 The following is true. It all happened. The timeline is a little scrunched but it all happened.

The first time I went to an "Adult Bookstore" was right after I turned 21. It wasn't that I was waiting or there was an age limitation (that I know about), it's just that I live in Oklahoma and there aren't any, uh, GOOD bookstores here. I'd read about them and gloryholes fascinated me. The anonymity of having some stranger suck your cock and drink your cum was an irresistible concept. It still is.

Anyways. I had made the rounds of the 3 local bookstores and nothing special. There was one on Eastern Ave but if kind of freaked me out. And the rooms were huge! But the porn was strictly 'cable' porn. That's another downside of Oklahoma. No real porn. Yeah, there was the occasion magazine and the occasional video that happened to show just a little bit too much but nothing like I would find online. 

Then my brother asked me if I wanted to go to the OU / Texas game. I thought 'Sure, it'd be fun.'

On the way down, there was a BARN OF PORN (No, not the real name) about an hour's drive from Dallas. We didn't stop. In fact we didn't say anything about it. But my mind kept shouting at me that I needed to go there.

SO, we saw the game. Oklahoma lost. We went out and got drunk then back to the hotel. The next morning, we got up and got out. On the way home I kept waiting for the BARN OF PORN to appear. It seemed to take forever! Then it was there! I swear, my cock was just throbbing as I thought about al the sex that one building contained!

Then it was gone.

I made it three whole days.

Then I went.

I sat in the parking lot for about 20 min and smoked the last of a joint I had. Fucked up, I got out and made sure my boner wasn't obvious through my shorts and that my t-shirt also covered it.

Shaking, I entered and was immediately blown away by all the porn I saw! Rack after rack after rack! DVDs and VHS! Magazines and...it was incredible!

I tried to be casual but anyone could see I was a newbie. I made the circuit and saw there was an Arcade. At first I didn't understand what that meant but then someone left and I got a brief glance inside. THAT was my destination!

Paranoid as all hell, I went to the counter and gave the guy $10, he gave me a roll of tokens. I think he enjoyed the leap of terror I made when he hit the buzzer to open the door! FUCK!

Wandering thru the halls, I saw there were all men standing around in 1's or 2's. Head down, I ignored them. All and found a booth.

Inside, I locked the door immediately. I was proud of myself that I'd made as far as I had!

In the dim light. I looked around. I was both pissed and relieved that I didn't see a hole in the wall

I sat on the bench to calm down and dropped a few tokens in the machine. LOUD PORN filled the room as I frantically looked for the volume control! I laugh now at the thought I was in a porn store...in a room designed specifically to watch porn and I was freaked out by the thought that people knew what I was doing.

Eventually I found the volume, then found a channel, then found myself relaxing. Finally, I found myself incredibly turned on by the whole situation.

Just as I was undoing my shorts, someone tried to open the door: FUCK!! I'm still surprised I didn't catch my dick in my zipper. I waited forever before I could relax. Then the video went off and scared me again!

To explain my multiple freak outs, I was raised in a traditional home, went to church every Sunday and Wednesday, and brought up to believe that everything I was doing was a terrible sin and something only perverts did. I was both hyper-alert and paranoid from the pot.

After moving to my third booth. I was able to finally relax enough to jerk off and cum before I scurried out to my car. Crap. 2 ½ hours to get there. Almost a full hour inside. Then 2 ½ hour drove home. I was eaten up with guilt and shame as I drove home. I swore I'd never go back!

A month later I was walking back in. I lasted a little longer and the guilt wasn't as strong. I was still a little pissed. I'd driven so far looking for...what? A glory hole? It was the question I'd ask myself over the new week before I went back.

To be clear, it wasn't until my sixth visit that things really progressed.

I sat in my booth way in the back and had locked the door. Dropping in a few tokens, I scrolled through the channels until I found a good scene then sat down. Still a little skittish, I waited a few minutes before I peeled off my shorts, then before I could let myself think, I took off my shirt. I stood there in flip-flops and nothing else and GOD! It felt liberating!

I watched the couple go at it and slowly stroked my cock. I'd decided I was going to make myself last so it didn't go all-out.

Reaching a peak, I stopped and had to take a breath. I let the video end and sat in the relative darkness as I eased back.

The expected knock came and I was prepared enough not to jump but it still set my heart racing! I was naked...no. I had my flip-flops on so I took them off. Now I was naked in a strange place with strange men patrolling the aisles - looking for someone like me! It was intoxicating! I wanted to open the door and flaunt myself to anyone that wanted to look! To jerk off and be seen!

I was actually breathing hard as I thought about it and the knock came again. My hand was so close to the latch then I heard him walk away. DAMN!

I caught my breath and, with trembling hands, dropped more tokens in. The movie flashed back on and I tried to put what had almost happened out of my mind. 

But I couldn't.

I was at a loss for what I thought was going to happen. What? Was he going to stand there and watch me beat off? Attack me and rape me? Taking my ass and then...God. Was that actually turning me on? I slipped into that fantasy. I figured it was harmless to just think about it. About how he'd come in to see my nude body. Lock the door behind himself before pulling out his cock.

Crap! When had I changed the channel to gay porn?

Pre-cum was pouring out of my dick as I thought about it all and my hand was shaking as I wiped the cock-drool away then bring it to my mouth. Lost to fantasy, I smeared it on my lips and dreamed it was a real dick.

Without a conscious thought I reached over and unlatched the door. FUCK! Anyone could come in!

Forcing myself to look at the monitor, I watched the seconds count down until the screen went dark.

Fumbling for tokens, I dropped a couple on the floor but managed to feed the machine. The movie flashed back and it was of a guy in a sling getting his butt hammered by a muscle-bound guy and his huge prick! Before I lost myself to my fantasy, I bent down to get the tokens I'd dropped.

Ass in the air and pointed towards the door, I heard it open. SHIT! I really had opened it! I was shaking like a leaf as I sat back down. I deliberately ignored the figure in the room. I didn't know what to do. Hell, I didn't know what I wanted to do!

Sudden movement made me look. He wasn't the best looking guy, of course, that's relative. What had made me look was that he'd pulled off his sweatpants and only had on a muscle shirt. He was bald...everywhere. And his cock, which was probable about the same size as mine, maybe a bit bigger was close to seven inches. He didn't say anything but continued to strip off his shirt before sitting down next to me.

Instinct made me shy away from the touch of his bare leg but he didn't make any sudden moves to rape me. Yeah, it's funny now. Then I was scared shitless. 

He had some tokens too and reached across me to drop several into the machine before he changed the channel to a blonde getting banged by a black guy by a pool. His fingers on my thigh as he pulled his hand back caused me to tense up.

My mind raced trying to figure out how to get dressed and out of there without being violated but nothing came to mind.

When I realized my cock was achingly hard, I tried to discreetly give it a few short strokes. My companion relaxed and openly gave his shaft a few lazy jerks. I tried not to watch. Really.

It was completely a surprise to me when I found myself shifting to get a better view while squeezing my dick. I didn't even notice the hand on y thigh rubbing gently and ever so closer to my dick. It was so natural when his fingers slid across my hand then up to encircle my shaft just below the head. My hand fell away as he took over.

I didn't know where it was all heading and it was happening so fast! But I did nothing to stop it. Part of me still wanted to run but a growing part wanted him to do things to me. And to make me do things to him.

He dropped a few more tokens into the machine then slipped to his knees and slowly took me into his mouth as he continued to jerk himself off. It felt wonderful! And sinful. And I was so filled with shame that I was letting a man touch me sexually! I slid my ass forward to give him better access as I leaned back to enjoy it all!

When his fingers from the hand that he had been using to jerk himself off touched my lips, I opened my mouth to taste them, licking a sucking on them! I never would have dreamed that could be capable of doing it but I was literally willing to let him do anything to me.

He used those same fingers, now coated in my saliva, to tease my tight backdoor. On contact, I gasped and froze and started to pull away until he took one of my feet and placed it on the control box for the TV. It spread me open and opened my ass causing me to shiver.

Him mouth started to suck as the point where my balls meet my shaft and I let out a gasp. Then he started sucking my balls into his mouth. That's when his fingers returned. Gentle poking and prodding led to me slowly opening up to accept the tip of a finger.

When his tongue slipped lower and across my pucker, I let out a soft 'Please!" then reached down and pulled myself wide! He continued to lick and lick my ass for several minutes as I literally gasped in ecstasy! SO CLOSE to cumming! I thought I would have done anything!

It wasn't until he had the head of his cock pressed against my asshole, hell! Maybe even a little inside it! that I finally pulled away. I was lucky, in one sense. He respected my wish not to get fucked but if he'd made an issue of it, I would have given in with hardly a fight. I wanted to be taken.

Sadly, he misread my queues and quickly got up, dressed and left.

I was left alone and horny beyond belief! I had almost just been fucked and now I wanted it! Jerking off to the thought wasn't the same.

And I'd forgotten about that open door.

The shuffle of a foot made me look.

If the first partner had been nothing special to look at, this guy was even farther down the scale.

Red hair slightly unkempt wearing a t-shirt and white jean shorts. He was much more muscular than #1. Stepping inside her looked me over before reaching over to change the channel to loud gay porn. He even took a few of my tokens and dropped them in. I guess seeing me not react to what he was doing caused him to get bolder.

Dropping his pants he pulled up his shirt showing off a dick maybe five inches and a mass or red pubic hair then stepped forward with a smile. I should have been grossed out but I wasn't. I'd never touched another dick other than mine and I just had to. I stroked him awkwardly for a couple of minutes before he pulled me off the bench and pushed me to my knees.

I was taller than he was by a good ten inches so on my knees my face was level with his navel. Looking down I steeled myself for what I had to do.

His hand on the back of my head, guiding me down, actually sent shivers down my spine and I opened my mouth, ready to take him in.

I discovered blowjobs are a lot harder than they look on video! His dick didn't look that big but it sure stretched my mouth! I could only get the first couple of inches in and I wasn't really prepared for the taste. It wasn't like he was dirty or even smelly but t was my first time and I gagged and choked and slobbered and tried to do all then things I'd ever had done to me as well as what I'd seen in the movies. I was such a novice! I seemed to take forever but was likely only a few minutes before I just knew he was getting ready to cum. 

His four words scared me more than anything else had sin I'd been there: "Do you swallow, boy?"

I didn't know! I wanted to but I didn't want to. Of course, with his dick in my mouth I couldn't answer so I just let out a "MMMMMMMHMMMM" and figured he'd decide.

The door opened behind him at just the same time he let go! His cum filled my mouth and I didn't like it! I tried to pull away but he help on, continuing to shoot! I know all the measurements that scientists have done to quantify how much a man ejaculates and it's all bullshit when the cock it unloading in your mouth! He came cups-full! When I couldn't take anymore I managed to finally pull back as he laughed and a final shot hit my neck and ear.

With a laugh he pulled up his shorts and dropped his shirt before pushing past the guy in the door.

I was lost! I had a moth full of cum I was trying to swallow and my cock was throbbing so hard it almost hurt! Licking my lips I took a closer look at the man in front of me. 

Number 3 was dressed in sweats as well and had a hand shoved in them. Looking up at his face I was surprised again at how unattractive they all are but he was black. Dark black. And looked almost effeminate. Looking back, out into the hall, he stepped inside and lowered his sweats. "Want some of this, honey?" and 'this' was a really nice looking cock. It wasn't huge, just the up side of normal but it was skinny. When I didn't answer he stepped forward and presented it to me.

I didn't quite lunge at it but I did go after it hungrily. To my surprise, he pulled away. "No, honey! That's too much for Harold. Listen, you're new to this, aren't you?" I hesitated. Harold sat on the bench and patted the space next to him. "Listen, you like getting your dick sucked, right? Then do what you want them to do with you, baby. Take it slow! Learn from the other side then you can have much more fun!"

It had started out as a normal visit with fantasies of all kinds of nasty things happening and it ended with me blowing a black man who took the time to teach me how to do it.

When I got to my car an hour later I was worn out. Harold had staying power like a porn star! My neck and jaw both hurt and I still didn't really care for how cum tasted but I knew I liked a cock in my mouth.

The worst part was that I hadn't cum!

It was close to 3AM and I couldn't bring myself to go back in so I headed home. On the way I passed a couple of rest areas but couldn't go there. Unlike the movies, they were too well lit. Instead, when I was well back into Oklahoma, I did detour out to one of the 'scenic' lookouts. Hell I thinks it's just a big parking lot.

Parking off by myself I got out and walked around. There were only 2 trucks on the other side of the lot so I felt fairly isolated.

Stripping off my clothes, I tossed them into my car before climbing up on the hood. Turning around, I put my feet on the roof of my car and laid back. Closing my eyes, I lay there and stroked. I took my time and relived my experience, already planning a return and knowing I was going to get fucked.

I imagined what it would feel like to have Harold's long skinny cock sliding into my butt while 'red' fucked my face before spraying his cum all over me then shoving his cummy cock back into my mouth to clean it. Then, just as I was about to cum, I wondered if it was true. Can you really feel the cum squirting in your ass? How would it feel to have a thick cock jerk and throb as it filled my sore, well-fucked hole full of cum? OH GOD! And I came all over myself! I felt it shoot out and droplets hit my hair then check. Feeling heavy, hot stripes of sperm splatter across my skin only made me cum harder!

Minutes later, my cock shrinking and sore, I lifted my cum covered hand to my mouth and started to lick it clean.

The last thought I had as I drifted off was, 'I like my own cum.'