 The following is true. It all happened. The timeline is a little scrunched but it all happened.

I got lucky.

I had fallen asleep on the hood of my car naked and covered in my own cum at a rest stop.

The lucky part was that I was facing east and it was the sun coming up that had woken me and not a cop.

When I'd crawled up on my car, there had only been two semi-trucks at the far side of the lot and I was the only car. However, as consciousness returned, I realized there were several trucks and there was a car right next to me. The driver was a middle aged guy and he was staring at me.

The weird part (if it all wasn't just completely bizarre!) was that I wasn't embarrassed! In fact I was actually getting turned on!

Looking down (up?) at my dick, I couldn't resist and started jerking off slowly, watching as my hand moved up and down my shaft. Looking over at the car, I saw that he had his phone out and was either taking pictures or a video. 

Again, I should have been freaked out! Last night I had jumped at every sound while I had been naked in a closed and locked booth. This morning, I was literally exposed to the world and completely at ease!

My new fantasy built quickly: I had a group of people standing around me as I was naked and jerking off. They were all dressed and no one said anything. In my vision I picked two out of the crowd and they were suddenly naked as well. Soon, I was on my knees as the guy in front of me fed me his cock and the guy behind me slammed into my ass! Both used my holes to get off and when they came, they pushed me to the floor and stood over me jerking their hard cocks until they shot their sperm all over me!

It was so overwhelming that I started cumming for real! I tried to aim where it landed, shooting for my open mouth but it landed on my stomach, chest, and all over my hand. I was a little disappointed but I made up for it by bringing my cum-covered hand to my mouth and sucking it clean. As I was scooping up the load from my stomach, I snapped back to reality and looked at my watcher. I can't say we made eye contact but I did stare right at his camera as I slurped the cum from my fingers then licked them clean.

It was almost enough to get me hard again but people aren't made to sleep upside down on the hood of a car and I began to ache. Rolling off my car, I almost fell to the ground from the sudden rush of blood back into my feet. I struggled to stand and faced my neighbor as I checked for any stray strands of cum I might have missed before staggering to my door, I managed to crawl in.

Sitting on the relatively soft seats, I thought back to what I'd just done. FUCK! What the hell was I thinking? Some guy now has pictures, probably video, of me jerking off! And eating my own cum! But instead of getting rightfully freaked out, it turned me on and my dick was getting hard again!

That's what really freaked me out. Not by what I'd done or who had seen me but by not knowing how far would I let myself go!

My first thought way to call Mark. He was the most openly gay friend I had! But a couple miles down the road it hit me that being gay didn't grant you special pervert knowledge. Besides, I wasn't gay. Sure I liked to cruise adult bookstores looking for anonymous sex with men. Sure I liked to fantasize about sucking long thick cocks until they filled my mouth with hot cum. Or dream of having my asshole stretched until it hurt by a fat dick then filling it, pumping it full of scalding sperm! To feel the meat stiffen and twitch and jerk as it...oh God! Was I gay?

After my second shower, the first to get all the cum off and the second to wash off the hair I'd just shaved away; my crotch was smooth and hairless and, ok, really weird looking. (It did make my dick look bigger!) I determined to prove to myself that I was not gay. By watching one on one boy/girl porn.

It somehow made sense at the time.

Fast forward about two months and I ended up in Wichita, KS, training for the dead-end job that had cost me my last girlfriend. I hated it but I made great money...moving on. 

They put me up in a cheap hotel for the week I was there but there was pretty much no time to go out and by the last day I was needing a release. Thankfully I'd brought my personal laptop and my bag of toys!

In the short time after my return from Texas and having proved to myself that I wasn't gay, I'd acquired a small collection of dildos and butt plugs. My favorite was a 7' butt plug that was two inches thick at the head and tapered to about ¾ of an inch before the flanged base. I also had a variety of different dildos ranging from 6' smooth vibrator to the 13inch 'man handler' that was long, flexible and had a handle at the base so someone could really get a grip!

On my last night in town, a Thursday, I took care of all the preparations then prepared to abuse myself. But I decided to go out and get some liquor first. Yeah, I'm a drunk slut.

The liquor store was just down the road and on the way, I passed a theater with XXX on the sign - I immediately detoured. Pulling in, I saw a few cars and trucks parked. I did the same and then went inside. The display room was much smaller than the huge BARN but still had a healthy selection of porn. Just past the front door was the arcade to the right. I studied the titles on the boxes, or so it may have looked but really I was plotting my return.

Moving on past the register, I saw there was a hallway that led to the theater! WOW! I couldn't wait. Again, I pretended to study the boxes of the movies that were showing but I could really have cared less. I needed to go in!

Somehow I managed to put it off.

Leaving several minutes later I started counting the minutes before my return, you know, after full dark.

I managed to get to the liquor store and get a bottle. Then I slowly drove back to the hotel where I made a stout drink that quickly disappeared. I thought about making another but decided to wait. I didn't want to risk being incoherent and getting kicked out for being too drunk!

Laying out my four toys on the bed, I stripped. Feeling the need to shave again, I went into the bathroom but not before opening the curtains a little, I was on the second floor and almost at the end. There really was no chance that someone would see me but the thrill of it made my cock harder than steel!

Leaving all the lights on and everything in plain view, I went and shaved. It was hard not to beat off but I managed, knowing that later would be so much better!

Smooth and clean, I knelt next to the bed, ass facing the window, and stuffed my butt plug into my mouth as I lubed my ass. I took my time slipping finger after finger into my ass until I had four plunged deep inside.

It was amazing how fast my butt acclimated to being stretched. The small dildos I'd started with hadn't been enough. Sure they kinda hurt a little at first but then, after the first time I'd cum with something in my ass... it was like my butt craved more! 

The 'man handler' was my first big toy. Just over two inches thick, it hurt like hell when I first put it in! I hadn't prepped enough before trying it out but I was just so worked up that I fought my tight sphincter until I finally managed to push hard enough that it slipped in a couple of inches. I thought I'd ripped myself open! It was excruciating! Then I made the mistake of pulling it out! How can something hurt more going out!

Tossing it to the corner, I crawled into bed wondering if I needed to call someone! Of course I couldn't! How could I explain it?

Butt, I didn't give up.

The next day I started small and used lots and lots of lube. Slipping one then two fingers in next to the vibrator. Some people say you can't rush anal sex. I'm one of them! When I finally got around to putting the 'handler' in, I was as relaxed and ready as I could have been.

As I slowly slid it in (I only got to about 6 inches), I didn't have the overwhelming pleasure I had been expecting. Then I started sliding it in and out...WOW! The way the ridge at the head bumped against the ring of muscle as I pulled out then the feeling of it moving back in! I couldn't wait to get fucked by a real cock!

I thought about it all as I knelt beside the bed in the hotel, getting so worked up that I had to stop for a few minutes. Getting up, I wiped my fingers clean then lit a joint. Taking two or three good hits, I put it down and then saw myself in the mirror. I'm not an Adonis but work keeps me fit and trim. Just at six feet, and short dark hair, I think I'm pretty good looking. The knock on the door suddenly brought me back. I don't know how long I'd been standing there but I found that I had been casually jerking off with one hand while the other had been pulling on a nipple.

FUCK! Who was it? Did they smell the pot and call someone? Had they been standing outside watching me? SHIT! Grabbing a towel, I wrapped it around my waist and went to the door. Cracking it open, I saw it was the pizza delivery guy! That's right, I'd ordered pizza...damn. My heart was beating a bazillion times a second! I told him to hang on and went to get my money.

It was only after he'd left that I realized that he'd seen my dildos and lube spread on the bed next to my laptop playing ass-banging gay porn! I cracked up!

Looking at the clock, I saw it was just after 8pm. I can't explain why I didn't want to go yet but I knew I wanted to hold off. So, with ass lubed, I pulled out the phone book and looked for other 'bookstores' as I slowly fed my ass the 'handler'. It slipped in fairly easily and felt so good slipping in and out that I had to force myself to finally stop and let it dangle from my ass as I clenched my sphincter tight to hold it in.

I found there were a couple of other places I could go before the theater so I grabbed my baggiest shorts and an oversized t-shirt then slipped my 7 inch plug in. I was so ready to get fucked!

The first place I went turned out to have a theater as well but I didn't want to go there yet. Instead, I went to the arcade. There were five booths and three guys hanging out. I made my way to the end of the row and went into what happened to be the biggest booth but that didn't matter to me, yet. I was extremely self-conscious at first. None of the doors on the booths went to the floor, which meant that anyone outside could see in.

At first it kinda freaked me out but then after a few minutes of watching porn, it began to excite me...I could beat off for an audience! I'm still surprised I didn't spontaneously ejaculate!

Partly dunk and partly stoned, I stripped and tossed my clothes into the corner. Finding a good scene, I turned up the volume and watched, careful not to jerk off too much being already on edge!

Minutes later I was facing the door, or the gap under the door, jerking with a fury and I was close to spraying my load all over the booth when, thankfully, the video stopped.

Snapping back to reality, I decided I needed to cool off and dressed quickly before leaving. Opening the door, there was no doubt they had been watching! I almost dropped my shorts...but no. God, I was so close to being a slut!

Back in my car, I ground my ass on the butt plug still deep inside and thought about what I was going to do. I was so worked up, I decided to drive around for a little bit before making my way across town to the other bookstore.

The sun was almost gone as I drove and for some reason that helped bring me out of my fuzz. That and I decided no more pot until I got to the final destination!

30 minutes later I was sitting outside the next store trying to will my cock to lose some of its stiffness. Giving up, I trusted the t-shirt to cover it. Walking inside I scoped it out. They had an arcade and I did everything not to make a bee-line there. The unfortunate part was that this store was the smallest I'd been in and hardly anything to keep me from a booth.

It also turned out to be the least enjoyable place I'd been. There were no lurkers and no wanderers. There was a guy at the counter and another talking to him. Damn it. I lingered about 15 minutes before leaving. I need to add that my boner had gone down...mission accomplished?

I took the side streets to return to my hotel. Stopping for a drink, I noticed that my bed, and where I had been kneeling, was completely on display through the window! Better than I'd hoped! In my room, I quickly took a shot then knelt next to the bed after stripping. Ass towards the window, I dragged my laptop closer to search for porn.

Sadly, there is just no way to adequately convey my need to extend the build-up or put off the ultimate payoff. I guess it's a form of edging. Keeping myself pushed to the edge but not wanting to fall over. Still I didn't think about any of it as I watched a video after video while slowly sliding my long plug in and out until I couldn't wait any longer. Dressed, I went to the theater.

The arcade was small but did have a couple of big booths; I snagged one, stripping my shorts off even as the door swung shut. Flipping channels, I waited for a tug at the door or a light knock. Several tokens later and still nothing, I was feeling let down and almost left. Instead, I went to the theater. Correct choice!

Walking in, I was blinded by the projector and had to feel my way around the room. There were 'balconies' on either side of the room and a half wall behind the seats on the main floor. Barely able to see, I headed to the back wall.

There were a several men already so I found an open place next while my eyes adjusted. The pot and the alcohol were playing havoc with my head - on the one side I was completely freaked out that I might actually do something and on the other, so horny that I was ready for everything!

Emboldened, fucked up, or stupid, I slipped my shorts down until they fell to my feet. With small shifting of my feet I was able to get them off then I 'dropped' a token and bent down to get it, grabbing my shorts in the process. Wearing only a t-shirt and shoes, I leaned back against the wall and watched the brunette on the large screen getting fucked. 

Having never been in an adult theater, I didn't really know what to do. Luckily, others did.

The girl on screen was just getting her facial when I felt the hand on my thigh. Heart thumping, I waited. Slowly he moved his hand up and down, going higher each time until he hit my waist then his hand slipped back along the top of my butt before he moved it down to cup my cheek and squeeze it. God, I was so tense! I needed him to make the moves, to initiate...whatever!

My hands were at my side, hanging useless, as he groped my ass. I needed him to guide me! As his fingers made their way towards my crease, I leaned my head back and I think a quiet moan slipped out. I know I gasped as his middle finger slipped down the crack! He must have felt the lube! That I was prepared! Didn't he?

In all the stories the other men were fairly aggressive, moving decisively. In moments the main character was forced to his knees where an unusually huge cock was forced into his mouth and shoved down the throat all while ignoring the protests that were ineffectual until either the main character gave in out of fear or accepted that he was being used exactly as he knew he should be.

I knew I wouldn't need to be forced but I also couldn't initiate. So I was more than disappointed when his hand moved away, his touch was gone. I wanted to scream in frustration! But I didn't know if this was part of the ritual. Forcing myself to stay calm, I struggled to appear relaxed on the outside. I wouldn't rush it but I damn well wasn't going to leave before I got fucked!

It was well into the next scene - a big-titted blonde was slobbering all over a huge black cock - I had been so into the scene that I'm pretty sure my mouth had been open and my tongue had been mimicking what she had been doing - when I felt the touch again: from the other side! 

This one went straight from my thigh to the middle of my back, under my shirt. Of course, with him pulling it up like that, it pulled up the front as well, exposing my throbbing cock to anyone who might be looking. I gasped louder and stood a little taller, arching my back, as the hand reached the back of my neck. With a confident pressure, he guided me the eight or ten feet to the half wall before moving his hand back down. 

Unlike the first guy, he was out for something! Dropping his hand to my ass he rubbed it firmly before running a finger all the way down my crack to the base of my butt plug being held in place by my suddenly tense muscle. His finger moved around the base then his hand grabbed my cheek before moving to the middle of my back.

He immediately grasped the end of the plug and began a gentle tugging. At the same time, his other hand moved to lift my shirt high, exposing my nakedness. Yeah, it was dark, but I still felt exposed! It was a rush! Placing my hands on the wall, I bent forward and spread my legs wider, submitting to his touch. As his pulling on my base increased, I instinctively pushed my ass out even more.

The surprise was when I felt a second set of hands rubbing my back and ass, then a finger rubbed my asshole, slightly distended from the butt plug being pulled out and I lowered my head and willed my ass to loosen its grip until it gradually allowed that long piece of plastic to be pulled out before he pushed it, with equal slowness, all the way back in. It felt so good to have someone else doing it!

Over the next several minutes they continued to slowly pull it out, farther each time, before slowly, forcefully, it was pushed back in! I WAS BEING FUCKED! Well, sort of. I still couldn't bring myself to make a sound beyond my breathing getting a little louder and I think I let out a quiet moan.

When I finally opened my eyes again, it looked like there was a flashlight shining on me, yeah, there was no question what was happening! I was so ready for a cock! I heard the click and snap of a couple of cameras and I almost lost it! Then I heard the BUZZ! And then everyone backed away and the lights went out to leave me standing there with my butt plug hanging out. I looked up in time to see two cops walking down the hall towards the theater (that explains the clear door!).

Scrambling, I pushed my plug back into place then frantically pulled my shorts back on! I didn't know what to do so I stayed where I was as they came in with COP flashlights shining! FUCK!

I was shaking so hard and trying to pretend everything was perfectly normal that I know I gave off that vibe of GUILTY! In fact the cops swept the first balcony then to where I was and seemed to take a really long time looking me over before moving to the other balcony. I thought it was over until they came back and both shined their lights on me, the floor around me and then the wall in front of where I was standing. Finally, one even had me turn around and lift my shirt! GOD my cock was harder than ever and it made a huge tent in my shorts! Apparently, seeing nothing arrest worthy, they moved on and out!

I stood quivering in fear at the potential near-miss. None of my fantasies had ever included the police! Getting arrested, the humiliation! I needed to get out of there!

However, as I was getting myself back together, preparing to leave, someone walked up behind me and pulled my shorts down! I was getting ready to tell him that I was leaving when the second guy pulled my shirt OFF! Just that quick and I was naked except for my shoes! I wasn't allowed to turn around, instead I was bent over again and the gentle dildo fucking was over! He grabbed my butt plug and steadily pulled it until the tip, the largest part, was stretching my asshole. 

I knew I should leave. God only knew what was about to happen but instead of trying to get my clothes, I was wiggling my ass, making the dildo flop around until somebody finally yanked it out! There were flashes and clicks as cell phones captured it all and that pushed me to the next level! Reaching back, I pulled my cheeks apart, totally exposing my butthole to anyone who wanted to look! And apparently feel! The first finger went in easily enough followed by a second. The third was a little difficult and the fourth made me wince but I didn't pull away. No, I pushed back onto them until they were suddenly pulled away and I sensed someone behind me. Fear and lust fought but it didn't really matter, I told myself, I was no longer in control. I'd offered my ass and they were taking it!
