 A/N So it has been a while since I wrote my first story, and I wasn't expecting people to like it as much as they did. But life gets in the way as it does, and prevented me from writing for a while, however, I have once again gotten in the saddle, and hopefully won't take another 2 years to write another. Feedback is always appreciated good or bad.

*****

"James. James JAMES!" 

I jumped someone had been yelling my name. "Huh, what?" I stammered waking from my stupor

"You dozed off again. Are you alright dude? You've been acting weird these last few day." Croft looked over at me. I could tell he was worried since he wasn't being his usual asshole self. 

"I'm fine dude. I just haven't been getting much sleep lately." I replied, grabbing my bag. I was grateful he decided to wake me up before the bell rang this time. I doubt I would survive more verbal abuse from Ms. Valdez for falling asleep in her class again.

"Oh, I see." He said finally as if he had been working out some puzzle in his head. "What's her name?"

"What?" I asked, maybe I was still a little too tired to get at the point he was trying to make.

"Come on man. Not getting enough sleep is just another way of saying you're getting laid. So spill, what's her name?

"Dude, It's not like that. I've got a lot on my plate. Speaking of which I've got a student council meeting to get to. Mind reminding coach I'll be late, so he won't chew my head off?" 

"Dude its Coach! He'd chew your head off if you were on time . Hell, he'd probably chew it off if you ended world hunger and created the cure for the common cold." He patted my back reassuringly.

"I'll tell him to go easy on ya!" he shouted as he jogged down the hall. 

I shook my head. I knew, either way, I was in for an earful later. I stepped into the classroom, thankful I wasn't the last to arrive this time. Veronica and Mr.Adams were already in the room it was pretty typical for her to beat me here. 

Veronica turned around and glared at me like I was some vermin she needed to exterminate. 

"Look who finally decided to show up" she whispered probably so Mr. Adams wouldn't here, but she wasn't known for being subtle. 

I just rolled my eyes I didn't really have the energy to get into it with her today. She could sense weakness, though, and I had to stifle a yawn and hope she didn't hear it. Her eyes locked on me. Damnit I've been caught

"Aww are you tired James." she purred. She almost sounded innocent, almost. 

"Don't you worry about me I'm fine" I retorted putting on my best poker face to prove it. 

She didn't look convinced and turned around and kept writing the agenda for the meeting. Every now and then she'd turn around and glance at me. I could tell she knew something was up. Veronica was like a shark sniffing for blood. 

I sat there waiting for the other to file in, it didn't take long before the meeting was well underway. I was able to drown out most of since we'd only been talking about a budget and that was the treasurer's job. I wouldn't have to do much as president till the beginning of next year anyway. 

I kept thinking about last weekend. I spent quite a while at that guy's house. I don't know how long I was there, but it was dark when I left. I could still feel his tongue on my cock. A few times during the meeting I even had to adjust myself. 

Something still bothered me about it, though. I never saw myself as gay or anything before. But I definitely enjoyed everything we did that's for sure. And all that stuff about the other guys on the team doing it too. I just couldn't wrap my head around it. I mean I saw the proof with big Pete, but I just couldn't imagine Croft or any of the others. 

It was all a lot to take in, I felt kinda bad when I left I didn't even thank him or anything. I ended leaving without saying a word, even when he asked to see me again, I just made an awkward shrug and ran for the door. 

At least I'd be able to clear my head at practice. Today was the first day of football practice. Most of the other sports had just finished up and Coach liked us to start early. I adjourned the meeting without another incident with Veronica and made my way down to the locker room. It was empty as usual and the smell of locker room jock scent hadn't set in yet.

I changed into my practice gear, I was grateful our actual uniforms wouldn't be here for a few more weeks. I would have died from the heat long before the actual season even started. 

I made my way out of the locker room, just as I walked past big Pete's locker I remembered that magazine I found hidden in there. I wondered if it was still there. Shaking my head, I made my way to the field. Now was not the time for snooping. The team was probably still waiting for me. 

Just as I expected, as soon as I stepped on the field I could hear Coach's voice yell my name. 

I jogged over to join the rest of the guys. Standing next to Croft, and next to him none other than Big Pete.

"Alright ladies, now that our princess has decided to join us let's get started. But first I wanna introduce ya' to our new manager. Try and not scare this one off will ya. His name is Kyle and this is his first year as a manager." 

He pushed a lanky dark-haired kid forward and I had to stop myself from cartoonishly fainting. It was the kid from last week. This wasn't right. The universe was playing some sort of sick joke on me. Why was he here?. 

"I don't want any funny business ya hear me" Coaches gruff voice pulled me from my panic.

"Alright let's get to work ladies, championship don't win themselves. Let's move!" The team dispersed. I guess coach already went over where everyone was supposed to go. I watched the team go and marched up to Kyle.

"Dude! What are you doing here?" I whispered making sure no one noticed us talking. Most were too busy getting yelled at by the assistant coaches to even care. 

"I'm gonna be the new Manager didn't you hear." He said grinning at me. 

"Not what I meant. Why are you here?" I asked probably a bit more forceful than I intended.

"Chill dude, I'm just taking in the view is all. It's a perfect gig. I get to watch all you sweaty boys run around, and wash your dirty jock straps. And if one of you boys needs a bit of...relief. Then I'm right here." He looked up at me lifting his shirt to show his flat hairless stomach. 

"Dude not here. I'm sure none of the other guys would risk getting caught doing anything with you, not here" 

He shrugged. "We'll see about that. How was last week by the way. You ran out of my place so fast I never got the chance to ask. If I remember correctly you moaned pretty loudly, and gave me 3- no wait 4 nice big loads. I can still taste em." He licked his lips. I could still feel those lips wrapped around my cock. I had to shake myself out of it, now was not the time for those kinds of thoughts.

I glared at him. "It's not happening again so forget about." I turned to walk away, and hopefully, hide the growing erection I hope wouldn't show through my shorts. 

I shook my head and made my way over to practice with the others. I was able to make it about an hour before, I scanned the sidelines looking for him. He didn't appear to be anywhere on the field. I scanned the bleachers to see if maybe he had sat down somewhere. No luck. 

"Dammit, where did that little prick go?" 

All of a sudden Coaches voice comes booming across the field. 

"Where in the hell is Peters and Croft?" I was beginning to wonder that myself. A freshman besides me yelled out. They said they were helping the new manager bring back water. Coach grumbled but accepted that. I figure he was glad the big bad jocks weren't bullying the new kid. I knew something was off, though. I knew coach would have my ass for this, but I had to know what they were up to.

Part of me hoped I was wrong and they really were getting water. As soon as I knew coach found some other poor soul to terrify, I made my way inside. The water fountains are only a short walk from the locker room, but since they clearly weren't down there I decided to head down into the locker room. 

I pried open the heavy metal door, easing it close just in case they were in here. I could hear noises, but I couldn't make out exactly what they were. I inched further into the room. I could make out more that there was more than one person. 

I peeked around the corner and nearly died on the spot. There before me in flesh and blood were my two friends naked except for the socks and sneakers, with Kyle bent over a bench. Fucking him.

I couldn't believe it. I'd seen Croft naked plenty of times and Big Pete was the biggest show off on the team. but seeing their hard cocks piston out of this skinny kids ass and mouth was beyond anything I'd ever imagine. 

Croft had a nice all over tan. He's told me before he tans naked on his family's boat. He would always invite me, but I'd always decline. I was now sorely regretting that decision. His cock was nice and plump, its length was hard to determine since it was half buried in Kyle's mouth. The same mouth that only a few days ago was wrapped around my own now swollen cock. 

"Ahh fuck Big Pete, this kids mouth is just as good as I remember it. Is his ass just as tight? " I heard Croft say. His voice sounded different. Deeper, huskier, the sound of it made the blood pound in my ears. 

"Yeah, it is, feels even tighter than I remember. Tighter than yours is anyway" He replied 

"Fuck you, Maybe if that dick of yours wasn't so big it wouldn't stretch me out." He said picking up speed. 

At that moment I thought my world would shatter, not only were my friends fucking some random gay kid, but each other as well. I didn't know how to process that. But apart of me felt jealous why had they never included me. There was no guarantee I would have said yes, but I was never even asked. A seemingly irrational thought among many that clouded my brain as I watched the trio.

I peeked around the corner again. I could see the sheen of sweat on their bodies. The way their muscles seemed to roll with each thrust. The moved with the power of an athlete that's for sure. It was almost mesmerizing the way the thrust in and out of him.

I watched as Big Pete's muscular ass clenched and unclenched as he fucked Kyle senseless. I was impressed at his ability to take Pete's monster cock. His own cock was rock hard and bobbed to Pete's thrust between his legs.

He was clearly enjoying the assault on his ass and mouth by my jock buddies. I rubbed my crotch subconsciously. I had gone from slightly swollen to steel hard in seconds. 

"Dude I'm gonna fill this fucker up." Croft moaned he picked up speed, face fucking Kyle faster than I ever seen. If he kept it up at that pace he might go fast enough to travel back in time. 

Meanwhile, Pete's moans became animalistic grunts, I could tell he was getting close too. It was only a matter of time before they coated Kyle's insides with their hot cum. I was so hard I thought my cock would explode on the slightest contact. I didn't dare jack off anymore and alert them to my presence. 

"Aww fuck. I'm cumming Petey!" Croft yelled and thrust violently into Kyle's mouth and froze the only movement was the convulsion of his balls and trembling legs. 

"Aggghh take my cum fucker!" Big Pete let loose a howl that made me seriously wonder if that boy was part animal. Kyle let out a gurgled moan as swallowed Croft's load. which I could see even from here running down his cheeks.

They pulled out of their respective holes and helped Kyle. I could see Pete's load drip down his leg, and I licked my lips without even thinking. 

"Damn boys, you get wilder and wilder every time. Now would you mind helping me finish off." He asked gesturing to his own raging cock. 

"Sure thing," Croft said grinning he got down on his knees in front of Kyle he massaged his balls and tilted his cock towards his mouth. I looked down at my own raging cock which was no use hiding anymore since there was now a very prominent wet spot across the front.

I watched as my best friend took Kyle's cock in his mouth, and deepthroated it. I had been friends with Croft since we were little. And it never even crossed my mind that he might like dudes. Hell, I wasn't even sure I liked dudes. I could hear Kyle moaning. It sounded almost girlish.

"Uh uh uh. I'm gonna cum" I peeked back around the corner just in time to see Croft swallow Kyle's load. Kyle convulsed holding on to Croft's head as he unloaded in his mouth. Kyle eased his cock of his mouth and grinned at them both. 

Croft wiped the excess cum off his mouth and stood up, patted Kyle on the back and was about to pull up his shorts when the one voice in the entire world I wouldn't have wanted to hear bellowed from behind me. 

"Well, well, well, ladies what do we have here?" Coach said standing less than a foot behind me. This guy had to be a fucking ninja to get that close. I thought my soul would leave my body. This is how it must feel being in a sinking boat. Watching your world sink around you, and not being able to do anything about it.

But he wasn't looking at me, It was the 3 man orgy he was focused on. 

I didn't see us talking our way out of this one.