 Monique, a fit and well groomed office assistant straightened her skirt, and pulled her panties out of her ass crack. She licked residual cum from her lips and swallowing once more to clear her throat, enjoying the taste. She said, "Merci beaucoup," and took the money from Mr. Johnson for the blow job.

Monique had been earning extra money for showing her boobs, and stripping in executive offices. She had started to give hand jobs, and blow jobs, and had sex once. She managed to keep it a secret from her husband.

Her job duties took on more responsibilities and her hours changed. As a young wife she wanted to help make a stable future. Monique found another lunch time ad for an office visit. This one was for a hand job. Monique was getting ready for work. 

Turning to her husband Aasim she asked him to come to her. Showing the ad on the internet site, she talked to him. "Honey you could do this, couldn't you? It will make us more money and we need it."

"I am not gay, why do you ask me?"

"Well baby you don't have to suck it. Mon Dieu, he just wants you to rub it. He might let you do it through his clothes so you might not even have to touch it. You don't have to be gay to do that. You won't even get your hands dirty, but if you did, all you have to do is wash them. Oh come on, give it a try. It is easy money."

Aasim made the appointment and arrived at the office building and sought out the floor and office number. 

Mr. Williams answered the door and let Aasim in. "You are here for the appointment? This is Aasim?"

"Yes."

"Come on in."

He locked the front door as it was lunch time and there was a sign posted. Guiding Aasim down the hallway they chose an office with a window looking out over the city with a spectacular view. The door latched when they entered. There was some furniture and a desk all near the window, and the carpet was plush.

Mr. Williams was straight forward, "Let's be clear," as he pulled out a large wad of bills for Aasim to see, and then put it back in his pocket, "I am going to pay you well for a simple job. Let me see your hand." Mr. Williams took his hand and rubbed it on his cock through the clothes. "This is basically what I want you to do. Have you ever given a hand job before?"

Aasim shook his head "no."

"First of all take off your shoes, I want you to feel how comfortable the carpet is."

Aasim could see no sense in this request, but could foresee no harm either, and complied.

"Now take off your shirt, you can be open with me."

Aasim laid the shirt near his shoes.

Mr. Williams laid a few bills on the desk deliberately showing Aasim he was making money. "Now before we start, I need you to take you pants off. It's ok, it's just you and me in here," he said without mentioning the video camera. "Come here and rub my cock up and down one time."

Through Mr. Williams' clothes Aasim rubbed his cock up and down once, thinking to himself; "This is easy enough. Western ways sure are strange though."

"Stand in the middle of the room for a minute." Mr. Williams took a camera out and took a few pictures of Aasim, telling him to turn around. "Lean over that desk and keep your legs straight." Mr. Williams took more pictures.

Mr. Williams continued, "Now take off your underwear, I don't want to be the only one exposed."

Hesitantly Aasim took off his underwear and laid it over his other clothes. 

Mr. Williams had him turn around a couple more times while he took pictures. He had Aasim bend over the desk again and took more pictures, "arch your back. That's it." He noticed Aasim's cock was getting heavy.

Standing next to the window he had Aasim rub his cock again. Aasim was nude standing by the window with Mr. Williams rubbing his cock through his clothes. He started to get conscious that with the window he may as well have been in the middle of the street. He started to look out of the window when Mr. Williams got his attention again.

"You need to rub it all the way to the bottom and back up. You are not rubbing between my balls. Yeah, rub all the way back until your hand gets caught between my butt cheeks. Now get on your knees and do it."

Embarrassed, Aasim complied. He would have some words with his wife about this.

Gently speaking, Mr. Williams said, "Now unbuckle my pants and unzip them. Take out my cock so you can do this properly."

Indecisively Aasim pulled the man's pants open and pulled down his underwear exposing his nice white cock standing at attention with a purple head. 

"Look at my face while you do this," Mr. Williams said. 

Aasim's eyes were just about belly button height which placed his mouth almost equal with the cock head.

"Keep looking me in the eyes while you do this." Mr. Williams took a few pictures POV style. 

Without looking down, Aasim kept rubbing the cock and balls, letting his hand travel all the way back to Mr. Williams ass crack. He unintentionally felt of the man's asshole. Aasim grimaced, he never had intentions of touching the man's asshole. Keeping his eyes focused on Mr. Williams eyes he hadn't noticed how close his mouth was to the cock until he felt a light wet touch on his lips. Reflexively he licked the wet spot off his lip, and his tongue came across the skin of the cockhead. It was soft and actually tasted good. 

Aasim had never experienced such sensations. He was thinking this cock rubbing couldn't last long, and he would get the money and be on his way. Showing good spirit, he rubbed the balls and felt of the ass cheeks, and kept looking up.

Mr. Williams interrupted the dreamy state for a minute, "Hold it in your hand and pump it up and down."

After a minute, Aasim was back in his meditative state with this new experience. He was not really thinking anything, just experiencing.

"Keep your mouth open wide while you are doing that, stick your tongue out. It's ok if your tongue touches it."

A few moments passed.

"Do me a favor and lick the drop off the top where it is about to fall on your lip again."

Without realizing why, Aasim licked the precum drop off the cock head, smearing it all around the head with his tongue and conveniently putting it in his mouth and sucking the rest of the wetness.

Mr. Williams cock was getting stiffer and harder to hold which distracted Aasim while he looked up. Suddenly Mr. Williams grabbed the hair on the back of his head and forced his cock the rest of the way in his mouth. His cock started to jerk, and the balls were bouncing on his chin. "Close your mouth on it."

This command took Aasim by surprise and when he closed his lips over the cock it expanded and jerked. Mr. Williams held his head in place. Trying to find a handhold to stay steady Aasim put one hand all the way back to Mr.Williams asshole and the other hand around back to hold his butt cheek. Gripping so he wouldn't lose his balance, Aasim realized his finger entered Mr. Williams asshole, and about this time Mr. Williams started cumming in his mouth.

Aasim didn't know what you are supposed to do with cum in your mouth. He held it in the back of his mouth while Mr. Williams was still grunting and spurting cum. It felt warm and slick in the back of his mouth. It tasted salty and oily, maybe a little bleachy

"Don't swallow yet." Mr. Williams took his camera out and said, "Open, show me." Aasim opened his mouth while the pictures were taken. "Ok now swallow." The camera in video mode had a view of his throat swallowing. Mr. Williams put his cock back in Aasim's mouth and said, "Suck it clean."

Hearing the word, "Suck," awakened Aasim to what he had just done. Looking out of the window he could see a window in another building with a couple people looking at him. He felt humiliated. 

Arriving at home, he showed the money to his wife. "Good job!" She hugged him.

Monique was so proud of him that he felt good about doing it and earning more money. This made her happy which made for a happy home life.

Aasim did more office hand jobs, but they always ended up cumming in his mouth. He was getting used to it, and actually started to like the taste. He met these customers in office building mostly, but met one or two in car parks, a few in parking lots, and one in a park where it was such a nice day they decided to walk down a path. They stopped in a sunlit clearing where he was sucking balls and a young couple walked by. With his head held firmly, he kept sucking the balls. He learned to lick all the way between balls and back to the asshole. Most of the customers were clean. After the first time licking an asshole because he didn't realize at first he was reaching that far back, he was ok with rimming on request. On another occasion around the corner of a building a jogger saw him licking ass. Aasim was no longer embarrassed to be caught in the act.

Most customers wanted more than asked for. Many of them were generous, and some even bought him meals. It was nice to wash down cum with a malted milkshake. A lot of them required him to take his clothes off saying they liked the olive brown tone of his skin.

One day Monique found one she urged him to go to. The pay offer was better than most. When he arrived at the office Aasim could see it was not one of the more plush offices, but it was not run down either. This time she handed him some sissy panties, "here wear these."

Aasim felt strange and submissive in the sissy panties.

Mr. Jones let him in, "Come in." Locking the door, he said "You are dressed nice. Let's go back here to my office."

Arriving in the back room office, Mr. Jones said, "Go ahead and take your clothes off and lay them over there in the corner."

Mr. Jones saw the sissy panties. "Nice," he said.

Aasim felt embarrassed and humiliated. 

Mr. Jones took some pictures of him in the panties, posing in several ways.

Aasim took the panties off and handed them to Mr. Jones.

Like some of the others, Mr. Jones took pictures of his naked body, asking him to pose in positions much like in adult magazines. Mr. Jones complimented the darker color of his cock and balls, complimenting the short hairs of his balls. Bending over an armrest of a couch Mr. Jones continued to compliment Aasim on the color and shape of his ass. He exclaimed, "Beautiful!" when he spread Aasim's ass cheeks to see his asshole and take pictures. Mr. Jones made a big issue of how nice Aasim's skin was, the firm and shapely ass cheeks and how nice they felt. He body rubbed olive oil on Aasim letting some go down his ass crack. This gave an excuse to massage it in. 

By this time Mr. Jones had stripped his clothes off and started to rub his cock between Aasim's ass cheeks continually complimenting them. He applied more olive oil and put some on his cock. Soon he massaged his cock head up and down the crack until it lodged on Aasim's asshole. He rubbed his cock head on it up and down, sideways, and in a little spiral before starting to push it in. He pressed his cock downward and then in the asshole very slowly.

Mesmerized by all the compliments Aasim did nothing to object. He just absorbed the experience and felt the pressure of the cock head until he had a feeling of fullness. He just relaxed for a minute and then felt the cock push in some more. He could not tell how long it was but felt more stretched as he began to feel pubic hair against his ass. 

Slowly Mr. Jones pushed in and out, sometimes with a spiral. After a while he tensed up and shot his load of cum into Aasim.

This felt so good to Aasim, and he felt good to be close to someone, and thrilled to be so personal.

***

To see my other listings click on Alluring_Crimson_Shifter below and enjoy!

***