 I used to volunteer at my old high school helping the kids on the science quiz team. Once I hit college I filled out a bit and gained a more active social life, but I still liked to go back and help out. It was time to start a new season and so there were a bunch of new kids. I immediately took interest in the new senior recruit. He was also on the cross country team and I could have melted for a guy like him. 6 feet even, a bit taller than I, and not an ounce of fat on the boy. Oh and he had the most beautiful clear gray eyes. Of course it was all admiration from a distance at that point. 

We ended up working together a lot. Which I was perfectly ok with. His name was Keith and we just kind of clicked. He was one of the few guys who never made comments about me being gay. (Though the ones from everyone else were all in good fun), but he always got this little smile on his face when my sexuality was brought up. It was an embarrassed little smile. The kind of nervous smile a person gets when they don't know any other way to react, and as a result I always wondered about his preference when it came to love, then one night I found out. We were the last two people in the department and after a while the subject got off physics and onto our personal lives. He asked me point blank, "When did you know you were gay?" 

It was kind of random, but I answered.

"My freshman year of college," I looked at him kind of oddly. "Why do you ask?"

"I've just been thinking about some things." He was looking down at his hands now and was acting kind of sheepish.

"Like what?" I really liked Keith and if he needed someone to talk to I wanted to help.

"I've just been thinking about what it would be like to be with a guy. I guess I'm kind of curious. But I'm not gay, at least I don't think I am. I like girls and all. But I guess I always wondered what it would be like to . . ." He looked up at me and stopped talking.

"Never mind."

"What? It's not like I am going to pass judgment. It's me."

"Well . . ." his face was turning 3 shades of red and for some reason it was really turning me on. "Suck a guy off." he now completely turned in on himself and I noticed that he was attempting to hide a growing hard on..

"There's nothing wrong with that. I love giving head."

"Really? I thought guys just kind of gave head so that they could get it back. Kind of a being fair thing."

"No, it's a lot of fun if you let it be."

"Really." his hard on was now completely impossible to hide. "You don't suppose . . ." I knew what he was about to say, but terror streaked across his face and he got up to try and run, but I grabbed his arm.

"You are a beautiful kid. And there is nothing wrong with wanting that." Then I leaned in very close and whispered into his ear, "and if you want me in your mouth I will happily repay you in full." He now looked utterly afraid, but excited too.

"But I'm scared."

"It's ok." I went and closed the door to the physics store room and lead him down to the ground, "Remember it's ok to want this."

Slowly now with more lust than fear in his eyes Keith pulled my shorts off of me quite happy to find I was wearing no underwear. He gently took my manhood into his hands and gingerly massaged it. Though I ached to be inside his mouth I didn't want to push him. I looked down at him and smiled. "It's ok if this is all you can do." He looked back up at me and something in his face changed. He moved his head down and took me into his mouth. I have often said no woman can suck like a man can. And though Keith's technique was untrained just the sight of this swimmer who I had been lusting over for weeks with his mouth around my cock made me insane. Knowing no one else had entered that sweet warm mouth just made me all the hotter and as Keith worked his tongue around my swelling head I felt myself boiling up.

"I'm going to cum." I said not wanting to overwhelm him, and he just began to suck all the harder. I laid back and just let myself explode into his accepting maw. I looked down as he greedily downed every drop. As he pulled away he yanked on my foreskin with his lips and smiled up at me.

"How was I?" he asked obviously self conscious about what he had just done.

"Here, let me show you." I pulled him up and kissed him full on the lips sucking his tongue and every drop of my cum back into my mouth. He reeled for a bit then smiled at me. "That good huh?"

"Oh I'm not done showing you how good you were just yet." I began to kiss down his neck teasing him with my tongue. Then I slowly began to unbutton his shirt and pull it off him. He writhed up so his arms could escape their fabric confines. His contortions gave me perfect access to his nipples. I reached down and flicked his left bud with my tongue. 

He spasmed so hard I felt he was going to snap. I put my hand on his chest to calm him and looked up into his eyes. They were filled with energy and lust. I went down to his nipple and again began to massage it with my tongue and then softly took his red flesh between my teeth, never taking my focus away from his face. His eyes told me I was pushing the right buttons and after tormenting him for a while I began to moved down farther until I reached his pants. I tenderly unbuttoned him and as his beautiful uncut cock spilt out I almost thought I would cry at the sight of it. His opening beckoned to my and I pulled him back every so slightly and slid my finger under his taught skin. 

From the surprised gasp I heard escape his lips I could tell he had never tried this while playing with himself before. I enjoyed the tightness of his skin, but realized that if I wasn't careful I'd miss the prize. I reached down and poked my tongue into his opening then ran it out about his head and tasted the sweet salty taste of his pre cum. As I worked his foreskin back and forth over his glans his breathing began to quicken rapidly. I slowly worked my hands up his flesh until I was running my fingers around the rim of his nipple. Then without warning I pulled back hard on his somewhat tight covering and pinched his nipples all at the same time. The extreme stimulation made him completely loose control and he came hard in my mouth letting go stream after stream of sweet nectar into me. I sucked out each drop from his foreskin then smiled up at him.

"There now, what's wrong with that?"

He just smiled sheepishly. I reached up and ran my hand along his cheekbone. "Our little secret. Now get home and study. I'll help you out again later," He gathered up his books and left giving me one last sheepish smile. As I drove home I thought about Keith's sweet innocent smile. Hoping I would get to see a lot more of it.