 I don't think he recognized me, but I certainly recognized him. I shook his hand and immediately a flood of memories came back to me. His apartment, his fit body, his massive cut cock, his sweet cum down my throat.

It was my first day at a new job and I was introduced to a variety of folks -- all of them new to me except for James. Had I never met him, James was would still have been striking among the usual office drones. Tall, fit, bald -- his dark eyes and dark hair offsets his light complexion -- James is a very sexy man. I should know. I spent many evenings in his apartment, naked and on my knees -- worshipping his impressive manhood. We met online -- he needed head and I needed cock -- and we spent many an evening giving each other what we needed.

But it had been nearly 10 years since I'd tasted his cum. Our casual arrangement had a shelf life, despite how wonderful it was. Alas.

I had sucked, swallowed and gotten fucked by hundreds of cocks since then. I don't have trouble attracting men. My smooth, darker skin, large eyes and long eye lashes gives me a youthful appearance. My body is hairless. My chest is almost feminine. And my full cock sucking lips and tight toned ass beg for cock. But of the hundreds of cocks that have been in my mouth and ass, none of them compared to James' cock.

It was two weeks into my new job and I found myself running into James at least once a day. He was always professional and courteous -- and sadly there was never any hint that he remembered our encounters. I badly wanted to remind him -- occasionally, I would sneak a few peeks at the impressive bulge in his tight khakis, but I couldn't bring myself to do anything else. Until one wonderful Friday evening.

It was late and most people had left for the day. I was sitting in my cubicle when James stopped by -- he stood next to me leaning against my desk as I sat at my chair. We had a polite conversation about work and weekend plans, but I had trouble maintaining eye contact as we chatted. I was very aware of his crotch so near my face. A few of my glances at his crotch lingered far too long I'm sure.

James went back to his cubicle and all I could think about was how wonderful it would be to feel his cum shoot down my throat. Figuring that wasn't going to happen anytime soon, I was looking forward to fulfilling my cum-lust elsewhere. Maybe I would hit the baths or cruise online, but I needed some cock. It was time to leave -- I stopped into the bathroom on my way out.

James was there. In a row of 5 urinals, he was standing at the last one, presumably peeing. He gave a cursory, yet friendly head nod. Normally in an empty bathroom, one would give at least a one urinal distance. It would be unusual to take the urinal next to his when I had other options. But I so badly wanted to see his cock again. I couldn't help myself. I got in front of the urinal right next to his and unzipped.

I look over as discreetly as I could to discover that James was not peeing. He was masturbating. His cock was even more beautiful than I remembered. A thick, massive nine inch, neatly groomed beauty -- it pointed straight ahead with pride. And James was clearly proud as well. He lowered his underwear even more to reveal his equally impressive ball-sac. I stood there dumbstruck -- openly gawking at his manhood.

Without saying a word, James, cock in hand, walked to the other side of the bathroom. He leaned against the wall and continued to stroke himself. As turned on as I was, I couldn't seem to move. I was transfixed. And perhaps a bit scared of being caught in a public bathroom -- where I work. But James' big cock was mighty persuasive.

And James didn't seem too worried about getting caught. He took off his pants. And then he started unbuttoning his shirt. Before he could finish, I stopped him. I walked over to him and slowly unbuttoned the remaining buttons and took his shirt off. We pulled his undershirt over his head and after some fumbling with his shoes, James stood fully naked before me.

It was an extraordinary display -- his solid legs, his fit torso, his beautiful strong chest and erect nipples, and of course his stunning cock. Still clothed myself, I fell to my knees. His cock inches from my face, my inhibitions vanished. I wrapped my lips around his cock-head and devoured his cock with abandon. I was drenching every inch of his package with my saliva -- from his smooth taint to his big beautiful balls to his shiny cock-head. I was in heaven -- my own cock was straining through my work khakis.

My enthusiasm coupled with the copious amounts of saliva I was producing allowed me to take James deeper and deeper -- eventually I had all nine inches down my throat. My nose was pressed against his pubic bone...every bit of him inside me.

James unloaded in my mouth. It was just as glorious as I remembered. Sweet and plentiful, his cum slid down my throat in orgasmic spurts. I swallowed every drop.

We recovered for a few moments -- he got dressed as I sat on the floor, savoring the taste of his cum. James gave me an affectionate, thankful smile as he helped me to my feet.

"That is exactly what I needed," he said.

"Me too," I replied.

"Let's do it again," James offered.

I imagined discreet early morning suck offs in his office or lunch time quickies in bathroom stalls. Either of which would make my work life eminently more satisfying. But James meant right now. We walked back to the now completely empty office. James motioned me into a conference room -- with a large rectangular table and chairs.

"I want to see you naked," James mumbled as he unbuttoned my shirt buttons. I complied without hesitation and within a minute both of us were naked -- standing in front of each other. Our bodies were a lovely contrast -- James' tall, white, muscular somewhat hairy frame and my smaller, slimmer, caramel colored hairless body. My average sized uncut cock was at full attention, but was considerably smaller than James' massive cut member. 

I would have gladly fell to my knees again, but James wanted something else. He turned me around and admired my ass -- his hands massaged my ass cheeks and fingers gently explored my hole. He held me close to him -- the sensations were intoxicating. I moaned as my asshole relaxed and opened for his fingers. And as I moaned he put two fingers from his other hand in my mouth. He whispered in my ear, "I'll be right back."

I stood there, standing naked against the conference table, waiting for James to return. The conference room has a wall of windows overlooking the rows of cubicles in the office. I looked through them and saw my cubicle. A little over an hour ago, I was sitting in my cubicle fully clothed and waiting for my weekend to begin. My weekend had certainly begun.

James returned with a big bottle of lube and condoms. I bent over and rested my elbows on the table. James worked a lubed finger into me slowly and steadily. He then lubed up his cock and positioned his cock at my asshole.

James had never tried to fuck me during our previous trysts -- I'm sure I wouldn't have even tried as at that time I had little experience bottoming. But In the last few years I'd taken dozens of cocks up my tight ass. And even though none of them were as enormous as James, I was ready for it. I wanted nothing more than to have James balls deep inside of me.

I reached my hands around me and spread my ass cheeks. I felt James' gigantic cock-head push into me. While moaning in excitement and anticipation, I took long deep breaths. Very slowly -- millimeter by millimeter -- James worked himself into me. After what seemed like an eternity, we managed to get his cock-head inside of me. It was uncomfortable -- stretching me in ways that I had never been stretched.

We maintained this level of penetration for some time -- James massaging my backside and body and coaxing it to relax even more. He entered further, maybe another half inch and then allowed me to relax into it. We repeated this process again and again until eventually James was indeed balls deep inside of me.

It was a remarkable feeling. I wanted James big fat cock up my ass and I got what I wanted -- I felt proud and fulfilled and turned on in a way that I had never experienced. As James slowly pumped in and out of me, I let out shrieks and groans of intensity and pleasure that came from the deepest most carnal part of me. I could feel James tense and push even deeper into me -- both of us groaned in ecstasy as James unloaded rivers of cum. He collapsed on top of me -- his cock still inside of me slowly softening. We lied there almost catatonic in post orgasmic harmony.

We finally unfurled ourselves from the table and sat on a couple of chairs recovering. My asshole was sore and stretched but very happy -- I admired how even soft, James' cock was impressively large. As we were cleaning up, I still wondered if James had any recollection of our previous trysts.

"Are you still in that studio in Brooklyn?" I asked.

"Yeah...? How did you...?" James replied, looking at me askance. I could see the wheels turning in his head as he put it together.

"Wow." James said. "I've made some changes to the place. You should come over again." 

I certainly did.