 All persons in this story are above the age of 21 and as always, this story is based in fantasy only.

*****

I took a few weeks off of work to visit my folks. My father had passed away almost 10 years ago and my mother remarried a great guy about 6 years ago and I hadn't been home since the wedding. After some nudging on her part I finally decided to make the trek back home to spend some quality time. I work way too much she always says. Which is true, I'm married to my job but I do make time to go out and hit the clubs on the weekend and have a hook up or two. With just work, clubbing and booty calls, I felt I needed a change of pace too, at least for a little while.

I had the house to myself for a few hours. "What to do with all this free time?" I wondered. It's been a few days since I've cum, I thought, as I started to rub my dick through my basketball shorts.

It was the middle of the day and everyone was at work. I got up, grabbed my macbook and headed to the couch. I stripped off my shirt and powered up my machine. "Porn it is!" I spoke out loud to myself.

I love the risque feeling of stripping down and beating off on the couch, there was always a chance someone could catch me with my hand around my cock beating off, or catching me at the end just as I was shooting my load. The thought made my dick stiffen in response.

I opened up my favorite porn site and quickly found a video that seemed interesting enough. The sounds of moaning echoed in the living room as I pulled my dick and balls free from my shorts. My nuts sitting on the elastic band. I start rubbing my fingertips along the head of my cock, rubbing the precum into the underside. "Fuck that feels good", I let out a low moan.

I yanked my shorts completely off then sat back, enjoying the feeling of being naked. My skin tingling and my nipples hard. Wrapping my fingers tightly around my shaft, I start slowly working my cock over while reaching my other hand to my balls, lightly tugging on them as I jerked off to the fucking on my screen.

I was so engrossed with the porn video and jerking off, that I didn't even hear the front door open or anyone walk in for that matter.

My stepdad stopped in his tracks right outside of the living room when he saw me beating off and watching porn. 

I sensed his presence before I saw him out of the corner of my eye. I didn't want to give the impression that I noticed him, so I continued to work my thick dick over. My cock was throbbing and felt so fucking hard, knowing he was watching me. I closed my eyes and laid back on the couch. The ball was in his court. He was a good looking guy and something about calling him daddy while I sucked his cock turned me on. I was starting to wonder if he was still there, if maybe his dick was hard while he watched me.

I slowly opened my eyes to see if he was still there. He had his cock in his hand, his eyes transfixed on my cock and licking his lips.

Inhaling deeply, I finally spoke, "my cock's so hard daddy, can I put it in your mouth?" I've never called him daddy before, but I wanted him to be my daddy right now and I wanted daddy sucking on my cock.

Without a word, he walked over and sank to his knees. "Not a word to anyone about this son" he commanded right before he lowered his mouth to my cock. "Oh daddy, that's it. Suck my cock daddy" I moaned out to him. The sound of him slobbering all over my cock filled the room, the porn clip had long since stopped playing. I started moaning louder as he forced every inch of my cock down his throat, "take that cock daddy, fuck my cock with your mouth". My balls started to tighten, I was gonna shoot my load any second. "Fuucck, swallow my cum daddy" I yelled out as the semen from my nuts spurted into his hungry mouth.

After swallowing my cum he finally spoke, "now, are you going to be a good boy and make daddy feel good?" he asked.

"Yes sir" I promptly responded...

Needless to say, I'm glad I came back to town to visit my folks for a few weeks.

To be continued.