 Something came up at work and now I am a day behind the rest of the guys on our yearly fishing trip to North West Ontario, Canada. This trip is my escape from reality with nothing but big sky, fishing, and beers with the guys for a week. I just left home in Des Moines, Iowa later than expected and with a new found level of stress. An unexpected outage halted production at the plant. I should have left and caravanned with the rest of the group yesterday morning, instead as lead engineer, I had been up most of the night with maintenance trying to get us back online followed by a quick nap in the morning before hitting the road. 

About 2 hours into my drive and I was finally starting to relax and forget about work as I cruised down the highway in my newly customized Ford F-150 raptor, all black including the rims, tinted windows, and a 4 inch lift kit hauling my 22 foot Crestliner 2150 boat with a 350 horsepower Mercury Four Stroke engine. Thinking about my truck always gave me a chub in my pants so I grabbed my dick and rearranged him to go down the side of my thigh of my jeans. A Hank William Jr song came on next and I turned up the volume and increased the speed on cruise control, eager to make up for lost time. 

Making good time with only a few stops for gas and to piss, I was nearing the border crossing while the sun was still up. About an hour north of the border I'd stop for the night at a motel. While I did not want to pull off and miss more time on my already shortened vacation, I was too tired from being up all night and deemed it not safe to drive sleepily through middle of nowhere woods in the dark. As I saw my first sign for the border, I began slowing down, been through a number of times without issue as I was well versed in the rules from years of making this trip. I was the only vehicle in sight making me breathe a sigh of relief that this will be a quick crossing. As I pulled up to the stop, a hand quickly shot out of the window motioning for me to advance. At the window was a uniformed Canadian border guard with a thick neck and impressive forearms wearing a short sleeved shirt, baseball cap, and had a well maintained cut short to his face beard. While he couldn't have been any older than me at 34, he gave off a strong confidence of authority. 

"Passport," he demanded gruffly. I quickly passed it to him. "What brings you to Canada, Gage Jameson?" he asked. I provided him with the dates of my trip, name of the camp I would be staying at and confirmed I had no tobacco or firearms and the legal amount of liquor. Instead of saying the traditional, welcome to Canada, I got, "You've been randomly selected for a vehicle search. Please pull forward into inspection bay one, turn off your truck, and exit." Shit, I thought, so much for a smooth crossing. I had nothing to worry about, I was not violating any laws, but it was just yet another delay.

As instructed, I parked and exited the truck. Quickly a number of other officers were opening my truck and boat immediately searching for any contraband. The officer from the window was now ushering me inside to what he called a waiting area, but from what I could tell it was an interrogation room. I was left alone in this gray, cinderblock constructed room, with a large presumably 2 way mirror on one side, and only furnishings being a metal table with two chairs for about 10 minutes before the officer from the window returned. He barged through the door with no warning and tossed a small black duffle bag on the table where I was sitting. My small back duffle bag. I was already turning red because I knew exactly what was in it. I had debated not bringing it, but last minute threw the whole thing into the truck. Inside I knew it contained my fleshjack, condoms, lube, dildo, a variety of buttplugs, and a rarely used impulse purchase leather harness. For a trip I'd generally only bring the fleshjack, a guy had needs, but for a week away where I will be hundreds of miles away from any potential partners, I wanted a variety keep me satisfied. 

"Are you some kind of pedophile, Mr. Jameson?" officer Jacobson asked. Now that he was directly across from me, still standing, I could read his badge. 

"NO! Hell no!" I yelled in a surprised demeanor. What the hell was going on, there was nothing illegal about these items. The office said nothing else and intensely stared at me. In this quiet I was now able to fully take in the size of this man. While I am not small, he was bigger, about 6'3" and solid. His biceps strained his uniform sleeves with every move, his chest and shoulders were wide, coming down to a trim waist where his shirt was almost tailored to his abs, further down his pants had a stripe down the side that stretched around his tree trunk thighs and bubbled muscle ass from years of squats. I was fixated on his crotch when I heard a loud throat clear. He did not seem amused by my gawking and it sure was not helping my case. 

"Is this all the paraphernalia you have with you? Are you harboring any on your body such as a cock ring or inserted anal plug?" he asked. The sound of his manly voice saying cock made mine stir. 

"That is all of it," I say and as I am about to put up further protest he pulls a pair of leather gloves out from his utility belt and instructs me to stand up and turn around. My mind is racing thinking I am being arrested and going to cause an international incident over some sex toys. The second I stand he is on me, spinning me around and bending me over face first on the table. His strength makes me feel like a rag doll. One hand holds the back of my neck down, the feel of leather on my skin, while the other rubs down all of my body it can reach, presumably checking for weapons. 

Being manhandled by this hot office was turning me on and he knew it as soon as his gloved hand began rubbing over my crotch. "So you like this? STRIP!" he commanded as he let go of me and backed against the wall and crossed his arms. Again, he stared at me, not saying a word, just watching me still bent over the table, check of my face on the cold hard metal. I could tell by his expression he was not joking. By now I had the idea this was not a regularly issued search, he was toying with me and I had the confidence to not back down or give him the pleasure of dominating over me, not just yet anyways. I stood and took a step towards him, pulling my Under Armor polo over my head and tossing it on the floor. I bent down to undo the laces of my boots, but he stopped me instructing to remove my jeans next, so I undid my belt, then the button, unzipped the fly revealing my boxer briefs. I pulled down my belt and jeans to my ankles. Standing there with my hard cock trying to free itself from the fabric of my underwear, office Jacobson smiled a wide handsome smile. 

"Underwear too," he said, with a new found sense of pleasure in his tone. So I pulled down my tight athletic boxer briefs to sit around my ankles with my jeans, and then out of arrogance threw my hands in the air over my head and slowly as to not trip on ankles bound by clothing, spun in a circle for him to inspect all of me. As I completed the circle he grabbed me by the bicep and pushed my towards the wall putting my hands flat against the cement blocks above my head, feet a foot and a half out from the wall, him kicking them apart as far as they would go given the jeans constraining them, and had me stick my ass out into the room. His leather hands each grabbed a cheek of my ass, fondling it, one eventually stroking between then crack all the way up and down a few times before focusing on my hole. He took 2 fingers and massaged the hole, all while I pressed myself into his fingers as much as I could while still maintaining the position he put me in. Then he stopped. Crossed over to my shirt on the floor, picked it up, and with it in an outstretched hand said, "You are free to go." I spun around, confused and started stammering, not sure of the point I was trying to make. He stepped towards me with a grin, slinging my shirt over my shoulder, and grabbing my now throbbing cock with his still gloved hand while saying "I guess it would be unsafe to let you drive off with this." 

I replied with a quick gulp, then a, "yes, sir." 

Once again he grabbed me by the neck and leaned me over the metal table. Once in position with my face down and ass stuck out he walks to the other side of the table where I see him unzip the duffle and rifle through the contents. He laughs to himself, then grabs the whole bag and returns to standing behind me. I hear him unsnap his gloves and take them off. Almost immediately I feel the sensation of lube being applied to my ass. He massages the outside of my hole for maybe 30 seconds before plunging a finger in me. I cringe but also moan. His large finger begins working deeper in me than I thought a finger could do. Soon enough he adds another and I feel like I am being stretched to the max. I forget where I am and can only think of the urge to cum. He stops. Unsure what he is doing but nervous to turn around and break the position he has put me in, I wait. Slap. He slapped my ass cheek with a lubed up dildo, a respectable size and girthed one that is my favorite. Without easing me in, he slides it all the way in me and holds it there hitting my prostate along the way. I know I am leaking precum onto the floor. The officer then starts fucking me with the dildo, all the way out then all the way in. My hole is stretched and loving it. My body craves the next filling each time he extracts it. This goes on until he must tell from my breathing I am ready to explode. 

Jacobson flips me onto my back on the table, legs bent over my stomach, giving him a full view of my hole and cock. He continues to fuck me with the dildo roughly but then grabs onto my cock with his other hand. There is so much precum he uses it as lube and begins stroking me in unison with the dildo going into me. All the way up as he pulls out, all the way down as he pushes it back in me. After a few minutes of this I cannot take it anymore and as my breathing shortens he increases the speed. Right then he pushes the plastic cock all the way into me, holding it there with his own crotch pushed up against my ass and thrusting, while focusing on stroking me and grabbing my balls and pulling on them. I start cumming, shooting over my head covering the table behind me and my chest. He holds my cock and slowly strokes it until I finish. Then he lets go of me, moves away, the dildo slides out and falls to the floor. He leaves the room. As I am laying there in a pool of my own jizz trying to wrap my head around this, the door reopened, officer Jacobson throws me a towel and says, "You are free to go. Welcome to Canada." 

I clean up as fast as I can, pack up my bag, exit the room and precede down the hallway to the inspection bays. Another office is standing there with my keys and only says, "Have a nice day."