 This story is a very over the top work of fantasy, and it contains non-consent, blackmail and humiliation elements. 

*****

I work late so I like to go to the gym in the last hour before it closes, when I practically have the place to myself. Even though my job is crazy these days, I still take working out seriously and get myself to the gym every day, and it has paid off. I have a body most guys admire and even envy. Not to toot my own horn but I am jacked. I'm 5'10, 215 solid muscle. Frankly, I turn a lot of heads, male and female.

Tonight though there were these two old guys I always see around that annoy the hell out of me. They are classic 'talkers,' who seem to go to the gym not to work out but to socialize. These two were monopolizing a bench I wanted to hit but weren't even using it, just sitting there and jabbering on. 

They looked to be in their 50s or so and both total slobs. One had big pot belly, a gray beard and was bald. The other had a gut too but not as fat, and was taller than his friend. He had wiry gray hair and a sort of pock-marked face with glasses. I approached them with a smile on my face.

"Hey buddy you almost finished with that?" They looked at each other and grinned, then the seated man, the pock-marked guy with glasses, stared at me and paused before slowly saying.

"No." 

Complete disdain. I smiled briefly but he just stared at me deadpan. I was kind of taken back and stumbled with my words a bit before responding.

"Well maybe you could actually use it instead of just sitting there and chatting." He smiled at me condescendingly then turned back to his friend and resumed his conversation, completely ignoring me. I stood there impotently for a few moments and then turned and walked away. It wasn't worth getting into an argument, and despite my big muscles, I'm a pretty non-confrontational guy.

It was embarrassing though, being disrespected like that. It felt strange, almost like a slap to the face. I couldn't stop thinking about it. I continued my workout with renewed vigor and then headed to the locker room to hit the showers. I stripped down and left my locker open- there was no one else in the gym, so I felt comfortable doing that and walking around with no towel. 

Wearing only a pair of shower sandals, I stepped under the warm stream and lost myself in my thoughts. I was awoken from my revelry moments later when I heard a harsh voice call out.

"God damn that's a tiny dick!" It was the fat bald guy, and his taller friend next to him laughing. They stood in the door of the shower room, both naked. These fat old fucks- they were hung like bulls! I stared at their big waggling dicks and gasped My face bloomed red in shame. 

"What's the matter son, haven't you ever seen a grown man naked before?" The taller, pock-marked guy asked, leering at my crotch as he approached.

"Things change when a guy's clothes are off, don't they son?" The fat bald guy asked me, coming closer to me than any man had ever when we were both naked. He pushed his hefty body into mine, like a fat old bull pushing around a young heifer.

"Not so pushy now, are you? Not so 'cocky', huh?!" He was right- naked, everything was different. I no longer felt like the confident swaggering jock I usually was. As they teased me about my dick size, I felt my usual assured self being supplanted by a stammering, weak-willed wimp. I backed up against the wall pathetically as he pushed his big stomach into me. 

And I could no longer look at them as fat, out-of-shape old losers. They were men and I was a boy. All I had to do was look at what was between our legs to know where I stood. 

Suddenly their out-of-shape bodies didn't seem pathetic, they seemed proud. Their big guts were a sign of manhood, not giving a fuck, letting it all hang out. My own tight abs seemed vain and womanly. They were hairy as hell, swirling gray bath-mats on their chests, hairy bellies, even straps on their shoulders and twin tufts on their upper and lower back. And they both had the biggest bushes I had ever seen. Swirling, dense beds of pubic hair that continued around their entire genitals, tufts on their inner thighs, beards on their balls. 

"Look, he shaves his little peepee. What's a matter boy, don't want to be a man?"

"No, I don't shave it, I just trim-" I protested feebly.

"You young fellas are all such pansies, all you dumb faggots in the gym are as smooth as little boys. Fucking pathetic." The fat bald one told me as he proudly scratched his pubes. It was true. They both had lions manes of bushes to compliment their big cocks, whereas I was almost bare as a prepubescent boy. Just a neatly trimmed patch, like a woman. Something I had taken for granted since most the men I grew up with, guys I lifted with now, trimming are bush, once the most natural thing in the world now seemed absurd and embarrassing. 

"And look at those muscles. Damn boy! Talk about over-compensation. Don't you know no amount of weight-liftings going to make that little thing any bigger?" The older guy crowed. 

Their own big hogs waggled at me tauntingly as they approached. Just like the shorter, fat guy's belly, with each step the masculine heaviness between their legs jingled obscenely. I couldn't handle looking at their fat dark dicks, was shocked and disgusted by myself for looking so much, that my gaze fell to the floor. A voice in my brain observed- classic submissive display. Their feet were cornering me into the shower. 

Suddenly I felt like a little kid trapped by a pair of bullies on the playground. Their howling laughter had a strange echo effect in the shower room, and it felt like I was punched in the stomach.

"Boy I didn't know they came that small. Your mama get knocked up by a midget?" 

"Damn shame. That is one TINY FUCKING COCK boy. And on a big guy like you, why it looks positively tiny!" My eyes were still locked to the wet floor. Even our feet were different- mine clean and well-trimmed in a pair of shower sandals, their's hairy, with yellowed, untrimmed nails. 

"Bet the girls are real disappointed when they see you with no pants on." The fatter one taunted.

"What the fuck you talking about girls, man. Don't you know a pillow-biter when you see one? This little bitch is a homo butt-boy or my dick is diamonds." The older one leered at me hatefully.

"Yeah, I think you might be right. Big old muscle pussy. Looks so strong and tough on the outside, but when his pants are down, he grabs his ankles and says "Hello Sailor." 

"Yeah only a real Nancy could have a tiny little pecker like that. Nelly-boys don't need real dicks, they have fun with their asses, don't they Mary?" I was speechless and stunned by their verbal assault, so I just stammered, which made them laugh even more.

In a daze of humiliation and shame, I submitted to their verbal abuse. My acquiescence to their cruelty only seemed to egg them on. I don't know how much longer I was belittled and berated. They couldn't get enough of it, as I lost track of their words, so dazed by the shame, I saw them make the little dick symbol with their hands. The fat one grabbed my mouth, squeezing my jaw with his thick fingers, and said something about sucking cock, which woke me up.

"Leave me the fuck alone." I shot off as I suddenly tried to push past them. The taller one stepped in my way and smacked me across the face, hard. I saw stars and stumbled around.

"We're not done with you yet, prettyboy. Look at our big cocks and then look at your little dinkle. You know we're in charge." He had grabbed me by the shoulders, shaking me roughly. I then felt his big hand clamping on my neck as he bent it down.

"Look! Look at it. Look at what we have and what you'll never have, boy." If I wanted to, I could have fought him off, but somehow, this felt right. Some part of me knew that this was his right. I let him keep his hold on me, relaxing into his painful grip. Tears of humiliation blurred my vision as I obeyed, looking at their two big fact cocks and my little penis.

"Yeah, you know we're more man than you'll ever be. Don't you think it's right for you to show us some fucking respect, littledick?" They were both talking real close to my face, staring into my eyes. I nodded glumly, like a scolded child. I couldn't believe I was bare butt naked this close to two men. I knew how absurd this must look to a third-party, a big well built grown man with two out of shape old men in his face, collaring my neck and pushing into me. Bullying me and pushing me around like a wimp. All three of us stark naked.

"Yes Sir, I'm sorry Sir!" I let his hand push me down to the floor. I was kneeling, then the fat one kicked my back and knocked me down completely to my hands and knees.

"Kiss our fucking feet, boy!" My vision blinded by the running shower and my tears, I swallowed my pride once more and brought my lips to the older one's hairy foot. Above me, the fatter one lifted one heavy foot and brought it down hard on my back. I was now lying flat on my belly on the shower floor. 

"Come on, pucker up you faggot!" The brought their vile, fur-covered feet to my lips and I obediently kissed them again and again.

"Open your mouth!" The older one demanded and his friend immediately thrust the front of his foot past my lips.

"Make out with his fucking toes, you wimp!" I cried as I worked my tongue between his toes. The fat man moaned in pleasure. For the next couple of minutes they had me work their feet in silence. Kissing, licking and sucking their rough, hairy feet. Untrimmed toenails. It made me nauseous but the humiliation of it thrilled me for some reason. The abject shame of it, how pathetic I was being, excited me. Finally, the taller one grabbed my hair and led me out of the shower. 

"Open up your locker, bitch." I meekly complied and then the pushed me out of the way. Pacified, I allowed the two strangers to rifle through my stuff. Pockmark took my license out of my wallet and read it to me.

"Hmm, let's see. Peter E. Stevenson, born May 14 1982, resides at Bayridge Road. This thing should say your dick size on it, hahaha." He waggled his big, dark prick at me to taunt me as he said that.

"1982? By the time I was full grown and getting my dick wet day and night, you were just a tiny speck in your Daddy's balls!" The fat bald one slapped my bare ass for emphasis. 

"Rog, bring him to the sauna." The fat one grabbed my arm and neck, forcing my head down and led me away from my locker as pockmark continued to inspect my stuff. I saw him confiscate my watch and wallet before Rog pushed me through the sauna door.

"Ain't no one else here, boy. We got the whole place to ourselves, so we can really have some fun." He whispered lewdly in my ear. I felt his tongue on my ear lobe. He sat me down in the sauna and then pockmark returned, with my gym bag. Except for my shower shoes, I was naked, something I never did in the sauna. 

"Look at that, Petey wants to keep his pretty little feet clean. Give me those, you dumbass." Pockmark took both of my shower shoes and threw them under the benches.

"That's it, you need to be completely bareass in front of us, babydick." It was strange, we all sat in a circle, completely naked, as if we were friends, but I felt like I was on trial.

"We know who you are boy, You can't hide anything from us." They then began interrogating me about my life, my job, my social circle. I found myself telling them... everything. I gave all of my personal information up to my persecutors. Where I went to college, where I worked, where I had grown up and gone to high school, the sports I played, I told them about my father, my brother, my friends. The fatter one was holding his phone, recording all the personal information that I confessed. My boss's name, how much I made. My social security number, the pin # for my bank card, my email address and password. I shocked myself by how willingly I gave this all up, the shame of it running through my body like a fever. 

"Now, I'm gonna venture a guess. I bet most of your friends don't know how small you are. I bet they look up to you, good looking guy, successful, great body." The tall one had his arm around my shoulder, his face close to mine.

"You don't want them to know how small you really are, do you Petey?" The fat one asked me, an evil glint in his eyes. The tears came easier now, and crying, I shook my head.

"I mean, how would the guys at the office ever take you seriously again if they saw a picture of you with your tiny little penis bouncing around." The fat one spoke low, conspiratorially, like we were friends. Pockmark had a phone in his hand- my phone. I heard him snap a photo. 

"Although I guess you could always claim to be a 'grower and not a shower.' Get that little pecker hard, boy." I hesitated and Pockmark leaned forward, delivering a ring slap to the side of my head. Crying to myself, I jerked off impotently, jerked off my little dick as they hooted and laughed. 

"There were go. Damn thing barely grew at all. Now stand up and show it off." The nightmare photo shoot continued, and my vision was blurred through a hot stream of tears. 

"Work it, boy! Show us what you got." They put me in different ridiculous positions, legs spread wide, and I cringed each time I heard the phone click, capturing another photograph. 

"We'll give you something to cry about you little bitch. Hey, Rog, grab a razor. This bitch wants to trim his pubes, lets give him a real trim." 

Rifling again through my bag, Rog, the fat shorter one, grabbed a razor and shaving cream. He shot a large X across my torso, then rubbed it all in. He paid special attention to my chest and nipples. No woman had ever played with them before, in a moment both my nipples and little dick were rock hard. Roger imitated the weak little moans I couldn't hold in. He then wiped his hands off on my dress shirt in the bag, took a deep breath, and began.

Like an obedient child, I let the two old men shave off all of my body hair. From my already trimmed pubes, to my pits, what little grew on my chest. They even shaved my arms and my legs! I felt so exposed and strangely feminine. 

"Poor little Petey Stevenson, he never went through puberty." This both cracked them up into a new fit of cruel laughter. My body was bare, pink, the big empty space above my pecker was soft and smooth- I really did look like I had never gone through puberty. More photos were snapped.

"Pretty little boy, now he's as smooth as a baby boy." Rog rubbed the leftover shaving cream from my belly, kneading my stomach, then fondled my small genitals. His thick fingers ducked under my tight ball bag, shoved under my taint and found my tiny asshole. Suddenly, with surprising strength, Rog grabbed me under my shaven armpits and flipped me up over onto my knees, shoving my head down so my ass was up and cheeks spread obscenely.

"Hey Herb, I think we missed a spot." Tall, leering Herb responded with a low wolf whistle.

"Let me just take care of that for ya buddy." Roger whispered in my ear as he shaved the little ring of hair bearding my asshole. The slightly pleasurable scrape of the metal upon that secret, private part of my body made me quiver.

"Ohhh, she's hot for it Roger boy. I think I might skip the wimp's mouth and go straight for the heiney." 

"Oh yeah I, kid's gotta damn nice keister on him." Roger was still holding me in place, his heavy arms wrapped around my back and chest. He leered at me evilly, a big shit-eating grin on his face. 

"You're gonna get fucked, boy." He taunted me as I felt Herb's large hands spread my cheeks open. One finger breached my tight hole. I panicked. 

"Please, no. No I can't do this please." I struggled in Roger's arms, started to stand up, force him off me. The fat man tightened his grip around my body and whispered menacingly.

"Petey if you don't lay back down like a bitch and take my pal's big cock up your ass, Bob Carter is going to be asking you why the hell you sent him a video of you bare ass naked with a tiny little hard on." Bob Carter was my boss. I groaned in defeat and fell back into Roger's grasp. Herb chuckled triumphantly and began to spread some cool, wet liquid over my shamefully revealed hole.

He grabbed both of my butt cheeks, digging his nails in painfully, and I felt him big his bring cockhead to the gates of my ass. Roger was staring at me intently, his face right next to mine. 

"I wanna see the look on your face as he fucks you, Peter. I'm gonna watch your face as he takes away your manhood." He loosened his grip to film me with my phone. I gasped as Herb's cocked pushed its way into me.

"That's it, let him in boy." Roger encouraged as he held me up in his sweaty embrace. Inch by inch, the older man's cock bored into me. It hurt like hell, but I didn't' want to give the old bastards the satisfaction of my tears. Instead I grunted and pushed out, I had heard that was how you were supposed to take a cock up the ass. 

"Haha, he's a natural." Herb crowed as he forced his way into my ass, pulling me by my hips into his invading cock. Every part of my body was telling me to throw the men off of me and run, to reject the agonizing intruder from my hole, but these vile old men had me by the balls. If I resisted or fought back, they would expose me, ruin me. My career, my friends, my family, I would never be able to look them in my eye. This thought allowed me to justify surrendering to this, as pathetic as it was, to let myself be held in Roger's arms as another man's cock slowly drilled into my most private of places. 

He continued his painful progress, and my ass felt more full than it ever had before. Then I was shocked by the sensation of Herb's thick pubic bush against the small of my back, tickling me. He was all the way in.

"Feel that boy? Feel my pubes on your ass? Feel my balls? I'm balls deep, bitch boy." Herb slapped a butt cheek for emphasis, and began to thrust in and out of my ass with his huge dick. Roger laughed with glee, letting go of me and stepping back to better capture the scene for the phone's video. He then stood in front of me on the sauna bench, kneeling, presenting his big fat hairy cock to my face.

"Beg to suck my cock, Petey." He had me look in my phone's camera. 

"Please - please may I suck your cock, Sir?" I croaked out, panting from Herb's ravaging my ass. 

"Say your name and beg to suck my cock." I gulped and spoke.

"My name is Peter, please let me suck your cock." Roger's face screwed up in anger and he quickly slapped my face. My eyes welled up with fresh tears.

"Say your full name you stupid faggot. Beg us to fuck your ass and your mouth."' He barked.

"My - my name is Peter Edward Stevenson, please fuck my ass and fuck my mouth."

"Who are you, boy?" 

"Peter Edward Stevenson." 

"Say your name and tell us that you love getting butt-fucked." Herb cracked up laughing behind me and began to pound my ass with renewed gusto.

"I'm Peter Edward Stevenson and I loved getting butt-fucked!" My voice was syncopated from Herb's plowing me. 

"Again! Loud and proud!" 

"I'm Peter Edward Stevenson and I loved getting butt-fucked!" I shouted. 

"Say hi to your Dad, Petey."

"Hi Dad." I whimpered, my face red with shame. 

"Wish him a happy father's day." Roger demanded.

"Ha- happy Father's Day, Dad." Roger laughed evilly and plunged his cock down my throat. Herb leaned in, laying his heavy, hairy chest on my back, and bit the back of my neck. 

"Taking something you can never get back, boy. Taking away what makes you a man" He growled into my ear before chewing on it.

"Don't you know, faggot? Once you've had another man's cock in your ass, you can never be a man yourself." Roger concurred as he fucked my throat. 

And though I knew it wasn't true, that I didn't have a choice, it did feel like they were doing more than just having their way with me. It felt like they truly were stripping me of something, stripping me of something vital to my manhood.
