 My wife and I were finally getting together with my old friend Steve and his wife Carol. They had a second home in the Poconos and we decided to meet one weekend for some R & R.

We got there late Friday night and got acquainted again, then we hit the sack early. Saturday morning the wives decided to to into town and buy some food so Steve and I hung out at the house. 

I was admiring a painting hung on the wall when Steve approached and asked my how Louise, my wife, and I were doing. 

"Just fine" I said. "No problems at all."

Steve told me he rarely got sex from Carol these days. I said I was sorry to hear that. 

"I guess we have been married so long, it just was old hat to her these days", Steve told me.

I hadn't noticed but he was standing behind me with his hand on my shoulder. I turned around and we were face to face. There was a moment of awkward silence and then Steve got closer and kissed me, fully on the lips! 

I was shocked at the abruptness of it, but I didn't pull away. I felt his hand reach down and touch my cock through my pants. My arm went around his back and pulled him into me. He was then working desperately to get my belt loosened and my pants off. 

My cock was getting erect and I could feel his bulge pressing again my legs now. He quickly pulled my pants down to the floor. 

"Dan, I need this so badly," he said. 

He dropped to his knees and wrapped his fingers around my shaft and drew me into his mouth. My God, it felt so good! 

He took my cock right down to the root, then pulled back to the head. He flicked his tongue on the underside of my shaft, then worked his lips around my mushroom head. I was rock hard and this was getting crazy!

I asked Steve to slow down but he wouldn't do it. He sped up and was deep throating me. I was now fucking his face and he took my cock down his throat.

I then felt a finger slide up past my asscheeks. Oh Jesus, that felt so good! 

I wiggled my ass and felt him slip his finger in. He was working it into me as his mouth was sucking furiously. 

I knew I couldn't hold out much longer. 

I cried out, "Steve, I am going to cum!" 

He went all the way down on my rod and I blasted a hot load down his throat. I couldn't stop cumming and he never stopped drinking my load.

We collapsed on the floor, sweaty and breathing hard. I felt like someone had beat me up! After a few minutes we got to our feet. He told me to follow him, and we walked back to his bedroom. 

He pulled my shirt off me and had me lie down on the bed. I watched him strip off his shirt and pants. 

I forgot how big Steve was. His cock was seven inches in length, but it was the thickest cock I ever saw!

He got on top of me and started to kiss and fondle me. I could feel his huge member pressing against my belly, and pre-cum was oozing out of the tip.

I then did something totally unnatural for me. I wrapped my legs around his waist and I was urging him to get really close.

He said, "are you sure about this?"

I said, "please Steve, do it now before I change my mind." 

He reached for a tube of lubricant on the stand, and poured some onto his fingers. I felt the coldness of it as he placed it along my ass crack. I reached down and found his rigid pole and guided it to my hole. 

I lifted my legs and ass up and he swiftly pushed his meat in. Oh my God! The pain was intense, but he guided it in and I slowly became accustomed to his girth. 

"God, Fuck Me Steve, I need this!" I blurted out.

He proceed to ram my ass, never slowing up. I never felt a sensation like this before. I was so full of cock and I never wanted him to stop.

His balls were slapping against my asscheeks as he worked his thick rod into me. His hands were under my ass, pulling me into him. 

My arms and legs had him pulled tightly to my body. 

We must have fucked for what seemed like 30 minutes, when I felt his body tense up.

" I am going to cum Dan, I can't hold it back!" 

I felt a hot burst of seed flood my asshole, and he continued to pound me. I was using my ass muscles to milk every drop of him.

This must have gone on for almost another five minutes, when he finally slipped out of me. We were exhausted! 

Just then we heard the wives pulling up into the driveway! We hurried and got dressed and tried to get composed as possible. More happened later on, but that is a story for another time.