 When I think of dirty old men, I think of Ike Thomas and when I think about Ike I get a hard on that won’t quit. 

Sixty years ago,I worked in what was once my Grandfather’s Greenhouses. Gramps had died a year earlier and Grandma, now in her seventies had been forced to sell to the competition. I got a job with the new owners and mostly worked the range by myself. That summer, they hired a man to help me get the benches ready for the fall planting.

Ike always looked like he was three days from a shave and his whiskers were dirty white under the brim of his battered felt fedora.

He did nott chew tobacco but the corners of his mouth turned down in a way that, at any moment, I expected a trickle of thin, brown juice to creep down his chin. His bushy, brown eyebrows shaded pale, gray eyes.

Old Ike, he extended his hand, lifted his leg like a dog about to mark a bush and let go the loudest fart I ever heard. The old man winked at me. “Ike Thomas is the name and playing pecker’s my game.

I thought he said, “Checkers.” I was nineteen, green as grass. I said, “I was never much good at that game.”

“Now me,” said Ike, “I just love jumping men. . .”

“I’ll bet you do.”

“. . . and grabbing on to their peckers,” said Ike.

“I though we were talking about. . .”

“You like jumping old men’s peckers?”

I shook my head.

“I reckon we’ll have to remedy that.” Ike lifted his right leg and let go another tremendous fart. “He said, “We best be getting to work.”

That summer of1941 was a more innocent time. I learned most of the sex  I knew from those little eight pager cartoon booklets of comic-page characters going at it. Young men read them in the privacy of an outside john, played with themselves, by themselves and didn’t brag about it. Sometimes, we got off with a trusted friend and helped each other out.

Under the greenhouse glass, the temperature some times climbed over the hundred degree mark. I had worked stripped to the waist since April and was as browwn as a berry. On only his second day on the job and in the middle of August, Ike wore old fashioned overalls. Those and socks in his hightop work shoes was every stitch he wore. When he bent forward, the bib front billowed out and I could see the white curly hairs on his chest and belly.

“Me? I just love to eat pussy!”I ke licked his lips from corner to corner then stuck it out far enough that the tip could touch the tip of his nose. He said, A man’s not a man till he knows first hand, the flavor of a lady’s pussy.”

“People do that?”

He winked. “Of course the taste of a hard cock ain’t to be sneezed at neither. Now you answer me, yes or no. Does a man’s cock taste salty or not?”

“I never. . .”

“Well, old Ike’s willing to let you find out.”

“No way.”

“Just teasing,” said Ike. “But don’t give me no sass or I’ll show you my ass.” He winked. Might show it to you anyway, if you was to ask.”

“Why would I do that?”

“Curiousity, maybe. I’m guessing you never had a good piece of man ass.”

“I’m no queer.”

“Now don’t be getting judgemental. Enjoying what’s at hand ain’t beiing queer. It’s taking pleasure where you find it with anybody willing.” Ike slipped a handside the side slit of his overalls and I could tell he was fondling and straightening out his cock. Now I admit I got me a hole that satisfied a few guys.”

I swallowed, hard.

Ike winked. “Care to be asshole buddies?”

***

We worked steadily until noon. Ike drew a worn pocket watch from the bib pocket of his loose overalls and croaked, “Bean time. But first its time to reel out our limber hoses and make with the golden arches before lunch.”

I followed I ke to the end of the greenhouse where he stopped at the outside wall of the potting shed. He opened his fly, fished inside, and finger-hooked a soft white penis with a pouting foreskin puckered half an inch past the hidden head.

“Yes sir,” breathed Ike, “this old peter needs some draining.” He exhaled a sigh as a strong, yellow stream splattered against the boards and ran down to soak into the earthen floor.

He caught me looking down at him. He winked. “Like what you’re viewing, Boy?”

I looked away.

“You taking a serious interest in old Ike’s pecker?”

I shook my head. 

“Well you just haul out yourn and let old Ike return the compliment.”

Feeling trapped and really having to go, I fumbled at my fly, turned away slightly, withdrew my penis and strained to start.

“Take your time boy. Let it all hang out. Old Ike’s the first to admit that he likes looking at another man’s pecker.” He flicked away the last drop of urine and shook his limp penis vigorously.

I tried not to look interested.

“Yer sir, this old peepee feels so good out, I just might leave it out.” He turned to give me a better view.

“What if somebody walks in?”

Ike shrugged. He looked at my strong yellow stream beating against the boards and moved a step closer. “You got a nice one,boy.”

I glanccd over at him. His cock was definitely larger and beginning to stick straight out. I nodded toward his crotch. “Don’t you think you should put that away?”

“I got me strictly a parlor prick,” said Ike. “Barely measures six inches.” He grinned. “Of course it’s big enough around to make a mouthful.” He ran a thumb and forefinger along its length and drawing his foreskin back enough to expose the tip of the pink head. “Yersiree.” He grinned, revealing nicotine stained teeth. “I t sure feels good, letting the old boy breathe.”

I knew I should button up and move away. I watched his fingers moving up and down the thickening column.

“You like checking out this old man’s cock?”

I nodded. In spite of myself, my cock began to swell.

“Maybe we should have ourselves a little pecker pulling party.” I ke slid his fingers back and forth on his expandingshaft and winked. “I may be old but I’m not against doing some little pud pulling with a friend.”

I shook my head.

“Maybe I ‘ll give my balls some air. Would you like a viewing of old Ike’s hairy balls?”

I swallowed hard and moistened my dry lips.

He opened another button on his fly and pulled out his scrotum. “Good God, It feels good to set ‘em free. Now let’s see yours.”

“Why?”

“Just to show you’re neighborly,” said Ike. 

“I don’t think so.” I buttoned up and moved into the potting shed. 

Ike followed, his cock and balls protruding from the front of his overalls. “Overlook my informality.” Ike grinned. “As you can see I ain’t bashful.”

I nodded and took my sandwich from the brown paper bag.

“Yessir,” said Ike. “I just might have to have myself an old fashioned peter pulling all by my lonesome. He unhooked a shoulder strap and let his overalls drop around his ankles.

I took a bite of my sandwich but my eyes remained on Ike.

“Yessiree,” said Ike, “I got a good one if I do say so myself. Gets nearly as hard as when I was eighteen. You know why?” 

I shook my head.

“Cause I keep excerising him. When I was younger I was pulling on it three time a day. Still like to do him every day I can.”

“Some sayyou’ll go blind if you do that too much.”

“Bull-loney!” Don’t you believe that shit. I been puling my pud for close to fifty years and I didn’t start till I was fifteen.”

I laughed.

“You laughing at my little peter, boy?”

“Your hat.” I pointed to the soiled, brown fedora cocked on his head. That and his overalls draped about his ankles were his only items of apparel. In between was a chest full of gray curly hair, two hairy legs. Smack between them stood an erect, pale white cock with a tip of foreskin still hiding the head.

“I am one hairy S.O.B.,” said Ike.

“I laughed at you wearing nothing but a hat.”

“Covers up my bald spot,” said Ike. “I got more hair on my ass than I got on my head. Want to see?”

“Your head?”

“No, Boy, my hairy ass and around my tight, brown asshole.” He turned, reached back with both hands and parted his ass cheeks to reveal the small, puckered opening. “There it is, Boy, the entrance lots of good feelings. Tell me, Boy, how would you like to put it up old Ike’s ass?”

“I don’t think so.”

“That’d be the best damned piece you ever got.”

“We shouldn’t be talking like this.”

“C’mon now, confess, don’t this make your cock perk up a little bit?”

“I reckon,” I confessed.

“You ever seen an old man’s hard cock before,” asked Ike.

“My grandpa’s when I was twelve or thirteen.”

“How’d that come about?”

He was out in the barn and didn’t know I was around. He dropped his pants. It was real big he did things to it. He saw me and he turned around real fast but I saw it.”

“What did your grandpa do?”

“He said I shouldn’t be watching him doing that. He said something like grandma ‘wouldn’t give him some,’ that morning and that I should get out of there and leave a poor man in peace to do what he had to do.”

“Did you want to join him.”

“I might have if he’d asked. He didn’t.”

“I like showing off my cock,” said Ike. “A hard-on is somethng I always been proud of. A hard-on proves a man’s a man. Makes me feel like a man that can do things.” He looked up at me and winked. “You getting a hard-on fromall this talk, son?”

I nodded and looked away.

“Then maybe you should pull it out and show old Ike what you got.”

“We shouldn’t.”

“Hey. A man’s not a man till he jacked off with a buddy.”

I wanted to but I was as nervous as hell.

Ike grinned and fingered his pecker. “C’mon, Boy, between friends, a little cock showing is perfectly fine. Lets see what you got in the cock and balls department.”

In spite of my reluctance, I felt the stirring in my crotch. I had curiositythat needed satisfying. It had been a long, long time since I had walked in on my grandfather .

“C’mon let’s see it all.”

I shook my head.

“You can join the party anytime, said Ike. “Just drop your pants and pump away.”

I had the urge. There was a tingling in my crotch. My cock was definitely willing and I had a terrible need to ajust myself down there. But my timidity and the strangeness of it all held me back.

Hope you don’t mind if I play out this hand.” I ke grinned. “It feels like I got a winner.”

I stared at his gnarled hand sliding up and down that pale, white column and I could not look away. I wet my lips and shook my head.

Old Ike’s about to spout a geyser.” Ike breathed harder as he winked. “Now if I just had a long finger up my ass. You interested, boy?”

I shook my head.

The first, translucent, white glob crested the top of his cock and and arced to the dirt floor. Ike held his cock at the base with thumb and forefinger and tightened noticably with each throb of ejaculation until he was finished.

I could not believe any man could do what he had done in front of another human being.

Ike sighed with pleasure and licked his fingers. “A man ain’t a man till he’s tasted his own juices.”

He squatted, turned on the faucet and picked up the connected hose. He directed the water between his legs and on to his still dripping prick and milked the few remaing drops of white, sticky stuff into the puddle foming at his feet. “Cool water sure feels good on a cock that just shot its wad,” said Ike.

***

“Cock-tale telling time,” said Old Ike. It was the next day and he rubbed the front of his dirty,worn overalls where his bulge made the fly expand as his fingers smoothed the denim around the outline of his expanding cock.

I wasn’t sure what he had in mind but I knew it wasn’t something my straight-laced Grandma would approve of.

“Don’t you like taking your cock out and jacking it?” Ike licked his lips.

I shook my head in denial.

“Sure you do. A young man in his prime has got to be pulling his pud.”

I stared at his caloused hand moving over the growing bulge at his crotch.

“Like I said,” continued Ike, “I got me barely six inches when he’s standing up.” He winked at me. “How much you got, son?”

“Almost seven inches. . .” I stuttered. “Last time I measured.”

“And I’m betting it feels real good with your fist wrapped around it.”

“I don’t do. . .”

“Everybody does it.” He scratched his balls and said,”I’ll show you mine if you show me yours.” Then, looking me in the eye, he lifted his leg like a dog at a tree and let out a long, noisy fart.

Denying that I jacked off, I said, “I saw yours yesterday.”

“A man has got to take out his pecker every once in a while.” He winked and his fingers played with a button on his fly. Care to join me today?”

“I don’t think so.”

“What’s the matter, boy? You ashamed of what’s hanging ‘tween your skinny legs?”

“It’s not for showing off.”

“That would be so with a crowd of strangers but with a friend, in a friendly showdown, where’s the harm?

“It shouldn’t be shown to other people. My Grandma said that a long time ago when I went to the bathroom against a tree whan I was seven.

“There’s nothing like a joint pulling among friends to seal a friendship,” said Ike.

I don’t think so.” I felt very much, ill at ease.

“Then what the fuck is it for,” demanded the old man. “A good man shares his cock with his friends. How old are you boy?”

“Nineteen almost twenty.”

You ever fucked a woman?”

“No.”

“Ever fucked a man?”

“Of course not.

“Son, you ain’t never lived till you’ve fired your load up a man’s tight ass. “I didn’t know men did that to each other.”

“Men shove it up men’s asses men all the time. They just don’t talk about it like they do pussy.”

“You’ve done that?”

“I admit this old pecker’s been up a few manholes. More than a fewhard cocks have shagged this old ass over the years.” He shook his head, wistfully, “I still have a hankering for a hard one up the old dirt chute.”

“I think that would hurt.”

“First time, it usually does,” agreed I ke. He took a bite from his sandwich.

I looked at my watch. Ten minutes of our lunch hour had already passed.

“We got time for a quickie,” said Ike. “There’s no one around to say, stop, if were enjoying ourselves.” 

He unhooked the slide off the button of one shoulder-strap, pushed the bib of his overalls down to let them fall to his feet.

“Showtime,” said Ike. Between his legs, white and hairy, his semi-hard cock emerged from a tangled mass of brown and graypubic hair. The foreskin, still puckered beyond the head of the cock, extended downward forty-five degrees from the horizontal but was definitely on the rise.

I could only stare at the man. Until the day before, I had never seen an older man with an erection besides my grandpa.

Ike moved his fingers along the stalk of his manhood until the head partially emerged, purplish and broad. He removed his hand for a moment and it bobbled obscenely in the subdued light of the potting shed. Ike leaned back against a bin of clay pots like a model on display. “Like I said, boy, it gets the job done.”

I found it difficult not to watch. “You shouldn’t. . .” 

“C’mon, boy. Show Ike your peckeer. I’m betting it’s nice and hard.”

I grasped my belt and tugged on the open end. I slipped the waistband button and two more before pushing down my blue jeans and shorts down in one move. My cock bounced and slapped my belly as I straightened.”

“That’s a beaut.” Ike stroked his pale, white cock with the purplish-pink head shining. “I’m betting it’ll grow some more if you stroke it.”

“We really shouldn’t. . .”

“Now don’t tell me you never stroked your hard peter with a buddy.”

“I’ve done that,” I finally admitted,. “But he was the same age as me and it was a long time ago.” I though back to the last time Chuck and me jerked each other off in the loft of our old barn. Chuck wanted more as a going away present and we had sucked each other’s dicks a little bit.

“Jackin’s always better when you do it with somebody,” said Ike. “Then you can lend each other a helping hand.”

“I don’t know about that,” I said.

Ike’s hand continued moving on his old cock as he leaned over to inspect mine. “God Damn! Boy. That cock looks good enough to eat.” Ike licked his lips. “You ever had that baby sucked?”

I shook my head as I watched the old man stroke his hard, pale cock.

“Well boy, I’d sayyou’re packing a real mouthful for some lucky gal or guy.” He grinned. “Well c’mon. Let’s see you get down to some serious jacking. Old Ike’s way ahead of you.”

I wrapped my fist around my stiff cock and moved the foreskin up and over the head on the up stroke. On the down stroke the expanded corona of the angry, purple head stared obscenely at the naked old man.

Ike toyed with his modest six inches. “What do you think of this old man’s cock?” His fist rode down to his balls and a cockhead smaller than the barrel stared back at mine.

“I guess I’m thinking this is like doing it with my grandpa.”

“You ever wish you could a done this with your grandpa?”

“I thought about it a lot.”

“Ever see him with a hard-on.”

“I told you about that!”

“Ever think about him doing your grandma?”

“I can’t imagine her ever doing anything with a man.

“Take my word for it, sonny, we know she did it or you wouldn’t be here.” Begrudgingly I nodded in agreement.

“Everybody fucks,” said old Ike. “They fuck or they jack off.”

“If you say so.”

“Say sonny, your cocks getting real juicy with slickum. Want old I ke to lick some of it away?”

“You wouldn’t.”

Ike licked his lips as he kept his hand pistoning up and down his hard cock. “You might be surprised what old Ike might do if he was in the mood for a taste of what comes out of a hard cock.”

And that is what he proceded to do. He sucked me dry.

Then he erupted in half-a-dozen spurts shooting out and onto the dirt floor of the potting shed. He gave his cock a flip and shucked t back into his overalls. He unwrapped a sandwich from its wax paper and procede to eat without washing his hands. He took a bite and chewed. “Nothing like it boy, a good jacking clears the cobwebs from your crotch and gives a man an appetite.”

***

The following day, We skipped the peliminaries. We dropped our pants. Ike got down on his knees and sucked me until I was hard and good and wet before he stood and turned.

“C’mon boy, Shove that pretty cock up old I ke’s tight, brown hole and massage old Ike’s prostate.

Ike bent forward and gripped the edge of the potting bench. The lean, white cheeked buttocks parted slightly and exposed the dark brown, crinkly, puckered star of his asshole “Now you go slow and ease it along until you’ve got it all the way in,” he cautioned. “This old ass craves your young cock but it don’t want too much too soon. You’ve got to let this old hole stretch to accomodate you.”

“Are you sure you want to do this?”

“Easy boy, easy,” he cautioned. “You feel a lot bigger than you look. Put a little more spit in your cock.”

“It’s awfully tight. I don’t know if it’s going to go or not.”

“”It’ll go,” said Ike. “There’s been bigger boys than you up the old shit chute.”

I slipped in the the last few inches.. “It’s all in.”

“I can tell,” said Ike. “Your cock hairs are tickling my ass.”

“Are you ready,” I asked.

“How are you liking old Ike’s hairy asshole so far?”

“It’s real tight.”

“Tighter than your fist?”

“Might be.”

“Ready to throw a fuck into a man that reminds you of your grandpa.”

“I reckon.”

“I want you should do old Ike one more favor.”

“What?”

While you’re pumpin my ass, would you reach around and play with my dick like you would your own? Would you do that for an old man?”

I reached around and took hold of his hard cock sticking out straight in front of him. I pilled the skin back amd then pulled it up and over the expaded glans. I felt my own cock expand inside him as I manipulated his staff in my fingers. I imagined that my cock extended through him and I was playing with what came out the other side of him.

“C’mon, boy, ram that big cock up the old shitter and make me know it. God Damn! tickle that old prostate and make old Ike come!”
