 Well, after watching the movie of Susie and Robert the next couple of days were filled with nothing but pure orgy sex, day and night.  But now that Susie is heading back to work, I find that I'm most eager to have Robert to myself once again.  I've been missing our being together, just the two of us.

God, I've missed having that big beautiful cock all to myself.  I've become very selfish about his cock and don't want to have to share with his wife, or anybody, for that matter.

I keep telling myself that I'm not gay and that I don't really LOVE Robert, just enjoy having sex with him.  Now deep in my gut I'm starting to wonder about that.  All night I couldn't sleep, just thinking about getting Robert to myself today.  So as soon as Susie is out of the house on her way to work at 8:00 am, I can't wait another minute.  As soon as her car is out of sight down the street, I rush over and in through the garage into the house.  Robert is still lounging in his bed, awake but not up and dressed yet.  He seems to have been expecting me.

I'm so excited and horny that my legs are trembling as I walk into his bedroom and see him there on his bed with the covers kicked off.  Almost as though he was expecting and waiting for me.  His friendly knowing smile makes me so hot that I can't hold back even for a moment.  I drop my shorts so that we will both be totally naked, can enjoy each other's cocks fully.  

Robert's cock never fails to get hard immediately when he sees me, and mine isn't far behind.  Robert is just a handsome athletic guy even though he's just a few years younger than me, early 60's.  His balls are very large and there's just a light blonde fuzz around his cock and balls.  The shaft is long and not too thick, but the head is huge.  It's always so warm and tight when his foreskin is pulled back.  His skin has been stretched over and over until it's quite long and loose.  It slips back over his large cock head at the slightest touch and sometimes just from getting hard.  And when his pink head fills and turns purple I love to touch it with my fingers and just feel that smooth, silky skin. But then all I can think about is getting that beauty into my mouth and tasting my best friend.

Robert and I have learned that we both love to suck and lick cock and simply bury our faces into each others balls and ass.  We don't wash so carefully now.  It's wonderful to bury my face in his sack, lick down toward his fuzzy ass hole and smell the scent of his sweat, his manliness.  Up under his foreskin is the greatest sexiest smell and taste that I could ever imagine when he hasn't washed that area for a day or two.  And he likes my cock the same way.  Sometimes we get so hot that we just have to go down on each other at the same time.  Oh, God, the pleasure I feel when Robert starts to quiver, tremble and moan into my balls as I suck his lovely shaft deep into my throat and wrap my tongue all around that shaft as he starts pumping into my face and down my throat.

This morning we both are too hot to play around.  "God, Joe, I've been going crazy waiting until we could be alone together again."  Robert reaches for me and pulls me down into his bed on my back.  His hot and eager mouth seeks out my cock and takes it all in as we both let out a heavy breath and a deep moan.  "Wow, Man", says Robert into my balls "I've been so hungry for this piece of meat of yours.  I'm finding that it's my favorite , my hottest, my dearest thing in life.  Joe, I need this cock...I need YOU every day, all the time.  I don't know what's come over me, but I need to have you in my mouth and in my hands.  I need to have you fuck my ass deep and hard without stopping.  I need everything you give me, Joe.  And God knows, I'm as eager to give myself to you as I am to have you in me"  

I can't go on any longer, my cock explodes and sprays my hot cum into Robert's wet hot mouth.  I can't help letting out a loud animal-like yell.  It sounds aboriginal, primitive, and makes me shiver at the sound of my own voice.  Robert's whole body goes still and then shudders violently as he moans loudly and his cum now sprays out all over me.  Oh the sweet taste and smells.  The deep gut feeling of release and ultimate pleasure!

Now it's so sweet to lie here and gently hold Robert in my hands and just enjoy the pleasure of having his cock here beside me.  It's nice and soft now and I love to play with it when it's soft and curled around on his tummy or lying down between his legs.  Already my cock twitches as I start thinking about how much I love this cock....and, oh my God, this man!  How can I love a man this way?  I don't know but I do know that I can't bear the thought of ever being without this dear friend and his beautiful fucking cock.  

I don't know or even pretend to understand all these terms such as gay, bi,love, etc.  I only know that in the last few weeks I have come to care for this man, Robert, with all my heart. I know I'd do anything, yes anything, to make Robert happy.  And I know he feels the same way about me.  "Tis better to give than to receive" is certainly true in our case.  

My Old Hunger is truly sated now with this man, this friend, this lover, Robert.