 Last sentence # 8...as I'm about to doze off...

"I woke up a couple of hours later. Relaxed and satisfied. As I lay there I remembered back to several days earlier when Fred, rang my doorbell. He said we should come to a permanent decision about our future. He had made a decision and I had made a decision about us—couple of old guys getting it on. So I guess we don't need an in depth discussion. Our destiny is planned. But,it would still be nice to find out about the wife. I still find it strange that she leaves him alone so often. Especially after working hours and on week-ends. It would be nice if there were some possibilities. Threesome, foursome more some? That is a discussion to have with Fred. I wonder how in depth that would be? He did say he wanted to talk and show me something. 

Well, the rest of Saturday went by and Sunday also. No, Fred, no talk, no showing of what ever. Actually it was a nice recuperative day and a half. Sunday morning I did get in a little nipple play and some light stroking. Just to see if the old stem would rise. Felt good. The nipple play works wonders. Monday morning I had an early appointment (9 am.) with my lawyer. Afterward I stopped for a sandwich and beer. Then headed for home. As I pull into the driveway, I spy Fred sitting on the front porch. He's sitting there with a plastic bag and dressed only in shorts"

"Mack, it's sure nice to see you finally home. Sorry about not being around. I had some family problems to deal with. The wife moved out and said she wants a separation. No, explanation, just packed a bag and split. I really think she has something going on the side. She was really calm,no yelling, no swearing, no blaming or accusations. I actually think I'll enjoy my new freedom. Especially when it comes to us. Now I can come and go as I please and so can you. My place, your place, where ever we please. We can smoke cigars, drink beer, play cribbage, go fishing, play golf. What ever we want to do, if you get my drift. I could stand a beer and maybe even a shot right about now and I'll do show and tell like I said a couple of days ago."

I go in the house and come back with two Bud's and two shots of Kesslers. "I'm sorry to hear about your troubles but it doesn't sound like your upset with the situation. I suppose doing what ever we want when and where we want will bring satisfaction to both of us for a while. How long that satisfaction lasts will have to be seen. I'm not being unappreciative of your apparent happiness. Just trying to be realistic about how I feel about our future. I absolutely like having you nibble and lick my nipples. Slowly and softly stroke my cock. Tongue, lick and suck my cock. I like to cum in your wet, warm mouth. I even like playing with your little three inch hard dick and feeling it cum. But, at this time I don't believe I'll suck your cock again. In the back of my mind, it just makes me think I'm gay. As I've told you before, I still like, or at least think about tits and pussy. But also realize that at my age it's most likely out of the question. Unless I pay for a hooker. Any females that might be interested are probably close to my age with the same wrinkles I have and with sagging tits and probably a dried up pussy. I also know that I told you we were going to be a couple of old guys having sex. So, maybe I'm bisexual and maybe I just have to accept that and continue with our relationship and be happy. I do believe we have to expand our relationship and get out and about more often."

"I agree and understand everything you've said. It's not like we look like a couple of swishes or sissy boys. Now let me tell you about my trip to Nashville and my visit to the Hustler store. Maybe this will take your mind off pussy and tits."

With that he picks up the bag and reaches inside.

"While I was in Nashville, I kept thinking about our shower get together. How nice it felt with you playing with my nipples and your ever hardening cock in my ass crack. So,I did a little shopping. I've been thinking about our/my future and bought some items with the clerks recommendations. He also referred me to the baby's are us store. First, astroglide is suppose to be one of the best lubes, two bottles, to start with. Second, Titan anal training tool. A small butt plug to get me started. Third, Tush trainer anal vibrator', which is battery operated. I truly believe that I want to feel that beautiful cock of yours sliding slowly into my ass. I want to feel the pulsations when you cum. But, I do believe some prior training is needed. I thought I would start with the Titan and hopefully learn to keep it inserted for a whole day or several days. Then when we are together, you could use the anal explorer kit. This could take a while before I feel ready for that beautiful,massive, cum shooting cock of yours. While I spend time training with the butt plug I thought I'd also use these nipple cups and this breast pump purchased at -babies r us. So, what are your thoughts about my trip and shopping spree? Do you think any of this could in any way take your mind off of female tits and pussy?" 

to be continued...