 last sentence of chapter 10...and try to keep from laughing..

Late the next afternoon the phone rings.

"Hello." It's Fred.

"Hey Mack.How's it hanging. Bet you laughed your ass off yesterday watching me walk home."

" It was difficult not to at least chuckle", I said.

"Well I spent the rest of the day and part of the night sitting in front of the computer. I did do some walking around. The only unusual event was during the night when I had to go whiz. Walking to the bathroom I realized the butt plug wasn't in place. When I went back to the bed it was laying on the sheet. It looked kinda grody. After doing the internet searches I now realize how important the the enema's will become prior to any anal sex. I think I'll go to the drug store and get an enema kit and an enema bulb syringe. I could use the bulb syringe prior to butt plug use and the enema kit prior to sex. I'm beginning to wonder, with all these things in my ass, if I'll ever desire your cock?"

"Well that's your decision. Maybe just to start I could use a finger or two and see how you like that situation?"

"Sounds like it might be an option. I do think you should be the one to use and control the anal vibrator. I'm gonna go to the drug store now and I'll be over when I get back."

After hanging up the phone, I push back the recliner and closed my eyes. Softly with both hands I begin to stroke my nipples. Eventually with just one hand and the other hand lightly stroking my cock. Trying to imagine my hard lubed stiffie slowly entering Fred's tight virgin ass. At first just the tip, an inch or so. Then ever so slowly inch by inch until complete insertion. Imagining him doing kegels and it feeling like a hand or pussy intermittently gripping my cock. My nipples are hard. I have to stop stroking my cock or I'll shoot my load. I milk it twice and pre-cum emerges. Ah, what the hell. I spit in my hand and rub the head of my cock and the pre-cum. Once, twice and the third time, I explode. I grab the shaft gripping and releasing several times. Imaging it's Fred's ass cunt doing kegels to my cock. Oh, this is going to be sooo good. It's shower time.

About an hour later the doorbell chimes. It's Fred and he's got another bag. I let him in and go grab a couple of beers. He's dressed only in shorts and I finally notice he has the nipple cups on his tits.

"These have to come off, Fred says. Only supposed to wear them for about fifteen minutes at a time."

"Do they hurt," I said.

" At first, he said. I've had them on and off about four times. The nipples feel great after you remove them and then lightly massage the nipples. I've been imagining doing that to your nipples while my cock is in your ass crack. My nipples and cock were never so hard and I almost shot my load. Have you tried the nipple cups?"

"I have and I know what you mean about how your nipples feel after being removed. But,it seems to me that you are starting to obsess about my ass. What's in this bag?"

"Well I guess I'm starting to obsess about both our asses. I'm really getting use to the butt plug. I've even used the enema kit and the bulb syringe. So I'm really clean. I was thinking about your suggestion of a finger or two.The bag holds some Nair, Venus razors and moisturizing lotion. I was thinking it might be a nice addition if we were smooth."

"How smooth?" I said.

"I guess that's up to each of us. I'm sure I want tits,cock,balls and ass. I believe it would be more sensual for us both. I might feel more like a smooth, soft silky female. Except for the cock and balls. Maybe you could pretend I'm a pre-op transsexual?"

"Oh, wow!! That's something I've always dreamed about. It would be nice, especially if your tits got a little bit bigger. Something to hold onto while I slowly slide my cock into your ass pussy."

"Shall we hit the shower together or do you want to do it separately? We can take turns doing each other and/or doing ourselves."

"Lets go, before one of us changes their minds. I need a shower anyways."

We finish the beers, head to the bathroom, strip and get in the shower. With my nipples and breasts as smooth as possible, Fred is standing behind me lightly stroking and pinching. He cuddles in close and I feel his little stiffie in my ass crack. He starts moving up and down my crack and moaning.

"Oh, it feels so good", he says.

"Ya, but it better not go in," I said.

Fred sigh's, turns me around and hugs me close. Another five minutes and we're both as smooth as we want to be especially, Fred. All over except for his arm pits. After toweling off Fred says, "lets get to the bed."

"This might take some doing on your part as just before you got here I jacked-off. I was playing with my nipples,touching my cock and imagining your virgin ass."

"Hopefully it won't be virgin much longer." Fred said.

to be continued...