 I tasted his pre-cum...continued

"on the back of my tongue and swallowed. That's all it took for him to shoot another load. Pushing and holding my head into his balls, he shot down my throat. It wasn't a huge load,as he had recently cum. A blessing for me as it was my first as it was my first cock sucking cum shot. He jerked my head up off his cock. I gasped for breath as my nose had been stuffed into his balls and because he had my cock in his mouth down to my balls. He was moaning, groaning and suckling. I, milked his cock and licked the small drop of after cum. He took my cock out of his mouth.

"Mack, that was my first blow-job! I do believe I want more. It was fantastic. Now I understand why you get so vocal when you cum. If your cock wasn't in my mouth I would have been shouting. I want that feeling again, but if you don't want to I understand. It's enough if you just jack me off. My most pleasure comes from servicing your cock, your wants and needs. I've never cum like that even the few times I've fucked my wife. I'm sorry I haven't got you off yet but, I need to recuperate. "

"He's lightly running his fingers over my chest. Almost down to my cock and around my stiffing nipples. My cock grows hard again."

" Mack, I have to go to Nashville tonight but, I'll be back late tomorrow. Maybe, we can get together Saturday. Maybe, I can make your cock become hard like it is now. I hope you don't get it off while I'm gone. See ya in a couple of days."

"With that said Fred, gets up dresses, pats my ever shrinking cock and leaves. Oh man, I need a couple of days to recoup and think about what I just did. Sucking a cock? The last time? Talk about soul searching? Confusion, wild thoughts, crazy ideas. I love cumming and he makes me cum. I don't mind making him cum by hand but by mouth? OK, Mack, you sucked a cock. Twice. Big, f'ing deal. Am I gay, is Fred gay? That's for someone else to decide. As far as I'm concerned, as I said before, we're just 2 old-guys getting their rocks off. Convenient, easier than trying to find a female? Spend time, money energy and come home with nothing but blue balls. That sucks, but nothing like Fred, does! OK, we're going to be friends with benefits. But, I'm not sure how I will benefit, Fred. Guess I'll wait and see when he gets back. I guess this can go on forever. I guess I won't waste my time looking for tits and pussy. I guess I'm going to have cock and balls in my life forever. It is satisfying. But, forbidden? Can't tell anyone. No, casual conversation at the local bar. 'Hey guess what?' It would be nice to talk about it with someone. Maybe, it would calm some of my anxiety. But who?? I could go to a web site and discuss the relationship anonymously? Gay,fag,cocksucker,bi-sexual dot com? Maybe I should just end the relationship? So many questions,so much anxiety. If I let this really bother me I'll never get another hard-on. Why not just end the relationship? Will this go on forever? There's no real companionship,no titty, no pussy. Just cumming, my cock being satisfied. Ah, why not accept the situation, relax, enjoy and live. Accept the sex? Accept that we don't do any "guy" things together. Just gay things. We've never really socialized. Maybe all he really wants is sex? I guess at some point we should have an in-depth discussion. But, cocks always seem to get in the way. Maybe I should host a dinner and include the wife. Really get to know the both of them. Dam, it sure would be nice to find out it could become a threesome. Some titty, some pussy? Even if it was just to look at and not even touch. He's told me they don't have sex. Maybe she's looking for something else? WOW! What if she's into other women? She does leave him home alone a lot. Even after working hours and on weekends. I could do a cocktail happy hour for five people. Loosen some inhibitions and maybe some tongues. Who knows where my cock would end up? Oh well, it's a moot point until Fred and I have the in-depth discussion. When will that happen? After all he's out of town until?

To be continued...