 last sentence chapter 11..hopefully it won't be virgin long..

After applying the moisturizing lotion,we got onto the bed laying on our backs. We both started lightly touching our own body's. My cock, balls and chest felt so good that I started to get a hard-on. Fred, was making these kinda mewing,murmuring sounds. I glanced over at him and saw his tiny three inch cock standing up like a flag pole.

We lay on our backs gently fondling each others cocks. His balls and hard three inch cock filled my hand. My cock was tumescent and oozing a little pre-cum.

"Turn over on your right side, Fred."

I turned also and nuzzled my cock into his ass crack. Reaching around him I started to lightly and slowly run my finger tips over and around his chest. He moaned softly and arched his back when my fingers found his nipples and pinched them.

"Harder," Fred moaned, and cried out in exultation. "Oh my god!"

I twisted the nipples until Fred was panting and whimpering, and then let go. 

I pushed a finger into Fred's mouth, then slipped the same hand down and squeezed his smooth ass. My wet finger strayed to the velvety, puckered little hole and ran small circles around it's edge. Fred drew in a ragged breath and pressed himself closer, his hips thrusting back and forth erratically.

"Do it," Fred begged softly, as I nibbled his neck and ear. "Please..."

I pressed my finger gently into Fred's opening. Fred inhaled sharply in shock as I breached the ring of muscle, and pushed all the way up to my last knuckle. 

"Oh my god!" Fred moaned. "Please, no, stop. It feels like I wanna cum!

Lets wait a minute and relax."

"I think maybe some lube might be useful right about now. I said."

I took the bottle of astroglide and squirted about an ounce into my hand. I smeared it inside his ass cheeks and into his slightly loosened asshole. Squirting some more onto my fingers I quickly shove two fingers this time into his virgin ass, clear up to the last knuckles.

"Ah!,Mack. Don't do anything, don't move even a little, Fred said. I'll cum if you even wiggle those fingers."

Both of us relaxed and caught our breath. Our hard-on's started to wilt. After a couple of minutes Fred started moving back and forth into my fingers.

"Take your fingers out, Mack. Lets see how hard you are, I think I'm ready to be fucked."

Fred reached back and grabbed a hold of my shrunken cock..

" Oh, shit Mack. It doesn't feel like you want any of my hot virgin ass."

I wanted to laugh. "well I think you should do something about the situation" I said.

Fred turned over, scooted down the bed and took my whole cock into his mouth. While fondling my balls, he started a sucking swallowing sequence of motions that quickly hardened my cock to peek perfection.

"Fred turn over on your side and bend your knees." I starting kissing the back of his neck, and I felt shivers of delight, what's going to happen is so sexy. I pulled him back against my hot skin. I reached around and grasp his erection pressing myself against his butt cheeks. I started stroking his cock, it felt good, with my hand on his pre-cum slicked and drooling mushroom head.

"Now, Mack, I think I'm ready" Fred said.

Fred got on all fours, and I felt a surge of lust and emotion swirl through my head as his voice urged, "Yes, do it, yeah, you want it, you know you do." "Spread 'em," he grunted, "open them wide for your cock, baby. I'm ready?"

I feel the cool touch of lube on his ass crack, my fingers rubbing his rosebud, damn, damn, am I really doing this, Ooh, that feels, so good. I then rubbed my cock up and down his slit, over and over, teasing him and exciting me. I shivered each time I brushed against his hole and he started pushing back with his ass. His body telling me yes, yes, YES, and then he started whispering "Take it, take it." With my cock head I slowly start entering his virgin hole. "Relax let me fuck you, it'll feel so good. Take it like the gurley man you wannabe," I said.

I slowly went in and out of his tight, grasping ass. "More!", Fred pleaded. My cock slammed into his slick opening over and over, almost teasingly brushing his prostate with each thrust. He had to brace himself against the headboard to stop himself from slamming into it. The springs in the bed squeaked in a rhythmic protest, matching every one of my plunges. Suddenly Fred was crying out wordlessly with each thrust. I had found the sweet spot.

"I'm cumming, Mack, oh fuck!"

Fred bucked his hips and his semen pulsed into the sheets under his stomach. 

I shot my load at the same time with a satisfied growl.

"Fuck, man...",I said. I tried to relax and then gently pulled myself out and kissed the back of Fred's neck. 

I flipped onto my back and pulled Fred, who was panting and sweating, down on top of me. 

"One more time," he pled in between breaths. 

Fred rolled off and laid back on the bed to cool off. Then he pressed himself into the curve of my body, and I idly ran my fingers up and down his back and smooth ass. 

"Oh, Mack that was fantastic. I so enjoyed our first time. I wanted it, I wanted you inside me taking my body, giving us both pleasure. I hope next time I can relax more. I hope you enjoyed it too."

to be continued.