 "Oh, man! That was great! It felt so good when you did the kegel's right before I started to cum" I said.

"Yes,I was trying to squeeze out my last drops of cum. You kept hitting my prostate and it felt wonderful. Sorry abut all the yelling."

"Fred, no need to be sorry. I haven't heard anyone yelling my name over and over in fifty years or more. It was good and I don't think I've ever had a more explosive orgasm. But, it wasn't the same as what you can do with your mouth. It's almost as if you were born to be a cock sucker."

"Well, thanks for the compliment. I now know I was born for cock" Fred said.

"Just any cock?" I said.

"My first was an eye opening experience that was a long time ago. My second, you will always be in my mind and heart forever. But since you've asked. I have found an interesting web site and you need to come down and check it out. I don't understand why you don't have a computer. It's amazing the things you can find. Hell,I found all about the enema's, anal tools, lube and nipple cups. The one site I found is for guys into male to male sex. Older for older, older for younger, younger for older. Tops, bottoms, cross dressers, oral versatiles, subs and dom's. The surprising find was that within a twenty-five mile radius of us, there are at least eighteen guys our age that are into the same things in which you and I participate. I even paid $15 for a ninety day membership. It allows us to see pictures on each profile, if they have any and see who has viewed your profile. There are a few that are still married but apparently like me not getting any at home. Most are like you, widowed."

"So, I'm not enough for you? You want to find someone else? My cock doesn't satisfy you?" I said. 

"No! I just thought it would be interesting to see what,who was out there and what they might want or be willing to do? This could be a great opportunity to make some new friends. Friends with benefits. That's a phrase used often on the site. We don't have to do anything or anyone unless we both agree. We could see if any of the ones we find interesting would attend a naked party at my place. I think a naked party would be up front enough to weed out the non serious participants. Depending on how many are interested, we might have to hold a couple of party's. Why, don't you come down later? I'll fix us dinner and we can check out the web site."

"I'll think about it, I said. But first, I need a shower."

" Well, I need one also. So come on down and we'll take one together and get a shave. Bring your nipple cups."

Fred got up put on his shorts and said,"I'm taking my non virgin ass home and I'll see you later?"

"Maybe." I said.

Fred, smiled at me and said, "Ah, come on Mack aren't you even a little bit curious about the life style? I know I am. It will always be you and I together. But, maybe another sucker, another ass cunt could be interesting. Think about it and I hope I see you later for that shower, shave and dinner."

With that said Fred picked up his bag, groped my cock, kissed me on the cheek and left. I lay in bed for probably a half an hour thinking about what he's said. I guess it couldn't hurt to see this web site and I do need a shower, shave and dinner. The naked party is intriguing. I could see me sitting around watching one or two other guys and what they might be into with each other. Mutual jack-off, mutual sucking maybe some ass fucking. Sit there naked with my legs spread and see if anyone other than Fred has an interest? Ah, what the hell, it's worth a shot. Shorts on, nipple cups in hand and I head for Fred's. 

He's sitting on the front porch naked with his nipple cups on and has a beer.

"Mack, I'm so happy you decided to come down, want a beer? Did you bring your nipple cups?:

"Yes, to both. I said"

Fred comes back and hands me a beer. I hand him my nipple cups. He leans down and lightly massages my breasts. Tweaks the nipples a few times and then licks each nipple. One by one he attaches the nipple cups. He stands back as if to admire his work and slowly massages his cock and balls with one hand and his tits with the other.

"You have such sweet nipples and I love to lick and nibble them. It will be so nice when they get bigger. Oh, my cock is getting harder. It's so nice that we live in the boonies and we can be naked almost anytime we want. Touch me,feel my unshaved cock and balls."

I reach out and cup his tiny but hard cock and balls. I squeeze and release them several times. Fred, is saying "yes, yes." As I slowly stroke him. I milk his cock and pre-cum appears on the tip. I lean forward and lightly lick the pearly drops....

 to be continued...