 ...he's out of town until...

"Late Saturday evening while out getting the mail,Fred, drove by honked and waved. He's back!! Well whats going to be up? Maybe me soon? Nope, quiet evening and night. Sunday,I decided to scrub and power wash the house. Got everything all set up, ready to go about 10 a.m. I, hear footsteps and Fred, says..

"need a helping hand or mouth? It would go quicker with the 2 of us together. Unless you want to take your time, like when the 2 of us are together?"

No, lets get this done a.s.a.p. It's going to be hot and sweaty here eventually. With the 2 of us it should take a lot less time than when I do it by myself. You want to use the brush or the power washer?"

I know what I'd like to power wash but give me the wand. The power wash wand, for now."

"We're done in almost 2 hours, with everything put away. Dirty, sweaty and a little exhausted from working so quickly. Oh, man a cold beer, a cigar and nice a shower would be great. But, in what order? Lets sit on the shady porch, have a beer and relax." 

"Sounds good to me,and then the shower? Together? The wife is gone and I'm in no hurry to go home. Maybe the other wands will get cleaned and used? What do you think, Mack?"

"Alone or together?"

Oh, no question Mack, together."

We, go into the house and head for the bathroom. I grab some towels and strip. Fred strips and we get into the shower together. We,let the water run over our bodies a few minutes. I grab the bar of soap and lather my hands and my body. Fred, turns his back to me and I rub the soap on his back. I put my arms around him and begin to lather his chest. My soapy cock presses against his ass. My hands slip down to his crotch and come to rest on his cock and balls. I wrap my hands around his cock. In spite of myself I was getting a nice hard-on. I could feel my hardening dick between his ass cheeks. My soapy hands slid up and down his slippery shaft. He pushed back against me and I felt my cock slip further between his ass cheeks. I almost shot my load. I gave his cock a firm squeeze. He moved forward, so my cock slipped from his ass cheeks. He turned to face me."

"You wanted to put that beauty in my ass, didn't you,Mack? I almost wanted you to do it also. All soapy, it probably would have slid in there real easily. But, I don't think I'm ready for that,yet. My cock and balls feel and fit nicely in your hand and I'm going to kiss you."

"He, pulled my face closer to his and gently kissed me on the lips. He put his arms around me and hugged me closer. The tip of his tongue pushed against my lips. I dropped his cock and put my arms around him. Fred, and I ground our cocks against each other as we kissed. Fred, pulled back from our embrace."

"Lets go to bed."

"OK. We quickly rinsed the soap and shut the shower off. Fred, stepped out and handed me a towel and grabbed one for himself. My hard-on was slowly wilting but I glanced at Fred, and he was hard as a rock. We lay diagonally across the bed. We were on our sides facing each other. Fred's cock was inches from my face. I was nervous and a little scared about what I was going to do. But, I was excited also. I felt Fred's hand on my cock so I cupped his balls and then wrapped my hand around his cock. I thought about the first blow job that I sort of accidentally gave him. I smiled as I remembered all the ones I had received from him. I'd learned what I liked and what turned me on. I lifted Fred's cock to my lips, slid back his foreskin and fully exposed his cock head. There was a drop of pre-cum in the pee hole. I extended my tongue and licked his cock-head clean. The pre-cum wasn't salty or bitter. I pushed his cock-head against my lips and then ran my tongue over and around the fleshy plum. I paused as I felt Fred's lips slip down over my cock-head. He gently squeezed my balls as I took his cock into my mouth. When my lips slipped over the ridge of his cock-head, I stopped to savor my third taste of cock. I ran my tongue around, then pushed farther down his cock shaft. Closing my lips tightly around the shaft helped me to form a suction. I pulled my mouth up his shaft and took his cock out of my mouth. I used my tongue and saliva to lubricate him all the way down to his balls. I felt him sucking my cock so delicately. Once I got his cock back in my mouth I set up a steady rhythm. I'd slide my lips up and down his saliva wet shaft five or six times. Then I would flick my tongue over his cock head. Or I would run the tip of my tongue around the sensitive line where the cock-head and shaft join together. I was tapping the tip of my tongue against the sensitive vee spot on the under side of the crown. Fred, stopped sucking me and rolled onto his back."

'"Migawd, that feels so good, Mack."

"I smiled as I took his hard cock back into my mouth. I thought I must be doing OK and I must be giving a pretty good blow-job. It didn't take long for Fred,to announce he was cumming. I felt his cock grow more rigid and his ball sack tighten . I held him as he shot his load into my mouth. After milking out the last drops of cum, I lay back on the bed."

"That was good, Mack."

"I'm glad that I was able to do something that you liked."

"Hey, that was a compliment."

"I thought I was blowing you with a blow-job that was almost as good as one of yours."

You sure were. Why don't you sit in that chair over there and I'll finish you."

"I moved to the chair and Fred, got down on his knees between my legs. After he sucked each nut a few times and licked his way up and down my cock shaft. He quickly sucked and pumped a large load up from my nuts, swallowed and said 'thank you.' All I wanted to do was curl up on the bed and take a nap. Exhausted, satisfied and happy. He took my hand,stood me up, milked and licked the last drops of cum and led me to the bed"

"Lay here a while my man. Rest and enjoy what was one of my best experiences during and after the shower. I need to get home for a while but I will come back. I have a few things I want to tell you about and show you from my Nashville trip."

"I'm about to doze off but I hear what he says and kinda nod and say hmm."

to be continued..