 last sentence, chapter 17..exhausted I fall back to sleep..

I, feel my body being nudged and realize I've been asleep. Waking-up I feel Fred beside me bumping me with his shoulder. "Sorry, I was so relaxed that I dozed back to sleep," I said.

"That's OK. I'm glad your comfortable enough with us that you could. I, thought I'd come over and apologize for yesterday. It wasn't that early but you were still asleep. I watched you for about a minute and realized you were having a sexual dream. I could see your hand under the sheet massaging your cock. So I thought I'd try to maybe help you make your dream come true. Did I suck cede?"

I had to think about how to respond. "Well, you did make me cum, but that was only one part of my dream that I can remember," I said.

"Well, I still want to apologize for my selfish e-mail's. I was so excited about the two profiles we saw, especially Jackie gurl. But, I could see myself with your schlong also. I believe we could both have some good times with either one. Unless your not interested?"

"Fred, how long have you desired male on male sex? Why don't you admit your gay? Was your marriage just a sham? Did the wife find out and that's why she left? So, whats your deal?"

"Mack, I have to confess that from the moment of my first experience I knew I wanted male sex. Am I gay? I guess so, as that's when I'm most comfortable and happy. But, how do you tell your family, friends, who ever, that you want to suck cock and be fucked. Sure I married, sure I fucked my wife, it was expected. Fortunately it wasn't required that often. Did the wife know? No, she left because, I believe, she's a lesbian and I was a cover."

"When I came over to your house that eventful day and saw you almost naked, your perky nipples,and slim body, my heart was full of hope. When you allowed me to lick your nipples and grope your cock and didn't deck me, I thought I was in heaven. My mouth was watering and my heart was pounding. I wanted to see how far you would let me go?. Pulling your shorts down and seeing your cock, I knew my life could change forever. Knowing you are widowed and never mentioned a girl friend, I'm not caring if your straight, gay or bi. Just as long as you let me suck your cock. When I went down on my knees and put your cock in my mouth and hoping to taste your cum it convinced me of my destiny."

"You've asked me several times if just you and I aren't enough? Yes! We are and what we have is satisfying and I treasure our friendship the most. I don't want to lose you because of bringing another person into our relationship. But, aren't you even a little curious or excited about the possibilities of at least Jackie gurl or your schlong?"

Listening to him talk, I realize how vulnerable he is right at this moment. Have I been to harsh with him? He wants friendship and so do I. He wants male sex and I'm a male. I sure ain't getting any pussy and probably never will at my age. So, why not? He loves sucking cock. Which most women won't do and he likes to be fucked which some women will do on occasion. I guess it's a no brain er.

"Listen Fred, I understand everything you've said . It just bothers me a little that our situation seems like it makes me gay also and I've never thought of myself that way. I, know I've sucked your cock and I suppose that makes me gay but I just think it was spur of the moment reaction."

"Mack, I see your point. But, what difference does it make who your with as long as you get to cum. Either by being sucked or fucking. With you, it's mainly about your satisfaction. I don't mean that your selfish. I was overwhelmed by the fact you have sucked my cock but although it's great, it's not necessary. I love it when you stand behind me and lightly touch my body all over and snuggle your cock in my ass crack. I, know that soon I'll fulfill my desire of making you satisfied."

"I do love cumming. It's the greatest feeling I know," I said.

" I know, Mack. I can tell just from the things you say and how you act before it happens. I love knowing I can make you feel that way. I want to continue making you have those feelings. So, whats it going to be in regards to our relationship? Just friends or friends with benefits? Before you answer, let me tell you that I've heard from Jackie gurl. She/he sent a brief e-mail and wants further contact thru a phone conversation and sent a phone number. We could do it from my place, using the speakerphone?"

"Lets do it and later I'll tell you more about my dream," I said.

To be continued..