 Old man discovers..Chapter 21

Last sentence chapter 20..O.M.G., my imagination is wonderful and so is my erect cock.

*

Imagination isn't the same as the real thing. Haven't heard from the real thing and it's been three days. Fred hasn't heard either and says he's called every day. I haven't pestered Jackie Gurl with any calls. Fred say's he's heard from Your Schlong and the guy is anxious for a get together. It's going on five days since I've cum. Maybe it's time to see what could develop in a three-way. I could feel better with two guys taking turns on my cock. I wonder if they would flip a coin to see who gets to swallow the load. I could envision me being sucked while the sucker is being fucked. Interesting to see who cums first.

I haven't been to Fred's' and he hasn't been here either. I really do think he's still pissed about the telephone number deal. Maybe I should put on some flimsy shorts and wander down there to see what might cum up.

Maybe Fred has the same idea. He's sitting on the porch in shorts. We both say hello and I grab a seat.

"Any phone calls," I say.

Fred, says "Nope or at least not from Jackie Gurl. I have had two calls in the last three days from Your Schlong. He wants both of us to come over this afternoon. I told him I'd get back to him sometime this morning."

"When did you plan on getting hold of me? Or weren't you? Play him off and say we couldn't make it? Or go by yourself?" I asked.

"None of those. In fact I was sitting here waiting until I thought you had coffee made, so I could come up and get a cup. I'm out of java. We could then make a decision," Fred says.

"Well, lets get to it. The coffee is ready, I've got some great sourdough bread for toast and scrambled eggs with Irish hash brown potatoes," I said.

When we got to my place I poured Fred a cup of coffee and started the eggs and potatoes. While standing at the stove, Fred came up behind me, snuggled in close and gives me a reach around.

"I've missed you and this growing thing in my hand. I had hoped we'd hear from Jackie Gurl but lets see what kind of a good time we can have with Your Schlong. I'll give him a call while you finish breakfast," Fred says.

Five minutes later Fred returns to the kitchen and says "It's all set for this afternoon, two pm, at his place,he gave me the address, I'll drive. Now lets get to this great looking breakfast. Then I'll go get the car. I don't think we really need to get further dressed," Fred says.

Breakfast over with, dishes done and a honk out side. Fifteen minutes later and about a ten miles out in the boonies, we pull into a long winding driveway that leads to an older ranch house two barns, a windmill, silo, and two sheds. We go up on the porch and before we can knock the door opens and there naked with a hard-on stands Your Schlong. 

"Hi, glad to have you here finally, I'm Bud," he says.

That said he drops to his knees and with both hands pulls down each of our shorts. Grabbing a cock in each hand he alternates sucking Fred and I. After several minutes when we are both stiff and sloppy wet he turns around on his knees raises his ass in the air and says, "Whose first?"

Fred looks at me, I shrug and motion him forward with my hand. Fred crouches down and slowly slides a finger into Bud's ass. It all but slides back out with lube all over. He smiles up at me and and starts slapping Bud's ass with both hands.

"Oh yes,yes," Bud says. 

Fred grabs his cock and slowly pushes into Bud's ass. Slowly fucking Bud he reaches one hand over and starts jacking my cock. Bud looks back and seeing it's Fred fucking him he says "Oh,oh I love it. Mack, let me suck you. Fill me up."

I move around in front of Bud and slowly push my cock into his mouth. There we were Fred and I smiling at each other and slowly moving back and forth in a matching rhythm. Fred has both of his hands under Bud's ass working his cock and balls. Bud was going "hmm,hmm" then he started bucking back and forth faster and faster. Soon he held up one hand like a stop signal. We both removed our cocks and Bud collapsed on the floor. Fred's' one hand was full of cum, which he wiped all over Bud's ass. Standing up, Fred turns around and closes the front door. Fred comes back to me grabs hold my cock and slowly slides it into his mouth. Seeing Fred, Bud squirms over and starts licking my balls and rimming my ass. I let this go on for a couple minutes and finally stop both of them but Bud reaches up milks my cock and licks the pre-cum.

Letting go of my cock Bud says, "That was fantastic and I want to do it again in a more comfortable place. But, since I'm the only person that's cum, it's now time for you two to spew some loads. Since we're all kinda old farts, the erections don't come frequently, so lets prolong this as long as you can. 

Taking us both by the hand, he leads us into the living room and directs us to the love seat. We sit down with our legs spread and knees touching. Bud, kneels before us and starts playing with both our cocks. He takes slow head sucks alternating between us. Finally when we're both tumescent, he sloppily deep throats each cock. Alternating sucking one cock and jacking the other. He goes at us for about three minutes then he says, "I'm going to edge you guys like this until you beg me to let to shoot your loads into my mouth and down my throat. Then we'll takes breather for a beer." 

to be continued...