 Last sentence chapter 19... If you don't mind, let me do the talking..



Walking to Fred's house and thinking about the e-mail responses from both Your Schlong and Jackie Gurl, I'm wondering how to handle this situation. We have phone numbers and addresses. Schlong said he'd be more than happy to meet with both of us and to give him a call to set up a day and time. Jackie said to call and discuss the possibility of a meet. She/he also included a full facial pic. I could use all kinds of adjectives to describe Jackie. Remembering the pic's on the profile page and now the face pic, I can only come up with beautiful, lovely, sexy and divine. I want this meet and I don't want Fred involved. I'm going to memorize her phone number and make my own connection. Some how without Fred. I'll just have to play it by ear. Keeping in mind the possibility of us meeting with Your Schlong and maybe that will satisfy Fred.

Fred brings up the e-mail from Jackie Gurl. The phone number is local. I quickly commit it to memory. Fred writes the number on a post-up and closes the web page.

He looks at me and says,"OK, here we go. Your doing the talking. Hopefully he/she answers. What are you going to say?"

"I'll introduce myself and tell her we're from the web site and that we've traded e-mails. That I thought it was time we made contact for a conversation or a meet, if interested," I say.

I dial the number and it barely gets one ring and this soft, sexy voice says, "Hello, how my I help you?"

Oh, dam, my heart melts. I ask, "Is this Jackie Gurl?"

"Yes, who's this," she/he says

"This is one of the two guys that have been e-mailing you. Mack and Fred," I say.

"Well, Mack I'm happy to hear from you. You have a very deep, sexy voice. Are you alone or is Fred with you?," Jackie says

"Yes, Fred is here also. We thought it was time to make contact and maybe set up some kind of meeting. Maybe coffee, lunch or one of us hosting?," I say.

"Mack, I can't make a decision on that right at this moment. I'd like to think about it and get back to you if that's OK? Do you have a number that I can get back to you on?", she/he says.

"Sure, 931-xxx-xxxx," I said.

"OK, you will hear from me, sexy voice," she ssys.

Hanging up the phone, I glance at Fred and see a some what confused look on his face.

"What the fuck was that? You gave Jackie Gurl your phone number, not mine. You trying to cock block me?," he said.

I have to stop and think for a few seconds and finally say, "Oh shit. It was just a natural response. It didn't even dawn on me to say your number".

"Well, I'm calling her back right now", Fred says.

He dials the number and sits there about forty, fifty seconds. Finally hangs up and says, "No answer and no answering machine. Now what do we do?," he says.

"Well, I guess we just wait and till we hear from Jackie", I say.

Fred has a kinda pissed off look on his face and says, "Ya, I guess at your number."

"What difference does it make as long as she/he calls back. Maybe she/he has caller I.d. and

now has both numbers. Lets just split up and hopefully one of us will get a call and we'll go from there," I say.

Arriving at home, I hope Jackie Gurl calls me first. Getting a beer and relaxing in my recliner, I try to imagine our first meeting.

Jackie Gurl greets me at the door in full make-up, dressed in a white blouse tied at the waist, a short black skirt and some catch me fuck me heels. We both say hello. Taking me by the hand, she leads me into the living room straight to the couch. There is a soft music background and dim lighting. She/he stands in front of me slowly and lightly running her hands up and down her body. She unbuttons the blouse and slowly removes it to reveal a red lacy bra. Reaching up to the front she/he unclasps it letting it fall to the floor revealing a perfect "A" cup set of breasts with the most suckable set of nipples I've ever seen. Rubbing the breasts and pinching the nipples she/he slowly brings her hands down to the top of the skirt. Doing a slow whole body motion dance she/he pushes the skirt down, letting it fall to the floor. There stands before me a perfectly smooth naked body with tits and a delicious looking erect four inch cock.

My imagination is wonderful and so is my now erect cock.

to be continued..