 Last sentence chapter 15..beats the hell out of any video.

Fred crawls out from under the table. When he stands up his cock is stiff and dripping pre-cum. He moves toward me and says, "at least lick it till I cum." 

I grip his balls, grab his shaft and lick the pre-cum. I milk his cock and lick the underside of the head. 3 milks, 3 licks and he shoots his cum all over my face. After about a minuet of moaning and me continuing to milk his cock, he bends down and starts licking the cum from my face.

"Well Fred, do you really think we have to search this web site for additional sexual pleasure?" I said.

"Mack, the honest answer is no. But, why not is my true answer."

"Well, maybe we should go our separate ways" I said.

Fred made no comment. I look back at the web page and I click back to the other profiles. As I scan down I see one titled, your schlong and click on it.

Fred says, "that's one I truly want to check out."

It comes up with statistics, 3 pic's, and a video. I scan down the profile particulars. 55, widowed, 10 miles away, slim 155 lbs. 6' 1", loves lingerie, nipple play, oral giving. Might bottom in right situation, can host. I click on the 1st pic, lower nude body, soft cock. 2nd pic is ass, 3rd pic he's holding what appears to be about a 4" hard cock. I click on the video. A person is dressed in a silk slip, they turn and pose, lift the slip and show bikini panties. The visible body is smooth with small breasts and nipples that poke out the slip. The hands lift the slip again and you realize there's a package in the bikini's. He runs his hands up under the slip and massage's the breasts. He takes the slip off, cups his tits and pinches the nipple's. One hand goes down to the bikini's and pushes them down and out pops a nice little stiffie. The video stops and Fred and I look at each other.

"Dam, Fred! He looks huge compared to you."

"Oh,shit. That was a turn-on. I wish I could look like that. But I'm too over weight. I could see you standing behind him with your cock in his ass crack, pinching his nipples and me on my knees sucking his cock. What do you think, Mack?" 

"I, think you want someone else sexually in your life" I said.

Fred, types out a message giving his profile number,a brief description of us and asks if he's interested in hosting to contact him at his yahoo address. He then clicks back to the profile's search page and starts scrolling down the rest of the profiles. We read the brief descriptions all the way thru to the last one which is titled "Jackie Gurl". 

"This is a new one" Fred says.

It has a profile icon pic of a smooth pair of legs in a short skirt reclining on a bed. Fred looks at me and I nod yes. The profile comes up. It has 2 pic's and a video. We read the particulars, 53, 5' 3", 133lbs, oral versatile, smooth, prefers to host, he's 16 miles away. I click on the 1st pic, it's a larger pic of the short skirt and smooth legs. The 2nd pic is a total nude back shot. Light brunette hair shoulder length, smooth firm ass and shapely legs. I click on the video. It starts with a scene of a frilly bedroom with subdued bump and grind music playing. Strutting into camera view, neck to high heels, dressed in a spangled midi dress with a boa is what one would normally think would be a sexy female. The person begins prancing and stripping. It ends with what one might think was a completely naked teen girl but with small breasts(30/31-A) with protruding nipples and a soft cock, completely hair less all over.

"Oh, dam Mack. I could suck and fuck that almost everyday. Actually I'd make love to that. I haven't fucked anyone in months. Look at those fine breasts, that smooth body and firm ass. If that doesn't make your dick hard, there's something wrong with you. Now I'm sorry we sent that message to the other guy. Lets send him a message."

Fred starts typing in the profile message box. He gives a brief description of himself, his profile number and an e-mail address. He asks if interested to please contact for at least a social meeting. He says nary a word about us or me and hits send. With a smile on his face he turns to me and say's "lets hope we hear from him soon."

"Who's we white man? You got a turd in your pocket? You didn't say a word about us!"

I get up, get dressed and head for the door.

"Hey Mack, where you going? I'll tell him all about us if he replies. I was just so captivated with the profile, I just didn't think. Mack, don't leave."

I walk out the door and head for home. 

to be continued....