 last sentence chapter 21-- "then we'll take a break for a beer"



Satisfied and relaxed, the beer tastes great. Fred and I are sitting on the couch watching Bud in the chair slowly stroking his cock. He milks it three, four times and pinches off the pre-cum. Licking his fingers he says, "Tastes almost as good as you two's pre-cum. Anyone want a taste?"

Fred gets up and crawls on his hands and knees over to Bud. With just his mouth he starts licking from Buds' knees up to his crotch. Reaching Bud's cock he sucks it into his mouth. Bud grabs his head and pulls him into his crotch. 

Bud and Fred are making moaning noises. I'm playing with my cock and eying Fred's' ass sticking up in the air. I grab a bottle of lube and pour some into my hand continuing to stroke my cock. Getting semi hard, I walk over and kneel behind Fred. Slapping his ass twice on each cheek, I slide my cock head into his ass pussy. When he stops grunting I slowly continue sliding my cock until our balls touch. Now the moans are coming from all three of us. Slowly, gently stroking in and out, my motions cause Fred to go up and down on Bud's cock.

"Dam, Fred, whose going to cum first? Or hopefully we all cum together and you get a mouth and pussy full of love juice," Bud says.

Fred moans and starts moving his body faster back and forth.

Bud smiles at me and says,"This is great."

Reaching around I feel Fred's cock and balls. I stroke his cock and milk out some pre-cum. Rubbing it over the head of his cock and twisting the head four, five times and he starts shooting his cum into my hand. His body slumps a little. Bud grabs his head shoving it down on his cock. Seeing all of this I stroke harder and faster into the ass pussy. Almost simultaneously Bud and I start shouting "I'm going to cum, I'm going to cum." Looking at each other we realize our juices are pouring into Fred at the same time. Yelling and groaning cease and we all collapse.

Scooting back to the sofa I see Bud with his legs spread and his eyes closed. Fred is laying on his side with cum oozing from his ass. O.K., so it was pretty great but I realize I want something else. I want Jackie gurl. Sure it still might be some ass pussy. But with cute outfits nice tits and a small smooth cute cock.

"O.K. Gents it's clean up time, another beer and hit the road. I have an appointment later," bud says.

We all struggle to our feet and Bud leads us down the hallway through the bedroom and into the bath. Whoa, I thought Fred's bathroom was great but this is amazing. The walk-in has to be at least twelve by twelve. Nine shower heads, high, middle and low. Infrared lights, speakers, six different placed handles, three drains, three bench seats and three shower caddy's full of soaps, body wash and shower puffs.

Bud picks up a remote control and starts pushing buttons. The shower heads, lights and stereo come alive. 

"Gentlemen, I hope you enjoy my one extravagance, it will take a minute for the water to warm but you can enter at your pleasure," Bud says.

Fred is standing there with his mouth agape and I'm as bug eyed as a five year old at Christmas. Eventually Bud opens the door and enters. Fred and I follow. We all spend several minutes walking around experiencing all the shower heads.

"MY shower, so I'm in charge, O.K." Bud says.

With that said he grabs shower puff, some body wash and lathers his body. Next he comes to me and then Fred. Of course now we all have at least semi hard-one's. Finally he comes and stands behind me and snuggles in close. With one hand he reaches around and starts rubbing and pinching my nipple. With his other hand he slowly inserts a finger into my ass, wiggles it around and pulls it out. Then I feel him pushing the head of his cock slowly into my ass and lets it rest there. Seeing this Fred moves to my front, kinda rinses of my cock and slowly suck the head into his mouth. Oh well, the only virgin ass of the day is getting it's turn. I feel Bud push more of his into my ass and he starts fucking. This of course make my cock move back and forth in Fred's mouth. As short as bud's cock is I can still feel it hitting my cum bud – prostate. All I can think of is what if one of these people were Jackie Gurl? Would it be different, would it be better? Overwhelming feels in my tits, cock, balls and ass. 

I start yelling "cum, cum,cum." I look down and see Fred frantically jacking his cock and grunting.

Bud is shouting, "Now, now." 

I feel the cum surging through my cock into Fred's mouth. Bud shoves his cock as far as it will go and now he's yelling "cum, cum, cum." 

I, start to collapse but Bud grabs me around the waist and slowly lowers me on to a bench. He sits on another bench and Fred just lays sprawled out on the floor. Minutes go by and wordlessly we all rise and finish showering. Finally Bud says, "Beer time."

to be continued...