 last sentence of chapter 22.. "Beer time." 

*

Dressed, relaxed and drinking another beer, we all sat silently in the living room.

Finally Bud says, "Not to rush you guys off, but I really do have an appointment. It's been great and I hope we can do it again real soon. You got my number and know where I live. So drink up and we're outta here."

Fred and I rise, hand bud our empties, shake hands and head for the car. Driving back to my place the silence is overwhelming. When we pull into the driveway Fred doesn't turn off the car. Turning to me he asks, "Any comments on what took place today?"

"Ya, all I want to do is take a nap. I'm exhausted. I haven't cum that much since I was about seventeen. It was a first for that type of session for me and I want to give it some serious consideration", I said.

Fred looks at me, opens his mouth, closes it, puts the car in gear and finally says, "O.K., I'll talk to you later."

Once in the house, I realize it's dinner time. Damn, where did the time go? Alright, a pizza in the oven, another beer and relax in the recliner. Leaving the kitchen, I hear a beeping noise and realize the the answering machine has a message. Pushing the button, I hear this soft, sexy voice say, "Hello, Mack, it's Jackie. Sorry I missed you, hope your not having fun without me. Give me a call, I'll be home all evening."

Oh, shit. This is the call I've been waiting for and I missed it. I hope she/he isn't wanting a meet tonight. I'm not sure I cloud even get a semi-erection. Call now? Call later? I'll finish the beer and pizza and return the call later.

Naked, except for my robe, reclining in my chair, I hope this call might generate a rise in body action. I dial Jackie Gurl's number.

Five rings and the soft, sexy voice I heard on the answering machine says, "Hello."

"Jackie, this is Mack, I hope I'm not disturbing you,"?

"Oh, Mack, it's good to finally hear from you. I was hoping you would call me back, I just wish it had been earlier. I'm still happy to hear your deep sexy voice. That answering machine or yours can be a real turn on," she/he says. 

"Sorry, I couldn't call sooner but I had a busy day. That doesn't happen very often," I say.

"Jackie, says "Well, I'm thinking that soon we can have a busy day. If that's something you think you'd like? As an older man I'm hoping you'll appreciate a gurl like me, even if I'm not a spring chicken. I do try to keep my girlish figure in shape and ready to provide any pleasure you could desire."

"Wow! Just listening to your sexy voice and in my mind remembering your pictures. I'm very pleased. I can only imagine what pleasures I might experience in person," I tell Jackie.

"Well, I just hope I meet your expectations in person. When do you think we can make a get together happen," she asks?

"At your convenience," I tell Jackie. 

There's a significant pause and finally Jackie says, "Mack,if you remember my profile, I prefer to host and I have other preferences. I want to be called by my name and referred to as she and her. I don't consider myself "drag", just a gurl or fem. I've not had any surgery's and what breasts I have are natural. I'm not dominant and not a complete submissive. I just love to please my man. Especially a man that appreciates what I have to offer. If any of this is a problem maybe we should just go our separate ways. Or we could get together around one pm. Tomorrow?"

Oh, shit! I need at least a day to recuperate.

"Jackie, I hate to ask but can we do it day after tomorrow? I, have a repairman coming tomorrow and I have no idea how long he'll be here," I say.

"That's fine Mack as long as your sure about our meeting. Are you ready to take down some directions to my place," she/he says?

Jackie, gives me directions and I tell her I will be there at one pm., day after tomorrow. I'm hoping that a day and a half rest will be enough R & R. At twenty some years my junior I'm sure she/he can run me in circles with her body.

Now, all I need to do is avoid Fred for a day and a half. I won't call him but he could call or come see me. I think I'll nip it in the bud and call him tomorrow and say I think I'm coming down with something. The day after, if asked where I went I can say into town for cold medicine. 

to be continued... 