 last sentence chapter 18..I'll tell you about my dream.. 

"Fred, right now I want my cock between your lips. Go sit on the couch so I can face fuck you. You do like to be face fucked, don't you?"

"Oh, yes. Please, Mack. Your so soft, Ill get to feel it grow in my mouth. I'll milk it and lick the pre-cum. I'll watch you play with your nipples and I'll massage your balls."

Fred, sits on the couch fondling his cock and wetting his lips. I stand in front of him about a foot away. Rubbing my nipples. I move a little closer and then back away groping my balls and milking my cock. Fred, looks at me pleadingly. He sticks his tongue out and I lay my cock head on it and slowly slide into his mouth. He sighs and and grasps my balls. I slowly start face fucking him and the whole time I'm thinking how can I contact Jackie gurl without him knowing.

I reach down and lightly rub Fred's nipples and pinch them until he starts making humming noises. I slow my fucking motions and tell him "Make your cock cum into your hand. Then lick it off into your mouth along with my cock. Soon you'll have a mouth full of our cum and my cock."

Fred, removes his hand from my balls and I can see him holding it in front of his cock. He's stroking his cock head with two fingers and his thumb. He starts making his humming noises again. After about a minute he starts grunting and I see him shoot his cum into the palm of his hand. He milks out a few last drops , brings his hand to his now cock-less mouth and licks his palm clean. He immediately puts my cock back in his mouth and stars massaging behind my balls again. Speeding up my motions and with Fred still massaging behind my balls it only takes about 8/10 strokes and I cum.

It seems like I cum for several minutes but I don't go immediately soft. Fred continues to suck and massage. I feel feel his finger swishing around in his mouth and realize he hasn't swallowed. Suddenly that finger is removed and jammed into my ass. He starts swallowing, gulping and fucking my ass. My cock is getting stiffer and he starts tonguing and sucking just the head. My body is straining to cum again but it hurts. I slowly back up removing my cock and collapse to the floor.

Eyes closed and spent, I try to clear my mind. But, my only thoughts are how it would be with Jackie gurl? Smooth firm body, tits, ass cunt and cock. If she/he is as hot looking as the pictures, I could be in heaven. How do I get the phone number without Fred wanting to call her? I really need to get a computer. Should we both call her and see what develops? Leave it kind of up in the air depending on her? If I memorized the phone number, later on my own I could set something up.

Fred, has curled up next to me on the floor and is affectionately rubbing my cock and nipples. "Do you recall Jackie's phone number.? We could call and play it by ear just to see what she/he has to say? Don't commit to anything and tell her we'll get back to her as soon as possible. I do think we should go kind of slow. Maybe just a meet for coffee at first? Or just reply to the e-mail with details about us and see what she has to say."

Fred stops fondling me and says "I don't have it memorized but we can do an e-mail if that is what you prefer. I'm game for what ever you want."

I'm thinking that when he brings up Jackie's mail I can memorize the number and set up my own meeting. Hoping in the mean time Fred doesn't decide to do the same thing.

Oh, what webs we weave to deceive. I just can't get her images out of my mind. If we established a relationship, I don't believe I would want to include anyone else. Of course she/he might want a say in that decision. If a real relationship developed. 

Fred gets up and puts on his shorts. "Why don't we go to my place. I'll pull up the e-mail from Jackie and we'll decide what to do," he says. 

"Sounds good to me. What are your suggestions, if any," I said.

Fred, has this pondering look on his face and finally says,"Well your suggestion of non-committal e-mail and a meet for coffee could work. Or with a phone call which is less impersonal and maybe we could tell if there was any sincerity or eagerness."

Putting on my shorts I tell Fred, "Lets do this. I've never seen a she/he and hopefully this one is as hot and ready as the pictures show. If you don't mind, let me do the talking.

To be continued... 