 last sentence chapter 14..ass sticking out of apron

This is only my second time in Fred's house. I was blown away by the massive master bath. The shower is at least 10x10, with three different shower heads located on three different walls. Hell, you could hold a naked party in there with room to spare. After an excellent dinner we sat finishing our wine and Fred said, "ready for the web site?"

"I guess" I said.

Fred leads me into another room off the living room. There is a big mahogany table and two office chairs. On the table is at least a thirty inch monitor, a box of tissues,a bottle of lube and a container of baby wipes.

Fred says,"grab a chair and get comfy."

He pushes a button on the monitor and up comes a full screen picture of his cock. Even on the 30" monitor it still looks small.

"I want to take some pictures later and eventually it will be your cock that comes up on screen" he says.

He reaches over and fondles my cock. Clicking the mouse, a menu drops down and he clicks again. A web page appears. Typing on the keyboard and a different page appears titled, 66 yr old newbie likes cock. My web profile page," Fred says.

He clicks an icon and another pages appears. He starts scrolling down the page explaining all the icons, and different boxes. Profile names with a brief description, locations, ages, who and what they are interested in doing and with whom. He clicks a choice on the page-who's viewed your profile-and a wide page of profile names with age and location appears along with little icons.

"These are guys that have viewed my profile. If I click on their names it will take me to their full profile and we can see everything they care to reveal including pictures and videos. As you can see, they are from all over, not just Tennessee. We don't really want to check out any of these so we'll do a search of just Tennessee and we can set any parameters we choose including aged, distance, likes and dislikes."

"What about your profile" I said.

He scrolls up to -My profile- clicks and starts to scroll down. It has his age, likes, dislikes, location and a small picture of his cock and a couple of paragraphs telling about himself.

"Interesting" I said.

"I could add your info to my profile or make you your own" Fred said.

"No need" I said. 

"Want to do a search for any guys close to us?" Fred said.

"Knock yourself out" I told him.

He clicks on-search profiles- and enters info in the boxes. Age range, state, location within 20 miles, sexual choices. He clicks on search and a new page appears. At the top it says page 1 of 5 and has the first brief profile.

"This gives us a brief description, if we're interested we can click on full profile. That will allow us to see anything they have included on the profile page including pic's and or videos. We can check out all the brief profiles and then go back to any we think might be interesting."

"You've seen all these right?" I said.

"Most likely, but there could be some new ones since I was here last. If you see someone your interested in, let me know and I'll click on full profile."

He slowly scrolls down the page and eventually all five pages. I don't say a word.

Finally Fred says, "What no interest in anyone?"

"Well, I noticed you didn't click on any full profiles" I said.

"Oh hell, Fred said. I could have clicked on all of them and I'm going to do that right now. No, instead,lets switch chairs. You go through them and I'll help you."

Fred, lets go of my tumescent cock and we switch chairs.

"Click on this and it will take us back to the first page" Fred said.

I look at the first brief profile description which says the guy is 66, oral versatile, MWM,15 miles away. I click on the full profile and read a little more detail. He loves to suck, swallows, likes nipple play, will bottom in right situation, can't host but will travel. He has 3 pic's and 2 videos. I click on the first pic. 

Full body no face. He's a little chubby but not obese. The other pic's were of his cock. I click on the first video, its him jacking off about a five inch cock and eventually he shoots his load into his hand and shows the camera. The second is of him sucking a cock about the same size as his own. Seeing this video start, Fred gets up and crawls under the table. He takes my cock and balls in his hand.

"Let me know which you like best, his video or this?" he says. 

He then deep throats my cock. It's difficult to concentrate on the profile video. But maybe if I do I can prolong my cum shot. The guy in the video has a firm grip on the guys balls and two fingers curled around the base of his cock. He's sucking the dick head with a twisting motion. I finally realize that Fred is doing the same things to my cock and balls. I know what I'm going to pay attention to. I gently run my fingers through Fred's hair and he starts murmuring. I tightly grip his head and pull him forward, shoving my cock to the back of his throat and shooting my load. Fred keeps murmuring and swallowing, this sure beats the hell out of any video.

..to be continued