 last sentence of chapter 16-I walk out the door.

     When I got home I poured a double scotch and fired up a cigar. Propped my ass in the recliner and gathered my thoughts:
Was I too abrupt with Fred?
Am I being selfish?
Should we go our separate ways?
Whats wrong with meeting other guys?
The mail to Jackie gurl didn't mention us.
Is it about intimacy with just the two of us?
Or just about sex if we include others?
Should I just wait and see if there are any responses from the e-mails?

      The Jackie gurl profile was more enticing than the your schlong. At 53 it sure didn't look like the body of a middle aged man. More like a well kept female. They both want to be treated as a female but Jackie sure came the closest. Except for the cock. Smooth, slender body, nice firm little breasts, long flowing hair. Just plain sexy. I could live with something like that, especially if she/he cooked and cleaned. The your schlong guy is just a wanna be CD but could be interesting.

      Scotch and cigar finished, I decide to wait and see if the e-mails get a response. In the back of my mind though I wonder why these two guys haven't connected? Time to hit the sack and with the scotch in my system it shouldn't take long for dreamland. A little light touching of the nipples and cock and it's  quickly dreamland.
Ooh, it's a good dream.

     I'm sitting at the dinning room table with a glass of wine. Jackie gurl enters in a short maids uniform and puts a tray of cheese and crackers on the table. She/he smiles and asks if I want anything else?  As I dip a finger into  my wine and slowly run a hand up Jackie's smooth leg clear up to the firm ass. Jackie spreads her legs slightly and allows my finger to enter her ass up to the 2nd knuckle. But, she pushes backward and my finger slides all the way to the last knuckle. Jackie is murmuring and moving he ass back and forth. I reach my other hand around to her cock and get pre-cum all over my fingers. I bring my hand back and spit on the pre-cum. I go back to her cock and gently grasp the hard four inch shaft. With her movements, she's fucking both my hand and my finger. Ten strokes maybe, I didn't count. She's saying yes, yes and shooting cum all over my hand. Finally she stands up straight, takes my hand and licks it clean. "Oh sweetie, I love it when you do that. What can I do for you," she says?

     "You could try and get me hard by taking off the uniform and showing me your fine breasts" I said.

Jackie, steps back and slowly removes her costume. She also removes the bow from her hair. The soft, long silky locks cascade to her shoulders. Her a-cup breasts are pointed and her cock is hard again. What a beautiful sight. She leans forward so her breasts are almost touching my lips. I stick my tongue out and slowly lick each nipple. Her hand gropes inside my shorts and softly squeezes my rising cock. Gently pulling it out the fly. Bending to her knees, she slowly and tenderly sucks my cock into her mouth while cupping my balls. She makes swallowing suctions. It's the best feeling ever and my cock is becoming rigid. The warm, wet mouth is engulfing it clear to my balls.

OH, no! I'm waking up! No more dream? But the feelings still exist. The warm, wet sucking mouth. It's Fred, in my bed. Oh, man. Is this a disappointment? Laying on my side, I realize my balls are being tenderly massaged and my cock has a suction on it, better than a flesh-light. He reaches a hand up and lightly rubs and pinches my nipples. I feel him insert a finger into his mouth along with my cock. After he removes it, I feel it slowly pushed into my ass. With his in and out movement I begin to fuck his face. Fred, is making humming sounds and I'm telling him to suck it, make me cum. He shoves the finger as far as it will go and I shove my cock as deep down his throat as it will go. The cumming feeling is surging thru my body. Fred is swallowing my cock, gulp after gulp. His throat contractions make me shoot my load, for what seems like an eternity. Fred removes my cock and his finger, looks up at me and smiles. Exhausted, I roll over on my back. Fred rest his head on my belly. He starts massaging my balls, milking my cock and licking the after cum.

    "You were having one hell of a dream. Which was better the dream or reality?" he said.

    "Can't really tell you as I never got to finish the dream" I said. Fred scoots up beside me and starts lightly rubbing my nipples. Exhausted, I fall back to sleep.
To be continued..