 last sentence chapter 13..I lean forward and lightly lick the pearly drops..

"Oh God, Mack! I know you said you'd probably never suck me again. But that lick was so tender. Suck it, suck it! I want to cum so badly. In your mouth, down your throat. Suck it, please!"

I cup my hand behind his balls and slowly lean forward. Opening my mouth wide, I take his throbbing cock and balls into my mouth. Slowly, two, three times I run my tongue around the head and and as far as possible under his balls. I abruptly sit back in the chair and smile up at Fred.

"Oh, no! Oh,no! You can't leave me like that, please, please finish. My nuts and cock are aching. I need to cum. I want to cum."

"Well,maybe you can find one of your website, friends with benefits to help you with your problem."

"Ah,Mack. That's not fair. How can you leave me hanging? There's no one here but you! Please, please. I'm starting to go soft. I want to cum, badly."

There are several drops of pre-cum almost ready to fall off the end of his cock. With one hand I milk his cock and balls. The pre-cum drops off into my hand and more appears. Licking it off with my tongue, it sends him into a body jerking spasm. I spit into my hand with the drops of pre-cum and slowly begin to stroke his cock. It's so tiny that I have to do it from the top so it doesn't slip out of my hand. With my other hand I reach between his legs and lightly finger his smooth butt hole. That's all it takes and Fred is shouting and shooting.

"OH,cumming. I'm cumming. So good, so good!! Milk it,milk my cock and balls. Get every last drop. Oh, man I got to sit down", he says.

Fred, collapses in his chair and I go into the house to get something to clean up the cum. Back on the porch I take the warm wash cloth and tenderly wipe his cock and balls. Fred reaches up and removes his nipple cups. Then reaches out and removes mine. We both massage our nipples and Fred grope's my cock through my shorts. Quickly he jerks them down to my knees and continues his groping.

"I'm going to deep throat your beautiful meat,Mack. I'm going to make you cum and fall to your knees."

Fred leans forward and slowly sucks the head of my cock into his mouth. Firmly cupping my ball sac, he runs his tongue around the head and into the tip hole. He pulls me forward with both hands on my ass and deep throats my cock to the balls. Five, six deep throats and back to the tongue rolling the head. I'm lightly holding his head by his ears. I want to jerk him forward and bury my cock and load down his throat. I try to relax and make it last. I want to cum, but I don't want to cum. I try to imagine mowing the lawn. Think about what we'll have for dinner. Anything to make it last, without cumming. But his suction of my cock head and tongue rolls are difficult to ignore. I feel one of his fingers in his mouth along with my cock. He removes the finger and I feel it lightly teasing my butt hole. Suddenly, he shoves it to the last knuckle all the way into my ass. Somewhat surprised, my body inches forward. Simultaneously I pull his head towards me and bury my cock deep in his throat. He doesn't gag but pushes me back slightly and starts swallowing. It's exactly like pussy contractions and with the finger wiggling in my ass, it's nothing I've ever felt before. 

"Suck it! Suck it! Fuck it! Fuck it! Get ready to swallow cum!" I shout.

It seems like I cum for several minutes. It also seems like several minutes before he removes my cock and his finger from my ass. He milks my cock three times, licks the after cum and smiles up at me. I'm ready to collapse on the porch.

"You truly made me cum but I'm not going to fall to my knees. I will totally collapse in my chair" I said.

"At least we're both collapsed and satisfied. Lets finish our beers before they get warm. We can then get the shower and shave and I'll get us dinner. Steak, baked potato,salad and some wine sound good?"

" Great. Jut as long as it's not tube steak." I said.

Fred smiles, takes my hand and leads me into the house. We quickly get into the shower and lather each other. We take turns with the shaving. Fred shaves my cock, balls and tits. I tenderly do the same on him along with his ass. Toweling off we both admire our handy work. Naked we go out to the kitchen and Fred puts on an apron and starts dinner preparations. It's really sexy watching him move around with his smooth ass sticking out the back of the apron. 

..to be continoed