 Old man discovers, continued – chapter 32 

last sentence chapter 31- I assume your relaxed...

"...no one's ever made love to me like that..." Jackie whispered. I smiled back into his soft, warm eyes, but then once again had to look at the rest of him. So slender, so pretty. Even being 25 years old didn't change how boyish - no, girlish - he looked. It wasn't as if I would ever have a true 25 year old female. Actually I liked this better. But right now I should get to the situation at hand, Fred.

Silence ensues while I'm trying to think about how I want to bring up the situation. Finally I say, "It's about Fred. He's been wondering about him and I as we haven't been together in over a week. I've put him off by fainting illness but it's to the point where I believe he thinks something else is the reason. 

As you know, we've had a relationship for almost a year now. It's been a satisfying one but not like what I think would/could be possible for the two of us. I of course know he would be totally happy with a relationship with you and maybe a relationship including all three of us."

Jackie is shaking her head no and starting to rise off the couch. She comes over to me, slowly disrobing. Finally naked she/he runs her hands up to his/her perfect A-cup tits pinching the nipples to erection. Finally she moves one hand down to her now hard four inch cock and says, "You really want to share all of this?"

Dropping to her knees in front of me, she spreads my legs apart and runs a hand inside my shorts. Finding my semi erect cock, she/he softly begins squeezing the head. Reaching up with her other hand she begins rubbing and pinching my nipples.

I grab her hands and tell her, "Stop! We really need to talk about our situation."

Jackie looks at me with mild disappointment and says, "Fine. Fine, we'll discuss what ever you want. I don't want to include another person in what I believe could be the relationship I've always wanted but never had. You know my past and it hasn't been very satisfying.

Your the older, kind and hopefully loving person I've wanted all my life. I believe we could have a life together that would be enjoyable in all aspects. I won't push for us to move in together for now but at least some over nights would be nice. I realize that puts you in a difficult situation with Fred.

If you decided to continue that relationship I really don't see any reason for us to continue. I also don't see or understand what Fred can offer you that I can't." 

Whew! "So basically your giving me an ultimatum. Is that what your saying," I asked?

"Are you unhappy with what we've done? I know we've only been together twice, but I want what we've had and more. I can be your lady. I can be your lover. I can be your bitch. I can be domineering or I can be docile. I can cook, clean, do laundry, mow the lawn. What ever you desire. All I want or need from you is affection and commitment," Jackie says.

"Sounds like a marriage to me," I said.

Jackie smiles and says "Yes, I guess it does. With the exception of you supporting me. I can support myself and my job is important to me. I plan to continue working. In that regard I don't want a house husband. I want a friend, companion and lover. Shouldn't that be something you should also want? I would hope so." 

Jackie is sitting there on the couch, naked as a jay bird. Smooth long legs, perky little tits, cute ass and a right sized suckable cock. What else could a man in the later years of life ask for? It's kind of a no brain er.

"Yes, that sounds like something I should want. But it also sounds like living together. A definite life long commitment. It also means I still have to deal with Fred. Possibly disappoint him and very possibly lose him as a friend. I don't have many friends and losing one with benefits is costly. But over and above that is the problem of dealing with my family and what they will think of my new life style."

"Well, I don't have either of those problems and I'm glad. I don't know what else I can say. I've expressed my feelings and I hope you make a decision that your comfortable with. One that includes me," Jackie says.

To be continued..