  last sentence, chapter 32-"none that includes me."

"Jackie, I'm happy with our two meetings and agree that our relationship can develop into something we can both be happy with. I just have to talk with Fred and be completely honest with him. Maybe he'll understand and not be too pissed. Maybe we'll still be friends, possibly without benefits," I said.

Jackie gets up off the couch and in all her naked beauty comes and sits on my lap facing me and says, "Sweetie, I hope everything works out OK for you, me and Fred."

She/he is squirming her butt on my crotch and starts playing with both of our tits. Raising up she reaches down and pulls my shorts down past my knees. Sitting back onto my lap, she/he reaches a hand into our crotches and begins fondling our cocks. I lean forward, my mouth kisses its way towards Jackie's nipple and eagerly began to suck. The she gurl sighed as my wet lips close around the tip of her right breast. I sucked on the nipple briefly, then made circles around it with my tongue, then resumed sucking once again. All the while, my hand tenderly massaged Jackie's other breast and rolled the tip of the nipple between my thumb and forefinger. I moved back and forth between nipples, sucking on one, then the other. Jackie cooed as my tongue flicked against her sensitive nipples.

Leaving her tits, I stick two fingers in my mouth, wetting them as much as possible. Sliding my hand under her ass I gently start playing with her ass cunt. Slowly and gently sliding my fingers deeper. Jackie is still cooing and softly saying, "Yes, yes."

I remove my fingers, spit on my hand and rub my now erect cock with the wetness. Jackie seems to realize what is about to happen and rises up. The head of my cock slipped [in] fairly easily into her slick opening, which had been opened somewhat by my fingers. As it pushed deeper into her, I could feel however that the channel narrowed and tightened around my cock shaft. To assure her that I would take it slow, I gently started rubbing her small breasts. I could feel her opening starting to relax slightly to allow more access for my throbbing cock. I told her to take her time and to ride up and down in short thrusts. With a loud moan she started riding up and down, each time taking a little bit more of my cock. I could feel her relaxing, and I could hear her groaning and gasping as she got more and more accustomed to this invasion she sorely wanted. 

She moaned out loudly. She started jamming her ass up and down onto my cock. I realized she had her hand in front of her. I looked down a bit and saw he was stroking herself. She was stroking her cock while I fucked her ass. The harder and faster I fucked her, the harder she stroked herself. 

"mmhhmmmm.. I'm cummmminnnnngggg.." she screamed into the air. I could feel her ass clinching on my cock. I saw she was shooting cum all over my chest and belly. 

Raising my pelvis as high as possible I say, "Yes, yes it's cum time. I'm going to shoot into your pussy. I'm going to cum. Then your going to clean your cum from my chest and belly. Now I'm cummmminnnnngggg, it's good, it's soooo good."

"Oh, yes baby. Shoot me full. I'll lick and clean you all over. I want your cum where ever you want to put it," Jackie says. 

My cock slowly shrinks and slides out of Jackie's ass cunt. She slides off my lap and kneels between my legs. Smiling at me she slowly lowers her head and starts licking her cum from my chest and belly. Eventually using only his/her tongue and lips, she sucks my flaccid cock into her mouth. I'm so small that she takes it all the way to my balls. Watching her in amazement I see her opening her mouth wider and using her tongue and fingers, put my balls into her mouth also. I know it will be days before I'm hard again(lol). But what the hell, It's the best after party I've ever had.

This goes on for several minutes. Finally Jackie raises his/her head and says, "If we stay together I'm going to let my hair grow as long as possible so you can run your fingers through it while I'm going down on you."

"Well, if the going down is to continue I need to leave. I have to deal with Fred and I'm not looking forward to it. Then we can try to determine our situation," I said.