 Last sentence chapter 27... and then bed

It was all so fan fucking fantastic. The dinner, the sex, the sleep over. And that was all we did was sleep. The bottle and a half of wine did us both in. The next morning Jackie fixed a humongous breakfast and while relaxing over a cup of coffee she/he asks, "Is this going to be a FWB or a permanent relationship?" 

"Oh,wow! Just put it out there why don't you," I said.

Jackie is looking at me with kind of a sad face since I'm hesitating for so long to answer. My mind is bouncing all over the place and I really can't focus on an answer. Jackie, Fred, being alone, searching the web for sexual hook-ups? What is going to be my situation? Hell, I'm 74 years old, soon to be 75 and what's the point of being alone. I have an offer that really shouldn't be refused.

I'm contemplating how to answer while looking at Jackie's face. Trying to determine what I think she/he wants to hear? Finally I say, "I think that should be up to you and what you want or desire. What exactly would a permanent relationship entail? What would a FWB entail? I'm open for discussion and would probably be happy with any decision."

Jackie is sitting there with her robe partially open, showing her long smooth legs. Looking at me with a partial smile. Finally she says, "For a 74 year old man with salt and pepper hair, deep brown eyes, deep sexy voice and a casual style, all of which turns me on. I think maybe we could actually live with each other without complete mayhem. That's what I would like. I believe you are a kind, gentle man that wants companionship, intimacy and a future that has all of these. Plus some other benefits. Lets see how the day goes and we can discuss our feelings in a casual manner."

Jackie gives me a complete full smile. Reaches forward and lightly runs her hand up my shorts. Reaching my soft two inch cock, she gently begins a sensual massage. Still smiling she says, "You know I want this in any shape, form or condition. Our relationship can be any way you want it, your in charge and I will be happy to comply with all your wishes and demands."

With that comment she/he gets up and leaves the room. Oh, crap. This is going to be a difficult decision for many reasons. I pour myself some more coffee and realize it's been about 10 minutes since Jackie left the kitchen. I hear her coming down the hall and she/he enters the kitchen. 

She has on an outfit that consists of a blue satin nightie, amethyst-colored thigh high stockings and four-inch silver high heel sandals. The nightie clung snugly to all her curves, she wore no panties with this ensemble. The satin rubbed her body erotically. I could see her hardened nipples and her stiffening cock. The sensations that the thigh highs were giving her excited Jackie a great deal.The lace-topped bands firmly held the stockings high up her shaven legs and thighs. All I could do was stare, probably with my mouth hanging open.

I know I'm staring but her body is that of a young woman, combined with the sex drive of a young man and that made her the most desirable (thing) person, energetic and passionate lover I had ever known. She was capable of taking me to heights of desire and satisfaction that I had never known existed. Should I tell you all the adjectives running through my mind? Hot, lusty, angelic, foxy, dazzling, scrumptious, voluptuous, luscious, gorgeous, curvaceous. Enough?

Jackie reaches out her hand toward me. "Come with me," she said, and led me to the bedroom. 

We got to the room and she stripped me naked and laid me on the bed. My cock sprung in the air, aching for release. She kissed my thighs, and my balls, licked my cock, not sucking but almost "eating" me like she would another girl. Then she slipped her tongue into my ass and I could not move. She ate me and with every tongue flick I was closer to coming. She stops with the ass licking, spits into her hand and starts twisting the head of my pre-cum soaked cockhead. Her other hand is rubbing and pinching my nipples. 

Oh shit! "Jackie, I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum," I said. Jackie stops the twisting and jacks my cock until I've shot every drop of cum. Jackie smiles at me, lowers her head and begins to lick up all the cum.

To be continued...