 Last sentence chapter-33..determine our situation.

Pulling into my driveway, I see Fred walking toward my house. Confrontation time? He goes to the porch and sits down. Getting out of the truck I say, "What's up?"

Fred's got a scowl on his face and as I sit he says, "I should ask you the same question and I will."

"O.K. I guess we need to have a talk. So I'll start first with a confession. I have been seeing Jackie," I said.

"I knew it! I fucking knew it," Fred says.

"I'm sorry. I couldn't help myself. I just had to see what it would be like with a gurl," I said.

"So, you found out? How many times? Where does it leave us", Fred asked.

"Only twice. It's really unbelievable. As to us, I guess we need to discuss the situation. But, before we do, I should tell you that Jackie is not interested in a three way," I said.

Fred still has the scowl on his face but only angrier and says, "What the fuck! We were supposed to do her together if it happened!" He gets up off the porch and heads toward home.

"Fred, Fred come on lets talk. I understand you are upset," I yell at him.

Fred turns , flips me the bird and continues toward home. Suddenly he stops, turns and comes back to the porch. He's fidgeting with anger but finally calms down. Standing there facing each other, he reaches out with one hand and starts rubbing my nipples. With his other hand he gropes my crotch and says, "We've been friends together sexually for over a year. I've jacked you, sucked you, let you fuck me and have always been willing to do anything your heart desires. What does Jackie offer that I haven't given you time and time again?"

Still standing there, I realize that my genitals have shrunk to the point they probably looked like a goober and two English peas.

Fred finally removes both his hand and with a look of disgust says, "No reaction? She must really be something. I really thought we had something, Mack."

He flops down in one of the chairs and I actually believe I see a tear in the corner of his eye.

"Fred, I don't want to lose you as a friend or a neighbor. Being with Jackie is something no one can imagine until it happens. I never thought it would happen without you," I say.

Fred gets up and comes over to me, gently rubs his hand on my face and says, "Mack, if you want a bitch gurl I can be her. I'll clean, cook, take hormones, grow tits and be your Frankie gurl."

"WOW! Fred that's a dedicated offer. But what you don't realize is that Jackie was born the way she is and his/her is in my opinion that of a woman. Except she/he has a cock instead of a pussy. She he dresses, thinks, and acts like a female in every way," I said. 

"Big fucking whoop. I got a cock and an ass pussy that you have used and seemed to enjoy. I never thought I'd have a relationship like ours and I don't want to lose it or have to find another one," Fred says.

"That's exactly what I'm saying. Just because of my tryst with a ts/tv, gurl, we shouldn't abandon our friendship," I said.

This whole time (last five/ten minuets) Fred has been rubbing his crotch and nipples. Stepping back he drops his shorts and there is that cute, smooth shaved hard four inch cock. Stroking it he says, "I love it when you stand behind me pinching my nipples, stroking my cock and snuggling your cock in my ass pussy crack. It feels so lovely when you insert the head into me, pause until I relax and then shove it to your balls against my smooth ass. You made me cum so many times with that move."

He milks his cock, licks the pre-cum and tastes it with his tongue. "Does this do anything for you Mack? Do you want my ass pussy or my mouth? Do you want to make me cum into your hand and have me swallow my cum? Do you? Do you still want our friendship with all it involves?" he asks.

Now my cock is semi-hard and Fred realizes it. 

"I want to taste your cock. Right now." He dropped to his knees and pulled shorts down. My cock sprang free and hit him in the face. He laughed, then took the head into his mouth. His mouth was warm and wet. It felt so comfortable. He pulled back a bit.. then he grabbed the base of my cock, and started licking the head. He smiled up at me while he coated me with his spit and then took me all the way into his throat. My balls were against his chin. My head rolled back on my neck. I was in heaven. He then grabbed my hands and put them on the back of his head, grabbed both my ass cheeks and pulled me into his mouth. He wanted me to fuck his face. 

I slid my dick back until just the head was on his lips... Then jammed it forward, all the way back into his throat. He gagged, but was fine. I pulled out and jammed forward again. No gagging this time. I got a nice rhythm going, fucking his face. His eyes were closed, but the way he was squeezing my ass and pulling me in told me he was loving it. I could feel that familiar tingle in my balls and knew I would cum soon. So I kept up the pace. The feeling of the head of my cock sliding down his throat and his tongue caressing the underside of it was too much. "Oh shit. Damn babe.. I'm cuuummmm... innnngggg..." I yelled out the last part as I started spurting hot jizz into his mouth. He grabbed my cock and started stroking it, making sure to get every last drop out and into his hungry mouth. He swallowed every bit. 

Then he kissed the head of my dick and smiled up at me. "Damn that was good!" He said, as he got up off his knees. 

To be continued..