  last sentence chapter 26- "I hope you say yes."

How could I refuse, after a session that was so mind blowing. The thought of what could be coming overwhelmed my mind. Jackie's body was a dream come true, she/he hosted,was willing to cook, what could the future hold for both of us? At least dinner and getting to know each other better.

Jackie leads me into the bathroom, turns on the shower and says, "We're gonna get squeaky clean and then I'm gonna feed you. But not like I fed you earlier. How about a pasta dinner with salad, garlic bread and wine?"

"Yes, please," I said.

I entered the shower first, Jackie entered and pressed her back up against me. Snuggling her ass pussy into my cock. Reaching around her I slowly rubbed my hands over her breasts. Her nipples hardened and she murmured. 

Before I knew it she had spun me around. We were now facing each other, and I could see her erect cock. She was circumcised like me.. My mouth went dry while taking in the sight of her. She was standing right before me, water drops were scattered all over her torso. There was a longing in her eyes I'd never seen before in anyone. She reached out her hand and gently touched my face. Trailing the jaw line, she never let go of my gaze. Suddenly I could feel her hands on my hot cock.

I let out an involuntary gasp. Her hand started to gently massage me, squeezing me in a rhythmic fashion. Bringing me to life. I could feel my body responding, and my dick was growing with record speed. I still hadn't dared to move. A part of me was afraid she would stop if I did.

Jackie's fingers trailed down my torso as she knelt before me. Taking my rigid cock into her mouth, I could feel the warmth and wetness from it. It was exquisite. She started to work her mouth all over my dick. Her tongue kept making patterns along the shaft and I could feel the wetness of the saliva. With her left hand she jerked me off at the same time. The combination was perfect. 

"That's it. Keep it up," I groaned. 

I could hear Jackie make a humming sound and the vibrations caught me off guard. Fuck, it felt good!

Jackie stopped her administrations and looked up at me and said,"You've got a great cock. I can't believe I finally got you to myself no Fred, no one else. I hope you won't regret our meeting."

I looked down at Jackie kneeling on the tile floor. Just the sight of her on hands and knees, massaging my balls, and her mouth only inches from my dripping cock made me want to blow my load. 

"Never", I said. 

"Good, because I'm not done with you." she said and went back to sucking me. After a while of wonderful oral administrations, Jackie held my dick up against my stomach. Feeling her trail her tongue along my balls made me feel as if lightning had struck. The feelings I experienced when she gently took a ball each into her mouth were too complex to describe. I just knew I was in heaven!

After what felt like hours of intense sucking and licking, I couldn't hold myself any longer. 

"Oh God, I think I'm gonna cum soon." My legs felt like they were about to cave in when that familiar tingle started. I had to lean back against the wall for support, and when the explosion started my body seemed to get a life of its own.

"Oh fuck! Fuck! Jackie, don't stop. Keep sucking!" My hips involuntarily thrust against her mouth and deeper down her throat. I hoped I wasn't choking her, but it all just felt too fucking good.

Jackie eagerly sucked my now violently twitching cock. With a tight grip on my buttocks, I could feel her urging me forward. She was deep-throating me big time, and my mind went blank at the sensations. It seemed as if every one of my nerves were rushing through the rest of my body, only to collect in my neither region. I could feel my whole body tensing up. And then I came. 

"Aaaah!" 

Jackie started to suck harder and I could feel her swallow. The thought of her swallowing my sperm was too much, and I felt another spurt. She swallowed that one too. Coming into Jackie's mouth was one of the most wonderful experiences I've ever had. Sure, I've cum in the mouths of women before, but with Jackie it was extra special. Oh,wow! thinking of Jackie as a woman.

Jackie looks up a me, smiles and says, "Now it's soap, rinse, dry-off, dinner and bedtime."