 last sentence chapter 36- "I'll be anxiously waiting"

Well that's taken care of until tomorrow. I just need to make a final decision and make sure both Jackie and Fred understand and accept the situation. 

After spending a disrupted, sleepless night, I need to get my poop in a group before going to Jackie's. She/he did sound a little upset by my use of the words-stop by. Morning and early afternoon go by with nervousness. Finally about 3:45, I leave for Jackie's.

As I get out of the truck, I see Jackie standing in the doorway. There is no happy to see you smile on his/her face. She/he has on a blue dress. It was a snug fit, clinging to his/her ass and bust,fishnet stockings and black high heels. With red lipstick on and looked like she/he was ready for action. A very sexy looking outfit. She looks stunning. 

Oh, man! My cock is starting to rise, just seeing him/her. Finally, a smile on her/his face and looking at my crotch she asked what's got me so excited.

Doing a little curtsy, Jackie takes my hand and say's, "Come in and make your self comfortable, couch, chair, coffee, tea or me? I've missed you Mack."

Trying to sound and look serious I say, "We have to talk."

"So, this is a serious visit? No hanky-panky? Even though I saw a rise in your demeanor when you arrived," Jackie says.

Jackie has crossed and uncrossed her legs at least three times. Giving me crotch shots of her smooth ,clean thighs and white thong. This isn't going to be easy. I have images of both Fred and Jackie sessions going through my mind.

Finally I start by saying, "Jackie, I know you want an exclusive relationship. I understand and appreciate your feelings. But, I've been with Fred now for over a year and it's not just a sexual relationship. He suspected something was going on since I had been unavailable at home a couple times. He came over yesterday and confronted me. I told him that we had been together twice. Now he has kind of given me an ultimatum." 

Jackie gets up and nervously moves around the living room, touching and moving things on the end tables. Finally, standing in front of me she/he says, "Mack, I was truly hoping we were going to have an ongoing and lasting relationship. I thought the two times we were together were amazing. As an older gentleman, I thought you would be the one man in my life for years to come. I guess I shouldn't have been thinking. 

You know I don't want a three-way and if your seriously involved with Fred, I'll assume we are over and done. I won't accept a relationship on the sly."

Well Mack, you've got your ultimatums from both parties. Whatcha gonna do, whatcha gonna do, when they won't cum for you? Two times with Jackie and over a year with Fred. No brainer?

I move to the couch next to Jackie and say, "Look I'm just trying to be honest with you and Fred. I'm conflicted as to what and who I want. You have both given me ultimatums. Right now I can imagine myself saying fuck em both. I'll just find someone else. But that isn't really what I want to do."

Jackie slides closer to me, puts a hand gently on my thigh and say's," Life's a bitch and then you die."

With her/his casually placed hand on my thigh she leans in for a kiss. Our lips meet and I could feel the heat coming out of her, and as she slipped her tongue into my mouth I melted. Jackie's hand moved to my breasts and she/he pinched and pulled my nipples, I grabbed his/her cock through the thong and smiled at the size of it. She lifted my shirt, our mouths never missed a beat. 

Her cock was very hot and there of course was no pubic hair. Sliding to my knees, I pulled her thong to the floor and it hit the carpet the same time my knees did. I was confronted with her hard four inch cock.

Lowering my head I took a long sniff and it smelled sweet and musky. It twitched as if eager to be sucked. I placed my hand under Jackie's balls and sent my tongue sliding from the bottom of the shaft to the tip of her head. 

I can't tell you what I was thinking about when I placed the head in my mouth, it just felt right. Kneeling in front of this amazingly beautiful guy/gurl, and sucking her cock. I loved every minute of it. I felt it was my personal challenge to make her cum. Sucking and stroking, her hand rested on my head and my fingers went to her asshole and tickled, and probed. Her breathing became recognizable, and I increased my sucking on her cock, grabbed her ass cheeks and buried it in my mouth. I had to quit sucking, and just keep swallowing as load after load hit the back of my throat and then my stomach.

Her groans let me know I had succeeded. She pulled me in close and we lay there for a moment. I lay in her arms and stared at her cock waiting for it to go soft. It never did. She pushed me over on to my back and began to gently suck my nipples, and rub my crotch. I closed my eyes and imagined my cock getting hard, and her fingers maybe hitting all the right places.

Suddenly Jackie stopped.

To be continued..