 Last sentence, chapter 34-"Damn that was good!"

We both collapse into our chairs panting with smiles on our faces. Fred had dropped his shorts and was fondling his cock. A large drop of pre-cum was seeping out of his slit. He pointed his cock at me, so I leaned forward onto my knee and put my right hand around his cock. It was warm and fleshy and a shudder ran through his body as I closed my hand around it. Using my thumb I started to rub his clear juice all over his helmet. I could see his cock hardening as I continued. I love that feeling and he apparently did also. As his dick lengthened I started to slowly pump it. 

He spread his feet apart and I took that as a signal to play with his balls. It seemed strange massaging someone else balls, other than Jackie's. Of course I had done this before for Fred but it seemed ages ago. I enjoyed every second of it. My hands were evoking some involuntary jerks and that made me want to accelerate what I was doing. I love having my ball bag patted and I started gently smacking his with my left hand.

His cock was as hard as it was going to get as I continued to jack him off. "My shorts pocket, get the packet," Fred says.

Reaching into his shorts pocket with out letting go of his cock is a little difficult. Finally finding the packet of lube, I tear the top off with my teeth. As I'm getting ready to squirt the lube into my hand and on his cock, he slides forward in the chair and puts his legs over my shoulders and says, "My pussy Mack. Make my pussy and cock feel good."

So, I squeezed some on my fingers, and squirted some on his hole, its chill causing a bit of a flinch in his body. 

I slowly grazed his hole with my finger, and massaged the lube in, careful not to hurt him. After a moment of this, I slowly pressed my finger into the rosette, and began to move my finger in short strokes. He gasped and moaned in rhythm with my finger's movements, and I could hardly bear it. I wanted to dive into him and deeply explore him long and slow. I began to slowly fuck him with long, full strokes. His breath came in gasps. Shorter firmer strokes seemed to cause him to leak more, and so I kept doing that. I was becoming more and more animalistic in my movements and added another finger. Fred was moaning and trying to move his ass pussy back and forth. I was watching his face when I felt his pussy tighten on my fingers. I saw his cock spurting hard and repeatedly.

Fred was pushing his ass towards me and saying, "Yes, yes it's all good, catch my cum, let me eat it. I'm cumming, I'm cumming. Fuck my pussy."

I, knew what he liked and had moved my other hand to rest on his stomach. It must have been several days since Fred had cum because his first shot went clear up to his tits. The subsequent shots were landing on my fingers and palm. When I knew he was done except for maybe some milking I asked, "You want a lick?"

"Please, Fred says.

I remove my fingers from his ass pussy, lean forward and slide them into his open mouth. He starts licking and sucking but quickly stops.

"That doesn't taste like my cum. It tastes like the lube I get from tonguing your ass," he says.

Switching hands, I hold it over his mouth and allow his cum to slowly slide off onto his tongue and down his swallowing throat. Fred is making smacking noises and murmuring. He reaches up grabs my hand and licks it clean. Finally exhausted we both sit back in our chairs and pull up our shorts.

"That was great, for both of us. You always make me feel wonderful when I'm with you weather we have sex or not. This is a friendship to hold onto. Not to be lost to a gurl with tits. You want smooth and cleanly shaved I'll make that happen. You want tits? I'll see what I can do to satisfy you in that regard. We are friends, Mack and it should be like that until one of us expires. I don't mean to get morbid but that's how I feel," Fred says.

Shit, shit, shit. Nothing has been settled.

To be continued..