 Last sentence chapter 25- ignore it, just ignore it.

Jackie tore away from me, went to the phone and jerked it out of the connection box. Walking back towards me she/he discarded all of her outfit except for the hose. Standing in front of me and slowly massaging my dwindling cock she says, "What happens now? We were both in at least a semi hard state of arousal."

"Well I like to treat my women right. So I do believe I'll go back to where I was since I now have a more clear picture of what I'm dealing with," I said.

I returned to sucking her nipples, caressing her ass and squeezing her cock till she was panting out loud. I ran my finger up the crack of her butt, teasing gently at her anus but not entering it. 

I licked her chest, her neck her firm tummy. I told her she was sexy and how much she turned me on. Then I told her to stand in front of me and I did something that made her crazy - I took her dick in my mouth and began sucking!

I pulled on her buttocks to keep her close to my face and sucked and licked her she-male cock. I teased it with my tongue. I blew on it. I reached up and pinch one of her hardened nipples. 

I pulled her ass cheeks apart hard. I jerked my head up. "Do you want to cum?," I asked her.

"Yes," Jackie moaned.

I was surprised at how breathy her voice sounded.

"Then tell me how much you want it," I told her.

"I want... I want to cum," Jackie said.

I gave a couple hard sucks on the tip of her cock. 

"Tell me how much you want it, beg me for it," I said.

"I want to cum, I really need to cum", Jackie said.

I felt her balls contract. 

"I want to make your pretty cock shoot for me. Show me how bad you want it - show me!," I said. 

I began sucking again, a little faster, my other hand caressing her balls. Jackie's cock moved in and out of my wet mouth. 

I stopped for a second and spat on my fingers, and went back to sucking and suddenly slid two fingers into her tight ass-pussy. 

I felt her balls contract and felt her she dick squirting hot thick jizz. I sucked it down greedily, like it was candy. I sucked hard, and wiggled my fingers inside her butt. She shot the biggest load, writhing and gasping.

Then I stood and kissed her. I know she could taste her cum in my mouth. 

"Oh, Mack! That was so wonderful. I didn't expect it but it was just what I wanted and needed. Now it's your turn baby," she said.

She gently took me by the hand and led me to the bedroom. When we got to the bed she pushed me onto my back on top of the blanket. She knelt down between my legs and sucked my nipples before moving down to my cock, which was now leaking copious amounts of precum. She moved down past my cock to my balls, taking first one, then the other into her mouth, before releasing them and licking her way up the underside of my shaft. She licked up the precum that was oozing out of my slit, then surprised me by taking my entire cock into her mouth in one go. I gasped and my cock twitched, almost shooting, but I regained control as she withdrew. 

She returned to my balls, licking and sucking them and tickling just behind them with one hand while slowly pumping my cock with her other hand. She kept me on the edge for about 15 minutes by licking up and down my cock and balls, and, every so often, briefly sliding my cock into her mouth. Whenever she sensed that I was getting too close she would back off and return to my balls.

Finally, she took the head of my cock into her mouth. My cock twitched as she worked her tongue over the underside of the head. As suddenly as she had begun she stopped, and trailed a finger around my ass and up over my shoulder. She circled one of my nipples with her finger, then bent down and tongued the other nipple. It felt like and electric shock had passed through me. Then she licked up my neck and gently probed her tongue into my ear. 

She's fucking driving me crazy and all I want to do is cum. The mirrors on all the walls of Jackie's bedroom are showing her beautiful body. Also what she/he is doing to my body. I can't stand it any longer and thrust my hips and cock fully into her mouth and shoot my load. While yelling "I'm cunning, I'm cumming," I said.

Jackie has my cock deep in her throat and is swallowing and swallowing just like a pussy gripping my cock. Finally she rises up licks her lips and smiles at me.

Jackie, is running her tongue over her lips, and says, "Mack, that was a definite do again session that is worth repeating. So why don't I fix us some dinner and if you would like to spend the night we could really get to know each other better? I really hope you say, yes."

To be continued...