 Last sentence of chapter 24... I'm sorry about this.

Leaving Jackie's I couldn't decide what to do or where to go for an hour. Eventually I decided like everyone else to go to Wal-Mart. Using my mental grocery list that was filled with smooth lightly tanned legs and cute school gurl outfit I finally deciphered some non-frozen items on the list and proceeded to kill an hour shopping. Returning to the car, I checked my watch and realized it had been over an hour and a half since I'd left Jackie's. How time fly's at wally world? I dialed her number and listened to 4 ring-backs and then a soft sexy voice say "Hello, I hope this is Mack?"

"Yes, Jackie it's Mack. I'm glad to know your home," I said.

There was a several second's pause and finally Jackie said, "Mack, it been over an hour and I was beginning to think I had disappointed you and you weren't going to call or return. Please don't tell me that's why your calling. I've been sitting here anxiously awaiting your call."

"No, I just lost track of time. I am more than anxious and willing to return and see how this situation is going to develop," I said.

"Please, hurry. The door will be unlocked and I'll be waiting with the mimosa's re-chilled," she said.

"I'm on my way, 15 minutes at the most," I said.

Pulling into the driveway, shutting off the car and almost running to the house was an exercise in restraint. She must have been watching for me because when I opened the door, there she/he stood. Blonde wig his makeup was balanced and made him look ever so feminine. He had on a sheer outer wrap, open in the front. Underneath, a Black bra, strapless. Next, he had on a black garter, an obvious match for the bra. Black fishnet hose. Black high heel shoes. And the biggest turn on, other than the shapely legs, black crotchless panties which outlined his tiny cock and cupped his beautiful balls perfectly.

I slowly approached Jackie, trying to conceal the obscene bulge in the right leg of my shorts. I slid my hands under the outer wrap and tenderly rubbed her aroused breasts through her sheer bra. I attempted to unhook the back snaps with little luck. Jackie, smiled and helped me in this daunting task, until finally the skimpy garment fluttered down to her feet. I then slid my hand down to Jackie's crotch-less panties, feeling her smoothness and the heat down there. I pushed the sexy garment down one delicious inch at a time, delighting as my fingers massaged the growing manhood. When the panties fell to Jackie's' feet, she quickly stepped out of them. Pushing my hands away for a moment, she outlined the tent in my boxers, slowly pressing my engorged prick toward the center fly slit. She winced as my prick spread the fly agonizingly slowly. When my cock finally worked its way through the center opening, Jackie sighed at the sight and unexpectedly pushed my engorged tool back into my boxers. I grunted as she suddenly pulled them down, causing my prick to hit my stomach with a loud "thwack"!

I quickly lower my head to her nipples. Alternating between each nipple with my tongue and lips. Her pale pink nipples were hard as tiny pebbles between my lips. All the while I nursed and teased

Jackie's breasts, her hand was buried down between her legs as she rubbed the palm of her hand up and down the shaft of her little, girly cock. 

Unless you've ever touched or sucked the breasts of a she/he, you can only imagine how tender and soft they feel. True, Jackie wasn't like other girls, women, but in this situation she was all girl in my opinion. I kissed and licked every inch of Jackie's tits while she sighed and cooed her enjoyment. Every time I pinched a nipple, Jackie's frame shivered and she sucked in breath.

"You really love having your nipples teased, don't you?" I asked.

"Mm m, yes," she replied.

"Maybe I could do a little more. Just let me know if it hurts."

I placed my lips over Jackie's left breast and kissed her pale, pink nipple lovingly. Then I parted my teeth and placed them gently around the tip, adding no pressure just yet. Jackie put a hand on the back of my head and caressed my hair. I closed my teeth just a millimeter and Jackie's body shook with delight and she dug her nails into my scalp.

I bit down again - harder this time - and Jackie's back arched, bringing her chest closer to my face. She yelped in a mix of pain and pleasure. I pressed my teeth into her nipple with a little more pressure and she was soon panting wildly.

"Does it hurt?" I asked.

"Yes," she said. "Do it harder."

Who was I to refuse? I clamped my teeth firmly around Jackie's nipple and she quickly covered her mouth with her hand to stifle a small scream. I didn't relent and Jackie didn't mind. I bit and chewed her nipple for a bit longer until Jackie's reactions seemed to be diminishing, then I moved on to the other one. The entire process began anew and Jackie loved every second of it.

I (and you) don't/won't fucking believe it! The phone rings again. I stop my titty play and stand there shacking my head. Jackie tries pulling my head back to her breasts but I resist.

Jackie grabs my head in both hands and says, "Ignore it, just ignore it."

to be continued..