 Last sentence chapter 30..I must talk to Jackie..

Jackie has been upfront with me about her past relation's. The rejections, beatings and all things relating to his/her life style. I surely don't want to upset her or close any opportunities in regards to our relation's. Such soft thighs I thought to myself. Soft and shaved smooth and clean. Like the rest of him. And with fantastic small breasts. Someone that is willing to satisfy me without requiring any reciprocation.

But I still have to deal with Fred. So, I guess it's time to call Jackie. 

As I'm dialing, I'm wondering what to say. The phone rings Jackie answers and says, "Hi Mack, it's about time you called."

"I guess you have caller I.D.," I said.

"Yes, and I've had to keep my self from calling you everyday since you left," Jackie said.

"I have to seriously talk to you," I said.

She mumbled something.

"I'm sorry, I didn't hear what you said."

"Nothing, it's nothing," Jackie said.

"Well it must have been something and must have been important or you wouldn't have said it. Why did you mumble, instead of saying it out loud," I asked?

There is a long pause and finally Jackie says, "I mumbled because I know whats coming. It's the same old story only without the beatings, abuse and or the humiliation. A one time shot with the ts/tv gurl and now it's over. If it was just a conversation about us and our relationship you would do it in person".

"Jackie, there's nothing more I'd like than to see you in person for this discussion. But, that's what I'm afraid of, seeing you in person. We/I wouldn't get much discussed," I said.

She giggled and even the sound of her voice was charming, soft and sweetly feminine. In my minds eye I can see the rest of his/her sweet feminine figure. 

"I think we could have a conversation without any hanky panky. If that's all you desire. Why don't you come over, I'll fix us a drink and listen to what you have to say. Two friends relaxing and talking. I'm not afraid of being rejected, it's happened before but hope that's not what this is about," she said.

"No, it's not about rejection. It's about Fred," I said.

There's another pause and Jackie finally says, "Mack come over. We can discuss Fred or anything else your heart desires."

And the hanky-panky, I ask?

"Only if you instigate it. It will be a difficult problem for me to keep my hands off you but I will make a concerted effort," Jackie said.

"I'm not worried about your hands, it's mine that concern me. But I'll be there in half an hour," I said.

"Good, I'll be waiting," Jackie said.

Arriving at Jackie's', the door is flung open the second I close the car door. Standing in the doorway with a smile big as the moon. "WOW! You do look lovely dressed like this. You really do have a gorgeous figure I cannot see why you haven't been able to get another steady friend," I said. 

She giggles mockingly. "I suppose there's not many guys' who want a man who likes to wear woman's clothes. Mini dress, mini slip, bra etc, etc," she says.

She opens her arms wide and I step into them. She held me close and kissed me hard on the lips. One hand fingering my waist the other around my shoulder pulling me close. Her kissing got hotter and hotter. Her hand around my neck dropped to my butt and was soon joined by the other. She squeezed my cheeks and began pulling my groin into hers. What happened next was what I dreaded and my cock which had been flaccid all day, woke up and began to stiffen. I break the embrace saying, "This is what I was afraid would happen."

Jackie smiles and walks away, her saucy little butt making the shiny silver mini dress shimmer against the black satin mini slip.

The wig she/he has on is strawberry blonde. The wig is a layered, shoulder length style, like Jennifer Aniston's. I want so bad to slowly remove her/his clothes and touch her/his smooth body all over.

I can't resist and when Jackie turns around I fold him/her into my arms and lightly kiss her lips and neck. She/he starts to moan softly. I run my hand over her back and butt, reaching under her dress and mini slip. I can feel her body responding to my touch. I tug on her/his mini slip and it slowly falls' to the rug. I get on my knees, taking in the luscious sight of Jackie's small, hard, shaved cock. I stick my tongue out and lick the tip and instantly make contact with the pre-cum head. She/he moans sharply in complete ecstasy as my skillful tongue played her slit like a virtuoso. As I pulled her/his ass cheeks closer her moans gradually changed into deep howls of pure lust, encouraging me to flick my tongue even faster and finally sucking her prick completely into my mouth wringing an orgasm out of her pulsing penis in a pure wave of spurt after spurt.

Jackie, has a hold on my head with both hands but suddenly releases it and falls backward on to the couch. Panting she/he says, "Mack I thought you didn't want any hanky-panky? That was so tenderly delicious and loving. How about I return the favor?"

"No, let's just relax, I assume your relaxed, and we'll talk," I said.

To be continued...