 Last sentence chapter 40- "Go grocery shopping"

After my mind blowing decision to abandon Jackie and make a commitment to Fred, I felt kinda at peace with my life and future. There was only one problem. Fred is gone. Something to do with his daughter up north. He was in a hurry to leave and didn't offer any more information about the situation. Plus, he hasn't even bothered to call. I hope he's alright. I have been pondering calling Jackie but I do believe that bridge is completely burned.

I did my grocery shopping. Stopped at my local watering hole for a couple of beers and caught up with some friends. Back home with some dinner and TV. Probably should mow and edge the property(edge myself also). I wake up in morning and go to the kitchen to make coffee. As it's brewing, I'm generally looking out the window and letting my robe fall open exposing my body. 

I gently began to caress my nipples and enjoy how hard they become. The feeling is irresistible so I continued caressing, massaging and squeezing them until I could barely control myself. I looked down at them and noticed that my dick has become aroused...rubbery and semi hard. I take just the head in my hand to encourage it to become harder.

One hand on my nipples and the other hand stroking my cock head into its ultimate hardness. I continued this for a while until the coffee pot starts sputtering indicating that it was finished brewing. I'm almost at the point of orgasm but chose to wait by having a hot cup. Cumming feels so great and edging is divine. But having someone else doing the touching and stroking would be fantastic. Especially if they eventually kneel down and sucked my cock into their warm, wet mouth. Fred, where are you?

Four days later, mowing and edging done. Hit the bar 2 days out of the 4. Good to reacquaint with friends, been isolated for too long. Poker game tomorrow night. Still no Fred. 

Won $40.00 at poker, had a great time.

Fuck it!! Bored!! Guess I'll head to Georgia for a few days and see family.

A day down, a day back and a 3 day visit. Great time but nice to be back in the old homestead. Ten days gone bi and still nothing from Fred. Dam, must be something serious.

Fred is back finally, after 13 days. I haven't seen him yet but he did call to say he would be up this afternoon for drinks. I can't believe how anxious I am to see him. Probably cause I'm horny and haven't cum in almost 2 weeks. I did tons of edging but no climaxes. Saving my load for Fred has been the most difficult thing I've ever done. Now I hope for sweet release.

It's alcohol time and no Fred. I keep glancing out the window to see if he's coming. Nothing yet- relax, Mack- soon, I hope. I can feel the anticipation in my groin. 

Finally, a knock at the door. With a quiver in my voice I say, "Come in, it's open."

Fred walks in dressed in what appears to be a kimono. He stands there smiling and says, "Mack, it's good to see you and great to be back home." With that said he stepped back and slowly untied his kimono. He dropped it to the floor and gave a slow twirl. I stared with amazement at his newly slimmed body. He ran his hands over the new body, tweaking his erect nipples. I couldn't believe my eyes. 

From between his legs rose a beautiful semi-hard cock. I watched as it slowly rose up from the hairless loins. The cock head forced it's way out of what little foreskin he has and grew to a fairly thick 4 inches and a drop of precum appeared from the slit. He flexed it up and down, which broke the spell I had seemingly been under.

"You asked me before, so now I'll ask you. Like what you see?" he asked. I nodded.

"Get down on your knees. "Then kiss it for me. Take it in your mouth," Fred said. In an almost trance like state, I complied. 

Grabbing his ball sac I stretched my tongue out and licked the head of his cock. I 

circled his cock head with my tongue, then I opened my mouth engulfed his cock down to the balls. I continued working my tongue around his cock. I eased off slightly and concentrated on the head. Wrapping my hand around the ball sac I lightly squeeze. After a minute he begins to moan and says, "Please, please, I need to cum. Make me cum. AH, yes. Get ready to swallow."

Pulling my tongue as far back into my throat as possible, I get ready for his load to shoot down my throat. I know the size of the cock has nothing to do with the size of the load. But, it seems as though that little 4 inch-er shoots enough cum to fill several shot glasses. Thank goodness I had my throat opened as much as possible. Spurt after spurt shot into my mouth and slid down my throat. I never tasted a drop until I milked his cock as he was starting to fall backwards and staggers to the couch.

I wonder when my sweet release will cum?

To be continued...