 last sentence chapter 38- and this could last a while.

"Get down on your knees," I whispered.

"You like what you see?" I asked.

Fred nodded.

"Then kiss it for me. Take it in your mouth."

He stretches his tongue out and licks up the drop of precum. Apparently savoring the slightly salty taste before circling my cock head with his tongue, then opening his mouth he takes the head in. He continues to work his tongue on the underside as he slowly lowers his mouth down on my cock. 

He eases off slightly, then pushes more of my cock into his mouth, until his lips touched the base. He slowly sucks back to the head and concentrates there with his hand wrapped around the base and jerks me back into his mouth. 

He alternates between licking and sucking the head, and pumping in and out. After a few minutes he begins to moan. He withdraws my cock from his mouth.

"If you're not careful, I'm going to to cum in your mouth," I say.

His reply was to take my cock back into his mouth and work at it with renewed vigor, pumping more of my cock into his mouth with each down-stroke until he had the whole cock in. My cock head was lodged in his throat and he worked his swallowing muscles on it. 

Withdrawing about halfway and plunging back down again. By now, his breath was coming in quick gasps and my cock was rapidly twitching. I was ready to blow any second. He kept the head of my cock deep in his throat, working it. Making it feel like fucking a pussy.

In many ways it's much better than pussy. Mainly because he's so damn good at it. Also cause you can look down and see him working it like he loves what he's doing. He does love what he's doing so much that he almost makes more noise than I do. Moans and grunts and looking up at me. It seems as though there is a twinkle in his eyes.

I can feel the tingling in my groin and balls. I reach down and clasp his head pulling him into me. "It's cumming, Fred. My love juice is cumming, get ready to swallow. Drink me dry. It's good, it's so good. Now, now, now," I say.

He's massaging my perineum, still squeezing my balls, swallowing and sucking. It feels as though the cum is going to explode out the back of his head. I shoot and shoot and he swallows and swallows. Finally after what seems like minuets, I know I'm drained. Fred lets my cock flop out of his mouth, releases my balls and panting, he collapses. 

Finally, both of us flop into our chairs and relax. It's a good thing we live basically in the boonies. We sure couldn't have all this naked outdoor activity in the city. Unless of course we had a tall fence. It sure is nice and without any anxiety. A bed, couch or carpeted floor is more comfortable than a porch but you take the opportunity when it cums available.

Fred is smiling and says, "That was great. Just one question. Was it as good or better than Jackie? Does it help you make your decision? Who's it gonna be Mack."

I think it's a no-brainer. I'll miss the great tiny A-cup tits. But being sucked, fucking and sucking can be accomplished without tits. Nipple play is still possible. We have closeness,isolation, convenience and mutual desire.

"Fred, it's decision time and I decide on us," I say.

Fred holds up his hand and say's, "That's all I want to hear."

"Wait, let me finish. We are friends and I want to stay friends, with or without benefits. Jackie has a body that is unbelievable, great tits and a cock similar to yours. To be honest with you, the two times with her/him was something I never thought would happen in my life. I could see my self with her/him until the day I die.

And, that brings us to another scenario. Neither of us is getting any younger and thank goodness we both have decent health. But, what does our future hold if one of us happens to develop serious health problem(s)," I say.

Fred has sort of a stunned look on his face but finally says,"I never thought that far ahead. But that's a valid point you brought to my attention. How about we make a life long commitment and see what happens?"

"Now comes the next task. I have to tell Jackie of my decision," I say.

Fred gets up, pulls on my shorts and says, "I'll leave you to take care of business."

to be continued-