 Last sentence chapter 46.."So much for females."

Fred's knees begin to buckle. I quickly stand up, grasping his arms and slowly lower him to the floor. Panting and moaning he smiles up at me and says, "Who needs Bud? But speaking of him, we need to come to a decision in regards to further visits. But right now I need to relax, take a shower and think about a drink. Wish I still smoked cigarettes"

"Well, I'm open to discussion. But I don't know that another person is necessary. It might be nice on occasion, especially as I've mentioned before—his shower," I said. 

Bud is slowly moving toward the bathroom but stops to say, "Oh, yes! That shower is a great party room. Nipple sucking, cock sucking ass fucking and feeling clean all at the same time. We did have a good time at his place and now I understand he has a new deck, hot tub and pool. Maybe we should seriously think about moving in with him."

"Your joking, right?" I said.

Bud smiles and says," Ya, kinda. Speaking of showers, that's where I'm going. Care to join?"

"Sure, if it's only for a shower? Then relax with a drink and cigar," I said.

"Sounds good to me. Lets do it," Fred says.

Since Fred had recently enclosed his deck, it was really relaxing to sit out there naked after our showers and enjoy a couple of whiskey and waters with a smooth cigar. Eventually the conversation turned to Bud with Fred asking, "Should I give Bud a call tomorrow?"

"Well it seems that it is not unusual for old guys like us with no women in our lives to want to explore gay sex, and find "love" with another man. There sure are many web-sites dedicated just to men like us. I guess that's what our future holds, so I'm sure a call to Bud couldn't hurt," I said.

"How about now? I'll put him on speaker phone and we'll see what he's got in mind. I'll get an eraser board and we can message each other and he'll think it's just me he's talking to. He has a belief that you really aren't into him and or three ways," Fred says.

Fred comes back with a couple of boards and two pens. Reaching over the table, he pulls the phone closer, pushes the talk button and then a speed dial button. We hear ringing and then, "This is Bud, talk to me Fred."

"What you got in mind for activities, Bud", Fred asks?

There was a pause and Bud finally says,"I want to very slowly take the head of your wonderful cock into my mouth and just kept it there while I run my tongue around it licking it all over. I want to taste your pre-cum. After a while I want to take more and more of your rock hard and twitching cock into my mouth and in the end I have the whole thing in and down my throat. I want to feel the big head of your cock opening my throat as it goes down then I start to move my head up and down and I take it out of my mouth until just the very tip is touching my lips before opening them again and sliding all the way down.

If Mack is with us . I want him to gently ease his cock into me. I'll push to open myself up to him, and took him in... I"ll feel his wonderful cock all the way into my ass and my eyes will roll back in ecstasy. He'll began to stroke it in and out slowly, but all the way. I relaxed and let my anal canal naturally wrap around his cock. With his in and out stroking, I'll be moving your cock in and out also.

Does this give you an idea of what I have in mind. Especially if it involves all three of us."

Fred and I have just been sitting there listening to Bud's oration. Neither of us saying or writing anything. Fred looks at me with a tilt of his head and a raised eyebrow. I give him a smile and a nod of my head.

"Bud, that's sounds exciting. Let me get a hold of Mack and I'll get back to you. Any particular time, day etc in mind" Fred asks?

"Well the week-end is suppose to be in the 80's. That gives you a couple of days to get back to me and I'll make sure the hot tub and pool are ready for use," Bud says.

"You'll hear from me one way or the other soon. Thanks for your time and hope to see you soon," Fred says.

Fred looks at me and says, "Well,are we in or out?"

"Well, it sounds as though this guy wants to be our slut. If that's what you want, then I see no reason for me not to include myself in all the fun and games," I said.

To be continued..