 "Oh, I thought I'd never stop cumming," Jackie says.

Smiling, I say, "And it doesn't appear that it was debilitating. Your cock is still hard as a rock."

"Yes and I know exactly what I want to do with it. Would you like me to fuck you, sweetie?" Jackie asked. 

I could only nod. Jackie moved back towards the end table and reached into the top drawer. She removed a bottle of lubricant and liberally applied the liquid to her cock. She stroked it again, spreading the jelly equally across its surface. 

I turned my back to Jackie and knelt on all fours on the couch with my head resting on the arm. Looking back I see Jackie crawl behind me and slowly massaged the soft flesh of my ass cheeks and gently spread them apart. 

She flicked out her tongue and let it touch the rubbery opening. It made my body tremble. She licked again and I moaned. She began licking up and down my crack, opening and closing my cheeks spreading saliva all along the opening. She worked her tongue into the hole, wriggling it around, until my entire body was shaking.

Once she felt the hole was loose enough, she put the tip of the her cock against my ass and began slowly pushing it inside. I instinctively relaxed the muscles in my ass to allow her cock inside . Jackie continued applying pressure until the head passed the sphincter and then the rest of

slid in effortlessly.

Jackie moved her hips forward until there wasn't a centimeter of space between her thighs and my white ass cheeks. I could feel her small cock pressing against my prostate and her cock stiffened almost to a painful degree. She reached down and grabbed my cock and began to jerk it furiously. Within a minuet, a gob of semen erupted from my balls, spilling all over her hand and the couch. Jackie then moved back, letting her cock slide out of my ass. I turned my head to Jackie and she/he said "I just came again." 

Both of us finally relaxing Jackie says, "Mack, that was great but I need to know your decision in regards to me and Fred".

"Whoa, way to ruin a mood gurl," I say.

Pulling a throw over us, Jackie says, "Be that as it may, you are expected to make a decision."

"I know. I know. I will. But you both need to give me some time. I told you I was conflicted, so much so that last night was basically sleepless," I said.

Standing up and putting on his/her thong, adjusting the now soft cock Jackie says, "I and I'm sure Fred would appreciate the decision soon rather than later. No more then two days. I know I want to get on with my life and I'm sure Fred does also."

Also standing and pulling on shorts and T-shirt, I can't resist pulling her to me, licking and kissing those fine a-cup tits. Finally stepping back, I tell her/him "I'll get back to you with my decision as soon as I make it." 

Patting my cheek, Jackie gives me a quick kiss, pats my butt and says, "Soon, Mack. Soon."

Arriving home I see Fred sitting on my porch. He's sitting there naked fondling his cock and playing with his nipples. 

"You went to see Jackie, I'll bet. I hope if there's a decision it benefits me," he says. Then motions me to come closer. reaching out he pulls my shorts and lets them drop to the floor.

Cupping my cock and balls and with kind of a frown he says, "It's truly soft and looks abused. He lightly touches the exposed head. The tips of his fingers gently glided over the topside of the head, causing me to shudder. The head of my penis was extremely sensitive - perhaps because of recent use. 

As a result, even so much of a feather touch would cause strong sensations. He continued to explore just the head. He placed his thumb right at the base of my slit and slowly slid it up over the small opening, which caused a drop of pre-cum to form. He felt the slight lubrication and used his thumb to spread it over the entire head. 

Every single time he moved his fingers over my penis, the ultra-sensitive head would almost cause me to jerk away - not in pain, but just in an intense feeling of pleasure. He moved his fingers down below the base of the head, where my foreskin rested. 

He traced around the foreskin before pulling it down the shaft as far as it would go. He then used his thumb on the underside, and two fingers on the topside of the shaft to pull the foreskin slowly up over the base of the head. He pulled the foreskin back down just as slowly. He repeated this several times, taking it all the way to the head and all the way to the base.

I can't believe it but my cock has grown some what stiff. Fred, uses his thumb and two fingers to slide it into his mouth. Grabbing my ass cheeks, he starts moving me back and forth. Ah, face fuck time and this could last a while.

To be continued...