 Last sentence, chapter 44 - "give you a call."

Oh, man. Stretching and relaxing, I dozed off. I don't know how long I was out but coming awake, I feel my tits being rubbed and pinched. Fred is kneeling over me and smiling with a hard-on saying, "Breakfast will be in 10 minuets. If you'd like a quick shower, go for it and then come to the kitchen."

I quickly flipped Fred over onto his back. Bent down and proceeded to lick and nibble his nipples. After I'd tormented his nipples for a while, I decided it was time to move on . I kissed my way from Fred's tits to his sternum, then down his now flat tummy to his belly button. His hard-on was clearly visible and I took a moment to admire it. There was nothing intimidating about it. Four inches isn't intimidating, just my right size.

Every questions I might have felt about my own sexuality were erased months ago especially after what we have done. After all, we've been together for over a year. We've done everything imaginable and will carry on for the rest of our lives together. Fred smiles at me and says, "There's no time for this if you want breakfast and a quick shower."

Startling Fred, I jump up and go into the bathroom. Closing the door, I can hear him laughing. Minuets later getting out of the shower, I rummage thru a drawer in Fred's dresser and find a pair of light weight summer shorts. Heading for the kitchen I can smell coffee and realize how starved I am. Fred's standing at the stove. He turns and say's, "Grab a seat your just in time. Juice, steak, egg, toast and coffee, dig in."

We both dig in with little or no conversation. Finally done eating and on the second cup of coffee, I push my chair away from the table. Fred's smiling and say's "Wow, what a view."

I realize that my cock has slipped out the side of the shorts. I give Fred a wink and say, "Well you said you wanted to eat at the Y."

Sliding out of his chair Fred kneels down in front of me and pulls my shorts off. Moving between my legs he leans forward and licks my balls and the tender spot right behind them. I moaned in pleasure. He slides me forward to the edge of the chair.

"I love your shaved nuts, and when you're really, really hard your cock's a good 6 1/2 inches," he say's.

He then starts to tongue my erect shaft. God what a feeling! He then takes my cock in his mouth and pay's special attention with his tongue behind the ridge of my dick head. I was ecstatic with pleasure. As he was sucking he spread my ass checks and rubbed his fingers along my anus. That did it! Without warning I exploded, filling his mouth with my white juice. He choked for a moment but then eagerly swallowed it all. My knees went weak and we both went down on the floor.

I always loved the fact that I am a straight male who loves women. That is, until my friend Fred stopped by that one day showed me something, something different. Our relationship doesn't require flowers, dinner, drinks or even sweet talk. So, I'm not totally straight any more. Who gives a shit? Who knows? Except for three people other than my self (of course you know from my stories). Again, who gives a shit. All this in running through my mind as I'm thinking about getting up from the floor.

I guess that isn't going to happen. I feel Fred's hand fondling my cock. After a minuet or so he raises up over me lowered himself down and gently cupped my cock into his mouth. He started with just a little bit of suction on the head and he used his hand to slowly stroke the base of my cock. Then slowly with each bob of his head started going down further and further down my shaft until he had as much in his mouth as he could take. The pleasure was intense. He seemed to know what my cock was thinking. When it started to get too excited and ready to blow, he would slow down and just lick up and down my shaft. Then as my cock started to soften a bit he would ram his head down on it and start sucking hard. I didn't think my dick could get any harder.

I knew I was going to cum again soon. It was such a fantastic, pleasurable, intimate sexual emotional act Fred was doing. He began to swallow, and with each swallow, it felt like my cock would actually enter his throat. As it was, I could feel his throat nipping at the head. My cum was spurting right into his throat and he was swallowing it as fast as I could deliver it. Even Fred was squirming around now, and I saw his hand move between his legs, where he began to rub himself. 

Fred continued to suck my cock until I was totally soft and my balls were completely dry. I can't believe I've cum twice in the last hour and a half.

To be continued...