  last sentence chapter 43 "and we'll cuddle"

The cuddling didn't last long as we both fell fast asleep. I got up once during the night for the old man call. Lizard drained I slip softly back into bed. Fred stirs a little throws a leg over my body, lays a hand on one of my tits and softly resumes snoring. 

Next thing I know is bright sunlight in my eyes, a hand softly stroking my semi hard dick and a finger gently wiggling in my ass. I do some kegel's to let Fred know I'm awake. 

"I'm sorry only have two hands otherwise I'd be on those nipples too," Fred says.

Reaching a hand back to check Fred's cock, I tell him, "Keep doing what you're doing and one of those hands will be full."

"I wondered what went on while I was gone. Apparently nothing. You've been leaking pre-cum for at least the last five minutes. So I'll assume you haven't had many sweet release's. My only problem is how I want your sweet release to cum?" Fred says.

Removing his finger from my ass I relax and concentrate my mind on my cock which is now starting to get rock hard. 

Fred, still holding my cock swing's his leg over my hips, so he was kneeling over my cock. He leans forward a bit and tries to position his ass over my penis. I felt the head of it find the wet slit. Lifting his ass a bit and I felt my cock enter about an inch into his ass cunt. He was doing this slowly, which made it feel a lot more intense. I remember the slickness and warmth of previous sessions as he took my cock the whole way in. He was now sitting on me, leaning forward with his hands on my chest. He began to gyrate his hips unhurriedly. I grabbed his nipples as he began to build up a rhythm. 

My cock was pulsating inside him as the walls of his man cunt contracted around my cock, slowly milking it. I just lay there not doing anything for a while, playing with his nipples. I sat up a little bit so I could suck on them. This was straining to my back so I pulled him back down with me. I began to help him by moving my hips with his, trying to stay with his rhythm. His small and hard nipples felt wonderful. I squeezed his ass, as our fucking became more intense and flowing. I pushed into him a little bit harder, which forced a moan out of him, echoing through our kiss. 

I put my hands on his hips and pulled him closer so I could maneuver my penis into a faster fucking action. My cock slid all the way up into him which was nearly more friction than I could handle. The sensitive head of my cock was being milked by him doing kegels.

I fucked him hard, knowing I was going to come. The friction was smooth, tight and felt ridiculously warm. I felt the feeling billowing in my balls and before I knew it I was moaning loudly as an upsurge of cum erupted from my balls sending giant ripples of pleasure and dizziness through me. Fred pressed his lips against mine as I held on to his body as tight as I could. I actually came for about fifteen seconds, but felt like minuets, each load filling up Fred's ass cunt. After the last drop, I was utterly relaxed and my body went limp. My penis was going flaccid but Fred was contracting his ass muscles and letting me stay inside. I was proud that I lasted as long as I did.

"You know what would be nice right about now? If I could slowly remove your cock from my love hole, wipe it off while making it hard again and sucking it for fifteen minuets until you release another load," Fred says.

Patting his shoulder and lifting him away from my body I tell him, "All I want is to lay here and recuperate. Then eventually think about going home and having breakfast."

"Oh, no. Breakfast is here. Then if you want to go home okay. Hopefully I'll get to eat at the Y, but you can eat steak, eggs, toast and fresh brewed coffee. Relax and I'll get everything ready and give you a call.

To be continued...