 last sentence chapter 45- "twice in the last hour and a half."

  As I'm still laying on the floor, thinking of taking a nap, Fred stands up and has his cock in his hand. It's almost at full mast and he's stroking just the head. Looking me he says, "I'm going to enjoy this. So just lay there and watch."

  The fingers of one hand slipped up and down his small sensitive shaft in small, slow circular strokes, while those of the other cradled his sac and squeezed his testicles gently. He was starting to jerk his body back and forth while making murmuring sounds. Suddenly he's saying "YES!, YES!, YES!"

  Looking up at his face, I saw that he had his head thrown back with his eyes closed. His face had a tense look to it and his breathing was quicker than it had been. His aching cock shot a thick explosion of cum into the air which splashed onto my belly, another thrust, another shot of cum fired into the air covering my body in more thick cum. 

  I can see Fred's knees bending and he collapses on to the floor between my out spread legs. Panting and murmuring he inches his head up on to my belly and slowly begins to lap up his own sperm. Quietly but with an occasional sigh he inches upward finally lapping the last drop under my chin. 

  I can finally reach his cock. I squeeze his ball sac and milk his cock. The last several drops of cum spread into my palm. Knowing his cock head is sensitive, I gleefully begin a twisting motion, spreading his cum over the head. It doesn't take much and he's yelling, "Oh no, Oh no. Please stop, please."

  He's still saying "Oh no, Oh no. But also saying "Please, Please."

I let go of his cock and start gently rubbing his ass. Tickling his pussy hole lightly and inserting a finger to the first knuckle. He starts humping my finger, trying to get it deeper into his pussy hole. I gently push him away and get up off the floor.

  Fred stares up at me opened mouth and finally say's "Your going to leave me like this? Wanting more?"

  "What more do you want? We've both cum. I don't think this can go on for hours. I've never had this much sex in my entire life. Even when I was married. Don't get me wrong, it's great. But at mt age, I have to have time to recuperate" I said.

  It's not like I'm being a bitch. Cumming is great. But always in the back of my mind is the nagging thought that it's not sex with a female. The curves of the body, the smell, the softness. All the heterosexual feelings. It's always there, nag, nag, nag. Kinda like some females. Fred, never nags. Fred just want's to pleasure. And if I so choose, be pleasured. 

  O.K., I'm sorry. Your right. Lets just take a shower and relax," Fred say's.

  Less than a minuet later his phone rings. Struggling to his feet, he grabs the cordless. "This is Fred, talk to me," he says.

 "Hey, Bud. How's it going? As a matter of fact he's here with me now. I'll talk to and get back to you O.K? Well you hear my side of the conversation. Bud, wants us to get together at his place for some fun time. He says he misses us." Fred said.

 "Not right now, not even tomorrow. But soon? I do love that shower of his," I said.

 "I'll call him back tomorrow and see what kind of a time frame he has in mind. In the mean time, I believe a shower is in order for us," Fred says. 

  Fred's shower is nothing near Bud's. But does suit the immediate purpose. Getting out, Fred insists on toweling each other off. He goes first, paying special attention to my cock and balls.

  When my turn comes, I do the same. But unlike me, his cock gets stiff.

Looking at his face, I saw that he had his head thrown back with his eyes closed. His face had a tense look to it and his breathing was quicker than it had been. I knelt down and sucked his ball sac into my mouth. Rolling it around with my tongue. Slowly, I moved my tongue from his balls to the base of 

his shaft. I began licking the shaft all over, while moving higher and higher on it. As I got to the head 

where I licked his pre-cum, I began to taste it. Actually, it seemed to have very little taste to me. The 

fact that it didn't taste bad, like I expected it to.

Suddenly, Fred began hunching his cock up at my mouth and groaning, he begged me to suck his cock. I could tell he was really hot now, and guessed that it wouldn't be long before he shot his cum for me. I opened my mouth and allowed his cock to slowly slide in. The head of his dripping cock slid across my teeth and as it continued deeper into my mouth, I pressed my tongue up against it hard, pushing it up against the roof of my mouth. I moved my head closer, sliding his cock deeper and 

deeper into my mouth, until it bumped against the back, causing me to gag. I pulled back to where only the head was between my lips and as the gagging reflex passed, I began to lick the head of his cock.

Again, Fred began to hunch his hips at my mouth. I started bobbing my head on his cock, while I was still jiggling his balls in the fingers of my other hand. The head of his cock was sliding in and out, rubbing the roof of my mouth, while my tongue caressed the underside. When only the head of his cock was left in my mouth I quickly ran my tongue over it before sliding it back in. I loved the feel of his shaft in my mouth. I could feel the heat of his cock now, and the throb of the blood pumping through it.

From time to time, I would pull it completely out of my mouth and lick all over the head of it back and forth along the shaft. I noticed that as my tongue slid over the edge of the head, the corona, I think it's called, that Fred's cock would make a big lurch. It also gave a big jerk when I licked over that little sweet spot just under the head.

I was getting a lot of enjoyment from the feel of his cock, and continued to work on it. My own cock was as hard as it's ever been and it was making me hot as hell to be sucking on this guy's dick.

I could tell that Fred was getting very close to shooting his cum in my mouth. His face and body were very tense now. His cock had grown even harder and I could feel the head getting so big it totally filled my mouth, making it hard to keep my teeth off of it.

He was groaning from time to time and he began almost chanting for me to suck it - suck it - suck it.

I began bobbing my head faster, and pressed up against the under side of his cock even more with my tongue. As I pulled back, I applied more sucking and when the head of his cock was all that was left in my mouth, I swiped my tongue over the tip of it before moving my head back down, driving him back into my mouth. His cock was dribbling so much pre-cum that the entire inside of my 

mouth was coated with the stuff. 

The taste was still rather mild and it turned me on to think that I could do this. I was amazed at the feeling of power this was giving me. To know that I could turn anyone on this much. It didn't matter that it was another man. Just knowing that I could make him cum with very little effort and that right now he would do anything for me, just to keep me sucking on his cock.

Suddenly, Fred's whole body tensed and he moaned that he was about to cum. Not knowing if I could take his spurts into the back of my throat without gagging, I moved my head back to where only the head of his cock was between my lips. I rubbed my tongue all over it, as I took hold of the shaft and began to stroke it very quickly.

Suddenly, with a loud moan, Fred started shooting his cum into my mouth. I felt his hot sticky cum hit my tongue. I was surprised by the force of it, but continued to lick all over and around the head of his cock as it shot spurt after spurt of his cum into me. 

Finally, there were just dribbles coming out of him, but I continued to suck and lick at his cock. He had shot so much cum into my mouth that lots of it was running out of the corners. 

I swallowed quickly, getting a real good taste of his jizz.

Once my mouth was cleared of most of this cum, I moved my head back down his shaft, sucking his cock back into my mouth as far as I could. I continued to gently suck on him and lightly rub my tongue against the under side of his cock, until it had gotten almost totally soft and I could get no more juice out of it.

  So, much for females...

to be continued..