 Last sentence chapter 41- "I wonder when my sweet release will cum?"

I'm mesmerized by what I see sprawled out on my couch. Kneeling before him, I let my eyes discover this different man. There was no hair on his body. Every hair had been deftly shaven or waxed off leaving nothing but delicate and smooth flesh. No stomach or flab. I spread my fingers and touched the scrotum. Here again not a single pubic hair touched my fingers. I gathered the balls up gently with my fingers and pulled them upward toward the front and his thighs finally spread for me. Feeling and knowing this acceptance made me feel good inside. 

The tiny thing in my hand filled and stiffened. It grew in thickness, but not by very much. The tummy was flat though now it was heaving up and down shakily. I looked up to his tits and saw the bottom of the chin turning this way and that. More cum leaks out. I lick it down instinctively . I pulled my lips and tongue up and down the length of the tumescent organ.

Finally taking the whole thing into my mouth. It was small and it fit perfectly. I brought my hand up and gently caressed the shriveled scrotum and was amazed to find that I actually enjoyed how the balls cringed a little and moved inside there. I stroked the insides of his thighs with my finger tips while I kept sucking and bobbing my head slowly up and down, and the legs spread wider apart than they already were. 

Sensing the orgasm was over, I still spent a few moments working my mouth up and down the length of the small shaft, milking out any remaining cum. The sounds of breathing seemed to soften and slow. I looked up again and saw a smiling face beaming down at me.

Without a word spoken Fred pulls me up onto the couch. Kissed my mouth, tasting, I'm sure, the remnants of his own semen, then knelt on the floor in front of me. I leaned back to watch, and a moment later I saw and felt the warm mouth slowly descending around my prick. I thought I would spurt right then and there - and it would have been great - but Fred had other plans. He closed his eyes and began to run just the very tip of his tongue up and down the underside of my cock - similar to what I'd done to him. I felt myself stiffen even more, thicken incredibly and then that erotic flush subsided. I felt a familiar upward motion of something inside my dick. Fred wrapped his hand around me and squeezed. A large drop of pre-cum oozed out and began running down over my cock head. This he quickly and nimbly licked up with his tongue. He opened her eyes and smiled directly at me as he swallowed it. 

It's been so long since I've cum and I can't understand why I haven't shot my load. Yes, I can-it's because it feels so great to be sucked. But I know it will be so satisfying to cum. He simply continued to pleasure me like that until my own needs went beyond my control. Even this he somehow sensed, and when I squeeze his head between my thighs he opened his throat and engulfed my cock. My load erupts from deep in my groin. It seems as though I cum for minuets. Finally exhausted and looking down I see a big, smile on Fred's face.

Fred finally gets up on the couch beside me and both of us relax with our eyes closed and trying to catch our breath. Finally Fred speaks, "What do you think of the new me?"

"I'm impressed with everything about you," I say. 

"I had time on my hands up in Knoxville and kept seeing this ad on TV, Lifestyle Lift. But checking into it I found it was for facelifts only. I started checking around and found a doctor that would do more than that and now you see the new me," Fred says.

Standing up and reaching out to pull Fred up I say, "Well your knew look has nothing to do with what we both just did and enjoyed. I just hope when you look in the mirror you don't start thinking that I would need something like what you've done. I hope you didn't do it for me. 

To be continued..