 last sentence chapter 42-"I hope you didn't do it for me"

"OH, hell no. Well maybe a little. The gut was beginning to become embarrassing and the chicken neck was a disgrace. I was surprised at my recovery time. It's such a new me that I'd love to parade naked in front of the ex," Fred say's. 

"Well, you can parade naked in front of me anytime," I say.

Fred stands up twirl's around, stops and runs his hands all over his body. Fondling his cock with one hand and pinching a nipple with the other he says, "There were several messages on my answering machine. None from you of course but at least four from Bud. He's anxious for another get together." 

"Is that something you want?," I said.

Fred sit on the couch next to me and after a minuet or so says, "It would be nice to have another cock in the mix and another ass pussy. He does love to suck and be fucked. Plus he really doesn't require any reciprocation. He's just a nice usable slut. Anyway, just think about it and what ever your decision, we'll go with that."

"Okay, I'll let you know. I've gotta get dressed and go in to the bank. I'll be back in a while," I said.

Fred gets up and starts dressing. Looking at me he says, "You know I can't expect you to do surgically what I did. Because there isn't an ounce of fat or sag on that 140 pound body of yours. Just please stay slim, trim and smooth for me and I'll have everything I desire whether we include Bud or not."

"Alright, I'll check with you later," I said.

"You better, because I'm cooking and you're going to get steak, shrimp and your favorite lemon margarine pie," Fred says.

A couple of hours later after going to the bank, showering and shaving, I head down to Fred's. Since neither of us ever bother to knock, I slip in quietly hoping to catch him doing something naughty. No, such luck. He's on the phone and waves me int a seat on the couch. I hear of course only his side of the conversation.

"Well, like I told you, I was out of town for two week and just got back A day or so ago. He's around, you could have called him. I thought I gave you his number? Well that's nice of you to say. I'll have to speak with him and get back to you. Surprise, what kind of surprise? O.K., I'll let you know. Talk to you later," Fred hangs up the phone.

"That was, Bud. Do you want his side of the conversation? Said he had called me several times and no answer. He asked if you and I were still an item. Said he could only call me as he doesn't have your number. Said he really enjoyed being with us and wants to do it again. He has a surprise for us but won't say what it is. I told him I'd talk to you and get back to him. I don't think there is any rush on this although he did seem rather anxious," Fred says.

"I don't have any problem with a session now and then with Bud. I know that's something you'd like and that walk-in shower he has is f'ing mind blowing. You can bend over to give a blow job and get your ass pounded by one of those nozzle's at the same time. Your right about him being a slut and I guess we could use a little variety now and then. So, lets think about a date and ponder what the surprise could be," I said. 

As Fred goes into the kitchen he says, "Sounds good to me, we can decide on a day/date while I fix dinner. Have a seat, a drink and let me watch you fondle that magnificent cock of yours. I'll get busy and hope I can keep my hands and mouth off your delicious meat." 

"Really, fondle my cock? You know what that can lead to. Maybe we both should save our meat and loads for Bud. A couple of days with no action and we could satisfy his longing for the taste of the special love juice unless he wants it in his ass pussy," I said. 

"O.K., your right. Lets relax do dinner, a glass of wine and a fine cigar. Then you can spend the night and we'll just cuddle. 

To be continued..