 Last sentence chapter 47-"guy wants to be our slut"

I know I asked you this before but, "Your comment of 'Maybe we should seriously think about moving in with him.' Wasn't for real, right?" I said.

Fred is sitting across from me softly fondling his cock with one hand and occasionally rubbing his nipples with the other. Smiling, he says, "It is a thought that's been in my mind before. He has a fantastic place. Secluded, with all the amenities a person could desire and now with a hot tub and a pool. 

We both know he's a great cook (chef). Wants to be a slut and could be our slut. We both have pleasant homes and wouldn't abandon them if we only did a week or so at a time at his place. Anyways it's just my thought. Comments are welcome."

"Well, sex hound, I appreciate your being candid with me and I'll keep your comment in mind while I sit here watching your cock grow a little stiffer with your ministration's and your thoughts running through your mind," I said.

Getting up slowly, I walk toward Fred, get down on my knees in front of him and spread his legs apart. I grasped his cock, feeling the warm stiffness. His dick felt really good in my hand. I stroked him gently my other hand cupping his balls. My fingertips ran around the rim of his glans, making Fred draw a deep breath. I rubbed small circles around the hole at the end of his plum-shaped head, then caressed the broad upper surface.

Then I ran my fingers around the flaring rim, making him gasp, and then I caressed the sensitive nerve endings in the groove behind the head. I now ran a finger down to the underside of the head, probing the triangular groove where the two sides of his rim swept down to meet, and pressed the hot button. Now I pumped his prick slowly, sliding my fist up over the head, knowing he could feel every ridge in my fingertips.

"I can feel your tip swelling, and the rim's really sticking out now," I said. I punctuated my comment by a quick sweep around his ridge, working the nerve endings to make him groan in delight.

I squeezed his balls, forcing some of the blood out, and felt his cock throb in response. Fred's eyes were becoming glassy, and his breathing deeper as I continued to massage his hardening cock. I twisted my fist around the head again, and he gasped. His knees had been bent, but now his legs went out straight in front of him. He was already dripping pre-cum.

"I'm getting' my thrill," Fred groaned, almost painfully, and I knew he was on the final plateau before blast-off.

"I know," I murmured.

After several more strokes I look up to see Fred rubbing and pinching his nipples. He starts moaning, groaning and hunching his hips forward. Letting out a moan he shouts, "Oh fuuuuuuck dude..." His hips bucked, thrusting his cock forward. I noticed that his head was back and his eyes were closed. I was vicariously enjoying Fred's orgasm, and the power I had to give him such intense pleasure with my hand as cum shot out of his dick. It hit him in the chest and face, splattering against his lips and chin. It was thick, and almost clear, spraying out like a fountain. Fred was shocked, he opened his mouth, and got some of the second cum shot onto his lips and tongue. I was still holding onto Fred's dick, and felt cum drip over my fist and fingers. I let go of his dick, while Fred was wiping at his face, making it worse.

Grabbing one our still damp towels from the shower I wipe my hand and hand it to Fred. He tosses it back to me to me saying, "You caused the mess, it's your job to clean it up!"

"Oh, the one who likes to suck cock and be fucked in the ass pussy, is now getting "butch" with me. I give you pleasure and you give me orders?" I said. 

With a pouty face Fred says, "Please, you have such a delicate touch."

Going closer to Fred, I gently wipe his face and slowly move down his body to his crotch. Wadding the towel into a ball I roughly scrub his stomach, cock and balls. Laughingly, I toss the towel onto his face and say, "There you go butch!"

"Your my man. Now, what about Bud", Fred says?

To be continued..