 My life has been good. But not all of my decisions. I've been thinking for days about my sex life decisions. I had some fairly good relations with several women but not in almost 10 years. I should probably forgo any thoughts, hopes or dreams of that kind of involvement in the future. I suppose I could rely only on masturbation for my future years. Of course I (and readers) know that my present sex life is quite active and sure beats (pun intended) masturbation.

I remember the time Fred was at my house. As we got to the door I again, saw him glance at my tits. He looked me in the eyes and asked "are your nipples always that perky" and reached down and gently groped my cock. Still fondling my cock he asked "do you want company in the shower?" 

Surprised, shocked, stunned!! Those adjectives really can't explain what was going on in my head...along with the fact that my cock was starting to grow!! He continued to gently fondle my cock and slowly lowered his head, licked and started to gently nibble my nipples. I, pressed him closer to my chest and started grinding my cock into his hand. He moved his hand faster, raised his head and asked "you want to cum don't you?' My head is spinning, my nipples are aching, my knees are getting weak and my cock is ready to explode!! I, catch my breath and with a little stutter ask-how do I do that? he lets go of my cock and while bending down to his knees, slowly lowers my shorts. 

He gently grasps my throbbing member and lightly licks the head and slowly slides it between his lips. Gently, at first and then with a suction that would make a vacuum cleaner jealous, he sucks the head 3, 4, times and then deep throats all the way to my balls. The contact felt wonderful. One second I was outside his mouth and in the next second I was going down his throat and in the third second his nostrils were in my pubes. He held me in his throat for seconds and then I felt him ease his way back off my shaft and onto the head. There he sucked gently and firmly and then he repeated his technique and took me deep once more. Over and over he worked my cock. Soon each time he took me deep, I held his head in my hands while I throbbed in his throat. 

I felt him increase the intensity of his sucking and the speed of his lips as they moved up and down the crown ridge of my cock head. His attention to detail was exquisite and the more he sucked me like this the stronger I felt. I began to comb my fingers through his hair, caressing behind his ears and thrusting my hard dick into his open willing mouth. 

"I'm coming. Jesus man! Take it and swallow it!" I shouted. 

Of course it's not been all one sided. After many 1 sided sessions with Fred, there was a change.

I kissed his mouth, licked his ears and neck, sucked on his nipples, and slowly moved down his chest and abs until I reached what I had desired so much. I took his cock in hand and put it to my lips and swirled my tongue around the thick purple head and piss slit.

"Oh God, Yes!" he moaned. "Suck me, suck me," he pleaded.

I took as much of him in my mouth as I could and continued to swirl my tongue around his shaft while going up and down on him and rubbing his shaft with my fingers. He started humping my mouth faster and faster and my tongue and mouth could feel his bulbous cock head engorge even more.

He screamed, "I'm Cumming, I'm Cumming" and let loose in my mouth squirt after squirt of his seed. Hungrily I tried to swallow it all but some of his juices leak down from the sides of my mouth. He took my face in his hands, licked his seed from my face, and transferred some of it to my waiting open mouth, which I eagerly accepted. 

"Remind me to marry you" Fred said looking down at me. 

I remember the closest I came to a female in my last few years, Jackie Gurl.

I'm sitting at the dining room table with a glass of wine. Jackie gurl enters in a short maid's uniform and puts a tray of cheese and crackers on the table. She/he smiles and asks if I want anything else? As I dip a finger into my wine and slowly run a hand up Jackie's smooth leg clear up to the firm ass. Jackie spreads her legs slightly and allows my finger to enter her ass up to the 2nd knuckle. But, she pushes backward and my finger slides all the way to the last knuckle. Jackie is murmuring and moving he ass back and forth. I reach my other hand around to her cock and get pre-cum all over my fingers. I bring my hand back and spit on the pre-cum. I go back to her cock and gently grasp the hard four inch shaft. With her movements, she's fucking both my hand and my finger. Ten strokes maybe, I didn't count. She's saying yes, yes and shooting cum all over my hand. Finally she stands up straight, takes my hand and licks it clean. "Oh sweetie, I love it when you do that. What can I do for you," she says?

"You could try and get me hard by taking off the uniform and showing me your fine breasts," I said.

Jackie, steps back and slowly removes her costume. She also removes the bow from her hair. The soft, long silky locks cascade to her shoulders. Her a-cup breasts are pointed and her cock is hard again. What a beautiful sight. She leans forward so her breasts are almost touching my lips. I stick my tongue out and slowly lick each nipple. Her hand gropes inside my shorts and softly squeezes my rising cock. Gently pulling it out the fly. Bending to her knees, she slowly and tenderly sucks my cock into her mouth while cupping my balls. She makes swallowing suctions. It's the best feeling ever and my cock is becoming rigid. The warm, wet mouth is engulfing it clear to my balls.

Mentally I feel less bi or gay with Jackie. I know, I know, it sounds stupid. The gurl does have a cock. But she/he acts like, dresses like, and wants to be treated like a lady(female). 

Then, of course there's Bud. 

"Hi, glad to have you here finally, I'm Bud," he says.

That said he drops to his knees and with both hands pulls down each of our shorts. Grabbing a cock in each hand he alternates sucking Fred and I. After several minutes when we are both stiff and sloppy wet he turns around on his knees raises his ass in the air and says, "Whose first?"

Fred looks at me, I shrug and motion him forward with my hand. Fred crouches down and slowly slides a finger into Bud's ass. It all but slides back out with lube all over. He smiles up at me and and starts slapping Bud's ass with both hands.

"Oh yes,yes," Bud says. 

Fred grabs his cock and slowly pushes into Bud's ass. Slowly fucking Bud he reaches one hand over and starts jacking my cock. Bud looks back and seeing it's Fred fucking him he says "Oh,oh I love it. Mack, let me suck you. Fill me up."

I move around in front of Bud and slowly push my cock into his mouth. There we were Fred and I smiling at each other and slowly moving back and forth in a matching rhythm. Fred has both of his hands under Bud's ass working his cock and balls. Bud was going "hmm,hmm" then he started bucking back and forth faster and faster. Soon he held up one hand like a stop signal. We both removed our cocks and Bud collapsed on the floor. Fred's' one hand was full of cum, which he wiped all over Bud's ass. Standing up, Fred turns around and closes the front door. Fred comes back to me grabs hold my cock and slowly slides it into his mouth. Seeing Fred, Bud squirms over and starts licking my balls and rimming my ass. I let this go on for a couple minutes and finally stop both of them but Bud reaches up milks my cock and licks the pre-cum.

Letting go of my cock Bud says, "That was fantastic and I want to do it again in a more comfortable place. But, since I'm the only person that's cum, it's now time for you two to spew some loads. Since we're all kinda old farts, the erections don't come frequently, so lets prolong this as long as you can. 

Taking us both by the hand, he leads us into the living room and directs us to the love seat. We sit down with our legs spread and knees touching. Bud, kneels before us and starts playing with both our cocks. He takes slow head sucks alternating between us. Finally when we're both tumescent, he sloppily deep throats each cock. Alternating sucking one cock and jacking the other. He goes at us for about three minutes then he says, "I'm going to edge you guys like this until you beg me to let to shoot your loads into my mouth and down my throat. Then we'll take a breather for a beer."

I guess my life is full and I should just accept the way it has evolved and be happy. It's sure better than a dirt nap. Who knows what else and who else will be included? 

Everyone stay happy. If you ever think you'd like to involed in my life, please contact and we'll see what cums up.

The end?