 Last sentence - chapter 51- "This is great, but what about me"

Bud is slowly working his way up my back. I thought he might go even further and try to fuck me and I was going to say yes. Instead he slid back down my body, got up and told me it was time to turn over so he could work on my front. 

As I turned over I could see that all three of us were hard as a rock. I turned over and Bud allowed me a few seconds to get comfortable again before restarting his massage. He started down on my legs and that gave me a few minutes to catch my thoughts. I had my eyes wide open now so I could watch what was happening. He was still hard. I could clearly see his cock sticking out proudly in front of him while he carried on rubbing me. He moved up the side of my stomach and worked on my stomach and chest.

Fred is prancing around and it sounds like he might be whimpering. Bud finally looks up at him and opens his mouth. Fred grabbed his head and started to fuck his face, forcing his tiny shaft down his throat. Bud sucked him greedily towards a climax. It didn't take long until Fred started to tremble and shouted "I'M GONNA CUM!" Not to my surprise Bud didn't pull away, just kept on going as Fred shot his load down his throat and he swallowed every last drop. Fred plops his cock from Bud's mouth, milks the last drops onto my cock and collapses on one of chaise's. Bud smiles and also dribbles Fred's cum onto my cock.

Smiling and licking his lips Bud says," Your nipples remind me of candies." He dips his head to take one in his mouth. My breath catches in my throat.

"Candies are meant to be sucked" I answer. The passion builds quickly now between us as he takes first one then the other nipple into his mouth, sucking and slurping. I want to touch myself.

He sucks and nips them as his fingers roughly twirl around my cock head, rubbing in Fred's cum. My back arches sharply under him. He nips my tummy as he push himself down lower and lower. He has my legs splayed so far apart, it seems like I'm doing the splits. 

I raise myself to my elbows to watch him. Bud starts licking my cock, lightly scratching my stomach and my side with his nails. My goose bumps have grown to shivers and the throbbing in my body seems to echo through every cell. I'm just dying for him to suck my cock like he sucked Fred's. With my legs still splayed apart he reaches my balls and seems enthralled. He's kissing and licking and nibbling and squeezing. He even separates my cheeks and licks my crack. I'm a bit shocked cause it doesn't do anything for me. But I guess he likes it. I wiggle my ass for him and he begins to lick double-time. He pushes his fingers back-and-forth along my slit until they're slick and then he puts a finger inside my ass. It feels huge in there.

He slides his body over mine, very gently backwards and forwards, He starts kissing my neck and eventually my face. While he was doing this I slowly feel his cock sliding up between my legs. I thought my ass cunt is about to be fucked.

Instead, he slowly puts the head of my cock into his mouth and sucks down to the base. Two, three swallows and he plops it back out. Smiling, he says, "I'm gonna suck every last drop of cum out of this sexy looking cock, that I can get. And if Fred wants me to cum at the same time, he knows what to do."

With that said, he again engulfs my cock. Fred moves behind him and starts spanking his ass. Bud raises up into position. Fred starts probing his man cunt with his fingers that were coated with lube. I could see him circling his hole with his fingers, pressing one inside, teasing slightly. He

pressed in a second, tenderly stretched Buds man pussy. Bud leaned towards me, sucking my cock like he'd never had one before. I could see Fred gently pressing his cock into Buds waiting hole. Slowly, ever so slowly, he entered him.

Bud is grunting, sucking and going mm mm, Mmm.

To be continued...