 Last sentence-chapter 54- "I wanna cum at the same time"

Bud is slowly sucking Fred's cock back and forth from the tip to his balls. With me fucking him, the action is making Fred murmur and gasp. Showing Bud a one inch signal, we both withdraw cocks till only the head is inserted into ass and mouth. 

Fred finally quits murmuring and gasping and says, "O.M.G., I want this to last forever but I also want to cum so badly. This right now is fantastic. I can relax and feel both tips in the holes where I want them."

Bud took Fred's cock out of his mouth and looked up at him as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged Fred's bloated balls. Bud then put it back in his mouth and took it out again then he gently blew on it as his fingers continually massaged Fred's balls. Bud tickled the cock head with his tongue and teased Fred's pee slit. Bud and I with my slow movements had Fred close to cumming a few times. Bud seemed to know when Fred was getting close, and he would do things making him last longer.

Bud looked up at Fred and smiled as he stroked the slick cock. Then he asked, "Am I doing a good job? Is it as good as your neighbor friend? Are you ready to cum?

"Hey, I'm right here," I said.

Fred had his eyes closed and he just shook his head yes to answer Bud. Bud then took Fred's cock all the way into his warm wet mouth. He swirled his tongue around the length of the shaft, nibbled on the cock head and sucked Fred hard. Bud reached under Fred's balls and behind my balls and between my anus. Bud began massaging my taint. My cock thicken and I knew Fred and I were going to cum. There was no stopping us from cumming at that moment.

I grabbed Fred's hips with both hands as he exploded in Bud's mouth. Fred fired round after round of cum into Bud's mouth and Bud sucked and swallowed as fast as he could. Rope after rope of semen shot into Bud's mouth as Fred seemed to have an endless supply. Fred's shooting had the effect of some one or something squeezing my cock, every time he shot. Finally the barrage subsided and Fred stopped cumming in Bud's mouth. 

Of course I started shoot my cum into Fred's ass pussy. Spurt after spurt until I knew there was nothing left to come. Bud continued to suck on Fred's cock until he had drained every drop from Fred's dick. 

"I'll die happy and fulfilled guys. Thank you, thank you. But now I'm going to collapse," Fred says.

Bud, flakes out on the floor. Fred, kinda hobbles over to one of the lounge's and collapses. Looking at my shrunken cock, I grab a couple of baby wipes and clean myself off. Following Fred's example I flop on another one of the lounges. We're all sighing and making murmur-murmuring noises. A couple of minuets go by and I hear snoring. Rising up to determine who and where it's coming from, I find both of them zonked out like little babies. 

I guess, being old farts we need recuperation. If we were young studs, we'd probably still have boners and be chomping at the bit for the next go around. Although as a young "stud" I never had this much sex and never with guys. Thinking to myself I can't remember a time when a woman let me fuck her in the ass or gave me head like this. Of course I never had a woman give me head or ass fucking. I'm probably one of the few men in the world deprived like that. 

I guess the future will consist of sucking and fucking with these two guys for as long as we all enjoy each others company. For me it's all about cumming, although it is kinda exciting to have a guy in the throes of ecstasy, so anxious to cum from what's being done to him, that all he wants to do is yell.

I need a cold beer. Grabbing a bottle from the cooler, I rest it on my cock and balls. It feels great. But a nice sucking mouth would feel better. It feels even better holding it on each of my tits. As tantalizing as it feels, my eyes are wanting to close and allow me to drift off. Setting the bottle on the floor, I realize someone is next to me. 

Fred reaches over and begins to rub my erect nipples.

"Oh man! I squeal with delight. "When you touch them they send sparks to my penis! Wow!"

"Let's try this then..." Fred bends over and licks one of my nipples, flicking it with his tongue.

"Oh...yeah...oh..."

Fred's tongue and mouth goes from nipple to nipple and I squirm with pleasure.

"I'm going to burst...oh God!"

Fred begins to nip my nipple with his teeth and that sends me over the edge. My cock begins to seep pre- cum. 

"Oh Mack,Your nipples are wired just like a girls, I have to agree it would be fun if you had breasts," Fred remarks.

"Imagine how they would feel in your mouth."

"Do you want to shoot it into my mouth?"

"Oh yeah!"

I get up and switch positions. I straddle my friend aiming my cock at his open mouth. He pumps my hard prick and shoots out a thick stream of cream into his waiting mouth filling him to over flowing. Fred licks and swallows my load.

"Cum is definitely an acquired taste and very filling," Fred says as he licks the last drops of jizz from his lips."

"Well, you may have had your fill, but I think it is time I had something to eat as well, let's see what we can round up in the kitchen."

to be continued with last chapter..