 Last sentence- chapter 49 "So just honk and I'll follow you to Bud's", I said.

7:30 a.m. Honking outside, guess Fred's ready to go. Grabbing my bag with a change of clothes I head for the truck. Fred is sitting in his car with a big shit eating grin on his face. Happy as a puppy with a new bone and thinking he's gonna get some bone. I, see him licking his lips and know the bone he wants, probably in both his mouth and ass pussy.

I back up the truck and follow Fred. He's scooting right along and our ten minuet drive will probably only take six minutes at this speed. I, don't know that I'm as anxious as Fred but am keeping an open mind about the next day or days.

Pulling into Bud's long driveway Fred is laying on the horn like he's trying to get someone out of his way. As I park behind him I see Bud standing in the open doorway smiling and wagging his some what flaccid little cock and pinching his nipples. Fred is out of the car in a flash and (I now see) wearing only a long tee shirt which he strips off as he goes up on the porch.

Getting out of the truck and going upon the porch I watch as Fred drops to his knees and starts giving Bud's balls a real tongue bath, getting them very wet as he worked. He sucked gently on one of his balls and it actually entered his mouth, where he sucked it gently while rubbing his tongue all over it.

Then, he did the same to the other. Bud was really getting into it. He was moving his ass around and his legs were beginning to tense up. His cock was literally oozing pre-cum in a constant flow. I could see Fred's eyes grow wide as he slowly stroked it back and forth. 

I know Fred wanted to suck his cock badly. I could tell that if he didn't begin to suck him pretty soon, he'd end up jerking him off and shooting his cum all over the place. There was nothing wrong with that, but it wasn't really what either of them wanted. 

Finally, Fred removed Buds ball(s) from his mouth. Slowly, he opened his lips and pushed his tongue out, feeling it touch the bulging cock head. Then, sticking more of his tongue through his lips, He began to lick his pre-cum head. Bud is saying "Oh, yes, oh yes, please, please."

Fred, slowly sucks Bud's tiny cock into his mouth all the way to his balls and starts swallowing. I could tell that the cum was building in Bud's balls and nothing was going to stop it if Fred kept swallowing. 

Bud was squirming his ass around and humping into Fred's mouth with the rhythm they had set up. I could tell the head of his cock was bumping the back of Fred's throat on every stroke. I knew Bud just couldn't hold it back much longer. Finally he pushed his cock as far as it would go into Fred's mouth, shouting, "Suck me, swallow, I'm cumming, eat my cock and cum."

Standing there in my shorts and tank top, fondling my raging hard-on, all I want to do is sick my cock some place. If I hadn't been so enthralled with the two of them I probably could have had some ass pussy and all three of us would have been shouting, "Oh yes,oh yes."

Bud backs up a step and his now tiny cum dripping cock plop's out of Fred's still slurping mouth. Reaching down he lifts Fred to his feet, gives him a hug and kisses him open mouthed. I can tell Fred is toughening his own cum into his mouth. Bud pulls away, swallowing, smiling and saying, "This is going to be a great couple of days."

Finally, they both look at me smile and give me a hug. Fred says, "I just got carried away and couldn't stop." Bud says, I'm glad you didn't stop, but we sure left Mack out of the equation. Maybe we should see what we can do for him?"

My cock has now shrunk to it's normal everyday size but is leaking pre-cum like never before. "Well guys, I believe I'm ready for coffee and some breakfast. I would think you two would want the same thing so as to build up your strength and stamina. But some one could at least lick the pre-cum off me so I can enjoy the breakfast.," I said.

Quickly, both of them reach for my shorts pulling the down and Bud sucks my cock into his mouth. Swallowing and slurping. Finally removing me from his mouth he grips my cock at it's stem and with the other hand my ball sack. Looking at Fred, he says, "I'll milk it and you finish the cleaning."

Fred scoots closer on his knees and lightly licks the tip of my cock. "Milk it more, I'm not getting anything," he says. Then he sticks the tip of his tongue into my cock head hole and Bud squeezes my balls and milks my cock. Fred is saying, "Mm mm, mmmmm."

to be continued-