 Last sentence of chapter 50-"Fred is saying M mm, mm."

Following Bud into the house, I realize how long it's been since we were together. And what a tight firm ass he has. I, also remember that he loves having that ass fucked till he shoots his cum. But Fred loves the same thing. I'm thinking a daisy chain could be in the making. Everybody happy. 

Bud leads us into the kitchen and waves his hand over the spread on the table. Smiling he says, "I hope your hungry for food and eventually, games. Help your selves and I'll pour coffee."

Removing covers from dishes he displays, scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, pancakes, biscuit's, gravy, toast and sliced tomatoes. I'm sure my eyes are bugged out and my mouth dropped open. Bud begins pouring coffee and Fred and I begin loading up our plates. 

Breakfast finished and drinking a last cup of coffee Bud says, "I'll put all these dishes in the dish washer and you two can decide what's next on the agenda."

Looking at Fred I say, "I don't know about you but I'm so stuffed I can't even begin to think about the next half hour, let alone the rest of the day."

"You got that right. I, think we should just kick back, relax and maybe discuss the rest of the day when Bud's done with all his wifely duties," Fred says. 

Bud turns around wagging his cock back and forth turns, shakes his ass and says, "You two could get naked like me and we could relax out on the deck. Maybe I'll be willing to do the wifely bedroom duties for both of you. " 

Fred and I immediately stood up, striped naked, folded our clothes and headed for the deck. Bud followed us and stood spreading his arms out wide. There was the new hot tub. Probably big enff for at least 6 people but looking small on this 50x50 foot deck. He had the fans going and all the drop down shades were up. It was a warm sun shinny 78 degree day. According to the thermometer on the wall of the house. 

All of us stretch out on the chaise lounges and believe it or not, with a big sigh. Fred says, "I don't think I could move, even if I wanted to."

"Well, we could all relax, take a nap and see what develops later," Bud says.

I, fake a snore and both guys snicker a laugh.

What seemed like hours later, I groggily come awake to my cock being fondled and my nipples being nibbled. At first I thought I was dreaming but look down to see Fred on my nipples and Bud with a shit eating grin, fondling my semi-hard cock. 

"You were out like a light. We thought since we were awake you should be also, " Bud says.

Lifting Fred's head off my chest I ask,"How long were we out?"

Fred wipes his lips with the back of his hand and says, "We never dosed off. We just lay here talking and watching you sleep. You've been out about a half hour."

"So, I haven't missed any action," I asked?

"Only what you woke up to", Fred says.

Smiling and stretching I tell them, "I appreciate the wake-up call, but I need to get up and move."

I get up, do some deep knee bends, jumping jacks and flop onto the chaise on my stomach.

Bud goes over to a mini fridge and comes back with three beers. Sitting out on the deck in the sun, all of us naked. Enjoying the scenery and a cold one. Bud finally asked us if we wanted to sun tan? Fred and I both said sure. Bud went over to a big storage box and got out 3 long lounge pads. Tossing them onto the deck he said, "Make your self's comfortable. Fred and I stretched out on our stomach's and relaxed. Bud sat in a chair and finally said, "I love the view, who wants a massage? Relax and I'll be right back."

About a minuet later I hear a beep, like from a microwave. I glance over my shoulder and see Bud appear with a bottle of oil, he dribbles it over my back. Kneeling down, his legs spread on each side of my body, he slowly begins distributing the oil all over. Starting with my neck, he works his way down my back.

Finished with my back, he restarts at my feet working his way up my calves and then my thighs. As he got closer to my butt, my dick started to grow until it was harder than it had ever been and my breathing became erratic. "Mmm..." was the only noise that escaped my lips. 

Bud, knowing that he was turning me on, started to rub a little higher and just inside my

left leg. Before I knew what I was doing, my legs spread apart a few more inches to give him more access. His fingers continued to climb my leg until they brushed against my hairless balls with a feather touch.

"Please don't stop, you're driving me crazy!" I said as he reached a little higher to cup my balls in his hand. A few soft caresses and then Bud wrapped his fingers around my dick and squeezed. 

My hips jerked involuntarily and Bud started to slowly slide his hand, up and down with a slight twist to the side. "I want to feel you cum on my fingers," he said.

"Keep that up much longer and I will," I whispered as my butt started to rise and fall in time with each stroke.

Fred, turned on his side was watching and say's,"This is great to watch but what about me?"

To be continued..