 Last sentence chapter 53-"Oh God it's good, oooh so good"

Bud was shooting what seemed like ropes of cum deep into my throat. I guess cock size has nothing to do with cum amounts. It seems like I've been swallowing ounces and ounces of warm milky cum. It just doesn't seem to quit. Finally Bud's cock shrinks and stops spurting. 

Slowly allowing the head to slide out to my lips, I squeeze his ball sac and milk his now flaccid cock. Bud is moaning, gasping for breath and trying to speak. Finally he says, "Oh, shit! That has to be the best I've had since you guys were here the first time. Actually that's all I've had since you guys were here. I'm so glad we've met. Thank you, thank you."

Bud and I finally realize that Fred is stand there watching us and stroking his cock. Smiling, he says, " Now it's my turn to be sucked. Who's going down on me?"

Bud reaches up and grabs Fred's ball sac and says, "It's not going to be me. I want some of your ass pussy as soon as I recover. Mack's mouth and throat are primed for use, slide that pre-cum cock into his mouth."

"Well, Bud needs to rest and I need to rest my tongue and throat. But if you can wait a while I'm sure both of us will be more than happy to try and satisfy your needs. Just keep dong what your doing and hopefully that monster (lol) will stay at least semi-hard," I said.

Fred smiles and continues to rub and stroke the head of his cock saying, "Let me know when you guys are ready for me to get my nut."

Bud gets up and leaves the deck. Fred and I stretch out to relax and enjoy the warmth of the sun. About 10 minuets later Bud returns with several plates filled with different kinds of cheese's, crackers, sliced tomatoes, sliced ham, peppers and pickles. Setting everything on the table he says, "Enjoy, relax and you know where the cold beer is. If you want something harder, let me know. I'm talking about liquor." 

We all sat around snacking and drinking beers. Sometime later Fred says, I'm so full, relaxed and sleepy that I don't think I want to move."

"Well, you don't ever have to move if you don't want to. There are plenty of bedrooms and other places to sleep, more food and an excellent shower. So stay as long as you wish. Hopefully for days or forever," Bud says.

I don't know if Fred even heard a word Bud said as his eyes are closed. I'm trying to keep my eyes open but finally, mentally say fuck it and doze off. What feels like hours later, I come awake to soft music playing and a foot massage. Stretching, I realize that along with the massage my foot is in a crotch. Now fully awake I realize that each of my feet are in a crotch.

Bud and Fred are each doing a one handed massage on each of my feet, while simultaneously massaging each others cocks. Aw shit, whats going to happen now? 

Bud's cock is mainly flaccid but Fred's is as big and hard as it will ever be.

Fred says, "I'm ready for my turn. You two better be ready for me."

Letting go of my foot, Fred stands up and almost shoves his crotch into bud's face. Bud drops my foot, grabs Fred's ball sac and pulls Fred's cock toward his mouth. Sticking out his tongue, he slurps Fred's cock into his mouth. Massaging Fred's ball sac, he suck's the cock deep into his throat. 

Reaching over to a near-by table, I grab a bottle of lube. Pouring some over my fingers and palm, I slowly start rubbing it over, around and into Fred's ass.

I slip my longest finger slowly in and out of Fred's ass cunt. 

I worked my finger in and out, harder and faster, until I could sense Fred was ready. "Are you ready?" I asked.

"Yes, I'm ready," Fred says.

I stood up and carefully pushed forward. The head of my cock slid easily into Fred's ass. I gently moved back and forth, going a little deeper, a little harder, a little faster each time.

Fred was loving it to, pushing back against every thrust. "Fuck me! Fuck me harder! C'mon, harder, FASTER!" 

Sweat was dripping from him and I could tell his knees were weak, but I still kept going,.

"Come inside me! I want to feel your hot cum squirt into my ass! I wanna shoot my load at the same time."

to be continued...