 Afton watched Greta leave a few hours later with a growing apprehension. Yes, he'd asked Ethan to move in, but the constant fear of his past lingered. Now that his female friend had departed, he'd be alone with Ethan again and he was afraid that he'd lose his heart once and for all. 

Afton turned to look at the blond man standing in the living room looking at more of the pictures hung on the wall; pictures of Afton's life. He signed. 

Afton knew he had to face his fears; the sooner the better. He wanted Ethan; that much was clear. Now he needed to push through the panic that rose up inside about allowing another man so deeply inside his world again.

Ethan had put back on his jeans but left his chest bare. His torso was white where his arms were tanned, with the stereo typical 'farmer's tan' marking the point he worked outdoors. Thick, curved muscles defined his abdomen, causing a line to force the eye towards this groin. Ethan was rugged, handsome and his sexuality wafted off him even as he stood quietly in thought.

Afton approached silently, trying to locate the picture Ethan stared at so intently. It was of a fishing trip Afton had taken to Alaska a few years back with a man he'd just met. Both men grinned at the camera while Afton hefted a large salmon before him. 

"Christopher caught a halibut that day," Afton spoke softly from over Ethan shoulder startling him.

"Was he someone important to you?" 

Afton frowned. Yes, he had been at the time, but not any longer, so he lied. "Not really. It was a brief, passionate affair, but it was doomed to come to an end." He shifted closer to the warmth of Ethan, leaning down to kiss his shoulder. "Why do you ask?"

Ethan shrugged. "You look happy."

"I was, at the time. He and I met on that trip and had only one time together before he returned to his normal life. I found out shortly after this picture was taken, that he was married with a family."

Ethan turned quickly to stare into Afton's saddened glazed over eyes. "What?"

It was Afton's turn to shrug, "It happens from time to time. Christopher had known he was gay for quite some time, but couldn't tell his wife. He loved his family too much. So he explored his other sexuality frequently. He would tell her he was on a business trip or something and find a lover for a week or two. We met in Anchorage on this chartered fishing trip, but went our separate ways once the boat docked. Short, but sweet."

"So," Ethan shuffled his feet, "You didn't love him?"

"Gods no. Deeply attracted? Yes." It was an interesting question, so Afton delved. "Does the idea of me loving someone else bother you?" It was a very sexy thought.

Ethan flinched, moving away to stare at another picture of Afton skydiving. "Maybe." That confession confused him greatly, solidifying the wild emotions that rolled through his body. He wasn't ready to brand himself gay yet, but the strong urges to be with Afton pushed all fears to the wayside.

"I love you, Ethan. I won't lie and that statement gives me the hives just thinking that I could go there only after the brief time I've known you."

Ethan turned innocently to look at him. "It scares me more that I could love you back."

Knowing this was a huge stepping stone for Ethan, Afton knew he shouldn't gloat, but he did. A wide grin split his face, closing the distance between them. "I like the sound of that."

Ethan snorted, "I still don't understand any of this."

"You will, in time. For now, why don't you call Mary and I will just go take a quick shower to get cleaned up. I will lay out towels for you as well, and some clean clothes. I might have some sweats that will fit you ."

The idea of calling Mary made Ethan's stomach curl. "She's going to be pissed." This was followed by a wave of guilt for he knew he was cheating on her.

"About you getting a job? Unlikely."

As he turned back to the photos on the wall, Ethan frowned. Afton didn't know her like he did. "She'll have questions. She'll want to come here and stay with me or worse, hang around. She'll notice what's really going on."

Slipping his arms around Ethan's waist to rest his chin on his shoulder, Afton whispered, "Then tell her she can't come here."

Just the physical touch of Afton's arms around him caused his cock to stiffen. He needed to have his full attention on the current situation, not get sidetracked with erotic fantasies about what his lover's body could do to him. "Go take your shower and I will make my call. The sooner I get this over with the faster I can move past it."

Afton gave one final squeeze before releasing him to head upstairs. He stripped down, stepped into the steaming spray and let the water wash over him while his thoughts careened out of control. He hadn't planned on meeting Ethan or falling in love, but both had happened. Now he had to embrace it. His past was the past, with Ethan his future. A tall, muscular blond future. For the first time in ten years, Afton felt excited about going there again.

Ethan hit end on the call and sighed. It went as good as he thought. Mary was frustrated and angry that he was 'leaving her'. He explained it was temporary and would give her a call in a few days to check in, but for the time being, he needed to attend to his new employers needs. He just didn't give details on what those needs were. Now he stood on the threshold of Afton's gigantic bathroom and watched the Godlike man stand naked in a steaming shower with one hand resting on the wall while the water wetted his entire body. He looked sad, as if he battled some memory that wasn't pleasant and hoped the water would wash it away. 

Seeing him standing there, though, like a supermodel in a naughty commercial was overwhelming. Ethan felt a wave of arousal, giving in to the urge immediately. Just before he could undress, Afton looked up, pinning Ethan in place.

Afton inhaled sharply. Finding his handsome farmer admiring him was too much. Ethan leaned against the doorframe in nothing but an old pair of jeans with a raging hard on bulging at the crotch. It dragged a tortured moan from Afton's throat.

Ethan reacted, unbuttoning his jeans, sliding them off his hips to reveal the defined muscles along his lower abdomen. As they cleared his body, his hard dick sprang free announcing his intent. After stepping out of them, he moved to the shower, opened the door and stepped in.

"You look so sad," he mumbled, running his hands down Afton's slick chest. The water made his skin silky soft. 

"Just remembering a few things that were unpleasant," he replied gruffly, but his tone was heated with need.

"Because of me?" Ethan asked, pushing Afton back so his shoulders hit the cold tiles. There he pinned him with his body as he looked deeply into his eyes.

"Yes, but not what you think. I was hurt once by someone who I loved deeply. I am just afraid of going there again. Yet I can't resist you, Ethan. You have been all I thought about since I saw you in the coffee shop."

"Stop thinking," Ethan growled before claiming his mouth in a searing kiss that buckled Afton's knees. It wasn't very often he submitted to a lover. He normally was in control, so this turn about was confusing.

Ethan didn't stop there, kissing along Afton's chin, neck and shoulder. His hands toyed with his waist, and ass, moving up to finger his nipples. It was so strange to be making love to another body that wasn't female, but the motions were the same. He touched generously, exploring every inch of the model like body on display before him.

Afton leaned his head back against the wall and closed his eyes. It had been too long since someone paid homage to his body as he'd done countless times to others. He had to force himself to stand still while his lover devoured him, inch by inch. When Ethan's mouth closed over his right nipple, a feral sound rumbled in his throat, but he didn't pull away.

"I have a lot to learn," Ethan mumbled, "and you'll teach me, right?"

"Oh God, yes," Afton moaned.

"Good. There's one thing I haven't tried yet and I want to now." While he spoke, he slid a hand down to stroke Afton's large cock softly, finding him more than ready. Kneeling down, he practically slithered down Afton's body which put his dick at eye level. The water from the shower soaked him, running in rivulets down his face and chest. Small channels of water also ran freely down Afton's toned stomach, and it was an incredible turn on to see him standing there, looking down into Ethan's face with such hopeful longing in his eyes. 

"What are you doing?"

Ethan tore his gaze away from Afton's green eyes to stare at the dick straining before him. "This," he whispered and then took the tip of Afton into his mouth. 

Afton cried out, immediately gripping Ethan's wet hair in both hands. 

Ethan played with the tip for a moment, lapping at the salty flavor of the pre cum that appeared. More followed what he licked off, and he decided he liked the flavor tremendously. Whispers of Mary's complaints that it was too gross drifted through his mind, but he chased them away. He wasn't here with Mary and it was he who was sucking Afton's dick. And he liked it.

He allowed more to enter his mouth but realized he could only take in a few inches before he gagged. Pulling away, Ethan looked up at Afton with worry. "This looks a lot easier when you're watching someone else do it. I don't know how to do it right."

"Do what you can now and I will teach you how to accept all of me later," Afton answered with a desperate tone. He wanted whatever Ethan had to give and wouldn't allow him to stop, not now. 

Ethan took about four inches back into his mouth where he lovingly devoured Afton, brining him to a shaking mess standing in the shower. More pre cum bathed the inside of his mouth, prompting Ethan to suck hard, which dragged another tortured cry from Afton. 

Using his tongue he licked the entire shaft, bobbing on the tip for a few minutes before dropping down to give attention to his tight balls. They were shaved smooth, and the sensation of licking them sent a wild thrill through Ethan's own groin. He should hate this, but he couldn't find a good enough reason to stop what he was doing. So he attacked Afton with a new fervor. 

In his passion, Ethan reached out to grip Afton's ass in one hand, pulling his body closer. He'd reclaimed the amazing cock and had been sucking so the motion pushed more length into his throat past his gag reflex. 

Afton noticed and pounced, pushing further in, forcing more into Ethan's mouth. Then he pulled back a little and pushed back in, slowly fucking Ethan's mouth in a gently seduction. Again and again he did this until all ten inches disappeared. Afton felt twinges of an orgasm when he looked down. Ethan's eyes were locked on his, and he read no revulsion there. Instead he drank in the burning desire that bore into his soul. Afton continued to make love that gorgeous mouth with measured strokes. 

Ethan swallowed the thick cock down his throat amazed that he could do this at all. His jaw began to ache and so did his balls. Never in a million years would he envision himself kneeling before a man in a shower, naked and sucking on his dick. Never. But he was and it aroused him like never before. He reached down and stroked his own shaft, pumping in time with the sensual dance he and Afton moved to. 

Feeling Afton inside him like this was too much. Before Ethan could register what built within him, he came. Hard. Splatters landed on the tiles between Afton's feet, but neither noticed. The moan he released in pleasure vibrated around Afton's cock buried in his throat sent the man over the edge. 

He gripped Ethan's head, forcing him to remain right where he was as he released an animalistic sound as he came deep in his lover's throat. 

Shaking violently, Afton finally released him and collapsed to the shower floor. He couldn't stand any longer. "I wasn't expecting that."

Ethan gave a nervous laugh as he leaned forward to kiss Afton. "Do you think I did?"

"You followed me into the shower, so yeah," he teased, accepting the loving kiss that Ethan offered. "Thank you, though."

"You're welcome."

Afton took over the kiss, rolling Ethan onto his back on the ground. There he continued to love him while running his hands over the hard muscles of his torso and groin. When the water began to get colder, he finally allowed Ethan to breathe. "We should get out."

Regretfully, Ethan agreed.

Back in the bedroom, Ethan stopped while towel drying his hair to stare at the massive four poster bed dominating the room. The décor was definitely masculine, with dark earth tones, but there was also a feminine feeling to the space. As if a woman had designed it.

Afton picked up on his reaction, "Greta did most of the decorations. She's an interior designer and for her final project in design school, I allowed her to do this," he waved his hand around. "I liked it so much, I've not changed it."

The feeling was so Afton, right down to the large antique armoire, or the old writing desk in the corner. A wide bookcase held numerous titles along with more pictures depicting Afton's life. It was almost as if he needed to remind himself that he'd lived as if to validate his existence. Ethan wiggled his toes in the thick cream carpet under his feet with a smile. He liked this room.

"I designed the bed though. I've never used it with anyone, so you'll be the first," Afton commented as he moved over to the structure. 

Something in his tone jarred at Ethan, so he looked up sharply. "Why?"

"I don't bring my lovers up here. This is too private. I usually take them to one of the guest rooms down the hall." He remembered the night Carmen snuck up here and he'd been furious. This was his private domain and she'd soiled it. He had to change the sheets after that, switching from a forest green to this deep burgundy to erase the betrayal.

The pain in his voice was clear, making Ethan curious and possessively protective that someone could have hurt Afton at all. "What happened to you that made this sheltered? Who was he?"

"My best friend who I trusted. But it was a long time ago, and he used me. I've never quite recovered. As much as I try to get past it, the fear and pain come back."

Ethan wrapped his arms around Afton's trembling body and held on with all he had. "I won't hurt you, Afton."

Afton sniffed shoving him away. This weakness was not who Afton was. He'd not generated millions by being soft or easily broken. "I don't want to think about that right now. Here," he lifted a hand cuff that dangled off of one of the posters and looked dangerously down at Ethan. "I want to use these with you. Tie you up and take advantage of you for hours."

Ethan's cock jumped. "I've always wanted to try that, but I could never find a willing participant."

"Yes, well you have one, but it won't be a woman begging you to stop. It will be you, begging me. Get on the bed."

Ethan's heart rammed wildly in his chest. He was officially crazy for going along with this but his body needed Afton and his heart followed close behind. He climbed onto the soft bed and lay on his back, all the while he watched Afton with trusting eyes. 

Afton secured each wrist but left his legs free. "Have you never been tied up before?"

He thrust his hips up trying to reach Afton's mouth which hovered just over the engorged tip. "No."

"Good, another first," and then Afton pounced sucking on his cock brining Ethan close to an orgasm almost instantly.

He repeated his sensual play, but wouldn't allow Ethan to cum. He brought him to the edge, broke off and waited for his lover to respond. After a half hour Ethan was begging, after an hour he was pleading for release.

He looked into Ethan's crazed eyes with a smile. Three fingers were spreading him wide, preparing him for what came next. Forcing Ethan's legs up over his shoulders, Afton licked down the back of his thighs and suckled his balls that were exposed to his enjoyment. Ethan's hard dick lay flat against his stomach while his ass begged to be touched. 

Using his finger, Afton rimmed the opening, watching as the muscle responded with a flutter. It wanted to be spread, so he gave in using three of his fingers. He worked Ethan into frenzy but still wouldn't let him cum.

Ethan was wild with need now, promising all sorts of things to get Afton to allow him to release the pressure. His desperate pleading fell on deaf ears as Afton leaned down and added his tongue to the attack, licking his way from his balls to this waiting hole. Ethan screamed wildly, panting and pulling at the binds. He couldn't move.

Afton toyed with this area for awhile, but he sensed Ethan's impeding orgasm and suddenly stopped. His heart raced, his cock throbbed. He was enjoying this tremendously. 

"Please, Afton, no more. Make love to me!"

"With pleasure," he replied with a gruffly heated voice thick with an Irish accent. He kneeled up to lube them both and then in one smooth motion, had his cock inserted and inching its way into Ethan's depth.

"Oh fuck!" Ethan yelled, throwing his head back as Afton's thick length slipped farther inside. He was so aroused that it wasn't going to take long until he lost control. He needed the release more than ever before.

Afton thrust his hips once, inserting another inch inside. Then he pulled out only to push in again. Three times he did this until he was buried to the hilt, panting from his own arousal. 

"Fuck me," Ethan growled, gyrating his own hips to feel more of Afton inside him. "Afton, please!"

Hard, fast and deep strokes followed, earning quite a few cries of desire to explode into the room from Afton. Ethan made viscous sounds, snarling like a beast but not out of anger. It was a wild hunger that drove him. Within moments he shouted as cum shot from his dick, gushing out in waves as Afton pushed through the orgasm. 

And Afton didn't stop. He made love to him until two more times he released on his chest before he himself allowed the freedom to fall over the edge to oblivion. With a toe curling release, Afton filled Ethan, pumping his offering into his depths while he grunted from the force. His hand gripped Ethan's hip with such strength that he knew there would be bruises in the morning. He didn't care.

Slowly, he pulled out to watch his leave Ethan's body. It was just as erotic as the first time they'd fucked, and he wasn't sure he'd ever tire of seeing it. Using his finger, he smeared it around the opening before looking up into Ethan's face to find his lover watching him. "You are something else. I could honestly say I never want to leave this bed ever again."

"Untie me," he demanded. 

"What?" Afton grinned, "You don't like what I'm doing?"

Ethan thrashed against the bindings, never breaking eye contact. "I want to touch you."

"Ah, but that would ruin the fun. I can torture you with pleasure until you are begging me for more."

"Afton," he warned.

Sighing loudly, Afton gave in. "Oh, all right. I was hoping to make love to you one more time. Hearing your response was quite stimulating."

Against his own will, Ethan's cock stiffened to a full erection. 

"You see? You like the idea." He lowered Ethan's legs to massage the engorged shaft for a moment. He then smeared the cum on his chest around before straddling him cowgirl style. He'd already lubed up, so when he inserted Ethan's tip into his own ass, it slid right in with a pop.

"Oh Christ," Ethan moaned, pumping his hips to go deeper. "It is so wrong that I like this so much."

After a grunt or two, Afton replied with a broken speech, "So...Do...I..."

He rode Ethan after that, not letting him control the pace or the motion. He did. He stroked against his lover's shaft, fast then slow, deep and then shallow. He knew when Ethan was close and would pull off to wait and them slam back home. He knew it was maddening but he wanted Ethan a babbling mess before he could cum again. 
