 *Writers Note* This is a true story, I frequent gay sauna and swinger sites, always looking for some more anonymous sex!! I'll be writing about my experiences as they happen, I filthy detail! Enjoy!

***

There are plenty of popular online swinging sites for guys, but I tend to use one in particular, where I've had plenty of adventures!

One such was whilst working near Oxford. I'd take a few glances during the day at the site, to see who was around and if anyone took my fancy. It just so happened that one day, I stumbled across a guy called John. He described himself as a dominant daddy type, and from his pictures, he was packing some serious heat.

I agreed to meet him after I had finished at his place of work, a small agricultural shop just off the beaten track on my way home. We continued to flirt through the day and about 6pm I found myself driving to meet him. I parked up just around the corner and sent him a text to let him know I was there.

Moments later a man appeared from a doorway and looked around to see if anyone was watching. When he was satisfied the coast was clear he beckoned me to come over. I dutifully left my van and entered via the side door, which he locked behind us

I was greeted by an older guy, late 50's to early 60's, he was short with a small amount of wispy grey hair covering his clearly balding head. "Hello, I'm John, follow me." he said. I did as I was told and followed him through the store, past lawnmowers and strimmers to a small metal staircase leading up to a mezzanine floor and store room, which was dimly lit.

"Right then, take off your clothes boy, let's see what you've got!" he commanded. 

I took off my shirt and trousers and stood there, exposed and naked. My dominant daddy came around the corner, himself naked, his slim body covered in grey hair, and ample penis dangling between his legs. He grabbed me by the arm and pulled me towards him. His hands wandered my body as I stood there, powerless in his grasp.

He began to grope me roughly, focusing on my pecs and ass. "What a sexy young body you have, I fucking want it!" he said to me, as he slapped my ass. 

"I'm all yours daddy!" I replied. He sparked me harder and I felt my cock twitch. I allowed my hands to wander and grasp his cock. It was rock solid, about 6 inches with a strong upward curve and big bulbous head. I spat on my hand and began to rub it, making him moan with delight.

"Get on your knees my little whore!" he boomed "I have a little surprise for you!". He put his hands on my shoulders and forced me to my knees. He grabbed my chin and repeatedly asked me "do you fucking want it? Show me you want it!" before slapping my face harder each time.

What happened next I didn't expect. He pointed his cock at me as a high pressured jet of golden liquid shot into my face and mouth. He was pissing on me. The taste of the golden nectar in my mouth and it's warmth of my skin turned me on even more. He showered my whole body from his huge erect cock, before stopping himself forcibly to ram his cock into my mouth and proceed to piss in that too, making me hold and gargle his sweet golden nectar in my mouth, before dribbling it down my chest.

He placed his hand onto my chest, making me lose my balance and fall back. He straddled over me, his huge erect cock resting on my face. He began to slap me in the face with it. "You want to suck this slut? Of course you do!" he chuckled, as he forced his big mushroom head into my mouth. I swirled my tongue around it, it tasted salty as pre cum leaked out of it onto my tongue. The upwards curve tickled the top of my mouth.

He began to gently fuck my face, with each thrust trying to get more of his length into my mouth. Eventually he managed to insert his whole length, my nose nestled in his bush of pubic hair. I began to gag and he withdrew. "Let's take this up a step!" he said as he pulled me to my feet.

In the adjoining room was the staff canteen, with a big wooden table in the centre. He sat me on it and spun me round. My head was over the ledge and me legs were up in the air. He grabbed my ankles and inserted his cock into my mouth. He again began to fuck my face, this time rougher and harder. The curve of his cock perfectly matched the curve of my throat, allowing it to slip down my throat with ease.

He continued to deliver a rough facefucking, increasing in speed and intensity, as the table rocked beneath me. His large hanging balls slapped me in the nose with every thrust, and my own drool and phlegm mixed with his pre cum was dripping down my face. "Oh fuck yeah baby, your throat is tighter than my wife's pussy!" he moaned. I'd never taken a pounding to the face for this long before, but it felt incredible.

His thrusts became faster and faster. He withdrew his cock and a spurt of cum shot over my face. "Oh fuck yeah, fucking take it!!" He groaned as more of the warm salty liquid landed on my face and in my still open mouth. Another two or three smaller spurts hit me before he was spent. "Stay where you are, I haven't finished yet!"

So I lay there, my face a mess, feeling degraded and like the absolute fuck toy that I was. He walked around to the side of the table and grasped my cock. It had been hard from the moment I had walked through the door. He began to wank me off, incredibly slowly. It was like torture, my cock pulsing with each stroke. It didn't take long for me to cum, sending a huge jet up into the air, landing back on my own chest. I moaned with joy because of the incredibly intense orgasm, my entire body shaking.

"You needed that didn't you? Stay there and I'll get you something to clean that off your face!" he said as he walked back around the table. 

"Thank you" I replied.

He stood in front of my face again, and I was confused as to what was going on. It was then that he unleashed another jet of warm golden piss into my face. He was hosing the cum from my face at a great rate, with splashes going into my mouth and eyes. I put one hand on my cock, savouring its remaining hardness, and with my other hand rubbed the cum I had shot earlier into my chest and body.

I was a cum and piss slut, and I loved it!! I'd never felt so dirty and aroused. Once he had finished, he helped me off the table, and I could see the mess below me, a pool of saliva, piss and cum below where my head had been. "Bathrooms through there, go clean up!" he told me.

I washed myself up and got dressed again, still a little dazed from the experience. My companion had cleared up the mess and got dressed too.

"You can definitely come back again!" He chuckled as he led me back down the stairs. 

"Thank you daddy!!" I replied with a smile. "I'll definitely be back for more next week!"

I left the shop and drove home, thinking about what had just happened, it may have been my dirtiest experience to date, but there's always time to build on it...winging sites and saunas to hook up for anonymous sex, and will be posting my experiences as they happen! Enjoy!