 I'm not going to tell you one of those too good to be true stories that you always read on these kind of sites. This is an account of my first sexual encounter with an older man, or any man for that matter.

I had always had gay tendencies although I had never built up the courage to act on it. I had always fantasized about sex with men. I had even masturbated using dildos and a 6" life like dildo, but I knew it couldn't compete with the real thing. I was 25 when I finally built up the nerve to act. I had always seen the gay personals on the internet and always thought that that would be a great way to meet a discreet sexual partner. I put out my signal for an older man to introduce me into man on man sex and before long I got some replies. One of which was an older man named Steven. I got in touch with him and set up a time to meet him. I agreed to go to his place, some 25 miles away from me. A week passed until "the day" came.

Finally it was time. I was so nervous yet so eager to do this. I drove to his place and when I arrived, I knocked on his door and was pleasantly surprised when he answered. A 40 year old man answered. He stood about 6'1", 195 lbs. with short brown hair and a goatee. It was obvious that he had a good build. I didn't quite know what to do or say. Luckily he knew that I was new to this whole thing. He had a mixture of Crystal Method and Lords of Acid playing in his CD changer. He knew I liked to get off to this music because I had told him through email. I thought that set the tone perfectly. 

I remember this feeling of intense eagerness in my stomach. It was relatively the same feeling as when you start to descend from the top of a rollercoaster. It wasn't a feeling of nervousness, it was a feeling a anticipation. I was really here and really going to fulfill my fantasy of getting fucked by a man.

Steve moved closer to me and kissed me. He sensed that I, being new to this, was not going to initiate anything. Thank god he did. After a moment or two of kissing, Steve leaned back on the couch that we were on and unzipped his pants and pulled them down a bit. "Here it comes", I thought to myself. I got down between his legs with my knees on the floor and took his still partially limp cock in my mouth. It was better than I thought. The feeling of a cock in my mouth was something that I just knew I would enjoy. As I sucked, his dick grew, as expected. After about a minute of sucking his now saliva soaked cock, I realized that he was fully erect. He had to be about 8". I was just going to town on his rock hard dick. I remember thinking about whether or not I was going to be able to take his whole cock in my ass. I was more than willing to try though. 

He opened his eyes and looked at me and asked me in a out of breathe sounding voice if I had ever sucked dick before. I slurped up his precum off the end of his cock and told him "No, but I've always wanted to." He laid his head back down and I kept on sucking while I massaged his balls. His balls had a mixture of sweat and my saliva on them which made me and I'm sure him just that much more excited. I would occasionally go down and hum on his balls and lick around them. I was also trying my hardest to deep throat but I couldn't. I could get all but about 2" of his cock in my mouth. By this time, my cock was so hard too that I feel my own precum hit me on my leg. I could feel him writhing back and forth. I almost gagged a few times because of his movement. That was alright though because I knew he was getting off to what I was doing. I could taste his precum already and was dying to get a mouthful of his cum in my mouth. 

Steve put his hand under my chin and lifted my head off his cock. He told me that me that he was going to cum if I didn't stop for a second. Then he asked me in a questioning tone, "How bout this, can I fuck you in ass? I'll start off real slow." I told him, "Sure." He told me to hold on for a second. He ran into his room and brought back a tube of KY Jelly.

He motioned me onto the couch and I got on my hands and knees in front of him. I sat there for a moment waiting to experience the feeling of having a real life warm cock in my ass for the first time. I felt his lubed up finger touch my virgin butthole. Damn the KY was cold. His finger made its way into my asshole. It felt so good, but I was eagerly anticipating the feel of his cock. He moved his finger around inside my ass and smeared the KY all around the inside and outside of my asshole. A minute later, I felt his cock in between my buttchecks. He was thrusting his 8" hard cock up and down my asscrack, lubing up his cock. I was moving with his motion also. I heard him squeeze some more KY on his cock and then Steve stood up and lowered himself onto my asshole. I felt his dick head pushing up against my ass opening. His cock wasn't going to go in easily. All of a sudden, his head poked inside my ass. I had a cramp like feeling in my asshole. Needless to say, it didn't feel good. I told Steve not to move. He could see the grimace on my face and he froze in place. I told him "Take it easy, I've never had a cock in my ass before." He tried to comfort me and told me to just relax and the painful feeling would go away. I knew he was right. I had played with dildos before and I knew that it would feel good in a short time. 

Steve slowly at first, started fucking my ass. I couldn't believe it, this was finally happening. It felt so good and so right. He was only putting in what felt like half his cock into my ass. The more he fucked me the more of his cock was entering my now devirginized hole. God damn it felt good. As minutes passed he was fucking me at a brisk pace. By this time he was fitting his whole cock inside me. I could hear and feel his balls slapping mine. I could also hear the noise of his movement because of the lubrication that was all inside and outside my asshole. I was really into it by this time. I had moved more than a foot and was leaning against the edge of the couch. I kept telling him in between breaths, "My God, fuck me harder. Damn that feels good. Don't stop." He was breathing pretty heavy too and asking in a seductive voice "Does that feel good, baby?" 

Steven was fucking me pretty hard. I could feel his full weight bucking up against my ass every thrust he took. I was in no mood to quit now. Every time he pushed his cock in me all the way, I could feel him hit this spot and just felt so damn good. I wasn't aware that men had a G-spot but if I didn't, Steve sure created one deep in my ass. If you've ever been so extremely horny to the point where you get this thick saliva in your mouth, then you can understand how horny I was at that moment. I was thrusting myself back on his dick while he was pushing in and out of me. This went on for what seemed like about 20 minutes until I felt my cock start to orgasm. I hadn't even touched my dick nor had Steve. I came all over his couch but he didn't seem to care. He just kept going. I always heard that older men couldn't fuck for very long but Steve was still going strong after I don't know how long. 

Within minutes, Steve started to slow down on working my ass and told me that he was getting close and he asked me where I wanted it. I told him to cum in my mouth. I had always wanted to know what the feeling of hot cum in my ass felt like but I wanted so bad to taste his cum. A momemt later, he pulled out and I turned really fast in order to catch his load with my tongue. Just then one long spurt of his juice shot out and half of it went right in my mouth and the other half shot across my cheeck. About 5 more dribbles of cum came out of the head of his bright red cock and fell right into my mouth. I swished it around in my mouth and then let all his cum drip back out of my mouth and down my chest. Steve was groaning as if he had never had an orgasm in his life. 

I then said, "I wonder what a hot load of cum feels like in my ass. Just then, Steven turned me back around and propped me up on all fours again and put his dick back in my ass. He went right back to fucking me as fast as he could. About 10 minutes later, he started to make some more noises like he was going to ejaculate again. I started to feel a hot juice in my ass. It made me feel even more slimey and lubricated than I already was. It was a unique feeling. I loved it all. He pulled his cock out of my ass. His cock was bright red by now as I'm sure my ass was, and starting to go limp. Steve sat down on the end of the couch and asked me what I thought. I told him that we had to do it again some time. Needless to say, this wasn't my last time with a man. Spending the evening with an older man lead to a great evening that I will never forget.

The next time I got with Steve, I asked him to bring a friend over, if he had any that would like to participate. I'll save that story for later though.