 "Mom, Dad...I'm gay," I say to my parents as they sit across for me with nervous expressions, clearly feeling confused about the news.

"But you're on the football team!" says Mom, looking dumbfounded about the news.

"I know."

"And you played soccer."

"I know."

"You took Emaly to the prom, and you guys were out all night together."

"I know."

"For heaven's sake, Oliver! Say something besides 'I know!"

"Mom, I'm gay," I say nonchalantly.

"Don't get smart with me young man, this is a serious matter! Say something, Eugene!"

My mom turns to my father in a full-blown panic, waiting for him to back her up and tell me that I'm disgusting and that there's no way that they'd ever accept me. My father looks at me in the eyes for the first time in the 30 minutes that we've sat down and he just takes a deep breath and sits back into the love seat.

"I'd be lying if I said I wasn't disappointed, Oliver." He inhales deeply and then lets out a long sigh, " but, you're my son, and I'll never give anyone the right to say that Eugene Granger isn't a supportive father in his kid's time of need."

My "time of need" is what my father had decided to call me living my life as my most authentic self. Everyone sits in silence for what feels like a lifetime and I decide to break it by saying, "I know that this is a shock to you guys but I've known for a long time. I just want you to know that this is not a "lifestyle choice" or my "time of need" this is just me, your son, trying to be the best me I can be." Shit, I sound like I'm trying to justify everything but, I'm really just trying to get them to understand. My mother adjusts the sleeves of her oversized sweater and sits back into the love seat, joining my father. 

They sit there for about thirty seconds and then my mother sits right back up with her legs criss-cross on the couch like she's had a stroke of genius. 

"How about this, you asked about taking a year off before college to travel. Dad and I will pay for your travel and expenses while you're gone. But you have to promise to think a little harder about your decision. Okay, bud?"

The conversation went downhill from there, but in the end, we decided that I'd take my year off to travel, and they'd take that time to wrap their heads around their only son being gay. I know they didn't mean any harm, but it's hard for me not to think that they just don't want to get me.

Fast forward to now and my year's almost up. I'm now staying in a hotel in Mexico for the last night and I decided to go out and have some fun to celebrate. I go to a restaurant called Jorge's which I've been to many times, the owner is handsome and we hooked up once. I had nothing but good memories until tonight though...

It's dark, why is it so dark in my room, the last thing I remember is being at Jorge's restaurant, and after that...I went back to the hotel right? I feel a sharp pain come up my spine and though I'm hesitant, I open my eyes. Upon opening them I see Jorge himself, and he's FUCKING ME!

"Hey, dude what the fuck!" I shout as he continues to ram into me harder and harder.

"You like that Olly boy, you like it right! I bet those sissy American boys have never fucked you like this!" 

I'm speechless at this point, I remember giving Jorge some suggestive looks today, and the last time I was here we did have sex, but I was assuming it was a one time thing. I didn't think he'd fuck my lifeless drunk body, I've got to find a way to get out of this, should I try to seduce him so he'll cum quickly? Nah, that'd never work he's already hard and inside me with no seduction at all. Ah, maybe he'll finish If I say something sexy in his ear. I reach up and grab his shoulders with both hands as I sit up, I push him onto his back and begin to ride him.

"It's a lot more fun when I'm into it , right? Lay down and let me take care of you for a while." 

I begin to slowly grind my ass on his dick and he's so into it he begins to let out all kinds of dirty sounds.

"Oh, Oliver you're a kinky little bitch aren't you? Why don't you become my woman, my wife has never fucked me like this. Ah...I love how your little tight ass feels on my dick." I had forgotten this guy had a kink for pretending I'm the other woman, I'll use this to my advantage to get the fuck out of here. 

I begin to ride his cock even more seductively until I can see his breathing picking up and I know he's about to cum, he's trying to hold it in but right when I knew he couldn't take it anymore I leaned in and slapped him, then I bent down to his ear and whispered.

"Don't ever mention your whore wife to me while your dick is inside me, you dirty little pervert."

And with those words Jorge let out a huge groan and came inside me, I quickly got up and started to grab my clothes.

"You can't leave that inside you, you'll get a stomach ache, let me help you clean it up." Jorge said, looking annoyingly happy with himself. 

"Like I'd ever let you put your pervy hands on me again. I can clean it myself when I get home." I quickly throw on my clothes and leave, thank God I'm leaving Mexico in the morning, I can't take much more of Jorge being next door.

I walk back to my hotel and let out a sigh of relief, finally some quiet. I decided that a bath would be the most peaceful method of getting Jorge's load out of me so I quickly draw one and ease into the warm water. I've been through so much in the past year of discovery that I'm actually a little excited to be going back to my boring life in Washington. I graduated high school last year and somehow convinced my parents to allow me one year to "find myself." 

I came out to them the week before graduation, and though they both were sad for a few days, eventually they started to pretend that nothing happened. I think they let me come on this trip to get me out of their hair and not deal with me, but that's fine I've had a year of meaningless, loveless gay sex and I am now ready to begin my life as a run of the mill college student. I had agreed to go to Horizon University in my hometown, where everyone from high school had gone after graduation, so they'll all be my upperclassmen.

"Unhh... " 

I let out a sigh of relief as I felt the Jorge jizz leaving my body.

"I'd better get to bed so I don't miss my flight in the morning," I whisper to myself, as I dry off and lay naked in bed.

A month has passed, and I've settled into student life, I entered into the psychology program because I didn't know what else to do and I had taken a few psychology classes in high school, everyone seems pretty cool here and most of them I already know. I became fast friends with a fellow freshman in the dorms named Marie, she was beautiful with deep melanin skin and the most beautiful curly natural hair, which she always styled in a different way every week it felt like. She was tall and fit, with a round ass and huge breasts, basically a body that any hetero guy would love, but I loved it for the way her fall fashion fell against it. 

"When are you gonna get a boyfriend, Oliver?" 

Marie asked me one day as we were sitting in her living room eating pizza. Marie was the only one that I had come out to since I had moved on campus.

"I don't know, I haven't even thought about one. Gays with boyfriends make me nauseous, I just want to hook up, and never see you again. Maybe I'm not fit for monogamy?" I respond, meeting her cold glance when I finish my sentence. 

"Bullshit!" Marie says to me giving me an annoyed look.

"Everyone wants someone to love them, and hold them and be their one and only, I don't believe that you don't want that at all, Oliver."

I sigh and take another bite of my pizza, and with a full mouth I say, "We can't all be happy and perfect like you and Charlie, maybe I'm not one of the lucky ones."

Marie lets out a sigh and then grins.

"He really is perfect isn't he?" 

I roll my eyes and simply say.

"Don't start..." 

Marie and I just laugh and continue with our pizza and movies. Charlie was Marie's boyfriend and a teacher's assistant in the psychology department so I'd seen Mr. Perfect up close. He was tall with light tan skin, and a jawline that won't quit, his hair was cut short on the sides with a little length in the top and you could obviously tell he went to the gym. I had fantasized about him a few times before learning that he was Marie's boyfriend, which forced me to give up my homo hopes of one day being ravished by him.

I fell asleep on Marie's couch and was awakened by the sounds of sex, I rubbed my eyes and put on my glasses to get ready to leave, I didn't want to hear Marie's roommate and her boyfriend. But when I look over I realize Marie is gone and I decide to go to her room and let her know I'm leaving. As I approach Marie's room I quickly realize that this time it isn't her roommate having sex, but Marie herself! With Charlie?!

I gasp and quickly cover my mouth so I'm not discovered, but the thought of seeing Charlie's hard cock proves to be too intriguing. The door is cracked so I decided to push it open a little farther, when I look in I see Marie bent over the side of the bed blindfolded and Charlie thrashing into her from the back. I'm not usually a fan of straight porn but the sight of his muscles covered in sweat gives me an instant boner. They're really going at it and he flips her over on her back and starts pounding into her, she's moaning so loudly that it makes me blush.

He leans down and starts to suck her left nipple while tweaking the right between his fingers, this seems to get her going, even more, he's starting to moan a little louder now which really gives me a hard-on, but I'm trying not to grab my cock because that'd be too weird for comfort. He pulls out of her soaking wet pussy and his cock is dripping with her juices he guides her body on top of him to ride him and as he's doing so he and I make contact for the first time since I've known of him.

I'm stunned, I don't know whether to run away or pretend I didn't see anything. He grins and begins thrusting his dick into her, the whole while he's staring at me and I get even more turned on. She's riding him, and he's playing with her nipples all while he's staring at me. I can't help but to pull my cock out and begin to jack off right there in the hallway, being careful not to moan loudly so Marie can't hear me. Our eyes never leave each other, and as I'm rubbing my cock he seems to get even more into it with Marie. 

She's shouting in pleasure now and so is he, his eyes are locked on mine, and I'm about to cum from the sheer tension. I hear Marie say.

"I'm about to cum" 

With those words she shouts in pleasure, he looks at her for a second, and then looks at me and mutters.

"Let's cum together."

I don't know if he's talking to me or her but I cum instantly in my hand and I hear him groan and cum all over Marie. I quickly recover feeling a little ashamed, and pull my pants up and leave. 

I never did tell Marie I was leaving, and I never did figure out what Charlie was thinking.