 Chapter One: The Dark God

This is my true life experience at a gym just outside Washington, DC, circa 2005-2009.

He was young, his birthdate tattooed on his bicep told me he was just 19. Like me, over six feet tall, but unlike me, he had the body of a god. His skin a deep, rich cocoa. His abs formed an eight pack, his nipples were perfect, quarter sized and prominent.

He sat in the steam room, with a towel draped over his crotch. I had worked up a sweat and stepped out for a cool rinse in the shower. When I returned, I noticed his towel bulging with promise, his right hand hidden under the towel. That's when I noticed a tube of vaseline on the bench beside him. 

I spread my towel on the bench and sat down again.

With a tiny cock, sometimes guys teased me and called it a clit, you'd think I would be embarrassed to let it show, but I had found that the gym steamroom was the perfect place to put the joke on display; guys that were looking to take charge, to dominate, honed in on dinky dicked guys like me because the chances were pretty good that life had already taught us our place.

This young man was lithe, and more so as he extended one leg in my direction. I could feel the heat of his leg on mine, and I took his reach as a sign. I looked directly at his crotch and licked my lips in the most lascivious manner I could manage. He throbbed and his bulge bounced. I touched myself and licked my lips again.

Just then the steamroom door opened. We were joined by a 30-something hardbody. We both cooled our jets; in fact, the young stud stepped out of the steamroom. He didn't return. After a bit I left. I found him in the dry sauna, sitting in a corner where he couldn't be seen from the door with it's small window. He was furiously stroking his manhood.

I said, "you'll rub yourself raw, can I take care of that for you?"

He didn't speak a word. He just pulled his hand off himself and thrust his hips upward in a bold invitation to submit.

I did. 

I sat below him and turned my head toward his brown, bold boner. His cock wasn't "huge" ... about 8" long, but it was, as I would later learn, thick enough to make a man walk bow-legged. Today, however, a first time for us both, I simply worshipped his youthful prominence. Kissing the head of his penis like a long-lost lover, licking his pole like a child's favored lollipop, suckling his large sack and testicles.

His hands slipped around my head.

Gentle pressure let me know what he wanted. What he wanted was to slide his cock down my throat, to make my face his personal pussy. He used his hands - pulling me close and pushing me back - to create a thrusting motion. Gagging, teary-eyed, and adoring his manhood, I took a thorough skull fucking and loved every minute of it.

Then, at last, he spoke, uttering a caution I didn't need: "I'm going to cum!" 

He released my head, offering me the chance to rise. I impaled my face on him, gagging and swallowing urging his jizz from his balls and into my gullet. After he shot seven or eight jets of cum, I pulled off. I looked up at him, smiling, and showed him the last remnants of his cum before I greedily swallowed it all.

He just said, "thanks man, we should do this again."

And we did.

After he climaxed in my mouth, and I showed him that I swallowed his jizz, I grabbed my towel, and headed to the showers. He followed shortly. Although we exchanged furtive smiles, we didn't exchange words.

I took a long shower. I was in the habit of keeping my balls and cocklet shaved, so that always extended the time spent under the hot stream.

By the time, I headed to my locker, he was pulling on his Air Jordans. As I walked past him, he spoke softly, "see you next Saturday?"

Chapter Two: Anticipations

I had parked behind the gym, and it was nearing dusk when I exited. I sat in my car, lights off, and pulled out a bottle of poppers I brought with me. I spent the next 10-15 minutes reliving the intense moments of shared pleasure I had just experienced. In short order, I'd covered my hands with sweet, sticky cum and I began to lick and suck the cum off.

Once I'd gotten things "adjusted," I headed home.

"Nice workout sweetheart?" my wife nearly cooed as I walked into the kitchen.

"Great," I enthused, then wondered if maybe I'd been too enthusiastic, but she didn't seem to notice.

"Olympus is always nearly dead on Saturday afternoons," I mentioned, "if you came then, you wouldn't have to wait for a cross-trainer to be free."

How suspicious could my behavior be if I was begging my wife to come to the gym with me?

"Oh sweetie, I know you're right, but I really like going early and getting fired up for the day!"

"Well, I know, but I wanted to let you know, in case you ever change your mind!"

She smiled and thanked me again, none the wiser to the misdeeds of her cock-slurping husband.

I jacked off thinking of Saturday four more times during the week. I hit the gym twice during the week but didn't see my Adonis.

I did see another locker room Lothario. On many occasions, while I showered, I had seen him lingering nearby and pretty frankly and openly watching me as I showered. I had even stroked up a little boner a couple of times for him to enjoy.

After his workouts downstairs, this guy always slipped on a speedo and took some time in the Jacuzzi. The Jacuzzi was oddly placed. It was in a separate section of the locker room, and surrounded by glass on three sides. The hallway to the women's locker room ran past on one of the glass-walled sides. So guys always wore some kind of gear in the Jacuzzi even though there was a separate unit for the ladies.

Mr. Speedo had been giving me looks for weeks. I knew he was up for something. When he had slipped on his speedo and headed toward the Jacuzzi, I got into a pair of swim trunks I'd brought with me, and followed him.

I got into the bubbly water about one third of the way around the Jacuzzi from Mr. Speedo. With the water so frothy, we both safely fondled our crotches without fear of being seen by anyone walking past.

Then it happened.

I felt skin contact. His foot rubbed my lower calf. I didn't resist.

He slid a bit over toward me. I didn't move and I didn't say stop.

His hand brushed the outside of my thigh. I gasped. His hand rolled over from the outside of my thigh to the inside. Then it began that journey that thrills, upward to my crotch.

He caressed my cocklet, which was already rock hard. I spread my thighs to allow him full access. With unspoken permission, he began stroking my clothed manhood.

This was too intense and my experiences were so few that it was only a few moments and I ejaculated. Almost immediately, he got up and left the Jacuzzi. I sat and enjoyed the afterglow of forbidden sexual pleasure.

Chapter 3: Riding Adonis

Saturday finally arrived. I spent the morning ticking items off of my never ending "honey do" list of chores. I knew that the surest way to salve the possibility that my wife might ever suspect anything was to keep the list of household chores short and tended. So, by the time mid-afternoon had rolled around, I'd mowed the yard, spread some mulch, and fixed a bathroom leaky faucet.

I knew my wife had hit the gym early on Saturday, while I was getting gas for the lawn mower, but I asked her if she wanted to join me. She hesitated, and mentioned that she might enjoy just going and using the Jacuzzi and the steam and sauna rooms. Ultimately, she demurred, "I think I'll just stay home, and maybe I'll get the grill going around 5 or so, if you want to pick up some steaks on your way home?"

"Of course!" I replied. I gathered my gym bag, went to the workshop and found my secret stash of poppers and put them in the bag as well, and then headed to Olympus.

I didn't see my Adonis on the gym floor when I entered, but thought he might be upstairs in the locker room. He wan't. And the locker where he had kept his belongings was not in use. I changed into my workout gear and went downstairs. I spent a half hour on the cross-trainer and then worked the weight circuit. With an hour under my belt, and mounting disappointment, I decided to head to the locker room, to shower, and to use the steam room and sauna.

As I was dropping my shorts and jock, he arrived. He took a locker two over from mine. Smiling, he said nothing, but he reached into his pocket and dropped something into my gym bag.

It was a Magnum condom, Ribbed for "her" pleasure.

I looked up at him, and he just mouthed the words, "if you want, we could use that."

My little dick gave him all the answer he needed by springing into a full 3" erection.

"I take that as a 'yes,'" he whispered.

I nodded, maybe too vigorously.

I grabbed my towel and left for a quick shower. After which I sat in the steam room.

When he entered, he said, "I like the way you sucked me off, but I really would like to be inside your pussy."

His words made me throb. He'd just called my ass a "pussy" and I'd seen that in porn before but never heard the words spoken to me and certainly not from such a nubile god!

"I've never been fucked before," I stammered. "I mean, I've played with my hole with improvised toys, like the handles of tools and such ..." My voice faded with uncertainty.

"It's cool, yo," he spoke, "I know what I'm doing, you'll be amazed at what you feel."

"Okay, Adonis," I whispered.

The locker room was quiet as I headed to the shower, and then slipped into the steam room.

Adonis was there and waiting, his towel shielding a sailing mast erection.

I spread my towel on the bench and sat down, staring with open-faced lust at the hidden promise of penile pleasure.

"I want you to jack off for me, baby," he spoke softly. "Don't climax, but get yourself close."

I wrapped my hand around my dick and began stroking.

"Pinch your nipples for me, baby," he commanded.

I did as instructed, pinching with my left hand as I stroked with my right. All the while I was furtively glancing from Adonis to the door and back to Adonis. I pleasured myself wantonly because he had told me to do so, and I was close to forgetting the risk of getting caught.

Just then a shadow passed the door and I leaned over my own tiny erection while we waited to see if we were going to be interrupted. We could hear water being turned on in the showers, and then, after about five minutes, the water cut off. Shortly after, the shadow again crossed the steam room door.

Without waiting to be told, I began stroking myself and pinching my nipples again.

"I'm close," I whispered.

"STOP!" he ordered me. I obeyed. It felt weird to do it, but I also whispered, "Yes Sir, Daddy."

He smiled.

He reached toward me, he had a small bottle of lube in his hand.

"Get your pussy, ready, boy," he commanded.

I took the bottle and opened it, pouring a puddle of the lube into my hand. I was standing, and I put my left foot up on the bench, to give my hand room to work. I applied that puddle of lube to my pussy lips, then poured more lube into my hand and began working my fingers into my hole.

Adonis spoke again.

"Now, I want you to get me hard, no hands, just your lips and tongue baby."

"Yes, Daddy," I responded.

I sat back on the bench and I leaned over, taking another quick, furtive glance toward the steam room door.

"Don't worry about the door, baby," Adonis cooed, "I'll watch it."

My brain said, "don't be a fool" but my throbbing pussy couldn't hear it because my cocklet was saying "fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!"

So I did as you might expect, I began to worship this beautiful god, this Priapus of bliss. I kissed the helmet head. I licked it, first tentatively then with full-throated lust. I impaled my face on him, and prayed I could die on his spear.

He was soon rigid and then leaking precum.

"It's time, baby," he whispered, "I want to be inside you when I cum."

He handed me the condom he'd shown me in the locker room, and I began to roll it down on his cock, as though the latex could ever hope to sheath that beast with which he intended to mount me and lay claim to my pussy.

"So, this is your first time?" he queried me.

"Yes."

"Well, I won't lie as say it won't hurt," he explained. "It's going to hurt like a bitch, but with the lube and you following my instructions, you'll be begging for more before we finish."

He repositioned himself forward onto the edge of the bench.

"Come stand in front of me, baby, but facing away," he ordered, "like you're getting ready to sit in Daddy's lap."

My boy clit was leaking more precum and my pussy was throbbing. 

"Okay baby, I'm going to let you be in charge for a minute, but don't disappoint Daddy, I want you to start lowering yourself onto my cock."

As I squatted slightly, to lower myself, he took hold of his penis and began to rub it around my perineum.

FUCK! 

Oh my god, I'd never experienced a feeling so intense as his heat seeking missile searching out my pussy lips, gliding over them again and again.

Then, when his rocket found those lips he paused and spoke again:

"Down, baby, set yourself down on it, and push out like you're taking a shit!"

I lived to obey my young God in this moment. I lowered myself and pushed out. There wasn't a sound but I could have sworn there was a POP!

The pain was like a lightning strike: brief and brilliant, intense and burning.

"Wait right there," he commanded again, and I paused, although my thighs were cramping from the position.

"Stand up," he nearly barked, but I did.

He then applied lube to his condom-gloved penis.

"Again!"

I lowered myself. He teased my pussy again, moving his cock head away from my hole just as I thought I was about to begin my passage to heaven.

He knew what he was doing, I realize now. He was inflaming me. I was becoming increasingly desperate for him to enter me, but he was in charge and having none of it.

"Baby, I want you to stroke yourself until you cum now."

"Yes, Daddy," I replied and began working my little cock while he teased my pussy.

"I'm close, Daddy," I chortled out, at which he grabbed my hips but allowed me to continue writhing on him and stroking myself.

"Tell me when you start to cum," he dictated.

Then, just as I was starting to say, "I'm cumming," he used his grip on my hips to thrust his cock into my pussy, and not just a bit, he took a full hard stroke and I felt his pubes rise to my ass cheeks.

"OWWWWWWWWWW," I moaned, the pain again intense, but also feeling my clit spurt gob after gob of jizz over my hand and onto the floor.

Without warning, he placed a hand in the middle of my back, and standing, pushed me over, thrusting into me now in a standing position, and I, now staring at the floor below me.

Geez geez geez. This was like no pain I had experienced. I had used improvised toys to fuck my ass before, but carrots and kitchen gadget handles were not nearly so thick and his big black cock.

"Fuck, baby," he soothed me, "your pussy feels so good!"

He kept me bent over and began thrusting in and out, working my cunt over and completely owning it.

After impaling me on his cock for several minutes, he withdrew completely. He pulled the condom off his cock and said, "You're HIV negative, right?"

I replied that I was, by which I only meant, as far as I know.

He poured lubed on his cock and said, "Baby, I want to put my jizz in you, I want you to have my babies!"

My knees nearly buckled at how he talked to me like I was a bitch in heat, but I wasn't about to argue with him, and, honestly, I'd always told myself that when I got fucked, I'd want to experience skin on skin.

"Daddy, fuck me please, cum in my pussy," I begged.

And he did.

For four or five more intense moments he fucked me bow-legged, and then he said it: "I'm gonna cum baby, are you sure you want this load in your pussy?"

"Yes, Daddy," I pleaded, "fuck me pregnant, give me your jizz!"

And he did.

I felt the heat. I felt him throbbing. I heard his gasps of pleasure.

And I knew that he owned my pussy for as long as he wanted it!