 Three days have passed and I'm too afraid to answer any of Marie's texts, she doesn't seem mad, but she probably wants to meet up and fight me. I know that Charlie has told her by now, that her creepy friend Oliver got off to her fucking him. I think I'll just avoid her for a little while, that should give her some time to cool off at least. 

It's the weekend and I always go to my parent's home to sleep over on Saturday and Sunday, because y'know, they can't have me on campus doing gay boy things, because their friends might find out. Okay, I'm more than a bit irritated by this, but I do as I'm asked.

My parents have lived on the same street in the same house since I was 3, so this is the only home I know and though the circumstances are annoying, I don't mind coming back here. I enter my parent's home and take my shoes off and yell.

"I'm home."

To let them know I'd arrived. And almost like magic here come Stan and Michelle ready to shower me with "love." 

"Oh, sweetie!" My mom proclaimed. "You really should have on a sweater it's almost 60 degrees outside."

"I'll be fine mom." I muttered. "It was only a 5 minute drive, I don't think that requires a sweater." 

"Don't mouth off to your mother!" My dad said, sternly. "One day you're gonna wish she was there to give you advice on what to wear. Why, what are you gonna do when you have a wife and kids? Let them freeze to death?"

The room went completely silent and my mom pushed my dad gently on the arm. 

"Oh sweetheart, he doesn't mean anything by it, this is all just a big adjustment for us." My mom said, trying to make it seem like an innocent mistake, and I'm just the idiot who's supposed to believe it.

"Got it, Mom. No need to explain."

I take my duffle bag and head upstairs to my room. Why do I have to be the stereotypical gay boy with the parents who don't get me? I wish they'd just say, "It's alright, Olly, we love you regardless of all that." That's definitely too much to ask. Dad works at the city council's office and mom is a member of the DAR (Daughters of the American Revolution), they're literally programmed to hate my kind, and if they don't hate them they're programmed to not want them in their families.

I want to completely write them off but they were always good parents when I was growing up, they always seemed so caring when they thought I was going down the exact path they'd planned for me, I wonder how much of their affection was actually genuine. Oh well, I can't let that bother me and ruin my weekend. I got a text from my friend Simon saying that he'll be in town tomorrow, so that'll be a few hours out of the house, plus Simon has always been hot so that'll be a treat.

The first time I ever really gave my sexuality some serious thought was because of Simon, we had been friends since childhood so I always assumed that my wanting to be near him was just because we were best friends, but I quickly realized it was more. 

Senior year, once we were all 18 and could buy porn, every Saturday my friend Carson's parents would leave him home alone so they could have a date night, and he always invited all the boys in our homeroom over to watch.

I remember the day like it was yesterday, we all circled around the TV to watch Jane Buster, the big tit bombshell. About 15 minutes into the video I noticed that everyone had stopped talking and commenting. I didn't feel anything but when I looked over at Simon he was kind of squirming in his seat, I didn't know what was wrong so I put my hand on his knee and asked if he had to use the restroom. He just looked at me with big innocent eyes and said.

"Are you dumb?" 

While continuing to look at the film, when I looked around I noticed that all of my friends were squirming except for me, so I watched the rest of the film to see if I'd start to squirm too. I didn't.

After the movie was over we all kind of awkwardly walked home, Simon asked if he could come sleep over at my house cause he didn't want his little brother (whom he shared a room with) to see his boner. I said it was fine and I asked my parents and he asked his, and it was all fine.

We went upstairs to my room and I started to undress and change into some basketball shorts when I noticed that Simon was just staring at me confused.

I said, "What?" Really wondering what was wrong with him. 

"How do you not have one of these?" He said pointing at his mountain-sized hard on that I hadn't gotten a good look at until now.

"Oh, you know I just thought about my sick grandma and it went right away." I said awkwardly, trying not to sound too suspicious.

"I can't think of anything to get rid of this, I'm gonna have to take a shower to cool myself down."

"NO!" I shouted before I could really think about what I was doing. "Uh, my parents will notice if you're in the shower too long, you can go ahead and do what you have to do now, and I'll just take a nap or something."

"Are you crazy, Olly? I can't possibly do that with you right here, that'd be so fucking weird."

I don't know why but I got sort of frantic and really wanted him to do it in my room, so I said.

"If we both do it then it won't be weird, and we just won't tell anyone about it, deal?"

He looks hesitant, but he nods in agreement. I'm watching him intently as he unzips his khaki pants and pulls them down around his ankles, he's wearing boxer briefs so he just pulls his dick through the hole in the front at first before quickly deciding to just pull those down as well. I don't realize how hard I'm staring until he says.

"Well, are you also gonna get uncomfortably naked or is it just gonna be me?" 

I stand up quickly and start to take off the pants that I had just put on, and now I definitely have a boner. He's not paying any attention to me, but he starts to lightly stroke his dick, it's a lot bigger than I imagined and surprisingly uncircumcised.  

"I didn't know there was actually people who still have foreskin." I said, without thinking. 

Simon's cheeks went beet red and he says, "Stop staring at my cock you pervert." 

I laugh it off and begin to lightly stroke my own dick trying not to stare at Simon anymore. About ten minutes go by, and I hear Simon start to moan across from me, so I reluctantly looked up. His cheeks were bright red, and I swear I saw a tear in his eyes, he was so beautiful. I feel my body start to tingle from just looking at him, and I'm trying to keep myself from cumming before Simon so I loosen my grip a little bit to cool down. 

Simon seems to be struggling with the finish, and I'm starting to wonder if it's because of me. What can I do to help him? I think to myself. I muster up all of my courage and almost instinctively I lean forward and crawl toward him. 

"What are you doing?" He says, with a look of panic and confusion.

"You seem to be struggling and I want to help you out, as a friend, of course."

He starts to say something then he just closes his eyes and relaxes his body. 

Is this his consent? 

Can I do whatever I want now? What do I even want to do? All of these questions are racing through my head and finally I breathe deeply and go down to place my mouth on his cock. I'm not quite sure what I'm doing at first so I start to just lick it from the bottom to the top over and over, which he doesn't seem to hate but he also doesn't seem to be enjoying too much. 

Meanwhile, my dick is wet from precum because his cock is so fucking hot in my mouth. I decided to try a new technique and I just put his entire dick in my mouth at one time. This time he reacts and almost comes out of his skin with pleasure. 

"Shit, Olly where did you learn how to do that?"

I give a sideways smile and continue with my newfound technique that gets him going. Over and over again I'm going up and down on his dick, it's going in and out of my throat and he's starting to really start to thrust into my mouth. It's so hot that I have to put my hands on my dick and start jerking off, his eyes are closed and he lets out a sigh of relief and releases all of his cum into my mouth while I simultaneously cum in my hand. 

I've never had cum in my mouth and honestly, it was disgusting, but I didn't want my mom to find it spat in my trash can so I decided to just...swallow it. His eyes were huge and he put his hand over his eyes and says, "I'm gonna go take a shower." 

Then walked out of the room. When he came back I went for my turn in the shower and we went to sleep. The next day it was like nothing had happened and we'd been normal friends ever since. Never talking about that one Saturday that I made him cum with my mouth.

Even still, I do enjoy seeing Simon and I don't have any romantic feelings for him, so it's never awkward when we see each other. I haven't come out to him, but I can assume he knows that I'm definitely gay. I wake myself out of my Simon daydream and respond to his text saying that I'll meet him at the diner the next day for lunch when I see that I have another text from Marie asking me if we could please talk, with a crying emoji at the end. 

Am I making her cry by not responding? I decide that I'll call her back this time and she answers on the second ring.

"Oliver! Is it really you?" She yells into the phone, and I can hear her voice trembling on the other line. 

"Are you crying? Of course this is me, why are you crying." 

"I'm so sorry Olly, did you hear me and Charlie that night? Did we make you uncomfortable? Is that why you haven't answered my texts?" 

She really sounds concerned about me. I begin to feel bad for being selfish and not responding to her, so I come up with an excuse. 

"I've just had a bunch of family issues going on, you know how my parents can be!" 

She sighs with relief, "I'm so sorry I haven't been able to be there for you. But it's scary when my best friend won't reply to my messages." 

I assure her that everything is fine now and by the time we get off of the phone she's laughing happily, and I feel relieved that Charlie hadn't told her what I'd done.

The next day, I get up around 10 am and begin to get ready to meet Simon for lunch at our favorite diner. I brush my teeth a little longer today, but besides that I get ready normally and head downstairs to greet my parents. Dad is on his way into the office, and Mom is washing dishes when I walk down. 

"Good morning." I say nonchalantly, and I head for the door.

"Sweety you got up so late you didn't eat breakfast I saved some fo..." Is all I heard my mom say before I went outside, got in my car and pulled off. I didn't care to eat the breakfast she'd prepared for me full of fake love, and I was on my way to have lunch anyways.

I pull up to the diner and Simon is already there, and still looking hot as hell. He gets out of his car and walks around to hug me. He's about the same height as me, but definitely more masculine. He has tan skin and shiny black hair which he keeps a little long and gelled back out of his face. He's wearing a white polo shirt, and navy blue slacks that hugged him in all the right places, I particularly enjoyed the way the sleeves of his shirt hugged his muscles. 

I swallowed my thirst and managed to cough out a greeting and we laughed like old times. When we got into the restaurant the old waitress who had worked there since we were in middle school already knew exactly what we'd planned to order so she brought out our chocolate milkshakes and we sat at our usual table.

"So how's Horizon U treating you? I never expected you to actually follow through with your end of the bargain with your parents."

"It's going well." I said quickly, "but I'm not really into it. I just go to class and go back to my dorm, y'know?"

Simon gives me a knowing look, and takes a sip of his milkshake. He looks like he wants to say something but then he stops himself and takes another sip. 

"Wow, you must be really thirsty today, you haven't put that shake down yet."

I say, in an attempt to make the conversation less awkward for the both of us. 

"Oh, I just haven't had one of these in a while since I moved away from home, I'm enjoying it." 

He says, as he takes ANOTHER sip of his drink. Why is it so awkward today? Simon and I have never had this issue before, except for that one time. 

"What are you doing after this?" He says quickly before going right back into his milkshake. 

"Um, nothing just was gonna go back home, why?"

"Let's go for a drive, and see the old campus." I nod in agreement and he seems to relax a little bit afterward after our food comes and we start to eat, things seem to get a little more comfortable and before you know it we're talking like always.

After a long lunch I get into the car with Simon and we take a ride to our old high school, Lincoln High. 

"It feels like longer than a year since I've been here." Simon says as he walks across the student parking lot. 

"I know." I say, quickly agreeing.

We walk through the parking lot in an awkward silence again, until Simon says, "Remember that time in your room after we watched the porn at Carson's house?" 

I freeze, and kind of just stare at the ground. Am I imagining this or is he talking about that forbidden time in my room?

"Oh yeah, that was crazy, I'd almost completely forgot." I say, even though I'd just thought about it the day before.

"I haven't been able to forget it." Simon says, and now he's looking at me with fire in his eyes, I have no idea what his intentions are at this point.

"What do you mean? Did I disgust you that much, I'm sorry, I was just a young stupid kid at the..."

"I loved it!" He shouted before I could finish my sentence and he's looking at the ground instead of me. 

"I really...liked it, at the time. I don't know why, well...I know why, but I don't know why I'm like that."

"Like what?" I ask trying to decipher what he's saying to me.

"I don't know why, but I think I love you, Olly!"

And with those words he looks into my eyes, and I can see the tears streaming down his face, this beautiful man has loved me all this time and I didn't know. But, why do I still not feel anything? I walk up to him and wipe his tears, then kiss him softly. 

"That's wonderful, Simon. Don't cry, let's just go back to the car for now and talk."

When we get back to the car, we talk for about 30 minutes and decide that since he lives two hours away we would try to just talk to each other every day and see how things go. I let him know that I had been living my life as a gay man since graduation, and surprisingly he has too. We start talking about my time in Mexico and how I would sleep with crazy people like Jorge, and he told me about his ex boyfriend who had only lasted 2 months, the conversation goes on and on like old times until it's dark outside. 

"I'd better call Mom and let her know I'll be home soon." 

I say as I take out my phone to text my mother but, before I can hit send, Simon pulls my face to his and kisses me softly on the lips, our second kiss. We begin to kiss more and more passionately, our tongues dancing in each other's mouths.

"I've been thinking about this for a long time, what I'd do if you accepted my feelings." Simon says in between our passionate kisses.

"Oh yeah, what did you have in mind?" I say, panting from how hot things had gotten.

"I always wished I could've sucked you off too that day."

Simon says looking at me to give him the okay.

"No time like the present," I say, as I unbutton my pants in the passenger's seat and pull out my already throbbing cock.

"It looks bigger than I remembered." He says as he leans down and takes my whole dick into his mouth. I let out a loud moan and gently begin to thrust my cock into the back of his throat.

"Ah, your mouth feels so hot and wet, baby." I say as Simon continues to slob all over my erection. He continues until I'm almost at my limit, and then he says.

"Get in the back, I want to be inside you."

I quickly pull up my pants and crawl across to the back seat, followed by Simon. He lets the seats down so we'll have more room, and we both quickly undress. He turns me around and bends me over and examines my ass up close. 

"Look at it all soft and wet for me." He says as he begins to lick around my throbbing hole.

His tongue feels so good that I can feel my dick beginning to ooze and get all sticky. Simon realizes too, and reaches around to grab my hard cock and starts stroking it. 

"Nh, don't touch me there, I'm definitely going to cum if you do that," I exclaim and it seems to fall on deaf ears because he continues eating my ass and jerking my cock until I cum into a puddle it seems. 

My head is foggy and I'm lost for a second before I feel Simon slide his dick into me. I let out a loud moan as he eases into me from behind. 

"Ah, this is just what I imagined your insides to feel like. You're so relaxed and ready for me. I love this feeling." 

He's saying such embarrassing things but I don't care because I am so engulfed in the moment that I can't think of anything else but Simon. He continues fucking me for what seems like forever and at this point my cock is ready to cum again, when he turns me around and puts me down on top of him to ride his cock. 

He leans back and I do what I do best, I begin to grind my ass against him so that his entire shaft can fill me with nothing but his ecstasy. He's moaning loudly, I can tell that he's close to cumming and so am I. He begins to stroke my cock again while I'm riding his cock and I can't hold it anymore. I cum all over his chest and he cums inside me, I've never had such an intense orgasm before this, the thought of someone loving me so much after all this time really made me happy. I had almost forgotten about Charlie.