 There I was, on my knees in the center of a dimly lit living room, naked as a jay bird. Between my thighs, my cock and balls were bound up tight from a latex cock ring. My dick jutted out from my crotch a good five or six inches, excited by the vibrating bullet that the ring had pressed against my scrotum. A long drool of my clear pre-cum steadily leaked from my piss-slit, down my shaft, and across my hard nut sack. But this wasn't about my cock. It was about the six cocks being jacked in front of me. All aimed at me. All ready to paint my eager face in hot cum.

I knelt on the carpeted living room floor of my host, Herman. He was at the end of the semi-circle, to my right. His long, thick, black cock wrapped in his strong fingers, which were moving back and forth along the length slowly and steadily. He wasn't in any hurry to be first to fire off. He never was.

Next to him stood Andrew. He was a bit older than Herman, by a couple of years. His lengthy tube of tanned man-meat glistened in smeared pre-cum and my saliva, having been the last of these six fantastic cocks to have been on my tongue recently.

In front of me was Barry. He was a younger guy, a bit thicker, one of the "bears" of our group. He was covered in dark, course hair, and his fire-plug-like cock jutted from a thick tangle of a pubic forest. It wasn't his hand working him towards his release, however. That honor belonged to his equally thick wife Bridget, who stood behind him, her arms wrapped around her husband. She was as naked as the rest of us, too. She had her free hand up between her husband's thick thighs, squeezing his balls, while telling him, "Go ahead, baby. Cum on this pig's face. I want to see his face covered in your hot, creamy load, and then you licking it all off. Do it for me, baby. You know I like watching you suck up cum." She was slut, through and through, which was why we liked having he around on nights like these.

Next to him stood Carl. He was a high school teacher who we all knew had a thing for much younger men, boys even, than our little group consisted of. When Carl paid our little club a visit, usually only once a month or so, he always had a huge load of semen stored up, ready for whoever wanted it. I gathered that he liked to edge the hell out of himself during school hours, and even enjoyed watching practice of the various sports teams while toying with himself. That evening he had been watching the boys' soccer team practice before coming over, and now his big heavy balls were loaded with thick, creamy, pent-up semen. 

Beside Carl stood Diego, the youngest of our group, not just for that evening. He was only 30, we knew, and had been a life-long cock-sucker, by his own admission. He was the son of immigrants, day-laborers who worked two hours of north in the tomato fields. He had been invited over a few months back after Andrew had enjoyed him through a glory hole on several occasions. In fact, all of us had, as that seemed to be the guy's kink, sucking anonymous cocks through a hole in the wall. Not that I was much different than him. What cock-sucker wasn't?

Finally, at the far-left end of the semi-circle stood Edward. He was probably the oldest member of our group, a regular since day-one from what I understand. He had a beautifully long, thin cock that had probably been sucked to the root by everyone in attendance at least once, if not more. I for one had taken his entire 9" down my throat, the first one I'd eve throated as a matter of fact, the first night I had visited the club. He was insistent that way, having more or less forced himself down my gullet whether I wanted it or not. Now a days, I want it.

Behind Edward, his wife Eve sat on the loveseat. She, like the rest of us, was naked. Like her husband, she was also in her sixties, maybe only a year or two younger than Edward. She was long, very skinny, and had the leather-like skin of a woman who'd spent most of her life outdoors, and the deep tan that showed that she spent much of it naked. Her breasts were soft and flabby, and looked as if they long since been drained of any succulent milk. At the apex of her thin thighs was her hairy bush, which hid the long, deep gash of her cunt. Only recently I had been between those thighs sucking a huge load of mixed cum out of her. She hadn't been fucked since she and her husband had arrived, so I could only assume the semen belonged to someone other than her husband. Rumor had it he liked to watch her get gangbanged in truck stop showers, so I could only assume the mixture I'd so happily drank from her heated vessel had come from there earlier.

Having given each of the group a brief appraisal, I returned my full attention to the six cocks being stroked to release before me. Each Friday night, after a few hours of conversation, and a little casual tugging and sucking, one of our group would be given the honor of receiving the combined cream of the collective. In other words, Bukkake night! And this week was my turn, something I'd been craving for a while. I'd only been on the receiving end once before, then there had only been four others. 

Our club, a group of like-minded men I'd joined soon after moving to Iroquois Heights, was called quite simply the Gay & Bisexual Men of Iroquois Heights club. The name said it all. The rules were just as simple. Once you came inside the host home, and we had three locations that rotated hosting, you stripped down to your birthday suit, leaving everything in a canvass bag in the front parlor, including cell phones, brought along your towel for "planting your ass on", and joined the others in enjoying conversation, whatever porn that might be showing, and delighted in the cocks, balls, and willing mouths that the men provided. It was a place where men could come, relax, and openly enjoy themselves in any way, shape, or form. Most of us were pretty open about being gay or bi, but there were those who came that were still quite closeted. Getting blown, or more commonly blowing, was why they mostly stopped by, though a few even enjoyed going upstairs to one of the public bedrooms to enjoy being fucked. And everyone's secret was always safe with us.

Whether I was the recipient or one of the strokers, I liked to try and guess which would shoot first, and even in what order they would go off. Once in a while I would guess right. As the recipient, well, I didn't really care, so long as the hot seed painted my face, drenched my beard, and flooded my mouth. This time, I guessed right.

I had figured that by the way his eyes were sparkling, Diego would be the first to feed me. Sure enough, not ten seconds after I'd picked him, he started moaning and shivering. His fist yanked back on his wonderfully thick dick and I turned in time to see the deep piss slit wink open. Next thing was a rope of white, creamy goodness shooting my way, like an X-rated Spider-man scene. The wad slapped me in the cheek to the left of my open mouth and reaching tongue, just above my beard, with the tail striping down to my chin. Diego grunted and stepped forward enough that his next round was more on target and landed on my tongue, though some did end up in my beard as well. Before his third round released, I had his round, purple knob on my tongue and the subsequent spurts all ended up where they belonged, in my mouth.

Watching Diego erupt set off Barry, whose wife continued to work his dick happily form behind. Barry began groaning and stepped forward to start shooting his hot sperm against my right cheek and Diego shaft. I backed away from Diego's dick and took Barry's onto my tongue to slurp his thin flow of dick-cream into my mouth. I gulped and swallowed down the mixture of their semen, ready to be refilled. I didn't have to wait long, as Andrew was next to step up.

Andrew had pretty good control of his ejaculation, as he always had. As a result, he didn't erupt until he had his dick two inches into my mouth, and I wrapped my lips tight around his pulsing shaft as his tangy juices flooded in. He held my head in place and as he came, he began to work himself on my tongue slowly, face-fucking me, while moaning his delight.

Swallowing down Andrew's ball-juice, I looked over to Carl and Edward, who now stood side-by-side jerking hard and fast on their cocks. When Andrew had moved aside, these two lovely men stepped up and presented both of their cocks as one. I opened wide and was rewarded a moment later by twin volley of cum, most of which striped and spotted my face from my eyes to my chin, but I did manage to get a healthy dose to savor on my tongue. I slurped each knob in turn, reaching up to pull on the softening shafts to draw out the last little bit each of my fellow cock-suckers had in their shafts. I swallowed down the fresh mixture of semen, feeling the warmth of hot man juices as it slithered down my throat to join the other loads warming in my belly.

Last, as he was nearly every time, was Herman. His big, long, black cock finally moved forward into my view, it's knob an angry shade of indigo and glistening with smeared pre-cum. I glanced up to see him smiling lovingly down at me and I returned the look. I opened wide and let my tongue slide out, and Herman gently placed the first two inches of his cock onto it. I reached up to lovingly massage his huge, hairy balls while he continued to stroke himself. Barry's wife had moved from Barry to stand alongside Herman, and she encouraged him, "Drown that dirty faggot with your cum, baby!" Sometimes, Bridget could be a real bitch.

"Cumming," was all Herman said before my mouth was flooded by his initial burst of hot seed. Herman always fired off a huge load with his first shot, and my mouth was filled nearly to overflowing. I tried to swallow but a second, mouth-filling blast had cum rolling out of the corners of my mouth. I latched my lips tight around Herman's throbbing cock and gulped, taking a huge mouthful down past my tonsils even as another was fed to me.

Even as I worked hard to satisfy our host, I felt a warm mouth embrace my forgotten cock. With Herman's dick still in my mouth I couldn't look to see who was giving me the pleasure, so I concentrated on finishing off the job I was on. A moment later, Herman stepped back and moved off to the side, to be replaced by Edward. His long, narrow cock remained pretty hard, most likely a result of his taking Viagra or the like. Edward could be insatiable at times, and I assumed this would be one of them.

"Get this bitch soaked for me," he growled, and I opened up to start slathering his manhood up with saliva and sperm. As I did, I felt a tongue on my cheek and rolled my eyes to see Barry kneeling beside me. He enjoyed the hell out of second-hand cum, having been cuckolded by his wife for years. From what I gathered, his being a member of our little bisexual cocksucker group was her idea in the first place.

"Yeah! That's it, baby! Eat all of that cum off his faggot face!" 

I turned to look over at Bridget while Barry ran his tongue along my check at the beard-line, capturing what striped me there. She was over on the big recliner now, and beneath her was Herman. She faced him, feeding him her massively heavy tits as she settled down the length of his cock. Herman had a knack for remaining hard well after shooting off and given the right amount of stimulus, he would remain as such until he fired off again. Bridget was about to give him just such stimulus. As I watched, I recalled the last time I'd settled onto Herman's lap in just such a manner and my anus twitched from the sweet memory of it.

When my anus twitched again, I realized that it wasn't the fond memory of having an 8" black cock up my ass, but of fingers worming their way up. Edward moved back and I looked down to discover that the warm mouth that had latched onto my rigid member belonged to Eve, who was on her hands and knees to my side, gulping down my rod. I looked along her bony spine to see Andrew kneeling behind her upraised ass. By his actions he was obviously laying his rejuvenated pipe up her bony ass. Andrew was a self-proclaimed ass-man, as he liked to remind everyone in the group. He liked to brag that he and his ex-wife never once had vaginal sex during their eight-year marriage. Some of the group were skeptical, but the way he could work over my ass on occasion had me convinced. 

I shuddered as Eve's fingers stroked my prostate and she slurped down a healthy dose of pre-cum from my knob. I wiped a finger-full of someone's cum from my right cheek and licked it clean, enjoying the tang of cum every chance I got. And as I did, I watched Edward move up behind the stud fucking his wife's ass to drive his own saliva and cum-covered dick up our resident ass-man's ass. Andrew howled with agonizing delight as 9" inches of aged, leathery cock thrust into his guts, and I imagined Eve getting a fresh dick-cream painting of her bowels.

As I continued to enjoy the grandmotherly mouth working my steel-hard rod over, I saw Carl and Diego making out like teenagers on the sofa directly ahead of me. Both had the others cocks in hand, working them back to hardness as best they could after firing their own mighty loads into and onto my face. A few minutes later, they had curled up into a 69 on the sofa, taking each other balls-deep like any good cock-sucker would.

"Cum for me, baby! Cum in my fat slut-cunt!" I returned my attention to the recliner, where Bridget was riding Herman hard and fast. I worried that the chair wouldn't hold up under her ravenous actions. She tossed back her head of long, artificially blonde hair and snarled at her husband, "Get over here and suck on his nuts, bitch! I need to feel his hot seed in my pussy!"

Obediently, Barry moved to his knees between Herman's and leaned in to begin working his tongue over those big, bouncing black balls. With Barry kneeling just a foot or two away, I scooped up another finger full of spent cum from my beard and jabbed it right up his shit-chute. I heard him groan into Herman's groin while thrusting his hips back to accept my probing digit. I added a second up his loose ass, an orifice that not only I'd seen take some of the largest cocks in the group, but the fist of Frank. Frank hadn't been able to join us that Friday night. Being an over-the-road truck driver, he was out of state and wouldn't be back until the morning. I looked forward to Saturday night's party, which was a men's only affair.

Meanwhile, as I worked two fingers in and out of Barry's ass, and delighted in Eve's mouth working my cock over and her fingers working up my own ass, I turned my attention back to the sofa before me. Carl, who was above Diego, was deep thrusting into Diego's face, slapping his heavy balls against Diego's nose with every thrust. Carl could be a forceful bitch at times with little regard for his partner's comfort and I worried that Diego wasn't enjoying himself. As I watched, Diego gagged and his cheeks bellowed out. When Carl began to growl deeply from his chest, while still sucking Diego's cock deep into his own throat, I knew Diego was getting a fresh load of heavy cream, fed straight down his throat. He gagged again and semen began to bubble from between his tightly wrapped lips and the shaft wedged between them. His eyes watered as he fought to swallow the hot seed, but he worked his way through the agony. After all, Diego was a professional cock-sucker and glory-hole regular, so his throat was well-versed in taking cum-firing cocks.

Suddenly, Eve's fingers pressed hard against my prostate and I felt my boiling semen begin to race up my shaft. She was trembling as well, enjoying an orgasm brought on by the dick still churning up her guts, and as she peaked, she was wanting me to feed her. I accommodated her.

"Ooohh, fuck, yeah!" I groaned as my cum erupted into her warm, wet mouth. I pulsed once, twice, three times as she raked my prostate, milking my nuts from within. Greedily, she swallowed my offering easily, sucking hard and deep, until my second load of the day was drained and consumed.

As I shivered through my post-peak pleasures, Eve continued to work my ass over with her fingers while slurping my dick. Only when I was completely flaccid did I feel the cool air engulf my cock as she lifted up. I lifted her cum-smeared lips to my own and gave her a deep, tongue-filled kiss. As out lips were locked, she moaned deep and I recognized that she was climaxing on the dick up her own ass. I looked over to see Andrew with a look of agony on his face as he emptied his balls up her ass, while simultaneously taking a load up his own from Edward. 

Not to be outdone, Herman began to huff as his cock began spewing into Bridget's greedy cunt. I saw that Barry had a hand up between Herman's thighs and imagined that he had stuffed a finger or two up that thick black ass, and given the back and forth action of his arm, he was working Herman over well. 

Around me bodies began to untangle as move into seats to recover. Carl and Diego returned to sitting side-by-side on the sofa. Edward and his wife settled into the loveseat in a couple's embrace. Andrew walked past on shaky legs, headed for the bathroom, most likely to drain his rectum of the pint or so of semen pumped up there. I struggled to my feet and walked over to the dining room table to retrieve a bottle of water.

"Anyone need anything?" I asked the group after gulping down half a bottle, rinsing the remaining cum flavors out of my mouth and down to my stomach. I could feel some still cooling on my face and in my beard, where it would remain a while longer. Sometime I loved having spent semen painting my face. Kind of an emblem of accomplishment.

I handed out bottles of water to those who wanted one and then moved to settle in the sofa beside Diego. Hip-to-hip-to-hip, Carl, Diego, and I enjoyed the show that our host and the married couple were putting on for us. Herman now had his legs hooked over Barry's shoulders, who was now obviously eating out his ass. Bridget remained fixed on Herman's cock, which remained hard and upright. Milky white cum dribbled down his shaft as she slowly worked herself up and down his mighty length. Her asshole was on full display and I knew that I for one wouldn't mind stuffing my tongue or dick up that well-worked hole. Despite her having taken each and every dick in the room up her ass at one time or another, I couldn't remember ever seeing her husband enjoy that pleasure. At least he hadn't at our host's home. Maybe at their own home things were closer to normal between them, but when Bridget joined Barry for our group mixed-sex parties on the first Friday of the month, they never seemed to do anything other than her ordering him around, cleaning her out with his tongue after one or more of us had fucked her, or Barry's being forced to spend the evening sitting in the corner, watching but not playing. Sometimes, I even felt sad for the dear fellow.

This evening was beginning to wind down, much as these Friday night mix-sex parties did. Normally, once all of the men in attendance had fired off for the last time, they would begin to slip out, one by one. Our host, who lived in the house of course, never called an end to the festivities. He was an insatiable old horn-dog, much like myself. Instead, once it was obvious that the fun was at an end, he would make his usual invitations for any who wanted to, to spend the night. Herman lived on the third floor of the old house in a suite of rooms he shared with his long-time lover, Gary. Like Frank, Gary was away that weekend on business, so we all missed out on the 10" solid inches of man-pipe he brought to the party. 

The second floor of the house had three bedrooms, two of which were reserved for one-on-one or small group fun. When a new member was first "initiated", he would be taken to one of these rooms to be explained the rules away from the leers of those of us ready to pounce on the "fresh meat". Usually, our new member would be treated to a one-on-one then, either as a bottom or a top, to get that first climax out of the way and relax them. Once in a while, they might freak out after and pull on their clothes while making a bee-line for the front door. But not often.
