 We had finally finished helping my friend Dave move into his new condo. Most of his friends had already left and it was just the three of us. I was standing with Susan kissing her goodbye. She needed to get her brother's pickup back to him before it got too late. It was just beginning to get dark and she had to drive across town. As she climbed into the truck, she waved and reminded me to call her tomorrow. I gave her a big thumbs up as she drove off smiling. As I re-entered Dave's condo, he was picking up the pizza boxes and throwing the empty beer bottles away. I started hooking up his TV and getting all the equipment put in the right places. Fortunately most of his furniture was small and not too difficult to put back together. He believed in living fairly simply, something I wish I could do...

It was now about 9:00 and we had been at work for three hours. Sitting on the couch rather tired, I grabbed my water bottle and chugged down what remained. Flipping through the remote, Dave said,

"Well, Mark, the cable won't be hooked up until Monday wanna watch a movie?"

"Sure...what have you got"?

"I think that box has some movies," He said pointing to the box beside me.

Reaching in, I pulled out several of his gay porn movies. Exaggeratedly I rolled my eyes, as he self-consciously laughed. 

It really wasn't a big deal to me that he was gay. We met in college and it was over 2 years before he even told me. As we hung out, I got more and more comfortable with the idea of men being together until it almost seemed natural. I was never interested in being with a man and neither he nor his friends ever came on to me. Sometimes a couple of them would playfully flirt, but it meant even less than when I do it with Susan's friends.

We were finally able to relax and neither of us felt like going through any other boxes. I tossed one to him and said, "Put it in if you want, I don't care."

I had never seen a gay porn before, but I figured it would be something to do, and besides, its not like it would excite me or anything. During the sex scenes I could just look at a magazine or something. 

In the meantime, Dave grabbed the tape and looked at it. Looking up he said, "Hey, this is a good one, it has a plot and everything."

"That's wonderful." I said. 

The plot, what there was of one, involved some guy looking for his cat. Each door had a rather muscular man, who would invite him in, and then they would end up in bed, on the floor and in a hot tub. The first couple of scenes, I pretty much avoided, but the last one in the hot tub, I found kind of interesting. I must admit both men in the scene were quite attractive and I couldn't help get a bit aroused.

The movie ended. I looked at Dave and saw that he was looking at me, with an odd look in his eye.

"What?" I asked

"So, what'd ya' think?"

"It had certain flaws, the acting was sub-par and the dialog was atrocious."

"No, really." He insisted. 

"I don't know, it was interesting, I guess."

Looking at him, I suddenly saw him in a different light. He was quite attractive with his dark hair and his muscular physique. He's 6'2 inches with a very commanding presence. I am slightly shorter at 6 even. I have always been thin, but lately have been trying to build more muscle mass, to limited success. 

Unfortunately, my hair is already thinning at the tender age of 32, while his is not even gray for an old man at 33. We have seen each other naked at the gym, but I never really paid much attention. While lengthwise we were probably in the average range, his did have more girth. Since he was physically bigger than I am that only seemed natural.

We both worked out weekly, but I have never had much luck building up much past where I was. I felt myself getting hard, so I tried to angle myself so Dave wouldn't see. Unfortunately, it didn't work. He got up, walked over to me, and sat down. Aware of how close he was I squirmed a bit and looked back to the blank TV screen. 

"Want to watch another video?" He asked as his hand lightly landed on my leg. "What are you doing?" I asked, my voice cracking. I'd never really thought of him like that, or any man for that matter. My heart was beating very fast. I was getting a little scared. 

Leaning into me Dave kissed me, softly at first. I couldn't resist and when I didn't, he kissed me harder. I don't know how long we kissed, but I pushed him away, breathless. 

"Stop, we can't," I stammered. Though my brain was saying "no", my body was shouting, "YES!" 

"I can't do this to Susan, I...I." Dave didn't let me finish. Instead, he kissed me again. I know it was wrong; I'm in love and probably going to marry Susan. Unfortunately we were so busy moving, and doing other things we hadn't made love for a couple of weeks, and now I realized that I needed release, bad. I knew it was wrong, but when Dave began massaging my cock through my pants, I didn't stop him. I didn't want to stop him. The way he was touching me and kissing me made me want him badly. In fact, I helped him by unbuckling my belt and shedding my pants and underwear, freeing my rock hard penis. 

After he removed my shirt, then undressed himself, he stood up, took my hand and led me into the bedroom, where the mattress had been placed on the floor. Looking around the room, he walked towards one of the smaller boxes, opened it up and pulled out a small jar of something and set it by the mattress. Confused, I looked at Dave as he turned around and kissed me again, passionately, as I reached around to massage his perfectly round ass. He then dropped to his knees on the mattress and hungrily put my cock into his mouth. It only took a few licks of the head for me to shoot the biggest most intense orgasm of my life. Susan had never been able to get me off that quickly or powerfully. Collapsing onto the mattress, he got on top of me and kissed me some more. The taste of my cum in his mouth almost made me rock hard again. Turning him over, it was my turn to make him feel good. His cock was nice and big. I only had it in my hands for a couple seconds before I stuffed it in my mouth. Though I had never really thought about sucking off a man, it seemed like the most natural thing in the world right now. I sucked and licked the length of his shaft, massaged his balls and tried to do everything I like having done to me. It must have worked because he began moaning loudly. As his climax began building Dave pushed my head off of him, to my big disappointment. 

He then positioned me onto my hands and knees and quickly got behind me. Rubbing his drenched cock on my asshole, I was anticipating and fearing what was going to happen next. Noticing him reaching for whatever he had put by the mattress I looked around and saw it was a jar of Vaseline. I had never had anything in my ass bigger than a thermometer from when I was a child. Susan once asked me if I would be interested in being fingered, but I told her in no uncertain terms that I was not. Now I was going to be penetrated by something much larger. As he scooped out a large gob of the gel, he smeared it all over his cock, and then rubbed some on by ass. Instead of being scared, I was even more turned on. I started gently rocking my backside wanting him to hurry up. He then grabbed my hip with one hand and positioned his well-lubed dick at the entry point. Slowly pushing into me, I felt it slide further and further. He was going interminably slowly, though fortunately it was much less painful than I had expected and went in with much ease. As he picked up speed he pushed further into me, further than I thought possible. My girlfriend was good at pleasuring me, but she was no match for my friend. He was making me crazy! 

Pumping faster and harder, the pain began to subside. Letting out a long, loud moan, he cried out then emptied himself into me. Thrusting into me a few more times until his orgasm subsided we both collapsed onto the mattress. Out of breath we stayed like that for a while. 

Rolling off of me, I then turned to face him. "Jesus, Dave that was fucking incredible." He just looked at me, and then looked at my softening penis. Reaching over and grabbing it he said, "nope, not finished with you yet." Getting me hard again, he then proceeded to look around the room. Finding the lube again, he grabbed it, got a handful then began stroking my cock getting it hard and slippery. He then got up and straddled me as I helped guide myself into him. Slamming myself into him as he bounced on top of me, I felt my orgasm begin to well up. I again came inside of him while I rammed myself into him furiously. He collapsed on top of me and we just stayed there holding each other, kissing occasionally. 

Lying in bed caressing each other, we eventually drifted off to sleep. Waking up to the clacking of metal pots in the kitchen, I looked around the room for some clothes, then remembering they were still in the living room. Finding a box with some leftover pizza, I sat down and began eating. Dave, noticing me walked into the living room came over wordlessly, grabbed a slice and sat down next to me. Not knowing what to do, I sat there eating. 

"So, How'ya feeling?"

"Tired and sore" I cracked. "And you."

"Great! If I had known how good it would be, I would've done you ages ago."

Putting my pizza down took a deep breath and looked him in the eye. For a brief second, he flashed a nervous look, waiting for me to speak.

After a long pause I finally said, "well...looks like we have a lot of catching up to do."

He let out a large chuckle as I leaned towards him and began kissing him passionately.