 Well here I am again. It always seems to end up this way. I'm at my best friend Jamie's house in his shower, on my knees, with his thick uncut cock hanging in front of my watering mouth. How did I get here? We're both happily married to beautiful women, each of us with a kid. Yet every few weeks, I'm back in his shower. We've been doing this off and on for the last 15 years, since high school. That's a story for another day though, I shouldn't get too off track. The reason I've decided to tell you about today's session is because I discovered a new side of myself today. My narcissistic side.

Jamie's cock is at full mast, standing a proud 7.5 inches long and it must be the same around the base. The tip of his red head is poking out of his foreskin, begging for my tongue to taste its precum. I know Jamie needs a release today, he hasn't had much from the wife lately, and his balls are hanging heavy and full. I like it when it's been a while for him, the bigger the load the better my reward. I grab his dick with my hand and give his head a wet kiss. I work my way down his hot shaft to those glorious balls, taking each one into my warm mouth and rolling them around with my tongue. This is when he shows me his little surprise, as he slides the shower curtain open enough to reveal a strategically placed mirror that I happen to be perfectly reflected in. I don't know how I missed it on my way into the shower, but there it is. For the first time in my life, I see myself kneeling before a cock. And I LOVE IT.

I get to work on his beautiful dick, watching myself the entire time. I curl my tongue around his head and start by softly milking the tip with my lips. Gradually I work it further into my mouth, amazed at how his cock fills my cheeks and stretches my lips. As he moans his approval, I raise the show up a notch and bury his manhood deep into my hungry throat -- I've always worked very hard at the art of deep throat, and I'm quite proud of what I can accomplish. Watching my throat expand in the mirror makes me hornier than I've ever been, I've watched plenty of porn but this is by far the hottest thing I've ever seen. He slaps my face with his heavy dick a few times and laughs when I smile up at him. I fuck him with my mouth for a few more minutes, allowing him to thrust until his balls slap my chin, and then he interrupts me..."My turn," he says.

Grudgingly, I let his dick fall from my mouth and I stand up to let him have his fun. Jamie is a different cock sucker than me, I'm the eager deep throater begging for a hot load while he enjoys taking his time and pleasuring all parts of my dick, unconcerned with the end result. He goes to work on my slightly longer but thinner pole, which sports a mushroom head that would make a porn star blush. As he isn't concerned with watching himself in the mirror, I tilt it so that I can see a different angle. I can't believe how huge my dick looks inside his mouth, and I settle in to enjoy the show. He strokes himself while he blows me, which I watch with lust as he works it toward orgasm. I know the drill...he sucks my dick for a long while, and when he stands up he's ready for his release.

Finally, the moment arrives. He gets to his feet and I drop to my knees, going straight for his luscious balls. I suck them hard now while he jerks his cock right above my face, groaning with anticipation. I've just managed to get both of his balls in my mouth when he pulls back and takes aim. I've been waiting weeks for this moment, and now I get to watch it! The first white rope lands on my forehead, the second on my cheek. I bury his spasming dick in my mouth for the rest of his load, swallowing greedily as his balls empty inside me. When he says he's all done, I run my finger from below his sack to the top of his dick, making sure I've gotten the last drop. With his softening cock still in my mouth, I turn my gaze back to the mirror and reach down for my own hard-on. I quickly bring myself to an explosive orgasm, never allowing his member to leave its warm wet home.

As I wash up, I think the same thought as always.... How did I get here? The only thing I know for certain is that I will be back here again soon, and I hope that mirror will be here too.