 *Author's Note: Any and all persons engaging in any sexual activity are at least eighteen years of age.

Disclaimers: This story has been edited by me, using Microsoft spell-check. You have been forewarned.

*****

Danny O'Neil strolled the halls of Connelly Community College, leisurely making his way to his World History 201 class. It was May, the sun outside was blistering the Oakleaf, Texas college campus. Inside, the air conditioning was blasting cold air, bringing out goosebumps.

"Damn, it sure is nice," he couldn't help but smile.

It was nice, not having to stress over maintaining a 3.0 GPA to continue receiving his Hardship Scholarship. It was nice, not having to work the grueling early morning shift at the Sonic Drive-Thru restaurant. It was nice to not have to pinch pennies. It was nice not having to worry about where he would sleep when the dormitories closed down for semester breaks.

Final exams were next week; Danny had been maintaining a GPA of 3.89 and planned to continue to do so. But it still was quite nice, not having to stress and worry and sweat and panic.

He entered his class and looked around. Even as he leisurely strolled, he still managed to be ten minutes early. He almost slapped his forehead. Normally, he'd have been scrambling because he'd just be getting off his morning shift, still wearing his uniform.

The class did fill up quickly. Just as Professor Darwin was about to stride into the classroom 'Hitler' Eischenbach scurried into the room. Danny didn't know what the young man's name was; everyone called him Hitler.

He motioned to the young man, indicating the vacant desk next to his. The young man pushed his unfashionable glasses up his nose, smiled and flopped down into the desk.

Professor Darwin droned on and on in his nasally whine. Finally, the class was over.

"Hey, I'm Danny," Danny said, holding out his hand.

"Huh? Oh, I'm Daniel," the young man said and took Danny's offered hand.

"Daniel? Not Danny?" Danny smiled.

"No, and not Hitler, either," Daniel smiled.

"Yeah, why they call you that?" Danny asked as they ambled out of the classroom.

"Oh, some assholes found out I'm fascinated by World War Two," Daniel grimaced. "See, my great great grandparents were murdered in Auschwitz; they managed to smuggle my great grandfather out of there so I try to find out all I can about it."

Makes sense," Danny shrugged. "Well, got to run to my Calculus class."

He pushed his shoulder length blond hair back out of his eyes and did actually run to his next class. Daniel pushed his glasses up his nose then walked toward the library.

The next few times they ran into each other, Danny and Daniel chatted. They went to the cafeteria and ate lunch. Danny looked at Daniel's ham and Swiss sandwich, then at Daniel.

"Yeah, I eat ham," Daniel smiled. "Only thing Jewish about me is my name and my cock."

"Dude, huh?" Danny laughed. "Don't need know that."

Daniel did disclose that he was worried about the end of the semester. His hometown was Paulton, Louisiana, and barely had enough money for the bus ticket home.

"Almost nineteen hours, nothing to eat but bus station food, if I can afford it," Daniel said. "Then what? My mom doesn't have the money send me back. I'm here on a Hardship."

"Dude! I was too!" Danny said.

"Was? Win the lottery?" Daniel asked.

"Kind of," Danny shrugged. "Grandfather died."

"Dude, sorry," Daniel gasped.

"Shit, don't be," Danny shrugged. "Last time I saw him I was like two or three, you know?"

Daniel Arthur Franks had been brought up in an overly religious home. His father believed in the adage 'spare the rod, spoil the child' and beat Daniel black and blue for even the mildest of infractions. In 1971, Daniel enlisted and was shipped off to Vietnam.

Upon his return, after two tours of duty, he was a hardened man, with a thousand yard stare.

Arthur made a move to strike Daniel for a smart mouth comment he'd made at the dinner table. The only thing that saved Arthur's life was Betty, Daniel's mother grabbed the heavy saucepan from the stove and brought it down on Daniel's head.

"You're not welcome in my house no more, boy," Arthur grunted through his wired jaws.

"Uh huh, big man, took a woman save your sorry ass," Daniel sneered. "Next time I see you, you might not be so lucky."

The next time Daniel saw his father was at his father's funeral. Daniel had married, had fathered one daughter by the time of his father's death, but neither Arthur nor Betty had ever met Daniel's wife or daughter.

Betty was quick to follow her husband. Daniel brought his wife and two daughters to that funeral. Then he moved his wife and two daughters into 2122 Browner Street in Oakleaf, Texas. It was the home he'd grown up in, the home he'd suffered years of physical and mental abuse in.

And he continued the cycle. His wife and his three daughters learned to keep their mouths shut, learned to keep quiet, learned to have supper on the table the moment Daniel came home, learned to have their rooms clean, their clothes clean.

Millicent, the oldest daughter complained to her mother about her father's inappropriate, unwanted touches. Gwen slapped her daughter across the face for telling such a blatant lie. Millicent quietly went into the back yard and hung herself from the oak tree Daniel had climbed as a child.

Jennifer did not tell her mother about the unwanted touches. She stole some money from her mother's purse and her father's wallet, walked to the Greyhound bus station and was never seen again.

Betty, named after Daniel's mother, met and married Gary O'Neil. Daniel made no secret about the fact that he did not like Gary, thought Gary was not good enough for his baby, the apple of his eye.

A few months after their marriage, a few weeks after telling Gwen and Daniel that Betty was expecting their first child, Gary was struck by a hit and run driver. He died of his injuries a few days later. The hit and run driver was never identified.

Betty did notice her father's satisfied little smirk as they lay her husband to rest next to Gary's grandparents. Thankfully, Gary had a life insurance policy and it paid double. Betty was very careful with the forty thousand dollars and told her father, even though she was now a widow, she would not be returning to live under his roof.

In an effort to curry favor with Daniel, though, Betty did name the child Daniel Gary O'Neil.

Gwen died of a massive heart attack when Danny was two, and that was the last time he ever saw his grandfather. At her mother's funeral, Daniel Franks grabbed Betty's breasts and told her it was time for her to come home and take her mother's place.

Danny was seventeen years old, working at Sonic, getting good grades in school when his mother was diagnosed with ovarian cancer. Thankfully, she went quickly. For the next four months, Daniel continued to go to high school, continued to work, and maintained the apartment he and his mother had shared. Upon acceptance to Connelly College, Daniel did let the landlord know he would not be renewing the lease.

A friend let him crash on his couch when the first semester ended. That friend had moved on by the time the second semester ended. Rose Martinez, his on again, off again girlfriend persuaded her parents to let Danny crash on their couch when the second semester ended. Danny found out, the Martinez family expected slave labor in exchange for the right to sleep on a cramped, foul smelling sofa. Mr. Martinez actually timed how long Danny took to shower and shut the water off after five minutes. And Mrs. Martinez had no culinary skills either.

Halfway through his third semester, Danny saw a letter from Tannenbaum & Associates Law Firm in his dormitory mail cubicle. It would seem that his grandfather, his namesake had passed away.

"How much?" Danny asked, mouth open, when Roger Tannenbaum revealed that Danny had inherited Daniel A. Franks' entire estate. 

The stock portfolio alone at the time of Daniel Franks' passing was worth an estimated three hundred and seventy eight thousand dollars. The house, all nine hundred and sixty square feet was also his.

"I mean, with the attached garage, it's probably more like eleven hundred square feet," Roger said. "But, beats the dorm rooms at Connelly, huh?"

"Depends," Danny had smiled. "How many guys I got to shower with at twenty one twenty two Browner?"

"As many or as few as you want," Roger had smirked.

Danny's first thought as he surveyed the house was to tear it down and rebuild everything. Arthur and Betty Franks had bought the newly constructed home in 1950, and had done very little to the house. Daniel Franks saw no need to change anything; change cost money. So the original fixtures were still in the home when Danny walked into the home.

A look into the first bedroom showed a small twin sized bed and a bunk bed. The closet even had some girls' dresses, some dolls and toys and a few school books.

The second bedroom had a closet full of men's' clothing. Danny had no idea how small his grandfather had been, but none of the clothing would fit his five foot nine inch frame.

On the top shelf of the bedroom closet, he found a box of VCR tapes.

'Teen Sluts' and 'Cock Sucking Teens' and 'Back Door Baby Dolls' were a few of the titles Danny read. He actually felt a little queasy. The bedside table held a few magazines, all with titles hinting at teens having sex with older men, or incest and again, Danny felt queasy.

Scandurro Construction sent out a representative. The man sneered at Danny, walked through, said he'd draw up an estimate and left. A week later, an estimate for tearing down the structure was submitted.

A second company sent out an extremely obese man that complained and grunted through the house. His estimate was basically the same; tear down the existing structure and begin again.

Priestly Brothers sent Michael Priestly out. He shook hands with Danny, walked through the house, looked at everything, even crawling up into the attic with a flashlight, then came back down again.

"Them fixtures? There's people going crazy for them on EBay," Michael said. "That's a claw foot tub in the hall bath and if my guess is right, it's the original. Needs to be resurfaced but that wouldn't really take much."

He recommended taking the pipes and hot water heater out of the ceiling. He pointed out that the attic was in sore need of insulation and they could also install air ducts before doing the insulation.

"You want to put in central air? Hall closet would hold the inside unit," Michael showed Danny what he meant.

"Do it," Danny said.

"Uh, let me get back to the office and work up the estimate, okay?" Michael said.

"Huh? Oh, oh yeah," Danny giggled.

The renovation took seven weeks. Annie Priestly, Michael's wife had helped Danny pick out a few pieces that went with the mid-century fixtures.

The only modern thing Danny installed into the home were two flat screen televisions and a microwave oven.

He gratefully moved out of the dormitory and into his new home. Somehow, Rose Martinez heard about Danny's new-found wealth and reminded Danny of how generous she and her family had been during his time of need.

"Uh huh, got change for a nickel?" Danny smirked at her. "I helped, as in I did all the fucking work while your dad sat on his fat ass and yelled digging them bushes up."

Now, sitting in the cafeteria, Danny invited Daniel to stay with him during the break. Free of charge.

Right after his final exam for the semester, Danny sought out Charlie Tubbs, one of the Connelly Cougars football players. The twenty one year old was only too happy to buy a few bottles of alcohol for Danny. Outside of the liquor store, Danny gave Charlie a hundred dollar bill and told him he wanted a half gallon of whiskey, a half-gallon of vodka, and a fifth of tequila. The bored looking clerk didn't even ask Charlie for his ID.

"And, here you go," Charlie said, trying to hand Danny the change.

"Dude, keep it," Danny said.

"Dude, you sure? Forty three bucks here," Charlie said.

"Yeah, dude," Danny said.

"Well then, my brother," Charlie smiled, pocketing the bills. "Drink up! Need me buy more? Know where find me, hear?"

Daniel was waiting for Danny, his two suitcases next to him when Danny pulled up in his grandfather's 1989 El Dorado. Danny helped Daniel carry the suitcases into the house.

"God, dude, place is awesome!" Daniel said as they put his suitcases into the second bedroom, the kids' room.

Danny had bought a few ounces of Bahama Black from Marco, Rose's older brother. So, after eating some of the chili Danny had made the night before, after fixing themselves a few drinks, Danny and Daniel sat on the large Queen Ann sofa and smoked a few joints. Danny found a documentary on WWII and they started watching the five hour long program.

It was dark outside. The only light was from the television and from the hall bathroom. Danny was laying on the couch in just his underwear, Rose pressed against him. He could feel her cute little Latin butt pressed against his raging hard on as he rubbed her flat chest, her flat belly.

She had a 'happy trail' of hair that extended up from her thatch of pussy hair that traversed up beyond her navel. Danny rubbed down, lightly stroking her thin line of pubic hair to the waistband of her panties. Her pubic hair had been trimmed and Danny was glad to feel this. He didn't mind a little hair, but Rose normally had a jungle of thick, coarse hair between her muscular thighs.

Danny combed his fingers through Rose's pussy hair then reached a finger to tickle her slit.

And came in contact with Daniel's hard cock.

And Daniel moaned when Danny came into contact with his hard cock.

Danny froze for a moment. He was drunk and stoned; the alcohol and weed still fogged his brain.

He remembered he and Daniel had drank three or four drinks apiece, smoked three potent joints while watching a fairly long, drawn out documentary about World War Two. At some point, they decided to get comfortable, both stripping down to just their briefs.

But when had they lay down? When had Daniel cuddled against him? When had they pulled a sofa throw over them?

Daniel's hand came to rest on Danny's hand, encouraging Danny to continue playing with him. Danny's brain was fogged enough; he did reach and cup Daniel's heavy balls. Then he traced his fingers up and down Daniel's thick cock. Other than the lack of a foreskin, Daniel's cock was nearly identical to his own. He was about seven inches long, and even their girths were similar, 

Daniel had a helmet shaped cock head, and his slit was oozing and leaking copiously as Danny stroked him.

Danny again started dry humping his underwear covered cock against Daniel's backside.

Daniel reached down and eased his briefs down his legs, exposing his slim buttocks. Danny eased the front of his underwear down and pushed his cock against Daniel's cute bottom. Daniel wiggled his bottom and Danny moaned.

Then Daniel grunted, signifying that he was close to a crisis.

"You about to come?" Danny asked.

"Uh huh," Daniel moaned.

"What you want me to do?" Danny asked.

"Suck it?" Daniel asked hopefully.

"I've, uh, I ain't never," Danny said.

"Well, me either," Daniel hissed forcefully.

He chuckled a little.

"But I uh, Kind of thought you had when you started playing with me," Daniel confessed.

"Dude, when did, when did I start playing with you?" Danny wondered.

Daniel didn't answer, just groaned again as Danny's hand still stroked his cock. Danny moved the afghan down, exposing Daniel's cock to the chilled air.

Then he did something he swore he would never ever do. He bent his head and took another man's cock into his mouth. The fluid leaking from Daniel's cock had a salty, bitter taste and an odd texture. Danny swallowed the bitter fluid as he pushed more of Daniel's cock into his mouth. Daniel shifted, wiggling around to lay on is back. The position made Danny's cock sucking easier, and he was able to get nearly half of Daniel's cock into his mouth. He continued to stroke Daniel's cock and flicked his tongue around Daniel's head and shaft.

"Oh shit, here, oh man, here it comes," Daniel groaned and hunched his hips.

Danny's mouth suddenly began to fill with a salty bitter fluid with a thick, strange texture. He swallowed and swallowed as Daniel pumped and pumped a stream of semen into Danny's mouth. When Daniel quit grunting and groaning, when his cock quit spitting, Danny gave one last lick and stroke, then let Daniel's cock slip out of his mouth. His own cock twitched, throbbed and jerked as he rolled away from Daniel.

"You do me now?" Danny begged hoarsely.

"Want, you want to, uh, you know, uh fuck me?" Daniel asked.

And that suggestion was all it took for Danny's cock to erupt into a geyser of semen. His semen blasted out of his cock, arced toward the ceiling, then splattered down onto Danny's chest and face. Danny grabbed his cock and stroked it as more semen jetted out. Then he licked his slimy hand clean. He scraped his own semen up and cleaned his hand with his tongue.

His own behavior stunned, shocked him. Danny was straight. He liked girls. He loved pussy. He loved fucking girls, loved getting his cock sucked, by girls.

Once, Tina had tried to kiss him after sucking his cock. Danny had gently pushed the blonde cheerleader away and made her rinse her mouth out with some warm beer before he would kiss her.

His own semen was slightly less salty, less bitter than Daniel's had been. He stroked his cock, trying to get some more semen out.

"Dude!" Danny finally wheezed.

Now, nude, the two nineteen year old men made themselves another drink apiece, sparked up another joint and silently watched as the documentary droned on.

'This Concludes Part One of...' flashed on the screen.

Danny turned the television off and they passed the joint back and forth. In between hits on the joint, they sipped their drinks.

"You uh, you want fuck me?" Daniel asked again.

"Yeah," Danny admitted, wondering just how stoned he was.

Danny went into the hall bathroom and found the jar of Vaseline petroleum jelly.

"Dude, you uh, you ever do this before?" Danny asked as he rejoined Daniel on the couch.

"No. I uh, I've never even had a girlfriend before," Daniel admitted.

They lay back down, Daniel's back to Danny. Impulsively, Danny kissed Danny's shoulder. Then he reached down and traveled his finger up and down Daniel's butt crack. A few times, he found Daniel's tightly crinkled anus. Then he jammed his finger into the jar of petroleum jelly.

"Ooh!" Daniel let out a whoosh of breath as Danny's finger pushed into him.

"That hurt?" Danny asked.

"No, no, it uh," Daniel grunted.

He reached his hand down and pulled his left buttock up. This maneuver gave Danny's finger easier access to Daniel's tight hole.

"Dude, it kind of feels good," Daniel admitted, embarrassed.

Danny finger fucked Daniel's ass for a few minutes, then pulled his finger out. He scooped up some more of the jelly and pushed two fingers into Daniel's tight back door.

"Ugh, damn!" Daniel let out another whoosh.

"Feel good?" Danny asked and again kissed Daniel's shoulder.

"Uh huh," Daniel nodded.

Danny scissored his fingers apart, widening the boy's slick hole. Then he applied some Vaseline to the head of his cock and brought it to Daniel's slimy anus.

The first few attempts to push into Daniel resulted in Danny's cock bouncing away. Daniel reached his right hand down between his legs, grabbed Danny's slimy cock and held it against his rapidly constricting anus.

"Ugh!" both Danny and Daniel grunted out when the head of Danny's cock gained entry into Daniel's tightly clenched anus.
