 Copyright 2011 by the author. 

*

It rained really hard the first day I was in Honolulu, but the second morning dawned bright and clear. Rain in Hawai'i isn't unusual in February, but these showers were really heavy, to the point where some smaller roads on the north shore of O'ahu were flooded. Not that it really mattered to me since I was in Waikiki, where I was spending a couple of free days after having finished my business in the city.

I know what you're going to say: what were you doing in Waikiki? Most people who know and love Hawai'i shudder in horror at the thought of spending any time there. The locals never go to Waikiki unless they have to. The high-rise hotels, the garish shops, the crowded narrow beach full of pasty white first-time tourists-all the guidebooks tell you this is nothing like the real Hawai'i, and they're right.

Just the same, I'll always love that tourist trap. It seems like it never changes, but that's an illusion. The bustling carnival atmosphere is always the same, but there are always more people to see, another combination of golden sun, green palms and blue water, another way to combine the sensations of warm sun and gentle breeze on your bare skin.

Let me be honest-another reason I hung out on Waikiki was to eye the horde of exposed male flesh on display. There were always hot boys in board shorts parading on the concrete sidewalk by the beach, surfboards underneath the arms, or lying on the hot sand with their girlfriends, or riding the waves.

Of course I was past being able to compete with those young hunks, or getting any of them without paying. No matter. I still did okay, keeping myself in shape with regular workouts and eating right. There's a gym right on Kalakaua, up on the second floor above the row of shops. It's small and cramped, but what the heck-you can watch the palms sway and sailboats drift by on the ocean as you run on the treadmill or sweat through your sets. 

You'd think the place would be overrun with surfer dudes and attitude, but the first time I'd worked out there while on a business trip, I'd been pleasantly surprised to see quite a few men my age as well. I'd gone back, and now went regularly any time I was in town.

That particular Tuesday I got there, I think, around two o'clock. The weekend tourists had left and it wasn't too crowded. There was nobody in the men's locker room as I stripped off my street clothes and changed into my usual workout attire of shorts, t-shirt and jock.

It had been a while since I'd done a full strength workout and it felt good to test myself against the weights and machines. Soon I was breathing hard and starting to break a sweat. At some point I noticed another guy who was doing the circuit as well. I hadn't seen him here before. He was about my age or maybe a little older, balding, tall and slender, with chiseled features and prominent chin somewhat softened by a gray goatee. At one point he looked up and I noticed his eyes, which were a striking clear blue. He'd been at this a while--his shoulders filled out his T-shirt and his biceps bulged impressively.

I reminded myself what I was here for and turned my attention back to my workout. After the weights I hit the Stairmaster, long and hard enough to work up a soaking sweat. Panting, I walked back to the locker room, quickly stripped my workout clothes off and jumped into one of the three shower stalls, hanging my towel outside. I closed my eyes and let the spray wash over my head, grateful for the cool.

I had begun to shampoo my hair when someone entered the stall next to me. The shower area, like the rest of the locker room, was tiny, and the two regular stalls were downright cramped. They were screened with curtains in front but the partition between them was frosted glass. The view into the next stall was blurry but I could see enough to tell it was the man I'd noticed before. I was careful not to stare, but glanced over just often enough to decide I liked what I saw. His pecs were hairy and defined, his butt tight. He started to soap his crotch and I hastily looked away to avoid getting a hard-on-I wished I had a clearer view as his equipment looked pretty impressive. All the while I kept up my own routine so as not to be too obvious, and made sure I finished my shower and got out before him.

He came back to the locker area, his towel around his waist, as I was partway through getting dressed. I looked up and our eyes met-again I noticed how blue they were. I nodded and ducked my head, concentrating on finishing up, but out of the corner of my eye I saw him unfasten his towel and wipe himself down with it, muscles rippling in his back and shoulders, his butt cheek dimpling as he lifted his leg. To my disappointment he didn't turn around, but reached into his locker and pulled out his underwear. I watched as he put on a pair of gray bikinis that barely reached his hipbone and left part of each cheek bare. Fuck, that was hot. He turned and the swelling mound in the front was just what I imagined it would be. By now I was hard inside my own briefs. Fortunately I had my jeans on already.

"Good workout?"

"Huh?" I said, stupidly, my face flaming. "Oh-yeah. Yourself?"

He nodded, smiling. "Pretty good. My name's David, by the way."

He was offering his hand. I shook it. At least he didn't seem to mind my checking him out.

"Gordon. My friends call me Gordie."

He chuckled. "I guess I'd better stick to Gordon for a while, since we just met." I took the opening.

"I don't think you'll have much trouble getting to Gordie." Did I really say that?

He raised his eyebrows, his blue eyes twinkling. "Oh-what did you have in mind?"

I smiled back. "Well, for starters, how about coffee at the Starbucks down the street?"

"That would be nice."

"Put your pants on first, though," I said, pointing to his bare legs. "Nice tan, by the way."

"Yours too." My head snapped up in surprise. His smile told me he knew I knew--he'd been checking me out too. "Just give a minute. Meet you outside?"

His pants turned out to be khaki shorts. We walked down the crowded sunny street to the Starbucks on the corner, crowded as usual. We perched on the low stone wall outside in a shady spot, drank our iced teas and chatted. He was on vacation, by himself-he'd been coming to Hawai'i for many years. He asked about my business, I told him a little bit. We really weren't listening very hard to each other though-we were looking at each other's faces, expressions, and bodies, seeing if the chemistry would dissipate.

It didn't. I drained my already empty plastic cup, letting the ice fall against my teeth.

"I'm staying at the Queen Kapiolani, right behind us," David said. His gaze was clear and direct. "You want to come up for a while?"

My mouth felt dry even though I'd just drunk my tea. I nodded.

"Shall we?"

His room was on the sixteenth floor. The double bed took up most of the space, leaving barely enough room for both of us to stand. He had left the door to the lanai open and a warm breeze was blowing.

David said, "Would you like something to drink? This place doesn't have much, but it does have a refrigerator."

I shook my head, smiling. He made the first move, his hand reaching out and stroking my cheek. The sweetness of his gesture touched me and I turned my head, kissing his palm. His hand grabbed the back of my head and drew me to him. Our lips and tongues mingled in a long, languid kiss that grew passionate. Our arms encircled each other. I pressed my fingers into the hard muscles of his back and shoulders, massaging him. We finally broke apart and he rested his head on my shoulder with a sigh.

"Nice."

I pushed him gently away and began to unbutton his shirt. "You're telling me."

He unbuckled his belt and let his shorts fall to the floor. The pouch of his briefs bulged outward. "Let me," I said, hooking my fingers under his waistband and drawing them down slowly until his dick popped out, half hard, the smooth pink head already moist with pre-cum.

"Lovely," I said. We began to kiss again. David unbuckled my belt and pushed my jeans downward. He grasped my cock and jacked it to full erection. I took hold of his nipples and was rewarded with a muffled moan of pleasure.

I knelt, pushed his underwear to the floor and took his cock into my mouth, grabbing his butt to steady myself. David's hands gripped the sides of my head as I worked on him, sliding back and forth on his steely shaft, taking him down to his pubes until I choked. I drew back and gasped a lungful of air before plunging in again, flicking my tongue around the crown of his organ, lapping up his salty precum.

David's hands pulled me upward. I found myself looking into his smiling face.

"Very nice. My turn."

In a moment I was looking down at him as he sucked me, enjoying the sight of his back muscles tapering down to his white, smooth butt. I bent and cupped his cheeks, letting my fingers snake into his crack. This got another muffled noise of approval from my partner. He let me go with a smack of his lips.

"Want to put something else up there?"

My cock jumped at the thought. "Stand up and turn around." David knew what I wanted. In a flash his back was to me and his hands were pulling his cheeks apart. His hole was small and pink. I flicked my tongue down his butt, wetting down the fine hairs surrounding the opening. When I made contact for the first time David moaned softly. Encouraged, I snaked my tongue in until I could taste the smooth flesh of his insides, working my jaw up and down, my nose completely buried in his crack. By now he was whimpering with delight, his thighs trembling. My own cock jutted straight up between my splayed-out legs.

"Fuck me now, Gordie. Please."

I pulled back, my face wet with spit. "You got it, baby."

"Look in my bag in the bathroom."

It only took a second to find the condoms and lube he had stashed in his toilet kit. I smiled to myself-he was prepared. I quickly hooded and greased myself, took the lube and went back out. David was on his back on the bed. When he saw me he smiled, raising his legs in invitation, his cock in his hand. I stood by the bed, locking eyes with him as I squeezed more lube into my hand and applied it to his hole.

"Ready?" He nodded. I thought he looked a bit nervous despite his lust and reassured him, "Don't worry, I'm not that big."

"You sure look big to me."

"Haha. Good answer," I said as I took hold of my cock and found the dimple of his asshole with the head. I pushed, slowly, and felt his ring start to give. The room was silent except for David's breathing, then his sudden gasp as I broke through and entered him. My head snapped back as I felt the squeezing warmth of his asshole. "Ah, nice," I whispered, looking back down into his liquid eyes. "You okay?"

He nodded. Encouraged, I pushed forward slowly until I felt my balls press against the warm flesh of his butt cheeks. "You got it all, buddy. How's it feel?"

In response David gave my shaft a squeeze with his ass muscles. "Fantastic. Fuck me, Gordie. Fuck the shit out of me."

I chuckled. "You got it." I took hold of his calves and began to thrust into him, watching my hooded shaft slide in and out of his stretched hole, his balls shaking every time I hit bottom. His hole was tight and velvety smooth and perfect. Soon I was fucking him at a brutal pace, my pelvis audibly slamming against his butt on every down stroke, David grunting with delight as I drove my dick into him.

"Fuck yeah," he whispered, stroking himself, that by now familiar twinkle in his eye. I bent down toward him. "You are hot," I whispered, just before I put my mouth to his. His arms encircled me as we kissed. I felt myself go over the edge.

"Fuck I'm cumming," I groaned, breaking away from his mouth and rearing up as the floodgates opened. Hoarse grunts came from between my clenched teeth as I tried to keep my voice down, thrusting over and over into him as I filled the latex tube that separated us with my seed.

Finally the storm passed. I hung my head over him, drawing air in great gasps. David chuckled in satisfaction. "Very nice," he said. I opened my eyes. His stomach was smooth and clean.

"You haven't cum," I said.

"Don't worry, I will."

"You want me to suck you off?"

He shook his head, and patted the bed beside him. "Take a break. Relax."

I flopped onto the bed beside him. David looked at the rubber that still covered my dick, the tip ballooning with white liquid.

"You came a lot."

"Always," I said. "You?"

"Not as much as that. Always got the job done, though." 

"Meaning what, you got kids?"

He laughed, but looked a bit uncomfortable. "As a matter of fact, I do-two grown. Does that bother you?"

I shrugged. "No. Been with married guys in my time. Does she know?"

His smiled disappeared. "No." A pause. "She passed away last year."

"Oh-oh, geez, I'm sorry. Shit." My face was flaming. "Guess I put my foot in it, didn't I?"

David shook his head. "Don't worry about it." He took my hand. "It wasn't much good-the marriage, I mean. Probably because of me."

He looked up at the shabby ceiling of the hotel room. "I'd fooled around with guys before I got married, but thought I'd cured myself of that. Of course I hadn't. When Ellen-my wife--suddenly had a heart attack, I cried. But it was more for our kids, not for me."

He turned back to me. "This trip was supposed to be for the two of us-our silver anniversary. My kids didn't want me to cancel it-thought it would do me good to get away. And it has," he said, his smile breaking through again, "Though maybe not in the way they had in mind."

"Wow. So you never did it with men the whole time you were married?"

David shook his head. "No. You're the first in twenty-five years."

I whistled. "Glad you didn't tell me that before. Don't know if I could have handled the pressure."

He laughed. "You were just fine. More than fine, in fact." He ran his fingers down my chest and stomach, making me shiver. My cock stirred.

"So," I said. "You still haven't cum."

"No. Got any ideas?"

"Yep." I got up and went into the bathroom. After pulling off my full rubber and throwing it in the trash, I got a new one and went back in. David was up on his elbows, legs off the bed, looking at me expectantly. I held out the rubber and the lube, which I'd also picked up.

"I have this fantasy of getting fucked by a married man I cruised at the gym."

He laughed.

"I can help you with that. On one condition."

"What?"

He blushed a little, then set his chin. "I...I'd like to do it standing up. Take you from behind."

"Absolutely." I knelt between his legs, took hold of his dick and slipped it into my mouth. It took just a few seconds for it to harden into full erection. I let it go with a smack of my lips. "Hurry. You get me so fucking hot."

David quickly tore the condom wrapper open while I squeezed lube into my hand and applied it between my cheeks. My own cock was hard, surprisingly soon. A crazy idea came into my head. I stood and took David's hand, pulling him off the bed and toward the window. As we went by the bathroom I snapped off the light, leaving us in darkness except for the evening light filtering in from outside.

"What are you doing?"

I stepped out onto the lanai, tugging at my suddenly reluctant partner. "Ever do it outside? Now's your chance."

"Gordie, are you crazy? We'll get arrested for sure."

"Who's going to see us?" The rooms adjoining us were dark and silent, and no one was out on the balconies of the high-rise hotel directly across. No one would notice a couple of naked men out on their private lanai unless they looked directly at our room-even then the darkness would protect us.

David's eyes were wide. There was a long moment of silent suspense. Then he stepped out onto the narrow lanai. I grinned and nodded at him, my heart beating faster, my cock like a steel rod. I noticed his was jutting upward too.

"Good man," I whispered, though no one could hear us. I turned, bent over and grabbed the iron railing. "I'm all yours."

The roar of nighttime Waikiki wafted up at us-the noise of rushing traffic, occasional honking horns, the shouts and laughter of already drunken tourists. Above it all I heard David's loud breathing behind me, then felt the nudging pressure of his organ trying to find its target. I grabbed it and guided it to my hole. Almost before it got there David gave a quick thrust and suddenly I was filled with hard cock.

"Jesus Christ!" I shouted before I could stop myself, but it was too late. Now that he had gotten himself into this David was a man possessed. He took my ass in hard, staccato thrusts, clawing at my shoulders as he slammed into me over and over. It was painful, scary and incredibly, unbelievably hot. I looked toward the ocean, at the palms silhouetted against the dying remnants of the Hawaiian sunset. The evening breeze tickled my face and body. "C'mon, fucker. Use me. Make me yours."

"Take it, Gordie," David muttered between clenched teeth. "Take my cock," he said and then there were no more words, only gasps and grunts filling my ear. The force of his thrusts shoved our full weight against the railing. For a second I had a vision of us plunging sixteen stories to the street, naked and joined for all the world to see.

Then David expelled all of the breath from his lungs in one last gasp and slumped against my back, his hot breath tickling my neck. I squeezed my ass muscles around his cock still buried in me, feeling faint pulsations as it emptied the last of its load into the rubber.

"You okay?" I asked.

A bubble of laughter rose from his body next to mine. "Oh sure. I just fucked a man outside on a hotel balcony right in the middle of a big city. Talk about coming out. If my kids could see me now."

A pause, then he said, "I'm going in." He pulled out of me as abruptly as he'd entered and disappeared inside. I followed more slowly, my back stiff from being hunched over the railing, my arms aching from resisting the pounding pressure of his body.

Inside the dark room I saw his shadowy form sprawled on the bed, unmoving.

"Seriously, you okay?"

He didn't respond for a moment, then turned toward me, extending his arms. A moment later we were entwined together on the bed. His hand turned my face toward his.

"That," David said, "Was the craziest thing I've ever done."

"So-are you sorry?"

Even in the dark I could see the thoughtful look on his face. "No. Unless the cops come knocking on the door," he said, his teeth flashing in a sudden grin.

I shook my head. "They won't." I winked at him. "As for crazy-you ain't seen nothing yet. Stick with me, kid, and get ready for adventure."

His smile disappeared. "Gordie," he said, and fell silent. Then, after a minute, "How? How can I do that?"

I patted his cheek. "I'm not asking you to marry me, guy. I'm talking about until we leave."

His voice was soft, almost inaudible. "And after that?"

I didn't want to go there right now. "We're on vacation in one of the most beautiful places on earth. Let's just enjoy it-live in the moment, you know?"

A long pause, then he nodded. "Fair enough." David's smile reappeared. "Hate to sound mundane, but all this exercise made me hungry. How about you?"

I nodded, relieved. "Let's stop by my room first so I can shower and change."

"You don't want to shower here with me?"

He was looking at me with wide-eyed innocence. I wagged a playful finger at him. "We might not get to dinner till really late."

"I can deal with it."

I laughed and took him in my arms. "Don't say I didn't warn you."

***

"I still wonder how I got up the nerve to do that."

David reaches from his deck chair and hooks his pinky to my outstretched hand. We're lying on chaises side by side, on the back deck of our house on the south shore of the Big Island, looking at the sun sinking into the ocean. We're both naked, our skin evenly bronzed by years of Hawai'ian sun.
