 Bill goes looking for escape and sexual relief. 

The sex is MM so I have elected to post it to the "Gay Male" category.

Thanks to LarryInSeattle for his assistance with editing. Any remaining mistakes are ones I snuck past him.

------------

The place is deserted. The building is new, rebuilt after the last major storm. Building on a sandbar in the Atlantic gives lie to the idea of permanence, at least as it pertains to the works of man. My cruising experience is limited. I was rarely on the Outer Banks without my family. Opportunities for alone time were rare. On occasion, unable to deal with my frustrations, I had been able to get away for an hour or so. On those occasion, this toilet was far enough from our rental house that there was little chance of inadvertently running into someone I knew. The few times I had been there I had left reasonably satisfied. I'm a little worried that with a new building there will be increased security.

There are faggots like me everywhere, if you know where to look. The faggots will still be around but if the cops were keeping an eye on the place they will have moved on to greener, and safer, pastures. That will piss me off, since this was the only cruising spot I know of in the area.

In isn't that cruising in the Outer Banks, OBX in bumper sticker parlance, is harder than anywhere else. In fact, the opportunities for a casual blow-job might even be higher here. In the South, even the "New" South, the closet remains deep and vast. There are plenty of us in it. Besides increased security, I'm worried that it's the wrong time of day. The blow-and-go lunch crowd will have come and gone. Pun intended. I wipe the toilet seat and sit down with my shorts around my ankles. 

Every sound, even my breathing, is amplified in the empty cinder block room. The sounds rattle and echo, looking for an exit. The new construction includes a stainless steel partition between the two toilet stalls. The convenience of a glory hole is no longer an option. The action, if I find any, will be down low, on the floor. Fine by me. It fits my mood. 

I stroke my cock enough to get it hard. My musk, bordering on simple stink, reaches my nose. I haven't showered in over a day. I look at my chest. My sweat has washed away most, but not all, of the dried jizz from this morning. 

I sit. I think. I remember. Occasionally, I stroke. I'm not trying to cum. 

A few dudes drop in. They piss and leave. I'm sitting in the far stall. They're in and out, clearly here for the primary purpose for which this place has been constructed. I don't bother to bend down to the level of my ankles to check them out. All I would be able to see would be ankles and lower legs anyway. 

There's no door. The entrance is a cinder block switchback affair. It would be easy to get caught. I imagine calling my parents. I'd make it as brutal as possible.

"Mom? Yeah, I'm fine. I got busted sucking off a stranger's cock down at the beach. I need bail."

I'm enjoying the mental image of the aftermath of that call when I heard footsteps approaching. Someone opens the other stall and enters. I listen to the sounds of the standard approach to a public toilet unfold. First, the clatter of the dropping seat, almost certainly brought down with a foot, the sound of toilet paper unrolling and being ripped away, silence as the seat is wiped and then the sudden roar of the flush. 

In the ensuing stillness, my companion sits. A pair of nondescript black basketball shorts hide his feet and the equally nondescript sandals. Only shorts, no underwear, cover the sandals. That's a good sign. The legs don't look too old, not trollishly old anyway. The hair is still dark and plentiful. 

I hear only silence. No straining. No whiz of piss on porcelain. No splash. No farts. Silence. 

I start stroking my cock again. 

Fingers rub along the bottom of the partition. Hmm, my companion is both bold and impatient. I bend and peek under the partition. He leans back. I can see that his cock is hard and that his hairy stomach is flat but that's it. He is leaning back too far on the toilet for me to see his face, not without actually sticking my head under the wall. Fine. Anonymity is why most dudes come here. What I can see of his body looks fine. His cock looks more than fine. I put my hand under the wall and beckon. Nothing. 

His fingers appear, hooked and gesturing, telling me, "No, you come to me." That's fine, also.

I slide off the toilet and kneel on the floor. I sit back on my heels and scoot forward so that my knees, thighs, and cock are under the partition. 

His mouth falls over my cock almost immediately. 

He deep-throats my cock, holds it in his mouth, and then slowly pulls back as his tongue wraps around my shaft. His hand joins his mouth. He holds my cock, slides my foreskin forward, pulling it over the tip of his tongue. He circles the crown, his tongue is trapped between the crown and my foreskin. 

He's bold, desperate, or both. He begins to suck and stroke my cock like a madman. That's also fine. I'm not here for bonding. I want to suck or be sucked, fuck or be fucked, or all of the above. 

He moves faster. I don't give him a warning. I fill his mouth with my cum. He takes it, sucking softly now and moving his hand slowly, milking my twitching cock. When I pull away, there isn't a drop of cum on the floor. I sit back on my heels, waiting. It's my turn.

Instead of sliding under the stall, the dude next door stands up, grabs his shorts, and pulls them up. I hear the door open. Fuck. I want to suck him off. I want to taste a man's hot cum on my tongue, let him cream on my face, let him fuck me. Goddamn it. I have needs, too. What the fuck?!

He doesn't leave. He stands in front of the post between the stall doors. His knuckles rap quietly on my door. My mood lightens. There's still hope. 

I stand up and, doing the old pants-around-the-ankles shuffle, open the door. 

Standing there, face impassive as stone, stands my father. 

--------

There has been plenty of incestuous overtones in the previous chapters. I couldn't put this in the "Incest" category without giving away the twist, such as it is, of the ending. The action is male-male, so I don't feel the "Gay Male" category is inappropriate. If anyone was shocked or offended by the incest and feels the story was categorized incorrectly, my apologies.

Turbidus