 My name is Lucas. I'm 18, almost 19 years old. And I'm running away from home.

I hadn't planned on coming out to my mom and step-dad. Unfortunately, Mom caught me going down on one of my buddies and freaked out. She told my step-dad and the two of them ganged up on me. But as Emmett sat back while my mom told me that I was disgusting and that I was going to hell, he had a look in his eye that repulsed me and sent shivers down my spine.

I found out later that the look meant that Emmett thought he could fuck me whenever he felt like it. He was always verbally abusive to me and I tried to not let it bother me, but I couldn't and wouldn't take physical abuse. After he forced me to have sex with him, I tried to tell my mom what Emmett had done to me, but she slapped me across the face and called me a "god damned liar." In a way, that was far worse than what my step-dad had done. She was supposed to love me and protect me, but she always took his side. Every time. It was the ultimate betrayal as far as I was concerned.

When he came for me the second time, I was ready. I pushed him off me and kneed him in the nuts as hard as I could. While he laid on the floor groaning with his pants around his ankles, I jumped out of bed. He grabbed my ankle, knocking me onto my knees. He leapt on top of me, trying to cover my mouth and pull my pants down. I kicked and screamed at him. I bit his hand and he shouted and let go. I then grabbed the glass and metal lamp off my nightstand and hit him as hard as I could over the head.

He slumped to the ground and blood poured out of his head. His eyes were wide open and he didn't appear to be moving. I kicked him with my foot. He didn't move or even make a sound.

I leaned down, hoping that it wasn't a trick. "Emmett?"

I shook his arm. He still didn't move. I didn't mean to kill him, but I was sure that no one would believe me. Especially Mom.

Tears silently streamed down my face as I realized what I had to do. I grabbed my large backpack and stuffed it full with as much of my clothes as I could fit. I grabbed the blue blanket that I've had since I was a baby and packed that as well. I couldn't sleep without it. I went into the bathroom and quickly gathered my toiletries, plus some travel samples we had under the sink.

I shut the door behind me and took one last look at the house I grew up in. I then turned forward and started to walk and never looked back.

When I saw the truck stop ahead, I realized how far I had walked. It was on the highway about ten miles from where I lived. I'm not sure how long I had been walking, since I left my watch at home, but it must have been at least four hours.

I walked into the truck stop restaurant and sat down at the counter. I ordered a grilled cheese sandwich with chips and a water. I was lost in my thoughts, wondering where I should go and what I was going to do when I got there, when a man sat down next to me and ordered a burger and fries.

He was a bit older than me, in his late thirties or early forties I'd guess. He was tall and lean. He was wearing a tan jacket over a flannel shirt, jeans and cowboy boots. He had a trucker cap on. He had a bushy brown moustache and a few days of beard growth. His brown eyes looked friendly and he smiled at me.

"Hey. I'm Chuck," he said as he held out his hand.

"Lucas," I replied as I shook his hand.

He looked me up and down and his eyes settled on the backpack at my feet. He looked back up at me and gave me a sympathetic smile, but didn't say anything.

My food came and I quietly ate. I saw him glancing at me out of the corner of his eye a couple of times. I wondered if he was checking me out. He seemed harmless though. I then wondered if he would give me a ride.

His food arrived shortly. He finished eating about the same time as I did.

"You eat fast," I commented.

He shrugged. "Yeah. A man's gotta eat fast so he can get to work."

"Oh."

"How old are you, kid?"

"I'm eighteen. Gonna be nineteen soon."

"Ah. So where ya headed?"

"Anywhere but here."

When the waitress set our bills down, the trucker grabbed mine and handed her enough cash for both as well as a tip.

"Thanks, Chuck."

"No sweat."

He stood up and motioned for me to follow him.

"I'm heading west. Come on," Chuck said.

I hesitated. Suddenly I wasn't so sure if I should go with him. I didn't really know him. He seemed like a nice enough guy, but you never know.

"Don't worry, I ain't a serial killer or rapist or anything," he said with a chuckle.

What the hell. I grabbed my backpack and started to follow him out.

"Wait," I said. "I gotta go to the bathroom first."

We both walked to the restroom and he walked up to the urinal and I hurried into the stall to pee. After we washed our hands, I followed him out to his semi truck. He helped me get in and I settled in the passenger seat. While he made some notes in a notebook, I looked around the cab of the truck. It was really big and roomy. The seat was nice and cushy and it bounced a little under me. He made a phone call to his company and then we were off, heading west towards Chicago.

Chuck and I made small talk as he drove. I assumed he figured out that I was running away, but he didn't ask me about it and I was glad. We drove for hours and I dozed off a few times. He pulled into a rest stop and we both went inside and did our business in the stalls. After he finished, he waited for me in the lobby and then we walked back to the truck.

"Okay," he said. "It'll be a little crowded, but you can sleep with me in the sleeper."

Upon seeing the look of fear on my face, he added, "Don't worry, I ain't gonna rape you or anything. Or you can sleep in the passenger seat if you prefer."

"Um.... I guess I'll sleep back there... with you."

He pulled open the curtain behind us. I followed him between the seats and sat down on the mattress. The small bed was unmade, but looked comfortable enough that he could get a good nights sleep. He pulled off his boots and jeans and his shirt and sat there in his boxer shorts and t-shirt, waiting for me. I hurried and undressed down to my underwear and t-shirt. I crawled under the covers with him and he gave me one of his pillows.

We were both laying on our sides, with Chuck behind me, against the back wall of his sleeper. We were very close and I could feel his warm breath on the back of my head. It was a tight fit, but it wasn't too bad. Not to mention that it was better than any alternative I could think of.

"You okay, Lucas?" he asked quietly.

"Yeah. I'm fine."

We laid there in silence for a few minutes.

"Chuck?"

"Hmm?"

"Thanks. For everything."

"Don't mention it, kid."

I wanted to get my blue blanket from my backpack, but I didn't want to embarrass myself. I knew that it was close by, though, so I was okay. I closed my eyes and fell right asleep.

***

When I woke in the morning, Chuck was cuddled up behind me, pressing his warm body into my back with his arm draped over me. He was snoring into the back of my head. I could feel his morning wood pressed into my butt cheek. The feel of his dick made mine start to rise in my briefs. I moved my hips a little bit, trying to relieve some of the pressure of his cock against me.

Chuck snorted and stirred, then pulled his arm away and moved back from me.

"Sorry," he mumbled.

"It's okay."

"All right. Let's use the bathroom and get going."

We got dressed and I grabbed my toothbrush and the sample-sized toothpaste from my backpack. I stood next to Chuck at the urinal and I couldn't help but look. I wanted to see what was pressed against me this morning. I took a quick glance. Chuck was holding his flaccid penis, his foreskin pulled back and held by his fingers. I looked back down at my own dick. I had a nice four inches when soft, that grew to six and half when hard. I was definitely bigger than Chuck, at least when it was soft.

As I shook off the last drops, I noticed that Chuck was looking at my crotch. He moved back ever so slightly so that I could see him. I blushed a bit and gave him a sheepish smile. I gave my dick a few extra shakes for his benefit, then put it away. We both brushed our teeth at the sinks and then headed back to the truck.

We drove a few more hours, then stopped at a truck stop. Chuck warned me to stick with him and not go off by myself. He refueled the truck, then we went inside and he used two coupon things to get us each a shower. We each got a little room with a toilet, sink and shower. I pulled off my clothes and looked at myself in the mirror.

I had shaggy blond hair which curled up at the ends. I had blue-gray eyes, which I always wished were a little bluer, but what are you going to do? I'm kind of short at only 5'8" and I've got a thin and soft build. I've been told that I was cute. The first guy I went all the way with, Bud Junior, said I was really cute. Of course, he was trying to get in my pants when he said it. It worked.

My body was lean with a flat hairless chest and a soft stomach. I had a hollow sun tattoo on my left bicep that I got right after I turned eighteen. Wisps of blond hair topped the base of my soft dick.

After we cleaned up, Chuck bought me dinner and then we went back to the truck and got back on the road.

That night when we went to bed, I couldn't sleep. I was starting to freak out. My step-dad was a giant asshole and I hated him, but he didn't deserve to die. I kept seeing the blank look in his eyes as he laid there bleeding. I also knew that in a couple of days, Chuck would drop me off and I would be all alone. My body started to shake and I quietly cried.

Chuck stirred behind me and put his arm around me and I sank back into his warm body.

"It's okay, Lucas," he whispered.

He just held me while I cried myself to sleep.

The next two days were pretty much repeats of the day before. We were deep in the Midwest now. All flat land and fields.

When we crawled into the sleeper that night, I moved so that my back was cuddled up to Chuck.

"Lucas," he said quietly. "I'm heading back east tomorrow after I make my drop in Kansas. If you're still going west, I'm gonna have to drop you off."

"Okay," I whispered. "Thank you, Chuck. For being so nice to me."

"You're welcome, Lucas. Promise you'll be careful out here, okay? Some of the guys you meet ain't gonna be so nice."

"Yeah. I know all about those kind of guys."

Chuck didn't say anything for a bit, then whispered, "I'm real sorry to hear that."

We laid there silently for a while, then Chuck started to snore. I couldn't sleep and I laid there for an eternity. Chuck stirred a bit in his sleep, and started snoring a little louder. When he shifted, his pelvis came in contact with my body and I felt his hard dick poke me.

Chuck was a genuinely sweet guy. I knew that he'd never take advantage of me. But I saw the way he looked at me. The way he looked at my penis when we were at the urinals. The way he would stand back so that I could see his. Yeah, Chuck was a nice guy. He would never make a move on me.

I decided that since Chuck wouldn't make the first move, I would. I didn't think of it as an exchange for the favors he gave me. I was not a prostitute. He was lonely and I was lonely. I would just be helping out a buddy. I had helped out buddies before.

I turned around and Chuck stirred and moved away from me and rolled onto his back and resumed snoring. I reached my hand down to his boxers and slid my hand into the fly. I found his rock hard dick, which felt to be close to five inches, uncut with a nice thickness. I slowly stroked my hand up and down his length, gliding the foreskin back and forth. I pulled his dick out of the fly and kept stroking. I moved my head down and took him into my mouth, sinking all five inches into my mouth until my nose touched his bushy pubes. I sucked hard as I backed up.

Chuck groaned loudly, then he tried to sit up. He grabbed my head. "Lucas, no. Don't..."

I pulled off his cock and looked up at him. "I need to feel close with someone right now. And I know you need this, too. Please, Chuck. Just this once."

I took him back in my mouth and Chuck moaned and slumped back down. I held his dick by the base and I sucked my mouth up and down, burying my nose in his thick pubic bush. I swirled my tongue all over the shaft and head. His cock was so hard I thought it might snap in half.

"Oh... That feels so good..."

His dick felt like it got even harder in my mouth. I closed my eyes and listed to Chuck's soft moans and pants. I tried to show Chuck how much I cared about him in this one act of love. Pre-come oozed out of his dick and I swirled my tongue around it to clean it away.

"Lucas... I can't hold back anymore... I'm about to come..."

I sped up my motions and I felt Chuck's dick throb as his body started to tremble. His breathing grew ragged and he drew in a sharp breath and then groaned.

"Oh god... I'm coming..."

Chuck's body tensed and froze. With a strained grunt, his come oozed out of his dick into my mouth. It felt like it was just pouring out non-stop instead of shooting. I swallowed a couple of times and then once more when he finished. His dick softened and I let it fall from my mouth. I watched it retract into the curly bush. I moved up next to Chuck and he pushed me onto my back. He pulled down my briefs and groaned.

"Oh god, I knew your dick would be perfect," he whispered.

I moaned loudly as his warm, wet mouth surrounded me. He sucked gently as he slowly slid his head up and down. He wasn't getting much of it into his mouth and he clearly wasn't very experienced, but it still felt good. As he sucked me, his hand slid up my shirt and rubbed all over my chest and stomach. I was so turned on, I knew wouldn't going to last long. Within a minute, I was gripping the sheets and crying out.

"Chuck, I'm gonna shoot," I whimpered.

I moaned and bucked up into his mouth and shot my load. Chuck swallowed over and over and then licked all over me when I finished.

He moved up and gave me a tender kiss. I liked the way his moustache tickled me. I let out a soft giggle and gave him another sweet kiss back.

He then slid behind me and pulled me back to his chest. I fell asleep right away.

***

When we arrived at the truck stop late that next afternoon, Chuck hugged me tight. As he broke the hug, he gave me a little money and a piece of paper.

"If you ever run into any trouble, call me at this number," he said. "Be safe, Lucas."

"Thank you, Chuck," I whispered. "Thank you so much."

I gave him one last hug and I watched him get back into his truck. With a wave, he pulled out onto the highway and I watched his truck drive off.

As I walked to the building, another trucker moved up next to me.

"You looking for a ride?" he asked.

I looked up at the gruff looking man. He looked at me with dark hungry eyes and he lewdly licked his lips. I knew that look in his beady eyes. It was the way my step-dad looked at me.

"No, thanks," I said.

I walked faster and went inside and sat down at the counter. The waitress walked up to me as I set my backpack down at my feet. She looked me over and gave me a sympathetic smile.

"Hi, sweetie. What'll ya have?"

I ordered a piece of apple pie and a glass of water. She returned later with a really big slice of pie with a scoop of ice cream and a water. I looked up at her and smiled and thanked her. She winked at me and went to see about her other customers.

As I was finishing my pie, that same trucker from the parking lot sat down next to me. He looked me up and down and his hand moved down to his crotch and he gave it a little squeeze.

The waitress walked up and gave the trucker a flirty smile and set a cup of coffee in front of him.

"Hey, Marv. Good to see ya again," she said as she gave him a wink.

She set my bill in front of me. "Take your time, hun."

I pulled out some money and counted out enough for the pie and a fifteen percent tip.

When she walked away, Marv leered at me and then leaned in and whispered in my ear, "Meet me outside the shower room in ten minutes."

He put his hand on my thigh and squeezed it. I picked up his hand and pushed it away. His hand hit his coffee mug and it spilled all over the counter and splashed all over him. Marv jumped up and started wiping down his shirt.

"You little bitch," he growled at me.

The cook came from the kitchen. "Is there a problem, Marv?" he asked the trucker.

"Yeah. This homeless kid is trying to get a ride for sex. Won't take 'no' for an answer."

My mouth fell open and I looked up at the cook. The cook and the waitress both glared at me like I was trash and I knew that there was no way they'd believe me over Marv. The cook scowled at me and spat, "We don't want your kind hanging around here. Now get lost before I call the cops."

I grabbed my backpack and scurried out. I saw a police car pull off the highway and I took off running. Looking over the overpass, I could see the lights of a city and so I started running in that direction. Once I crossed the overpass, I slowed down and walked at a steady pace.

The town was further than I thought it would be. I guessed that I walked for about three hours until I made it to the small downtown area. It was now very dark. I was going to have to find a place to sleep for the night. I knew I didn't have enough money for a room.

With a sigh, I walked down the street looking for a place that I could hide for the night. It was a quaint little town. Not very big at all. I saw an open diner ahead and crossed the street. Like most of the buildings along the downtown strip, it was a two story building. It looked like maybe there was an apartment over the diner. The other stores along the street looked like they were set up the same way.

The window said "Frankie's" and advertised the best burger in the county. I pushed into the diner and looked around for place to sit. Most of the tables were either full or still had dirty dishes. I sat down at the counter and picked up one of the menus in front of me. The cook looked up at me through the window that opened into the kitchen. I guessed he was Frankie.

He was tall and broad. He looked like he maybe ate a few too many of the county's best burgers, but he carried the extra weight well since he was so tall. He looked like he used to be a football player. I always liked the football players back in school, especially the bigger ones, like Bud Junior. The hair on Frankie's head was shaved off. I could see where his hairline had prematurely receded. I guess he decided to just get rid of all of it. Much better than a comb-over, I suppose. He had full black eyebrows and his beard stubble was also black and looked to be about two or three days overgrown. The bridge of his nose was crooked like he had broken it. Maybe while playing football, I imagined. His lips were full and pouty. He had dark blue eyes. His brow was furrowed into what looked like a permanent scowl.

He came around and wiped his hands on his apron and pulled out a pad from his apron pocket and a pen from over his ear.

"Sorry 'bout the mess," he grumbled. "I'm short handed today. What do you want?"

"I'll try the best burger. No cheese or tomato. Everything else is fine."

"Fries?"

"Sure. And a water to drink."

He looked me up and down, narrowing his eyes at me.

"You got money to pay for this?" he asked.

"Yes, sir," I answered quietly as I blushed in embarrassment.

He grunted at me and then turned and stomped back into the kitchen.

I sat quietly waiting for my water and my food. I watched him bring out two plates for the couple sitting at one of the tables, then dropped off a check to another. He gave to-go boxes to a family in the corner booth. He finally brought my water and set it down in front of me.
