 It was a hot day and the temp was up near ninety and the humidity was also pretty bad. I had been riding for about two hours and decided it was time for a break. Up a head on the right I saw a gas station convenience store so I pulled in. After topping off my gas tank I went inside and got a cold bottle of water. As I headed back out to the bike another gentleman was coming in the door.

He was like me probably in his mid fifties and a little on the chubby side. Only he had darker hair that was graying instead of my reddish that's slowly turning white. He was wearing a work uniform for the contracting company he worked for and as we passed our eyes met for just a second until we did the standard straight guy head nod and passed each other. But for that one second I could swear I saw something in his glaze. It was like we connected on some level. I think the term now days is pansexual but I've always considered myself bisexual. I've not had very many chances to connect with men but I can honestly say I enjoy fucking or being fucked by a guy just as much as I do with a woman.

I went back out and pulled the bike over to a shady area at the edge of the parking lot and climbed off. There were some tree's there and a Path that led between them and deeper into a wooded area. I was standing at the start of the path when he walked out of the store and glanced my way. I turned and started walking deeper into the woods and soon the sounds of peaceful woods replaced the noise from the station and road.

I came to a little clearing and decided this would be a good place to take a leak so I unzipped my fly. Something about pissing outdoors always excites me so as I pulled my cock out I could feel it start to chub up a little. Suddenly his voice startled me saying, "I wouldn't waste any of that". I kind of jumped and without thinking I spun around to face him while still holding my ever growing cock in my hand.

He didn't say another word, just walked over to me and dropped to his knees. Gently he took the head of my penis into his mouth and began to flick the pee hole with his tongue. I could feel my cock growing in this stranger's mouth but I still had to piss so badly! He pulled off for second and said; go ahead I can take it. So I relaxed my bladder. A few drops dribbled out at first then it turned into a trickle and soon I was at full pressure! My steamy piss was filling his mouth faster that he could swallow and soon the front of his work shirt was soaked in my urine as it sprayed out of his mouth and ran down his chin.

My stream wound down but my erection continued to grow soon his mouth was sliding up and down and my stiff cock fucking me with his throat. Then he gently reached up with one hand and began to caress my balls. Suddenly a combination of the heat and excitement was too much and I felt light headed. I told him I had to lay down so he released my cock. I slid my jeans down to my ankles. And sat down in the grass then I laid back into the grass and closed my eyes. 

After a second or so I felt his hand take a hold my cock and rub some spit on it, when I opened my eyes again his uniform was lying in a pile next to me and he was squatting over me guiding my penis into him. His anus was a bit dry but he relaxed it and used his weight to force me inside him. I looked down over my belly and his hard cock was staring back at me so as he began to slide up and down I reached down and began to stroke him. It was a beautiful cock, looked to be about seven inches long and a normal thickness. He had shaved his pubic hair and had a beautiful sack hanging there. He slowly pumped himself up and down on my cock and it didn't seen very long until I could feel that familiar tingle in my balls and about that same time I could hear his breathing start to change. I increased my grip squeezing his penis harder and we both began to orgasm at about the same time. He would rise up and then slide down my shaft pumping my seed deep inside him. And in turn I would stroke down to the base of his rod then pull up towards the head sending a stream of semen arching over my belly. The first pump of jizz splashed onto my forehead and my glasses. The second pump landed square in my open and hungry mouth giving me that delicious salty creamy taste of him and the third and last hit my chin filling my beard with his man cream.

When he finished he rolled off my cock and lay on the grass beside me for awhile both of us panting in our exhaustion.

Then he slowly rose up on one elbow and leaning over me, he first licked what he could of his own spunk from my beard and then surprised me with a very passionate open mouth kiss. After that he stood up without a word and gathered up his piss soaked clothes and walked naked back thru the woods. A few minutes I stood up myself and pulled my head rag off and used it to wipe my cock off. Then I pulled my jeans up and made my way back to the parking lot just in time to see his truck pull out of the parking lot.

I guess he was a man of few words but it wasn't really about talking anyway. We were two guys with needs and we helped each other satisfy those needs. It wasn't much of a rest for me but it was time to get back on the road so I climbed back in the saddle and fired my hog up then I held the rag up to my nose and inhaled his scent that he had left on me. After a minute or so I stuck it in my pocket, and I know this sounds corny but rode off into the sunset.