 The morning after the party started with a pounding headache and a very sore asshole. There was a minute of post wake up confusion where I sat up and wondered how I had hurt my ass. Then the memory of the night before came rushing back. The realization that I had gay sex hit me like a ton of bricks.

I stared blankly at the wall as I went through the events that led up to my anal deflowering. I began a closeted shame spiral while I remembered the slick saltiness of his precum in my mouth. I started to cry silently as I remembered him fucking my ass cheeks. I fell into full panic mode as I remembered he had came in my ass twice without a condom.

I laid on the couch quietly sobbing "I am not gay" to myself over and over. While my mind was falling apart my body had other plans. My almost 6 inch cock was rock hard and I couldn't help myself. I began to rub it over my shorts as I cried. As I played with myself the sobs slowed down. Eventually I was sitting up, and jerking off while still whispering to myself "I am not gay."

I positioned my body so that my knees where spread and my feet pointed outwards. As I jerked off I continued to think back to the previous night and all of the sensations I experienced. Without thinking I bent over, dropping my face into armrest while I lifted my ass as high in the air as I could. The cool air felt nice on my exposed, bruised hole. As I marveled at the fact that my butt wasn't completely destroyed by Matt's cock, I began to cum. Semen leaked out of my cock, my body shuddered and I started pumping my ass backwards like I was riding a cock.

I looked down at the puddle of jizz I left on the cushion. I got my face close, sniffed it, then I stuck out my tongue and licked up a mouthful. I was immediately turned off, my cum was more bitter than Matt's had been and the feeling of it in my mouth was repulsive. Even the smell was gross compared to last night, I wasn't sure if it had been because the musk of his balls had covered it up, but mine smelled like dirty bleach. I spit it out thinking that was proof I wasn't gay, but when I thought of Matt's cum in my mouth it made me feel horny again.

I looked at the couch and realized there were multiple cum stains all over it. I spent the next hour cleaning while I tried to convince myself that I didn't enjoy last night as much as I was remembering. Then I took a shower and washed the remaining dried cum I had missed the night before off of me. My ass was still very sore and I winced from pain when the hot water from the shower ran down my cheeks.

After I finished drying off I got dressed and sat down in front of a bowl of cereal trying to understand how the previous night happened. The more I tried to understand how he got me to have sex with him, the more I became convinced that it was because he took advantage of my drunkenness. A small voice in the back of my mind said "you weren't THAT drunk last night. What did you think was going to happen when he pulled out his cock right in front of your face? You could have said no instead of lapping up the precum from his dick. You could have gotten up when he spread your ass instead of panting like a bitch in heat."

That voice terrified me, and as hard as I tried I couldn't get it to stop. I felt like I was going insane as I stared at a bowl full of mush that had once been cereal. He snooped in my room then used the fact that I was drunk and curious about gay porn against me, I reasoned. He used me for sex. He tricked me into thinking that I liked touching his big thick cock. I started to get hard again.

"I just have to get my mind off of it." I said out loud to myself. I decided I wouldn't think about what happened anymore and if he tried to contact me I would tell him to go fuck himself. I got up to throw out my ruined cereal and my tender ass protested in pain. I wondered why it felt more painful now than when he was inside me, filling my tight ass with his thick, warm cum. "God dammit!" I said out loud again "I said keep your mind off of it."

I popped a couple Advil and after a few hours my aching ass became bearable. I spent most of the day angry, confused, and scared. It was difficult to keep from playing with myself as I continued trying to be upset. I wanted to scream every time I thought about the way Matts abs tightened each time he pushed his dick deeper into my ass.

I forgot to charge my cellphone the night before and didn't think to do it all day. I had been too preoccupied with my panic over how right his cock had felt in my hand. As my phone screen lit up I looked at it nervously waiting for any text notifications to pop up. I had a couple texts from friends, but none from Matt, and even though I told myself that was a good thing I still felt disappointed. 

That night I went out to one of my buddies houses to play video games and get high with a handful of my friends. I only had 2 months before I left for college and I wanted to make the best of that time. We took turns passing the controller and the bong while we joked around. My best friend Keith asked if anyone got laid after the party. A couple guys talked about their conquests as I tried to pretend that I was too focused on the game to be paying attention. Then Keith turned to me and asked "What about you Tyler?"

I didn't stop looking at the screen as I said "Na man, couldn't seal the deal. I wound up cleaning up then going to bed." 

Keith responded "That sucks bro. I thought if anyone was gonna tap some ass last night it would be the guy throwing the party."

I said quickly "I definitely didn't tap any ass last night." I paused for a moment then continued "It's all good though dude, I was really tired. I'm regretting even cleaning up right after. I should have just gone straight to bed."

Keith took a rip from his bong than said "Yea, my bad about not staying later. My girl was begging for it and I didn't want to disappoint." Everyone aside from myself laughed at that. Then he continued "When I left, that one dude Matt was still there right? Did he at least help you finish up?"

I handed the controller to my friend Frank, grabbed the bong and said "Yea he stayed to help me finish cleaning. He was there longer than I expected."

While I was taking a hit Keith said "Matt is a cool dude. We should have asked him if he wanted to chill tonight." Keith looked at his phone for a minute then looked back at me and asked "Do you have his number? Last night he said he was gonna be in town till the end of next month. He could probably get us beer from his uncle's liquor store." 

I acted like I was checking through my phone and said "Na sorry bro, I didn't think to ask him when he left." While I was looking at my screen a text message notification popped up. I couldn't see what the message said but it was from Matt. I closed my phone then said to the group "I'm gonna get out of here fellas, gotta wake up early tomorrow and get the yard done before my family gets home."

As I stood up my friend Steve said "Dude your family doesn't come back until Wednesday. You have all week to do that, don't be a pussy." 

I turned to Steve and said "I want to get it done tomorrow morning so I don't have to worry about it later. So fuck you very much." Then I gave him a bro shake, said goodbye to the rest of my friends and left. As I drove home it took all of my willpower not to read the text. I didn't want to have any kind of conversation with him where anyone else could possibly see.

Once inside my house I pulled out my phone with slightly shaking hands and opened the text. It read "Hey dude, I know that I'm supposed to wait like three days or whatever, but would you want to come over and let me fuck that tight ass again? ;)" 

It turned me on to read, and as badly as I wanted to just delete the text, I also wanted to respond yes I will be right over. Instead I responded "Dont think that will work my ass hurts."

I sent the text then I went into my room and undressed. I was playing with myself in the dark remembering how my ass got hurt to begin with when my phone chimed. He had responded with "Ohh dude Im really sorry. I should have been more gentle with you. If you want to come over I can kiss it all better!" The visualization of him between my legs kissing my asshole pushed me over the edge. I made soft, girly moans as I came all over my cock and balls.

As I came down from the orgasm I couldn't bring myself to respond. I was fighting between telling him off and asking him to come over to cover me in his tasty cum. So I shut off my phone, wiped myself down, and went to sleep.

The next morning I woke up to find two

more texts from Matt. The first said "I'm guessing that's a no?" The second hours later said "Hey dude I didn't force you to have sex with me. You wanted it just as bad as I did and it's not right for you to just blow me off after everything that happened. Can we at least talk about it. I like you, and I was really looking forward to seeing you again."

I didn't know what to say. As much as my mind was telling me to forget it, there was something about Matt that drew me to him. It also made me feel good in a strange way that he didn't just use me for sex.

I texted back "Hey, sorry for not getting back to you last night. I was nervous about everything that happened. If you want to come over tonight and talk you can. I am not gay, so don't expect anything else to happen while Im sober."

After I sent the text I got dressed and started working on the lawn. It took me all morning and most of the early afternoon to get everything done. I checked my phone every half an hour and I started to get worried he wasn't going to text back. Then around one thirty he texted "Hey that sounds great. How about I come over around 5? Should I bring some vodka? ;D"

I was excited he agreed to come over but I wasn't ready to admit to myself how excited. I responded "Yea 5 is cool, but no need for booze. Even if I did want to have sex with you again don't forget that my ass is still pretty hurt."

He texted back almost immediately "OK see you then. I wont bring liquor, but I will bring some coconut oil for your ass. If you want I can help you put it on. It doesn't have to be sexual. I have already felt it so it wouldn't be weird" 

As I read that last message my cock throbbed with arousal. I undressed and started to rub my dick while I imagined him touching my asshole. I stopped right before orgasm. I told myself it was because I wasn't going to cum while thinking about gay sex anymore, but I worried it was because I wanted to save it for him.

I started to make my room presentable. Then I took a long hot shower while I fought to keep from playing with myself. I scrubbed myself clean then shaved my face and neck. I remembered how much I had liked the way Matts pubes had been trimmed, but I didn't have anything to trim mine with. I concluded the next best thing would be to just shave them smooth. It took longer than expected but it felt so sexy and wrong after I finished. I spent almost five minutes just touching and rubbing where my pubes had once been.

I then felt the hair that was still on my balls and decided they should be smooth as well. It was alot more tedious than my pubic area had been. Once I finished with my balls I thought, since I shaved everything else, I might as well shave my ass while I'm at it. That was the most difficult part by far since I had to be very gentle with my tender hole. When I was done I couldn't stop myself from rubbing all over my now smooth areas; it was incredibly sexy. Without playing with myself I rubbed some of my moms extra moisturizing body wash all over. Normally I only ever used it on my neck when I would shave because it would prevent razor burn, but I would never use too much since it smelled really girly. 

I got out of the shower and dried off. The body wash made my whole body feel slippery and soft. So I again had to fight to keep my hands off of my dick. Before getting dressed I took some of my little sisters body lotion and rubbed it on my pubic area and my balls. I told myself it was to prevent razorburn as well, but then I wondered why I chose the her peach scented one instead of my scentless face lotion I normally used. 

I dressed in my nicest clothes and specifically chose a pair of tight Alfani light blue boxer briefs my ex-girlfriend had given me for valentines day. She had been so excited that day and told me how sexy I would look in them, but I always felt like they looked more like girls panties than mens underwear. When I was finished getting ready I looked at the clock and saw it was a quarter to five. I was anxious and becoming more and more nervous as I waited. I was just about to text him to forget about coming over when my doorbell rang. My throat almost closed up and I became lightheaded as I walked to the door. 

Matt was standing outside in a tight red v-neck t shirt, dark jeans, and black work-boots. He was also holding a 6-pack of beer and a bag with what I assumed was coconut oil. My breathing quickened and I let him in without saying anything. As I closed the door he turned towards me and said "Dude you look really cute."

I blushed slightly and said "Thanks, you look really nice too."

He smiled and said "Thanks, I know we aren't fooling around anymore, but I still wanted to dress to impress." As badly as I was trying to convince myself that I did not want him, seeing him in front of me made it very hard. I could see his muscles through his tight t-shirt, and his package bulged against his jeans. He said "Are you sure it's cool I'm here dude? I don't want to make you feel uncomfortable."

I looked down at his shoes and said "As much as I'm not comfotable about you being here, I'm also really happy you came by. I know you think I'm gay, but I'm not. That doesn't mean that I didn't like hanging out with you."

He stepped closer to me and said "I really liked hanging out with you too." He continued stepping closer to me "I know what we did is freaking you out, and if you don't want to do that anymore I get it. I just felt like we had a spark or something." 

As he stepped directly infront of me I had to look upwards at the cute smile on his chiseled face. I could smell his Old Spice deodorant mixed with the scent of his cologne. It made me want to bury my face in his chest and breath it in all day. I said "Well I was drunk when all that happened. I am not interested in guys that way, but we can still be friends if you want."

He got even closer and went in to hug me. I hesitated for a moment before embracing him. Matt said "I get it dude. I don't want you to feel forced into doing anything you don't want to do. I really enjoyed the other night though, and I think you did too. If you are so sure you aren't gay would you be willing to make a bet on it?"

I was so focused on trying to smell him and feel his hard muscles against me that I was barely paying attention when I said yes. The realization that I had made some sort of wager didn't come to me until after he was leading me to my room by the hand. As we started down the stairs I wanted to protest or pull my hand away, but the curiosity and excitement of what was possibly going to happen kept me quiet. He brought me to the couch then pulled out the coconut oil from his bag.

He said "Since your ass still hurts from the other night I'm going to rub some of this on it. If you can keep from playing with yourself then you win."

I asked "What do I get if I win?"

He laughed and said "You won't be gay" He paused then said "but if you lose, you let me suck your dick. That sounds fair right?"

My body tensed whiIe I considered his offer. The promise of him feeling my ass again made my thoughts foggy. I couldn't stop remembering how good his fingers felt in my ass the night before. I shook with excitement and fear as I stuttered "Yu yyu yyea."

He said "OK cool, take off your pants and bend over the couch. Remember if you even touch your dick then I get to suck it."

I shakily turned towards the couch then pulled down my pants. My legs felt like they were going to collapse under me as I bent over. I laughed nervously as I lifted up my ass like I did for him two nights before and opened my legs to spread my asscheeks. The moment my tender asshole was presented to him my dick became rock hard.

He stood behind me and stepped in closer. I could feel the weight of his heavy half erect cock beneath his pants. He pressed his bulge against my ass while he gently grabbed my hips. I started to make soft shaky moans as he ran his hands across the small of my back and my ass cheeks. He said "Fuck you are so hot! You have such a perfect round ass." He started to crouch down and said "I'm gonna see how badly I damaged that tight hole of yours before I oil it up."

I was noticeably shaking while my cock dripped precum. I felt his chest lower against my asscheeks. I started to pant and make light whining noises. Matt got to eye level with my ass and spread my cheeks even wider with his hands. He stopped and sniffed, then he moved his face in closer. I felt his nose right above my asshole as he sniffed again. I began making a shuddering girly whimper as I held my hands together to keep them from playing with my dick.

Matt placed his hand on my inner thigh an inch from my balls and asked "Did you shave for me? 

I replied in between sobs of unbearable horniness "No! I uhhhh just wanted ahhhhh to trim down there uhuhhuhh because I thought auhhu it looked good."

His hand lifted up and brushed my balls. I jumped from the pleasure shock that hit me. He said "It feels really nice. Also does your ass smell like peaches or am I crazy?"

I pushed his arm down with my trembling hand and said "This isn't fair you're cheating. You said you would only use the coconut oil. Yes, I used body lotion so I wouldn't get razor burn."

He laughed and said "OK you're right I'm sorry that wasn't fair. I'm just saying it feels like you got his ass ready to be eaten. I know you said you didn't want to fool around anymore, but if you want me to lick your ass you can just ask." Just thinking about his tongue touching my soft bruised asshole made my cock jump with excitement. 

He reached back and grabbed the coconut oil jar. As he was scooping some onto his fingers I said "I wasn't getting my ass ready for anything. I just thought it would look and feel nice"

He responded back "It definitely does." I then felt the cold thick coconut oil pressed against my ass and then his greased fingers rubbing against my hole. I moaned and shuddered as I squeezed my hands together hard enough to make them hurt. He started to rub in a circle while applying just enough pressure that his middle finger would just barely slip inside. After a minute the oil warmed up and began running down my thigh as I imagined it was his warm thick cum. I was moaning to the rhythm of his rubbing and I could barely contain myself. I was hitting a point where I was going to start screaming. My cock started to drool precum and I was sure this was going to make me cum if it continued. 

Then he stopped, and pulled up my underwear. He did it so quickly I started to dry hump the air as I looked back at him. He had a small smile on his face and his dark green eyes seemed to dance in the dim light as he said "Well it looks like you won. So do you want to play some xbox or something?" He looked into my pleading eyes and continued "Well since you are already half naked would it be cool if I got comfy too?" I quickly nodded.

He took off his shirt and pants. As he stood there in his black boxer brief underwear I could feel my body being drawn to him. I could see the outline of his thick hard cock beneath the thin fabric of his underwear, and I needed to feel it. I turned around and stepped shakily towards him. I stood directly infront of him and began to speak when he pushed his hips forward.
