 For those who haven't already read my 1st story,, please read my first submission, "I Tasted My First Cock" to bring you to the current story. In that story I alluded to the encounter I am detailing below. Due to popular response to both the 1st story and requests to elaborate on the following encounter, I am submitting this. Once again, this is a true account of what happened in my life and I hope it can make the readers as hard as I am right now writing this.

Well as I mentioned in my first story, after my first encounter sucking that older gentleman's cock in the adult bookstore I had this initial guilty feeling. I thought, oh God, what have I done. Does this mean I'm gay? What would people think if they found out? But soon those feelings subsided and again these horny thoughts began shooting in my head. I just loved being used. I loved the fact that I was just some stranger to this guy and that he could just put his dick into and use for his own pleasure. He couldn't care less about my name, my age, or what I did. No, all he cared about was using my warm wet mouth to surround his shaft and give him pleasure. I was just a piece of meat to him and I loved it.

So as you can guess, after quickly getting over the "guilty phase" I just had to do it again. I jerked off so many times thinking about that older guy and soon regretted that I didn't finish him off in my mouth. I wondered what his cum would have tasted like sliding down my throat. 

I went back to the adult chat lines (again on the heterosexual sites) and soon found a guy whose name was Mike (at least that's what he told me). He responded to my message on the chat line which went something like this : "young male looking to get on his knees and have his mouth used for your pleasure, any age, any race, reciprocation not necessary." We chatted back and forth and he told me that his girlfriend refused to swallow and that he would take me up on my offer if I would indeed swallow his cum down my throat. I was so horny at this point that I immediately agreed to (even though I knew I never did this before and the last opportunity that presented itself to me I ended up having cold feet).

So I gave him my address and he said he would be over. Unfortunately he was a no-show and basically had me anticipating what could have been that night. I again got on the chat line the next evening and lo and behold, Mike sent me a message. Initially I was angry at him for not coming over but he apologized and said that he got cold feet but that if I would give him one more chance he would love to feed me his cock.

Well since I was again horny as hell, I agreed, but said if he didn't show up within the hour, don't bother calling me. Well he must have booked it because within the next 1/2 hr I heard my doorbell ring and there he was. I would say he was in his late 30's, thin, blond hair and scruffy looking, about 5'8. I said "I'm glad you finally decided to come over" and led him downstairs to my finished basement. 

He almost immediately took down his pants before any more introductions and I was pretty much staring at his hard cock (I was still standing in this rush). It was thinner than the 1st cock I sucked and a little smaller (probably 6 inches). I had him sit down on the sectional sofa and got down on my knees. His cock had a sharp curve upwards towards his belly. I took the cock in my hand and started stroking it, making it firm up even more. With my tongue out I started licking his shaft up and down. I even licked his balls (which I didn't do for the first guy) and felt his sac tighten under my mouth. It was a bit awkward putting his cock head in my mouth due to the sharp curve (in retrospect I should have had him lay down and sucked him from the side) but I managed.

Again I felt great as I heard him moaning while my mouth was sliding up and down his shaft. I used my tongue to lick the opening at the tip of his penis and was rewarded with some increased sounds of pleasure.

I honestly don't know how long I continued this for but I was enjoying it. It definitely was better than giving head in the video booth because I wasn't worried about being caught, having other people watch, etc. No, it was just me and Mike in my own home and I could please his cock at my own pace and in a comfortable surrounding.

Pretty soon I could tell he was about to cum and I used my mouth to suck the head faster. Then I felt it, fluid started to enter my mouth and I knew he was cumming in me. I admit at this point I thought, oh God, am I going to swallow this man's sperm? I realized what women must go through the first time this happens. Well in my case some of it did indeed go down my throat, however a lot did dribble down my chin (I wasn't quite at that stage where, like in the pornos, I could take a finger, swipe it up and lick it off). Mike didn't seem to mind either way though, b/c he just kept bucking in my mouth. Eventually I felt his cock go limp after he used my mouth completely. 

To be honest, Mike cumming in my mouth seemed to happen so fast that I really couldn't put a taste to his cum. I do remember that it was watery (not like the thick cum I can produce if I haven't jerked off in awhile). I guess that he too was turned on by our prior phone conversation and masturbated quite a bit prior to our meeting. Part of me wishes that he had a full thick load so I that I could have experienced what a man's cum should taste like. 

Anyway, after this, I wiped my face with a towel. He got up and got dressed and thanked me for the use of my mouth. He and I have never contacted each other since then, but it didn't bother me. I think these "one night stands" added to the raunchiness factor of the whole situation). 

Well unfortunately that was the last cock that I ever put in my mouth. I have since gotten married and pretty much only masturbate at the thoughts of sucking cock again. I do admit that after my first story I got some e-mails which tempted me to turn back into the cock slave deep down I knew I wanted to be. One e-mail in particular I actually wrote back because I was going on a business trip that turned out to be near that person's location. I gave him my # and if he did call (which unfortunately he didn't) I may have been persuaded (quite easily) and ended up having another cock in me. But that was the closest I've been to bringing my cock sucking numbers up.

Lately I've been so horny I've imagined what could have happened if I offered Mike my ass (not sure if he would take it though, he seemed pretty shy even about getting a blow job from a man). But again, I see how some women totally look in heaven while receiving anal and that gets me thinking how it would make me feel have some guy sliding his cock in my ass (but I'm afraid that will be left to fantasy only).

Anyway, if you did like this story please send me an e-mail. Positive feedback comments are also appreciated. I hope at least a few of you did cum during this story (wish I was there to lick it up :) ).

Take care, Jugster