 I am a mature bi white guy in my mid-60s. I have been divorced for 15 years. Shortly after my divorce I went wild with bi encounters despite having a few girl friends over that time. One encounter that sticks in my mind occurred about 3 years after my divorce. I was 52 and in very good shape - about 5-11, 180, with a nice 7" cut cock. I used a variety of websites to find partners since I am quite an introvert and not good at picking anyone up - whether male or female.

I answered an ad from a guy who said he was 56 in good shape with a nice cock. He said he was a top, which suited me since I am mostly a bottom. He was looking for another mature guy for some mutual pleasure. We exchanged a few e-mails and arranged to meet in a bar. I was nervously playing with the swizel stick in my drink when a handsome older gentleman approached me and noticed the red polo shirt I was wearing, as I had mentioned in the last e-mail. "Hi, you must be Tom," he said, "I'm Al". I smiled and shook his hand. He joined me for a drink and we exchanged small talk for a few minutes. He looked at me and said "Let's go to my place."

We left the bar and I followed his car to his house. It was a small cottage on a lake. We went inside and he poured us each a nice measure of single malt scotch - my favorite drink. We chatted about nothing in particular as we sipped our drinks. After about 20 minutes of this, he said "shall we get down to business?"

I agreed and told him "let's go." I followed him to the bedroom and we quickly stripped. He was around 6'-2", slim and in very nice shape. He had gray hair but a youthful look. His cock was about 5" and thick in the tumescent state. I was naked in a flash and dropped to my knees. I took his cock in my mouth and began to suck. It soon grew to a fat 8". I was in heaven as I sucked on that fat cock. I licked his mushroom shaped head and flicked my tongue on its underside. He soon began oozing precum and it tasted delicious. I loved to wrap my lips around a thick cock head and run my tongue all over it. Then I took it into my mouth bit by bit until my nose was buried in his pubic hair. Slowly I worked my way back up his shaft and resumed massaging his cock head with my tongue. 

I smiled up at him and said "I love your cock in my mouth but it would feel even better in my ass." 

"Let's do it, your ass looks very inviting." I climbed on the bed and got on all fours. He spread lube in my ass and began finger fucking me. Then he pressed his cock against my ass and began to slap me with it. I loved it. It made me feel so hot and so slutty. Slowly he began pushing it inside me. As always, the initial pain soon faded into a wonderful fullness. I pushed back against him and squeezed my cheeks. He liked that and began to really pound my ass. I loved it especially when he began slapping my ass. 

"I love your cock in me, I need it! You make me feel so slutty and I love it!"

"You're such a hot slut. You need to be fucked hard!" With that, he grabbed my hips and slammed his cock deep inside me. I was moaning in delight and wiggling my ass while he drove his cock ever deeper inside me. My cock was oozing precum as he fucked my willing ass. I was close to cumming myself when he shot string after string of hot cream inside me. I collapsed on the bed as he pulled out and he waved his cock at me and said "clean me up, slut." I eagerly complied and began sucking the last drops of cum out of his still hard cock. I finished myself off by hand while doing this.

"That was one of the most intense fucks I have ever gotten." I fondled his cock and balls and said "I will be ready for another session in a little while, how about you?" 

He smiled and said "let's have another drink and then go back at it." We had another single malt and made small talk. He was bi and divorced like me and we found we had some interests in common. We were both history buffs and Jeopardy fans. We both loved baseball. After 20 minutes or so we were both ready for more action.

I had Al lie back and I crawled between his legs. I took his semi-hard cock in my mouth and began sucking. I fondled his balls and ran my hands over his abdomen. He was rock hard again and I really worked his cock over with my lips, tongue and mouth. I took my time and really enjoyed slurping on his big dick. Every now and then I would lick his balls. When I sensed he was close, I sucked harder and faster, swirling my tongue around his cock head before plunging down his shaft. I was soon rewarded with strings of cum shooting down my throat. I made sure I didn't miss a drop. 

Al hugged me and gave me a long, deep kiss. "You are the hottest fuck I've had in years!" That really made me feel special. We chatted a bit more and promised to keep in touch. We met a few more times before he took a new job in a different city.