 It was rush hour when Takeshi boarded the subway. The commuters, himself included, moved as a single pack to enter the already crammed car, pushing their way inside, trying to find one of the ideal positions to grab on to something. There were so many people inside it didn't really matter, he would have been hard pressed to even touch the ground with his hands if he had so desired.

Takeshi was one of the unlucky ones to be stuck in the middle of the car. He wasn't able to reach the other side, as he had wanted, so he was stuck in the middle, both hands barely touching the back pole to avoid losing his balance. He usually tried to reach the door on the other side, as people usually stopped before arriving there, leaving a spot with a little more space.

His mind wandered on what he was going to have for dinner... ever since he started college he had been careless with his diet, he was eating way too much soba and...

He suddenly froze. He had felt something lightly touching his ass. By itself, it was actually not that unusual: people were so crowded in the car they were bound to accidentally touch each other, it was inevitable. But this touch... something told him it wasn't accidental.

The fleeting touch returned twice more before Takeshi decided to do something about it. He slowly lowered one hand and when whoever was touching him returned he tried swatting at them; in his clumsy attempt he ended up hitting an older woman in the leg. The woman widened her eyes in surprise but otherwise had no other reaction. Mortified, Takeshi forced himself to look on the other direction, cheeks flushed. He decided to ignore what he now identified as a mischievous hand that found its way to his posterior time and time again; surely, whoever was doing this would stop any moment now.

But it didn't. If anything, the touches started coming more and more frequently and worse still, they were starting to linger. Still, Takeshi refused to defend himself from the assault, counting down the minutes until he arrived at his destination. 

The subway stopped on Kasuga station. A throng of people moved quickly outside the car, and Takeshi quickly decided that it would be a good idea to step out and grab the next train, even if it meant having to wait a long time for it. It was certainly better than staying and being prey to this... pervert. By the time he had made up his mind about it, people were already coming inside and it was difficult for him to move crosscurrent in the quickly shifting sea of people. Out of nowhere, a very tall man planted himself in front of him with his back to him; he tried going around him but found the group of people on his sides were firmly planted in place themselves. He had not seen them before.

The doors closed. He hadn't been able to leave, but at least he had been able to move from his previous position, away from the mischievous hands. His relief was short-lived, though, and a sudden cold shiver went up his spine went he felt the hand on his ass once again. This felt somehow different from before, whoever was doing this was doing it shamelessly, rubbing his butt firmly as if it belonged to them.

This was too much for Takeshi, who had endured every humiliating touch up until now. He had to get out, and he had to get out fast; desperately, he tried pushing the tall man in front of him to make space for his escape, but the man was far more solid than he appeared and didn't budge an inch. His weak calls to catch his attention were unnoticed... or perhaps ignored. Meanwhile, the hand on his posterior continued his work uninterrupted, lecherously grabbing his denim-covered cheeks. It was enough to make him flush; Takeshi briefly wondered what would be the reaction of the rest of the passengers to know how he was being treated... how he was allowing himself to be treated.

He persisted on his attempts to get away, and by now he was sure the man in front of him was actively ignoring him. He felt trapped, even more so than before; the guys that surrounded his were very tightly packed and barely let him move. A brief, but disturbing thought crossed his mind. What if the person behind him wasn't alone?

As if to answer his question a second hand started touching him, this time on the front. He flinched. Now at the age of twenty-two, he had dedicated most of his life to his studies at the cost of an active personal life, and up until this point in his life he had never felt such a personal touch over his private parts, even over his clothes. The feeling wasn't altogether unpleasant, but that was not the way he wanted it, not at all...

His body, however, had a mind of its own. He soon started feeling a familiar pang in his groin provoked by the constant stimulation, and his jeans felt just a little bit tighter. Furrowing his brow, he closed his eyes and forced himself to think of something else, anything else that would take his mind out of what was happening but it was useless: his penis twitched, and very soon it started hardening against his will, fighting against the denim to free itself. He really hoped no one around him would notice it so he forced himself to stay quiet, quietly flinching and squirming in place, pathetically and unsuccessfully trying to get away from the perverted hands.

As he squirmed, Takeshi felt more and more hands on his body, increasing not only in number but also in boldness. His ass was rubbed and pinched, while others explored his hardened member, brusquely rubbing their hands against the denim. By now he was sure the men surrounding him were together in this, shielding him from the rest of the passagers so he could be groped without notice.

Takeshi gasped and bit his lip at the moment that one of the most adventurous hands wormed its way under his shirt and touched his bare skin. The hand felt cold to the touch, and his own skin felt like it was on fire; he was hypersensitive, and for the first time he became aware he was sweating profusely despite the agreeable weather. His t-shirt had hiked up slightly, and soon other hands followed the first one, one of them rubbing his belly with surprising softness. 

Once more he tried freeing himself of the unwanted advances by grabbing one of the offending hands, but he was promptly grabbed himself by his wrist by someone else. He yelped in pain and immediately desisted in his attempt to defend himself, although he was not let go.

The hands, in the meantime, expanded their area of exploration by the second, emboldened by the lack of resistance of their prey. One of the men behind him approached until he felt his heavy breath on his ear, smelling like alcohol and cologne. One of his hands made its way from under his shirt, roughly touching his chest; he felt a chill running down his spine when the hand barely touched one of his nipples, hardened by now. This apparently didn't go unnoticed by his assaulter, who promptly made contact with his nipple using his calloused fingers, pinching it with his thumb and index and causing the young man to pant and moan in pain.

Takeshi continued sweating profusely. The situation was worse and getting worse by the minute and he felt even more helpless than before. It seemed as if a fog had clouded his thoughts, in part because of the shock, in part because of the stimulation. He noticed the car was slowing down as it arrived to the next station and he wondered what would become of him. Perhaps someone would see him and help him, but at the same time he prayed no-one would see him in his current condition.

As soon as the car's doors opened in Sengoku station, Takeshi was pushed by his aggressors in the opposite direction, away from the exit. He found himself cornered, his back against the closed door and them; facing him was the tall man that had originally gotten in his way: he seemed to be in his mid-forties and wore a wrinkled shirt and an old, worn out suit alongside black shades, which looked out of place with the rest of his outfit. The thin line of his mouth masked his true intentions, it was one of apathy, as if he was a normal commuter on his way back home to the office and not a lecherous pervert. He wasn't even looking directly at him, instead pretending to look out the window at something on the distance. The others around him looked younger and wore casual clothing, but they all had in common that they were using black shades, and no-one was looking directly at him.

The touching began anew as soon as the train started advancing once more. The new location allowed them to more directly access Takeshi's body, and very soon one of them began loosening his belt. Their victim looked around nervously past his attackers, searching for a shocked expression looking in his direction but he found nothing else but apathetic faces and vacant stares. It seemed everyone was lost in their own little world, unaware of his predicament.

Belt removed, his pants fell down a little, showing the corner of his blue boxers. This didn't go unnoticed by his aggressors, who wasted no time in getting their needy, grabby fingers down his pants to explore the area. The thin cotton of his boxer shorts was like a second skin on him, it barely protected him from the relentless attack of so many hands as the same time. This time, it felt the heat of their bodies almost directly touching him, grabbing him and rubbing his ass over his underwear. One of them used their middle finger to stretch the thin fabric into his asshole, although the tightness of the underwear didn't allow it to reach that far.

While all this was occuring on his backside, one other hand had made its way on the front, towards Takeshi's now swollen member. The fingers started played in the area, rubbing in small circles the cockhead over the underwear. Takeshi gasped and felt his knees slightly buckle under the unexpected sensations, and very soon a wet spot started forming down the front of his boxers, making the fabric transparent. He shriveled in his place, bending a little bit in an unconscious effort to make himself smaller and pushing out his ass back against the closed door in the process.

Hit attackers, however, far from giving him a respite doubled down on their attacks on him. They wanted more, and they would get it. It wasn't long before they started pulling down his pants, which without its belt didn't take long to fall down his ankles. In the very small space that Takeshi had to move he wasn't able to get down and pick them up, not to mention he was still being grabbed by his wrist.

The hands, which up until this moment had been content with heavy petting over what little clothes he still had on him, started their explorations into new frontiers in Takeshi's body. He closed down his eyes when the now warm hands slided down the elastic of his boxers and touched his ass directly, rubbing it in an obscene and rough way. He wanted to be far from here, anywhere else but here, he wanted it all to be over... but those around him had a very different idea.

One of the fingers, previously unsuccessful in its attempt to make its way down his warm entrance due to his underwear, once again started worming its way in between his cheeks to reach the pink opening. Takeshi would have jumped in his place had he been able to when he felt the strange digit touching him in a place no-one had in his entire life; he felt his face redden and heat up, almost as if radiating heat. The intruding finger started circling around his hole, pressing against it without actually entering it.

Abruptly, they removed the hands from inside his boxers and he was spun in place. His face was roughly pushed against the window on the door, leaving him facing the outside of the train card where only the tunnel walls could be seen. In this new position the hands grabbed and pinched his soft skin, making him yelp in protest. Two hands reached around to grab him by his chest and started squeezing it together, as if they were a girl's breast while someone else moved his hands up and down his ass, taking advantage of the new position, and yet another person groped his balls from behind, lightly exerting some pressure on them. One of the assailants, the one playing with his chest, brought his face near Takeshi's from behind and lewdly licked his earlobe, briefly introducing the wet organ into his ear much to Takeshi's great disgust. Attacked on all fronts, the victim squirmed, feeling violated.

The guy sucking on his ear backed off, and his victim felt someone else take his place. A metallic gleam caught Takeshi's attention, and he eyed nervously a pair of scissors wielded by someone behind him. Someone took hold of his shirt right where his left nipple was, and the scissors make a quick snip to the cloth; the operation was repeated on his right nipple, leaving two circular holes in his shirt that completely exposed his nipples. The new openings were immediately used by those surrounding him, grabbing, twisting and abusing his poor nipples.

Those focusing on his lower area had plans of their own. Having had enough of the boxer shorts, someone took hold of the back of them and started pulling, stretching the fabric to its limits until it started ripping with a loud sound that went unnoticed in the murmur of the crowded train. While its elastic stayed in place, Takeshi felt the rest of his underwear being ripped to shreds, causing his suddenly erect penis to jerk into freedom and some of his fresh precum to fall into the floor.

As the doors on the opposite side opened once more in a new station, a cold chill made its way inside, provoking shivers on the almost entirely naked boy. His pants was down his ankles, what remained of his underwear was little more than rags around his hips, and his shirt had holes in his nipples, exposing them obscenely. It was clear his tormentors had no regard for what they did to him, and yet the nightmare was not yet over.

Now that his ass was out in the open and completely unprotected it was attacked almost immediately from several of the guys at the same time; his ass was kneaded by so many pairs of hands he lost track of them, while some others slapped him or pinched him. He moaned in pain but made no further attempt to escape, knowing he had nowhere to go in his current state.

Someone took hold of his ass, opening it and exposing his pink hole to the libidinous stares of those around him; Takeshi tried supporting himself by putting the palms of his hands against the glass of the door, and in fear of what would happen tightened his sphincter, which did nothing to dissuade the abusers to explore the area no-one had before. One of them tried to introduce a finger well coated in saliva past his entrance, but the virgin entrance proved difficult to access. 

The finger backed down, and a cold, sticky liquid was poured right in the crack of the boy, just above his quivering hole. The substance made its way slowly down in-between the flesh moulds until it reached his anus, where it was crudely pushed inside of him by a fat index finger resuming its attack. The boy started to feel his resolution cracking; his entrance was not able to resist the assault as it had moments ago, and despite his efforts he could feel the digit wiggling inside of him, slowly, slowly entering even deeper inside. Very soon he could feel the knuckle against his entrance.

Takeshi tightened his jaw and clenched his eyes shut, trying once again to imagine he was someplace else doing anything else, but it was absolutely impossible: every hard thrust caused him sharp pain, bringing him back to reality in an instant. But at the very least the thick finger and the many groping hands had allowed the thought of being in a public space such as the subway to slip from his mind.

The finger picked up speed, thrusting in him with much more ease. Every once in a while he felt something inside that sent shivers down his spine. He was, to his horror, growing accustomed to the intrusion, finding that the pain was subsiding. He whimpered pathetically without knowing the worst was yet to come.

He was grateful when the fingers were removed from his hole, but his relief was short lived when he felt something thick and hot in his crack. He shuddered, as he knew exactly what it was, and yet he felt helpless, with no way of resisting what was coming for him. He trembled slightly and his teeth started chattering as the very hard cock lowered in between his cheeks and reached his orifice.

It wasn't an easy entry. His aggressor had coated his dick in the same lube applied to his asshole but the awkward position made it difficult to maneuver, so the man took hold of his own manhood with one hand to guide it to its objective while using his other hand to steady himself by grab the boy by his hip. Others were grabbing his ass, ensuring it was kept as open as possible for an easier entrance whilst at the same time groping him. 

Eventually, the cockhead found its way and started pressing against Takeshi's tight hole. Applying continuous pressure, the bulbous head started making its way inside of him, millimeter by millimeter, while the poor victim tightened his jaw in pain. Takeshi let out a scream of pain as the head of the not inconsiderable cock finally entered past his anal walls, a scream that was muted by a stranger's hand in his mouth.

Takeshi was jerked around by the man fucking him and the train's constant swaying. The man on top of him hadn't waited for him to get used to the size of his piece of meat, simply thrusting into him, picking up speed as he went. Takeshi felt himself gasping for breath but the hand covering his mouth made it hard for him to breath, his own dick had shrunk a little because of the sudden penetration although it was starting to harden once again, much to his chagrin, thanks to a helping hand and a sudden jolt of unexpected pleasure he got every now and then from inside of him.

Takeshi was overwhelmed by all the different stimulation he was receiving. He was mainly focused on his abused ass, but at the same time he was being jerked off, someone else was cupping his balls and others where pinching and pawing his nipples, now more sensitive than they had ever been before. His mind was a whirlwind of thoughts and feelings, half an hour ago he had been an inexperienced virgin student while now he was the victim of a gang of lecherous perverts, hell bent on using his bodyat their whim in the middle of a public place.

The train started slowing down as it arrived at its next station, but Takeshi barely registered the fact if at all.

The man penetrating him slowed down and started taking out his penis, leaving just the tip, and just as Takeshi started thinking he was about to take it out completely, the man jabbed forward, inserting the thick member all the way in and making the boy see stars. Takeshi's side of the face was pressed against the glass of the door and his hardening penis gave a little jerk. The man repeated the movement a couple of times more, leaving Takeshi breathless every time, hands pressed against the glass in an attempt for support.

To his absolute shame, his dick had hardened completely once again. Even worse, he felt the pleasure start to build more and more as his balls started retracting into his body. He was starting to lose himself in the sensations... 

A sudden flash of light made him open up his eyes. What he saw on the other side of the window horrorized him.

A group of persons were looking at him at the station in the opposite side of the train tracks. Most of them looked aghast, some with repulsion or with surprise. A group of teenagers were taking pictures using their cellphones, and at least one of them seemed to be recording his abuse while an old man yelled something he could not hear. They could only stand and watch while Takeshi was mercilessly sodomized by an stranger, his virginity taken in a public place in the middle of a crowd. But even Takeshi's horror was not enough to stop the sensations throughout his body, it was already too late as the constant stimulation intensified, those strange, new sensations from his ass which made him lose his breath and feel waves of pleasure like never before. With one more jab from the rock hard dick embedded in him he gasped, his eyes went white and right in front of his shocked audience he started cumming, shooting great amounts of semen against the window just as another train arrived in other station and the one they were on started moving again, shielding him from their penetrating stares.
