 Finding sex can be easy when you are bi-sexual. I realized I was bi in my early teens. I would find my older brother's porn stash, and get off to both the girls and the guys. I love all things about a beautiful women, but I found myself also turned on by the guys with their muscular bodies and big cocks. 

I had my first gay experience when I was just 18 years old. There was an old porn movie theater about 20 minutes from my house. I drove there one night and went in. I didn't really know what to expect once inside, but it didn't take long. I sat in the back row of the theater, and another guy quickly stood behind me. I could tell he was stroking his cock, which was such a turn on. He asked me to come stand next to him against the wall. Once there, I put my hand on his cock, which was the first cock I ever touched, except for my own. His dick wasn't huge, but it was thick. He gently pushed me down to my knees and put his cock to my lips. I took his cock in my mouth and quickly figured out what to do. I moved up and down with my mouth while stroking him with my hand. It didn't take long for him to moan and shoot his cum into my mouth. I swallowed it all and was hooked! I left the theater and knew I was hooked on cock!

Over the next few years I would go to various adult bookstores in the area to find a cock to suck. I became pretty picky about who I would hook up with, so I didn't suck as much as I would have liked. I eventually found a few gay hook up sites. Most of the guys on the site weren't really my type. I am in good shape, and also want someone who takes care of themselves. I eventually found an ad placed by a black guy in the city. I've sucked a few black guys and always got a little more turned on by a black dick. He had a picture of his body in the ad, and he was in great shape, almost like a bodybuilder. His add said he was a top with a 9.5 x 6 inch dick, so what more could I ask for. I sent him a quick message and got a reply later that day. We emailed back and forth over the next few days before we finally decided to meet the following day.

I arrived at his house and he quickly answered the door. He was hot! Not too tall, but thick and in good shape. We were both nervous and made some small talk before he asked to go upstairs. He had a porn movie on in his bedroom. It was a straight movie with a girl fucking a hung guy. He came over and put his arms around me and grinded up against my body. It felt great. I rubbed my hands over his back and down to his firm ass and he did the same to me. He then stepped back and said we should take our clothes off. I kept my eyes on him as he took off his shirt to revel his muscular body. He then pulled down his shorts and I saw a big bulge in his underwear. I also took off my clothes and was naked in front of him with my cock starting to get hard from the sight of him. I went over and touched him through his underwear and loved what I felt! His cock was big. I got down on my knees and slowly pulled his underwear down to revel his big uncut cock. It was long and thick, not sure I was 9.5 inches long, but it seemed as think as a soda can. I stroked his cock for a few seconds and then took him in my mouth. I never had a cock that big in my mouth. I slowly went up and down but was not able to get him all the way in. 

After a few minutes, he pulled back and had me stand up. He got on his knees and took my cock in his mouth. I have a nice dick, but nothing like his! He sucked me for a few minutes then turned me around and started playing with my asshole. That felt great! He used his tongue and fingers on my hole and slowly stuck in one of his fingers. It hurt a little but also felt really good. He then grabbed some lube and lathered up my hole and started fingering my little quicker. I've used a dildo on myself a few times, but that was the first time someone else had ever worked on my ass. 

After a few minutes he said he wanted to fuck me. He took out a magnum condom from his dresser and slid it over his huge cock. He then rubbed some more lube on his cock. I got on my hands and knees in front of him. He rubbed his cock on my asshole and slowly tried to push in, but it wouldn't fit. I tried to relax, but his cock was too big. I told him to sit on the edge of the bed and let me get on top. I thought It would be easier if I had more control. I faced away from him and moved toward his big cock. I rubbed the tip on my asshole for a few seconds and then gently pushed out to open up my hole and the tip of his cock started to slide in. It was a lot of cock and it hurt, but I went slow and continued to breath. I would stop every few seconds to get used to his size before going further. After a few minutes, I was all the way down and had his big dick all the way inside. The pain went away and turned into ecstasy! I started to move up and down in his huge cock, going faster and faster.

He then wanted to take over, so I got back on all fours and he entered me from behind. He didn't have any problems getting in this time. He turned aggressive and asked how I liked his big black cock in my ass. I said, "I love it"! I really did! He started to really fuck me know, thrusting his big cock in and out of my tight ass. I could feel his balls slapping ass on each thrust. I could hear him starting to grunt and moan and could tell he was really close. I told him I wanted him to cum in my mouth, so he pulled out and pulled the condom off and stuck his big cock in my mouth. I sucked him for a few seconds. "I'm gonna cum", he said and shot stream after stream of hot cum into my mouth. I swallowed every drop! I kept his cock in my mouth as he started to get soft, and then licked the remaining drops of cum from the head. 

I then started to really stroke my cock and was ready to cum. He laid next to me and I laid back and shot huge load all over my chest. It was one of the best orgasms of my life! We stayed there for a few minutes to calm down. I kept looking at his body and cock and couldn't believe I had that inside me. He then got me a towel to clean up and then I left.

That was our first meeting. We sucked and fucked a lot over the next few years until he finally moved. That was a few years ago, and I haven't fucked anyone since, but I am still looking!