 For whatever reason, I haven't hooked up with many black men. I've fellated over 300 men in my life and perhaps three of them were black. I'm not sure why this is the case. I have no preference for any race -- if you are clean and have a nice cock, I don't care what color you are -- I'll drop down to my knees and give you the best blowjob of your life.

I've been sucking cock for almost twenty years, and through all that time I look essentially the same. I have a little less hair, but at 39 I can still pass for a student. I'm 5'7" and am slim at 150 lbs. I keep myself in shape with Yoga and Pilates. I have boyish South Asian features, full soft lips, large eyes and long eye lashes. I generally don't have difficulty finding nice cock to suck.

One of my cruising grounds is an old bathhouse that's about a half an hour drive from my house. I don't go there that often, as it is run down and kind of a dump. Also, unlike most bathhouse, it closes at 11pm every night. I hadn't been there in sometime, so one boring Saturday night I gave it a shot.

I got there around 8:30 or so and found that it was mostly empty. I suppose so close to closing, most people were on their way out. I wandered the halls for some time but found no prospects, so I settled in a television lounge area and watched a movie.

As the movie was ending, the place was now virtually empty. There were two staff members who were cleaning up, and one other gentleman who was watching the movie with me. They all happened to be black.

With hardly anyone here, there was no need to be modest. Both myself and the other remaining patron were watching the movie in the nude, having dropped our towels long ago. He was sitting next to me on a couch and I couldn't help but admire him. He was in his 30s I would guess, slim and fit. He wore glasses and had a kind demeanor. And his cock was lovely -- a good six inches limp. 

I reached over to stroke him. He turned to me and smiled as I leaned my body into his -- kissing his soft black lips and then working my way down his muscular chest and tight stomach. Soon enough, I found myself on my knees devouring his manhood -- now a beautiful thick eight inches. 

While looking up at my new friend, I licked him from his lovely taint, up through his balls and then all the way up his long cock. His balls were as beautiful as his cock, and I loved the feel of each of his testicles in my mouth. With one of his balls in my mouth, I saw the two staff members out of the corner of my eye. 

Normally, they don't allow sexual activity out in the open, but with only the four of us here, they didn't seem to care. In fact, they were enjoying the show.

And knowing that they were watching turned me on even more. I became even more enthusiastic in my fellatio -- licking, sucking and stroking like a porn star while gyrating my ass enticingly. The audience seemed to approve -- I felt a hard cock at my asshole. I turned around and the two men were standing behind me -- naked and erect. They were both beautiful black men -- tall, fit, and hung! 

I now found myself in heaven -- on my knees surrounded by three big beautiful black cocks. These men took charge of me -- two of them sitting on the couch in front of me feeding me their cocks while the other one prepared my ass for fucking. He lubed me up slowly and thoroughly with his fingers. With two cocks in my mouth, I could feel his cock head entering me. It was glorious.

The next couple of hours became a round robin sex marathon! There were always two cocks in front of my face and one cock in my ass, with all three men taking turns. I took a load in my ass and a load in my mouth from each man. 

My new friends were certainly virile -- after two hours and two loads each, all of them were still rock hard and ready for more action. They laid me down on my back and surrounded my face with their cocks. They slapped my face with their beautiful penises -- and I loved every minute of it. 

They each stroked their magnificent manhoods above me and I opened my mouth wide to receive every ounce of their juice. One by one they took turns -- guiding their cum into my mouth. I was careful not to swallow at first, letting each load accumulate in my mouth.

When all three loads were in my mouth, I stood up and opened my mouth wide showing my black friends all the cum pooled onto my tongue. And with one big gulp I swallowed it all. It was the perfect finale to one of the most sexually exciting nights of my life.