 4-28-15

One

Amazingly enough, the sun was shining outside.

And I didn't mind that one little bit. We didn't get enough days like that. Although I loved the cool green damp of the typical northern coast in the City, my body occasionally craved the sunshine, even if my eyes weren't used to the shock.

Sunshine.

Rest and relaxation.

It's why we were here.

Bay City wasn't Maui or Tuscany or Acapulco, but it would do. Close enough to drive to and far enough away from the City to relax. Get away from our usual haunts and our usual work and just spend some quality time together.

Andy stirred against my side, drawing my attention away from the sunlight streaming in through the curtains. He made little comfortable sleepy noises and clutched my arm against his chest while his cute firm little fanny rubbed against my hip. Him and his cute little fanny could distract me from anything and frequently did. My partner was not at all above using that sweet body in his relentless pursuit of making me both healthy and relaxed.

I didn't mind that at all, either.

Leaning over, I kissed the top of his head and whispered into his hair.

"Love you, sweet boy."

"Mmmmm..." He sighed happily in his sleep again and squeezed my arm.

While we lay there cuddled together in the morning sun my mind briefly wandered back home. Through the door of our building and up the stairs. Past our office and up to the apartment. Around the bed and to the dresser.

Third drawer down. Where I kept my t-shirts.

Hidden in a corner was a small velvet box.

Two silver rings inside. One of which had an inscription.

Simply, it said "He gave me a smile I could feel in my hip pocket."

The misquotation was a little obscure, but I figured if anybody would get it, Andy would.

Just waiting for the perfect moment. I hoped it came soon.

I was ready.

The sunlight was making the entire room ablaze in bright yellow colors.

It looked like it was going to be a pretty day.

Two

Naked.

I wasn't... far from it. But I sure felt that way.

While I wasn't averse to being naked around Andy at any given time of day or night... as a matter of fact if I was in the same room with him it was how I wanted to be... I was not used to this feeling out in public.

I had no hat. No coat. No gun slung under my shoulder. Not even my backup piece strapped around my ankle.

All I was wearing was sweatpants and a t-shirt and running shoes.

Considering the amounts of people I saw in shorts and sandals I was actually a lot more dressed than most of the beach-side crowd.

But I still felt goddamn naked.

And old and tired and creaky. I raised my hands in surrender.

"I give up, Andy. I'm done." Breathing heavily, I leaned against one of the weighted trash cans at the edge of the sand to try and catch my breath. One by one I slipped off my sneakers and dumped the sand out of them. I could feel my hip and my back protesting as I moved.

Despite my protests, it had actually been a really good morning so far. This first day of our vacation. My lover, partner and best friend in the world had awakened with a smile when I had returned to the room with a carafe of fresh coffee and two cups. After I had poured us each a cup and returned to bed he'd given me a long lingering kiss and slipped first his hand then his head down under the covers not to resurface again until I had filled his mouth with my prick and his belly with as much of my come as I could produce.

The coffee had cooled considerably by the time we returned to it, but neither of us minded.

Back home in the City we would have retired downstairs to the gym in the bottom floor of "our" building for our morning workout. Absent that amenity, Andrew decided a long run along the beach would be ideal. I will admit I did love running with him. He had such a sweet athletic body I just loved watching him move. My mind would just drift away watching the muscles under his skin flex and flow and stretch. A blissful nirvana which took my mind off the fact I was a decade older and a lot more banged up than he was.

But three miles along the beach was enough for me. I'd kept up for the two miles up and half the way back before all the broken bits of my body held together with screws and plates began to scream in protest. Being the professional he was and the considerate lover he was, Andy just slipped my arm around his shoulders and we walked back to the little bed and breakfast where we were staying and plopped me down in a steaming hot bathtub to help me relax again.

It worked. Even if the tub wasn't big enough for two. Andy brought in a low stool and sat beside the tub, his fingertips playing along the skin of my arm and shoulder and occasionally up into my hair while I soaked.

"Happy, lover?" I opened one eye and glanced at him.

"The day started out well, for sure. If you're done trying to kill me now, I'm sure it will get even better." He smirked and pinched my ear, then leaned over and kissed the side of my head.

"My poor old grumpy bear. If you're that worn out already I'll just sleep on the couch tonight and let you get some rest."

"Now you're just talking crazy." He laughed.

It was a good day.

We'd done all the touristy stuff. Walked the boardwalk. Gone to the antique stores. Fed the seagulls. Found a little Mom n' Pop restaurant which wasn't half bad at all for lunch. In a thrift store I found an old leather jacket which actually fit me. It was long and had eleven freaking pockets. I loved it.

Twenty bucks. Imagine that.

On our journey we had noticed a "retro music" store on the corner. My lover was inside losing his mind. Andy loved the old hair bands of the 80's and was happily adding to his collection. For his birthday this year I had managed to find him a rebuilt turntable stereo and some really good speakers to indulge his mania.

Me, I didn't care much for the music.

But I did love watching him dance.

God, he was hot... The guy in the record store had put on a Bon Jovi album and I watched through the window as Andy bumped his sweet ass from rack to rack while he shopped. Just watching him move made my blood pressure do some wild things.

Suddenly there was a commotion.

"Look out!"

"Move!"

"Stop!!"

I slipped sideways around the corner. My instincts took over and everything slowed down to a crawl.

Young guy. Mid 30's. Unshaven. Olive complexion. Maybe five six and one thirty. Running pell mell down the sidewalk trying not to lose a small backpack over one shoulder. Four more men behind him, running just as fast. The two in front wore black BDU's and boots like they were SWAT and the two behind were Bay City cops, running with their hands on their duty belts.

Half a second to decide. No contest.

My arm came up, forearm catching the guy just under his chin. I got to see the surprised look on his face as his feet left the ground and he ran in midair for a fraction of a second before my other hand gripped his shoulder and I brought him crashing to the sidewalk flat on his back. Luckily for him the backpack kept his head from hitting the concrete solidly but the impact still knocked him completely silly.

By the time the four chasing him caught up I'd rolled him face down with one arm in a hammerlock and I'd patted him down for weapons. Except for whatever might be in the backpack, he was clean.

"Thanks, pal. I got him." One of the cops put a knee in the guys back and cuffed him after tossing the backpack to his partner.

The taller of the two dressed in black pointed to the man on the ground.

"That's our collar, Mac. Make sure it goes in your report." The cop pulling the shaken suspect to his feet grinned and hooked a thumb in my direction.

"Looks more like it's his to me..." I raised my hands and shook my head.

"Just try to help out here, fellas. This is your show, not mine." A police cruiser had pulled up the the curb and the man was being shoved in the back seat. "Desperate criminal, was he?" The other officer opened up the pack and showed me the contents. It was stuffed full of hundred dollar bills. All neatly bundled and brand new, from the look of them. He shook his head.

"Just a jackass, mostly. This idiot managed to print off a lot of these on his computer and was passing them all over town. Mostly to the tourists." He shook his head. "Hundreds. What an idiot."

"It's still our collar, MacDonald..." The officer waved a hand and chuckled.

"Yeah yeah yeah... And you're still a pain in my ass, Dex."

The younger of the two dressed in BDU's came up and offered me his hand. His grip was firm and strong. A second glance was well worth the effort. He was cute. Maybe five feet tops with a firm compact body, dark brown hair and soft brown eyes.

"Thanks for your help. Turns out he was... a little faster than we thought. I'm Michael Bernstein. This grumpy looking character is my partner, Dexter Ford." He tossed a thumb over his shoulder at the taller lankier guy with a scar running across his face. One hand dipped in a pocket and slipped me a business card. "You ever need a private detective, call us."

It was a nice card. Professional. I grinned as I read it then reached for my own wallet. As I did, a hand I would recognize anywhere landed on my shoulder. I traded cards with the smaller guy.

"Alex Cable." I tipped my head to the side. "My partner, Andy Jones. You guys ever find yourself in the City, call us. Deal?" Michael laughed as he read our card.

"Deal."

Three

It was nice meeting some professionals. It was even nicer knowing locals. Michael and Dex knew a great place for dinner.

It was dark and done in that weird old Spanish conquistador style which had been so popular back in the late 60's. Lots of black painted wood and fake swords and simulated square nails and dark leather.

Plus they had a prime rib which would practically melt in your mouth.

Dinner had been mostly shop talk and war stories. Dex gave us an abbreviated version of how he got the scar which ran from the bridge of his nose almost to his ear and I told the tale of how I ended up with medical retirement from the City force. About halfway through dessert Andy had brought up the subject of facial recognition and when Michael brought out his laptop he moved to put their heads together and they began talking in geek speak which neither Dex nor I understood. I'd made my partner leave his own computer at home and he was... appropriately... jonesing.

While we were out in the open about who we were what was left on the table unspoken was exactly what we were. Though it had been quite apparent from the touches and the looks shared during the meal we were definitely couples. The only one who had made any sort of commentary was the waitress who silently shook her head and seemed to think life was patently unfair.

Me, I was pretty happy with it.

Dex seemed as well contented with his lot in life.

We sat and sipped our beer and watched the lads chatter over the laptop screen.

"Like kids on Christmas morning." He chuckled and nodded.

"We may have created a monster." I nodded back and sat my bottle on the table.

"How did you two meet?"

"Walked into the wrong bar at the right time." A flicker of a fond smile crossed his lips. "I thought it was going to be my last case. Turns out I was wrong." He shot me a look. "And you?"

"My physical therapist. The best in the business. He doesn't look it, but he can be one bossy little man. Never lets me rest for a minute."

"Wanna trade?"

"Not for a million bucks."

"Me neither, pal. Me neither."

Four

Soft, soft lips.

Soft, sweet, wonderful, kissable lips pressed against mine and strong arms around my neck.

Best dessert ever.

I was reclined against a small mountain of pillows and my lover was sitting astride my hips while I lost myself in his kiss and his touch. Andrews hard prick was rubbing against my belly and mine was trapped between those amazingly soft and equally hard ass cheeks of his.

He pulled back and whispered into my lips.

"You were amazing, Alex."

"I haven't done anything yet." He chuckled and kissed me again.

"I meant capturing the counterfeiter. Like a ninja." I snorted.

"Pssshhht... More like a linebacker." Hips flexed and he rubbed himself against me in many exciting ways. The worlds most perfect ass rubbed up and down the shaft of my prick and I could feel a sticky trail of precome everywhere my meat touched him as well as the one he was leaving on my belly.

"My big tough studmuffin detective. Capturing criminals even on vacation. I can't take you anywhere." He smiled into my lips again. "My superhero." Andy looked up into my eyes as my hands roamed up and down his back, reveling in the feel of his muscles.

"I want you so bad, Alex. I always do." I groaned a little at his words. He always knew the right things to say.

"And I want you, Andrew Jones. Now, forever and always." It was his turn to groan as he lifted himself up and reached between our bodies. I was so hard I felt like a bar of heated steel as his fingers gripped my shaft and pulled the head of my prick between his cheeks. A soft gasp and another groan as the tip of my cock settled at his entrance and he slowly lowered himself down. That tight little ring of muscle resisted as always and only slowly gave way to the relentless pressure until he gave a soft cry as I slipped inside his tight wonderful ass.

Never ever in my life had anything felt as good as Andy did. Especially when I was inside him. I marveled at and enjoyed every single inch until his thighs settled atop mine and I was fully inside. He panted softly and rested his forehead against my chest, a little shiver running through his body which made mine tingle all over. My lovers body gripped me inside of him like he never wanted to let me go.

That was fine with me.

"God... Andy, I love being inside you. I never want to be anywhere else and I never want to do anything in my life other than make love to you." He gasped softly and I felt him squeeze me even tighter, which I didn't think was possible. A tender little kiss dripped from his lips to land on my chest.

I slipped my hand in between our bodies and wrapped my fingers around his hard meat. My thumb made a little circle on the head of his prick, aided by the copious flow of slippery fluid leaking from the tip. Andrew had opened his mouth to say something but at my touch all that came out was a long shuddering moan and his eyes rolled back up in his head. He bucked his hips hard against my lap and let out a cry and suddenly my fingers were coated with his warm sticky happiness.

Mercy... the boy was a little tightly wrapped tonight.

I don't think he'd ever come that fast for me before.

I liked it.

My thumb kept up a steady motion while he gulped and wriggled and gasped in my lap, that delightful little bottom of his squeezing my meat as he sat impaled. Once the flow of his joy had slowed to a trickle, I transferred my grip down to his shaft and held him tight while my other hand went to his chin, tipping it back so I could see his eyes.

My lovers eyes were only half open and glazed a bit with lust. I gave his prick a little bit of a squeeze, making him hiccup and squeak.

"You came for me, beautiful man."

"Mmmm... yes... aaahhh... yes, I did, Alex... I... mmmm..."

"Now I want you to do it again..." Slowly I began stroking him and moving my hips just a little, moving my prick in and out of the most amazing ass ever created.

"Ohhh... Oooohhh... god... yes, Alex." Andys arms tightened around my neck and he began moving with me, both up and down on my cock and pumping himself into my fist. It felt as if there were another fist inside of him wrapped around my prick stroking me while I stroked him on the outside. He was using those wonderful internal muscles to his full advantage, squeezing me on the outstroke and relaxing on the in with an amazing little wiggle somewhere in the middle which made my hair stand on end.

In my seated posture I really couldn't move much more than my hips and those just a few inches, but it was one of our favorite positions. Letting Andy do "all of the work" as he put it on those times when I was just supposed to relax and enjoy. But making love to my best friend never allowed me the option to just lay back. I always wanted to put my best into it each and every time and this one was no exception. My free hand went to his sweet butt and clutched him in my fingers as I used the grip for leverage to pump up into him while he bounced up and down. The hand gripping his cock slipped up and down in the sticky mess between us and my fingertips played across the head as it slid in and out of his foreskin.

He'd never even really gone soft after his first orgasm and the recuperative powers of the young were often quite startling. Just another thing I loved about him. He made me feel like the superhero he claimed I was. Very little in my life made me prouder than keeping this young beautiful amazing man hard and wanting.

My prick swelled even larger and I could feel myself coming very rapidly to the edge. As much as we both would probably enjoy one of those epic fifteen or twenty minute porn film fucks the truth was I always had to bite my lip to keep from coming almost as soon as I was inside of him. The little gasps and moans and whines which were coming form his mouth as well as the way his movements got shorter and shorter told me Andy was also getting close again.

It took a second to realize what he has gasping in my ear were words, they were little more than breaths against my skin.

"Come in me... come in me... come come come in me... oooohhh please..."

Well, that did it.

My hand clamped down on his ass cheek and the other on his cock as my vision grayed out and the whole world went away in a raging maelstrom of pleasure. I think I cried out his name, but I wasn't quite sure and the way his ass rippled around my prick just made the waves wash over and over me. At the same time my love cried out and his whole body spasmed as he sat astride my hips. His delightful bottom clamped down, making it hard to breathe and the very edge of my consciousness noted yet another wave of sticky mess sliding down over my fingers and all over my belly down into my crotch.

I kept my fingers moving slowly against his member, making him twitch and squeak until we finally crawled to a stop. Andy lay his head against my collarbone and we panted together in the aftermath of our lovemaking.

God... that was good.

From between our exhausted bodies came a wet sticky sound and I could feel my hand covered with his fluids all the way up past my wrist.

Parting my lips I said "We need a cleanup on aisle three please..."

From somewhere around the vicinity of my chest I heard a tired but very contented giggle.

Five

He was giving me the look.

You know which one.

If you have ever been with a partner of any sex who occasionally did or said things "for your own good" then you knew which look he was giving me.

The look which said "You're supposed to be on vacation, Alex. Relaxing. Not working."

Then he actually said it.

"Alex, you're supposed to be on vacation. Taking a break, not working." Poor Michael waved his hands and looked distressed. Dex stood by the door trying to do his best stone faced trained killer look with only a raised eyebrow.

"Hey guys, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to cause you any trouble. We just thought... I mean... Ummm..." Michael looked down at the ground for a moment then said "We could kind of use the help."

That did it, of course. The love of my life couldn't walk away from someone in need if his life depended on it. Andrew was such a healer it was a part of his soul. Hell, he'd saved my life in more ways than one and I didn't want to do anything to change that part of him.
