 Since that day last week I had been dreaming of returning. He had left me hanging there, cum filled pants with cum dripping off my face. I had hung there for about ten minutes, half fearing, half hoping that someone else would come and use me.

In the end no one came and I managed to free myself and clean myself up. That wasn’t easy and I had to travel home commando. I made a note to bring a rucksack next week with a clean up kit as well as the items master had told me to bring.

When I got home I had a long hot bath in my flat. As I lay in the bath thinking about the day I felt my cock growing again and my hand strayed to it to rub it. I needed to cum again just thinking about my new found dominant.

Then I remembered what he had said to me.

“You will not cum unless I say so. Give me your mobile number so I may ring you when I wish. I may phone you and order you to masturbate. It… amuses me.”

That was the last thing he had said to me and the last thing I had said to him was my mobile number.

That was Saturday. Today was Wednesday and I had heard nothing.

Until now. The mobile began to ring. I grabbed it and listened.

“Is that you slut?”

I felt my cock stir and begin to rise. “Yes master.”

“Good. Strip naked now.”

I put down the phone and was naked in record time. My cock was quivering as I picked up the phone again.

“Are you ready for Saturday?”

“Oh yes – I will have everything you said and I will be there at the time you said.”

“Good. You may cum now. Get a glass and cum into it”

I rushed to the kitchen, the phone against my cheek listening, afraid to miss anything. I picked up a clean wine glass.

“I have the glass master”

“Then what are you waiting for. I gave you a command. Do not act slovenly again.”

“No master”. I started to rub my cock. I knew it would not be long before I came. I was as hot as hell and I could feel the excitement coming off my glans in waves.

“Are you cumming?” he asked

His voice sent me over the edge and it was all I could do to point my streaming weapon into the glass. It pumped out thick creamy jism and long strands stuck to the inside of the glass.

My pants must have been heard because he said, “I take it you have cum. Good now drink it”

Now usually, when I cum I lose a lot of the erotic feeling and everything returns to normal as I come down off my testosterone high.

This time though I was still as sexually excited even though I had cum. With shaky hands I picked up the glass and put it to my lips. I knew what cum tasted like – I had drunk enough in my time, but this was the first time I had drunk my own.

I tasted it and it was similar to all the other I had ever swallowed, except this time I was being told to drink it and this made me hard again.

I finished the cum and said “I have drunk it master”

“Good. No more cumming until I say so. Otherwise you will be punished. I will know if you lie. Understood?”

“Yes master” was my meek reply. I wanted to wank now but knew I would not. I would save it until he wanted it.

Normally I wank at least once a day, usually twice, if I’m not getting my rocks off with another person, male or female. Now I was celibate until told otherwise. Still I was going shopping for what master had told me tomorrow – that was something to look forward to.

The next day I was in town and approached the lingerie shop with some excitement. I entered the shop and went to talk to the woman behind the counter. She was about 35 years old and attractive. She had shoulder length blonde hair in a bob and electric blue eyes. Her figure was full but not overly so.

She was wearing a thin top tautly pulled over 34d breasts and I could see the outline of her nipples through them. Her skirt was short and tight and covered a lovely bottom. The heels on her ankle length boots were 3”.

“I want some underwear and pull up stockings please” I said

“Certainly sir and what size is the lady who will be wearing it?”

I had instructions about this and was ready although I was extremely nervous. “They are for me. My master says that they should be reasonably tight and show off my taut bottom. The pull ups should leave a stretch of creamy thigh between my panties and their top.”

She looked at me. A look of surprise, then surmise. “Certainly sir, if you would like to come through to the back where it is more discreet and we can kit you out.”

“Thank you “I replied nervously as we went to a room at the back of the shop. She went away and came back in short order. I half expected giggling assistants to be with her, but saw none. Thank goodness I had approached her!

Having said that, if my master asked me to explain what had happened I speculated that he would make me ask a young girl next time. Humiliation is as erotic as sex sometimes and submissives love to be humiliated.

She showed me a gorgeous pair of pink panties in the 18-20 size range – they were great. They would hug me and my bottom and my cock so that it all showed through.

She looked me in the eye and said “would sir like to try them on?”

I tried to say no, I really did, but the look in her eye reminded me of my new found master. “yes” I murmured “could I try some pull ups as well please?”

“But of course. Would you like sandals as well?” she said with a wicked gleam in her eye.

“Do you sell them?” I said “that would be great”

“Of course, you try those on and I will get the sandals and pull ups”.

I quickly pulled off my shoes and socks and took off my pants and pulled on the panties. The silky feel was so nice that I immediately had a hard on. At that point the woman arrived back in. She looked a little flushed. Sexually flushed? I think so!

“Here are the pull ups” – lovely ones, very sheer with a very slight pattern. I pulled them up on each leg that had been shaved especially that morning. If anything my cock grew stiffer in the panties. I looked up at her and she was looking straight at my cock.

“Nice fit” she said haughtily. “Now put these on”. It was an order. I liked the sound of it. I bent down and put the first sandal on and tightened the strap. It had a 2” heel. It felt like a great fit. I looked up to compliment her and saw that she had moved forward to stand right in front of me. So close that my forehead brushed the cool linen of her skirt.

I looked up and saw that she was very excited. Her face was flushed and she had a cruel smile on her face.

“Put the other one on you little slut, then take your T shirt off.”

Quickly I put on the other sandal and slipped off my T shirt.

“Stay kneeling” she said “and pull up my skirt”

I grabbed the hem of her skirt and pulled it up inch by precious inch. As I did each inch of thigh was revealed and I became more and more excited. As I approached the moment when her mons would be revealed she said “stop”

Hiding my disappointment I looked up at her. “Does your master allow you to cum?” she asked

“Only when he says” I replied

“And does he say you can come today in here?”

I bowed my head and shook it.

“Shame, still I take it there is nothing against me cumming”

I looked up, licked my lips and said “I have no orders to that effect mistress.”

“Good, continue to lift my skirt”

I lifted it further and her shaved labia came into view. The pussy lips were already blooming open like roses first thing in the morning. They were a delicious pale flesh colour. I pushed the skirt up as far as it would go and she grabbed it and stuck the hem in the waistband.

Then she turned round and bent over and opened her legs. “Rim me” she said in an authoritative voice. “Lick my arse and make sure you get your tongue in there”

I needed no second bidding and I pulled open the delicious cheeks. I could see her puckered anus and fell in love with it. I leaned forward and pushed my tongue into it and rolled it about.

“NNNGGGG” she said “that’s good – keep going”

I needed no encouragement and lapped contentedly at her hole for about 5 minutes. Suddenly, it must have been too much for her because she turned around and pushed her cunt into my face and grabbed the back of my head.

“Now lick me out” she whispered viciously “or I’ll send you out in the shop dressed like that. Now do as you are told slut”

Her hands pushed me into her waiting labia and I stuck my tongue in her slit and ran it up and down until I found her clit. She was sopping wet and I found my face was being covered with her juices. She ground her crotch against me and I licked her clit until I could feel her shudder and her orgasm arrive. It was all I could do to stop myself from cumming.

Then she pulled away and pulled her dress down. “get dressed and pay for the goods to Rachel outside.” I want your slut arse out of here.”

“Yes mistress” was all I could say.

Quickly I took off the clothes and put on my own and went out to pay. Rachel was a 20 year old stunner who was smirking at me as I paid for the goods.

“I hope you enjoyed your visit sir, I saw what went on.”

“What” was all I could say 

“Oh yes, madam lets us watch the cross dressers slobber over her”

I picked up my goods and left. Not because of embarrassment but because if I did not leave I would be disappointing my master by cumming.

The days passed slowly to Saturday but eventually 3pm came round and I found myself in the clearing where I had been made to perform oral sex on the old man.

I was 30 minutes early and prepared myself. I was not worried if anyone came in – I had clear instructions from my master for that eventuality.

First I stripped naked. Then I put on the stockings and the panties and then the sandals. I felt deliciously naughty. I hoped my master would appreciate the stark difference between my shaven head and the women’s clothes that covered my lower body.

I then took out a piece of string. My master would be here in the next ten minutes and I must be ready. I pulled the panties down and took my turgid cock in my hand. I pulled back the foreskin and tied the soft but thin string around my glans just under the head. Then I put it down through the panties and walked over to a tree and tied the string to the tree. Above me a branch beckoned. The same one that the previous week I had been punished on.

The string was long enough for me to lay down or kneel but would not let me walk far. Then I got the soft leather belt I had and tied it to the branch. The final piece was to put my hands into the loop and tie myself up.

I waited in nervous anticipation. Someone could come in and take me there and then. My master had said if this happened I was to let them do whatever they liked but not to cum over me or in me. I was on fire, thinking of 4 different men wanking over my scantily clad body.

Apart from the sexual feelings I had I was also now getting a strong urge to pee. Master had told me to drink 4 pints of water 1 hour before I arrived and not to pee until he said so. I hoped he wanted me to pee my panties. It was a huge humiliating turn on for me to do it. I had never done it before and looked forward to the experience.

I could feel every part of my body. My anus tingled where I had taken an enema not 2 hours ago. It was not lubed – those were not the instructions – but I had lube in my pack – those were the instructions.

I could feel my penis like never before, pressed against the silky softness of the panties, the exposed glans rubbing and constantly stimulating me because the foreskin was not allowed to come back to its natural position.

I could feel the elastic of the hold ups clinging to my upper thighs and I rubbed my thighs together to create a stimulating warmth.

The sandals were comfortable and easy to wear with only a 2” heel and I felt that they showed off my good legs to advantage.

The sun was shining down through the branches and the day was lusciously warm.

And I was 5 minutes away from meeting my new dom.

The 5 minutes dragged by. Time slowed. I was aware of everything in the clearing. The sun shining on the rhodie leaves, the soft mulch underfoot, my breathing shallow but fast.

And there he was. Dressed much as last week. Five feet eleven inches, about 55 years old. Bulkier than me but not fat. He was dressed in designer shorts and a quality polo shirt with designer walking sandals, the type you only get in the more expensive stores. He was wearing mirror sunglasses and I could not see his eyes.

He stood there looking at me, taking in my self made predicament. I imagined his eyes drifting over my body, taking in the belt holding my arms over my head, the string trailing from in my panties to the tree and the patently female attire that I had on my lower body.

He must have stood there for ten minutes staring at me. I imagined he was deciding and I lived in dread of him walking away and leaving me there. What would I do? I had never felt this way about another man before. My cock also was telling me how excited I was. Yes so was my bladder. Oh I could pee my panties for this man.

He walked around me , looking at me from every angle, taking in my all but naked body, at one point kneeling down and staring at my buttocks, my small round bottom I was so proud of.

Then he came up behind me and I could feel his breath on my shoulder. I shuddered at the eroticism of that one breath.

“You look acceptable” he breathed in my ear. 

I felt heady. Acceptable! I had passed my first test! Room for improvement, I could do better, I may get punished, but he was not dumping me out of hand. I felt my cock swell further in the grip of the soft white string.

“Thank you master” I breathed

“Did I ask you to talk? Did I ask you to open your slutty mouth? you talk when I say. Do you understand?”

I nodded, nothing else. I could not have done anything else. I cannot remember a time when I was so sexually excited in my whole life. I stayed as still as I could lest I annoy him further.

“Better” he said “Now get on your knees.”

He undid the belt and let me get to my knees on the soft earth. Then he took the belt and tied my hands up in front of me. He walked three paces away from me and stood there. Then he took his cock out.

My eyes riveted on it. It was the centre of my universe, that weapon. I wanted nothing more than to open my mouth and let him push it in. 

It was magnificently erect. Circumcised with a gorgeous bulbous head that would fill my mouth. It was long enough to make me gag as well. Well it would have been had I not done all the practice on bananas so that I could control my gag reflex.

Slowly, he rubbed his hand up and down the 8” length of his beautiful weapon. I could not take my eyes of it. I wanted it, lusted after it. It would be my job to satisfy my master sexually and this was the centrepiece of his lust for control of me.

I licked my lips as his hand made it’s slow route up and down the length of his gorgeous penis. Every time it got to the top, he would rub his palm around it. 

Then I saw it, a drop of pre-cum appeared on the end, in the slit. I poked my tongue out hopefully, hoping against hope that he would say that I could lick it off.

He looked down, then at me. “Come and get it if you want it. If you can”

Eagerly, I moved forward my tongue already out to gather the dew drop of pearlescence on the end of his beautiful weapon. Only to be brought up short by the string. My mouth was a good 4” short of his cock.

“Uuugghhh” was all I could say as I strained and stretched my cock until it hurt to get to his cock. But to no avail, I was still 4” short. Something which he had obviously planned for.

He wiped the pearly drip off his cock and flicked it onto the floor. I licked my lips as I saw it fly and hit the dirt.

At this point , a man walked into the clearing. Middle aged wearing only a pair of shorts, through which a truly gorgeous cock jutted. I would guess that he had been watching from the sidelines and that is why he was so erect.

“Please carry on” he said “it’s rare to see such obedience.”

“Thank you” my master replied. “Are you looking for oral relief?”

“That would be nice” the man said.

My master turned to me and explained in quiet terms what he expected of me. I was excited, but also a little disappointed a s I could not see myself having master’s cock in my mouth today. He would not let me suck him if I had already sullied my mouth with someone else’s cum.

“The slut will service you, won’t you Sarah?”

Sarah. There he had given me a name. a demeaning name as it was female. But I thrilled to the sound of it and knew I would always respond to it. As did he.

“Yes master” I replied and explained to the man what I had been told to do.

“Unusual” he said. Have you done it before?” I shook my head. “Then you had better get it right or you may be punished”.

He moved forward and dropped his shorts and I saw his weapon at close quarters. It was massive, 10” long and very thick. He was uncircumcised, this was good or I could not perform this particular variation of oral sex on him.

He was obviously in a hurry because he cam forward and shoved it into my mouth and pushed it down my throat until I was gagging. I made myself relax and started to lick the underside of his cock with my tongue. He grabbed my ears and pulled his cock out right to the edge of my lips and then plunged it in again. I gagged as it hit the back of my throat, but I had timed my breath well, so I could keep him there.

Again and again he took it right out to the edge of my mouth and plunged it back in again, careless of what it was doing to me. But then it did not really matter. I was just there to service him. What I wanted or did not want did not matter.

Eventually he stopped with just his huge glans in my mouth. “I can feel I am going to cum soon, slutty Sarah. Just lick and suck my bell end. I leave it to you to judge when I am cumming. You are an experienced slut so you will know.”

Indeed I did. I had lost count of the amount of cocks I had sucked in my time and the amount of cum I had drunk.

I rimmed around his glans, making sure that I held it all in my mouth and slurped and sucked the glans. This seemed to turn him on a lot as he started to groan and began to push about four of his ten inches faster and faster into my eager, willing mouth.

I could feel he was about to explode and judged it perfectly. As he came, I pulled him out of my mouth and pulled his foreskin back over his bulbous and engorged glans. As he shot his load, it built up under his foreskin as I held it closed. This is known as ‘the ice cream cone’. The reason for this would be come clear in a minute as I had no intention of wasting his cum.

As his flow slowed down, I stopped pinching his foreskin shut and cum shot out of it like he was still ejaculating. I hungrily swallowed the sticky jism until the flow stopped. Then I pulled back the foreskin and the reason for the name was clear. His glans was covered in a layer of cum.

I looked at my master and he nodded. I licked the cum of the man’s bell end in long sweeping licks. I felt him shudder as I licked great gobs off and made sure that I had missed none.

When I had finished I felt his hand caress my face. “You’ve got a natural here” he aid to my master. “If you ever tire of him, let me know.”

And with that he was gone leaving me and my master in the clearing on our own again.

“Be here next week. These are your instructions” he said

Then he left me again.