 My older brother told me this story, while we were privately reminiscing at my father's wake. I tell the story as he told it to me, from his point of view. I remembered some of the casual events of the time, but especially the Girl from U.N.C.L.E.. 

*

He had quit watching the show with me, I fancied myself to be a secret agent when I grew up, to go and watch the show with the new neighbor.

The truth made the hurt, I had nursed all those years, go away. How could I blame him for choosing hot sex?

A family had moved in next door to my family at the start of the summer vacation. They had two boys a mom and a dad, which in 1967 was a most traditional family. Our family was 6 boys and a girl and a mom and a dad. Typical for Irish Catholics.

The older boy next door was a sophomore at Ohio State and the younger was 6 months older than me. My parents encouraged me to make friends with the new neighbor, because he was a heavy set boy that was quite bookish and may need to have help in getting set in the neighborhood.

I would go over, during the summertime days, and we would play board games and card games or pitch jarts in the front yard. In the evening David's parents would go to play bingo, at the church three doors down, on Thursday night.

That was also the night the Girl From U.N.C.L.E. was on and I had learned about orgasms recently, while carefully washing myself in the tub. I was happy to make my parents happier by going over to watch a color television of the sexiest show on the networks.

David and I sat side by side on the sofa and watched the show. He would always wait until the commercials to ask me about what I liked best about the show and encouraged me to fantasy about what I, an 18 year old, would do with the "Girl's" tits.

I wasted no time in describing how I would suckle her sweet boobs and lick and nibble her nipples. All the while, I had no idea what the treasure under her turtleneck sweater may look or feel like and had only recently found my oldest brother's Playboy stash to help my bathroom fantasy.

One night, after his mom and dad had left for the church and we were settling down to watch the show, David sat very close to me. I was not the least surprised to find a stirring in my pants when he seemed to be squirming his hip into mine for a cozier seat.

He became very bold, at the first commercial break, and placed his hand on my thigh. I gently lifted David's hand and placed it back in his lap, noticing the bulge that was forming in his lap under his tummy. We repeated this mating dance a few times, while I allowed his hand to linger a little longer each time before removal and replacement. The commercial ended, he was a perfect gentleman, until the next commercial break.

The next break the ritual started again, but David was quite a seductress and this time he started by resting his hand on my bare knee, below the end of my cut-off jeans and way below where he started at the last break.

I did nothing to stop him as his hand crawled spider-like up my bare leg slowly, eventually reaching the edge of my shorts, where I gently removed his hand and placed it back on my knee. I heard his sharp intake of breath, as I fought his movement to place his hand on my knee and not in his lap.

David began his torturous trip up my thigh and had my flesh turning into a mass of goosebumps before he reached the edge of my jeans, and my young virgin cock was straining for release, when the show resumed and he rested his hand gently, until I picked his hand up and placed it back in his lap.

The next break he did nothing, and I ached for his touch. I reached over and taking his hand I placed it at the edge of my jeans and slid his fingers under the edge of the material. He responded by removing his hand and turning in toward me on the sofa, so that his head was nuzzled into my shoulder and his right hand had free access under my pant leg.

The show resumed and David turned his head, resting on my shoulder, to watch the show, while all the time idly caressing my bare thigh.

The show ended and David asked me if I wanted to see his boobs, since he had man-boobs he wanted to share them with me. I swallowed and said ,"Yes, please.".

He pulled off his shirt and laid back into the couch drawing me to his breast by my hand, and slipped his hand down the front of my jeans and under the waist of my jockeys. I found his fat boob and his hard nipple, knowing instinctively what would please David, and making him moan and squirm beneath my touch.

I was rubbing his hard cock outside of his jeans, while I nursed lovingly at his boobs, first one then the other. I had never felt anyone's cock except my own, and I knew I was going to enjoy holding his cock naked in my hand.

Suddenly, David's breathing became rapid and he started to convulse in my embrace as we shared the first orgasm I ever brought him, and the pulsing of the cock in his pants and the spurting warmth spreading out and around his crotch area was the most intense experience ever, and I hadn't even come, yet.

I continued to massage his cock through his shorts, until I had drained every drop of fluid out of him, while I continued to suckle and nurse on his nipples holding them tightly in my teeth and stretching them out while I applied tremendous suction.

That was one of my most favorite pastimes with David and, later on in our relationship, I would suck his cock and eat his come, then I would suck and pull on his nipples, until he would get aroused and feed me a second helping of his come, before I would go home.

Tonight David said he had to go and wash his shorts, or at least soak the come out before it dried hard, and then put it in the dryer, as he got up and left me sitting there.

David came back in wearing a woman's robe with clean jockey shorts and sat next to me on the couch and thanked me for the orgasm, as he began to stroke up and down the length of my thigh. I felt his hand on my waist, unbuttoning the jeans and pulling down the zipper as my cock began to grow hard again.

He dropped to his knees and told me to lift my butt as he slid my jeans and shorts off in one motion, bent forward pushing my legs apart to reach my balls with his tongue and mouth. I was pushed back into the sofa as he started to lick and suck every inch of my sack into his willing mouth. As pleasurable as it was I was going to remember what David did to me, because I was going to give it back to him.

I never took my eyes off him as he worked over one ball, completely sucking it into his mouth and filling his mouth with saliva that he swirled and swished around in a vortex of pleasure. Then he sucked the ball out of his mouth, saving the saliva mix to engulf the second ball and give the vortex treatment. This went on until David began to cause his own arousal and he gently pulled me to the floor for my first taste of cock in a glorious 69.

He laid back on the floor and pulled me around until I was sliding his shorts of his legs and was sliding back up his legs to say hello to my first cock. 

It was long, longer than mine and thinner, too, but I had never seen anything so beautiful and proud. He was circumcised, although I didn't know what that was, and had a distinct curvature to David's left side.

The harder he got the more it would curve. After a complete examination of my prize, I got down to serious business and began on David's balls in earnest, bathing them completely as he had shown me how to do.

David was spending all his time on my fat cock head, using his lips and tongue to suck and slobber, then dragging his teeth up and down the length of my shaft. My cock would twitch quickly in his mouth and he would engulf me in his throat and hold me until the twitching would stop and he would start on me again.

I was trying to match David's moves, since he was making me feel so good, and his moans around my cock told me that I was being successful, as my moans around his cock gave him good reply. Then I found that his cock would slide all the way into my throat, if I laid flat on him and slid my self into him until the head gently nudged my throat and I relaxed him in.

It made me feel wonderful when he sharply sucked in his breath and began to thrust his cock in and out of my mouth and throat. In and out he went, and I was in an orgasmic bliss when he suddenly began to pull out of my mouth when he announced he was coming.

I was able to hold his cock in my mouth and drank down every drop of his cream, tasting my first come, since I had never tasted my own. I continued to suck his softening cock and flicked my tongue around the head and the underside, making David buck and his tits shake.

He continued to suck me until I erupted in his mouth, but he pushed me off and ran to the bathroom to spit out the come he had worked so hard for.

We enjoyed a long hot summer and into the fall before his parents found out about our tryst and made David come home to Columbus, from Ohio University in Athens. I saw nothing wrong with our relationship. Girls were a mystery and the satisfaction sucking a cock gave me has always been unsurpassed.

I went hetero after that, until my senior year at Ohio. That is another story.