 I was 58 and my wife had passed away a year before after a short illness leaving me heartbroken and lonely. We had no children and family lived many miles away and friends were few and far between. However I coped as best as possible throwing myself into work and decorating the house and sometimes venturing out to the pub where I did meet some good people. The one thing missing though in my life was the need for sexual release. The wife and I had a good sex life being active up to three times a week and we prided ourselves in being slightly adventurous in the bedroom , but nothing kinky though.

I toyed with the idea of joining an online dating service but apart from browsing the sites never had the courage to go any further. Women around my area were either married or taken and as time passed the need to have sex became even more urgent. Yes I did masturbate and enjoyed some heavy and creamy orgasms but somehow it was not the same doing it to myself I also missed the desire to be wanted.

It was one fine day in sunny June that there was a knock on the door and on answering was greeted by a young good looking guy who asked if I was interested in having Solar Panels installed . To be honest I was not but the guy seemed genuine and very friendly and explained that he was on his first month in the job and was 19 and desperate for a sale to prove himself. I felt a little bit sorry for him and this being a very warm day invited him in for a cold drink.

His name was Mark and looked 19 white around 5ft 8 ( around my height ) and slim build. We engaged in small talk whilst we shared a cold beer and the chat got round to me and my wife and how lonely I had become. He explained that he had split up from his girlfriend and was hoping to meet a frustrated widow in his line of work to which we both laughed and carried on talking. 

It must have been an hour later with us both now sitting together on the settee having drunk a few more beers when he asked where the bathroom was. Pointing upwards I explained it was upstairs and off he trotted . He was gone for a while so I went upstairs to see if he was ok and as I approached the bathroom he was coming out . After asking if he was alright Mark explained that his manager had phoned him and suggested he knocked off for the night as it was getting late . 

At this point for some reason we stopped talking and just stared at each other. I was unsure what he was thinking but my thoughts were for some strange reason was how good looking the guy was. Now I have to explain that I have never been attracted to men before in all my life but maybe it was the beer or maybe the heat or even the combination of both made my mind wander about being close with him.

After a deadly silence Mark spoke and said " Is this your bedroom? " He pointed behind the door I was standing against and I said yes and then added for some reason " Do you want to see? " which he relied yes. Without thinking I turned opened the door and beckoned him in. Mark duly followed and with both of us now standing in the middle of the room I showed him the room and the efforts of my decorating. He seemed genuinely interested in what I was saying but I did notice him moving closer to me as I spoke before standing very close to me. I looked at him and he looked back both of us in silence for what seemed like an eternity before Mark broke the silence . " I can see you are very lonely and feel that you need some form of release " He stated but before I could reply he suddenly moved even closer and started kissing me his lips seeking out mine as his arms wrapped around me. I was staggered never in a million years did I think this would happen and even more staggered by the fact that I found myself responding. Mark had pulled me closer now sensing that there was no resistance and for the first time in my life I could feel another guy's erection pushing against me as his tongue now slipped into my mouth licking gently on the underside of it causing me to grow hard but also harder than I had ever been.

He moved his hands up to cup my face and carried on French kissing me his gentle strong fingers stroking my face. I had never realised that just by kissing a guy could be such a massive turn on and I become lost in the lust of the moment kissing him back and holding his close.

After a while Mark broke away from his kissing but moved his mouth to my ear kissing and licking at the ear lobe sensually before whispering " David, I need to make you cum it's something you need and something I want to do to an older man " 

He was right I was so hard now and so full of lust I did need to cum and couldn't have cared at this stage who made me cum. I turned his head to face me and from somewhere inside of me found myself saying " Only if you let me make you cum " Not that I knew how I was going to do that.

Mark responded by kissing me even harder and for a short while both of us standing in the middle of the room arms around each other tongues entwining. He then moved me away and asked me to undress . I stepped back and almost in a sexual trance did what he said. First I removed my T Shirt followed by my shoes and socks before sliding down my Jeans and boxers, exposing my 6 inch erect cock to a guy for the very first time. Mark immediatly done the same removing all his clothes and I set eyes on his large cock( around 7.5 inches) which was dripping precum looking very red with it's foreskin peeled back exposing the head. Without being asked I sat facing him on the King Sized Bed I have and Mark lent over me kissed my lips again before pushing me back and tracing his tongue down my neck shoulders and chest before sucking on my right nipple. The sensations were amazing I closed my eyes and just let his skilful tongue do it's work. His mouth and tongue biting lightly on my growing nipple causing my cock to swell harder than ever before. He now moved further down kissing and licking as he went savouring every moment his tongue dipping into my navel before sliding up and down my thighs.

Every part of my body seemed to be on fire and this sensation increased when Mark moved his tongue onto my balls licking and and sucking each one in turn making me moan . How I managed not to ejaculate was beyond me as every part of my senses were on an all time high.

Mark now moved his hand up and down my throbbing shaft smoothing his fingers over my head using his thumb to stroke and caress the sweet spot making me moan even louder his mouth now taking the place of his fingers, slowly licking all over the sticky head and moving down the shaft before licking back up. His fingers now were wanking my shaft easing the foreskin up and down as he carried on licking. 

Both of us could now sense I was about to ejaculate and Mark decided to take my cock into his mouth and whilst one hand rubbing my balls proceeded to suck on my cock bobbing his head up and down in time with his rubbing.

Time seemed to stand still as my orgasm began to build Mark sensing this created a vacuum with his mouth and took my cock deeper whilst sucking harder. Finally the wonderful sensations became too much and with a thrust of my hips and a huge ecstatic moan I reached a massive hard intense orgasm shooting copious amounts of cum into Mark's willing mouth. As I carried on ejaculating I could hear Mark swallowing each drop which in turn kept me spurting before all too soon my orgasm died down and Mark released my cock from his mouth gently licking my head clean of the spunky remnants before rising and smothering my mouth with kisses allowing me to taste my ejaculate, which I found quiet palatable.

Remembering what I had said to Mark at the start as we parted I placed my hand around his massive erection and with him smiling and laying back begun to wank him not knowing really what I was doing but with Mark beginning to moan quiet loudly I must have been doing it right. I carried on rubbing his foreskin up and down whilst allowing my other hand to rub his balls his massive shaft pulsating between my fingers before all too soon I was priveleged to see for the first time ever another guy's cock spew his fertile spunk all over his belly and all over my hands as he screamed out loud. After gently rubbing him until he was soft we looked at each and smiled before kissing again for a while. 

What seemed like an eternity but was probably around half and hour we were getting cleaned up and dressed every now and then holding each other and kissing before Mak left promising to return a few days later.