 Out in the woods the other day, I met my dream man. I am a 45 year old sub slut who loves to do as they are told. Especially if doing as I am told means getting a long thick cock in my mouth.

Any way, the other day, the weather was fine and I was out driving in shorts and T shirt. I saw this patch of woodland I had never seen before. It was over Bracknell way and was off a major road, but it had a large deep lay by off to one side. There was a fence leading into common land, but it had been broken down in the middle. It led onto some land that had lots of laurels and rhododendrons growing there.

I like Rhodies. In the summer they have cool caves you can get into and have sex with other men. They also have overhanging branches that you can get tied to… but that’s later!

My dream man is a man older than me, preferably about 55 years old, bigger than me (in height and build) with large cock that would choke me, but not too large that he would hurt my little botty. He would be strict and punish me and make me beg for his cum. Lots of other things come into this as well, but suffice to say I had never met this man. Until this day that is.

As I pulled up, I noticed a BMW parked in the lay by just before the break in the fence. Someone was sitting in the driver’s seat. I pulled up behind him and got out. I slowly walked past the car, glancing in as I did. I saw it was a big series seven with all the trimmings – ooh maybe the driver had all the trimmings too!

I looked in and my heart started to thud and my cock started to rise in my tight white pants I wore underneath my shorts. I have not got a bad body for my age – it is fairly slim and although I am bald, I keep it shaved all the time. The guy was a dream – mid fifties with a reasonable body going a little to fat, but not much. He looked taller than me. He had grey hair and was wearing cotton slacks and a loose shirt. His hand was placed on his cock.

“Steady” I thought as I walked on past. “It’s probably nothing” But there was something about the way he had looked at me, the way he had stared at me, with a hunger in his face. I was starting to really turn myself on. Hurriedly I stepped through the fence and into the woodland.

There was path leading away and I followed it for a short distance, before stopping and looking back. What I saw made me massage my excited cock. He was getting out of the car and coming round to the path to follow me. Quickly, I took my shorts off and walked on with only my T shirt, pants and white trainers on. I looked back again and there he was following me. I bent over, as if I was picking something up and let him get a good look at my bottom. I have been told I have a nice arse, so I made the most of it. I have been told I have a good mouth as well and I was hoping I could make the most of that!

I saw a turning off to the right into some laurel bushes. I could see I would have to push my way through, so I waited to make sure he could see where I was going. As son as I was sure, I pushed through into a quiet cave under a laurel roof. Overhanging branches made it look very sexy. 

I immediately saw that this place was regularly used as there were used condoms about. My heart jumped a bit when I saw that someone (probably a health worker) had left lube and durex in the fork of a branch. I looked back and saw him come to the entrance and look through at me.

I smiled and looked around again at this place. Hanging from one of the branches, about six and a half feet from the ground was a belt. It was obviously waiting to tie someone to the branch. I decided to make up his mind for him and took off my T shirt and put my hands up over the branch just by the belt. I looked back at him and saw he was watching me. I turned so that he could see the outline of my erection in my tight white pants. It was almost popping out of my shorts.

He looked at me in a cool, calculating way, appraising me, trying to calculate if I was worth his effort. 

“Please, please, please” I thought. “I’ll do just about anything for you, if only you knew”

Just at that moment he moved into the area and walked to wards me. I turned my back and bowed my head in submission. Stood there waiting for his verdict.

I felt his hand touch my bottom and I started. I felt his hand slowly caress me, running across each cheek in turn, squeezing each buttock, testing them out. I could not keep my self quiet. I was letting go little whimpers of pleasure.

“uuhhuhh” I said and “ooohahh” His hands were still roaming over my hot little bot, caressing and cajoling. I tried to push my bottom into his hands but every time he pulled them away just enough so that he had control. I whimpered and tried again and he slapped my right cheek, hard. Hard enough to sting, but not hard enough to really hurt.

He came close up behind me. I could feel his breath on my neck. Could feel it warm and so exciting. Could smell his aftershave, some Italian concoction, expensive and cool. I could feel his hand tracing my spine and my bottom. He had strong hands and smooth, not rough, working man’s hands.

His right hand moved around the front of my body, but he stayed behind me. He caressed my nipples, slowly one at a time and I let out a little moan. I was so turned on I would have done anything for him at that time. And I hardly even knew him!

His hand slipped down to my waist and then settled itself over my cock and gave a firm squeeze. I thought I would cum there and then, but he took his hand away and it came back up to my nipples.

Then he pushed against me from behind and I felt his cock for the first time. I could feel it was hard and if my experience was anything to go by, about 8” long. I remember thinking “Oh my god!”

He pushed it against my bottom and I pushed back, but he took it away. I got the message. It was his show and I was only to willing to let him take the lead.

He came round to the front of me and looked me in the eye. I dropped my eyes so that I did not have eye contact, but he lifted them up again. I was completely under his control. He could have done what he liked with me (and I could think of lots of things) and I think he knew it.

He leaned forward and kissed me on the lips. I responded, I could not do otherwise, but I let him dictate the power and length of the kiss. His mouth tasted of mint chewing gum. He pushed his tongue into my mouth and I let it in and let him explore.

My whole body was quivering with this experience and he could obviously feel it. He held the kiss, making it long and passionate and then broke away, leaving me gasping for breath. And wanting more.

His arms reached up and took the belt. It was long and he tied my hands to it and then it to the branch. I was securely tied now, but he could release it from the branch and tie it somewhere else. I had  vision of it being tied to a low branch and being fucked by him slowly and for a long time.

He walked around me, looking at me and studying me.

“I’ve been looking for someone. Someone like you. Younger, obedient, passionate. Willing to do as they are told. Are you that sort of person?”

I thought quickly about the words I would use. I had thought a thousand times about the words I would use in this situation. But in the end the ones that came out were quite simple.

“Yes master”

He nodded, satisfied. “This afternoon, I’m going to see if you are good enough to be my sub slut slave. You will perform tasks and do them without complaint or question. Do you understand slut?”

“Yes master”

“Good” He untied me from the branch and said “get on your knees” I did so, excited at the thought that I may be getting his cock so soon.

At that point another man walked into the clearing. He was clearly older, about 65-70 years old. He was dressed in a plaid shirt and old cords. He looked at me and licked his lips in a distinctly leering way and looked at my prospective master.

“Yours?” he said to my master to be

“He maybe” master replied “depending on how obedient he is. Do you need servicing?”

“If you mean does my cock need sucking the answer is yes” said the old guy. “Does he swallow?”

“He does if I tell him to. You will swallow his cum slut. Do you understand?”

“Yes master, I will obey I said.”

The old bloke stepped forward and dropped his cords. He had blue underpants on and moved forward to in front of me. I could see that his cock was big, but not yet stiff.

“You can start off by kissing it” he said and grabbed the back of my head and pushed it into his pants. My nose and mouth were pushed up against his pants and I could smell stale urine on the front. Nonetheless, I knew my master expected me to obey. All the same I looked up at him, hoping he would not make me. He merely nodded to me.

The old guy pulled my face back into his crutch, burying my mouth on the fabric of his pants. I kissed his cock through the material, getting the taste of the urine through it. I could feel his cock start to become turgid with excitement and I started to lath his cock with my tongue and lips. It crossed my mind that my new possible master may want me to drink his piss. I had never done it before, but I was so excited I think I would have done anything then.

The old guy had hold of the back of my head and was forcing his ever thickening cock into my face. 

“Tied up as well. That’s a nice treat. When I deep throat he won’t be able to fight back”

My eyes looked up at my master and I saw him playing with his cock beneath his trousers. It occurred to me then that he would never use a durex on me and I would be filled with his and anyone else’s cum he would allow. This made me even more excited and I redoubled my efforts on the old man to show master how good I was.

The old guy was well into his stride now and he took half a step back and pulled down his pants. His cock was nearly fully erect and must have been ten inches in length. It was large in circumference as well.

He stepped forward again and lifted his cock and pushed my face into his balls and perineum. 

“Get licking slut, I’m a bit sweaty down there and I need cleaning” he turned to my master and said “he’ll have to clean my bell end as well, that’s a bit cheesy at the moment. I wasn’t expecting to find this little treat here”

I glanced at my master again as I licked the old guy’s balls. He was definitely turned on by the sight of me tied up. Doing his bidding. I could see his cock through his trousers and wondered if I would taste his cum today.

I went back to work on the old guy’s balls and licked them with care. They were very sweaty and it took several minutes before the taste of old sweat went away.

He was obviously getting excited, as he pulled my head away from his balls and wanked his cock in his hand in front of my eyes. I could see it was dirty as the foreskin was pulled back as he wanked but I knew I was going to suck it because I really wanted the other man to be my master.

He grabbed my head and pulled it forward to his cock and at the same time he pulled back his foreskin. His glans was huge and I would have trouble getting it in my mouth let alone his cock. I could smell the smegma on it now. It was quite ripe.

“That’s it” he whispered “you just lick the old bell end clean before I stuff it down your throat. Because that’s where it’s going, along with some of my jizz. The rest is going all over your face. I’ve been saving this for about a week now and I AM really excited.”

He pulled my face forward and I started to lick his cock, looking at my master (I hoped) in my peripheral vision. He still looked turned on and was rubbing his cock through his trousers. Maybe later…

I kept licking the old guy’s cock and it was nearly fully stiff now. It did not taste very nice, but I made a good job of licking every crevice of his glans and prepuce to ensure that he was clean.

As I came towards the end of the cleaning a clear shining drop of precum spilt out of his urethra. It stood on the end of his cock and I longed to lick it up. I looked at my master and he nodded.

“You may lick it off” he said.

With great care, I licked the drop of the old guy’s cock and then he grabbed my head and shoved his enormous penis into the hilt into my mouth.

As he fucked my mouth he said “oh yes good mouth this, we’ll see how good your throat is in a minute”

I could feel his cock grow in my mouth as he became fully stiff and he fucked me for about another three minutes before stopping for breath.

“Look at your master” he said and I looked around. My master had his cock out and was gently wanking himself. It was circumcised and about 8” long and quite thick. I almost came thinking about it in my mouth. But I knew he would not put it in my mouth this time. Not only would he want to keep control, but he would not put it in until I had washed my mouth.

I looked back and the old guy said “open up and take it to the hilt”

I opened my mouth and closed my lips around his cock and worked my way up it, licking the underneath as I went. As it went so far down my throat I stopped, but the old guy did not and pushed it all in until his pubic hairs were under my nose. I could smell his sweat and urine in his pubic area. My mouth and throat were completely filled and I was never so glad that I had practiced deep throat on bananas to get it right.

Eventually he pulled back and then made a final assault on my mouth. I could tell he was near to cumming because of the shortness of his breath and the fact that his cock was absolutely rigid now.

“Yeah you little fuck” he was saying “take my cock slut, right down. I’m going to jizz down your throat…”

This seemed to be too much for him and he pushed his cock right to the back of my throat again and I felt his large organ judder as the first shot of cum splattered my throat. I immediately started to choke, but he left it there until the second wad had also gone down then he pulled his cock out and shot over my face.

Long sticky gobs of cum hit me on both cheeks as he came what seemed to be gallons. I could feel it dripping down my face and onto my chest.

My face was covered with his sperm and some of it dripped in my mouth and I licked it up. He wiped it round my face to clean it up and then put it forward for me to clean.

I found myself eagerly licking his bell end as the last streamers of cum emerged from his cock.

With that, he pulled up his pants and trousers and said to my (please!) master “thanks for that mate. Same again next week?”

“We’ll see” said my master.

When the old guy had gone he told me to get up and he tied me to the branch again.

“Of course you will have to be punished for this now. I can’t let you stand there with cum dripping down your face can I?”

”No master”

He got a short whippy piece of branch from somewhere and then pulled down the back of my pants. My cock was still encased in the front of my pants and it was almost quivering with the desire to cum. But I was determined not to cum until my master told me I could.

“You are quite filthy now and I would not use your mouth. But I am going to cane you and then cum in your pants. I expect you to cum when I do”

“Oh yes master, please cum in my panties that would be so nice” I replied

He then proceeded to cane me with the stick, bringing it down hard and deliberately on each cheek in turn. I gave a little gasp on each smack.

Suddenly, he was up behind me and I could feel his hand wanking his cock furiously. I could feel his breath on my neck and then he was coming, making sure that it was directed into the back of my panties.

His hand cam round the front and rubbed my cock twice and I came with such a shattering orgasm that I went limp on the branch. I thought I would never stop cumming.

There I was with only cum soaked panties on tied with my hands over my head. Cum was running down my face and I could feel my master’s cum dripping down my thighs through my panties legs. My bottom was on fire where he had caned me and my cum was soaking my panty front.

“Do you want me master?” I practically begged. No I did beg.

“You show some promise. Be here the same time next week and we will see” He gave me some instructions for the next week. Very specific instructions and told me not to disobey.

And then he was gone, leaving me hanging there, covered in cum.

To be continued

Please let me know if you liked this