 You seemed genuinely surprised when I reeled around and grabbed your wrists quickly pinning your hands above your head against the wall. With my face right in front of yours I looked you in the eyes and taunted "Dan I'm about to prove you are one disgusting pervert." 

We had been exchanging steamy texts for over a month. Sheepishly trying out new possibilities, teasing the others interest, and arousing each other like adolescent school chums. Arousal and release we're becoming standard for our exchanges, a strange mix of fantasy and desire acted out in virtual encounters which often ended with sticky fingers. But today was different: we were finally alone in person. 

When I opened the door we greeted each other with a nervous smile and handshake. I asked "are you sure ready for this?" You nodded "yes Sir." "Good, let's begin." Handing you the bucket I told you to go down the hall and get some ice. As you opened the door I smiled and said" oh and Dan, the ice isn't for drinking."

When you returned I placed the bucket on the desk and quickly turned and pinned you against wall. With the phrase "disgusting pervert" echoing in your head you felt the pressure of my raised knee rubbing against your crotch. Before you knew what was happening I planted my lips squarely on yours and stole a kiss with a quick flick of my tongue against yours. Beard to beard, an intense moment, man to man. "Undress down to your shorts snd assume the position for inspection. Hands over your head, feet apart." 

As you stood there completely vulnerable, I circled you still dressed for court with my dark sunglasses hiding exactly where my eyes were fixed. I approached your left armpit and buried my nose in your fur. I took a deep sniff, "Mmm, very nice, boy." As I circled around your backside I ran my hands over your strong back. I grabbed an ice cube and moved it in s circle in the small of your back. The water trickled down between your crack. I moved my wethand just inside the elastic band at top of your cheeks snd said "squeeze your cheeks together." I could feel the strength of a working man as your cheeks grabbed my hand. I moved it lower in your crack "squeeze again", then I lowered my hand deep in your under pants with my palm flat against your hole and my fingers against your taint "again and hold." I wiggled my hand feeling the resistance of your muscular gluts and giving your prostate a dull jolt from the outside. "I reached s little further and grabbed your balls for the first time from behind. 

I wrapped my hand around your nuts and gently tugged toward the floor with a low growl. Your feet shifted like an eager horse waiting to be saddled. Releasing my grip I pulled back and paused in the sweaty space of heaven between your sack and your hole. I heard a faint sound, half grunt half moan, as I massaged your prostate through your fleshy taint. "Yeh this baby's gonna be working overtime" I mused.

As I stood there behind you I moved my face closer to your neck. My left hand trailing up from your waist to your chest while my right moved up your back to just above your neck. As my left hand grazed your nipple, my right grabbed a full knot of your hair and pulled your head back "listen Boy, you kept Sir waiting a long time didn't you?" I sneered.

"Yes." 

"Yes what?"

"Yes Sir, I kept you waiting a long time." 

"And what do you think that means Boy?"

"I - I -I don't know" you stammered. 

"I'll tell you what it means. It means punishment Asshole. Sir doesn't like to be kept waiting for the things he wants." I let go of your hair with a shove then moved right up behind you with my arms around you I groped your chest and nestled my crotch into your buttcrack. You could feel my breath on your neck as I pinched both of your tits from behind.

As I moved around in front of you,I grabbed another ice cube and put it against skin above your arm pit. The water dripped into your pit while I took another long sniff and began long licks of your underarm. "Mmm, no deodorant, just the way I like my Boy." When the cube had melted I grabbed two more, one in each hand, and began working your chest. My cold wet fingers pinched and teased your nipples as I circled them with the cubes. I lowered my head and looked over my sunglasses "I like my Boys nipples ... stiff." 

Right on cue your nipples responded standing to attention. I rewarded each with a flick of my tongue. My hands roamed all over your body pausing to tweak or pinch here and there. I cupped your balls with my palm and felt their heftyness. 

"Take your shorts off" I ordered and you meekly complied. 

"Now my tie." You loosened the knot and carefully removed the dark silk tie and handed it to me. 

"Turn around and put your hands behind your back." You rotated and crossed your wrists in anticipation as I tied them. "You are one twisted dirty pig Dan. Aren't you? Say it"

"Yes Sir I am a twisted dirty pig."

I walked over to the briefcase quickly moving the lock tumblers to 817, then laughed and said "you're gonna learn to love this sound" as I popped open the latches with their distinctive click. I came back over and swiftly slapped a small titsucker on each of your nipples. "I said I like them stiff Boy" as I playfully flicked the rubber tubes with my fingers. I placed a hand on your shoulder and shoved you downward "get on your knees Boy and watch your Master undress." 

I removed my suit one piece at a time till I stood before you in my tight Brazilian boxers inches from your head. "take them off with your teeth Bitch boy." You were surprised by how smooth and contained my package was as you began to tug them down with your teeth. As you worked them down you realized I had a strap on underneath. I stepped out of the trunks and grabbed your head pushing your face in to my bulge. "lick my pouch Faggot, get it wet with your mouth. Yeh that's it Boy lick it!! See if you can get Sir hard." You buried your face in my essence licking the coarse fabric, and eagerly lapping at my growing mound.

"Look at manly Dan: tied up on your knees licking my jockstrap, you filthy scum, you're enjoying this, aren't you?"

I grabbed your hair and bent your head backwards "I said you're enjoying this aren't you? Answer me!"

"Sir Yes Sir"

"Good boy." I turned around and then forced your face into my crack. There was nothing between your face and my butt save for two straps framing my manly ass. Pungent butt was there lingering in front of you. 

"Smell me. Breath in deep with your nose buried in my ass." You took a long sniff and instinctively started to open your mouth.....

"Oh no you don't...you wait for instructions Boy. When I want you to lick my ass I'll tell you." I turned back around and put one foot on the bed while you kneeled helpless between my legs. I slapped your face and smiled "take my strap off with your teeth You filthy pig, come on do it NOW boy!

There comes a moment of truth when a man starts to remove another man's jockstrap with his teeth. Undeniably primal, masculine and uncensored, the fulfillment of years long repressed desire. You rose to the challenge and grabbed the wide top band of the strap and yanked it down allowing my stiff cock to pop free. I savored the moment gazing down at my prick hovering inches over your wide eyes. 

"O Yeh Boy that's it meet your Master's man meat" I taunted your cheek slapping it with my rod over and over. 

I stepped over to the bag o' tricks and pulled out a mint condom and placed it on the head of my cock. "Ok Cocksucker lets see you put this on me all the way down with your mouth!" You gulped nervously and then tentatively slipped your mouth over the tip tightening your lips to try to unravel it. With steady forward thrusts the minty skin began to unroll as you accepted my cock deeper and deeper into your mouth. My firm hand compelled the back of your neck keeping you on task. 

"That's it Cocksucker, move it all the way down" I smiled. When it was as far as it would go you looked up at me, blue eyes meeting blue eyes, as if to say 'what now Sir?'

"Get busy Dick Breath, we don't have all day" I barked, as you began moving your mouth up and down, side to side, with your tongue moving in circles around my head. 

"Mmm good Boy that's it. Looks like are a cocksucker after all aren't you Dan?"

"Mmmm" you moaned as you worked my schlong from every angle. Your mouth was sloppy wet as your spit drooled down my balls. You were hungry for this moment and it showed, your cock stiff enough to hang a towel. Up and down you bobbed as I kept your head moving steady while egging you on with my groans and thrusts. I grabbed your ears with both my hands and pounded your face. A minute seemed like an eternity as my unrelenting thrusts rammed my cock deep in your throat. Sometimes you gagged and coughed but I kept on fucking your face. 

"Stop" I'd say suddenly and pull your head off by grabbing your hair. We were both breathing heavily but at least I was getting satisfaction. You ached to touch yourself, but couldn't. I'd bend down and kiss your sloppy mouth mixing my spit with your minty drool pausing to whisper "you nasty cocksucking pig! you're trying to make cum aren't you?"

"Mmm" you groaned gasping for air. "Yes sir I'm trying to make you cum. Please Sir give it to me Sir!"

"Stop. Now Pay attention to my balls, suck em one by one. Yeh that's it. Good boy. Now lick the crack on both sides of my balls. Taste it, yeh, taste my musky man scent and let me hear how much you're enjoying this."

You'd moan and groan and I could feel your deep voice vibrating my balls with every moan. You'd jerk as I flicked and tugged on your titsuckers which were still hanging on. 

"Stop." I yanked back your head again holding it tilted up, mouth still open, breathing heavily and nervously waiting for my next command.

"Stick your tongue out." You slowly pushed out your tongue and I slapped my dick on it, fwap fwap fwap. 

"Yeh that's it boy. Now it's my turn. Stand up."

You stood up relieved to be in a different position and panting like a puppy. I pulled the nipple suckers off with a pop and admired your swollen pink tits. Wrapping my left arm around your waist, I put my lips to your nipple and sucked it with my tongue darting all around it. I grabbed your aching member for the first time and lightly stroked you. You were dripping wet and squirming with my touch. First light and slow, then firm and fast, then a tug on your balls, then back to light and slow, then a twisty motion. 

"Unhh" you moaned. Your balls were tight and beginning to ache with pressure. Then with a gleam in my eye, I walked over to the bag o'fun and pulled out the collar and the nipple tweezers. I fastened the collar around your neck and then the adjustable clamps with an appropriate pressure for the first time. I stepped back and took in the site, then moved you to where you could see yourself in the mirror: your hair was tossed, your mouth was still sloppy wet, your dick stiff and standing, hands tied behind your back, a wide black leather collar circled your neck, and little black tweezers hung on your nipples with a chain hanging in between. 

"Take a long look at yourself, you pathetic cockslut." I slapped your ass as you stared at the mirror when I stood behind you untying your hands. 

"Guess what Time it is Dan? I teased.

"huh?" Your eyes still fixed on the sight in the mirror.

"It's tubby time big boy" I grinned "and I gotta piss like a racehorse! Get in the tub and lie down, you fucking nasty piss slut."

"Sir yes Sir"

I slipped the leash onto your collar's D ring and lead you into the bathroom. As you glanced at yourself in the mirrored wall I slapped your ass again and gave a little tug on your nipple chain. 

"Quite a sight isn't it Dan? A grown man collared and leashed like a defenseless animal..... Isn't it?"

"Yes Sir..... a defenseless animal."

I paused at the sink and poured us both a glass of water. "drink up buddy boy". When you finished drinking I motioned to the tub and goosed your ass with a quick probing finger. 

"Ok Troughman, let's see how low you can go. Lay down in the tub and start to piss. Take your time and aim up and slightly toward your head." 

Pissing when lying down and erect is confusing to the brain and takes concentration. First a dribble fell puddling on your navel, then a little stronger stream arched up from your penis splashing down on your hairy chest. "Yeh that's it dirty boy, just like that." I leaned over and opened my mouth capturing a few seconds of your hot juice. It half fell out of my mouth and half spit back onto your face. Instinctively I uttered a low growl "Arrrggg, nice. You are a nice 'n dirty boy. Let me help clean you up." I stood high over you and began a long small stream of pale piss. "Look at me when I'm pissing on you. I want to see your helpless eyes." I started with your crotch and moved slowly up toward your chest. First the left nipple then the right, onto your collar, then finally to your open mouth! Piss filled your mouth and spilled over onto your chin. "Spit it out boy" I ordered. You spit it out onto your chest like a toddler in a high chair. 

"You have some more for me?" 

"Maybe a little Sir." You pushed out a sorry dribble into your navel. 

"Well Sir has some more for you." I stepped into the tub and straddled your torso with my knees framing your chest. I reached behind and stroked your semihard piss-soaked cock, then mock smothered your face by smearing your goatee with my piss soaked hand. Then I started to go, pissing myself and your chest at the same time. I tweaked on your nipple clamps as my stream grew stronger it splashed off the bottom of your chin. You stuck your tongue out and captured the last golden shower. I leaned over and we exchanged a soft piss-soaked French kiss. It was divine, pungent and warm our juices mingling. "You are disgusting" I said as I tugged on your chain "and you are my piss slut." I slapped your face and put my finger in your mouth as you sucked off the last drops. We paused breathing hard and taking in the distinctive inescapable odor around us. 

I told you to get up and turned on the shower. "Lather me up boy" I said as I handed you the soap. "Start with my feet and work your way up." You obediently complied covering my feet, legs, then my crotch. My cock twitched as you stroked me and lathered my balls. You worked up to my chest when I forced your head to my nipples. "Suck my nipples faggot. First the left and then the right." I could feel your beard against me as your lips and tongue caressed my erect nipples. I held the back of your neck pushing your face into my fuzzy chest. "Very nice." I turned around and you bent down to lather my back side. When you got to my ass I ordered you to lather all the way to my balls. "Clean my hole with your finger," You slipped your soapy finger into my tight hole. "That's it boy, not too deep. Slide it in and out get me clean." I uttered a moan "now do my back." You stood up and finished my back. I turned around and took the soap from you bending down to return the favor. I lathered you from bottom to top pausing to enjoy stroking your cock and balls. I lathered your chest and worked around your tit gear and collar. "turn around." I started with your calves and worked up to your muscular cheeks. I decided to go onto your back and then came back to your ass. I slipped my soapy hand deep into your crack and then slid my soapy forearm up and down between your cheeks. Deep circles I made with my hand on your taint. I slipped a finger into your hole, turning it like a screw, and soaped you. 

I turned your body so the shower pounded a steady stream on your back flushing the soap off your backside. And then without warning I buried my face in your ass. "Put your hands on the wall and lean forward." I gazed at your pink starfish and touched it with my tongue. You grunted as my tongue swirled around flicking at your anus like a pussy. "A taste of things to come Pony boy" I said as I slapped your ass again "but first, you have some punishment we have to take care of. Get out and dry me off." We stepped out of the shower and you toweled me, yourself wet and dripping like a rain-soaked dog. I left the room saying "when you're done come out and get on the bed face down, ready to be spanked... Hard!"

"As you command Sir."

When you came out you saw me grinning, sitting on the sofa legs apart with my feet on the coffee table stroking my stiff dick and teasing my hole with my fingers. "Grab the fetish tape on your way to the bed." I met you bedside where you were waiting face down. I took the tape and circled your head covering your mouth. "We don't want hotel security bothering us when you yelp." I stretched your hands together above your head and wrapped them with the orange shiny tape. "Sweet" I said admiring my work. I wanted to bind your feet too just in case you thought of fleeing but realized I wanted full access to your backside with your feet apart. Besides, it didn't seem too likely to me you would run down the hall naked, partially bound, with black leather gear on. 

"Ok boy, over my knees, NOW!" You scrambled to reposition yourself with your top half on the edge of the bed, your mid section on my lap with your legs and feet hanging over. I ran one hand up the inside of your thigh while the other rested in the small of your back. SMACK! Was the sound of my first spank to your cheek. SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!! I groped your butt making circles as I ran my hand from your thigh to your cheeks and back again SMACK! My hand moved silently to your cock dangling freely between my legs. I pulled down and squeezed your balls SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! "Do you even remember the post you replied to boy?" SMACK! You made a muffled grunt. "Of course you don't, it was so fucking long ago." SMACK! SMACK!

"Did I tell you Sir doesn't like to wait for what he wants?" SMACK! " and did you still make me wait anyway?" SMACK! SMACK SMACK! "Some bullshit about the snowy weather!" SMACK! I pulled your cheeks apart and spit on your hole rubbing it in with my left hand. SMACK! Then reached for your balls and twisted them as I leaned down and licked your hole. SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! "when Sir wants his boy, he wants him right away, get it?" SMACK! "When Sir wants to suck he wants you to say when." SMACK SMACK! "When Sir wants your ass you say 'Yes Sir'" SMACK SMACK SMACK! "You've been very bad you worthless piece of shit!" SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK. Your ass was red and stinging. I reached under the bed where I concealed the leather paddle. I waved it front of you so you could see what was going to be your final discipline then Sir started with small quick spanks and worked up to the main lesson. You were flinching now and audibly groaning through the tape. "Take your punishment like a man Boy, and learn your lesson. KEEP SIR WAITING AND YOU WILL PAY!" SMACK!

The room fell silent after spanks as I caressed your wounds and began to massage your cock back to life. Finally I broke the silence "you've taken your punishment well boy, now we can move on. You'll have to earn the plug but it, shall we say, is not bad work" I said grinning. 

I helped you reposition on the bed and placed a mound of pillows under your waist which pushed your ass up. I used the bandage scissors to cut off the mouth gag and brought you a sip of water. Your forehead was sweaty and your face flushed. "It's ok Boy you can relax now, you're safe. You've earned the privilege to please me again." I got up and poured some mouthwash into the hotel cup. "The next ten minutes will be an exquisite blur." I licked my lips and smiled "surrender!"

"This will be something to smile about Candyass" I said. Rimming is one of those things like red hair, or big boobs, or a piece of lace or perhaps even spanks: one doesn't know why it turns us on, it just does. Some quirk in the wiring or maybe triggered by some long forgotten association. Or maybe just because it feels so good. But whatever the reason, it is clear it's my thing: there's incredible power to transfix someone when tongue meets ass. Like a state of semi paralysis the eyes glaze over, the breath changes, and the desire to be rimmed completely takes over. Minutes seem like hours and an hour can seem like a minute. It's wet, warm, erotic and stimulating while at same time wholly relaxing in a way sadly never experienced by many. If Creator didn't intend for us to be rimmed, then why does it feel so divine?
