 I have always loved tennis. I've watched and played it since I was at school and enjoy it more than any other sport. Apart from the cut and thrust of the game I guess I enjoy watching the players, especially the men. I think it was tennis that made me aware of other guys, in the changing rooms as well as on the court. There is something about the white shirts and shorts that turns me on. After I got married I tried to turn off these feelings. I hadn't had any sexual contact with guys since I was a teenager, but there was a whole part of me that wanted to try again and this was always strongest when I was involved with tennis.

I belong to a tennis club with friendly guys, many of them married too and we enjoy the social side as well as the games. I still get a bit horny in the dressing room watching people changing or on the court seeing glimpses of briefs showing through the shorts or of waistbands over the top when shirts ride up. But until a few weeks ago nothing else ever happened.

Then a new member joined and everything changed. He was called Tim, and was in his thirties, I reckoned, a few years older than me. He had fair hair, very neatly and fashionably cut, was about 5'10" tall and looked in good shape. He wore smart clothes and often arrived at the club in his suit straight from work. I was instantly attracted to him and found myself making sure I was around when he was changing. I chatted to him and tried to make him feel welcome and he was friendly and responsive. After a couple of sessions I asked if he would like to partner me and he readily agreed.

One of the things that I liked about him was that he bucked the trend of wearing his tennis shirt loose. He always tucked it into this shorts and I also noticed he tucked it into his briefs too. This really took me back to school days when several of us used to do that, and I remember watching professional tennis players on the TV all neatly tucked in. Sometimes you could get a glimpse of the waistbands of their briefs showing where their shirts were tucked in the underwear and that always turned me on. 

One evening, after we had played together a few times, we were the last on court having just beaten Will and Bryan. We went back to the changing room and, while the other two got changed quickly and left to go home, we took our time. Tim took off his tennis shorts and then spent time sorting stuff in his bag wearing just his shirt and briefs. This was really getting me going and I could feel my cock hardening in my own briefs. I tried turning away but I was enjoying looking at him so much that I gave up and just slowly got changed. 

Suddenly he smiled at me and asked if I liked what I saw. I was so embarrassed and made some feeble response. Tim quickly replied that it was OK but that I must realise he'd seen me looking at him changing these past few weeks. He said he thought he'd give me a longer show tonight.

I apologised and said that I didn't realise I'd been so obvious but he told me he enjoyed seeing me changing too and that he loved seeing guys in briefs. By this time the bulge in my briefs was huge and I noticed his was growing too. I said that I was married and didn't know why I had all these feelings and he said he had a girl friend too but still enjoyed being with guys. Then, quite unashamedly, he asked what we were going to do about it.

I looked at him and smiled as he came over towards me and took me in his arms. We kissed, gently at first, but then more passionately and he pushed his tongue into my mouth. Our bodies pushed against each other and I could feel his bulge pushing against mine. We started to rub each other and as we did I could feel the precum starting to ooze from the slit in my cock and make a damp patch on my briefs. Tim's hands came down and stroked my cheeks and then reached up and deftly tucked my shirt inside my briefs.

I told him that that felt good and how I remembered doing that at school. He said that he did too and had just carried on ever since. He asked why I stopped and I said that eventually most of my friends stopped and when I got a regular girl friend she didn't like me tucking either. He encouraged me to start again, adding that I looked great like that. I told him I wasn't sure how my wife would react, and he said his girl friend wasn't sure at first but had got used to it now. So I said I would give it a try.

After this 'brief ' interlude Tim suddenly went down on to his knees and put his lips against my bulge. It felt so good as he kissed it and then his tongue started to run up and down the outline of my cock as his hands gently stroked and squeezed my balls. I moaned out loud and found myself asking him to suck me. 

His hand went inside the leg of my briefs and pulled out my uncut cock, so moist on the head. He licked some of the precum off and then slowly started to take my six inches into his mouth. This felt amazing – he certainly knew now to suck cock, and I had to admit it was much better than the few times my wife had done it. I stood there still moaning with pleasure when suddenly the door opened and Bryan burst in. He started to speak saying that he thought he had left his phone behind. Then he saw us and swore, mumbling something like 'Sorry guys' and hurried out of the room.

I had pulled my cock out of Tim's mouth and it had gone limp. I was really anxious about what Bryan would do because he knew my wife. I said I ought to go after him but Tim said he would speak to him later. He was sure there wouldn't be a problem. I wasn't so sure but by this time Tim was working on my cock again and I immediately got hard and forgot about the interruption.

After a while I pulled him up and kissed him on the lips, sharing some of my precum, and then I said that it was time I returned the favour. I knelt down and went to work on his bulging white CK briefs, stroking the waistband, sliding my fingers inside it, stroking his cheeks and starting to lick and suck at his cock through the fabric. Judging by the sounds coming from Tim I was doing all right, considering I hadn't done anything like this since school days. I was about to take his cock out of his briefs when he pulled me up and kissed me and in a whisper asked me to fuck him. 

I hadn't been expecting this and he could tell I was taken aback. I said I'd never fucked a guy before and he told me it would be fine. He started rubbing his cock against mine and I knew I couldn't let this opportunity go by. So I agreed, and he reached into the pocket of his suit jacket and produced a condom and some stuff that I assumed was lube. I didn't even start to think about why he was carrying them. My cock was still sticking out of the leg of my briefs and I started to take them off, but he told me he preferred to be fucked with them on. He gently rolled the condom over my cock and then turned his back on me as I eased his briefs down revealing his gorgeous cheeks and hole. I took some of the lube and started to work it with my finger into his hole. 

He almost shouted out showing his pleasure as I pushed right in and found the spot; and then he started using words I had never heard before like asking me to push my prick into his mancunt. I started to push in gently and found that my cock slid in easily with the lube. I guessed he had done this a few times before! Again he cried out with pleasure, asking me again and again to fuck his hole. 

I was getting so excited now that I thrust in as hard as I could and then withdrew and started pushing in and out in regular steady movements. Suddenly he pulled away from me and asked me to lie down on the floor. I did as he told me and he came and knelt down facing me and eased my cock back into his hole. This felt so good, and it was great to look at him. I pulled on his long hard uncut cock and gently wanked him as he took control of the fuck. He rode up and down on me, shouting out all kinds of words, which clearly got him even more excited. 

By this time I was ready to shoot my load and he could sense it. He told me to shoot my creamy cum inside his mancunt saying wanted the fucking lot. I didn't need any more encouragement and let go of what seemed like loads of cum inside him. At the same time I was pulling hard on his cock and he too seemed ready. He finally lifted himself off my cock and leaned over me so that his prick was over my face. 

Then he told me to try tasting this, calling me his gorgeous little fucker. At this point globules of spunk shot on to my face and into my open mouth. It was an amazing feeling. I licked the remaining cum from his cock and then he leant over and kissed me taking some of his own cream from my face and sharing what was in my mouth. We both lay back on the floor and relaxed in each other's arms. 

Then we went into mutual admiration with me telling him how fantastic it was and Tim asking whether I was sure you hadn't done this sort of thing since I was a teenager. I assured him I hadn't. He also said that it was a real turn-on being fucked by a guy with his shirt tucked in his briefs; he'd never done that before. But then he apologised for all the language he had used saying it really helped him enjoy it. I said it was fine, and in fact I found it very horny myself. 

We finally decided it was time to get up and start getting dressed. As we were putting our trousers on we both stopped and looked at each other. There was a strange almost moaning noise outside the door. Tim pulled his suit trousers up quickly, still making time to ensure his smart white shirt was tucked neatly in his briefs. Then he went over quietly to the door and pulled it open. There, to our amazement was Bryan, his cock in his hand, together with a load of cum. I also noticed some cum on the floor. Once again he mumbled apologies but Tim asked if he'd enjoyed hearing our performance. He then suggested that he might like to come in and watch next time, or even join in!!

Brian was mumbling again, still clearly full of embarrassment. Tim then said he hoped none of us would tell anyone else about what had happened – without needing to mention wives and girl friends. Brian assured us that he wouldn't and eventually we finished dressing and went our separate ways. But we didn't go without agreeing to book a court for the following week.

Next week only Will left as soon as we'd finished the tennis match.