 When Neal invited me to have Sunday lunch with him in a pub I wasn't entirely sure I should go. I was new in town and had just met him in his capacity as bank employee when I went to open a new account. He was medium height and very overweight, with white hair and a friendly beard. I can't say I was immediately attracted to him, because I'm basically straight.

But at the times when I veer off the straight and narrow and want something straight up my narrow part, his type is just right. Anyway, I thanked him and agreed to meet at a nice old place just outside the centre.

It was the middle of winter in England, which means cold, but the pub had a big blazing log fire and we sat near it. The place was decked out like an old inn, which it might indeed have originally been; it was all wood paneling and nothing was quite straight, including me on that day. I had found myself having homosexual thoughts and had even looked up the local cruising spots, but hadn't gone to any because I never had, and it seemed a bit dangerous.

What I wanted was to meet a nice, reliable guy who would give me a good time but not bother me afterwards. If that sounds a bit tame, there is nothing tame about what I like doing with men when I'm in the mood. Allowing a man to push his erect penis up my arse is not, in my opinion, a bland pastime. Nor is kneeling naked to suck his cock and getting him to kneel so I can lick his arse. What is required is the appearance of respectability, so that the private reality can be as sordid as we like and nobody else will know.

As I sat across the table from Neal, enjoying a very decent roast beef and Yorkshire pudding, I was feeling mellow and safe. We talked about football and music and it was just two old guys who might have been old friends.

When we had finished and had another pint, Neal stretched languidly and said, "I don't know about you, but I could murder a few whiskies, but we're both driving, so..."

I nodded. "Does sound nice, though," I said.

"I've got bottle of J&B at home if you fancy it," he said. "And we can see what's on TV."

Ten minutes later we were in the front room of his old cottage down the road. He poured two large ones and we were talking about our love lives. I was divorced and he was widowed.

"So, any luck in that department?" I asked.

"Women?" he said. "Nobody wants an old fuck like me. I've tried a few dating sites but the only interest I've had was from young men, gays, like, trying their luck."

"Really?" I said, surprised.

"Yes, they like a Daddy type," he explained. "And I'm not interested in that. But I have found myself thinking about... I shouldn't be telling you this..."

"Go on," I said.

"I've been looking at porn with old men like you and me," he said, looking down, his eyes anywhere except looking at me.

"Yes," I said involuntarily. "As Kingsley Amis once said, 'the only thing wrong with a penis is that it's always got a man on the end of it'. Some truth in that." The beer and wine and whisky were doing the talking for both of us.

We moved onto a different subject, but then I found Neal fiddling with the internet on the TV and what came up was two fat old white men on a bed. We both watched in silence, furtively glancing at each other to gauge reactions.

"I'm going for a lie down," Neal said. "Come and talk to me in there."

I followed him into the bedroom and sat on the edge of the bed as he lay back. He took off his shirt and undid his belt and the clasp of his trousers. He had a nice white fur on his chest.

"So, have you ever done anything with a man?" I asked.

"No," he said blankly. "You?"

"I've had a couple of little meetings but they didn't amount to much," I said.

"You had a cock in your hand?" he pursued. I nodded.

"In your mouth?" he enquired.

"Yeah," I replied grudgingly.

"And?"

"It's funny," I said. "Feels strange. I just couldn't relax and get into it, so I stopped."

"I feel like I should try," Neal said. "All these years and never done any of that."

We both fell silent again, and eventually Neal patted the bed, encouraging me to lie next to him. I did. And I undid my trousers too, but unlike him I pulled the zip all the way down. And then, as if guided by some unseen presence, I pulled my erect cock out and just left it lying there.

"Would you like me to touch it?" Neal asked quietly.

"Yes," I said breathlessly, and he immediately reached over and took my shaft in one hand, while unzipping himself with the other.

"Your turn," he said as his own member made its debut in front of a man's gaze. I took it in my hand and we started working each other's tools.

"Fuck it," I said eventually, standing up and wrenching my clothes off. My ageing white body stood there like a virginal girl, but with a large hardon.

Neal stood up and undressed too and we lay down again, facing each other.

"So are you going to suck me?" Neal said softly. I looked down at his very nice cock with its big, smooth head glistening with precum.

"Yes," I said boldly. "I am going to suck your fucking cock." And with that I went down on this fat, hairy man. I loved the way his cock had sat in the lee of his belly when he was standing, so I asked him: "Can you kneel up?"

I leaned down and engulfed his cock in my mouth while feeling his balls and stroking his buttocks. After a minute or so of this I was overpowered by another impulse.

"Turn around," I whispered. "I want to lick your arse."

Neal turned and dropped to his elbows and my face found his crack. I couldn't believe what was happening, and still less could I believe that I was directing operations. I was the one servicing him, but not for long, because soon he turned around again and said "I want to do you."

I knelt up like a dog, my cock enticing him as he moved down to suck his first penis. It is surprisingly easy to suck a cock, and I felt him relax as he realized that he could do it, was doing it and liked doing it.

"I used to like buggering women," Neal said matter-of-factly. "Would you mind...?"

"I would love to be buggered my you," I said, and he rummaged in the bedside drawer before emerging with a brand new tube of lubricant. I got on my hands and knees instinctively, because that was how I wanted to be taken. I didn't recall ever consciously thinking about it, but now the moment had come, it was as clear as day that that was what I wanted.

Neal lubed me up and put a dollop on his cock before moving into position behind me and, with practised ease, slipping his penis into my arsehole. It hurt like hell but also felt incredibly exciting.

"Yes, fuck me," I said urgently. "Bugger me, fuck me, whatever. I love having your cock up my arse.

"And I love having it there," Neal said. "It's been so long that I think I'm going to... aaah, aaah." And he came inside me, shooting his frustrated, pent-up spunk into me.

After he had wiped me up, I licked his arse again and sucked his cock and then he wanked me onto his chest, my semen clogging the white hairs. I fell on top of him and we both laughed with something like relief.