 This has definitely been a weird summer so far, but not a bad one. I'd met Mary, and things were going well with her, even though the first time we met ended up in a threesome in the pub bathroom, which had made me realise I was bi, plus I spied on her having a secret root with my dad's girlfriend. Oh, and my dad revealing he was bi too and had been having it off with his best mate Nubs for years.

Like I said, a weird one.

So all of that had gone down and now I was in the car on my way to an annual boys' camping trip. With me was Dad, Nubs, Nubs' son Simon and his mate Nicko. A lot of the drive was spent talking about footy, our lives, girlfriends (I told them about Mary, Simon was seeing some bird called Ashley) and just passing the time. I chimed in now and then but my brain could not stop focusing on the fact that Dad and Nubs were rolling around playing hide the sausage in their spare time.

I was still preoccupied by the thought while we set up the tents and got dinner ready. I was sharing the big tent with Nicko and Simon and Dad and Nubs were in the other.

Once the fire started going and a few beers in, I started to relax and get into things a bit more. I was feeling pretty alright by the time we all called it a night. I ended up in the middle of the tent, between Simon and Nicko. I passed out pretty quickly from the beers.

I woke up sometime later, no idea when, to a noise. It sounded like a grunting, groaning sound. At first I thought one of the lads was making sounds in his sleep, then I realised it sounded further away, like in the tent next to us where Dad and Nubs were.

"No way." I thought to myself, "Not with their sons in the tent right next to them." Then I thought about it some more- my old man had told me, had Nubs told Simon? And did they think we were alright with it now that we knew? I mean, I was alright with it, but knowing about it and hearing it are too different things. If I really was hearing it, that is. I strained my ears and could make out a wet, slurping sound, plus what sounded like Nubs whispering "Yeah mate, take it all."

Yep, I was hearing it.

I have to admit, the thought of Nubs getting a blowjob got my old fella stirring a bit. I tried to ignore my rising throbber for a while, but in the end it was too much for me. In the dark it was hard to make out if Nicko and Simon were asleep- both had their backs to me and were pretty still. Eventually I gave in, reached under the covers, and tried to have a very quiet tug.

About a minute later I heard a little sound noise from Nicko and saw his shoulder twitching. Was he doing the same thing as me? Between that and the sounds from next door I bust my nut fairly quickly, wiping it up with my t-shirt.

The next day I still couldn't get my head in the game- had I really heard dad and Nubs? Was Nicko really jacking off? Was I imagining the whole thing? I was all over the place. Just as well we were just fishing and hiking a bit, nothing that required a lot of brainpower.

Eventually bedtime rolled around. In my sleeping bag I pulled my shorts off and tried to listen out for more sex noises. Nothing, Eventually I fell asleep. Same as the night before, I woke up some time to hear groaning and slurping and even dad whispering "oh fuck" a few times. I instantly barred up and, checking the lads were still turned away from me, whipped the old fella out. Suddenly, Nicko rolled over. I snapped my eyes shut and pretended to be asleep. Turns out I shouldn't have bothered- I felt a hand wrap around my cock and start to wank me off.

So that answered a few questions about Nicko.

Then I realised- Nicko was on my right. The hand was coming from my left.

I opened my eyes and looked at Simon. He was out of his sleeping bag, totally naked, with a cheeky grin and a serious hard-on. He put his finger up to his lips, telling me to be quiet. I looked back at Nicko- he was climbing out of his bag too, hard as a rock.

"We weren't sure about you mate." whispered Simon, easing me onto my back while Nicko pulled my bag all the way off me, "Glad to see you're on board."

And with that, the two of them started sucking on my meat. I couldn't help myself and let out a few little moans.

Eventually they both knelt by my head and offered up their dicks.

"I've never done this before." I whispered.

"It's dead easy, you'll get it." Winked Simon, guiding my head to his old fella.

Whenever I'm in doubt I usually just charge right in, and this was the same. I wrapped my lips around Simon's big one and tried to do what I liked getting done to me. Simon must have liked it too 'coz he started moaning.

After a while I swapped over and took in Nicko's, who I tried to deep throat without much success. I alternated between the two of them, while each of them took one of my legs and spread them apart. I heard Nicko get something from his backpack, then felt cold lube on my ring. Pretty soon the lads were having a sword fight in my mouth while Nicko fingered my back passage and Simon tugged my old fella. I could hear myself moaning louder and louder.

Didn't take long for me to blow.

"I'm cumming!" I tried to whisper but it definitely wasn't a whisper. Nicko grunted hard and blew on my chest as I came.

Simon shuddered and moaned "Oh yes! Fuck!" and did the same.

So there I was, covered in mine and two other blokes' cum, with a stretched-out ring, panting like mad, when we heard Nubs' voice, clear as day, from the other tent. We could also hear a very recognisable slapping sound and my dad moaning into a pillow.

"Can you boys keep it down in there? We're trying to [grunt] sleep [moan]."