 Chapter 3 -- Running on Pain 

Reggie pulled away slowly, his own actions appalled him, he might be a flirt and get down and dirty with his friends but kiss a guy he's known for less than an hour? Never. There was just something about this boy that seemed to scream "save me!" at him and make him want this man. 

Shinji's tears had stopped and the boy looked at Reggie with confusion mixed with a smidgen of hope. Shinji lifted a hand to reach out towards Reggie when he suddenly dropped to his knees with a gasp and clutched at his abdomen. His teeth clenched trying to hold back a scream as tears once again streamed down his face. Reggie could tell that these tears, however, were not from sadness but from pain. He dropped to a knee and placed a hand on Shinji's shoulder, "What's happening?" he asked full of concern. He could hear a slight buzzing sound. 

Shinji shook his head as if to ward him off but could no longer hold his voice back. As Shinji screamed he fell to his side and curled his body around his hands. Reggie was feeling panic rise within him but was not the kind of man to succumb to it, he shoved Shinji's hands aside and lifted the man's shirt to see if he was hurt. He felt a look of horror cross his face as he looked down at the wide belt that wrapped tightly around Shinji's waist. It was obviously electronic and from the way it sounded and the movements Shinji's body was being forced to make it appeared as if it was sending high voltage electric shocks through him. Reggie moved to rip the wretched thing off but Shinji pushed him away and seemed to protect the device. After a moment longer the buzzing stopped along with Shinji's scream, the only sound in the apartment was Shinji's heavy pained breathing. Reggie didn't move, waiting for an explanation. Shinji opened his eyes finally and pushed himself off the ground slowly, he put his shirt back down covering the object of torture and looked towards the door, "I have to return now, if I don't get back soon... " the boy hesitated for a moment trying to chose his words carefully, "well let's just say I don't want to be late." 

As Shinji reached for the door Reggie pulled himself up to lean against it and bar the way again. It hit him though that this was dangerous territory he was wading into and he had to tread carefully, "Listen Shinji, I'm not a stranger to S&M but this..." he gestured towards the hidden belt. He shook his head then touched the boys chin again, this time the boy looked into his face without his nudge, "If things ever go too far, know that here you are safe." Reggie turned and opened the door to allow Shinji passage. Shinji watched him for a moment then smiled softly at his savior, "thank you," he said and left. 

********** 

Reggie lounged on his couch flipping through channels on his huge plasma tv. He was bored again so his mind automatically began to wander towards Shinji. It had been almost a week since that night and Reggie couldn't get him out of his head. He had never felt so protective of another being before that he simply ached with the pain of not knowing if the boy was even alive. After seeing a device like that he knew the risks that were involved when that level of "play" becomes commonplace for the Dom; it simply gets more dangerous. 

Reggie sighed, maybe Shinji was a true masochist and enjoyed that level of pain but Reggie couldn't believe it, not after knowing that earlier that same evening the boy tried to kill himself. No, this level of pain had moved past what Shinji wanted, the Dom was abusing their Sub. Reggie let out a growl of frustration, there was nothing he could do about it, he felt so helpless. All he knew was the man's name and age, he had no idea where he lived or how to get in contact with him to make sure he was alright. Reggie was a true Dom and having no control was eating away at him. A thought struck him suddenly, maybe Shinji didn't want to talk to him, perhaps his kiss had scared Shinji off, perhaps the boy's Dom was a woman like Nic and the boy wasn't gay at all... Reggie face palmed and threw his head back as if to plead with the ceiling. What was he doing?... Why did he feel like this towards a man he barely knew? 

A pound on the door pulled Reggie from his thoughts and he pulled himself out of the leather cushions, "Coming!" he yelled at the door as he made his way over. The pounding got louder, Reggie unlocked the door, "I said I'm, what the-" a flash of white and red and blonde flew past him, kicking the door closed in it's passing. Reggie was startled but heard the click of his automatic door lock. He could hear heavy breathing coming from behind him and when he turned to look at his intruder he was speechless, all he managed to get out was, "Shinji?!" the boy that had been invading his every waking thought for the last week was standing before him wearing a loose white buttoned shirt that he could almost see through and khaki pants, the clothing was ripped severely and he was coved in blood, a gash on the left side of Shinji's forehead and a black eye on the right, along with several more cuts and bruise showing through the clothing made it obvious that Shinji just had the shit beaten out of him. Once Reggie had fully taken in the sight he became filled with a white-hot anger and took two long strides to stand by the boy, he grabbed his shoulder and demanded, "Who did this?" Shinji simply shut his eyes tight and shook his head. 

Pounding resounded against the door again followed by a loud voice, "Bitch! Get out here! Now!" 

Reggie saw Shinji's eyes widen in fear, not breaking his stare at the door, and his body trembled under Reggie's hand. Reggie understood now, Shinji was running for his life, and he came to the only place he felt safe. A dead calm washed over Reggie as he discovered exactly what he was meant to do, he stepped in front of Shinji and bent a little to look directly into his eyes, "You're safe." 

"Bitch! Ya got 10 seconds to get your skinny ass out here or you will experience pain like you don't even know!" Reggie glared at the door and walked over to it and opened it wide, the man standing before him was only slightly taller than Shinji, he was Asian as well but he had a much more American accent. He had short black hair and his slightly stouter figure made Reggie confident that he could protect Shinji. "Who the hell are you?" the stranger asked rudely. 

Reggie narrowed his eyes at the man when he realized the stranger didn't have a scratch on him and when he glanced back at Shinji, the boy gave him that look again that pleaded for saving, Reggie turned back to the assaulter and said with complete seriousness, "I'm Shinji's new bodyguard. You're not welcome here." 

The man stared at him with a blank expression then glared at Shinji, Reggie stepped forward and to the side to block the strangers view, forcing him to glare into his face instead of Shinji's. The man assessed Reggie for a moment then gave a nonchalant, "pfft, is that how it is now?" Reggie didn't privilege him with a response just a slight nod and a cross of his arms against his muscular chest to form a shield between the Dom and Shinji. The man's eyes narrowed and he shoved his hands into his jacket pockets, "I see. Well, we'll see how long it lasts until my little bitch comes crawling back to me begging for forgiveness, which will only be granted after a thorough punishment..." he threatened loud enough to make sure Shinji heard him. 

Instead of glaring, Reggie grinned at the man, "Don't worry, he'll have no desire to seek you're forgiveness, I'll make sure of that," Reggie leaned forward slightly and gave him a meaningful look with a mischievous glint in his surprisingly green eyes, "personally." 

*****AUTHOR NOTES*****

I saw in a comment interest in the Manga title "The Guardian's Shadow" I mention within the story and wanted to clarify that it is my own manga story idea that is in the works (need a good artist) and may be released as a side story in the future. Also, for more regular weekly updates of this story you can check my website in my profile. Thanks to everyone who reads this! Love you all! -Tariel 