 Chapter 8 - Woman in the Red Dress

A few weeks had passed since Reggie's public appearance and the beginning of Shinji's training. Things had been going fairly well. Reggie took Shinji with him in the mornings now and he had officially offered Shinji the job as his personal assistant, which Shinji was more than willing to do, it gave him an even greater connection to Reggie and he didn't feel like such a freeloader anymore. People from the publishing company had been introduced to Shinji and he made sure to take the Japanese approach and bow rather than shake hands in a greeting. Most people found the action cute and they happily obliged in the custom.

Lucas was a common annoyance to the two of them though Shinji felt more awkward than annoyed when in his presence, Reggie just took the man in stride though he had made very clear to Luke not to touch Shinji again. Reggie made a small precaution for any public citizen who knew of his circles customs by providing Shinji with a brown leather wrist cuff that indicated that he was a sub in training. It was a piece of jewelry that indicated the status while still remain acceptable to wear in public settings such as work or shops.

Their days had become routine; coffee for breakfast, errands at the office, lunch out somewhere they felt like eating, home where Reggie worked in the study while Shinji did the house chores, dinner at home then relaxing together. Their nights were not as routine. Shinji's training continued while Reggie introduced new toys and positions that Kengo had never bothered to show him. Shinji was happy; controlled and happy.

It was during one routine evening when Reggie sat on the couch while Shinji was curled up in his side as they watched a new action movie together that the doorbell sounded unexpectedly. Shinji hopped up excitedly and ran to the door wondering if it was just another late night package that arrived often enough that Shinji was comfortable with the task. As he opened the door however he was shocked to find a beautiful woman standing before him in a tight red dress that was low enough to just barely hide her panties. She was slightly shorter than Shinji was and her skin was a warm mocha color with glitter sparkling on its surface. Shinji's eyes roamed down her long wavy raven hair and down her curvy body. Her full red lips spoke and Shinji forced his black eyes to meet her stunningly blue ones.

"Ohhh... who're you?" she spoke with a slight trill to her voice that only served as more proof of her Latino appearance.

Shinji wasn't sure what to say. Shouldn't he be the one asking her that question? How did this creature end up on Reggie's doorstep? She must have had the wrong address. Shinji was just about to tell her she must be lost when the sounds of Reggie getting up, cursing under his breath interrupted his attention.

"Shit. Stupid broad..." Reggie muttered as he walked over to the front door. He moved Shinji back behind him with his strong hand as he put himself as a barrier between him and the woman. He glared at her and spoke rather rudely, "What the hell do you want, Annie?"

She laughed in a high pitch that made both Reggie and Shinji wince, "Reggie, baby, is that any way to talk to your mujer?" Shinji's eyebrows shot up in surprise at the woman's statement and at her action when she leaned forward to push her body against Reggie's.

Annie wrapped both her arms around Reggie's neck and her large bosom threatened to fall out of the tight dress that had no sleeves or straps. Shinji noticed a ring on one of her fingers that looked like a steel o-ring collar and Shinji knew from what Reggie had taught him that this woman was an unclaimed sub within his circle of sex associates. Shinji wondered what Reggie's relationship with this woman really was.

"Baby, I was so worried, we haven't seen you around the club and Luke keeps teasing all of us saying you found a new toy and are too busy playing alone to play with us!" her voice was whiny and Reggie could smell the strong scent of alcohol on her breath. 

"You're drunk," Reggie stated with his eyes narrowing, he hated chaos and Annie was providing just that, "Go home."

Annie scrunched her nose up and released Reggie, "¡Pinche Pendejo!" she scoffed with a playful punch to his arm, and with a motion that defied her drunken state she slipped past Reggie to saunter into the house; knowing the layout already. She winked at Shinji on her way towards the kitchen. "Would you really kick a chika out on the street in this condition? You really care so little, Reggie?" 

Shinji turned to look at Reggie, telling him with his eyes that they couldn't send her away this late at night. Reggie gave a heavy sigh and shut the door, conceding. "You can sleep it off on the couch; clothes stay on, Annie," he yelled after her though he couldn't see her around the corner of the hall.

Annie leaned back to look at them around the wall, her breast were fully exposed and she had an evil glint in her eyes as she smiled at the two men, "What's the fun in that?" and she disappeared around the corner again as they heard the fridge door open.  

Reggie slapped his forehead in exasperation, this was not going the way he had hoped for his evening. Shinji blushed furiously at the sight of the half naked woman and didn't make any motion to move out of the hallway. Reggie glanced at him and smiled slightly, he wrapped an arm over Shinji's shoulders and whispered in his ear softly, "Have you ever been with a woman before?"

Shinji's face became an even brighter shade of red as he shook his head in response. He looked up at his master with wide eyes, wondering what Reggie suddenly was planning, Shinji knew that tone of voice.

Reggie grinned, a look that matched Annie's, and led Shinji forward back into the living room, "So, Annie, what did you have in mind then as fun?" Reggie sat Shinji down in a chair as he sat himself on the couch.

Annie walked over, handing the two men a cold beer each; her dress down around her waist making her huge breast show in all their glory. Shinji felt his cock twitch slightly at her brashness and her beautiful curves. Reggie noticed Shinji's reaction and thought maybe tonight wouldn't be so bad after all. Annie sat down on the couch; filling the distance between Reggie and Shinji. She smiled and leaned into Reggie, filling the space that Shinji had been in before her arrival.

"So el niño is your new sub, Reggie? Why haven't you brought him down to the club? Need help training him?" as she spoke, Annie stroked a finger up and down Reggie's broad chest. The Dom couldn't help but notice the glare Shinji shot at her flirting with his master. Shinji remained silent despite the protests running through his mind and across his face.

Reggie grinned, "Actually there is an area I could use your assistance in, Annie." Shinji's ears seemed to perk up as his gaze focused back on Reggie, wondering what in the hell he needed this woman for that he couldn't accomplish on his own. "I think Shinji here has gotten a little spoiled during our private training together, if I hope to take him to the club I need to get him used to being around others. Perhaps we can do something along the lines of what you, Luke and I did that one Halloween." All three of them had set their unopened beers onto a small side table behind and between the couch and chair before even making a move.

Annie smiled brightly, "Yes! Perfect!" and with that, the woman stood and removed her dress entirely, letting the shimmering red fabric fall on the floor. She pulled off the red stilettos and tossed them aside as she got to her knees in front of Reggie and began unzipping his denim shorts.

Shinji made a move as if he was going to stop her but halted himself mid stride, trying to remember his place. He looked at Reggie with not only curiosity but also a look of unbelievability. Why was Reggie allowing this woman to do these things? And in front of him no less. Reggie tried to hide his smile as he watched Shinji's internal struggle, "Well? What are you waiting for, little one? Help Annie."

Shinji's jaw dropped at the order but as things began to click into place he obeyed by removing his own shirt and pants (with a bright blush as Annie paused to gaze at his body) and he dropped to his knees beside the woman who had just finished removing his master's pants and took his soft dick in her palm.

Annie actually gave him a soft smile of understanding and gently placed her hand on Shinji's back, a silent sign of encouragement and comfort, as she took Reggie's length into her mouth, swirling her tongue around to try and bring it to life. Shinji felt his cock twitch and start becoming hard at the sight of this beautiful woman sucking his master. He moved his own hand to cup Reggie's balls, massaging them gently in the way he knew the man liked. The soft groan that escaped Reggie's mouth gave both of them the slight joy of knowing they were pleasing him.

Shinji found himself start to relax, his master and the woman were no stranger to one another and they were teaching Shinji a new way of loving, he became fascinated by it all and decided to try his best to keep up with the two experienced lovers.

Annie's head bobbed up and down a few times until Reggie became erect enough for her to move her mouth to the side to allow Shinji room to join her. He did so, moving his own mouth in time with Annie's back and forth the long thick shaft. Reggie watched intently as the two subs worked on him, the sight making him even harder.

After Reggie was good and ready Annie stopped and positioned herself over Reggie, a knee to either side of him as she maneuvered his cock to her slit. She kissed Reggie passionately and slowly lowered herself onto his waiting cock, her pussy already dripping with desire. Shinji had a front row view to all of it, being able to see every twitch of muscle as Reggie slid into her. His own cock was now hard with arousal.

Reggie's big hands moved to grasp Annie's perfect ass. He spread her cheeks, revealing her pink hole to Shinji as he gave out a husky command, "Prep her Shinji, lick her ass." Shinji was grateful that the woman was actually extremely clean, always keeping her body ready to be dominated. He obediently moved forward and began using his tongue to wet her back entrance. He heard Annie moan along with his licks and he also heard the sounds of the wet slurp as Reggie continued moving in and out of her. Shinji was encouraged by the sounds and slid his tongue into the pert ass, the hole seemed to respond willingly. He tongue fucked her ass for a little while, in time with Reggie's movements and when he thought it was wet enough he stuck his finger in his mouth and moved the lubed digit to her ass, sliding it in easily. Annie let out a loud moan as Shinji fucked her ass with his finger, quickly increasing it to two fingers as her ass relaxed, wanting more.

When Shinji knew her ass was ready for more than fingers he brushed his dry hand across Reggie's thigh, a silent indicator that his job was done. Reggie slowed down and lifted Annie off his cock easily. She stood for a moment then turned around and bent to kiss Shinji, her hands going to cup his face close to her. Shinji felt his eyes close as he got swept into the feel of her soft full lips, the sweet smell of her perfume, the purr of her voice entering his very being. Then he felt her being pulled away from him as Reggie pulled her hips back and his cock plunged into her ass. She gave out a little yell as the pleasure threatened to overwhelm her. Shinji's cock throbbed at how erotic they looked, her wild raven hair swaying with her body, his strong arms lifting her up onto him so that her legs spread. Shinji could see every intimate part: Reggie's huge cock pounding her ass, Annie's hand moving to play with her clit a moment, then her spreading the lips of her pussy. 

Reggie ordered his sub in a husky voice, "Fuck her with me, Shinji." 

Shinji couldn't hide the drops of precum that had already been escaping from his erect dick. Nodding, he moved forward placing his own slim hands over Reggie's larger ones, just behind Annie's knees to keep her legs up and spread. Shinji hesitated for a moment, this would be his first time ever sticking his own cock into someone and he was slightly afraid though he didn't know why. 

Shinji was snapped out of his reverie however by the woman's begging gasps, "Please... Please fuck my pussy!" and with that Shinji plunged forward, his virgin cock sliding deep inside her tight cunt. Shinji moaned loudly with pleasure as he felt the warm wetness swallow his length, his hips started moving back and forth to the rhythm Reggie was setting, and Annie's scream of ecstasy filled the room as she was completely filled from both sides. 

They fucked her tirelessly, pounding into her tight holes, bringing her to climax over and over again. Both Reggie and Shinji could feel the other's cock through the thin wall that separated them moving inside her. It wasn't too long before Reggie gave a husky groan as his body tensed up and began shooting ropes and ropes of thick cum into the tight ass. Shinji could feel it all with his own cock as Annie's pussy tightened with her own orgasm and Shinji's trapped dick climaxed inside her, filling her womb with his seed. The three of them came hard, Shinji's cry mixing with Annie's as they reached that pinnacle of ecstasy.

Both the men's cocks slid out of her, trailing cum from both entrances. Reggie held Annie's body as she collapsed onto him, exhausted from that round. Shinji dropped to his knees, catching his breath as the sweat dripped off him. 

To his dismay he was still hard and when he looked up at his two lovers he was caught off guard when he saw both of them looking at him as though they were going to devour him. He dropped back onto his rear and held his body up by his arms as he stretched his legs out in front of him, putting a little space between him and his potential attackers. Reggie whispered into Annie's ear and she smirked, her eyes locking onto Shinji's face. She nodded once and said a seductive, "Yes, master," as she slid off of Reggie onto her hands and knees and began to prowl towards Shinji like a cat about to pounce.

Annie rubbed her body up Shinji's; her breasts teasing Shinji's erection as her body moved into position above him; her wet pussy lips rubbing against his shaft. Shinji couldn't see it but he could feel Reggie's large hands move up his legs and grip his thighs.

Reggie used some of the cum dripping out of Annie to lube up Shinji's ass. His fingers slipped in easily and Shinji let out a moan and his hips ground up causing Annie to give a silly little squeal of delight. Reggie worked Shinji's ass lose and the subs continued grinding against each other. Shinji let out a frustrated moan and Reggie and Annie both knew he was ready again. Annie maneuvered her body and slid Shinji's cock into her pussy with a moan of pleasure to being filled again. Reggie moved forward and plunged his cock deep into Shinji's ready ass also moaning as his large cock got squeezed by the tight hole. Shinji, getting both his ass filled and his cock pleasured, screamed in ecstasy. Reggie began to pump his cock in and out methodically as Annie began to bounce up and down on Shinji's length. Shinji couldn't stop the screams and moan of pure pleasure. Annie matched Shinji with her own voice as Reggie's hand wrapped itself in her hair at the base of her neck, forcing control on her. 

They moved like this with ferocious vigor as Reggie was able to control both of them, causing the two subs to be continuously aroused. Reggie almost lost control as he felt Shinji's ass tighten as he orgasmed into Annie again causing her to scream with her own climax. Reggie held back though, continuing to pound into his sub. The smell of sex and sweat surrounding them as the intermingled their bodies right there on the floor of the living room. Shinji began to beg; pleading for Reggie to fill him as well. 

Annie collapsed next to Shinji, her body still wrapped against him though, she moved his head with the soft nudge of her hand on his cheek and kissed him softly as Reggie continued to fuck him. She pinched his hard nipples and nibbled his bottom lip causing his body to arch and then he felt it; Reggie's body tensing and filling him with ropes of thick cum. Shinji's seed splashed over his chest and stomach as he climaxed one last time.

**********

Shinji woke up feeling sticky as he attempted to roll over on the bed. He found himself trapped however by a slender arm wrapped around his waist. He looked over to see a mass of black hair move from the steady breathing escaping from under it. The previous night rushed back to Shinji and he blushed brightly as he slowly removed Annie's arm from around him.

Reggie walked up to him, offering a hand to get him out of bed which Shinji took gratefully. Reggie led him into the bathroom where the water in the shower was already running. Shinji noticed that Reggie was already cleaned up, a towel wrapped around his waist and Shinji hopped into the warm water gratefully, washing the sweat and dried cum from his body. 

Reggie handed him a towel as he finished and Shinji felt so much better, the sleep and exhaustion washed away. Reggie spoke softly as he wrapped his arms around Shinji from behind as he wrapped his own towel around his waist. Reggie whispered into his ear, "Good morning, little one. Did you enjoy last night?"

Shinji leaned back against his chest, deciding to be completely honest, and replied directly, "Surprisingly, very much. I had never been with a woman before, let alone with a man and a woman at the same time. It was wild."

Reggie smiled, glad his sub had adapted so well to the situation. "There are many ways to love, you made me extremely happy, Shinji. Perhaps soon we can go down to the club together and I can show you off." 

Shinji smiled and blushed at the compliment, "I think I would like to meet your friends and learn more about my favorite person."

Reggie squeezed him in a tight hug, "I'll tell you anything you want, little one."

Shinji turned around and wrapped his own arms around Reggie's waist. He kissed Reggie playfully then asked suddenly, "So tell me about this Halloween with you, Annie, and Luke..."

Reggie's jaw dropped and he found himself being the one to blush for a change as he looked away from Shinji's face, "Errr... Well you see... There was a lot of alcohol..."

*****AUTHOR'S NOTES***** Thank you everyone for the comments! I had some errors last time that people helped me catch so thank you to all of you who gave constructive criticism! I'm the only one who reads these before I upload them on here so I don't catch them all the time! Anyways, I hope you all enjoyed this chapter and look forward to the next! Check out my profile links for more information! Also, kudos to those who get the pun in my title!