 Chapter 7 - Training

Reggie stopped, his hand on the knob to the door, key already unlocking it, and he spoke with his back to Shinji, "By walking through this door you understand what you're getting yourself into, right? You'll be in the public's eye, Kengo might find you again, and I expect obedience and loyalty from my Subs."

Shinji nodded then realized that Reggie couldn't see him, so he said softly, "I believe it will be worth it."

Reggie smiled and finished opening the door to walk into the safe haven that the two of them called home. Shinji followed behind Reggie, prepared for whatever lie ahead of him. Shinji looked back to make the door shut behind him and before he could turn back he heard Reggie say firmly, "The safety word is 'Tariel'."

As Shinji turned back to look at Reggie with surprised eyes he felt a big hand circle his throat and slam him back against the door. "Reggie?" he gasped out before realizing that Reggie was smiling at him and had pure lust in his eyes. Shinji felt his cock twitch at the sight. Reggie smashed his lips against Shinji's and his tongue forced the Asian's mouth to open and surrender to its onslaught. Reggie released Shinji's throat and wrapped his strong arms around the man and pulled him away from the door practically lifting Shinji off his feet. Shinji kissed back passionately, wrapping his arms around Reggie's neck, and letting himself be swept up. Reggie continued walking backwards, pulling Shinji towards the bedroom. As they stumbled into the room, they didn't bother to turn the lights on since sunlight still shone through the window that evening. Reggie lifted Shinji and tossed him onto the bed unceremoniously and watched Shinji stare up at him from the bed as he loosened his tie and slide it out from his collar. Shinji blushed slightly and squirmed under the unwavering gaze of the towering man. 

As Reggie dropped his tie, followed by his shirt, onto the floor he took the black belt from his waist and leaned forward placing a knee on the bed and covering Shinji with his body. They kissed again and Reggie's hands trailed down Shinji's arms from the shoulders down to his hands then brought them together above Shinji's head. Reggie broke the kiss and smiled mischievously again as he used his belt to tie his new Submissive's wrists together.

Shinji gasped as the belt tightened, and his cock fully sprang to life. Shinji blushed as he glanced up and realized Reggie was looking at his crotch, noticing his arousal. Reggie slowly began unbuttoning Shinji's jacket and shirt, spreading the cloth to reveal the tan chest, now fully healed. Shinji squirmed slightly, unable to bear the slowness, it provided its own sort of torture. Reggie moved his hands over Shinji's chest as he straddled the tied man, his knees on each side, his own bulge extremely close to his victim's. 

Reggie trailed hot kisses up Shinji's abs and chest, pausing at his peck and swirling a tongue around his nipple. Shinji let out a gasp as Reggie nipped at it to send a slight jolt throughout his body. The gasp turned into a moan as the tongue trailed up to latch onto Shinji's neck, sucking at his throbbing pulse. Reggie pulled away, grinning at Shinji's little protesting whimper and the kiss mark he had left. The big man's hands went to the smaller's waist to undo the belt and pants that were constricting Shinji's arousal.

Reggie removed his new companion's pants and stood up from the bed, causing Shinji to whimper even more at the loss of connection from his new master. Reggie smiled at the sound and walked over to his closet where he pulled out a locked chest and tugged a key chain with a single silver key hanging from it. He placed the key within the lock and turned it, revealing a chest full of leather equipment and black ropes as well as some other toys. Reggie pulled out some of the rope and some strips of black cloth as he dropped the pants on the floor next to the treasure trove.

When Reggie turned back though his smile had vanished replaced by a look of disappointment, "You didn't obey me today, little one," Reggie's deep voice penetrated Shinji and demanded respect. He walked over, taking one of the strips of black cloth, and tied it around Shinji's head, gagging him with it, but it was thin enough to not block his breathing at all; only making it difficult to speak. Shinji made a little noise as if he was trying to ask what Reggie meant and he answered Shinji saying, "Lucas Clearwater is a Switch who is privy to the customs and rules of the circle of people I associate with," his eyes narrowed as he looked down at his Sub while he tied the rope around the belt constricting Shinji's wrists and connect it to the wrought iron bars at the head of the bed, "Luke doesn't lay a hand on anybody who doesn't willingly touch him first. Its his own way of knowing which people are trained subs or not... The fact that he was hanging all over you means that you broke one of the rules I told you this morning; to not let anyone touch you."

Shinji's eyes got wide as he realized he had made a mistake. He had willingly placed his hand within Luke's. He had denied being Reggie's sub. Shinji tried to explain to Reggie what exactly had happened but the gag prevented him from getting much out. Reggie ignored his voice though as he lifted the other piece of black cloth and placed over Shinji's eyes and whispered into his ear, "Now for the consequences that you like so much, my little slut."

Shinji's cock jumped fully erect at the insult and the loss of his senses. Every touch was heightened to him, every sound sharpened. Reggie slid down to the end of the bed and teased Shinji's tip with his hot tongue. Shinji moaned through the gag and his hips moved forward, wanting more of Reggie's wet mouth. In a fluid motion Reggie took in Shinji's length and began moving up and down along his shaft. Shinji moaned louder as his head tossed back and his abs thrust forward causing him to go further down Reggie's throat.

Reggie moved his tongue skillfully and methodically, knowing the best places to lick. Shinji wasn't small at all and his cut cock filled Reggie's mouth, but Reggie had done this before and he was able to have his lips brush against the trimmed hair at the hilt.

Reggie got into a rhythm quickly, moving up and down, timing his breathing so he wouldn't be forced to pause to catch his breath. It had been weeks since Shinji had last cum and he knew he wouldn't last long against the skilled talents of his new partner. He had been reading since he first invited Reggie to his bed and he didn't like touching himself without express permission from his master so his balls had definitely been waiting for this moment. 

A pause in the motion was felt and soon after it resumed Shinji could feel a saliva slickened finger prode at his ass, slightly raised off the bed from all the thrusting he had been doing. The finger worked itself in slowly, only pausing to collect more saliva and precum as lube. A second finger went in causing Shinji to gasp as he thrust forward once more and his body tensed up in orgasm. Reggie's mouth released his throbbing cock as it began to jizz all over himself. The ropes of Shinji's cum shot across his abs and even up to his chest as the shivers of ecstasy rolled over him in waves.

Reggie leaned forward to have a small taste of Shinji's thick cum and drew one of his fingers through it then placed it within Shinji's own mouth. The sub could taste himself, the salty liquid somewhat foreign to him. As Shinji's body began to relax from the climax he felt a large hand scoop up most of the remaining seed on his chest. He could hear the slick sound of lubed skin rubbing against skin. Strong hands grabbed Shinji's waist and rolled him over while pulling him up causing him to get into position on his knees, the side of his face leaning against the cool pillow. He felt Reggie move forward and the tip of his new Master's cock push against his entrance. His ass was ready and hungry; with a grasp of Shinji's hips and a thrust, Reggie's large and extremely hard dick entered Shinji's causing him to yelp and shudder in a mix of pain and pleasure.

Reggie held still for a moment, letting Shinji become accustomed to his large size before he started to rock back and forth. The motion worked Shinji's ass and he relaxed and became looser as the pain faded to pleasure. Every thrust that went deep into Shinji caused both of them to shudder and claw for more. Reggie's fingers dug into the flesh of Shinji's hips as he used them to pull the sub onto him as he thrust, causing him to penetrate the man even deeper. Shinji felt himself become erect again. He groaned, wanting to stroke it in time with Reggie's thrusts and instead he felt a hard slap on his ass cheek and a large hand wrap around his body and grab his cock for him. 

Reggie stroked his sub in time with his thrusts, the rhythm increasing as they both got closer to climax. The sound of Reggie's pelvis and thighs slapping against his ass rang in Shinji's ears along with their heavy breathing and moans of pleasure. Shinji felt Reggie tense as he thrust deep into his ass; their movement halting suddenly. The sensation of Reggie's cum exploding within him sent Shinji over the edge again and he came with his master, his own cum splashing his stomach along with the bed sheets below him. 

After a few moments of cumming and heavy breathing, Shinji felt Reggie become smaller within him and he pulled out, cum following and dripping down Shinji. The sub rolled to one side and collapsed next to the mess on the sheets, the dom rolled to the other side, both catching their breathes for a moment. Reggie's voice broke the heavy silence, "That's a good start, my pet, but we have much more to cover in your training tonight." He gave Shinji a smile which the man kindly returned as Reggie got up to continue their passionate evening and into the night.

*****AUTHOR'S NOTES*****

This chapter was a bit shorter than I wanted and I was a bit late getting it done. The next two months are going to be super busy for me with RL work and college and family etc. I still plan to make time for my writing though thanks to all the people who have come to support me! 