 Chapter 5 - Healing 

     Shinji walked out of the bathroom with a red towel around his waist. He was still wet from the shower he just took but Reggie didn't mind the fact that he was dripping on the carpet, he was more concerned about all the bruises covering the body he wished to claim. He watched him from his spot in a lounge chair next to the master bedroom window, he pointed towards the bed, "There's some clothes you can sleep in, I apologize that they are too big for you." 

     Shinji looked at him with a raised eyebrow, "Sleep? So does that mean you're letting me stay here tonight?" 

     Reggie looked at him appalled by his question then clarified, "Do you not live with Kengo? The man who almost killed you tonight?" 

     Shinji's cheeks turned red as he looked down at the floor, "Ah, right." He walked over to the bed and picked up the clothing, there was a pair of black bicycle shorts and a large sky blue shirt with the picture of an anime character on it. Shinji maneuvered the shorts on under the towel then held the shirt up in front of him to examine the picture more closely. Shinji looked back and smiled brightly at Reggie, "It's Tariel, the Guardian Shadow!" Reggie smiled to himself as he watched Shinji turn into a kid on Christmas as he wiggled into the shirt that was far too large for him. Reggie chuckled as Shinji went to admire the shirt in the mirror, "This shirt is awesome! Wish I had something like it." Shinji tried to spread the shirt flat so he could see the manga hero better. 

     Reggie stood and walked up behind him to look in the mirror as well, "If you like it that much I'll try to find one for you in your size." 

     Shinji smiled at the thought then frowned slightly, "I can't afford it. I don't have any money and because of Kengo's... habits... I don't have a job..." 

     "Well you can stay here till you find a job, you can use anything you want, I'll only have one rule I ask of you." Reggie's tone had gone serious. 

     Shinji replied hurriedly, "I can take care of the chores! I'm good at housework, that's how Kengo had me pay rent..." 

     Reggie's eyes narrowed, "I take it back, I have two rules. The first is never talk about Kengo again, put him in the past and don't waste any of your time on him." Shinji nodded solemnly, " I don't mind if you want to help around the home but my second rule is that you not enter the study, that is my work area and is private." Shinji nodded again and didn't ask why, which is something that pleased Reggie greatly, people that asked too many questions about answers that didn't concern them was a pet peeve of his. "Thank you. Now I leave you to get some sleep." Reggie turned and headed towards the bedroom door. 

     Shinji reached out and grabbed his arm, "Wait a minute, are you telling me to sleep in your bed? Where are you going to sleep?" 

     Reggie gave him a blank look, "The couch, obviously." 

     Shinji blushed furiously, "You don't need to do that for me, this is your room, you should sleep in your bed." 

     Reggie smirked, "Are you really being picky about the sleeping arrangements?" Reggie shook his head and explained, "You're the injured one so you can have the bed," Reggie's smile vanished, "Also, I wouldn't put it past your ex to try something stupid so I'd feel better sleeping between you and the door. Good night." and with that Reggie turned and left the room shutting the door behind him. 

********** 

     Reggie heard a soft knock on his study door, "Yes?" he asked loudly. 

     "Dinner's ready, Reggie," Shinji spoke happily through the door. 

     Reggie smiled as he heard Shinji go back to the kitchen and stood up from his desk and stretched. He grabbed a bag off the floor by the door as he headed out into the living area and towards the small dining area in the corner between the kitchen and open living room. It had been almost a month since Shinji had started staying there and they had fallen into a comfortable routine with one another. Reggie usually had errands to run in the morning and Shinji would have coffee ready for him as he walked out the door, he came back around lunch time, which Shinji had ready for him, and then he would work and eat in his study until it was time for them to eat dinner together. The evenings they usually spent together getting to know each other, playing video games, or watching movies. Reggie continued to spend his nights on the couch which was super comfy so he didn't have any complaints, he was keeping true to his promise to Shinji. 

     Shinji sat at the table waiting patiently for Reggie to sit across from him at the little table. Reggie set the bag on the floor next to Shinji's chair and sat down in his own. Reggie began to start eating the delicious sushi dinner his housemate had made, he felt so lucky that Shinji was such a good chef and could create his favorite dishes. Shinji stared down at the bag instead of touching his plate, "What is this?" he asked curiously. 

     "A gift for you. No big deal just thought you'd enjoy it." Reggie took a bite of the rice and fish with his chopsticks. 

     Shinji picked up the small bag and looked inside it. He pulled out a sky blue cloth that was folded to display the image of Tariel that he admired. "The shirt you said you'd get me..." his voice was soft as he gazed at the picture. 

     "I'm nothing if not a man of my word," Reggie stated flashing a bright smile across the table. 

     Shinji smiled back and shifted to unfold the shirt so he could try it on. As the shirt came lose a hard object fell into Shinji's lap and he stared down at it startled. His eyes got wide as he realized what it was. "How?" he whispered in awe. He picked up the small manga book and ravaged the beautiful colors on its cover with his eyes, "This hasn't even been released yet, how did you get a copy of the next 'Guardian's Shadow' manga?" 

     Reggie smiled, almost giddy at watching Shinji's reaction, he knew this would make him happy, "Oh, I know a guy. Do you like it?" Shinji looked at him as though asking him 'Are you serious?' and Reggie laughed at his look, "I'm glad." 

     Shinji wrapped the book back into the shirt, as if it was a precious crystal he refused to allow to shatter and set them both back in the bag. He then took his chopsticks and began eating, his smile never leaving his face. 

********** 

     "Good night, Shinji." Reggie's deep voice said as he sat down on the couch. Shinji stood next to the door to the bedroom in his pajamas and wrapped his arms around his waist. After a few moments of silence Reggie noticed he was standing in the doorway watching him, "Did you need something?" he asked curiously. Shinji blushed and mumbled something that Reggie couldn't make out. "What was that?" 

     "I said I'm not injured anymore!" Reggie stared at him wondering if Shinji meant what he thought lay behind that statement, "I... You... You should come sleep in your bed... If you want..." Reggie's eyes went wide and he smiled and lay back with his feet up on one arm of the couch and placed his hands behind his head at the other end, "I'm glad that you're not hurt anymore but I'm not quite sure you could handle me yet," he said playfully. 

     Shinji frowned slightly and walked forward and dropped to both of his knees, at Reggie's side. Reggie raised an eyebrow and watched carefully, "My body may have been wounded but my heart feels lost without a Master..." Shinji stated all this with conviction in his voice as he looked at the hands in his lap. He looked up into Reggie's face, passion smoldering in his eyes, "I want you to fill that role, Reggie." 

     His eyes narrowed, "That is not a thing to state lightly, Shinji." 

     "I'm not saying it lightly," his face was full of determination. 

     Reggie sat up and looked at Shinji seriously, "I'll make you a deal, next week there is a big convention I was thinking of taking you to. If you'll go with me and still feel the same way about me afterwards then I'll accept your offer." 

     Shinji nodded, "Deal." 

     Reggie smiled and grabbed Shinji's hands to pull him up as he stood himself. He pulled Shinji along by his hand as he walked him to his room, kissed his forehead, and whispered good night. Once the door had shut and the barrier that kept Reggie's emotions in check, he let out a sigh and walked over to the guest bathroom to take care of his needs.

**********

     That passionate look that almost annihilated Reggie's wall of self control swam before his mind's eyes. He had almost given in and ravaged the boy right there and then on the hardwood of the living room floor. It had taken all his will power to restrain himself. Heat rose up Reggie's body as he stroked his long cock imagining the Asian man being in his arms. He leaned against the wall of the shower as the hot water flowed down his muscular back. He continued stroking, picturing Shinji bound before him, the boy's moans of pleasure as he entered Shinji's well shaped ass. The smoldering look in his eyes as Reggie brought him to climax... 

     Reggie let out a deep moan as his seed splattered against the tiled shower wall. He stayed still for a moment letting the shivers of ecstasy pass over him. The heat left his face and neck as he wound down. He breathed heavily as the hot water continued to pound against his back. Reggie released his cock; his erection finally abated. "A week is far too long to wait..." he said aloud to himself, a tinge of impatience mixed with burning desire in his tone.


*****AUTHOR'S NOTES*****

Sorry everyone for the confusion with the last chapter. It was actually Chapter 4 and this one is Chapter 5! Want to say thanks for the great comments and to keep them coming! Tune in next Monday (6/25) on my blog (located in my profile under the Contact tab) for Chapter 6! =D