 **********AUTHOR'S NOTES**********

Since I failed to warn about the Hetero sex in the last chapter I figured I would move my Author's notes to the top rather than the bottom, to give adequate warning for any specifically non-gay male category elements. n this chapter there will be slight Het sex but no real detail on it. There will also be some non-consent elements so if you don't want to read the story then when that seems to begin, skip to the last paragraph. Otherwise enjoy the long awaited chapter 9 and thanks to all of those that were patient while I had to go out of state to visit my dying grandfather. Your support has been a great relief and help. 

Chapter 9 - Invitation Only

Reggie was actually a bit nervous for once. This was the first time he would take Shinji out in the capacity of being his submissive partner rather than his personal assistant. He wasn't nervous about Shinji's behavior at all, the young man was a natural and had learned his group's style very well.

It was the others he was nervous about.

Some of them were big on sharing, and others had a hard time keeping themselves in check when a pretty new toy shows up. Reggie didn't want anything to go wrong. This was also the first time he had ever cared so much for one of his subs. He thought it might possibly be love but Reggie didn't want to jump to that conclusion too soon. He wanted to make sure Shinji could accept all of him, including his club activities and his past, before he would let himself believe that he was in love.

Reggie was dressed in a simple black T-shirt that hugged his broad chest and impressive muscles tightly. He also wore black slacks that sat loosely and an arm-brace that Shinji was told signified his position as a Dominator. The brace was silver and went from his wrist to his elbow, on the inside it had a small black leather crop held to it by rings.

Shinji, in contrast, wore a white button up shirt and loose khaki pants with a silver collar around his neck to match Reggie's bracer. The collar had a single O-ring dangling at the back of his neck. Reggie had owned the collar for a long time but this was the first time he'd given it to a partner to wear. It signified completion of training, that master and servant were synced and trusted one another.

As Reggie gave Shinji one final look-over he brushed the stray hair out of his face, which caused him to look up into his Master's face. He was nervous too. Reggie gave a soft smile, relaxed by the fact that he wasn't alone in his anxiety though they had different reasons. "Don't worry, Shinji, you'll be fine. You've come a long way since our first night together." Shinji blushed slightly but nodded as his shoulders seemed to relax slightly.

With that, Reggie led Shinji downstairs into Reggie's black Mercedes-Benz SL550 Roadster, his baby. About half an hour later Reggie pulled into the private parking garage that required a passcode and card key to enter. Once parked Reggie led Shinji to the private elevator in the garage and pressed the button 10 to take them to the top floor of the tall building. Once the door opened Shinji was slightly surprised to find themselves in a tiny white room that was more like a very short hall. The only thing in front of them was a black door with a computer screen in it's center. Reggie touched the screen and it came to life and displayed a simple message, "Only those invited may enter. Please state your name or scan your invitation."

Reggie spoke, filling the room with that deep bass Shinji had become so comfortable with, "Reiji Yamashita." They both heard the door click and Reggie pushed the door open. Inside, Shinji was taken aback; nothing would have prepared him for the sights that demanded his attention. Reggie placed a hand at his back and pushed him forward into the room, heading to the bar across the huge space.

Shinji's eyes roamed everywhere; everything seemed to glow within darkness. Blue, purple, green and pink lights highlighted every aspect of the room. Soft leather couches circled the large open area where people, half naked, danced to the pounding bass of the music. Some made out on the couches while others sat at a rare table, chatting in a sophisticated manner. The entire club reminded Shinji of both a rave club and a classy gentleman's lounge at the same time. Everything was chic and looked expensive, real crystal chandeliers adorned the ceiling while beautiful wine goblets sat, half empty upon the smooth white marble tables. At one particular corner of the room Shinji could have sworn he saw a bed with a couple fucking on it while men and women casually watched, sipping their drinks, some touching themselves. It was a place both elegant and savage at the same time.

As Reggie arrived at the bar, he didn't sit but ordered two drinks and looked around the club for familiar faces while the handsome and shirtless bartender got their order. Shinji stood next to him silent and still though his eyes kept drinking in the phenomenal sight.

Reggie noticed a hand waving at him from the edge of the mass of moving bodies in the center of the room. Reggie smiled and waved back when he realized the hand belonged to Annie, dressed in a tight white dress that contrasted nicely with her tan skin and black wavy hair. Not surprisingly, her breast were falling out of the top and, after getting acknowledged, returned to rubbing against the dancer next to her.

Shinji blushed slightly when he saw her and his gaze returned to his master. Reggie handed him a champaign glass full of a red liquid and then led him over to a small table, out of the way so Shinji could get a better view of everything. After a moment, and to Reggie's slight annoyance, Luke sauntered over to them and leaned against the back of an empty chair as he smiled at the two of them, "So, the new love birds finally grace us with their presence! You have been gone a long time from this club, Reiji-sama."

Luke's voice was dripping with sarcasm and teasing as he bowed in a grand gesture. He grinned at them though, showing his playful nature. Shinji remained silent, though smiled at Luke's silly behavior. Reggie grinned, returning the sarcasm, "Well I feared you might try to steal away my pet if given the chance."

"Ah!" Luke exclaimed jovially, "but the night is still young, Dom among Doms. I may yet still try to claim this young one's heart!" Luke gave a laugh then shook hands in a gentlemanly manner with Reggie as he retreated back into the crowd.

Shinji returned to watching the other members of this super exclusive club. His eyes kept going back to the couple on the bed in the corner, he tried to see the faces of the woman and man. She was on top of him, riding his cock and yanking on a chain that was connected to the leather collar around the man's neck. Shinji's jaw dropped as he recognized the ever-shy and timid Misaki being a completely ruthless Dom on exhibition for everyone. Reggie gave a slight chuckle at Shinji's expression and said simply, "It's always the quiet ones you have to watch out for. They're usually the kinkiest."

Reggie and Shinji sat there at their small table, chatting to anyone who came up, some were friends of Reggie's wanting to catch up a bit, other were interested, to Shinji's slight dismay, in trading subs with Reggie or in starting some group thing. Shinji was happy though every time Reggie politely turned them down. Shinji only want Reggie at that moment, after what he had gone through with Kengo, he was still afraid of strangers that might treat him harsher than he desired.

Reggie was glad he had come. He hadn't realized till then how much he had missed his friends and the atmosphere of the club with no name. He usually felt more relaxed in this place, free to be himself. Shinji was enjoying meeting new people, and even more thrilled by the fact he was being introduced as Reggie's lover rather than assistant.

Shinji whispered a few words to Reggie which he nodded to and pointed towards a side door for Shinji to head to as he continued his conversation with the friends currently sitting with them. Shinji thanked him and left in search of the bathroom. Reggie continued talking to his friends, catching up with them and trusting Shinji adapt enough to find the men's room without wandering off.

As Shinji walked through the door, he found himself in a long hallway that had many doors attached to it, each door was a different color but the walls were all black with white lighting making the colors of the doors stand out. He walked past them quickly till he came to the end of the hall where the restrooms split into two choices. Shinji entered the men's room and did his business quickly, wanting to return to Reggie's side.

Shinji returned to the somewhat eerie and silent hall, following the distant beat of the bass music. Reggie had mentioned this hall to him before; the rooms were used for different things: role play, bondage, different outdoor settings, group play, even one with a pool for some water fun. Shinji knew better than to even touch a single door without his master. The eerie silence came from the fact that all the walls were heavily sound proofed and nobody was around in the wide hall.

Shinji jumped at the sudden movement when the red door opened and a pretty young girl sauntered out in a huff. She presented the finger to whoever was in the room before storming off down the hall and back into the main club area. Shinji found himself slightly curious and walked forward slowly once the girl had disappeared. Once he reached the room though, instead of getting the chance to peer in, Luke stepped out, almost walking into Shinji.

"Oh, hey there," Luke said, slightly surprised at Shinji's presence. He looked down the hall where the woman had disappeared to and gave Shinji a grin as he pointed a thumb at the door and said playfully, "women. So difficult. This is why men are so much better." He leaned forward, as if to throw his arm around Shinji again like he had so long ago at the convention.

Shinji moved back quickly, not allowing the man to touch him. Luke was thrown off guard and looked at Shinji in confusion. Shinji felt a little guilty and said quickly, "You know I belong to Reggie; only he can touch me."

Luke's eyes narrowed dangerously as he leaned forward, "Let me tell you something about Reggie. He's a controlling freak that expects perfection from everyone. He is incapable of loving his pets and once any other man touches you or you break a single rule, he will get rid of you like last month's Shonen Jump. You might think you're safe in his embrace but you're nothing special, punk, just a shiny new toy," Luke was obviously angry; though Shinji wasn't quite sure if he was angry at him or at Reggie. Shinji took another step back and found his hands slightly raise to be ready to push the angry man away. This reaction just made Luke angrier, he grabbed Shinji's wrist and, with a single movement, pulled him past him and tossed him into the room.

Shinji felt flustered at first with the sudden forced movement but that feeling was quickly replaced by fear when he looked around and saw he was now alone with Luke in the bondage room and that Luke was locking the door behind him. Shinji turned to face his new enemy and backed away, trying to keep his distance. Luke was obviously stronger than he was but Shinji hoped he was faster.

Sadly it seemed Shinji was wrong in his assessment and found himself quickly backed into a corner of the room. There were chains on the walls of the room and all sort of tables with contraptions that bound a person to them in different positions. On other tables tools and other sexual torture devices were on display, allowing the Dom to choose from a variety of fun methods.

Shinji could feel his heart pounding in his chest as Luke reached and grabbed a leather crop sitting on one of the tables on his way towards Shinji. Shinji made a lunge to get past Luke and felt the wind knocked out of him as Luke slammed his body against his, pinning Shinji to the wall. Shinji felt his heart jump into his throat as he felt cool metal around his wrist and heard the click of it locking. Shinji fought back, trying to push the force of rage off of him, trying to bring his knee up as a barrier, bringing his free hand back to pound a fist against his attacker.

Luke gave out a maniacle laugh as he grabbed Shinji's wrist in midair and slammed it against the wall to join the other. Shinji's movement, while amusing to him, did make things difficult to clasp the other manacle and impossible to get his feet clasped as well. Luke pulled back his strong right arm and placed a well aimed blow straight into Shinji's solar plexus, causing the man to buckle, gasping for breath, and losing all fighting ability. Luke took this pause to force Shinji's free wrist into the other manacle hanging on the wall and bent quickly clicking the lower chains to each ankle, causing Shinji to hang there spread eagle, gasping for air.

**********

Reggie looked around, getting slightly worried. Shinji had been gone from his side for a while, and the bathroom wasn't that difficult. Reggie decided to investigate, slightly annoyed if it turned out that Shinji was dawdling. He entered the men's room but instantly noticed that it was empty. His brow furrowed and worry began to enter him again. He returned to the club room, searching the crowd, asking the people who met Shinji if they had seen him. Reggie could feel the heat rising in him, the shiver of fear threatening to consume him as Shinji seemed more and more lost to him.

**********

Shinji felt tears run down his cheeks as he heard his clothing tear with Luke's strength. He stood against the wall, shreds of cloth hanging over his shoulders, his smooth chest exposed. His pants torn in two around each ankle. He felt vulnerable to Luke's stares and he felt his muscles tense when he saw Luke wringing the crop in his hand, preparing to use it.

Luke ran a hand down Shinji's thigh, feeling the taut muscles, smiling then pulling his arm back he slapped the leather across the thigh. Shinji winced in pain, biting his lip to keep from yelling out, a red welt rose where the crop had struck. Luke pulled back again, rage consuming all his features, and struck him again on the other thigh. Shinji tried to fight back by remaining silent though he wasn't sure how long he would last. Reggie never caused him pain out of anger, he hadn't experienced this since his time with Kengo, which seemed a lifetime ago. As the memories came back with every strike the tears became stronger.

"Stop it, Luke!" Shinji screamed after another welt appeared. Luke paused and instead of hitting his thigh Luke glared, the smile disappearing, and he brought the crop across Shinji's cheek, causing a thin line of blood to appear and Shinji finally screamed out.

"You are nothing but a slave!" Luke yelled at him, "You don't order anyone, dog!" he struck against both legs again and Shinji's muscles finally gave out, collapsing under the pain and the metal of the cuffs dug into his wrists. Luke grabbed his face, covering his mouth and squeezing his cheeks, making the wound send a spike of pain through him. Luke came closer, forcing Shinji to look into his eyes, he whispered angrily, "Let's see how much Reggie cares about you once you've had my dick up your ass."

**********

Reggie kept asking people where Shinji could possibly had disappeared to. Nobody remembered seeing him and they could account for their own dates. Reggie was about to get ahold of the club owner, another friend of his, when he overheard a high feminine and rather preppy voice arise from the bar; a woman bitching to her friends about her date.

"And then the bastard thought it would be fun if we went into the red room to try some of those bondage toys. I told him I'm not into the pain scene but as soon as he picked up the crop and slapped my ass with it, I was gone. Luke is such a jerk when he gets all pitiful about a guy he can't get. I was trying to be nice to offer him a good time, but apparently he's dead set on getting himself a replacement for that new little Asian sub that showed up tonight. He knows he can't touch a claimed sub, I don't know what he's thinking he can do about it," she continued complaining about Luke but Reggie didn't catch any more of it as he hurried towards the red room.

Reggie turned the handle to find the door locked and without a moments hesitation stood back and kicked at the door with a strong leg, causing the lock to break off the door frame and swing inside the room. Reggie felt himself fill with rage at the sight of Shinji gagged, chained to a wall, his body covered in welts, his nipples pinched tightly by little clips, small trickles of blood running down his cheek and wrists where the manacles cut into his flesh, and his ass pulled parallel to the wall by Luke's hands, his dick fully erect out of his pants and ready to plunge into Reggie's lover.

Reggie was across the room in four long strides and before Luke could react Reggie large fist came hurtling across his face. Reggie practically tossed Luke across the room to get him away from Shinji. He was grabbed the man's shirt and punch him once more in the face, causing Luke's lip to split open. Pure hatred danced across Reggie's eyes as he looked down at the scum that had abused his partner. Reggie brought his fist up again, ready to land another blow when the weak groan behind him broke him free of his rampage.

Reggie looked back at Shinji's broken body, and once he realized that Shinji couldn't stand he dropped Luke to the floor and rushed to help Shinji. Reggie yelled down the hall for help, Annie (who had decided to help Reggie look for the missing sub and her friend) came running after them, bringing the club's security. "¡Ai dios mio!" she exclaimed at the sight of Shinji being supported by Reggie.

"Find the keys Annie, he can't stand and the chains are cutting him," Reggie ordered the female sub, who complied immediately by looking around the room then searching Luke for them.

Shinji's eyes searched Reggie's face as his master released the ball gag from his mouth. He whispered weakly, trying to make sure he let Reggie know, "I didn't touch him... I didn't want this... I-"

Reggie interrupted him, shushing him like a lover, "It's okay... I know, Shinji... You're not to blame for any of this... I'm here now, don't worry..."

Shinji gave a small smile of relief and gave in to the pain as his eyes closed and he passed out in Reggie's arms. Annie found the keys hanging on the wall by the door and rushed them over, unlocking the cuffs on his wrists and ankles, allowing Reggie to cradle Shinji in his arms wrapping a jacket that a security guard offered up around his waist. Reggie held Shinji's body close to him, as though he were a precious royal prince.

Luke spit blood out of his mouth as he sat up and glared at Reggie, "Why?!" he yelled after them as Reggie began to walk towards the door. "Why do you treat him so tenderly when his body was defiled by another? You never cared for me, nor Annie, nor any of your other pets like you treat him! What makes him worthy of the silver collar?!"

Reggie paused for a moment and looked back, slightly sad but more of a dangerous calm that had taken over him, "Because I love him." Reggie continued walking out the door, carrying Shinji out into the club.

The music had stopped and the people were all talking about the missing person. This exclusive club had formed a bond with every member, trusting each other, and to hear that a claimed sub had been abused by another member sent shivers of fear and anger throughout the crowd. It felt as though their sacred sanctuary, where they didn't have to worry about being themselves, had been defiled by this dreadful act. Gasps rose from the bystanders as their eyes fell upon the broken body of the unconscious Shinji. Reggie went straight out of the club, taking Shinji to the hospital, hoping that nothing had been broken or permanently damaged.
