 8===> The Ultimate Frustration Finally Hits Home



The closer it got to spring break, the more I was wanting to go up to Kent and see Derek. Even though I had tried to put him out of my mind the last few months, that tug at my heart was still there. Every time I masturbated, I was thinking of him. Every guy at school, I compared to him. Every time I played Mario, I imagined him beside me kicking my ass. I had given it almost 3 months, but I was hopelessly hooked on him. 

Since I really didn't just want to be vegging around the house over the break in classes, I said what-the-hell and decided to drive up for a few days...totally unannounced...and see what kind of reception I got. I knew from his texts and a phone call, that he would be around and even if I got the brush off, I could just run on up to Cleveland and do the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. My plan was to weasel out of him his schedule and just drop by the store to surprise him. Risky sure. But I had to. I needed to! 

I'll never forget the date...March 15...the Ides of March. The madness, pleasure, and pandemonium that our crazy relationship had been for almost two years now said the date fit far too perfectly as one to test its strength again. Having found out the day before what shift he worked, I drove up around noon so I could be in the store an hour or two before he got off. After finding the huge superstore, I parked and worried about my plan. Maybe I should have called and asked about coming up? What if he has some babe moved in with his horny ass? Nah! That he would have already bragged to me about. What if things have totally changed and I get invited to stay, but relegated to the couch? Can I deal with any of the scenarios that were bouncing between my ears? 

Finally I just inhaled and walked through the parking lot to the double electric doors. Once inside, I walked the entire store in hopes of just stumbling upon him, but had no luck. Just as I was about to make a second loop, I caught sight of him coming out of the backroom by the produce department and watched as he headed down the cereal aisle. I wandered that direction and saw him talking with another employee about halfway up the aisle. I patiently waited and just drank in his body. It had been more than two months since I had seen him and the same old feelings were right back. His long legs and high and tight ass looked so good in the clingy khakis he was wearing. My mouth watered and my crotch twitched. I moved closer acting as if I was looking for a specific brand and kept grabbing glances his way. To kill time, I took a box of Wheaties off the shelf and flipped it over as if I was reading the nutritional information. He finally finished up and didn't even notice it was me as he walked towards me. I turned and before he could get any further, held the box out and questioned "Does this stuff really give you extra energy?" The smile on my face was large in hopes I would be getting a similar one back.

"BRAD!" His voice was almost loud enough to be heard through the whole store and he rushed forward to grab me in a bear hug...something I would have bet my life on never happening in such a public place. The closeness had to have also allowed him to feel the throbbing of my instant erection as he held me and slapped my back. "What the hell are you doing in my store and this far from home?" was his comment as he finally broke the embrace. 

"Mom sent me out to get some milk and I made a wrong turn I guess." My grin was matching his at that point and my fears out in the parking lot were at least temporarily subsiding. "Now I probably have to drive all the way back and I will miss dinner," was added in half jest. 

"Drive back my ass! You had better be here for more than the afternoon dude." Derek sure seemed to be as happy to see me as I was seeing him. "You are staying at my place and we are catching up." The wide smile I always loved was there again. Maybe this had been a good idea after all. After a little bullshiting, I told him I would chill out in the Starbucks next door for an hour until he was off. I was finishing up my second mocha when he strutted through the door and slid into the seat across from me. I was unsure of what the next 48 hours would bring, but at that moment, I was just happy to be with my old friend again. 

* * * * *

As I drove south on I-77, headed back for home two days later, my face held a giant smile while my mind was reliving the reunion Derek and I had shared. We had done the town at night as he dragged me out to a couple of clubs full of college kids that he had been frequenting. I had wandered the giant campus while he worked and checked out the quaintness of the bedroom community that Kent was. It was much smaller than Zanesville...more along the lines of a big Mayberry...but with a huge university plopped down in the center of Main Street. Derek's small garage apartment was located about two miles out of town, but I could see immediately why he had taken it. Sitting on the edge of a lake with ducks and geese and large shade trees for a backyard, I would have chosen it also. The catch-up time included everything from how school was going for me to the expected recounting of his sexual escapades in the new city. My heart was tugged at, but when it finally came time for sleep that first night, he didn't even act as if there was any option for me but to be beside him in his bed. This was still the Derek-Brad, buddy-buddy show in more ways than one evidently, and I just followed him when he asked if I was ready for bed. 

Just like any other night of the many sleepovers we had done, Derek began to strip down without any pause. I took my time though, choosing to watch my friend's body come into view for the first time since before Christmas. His tan wasn't totally faded, but the normal summer and fall darkness was much lighter. His back muscles still stood out as he raised his polo over his head, and my cock stirred as he slipped the tight Wrangler's down his long, firm thighs. His Joe Boxer briefs slid partway down as he pulled off the jeans and I held back the lustful gasp that was on my lips as the little dent at the top of his butt split teased me. Finally, I joined in getting down to my underwear and climbed in beside him. I knew this would be an interesting night one way or the other since it was almost impossible for our bodies to not be touching in the twin bed that had come with the furnished apartment. 

"Sorry for the tight fit, buddy. This is all I have unless you want to sleep on that lumpy couch or in the bathtub." In the shadowy darkness I could see the gleam of the grin on his face. He knew full well that I was right where I wanted to be. The only question was who is making the first move? I decided to take it with a verbal joust.

"Nah. This is fine so long as you don't get jerking so hard that you bounce me out." Yeah...a little on the blunt side...but I wasn't spending the night jammed up against him without at least opening the door some.

"That goes both ways buddy. I don't want to be smacking my head against the wall because you get too excited and shove me sideways." Again, the whiteness of his toothy grin was easily seen in the darkened room. It was just like we were back in high school again and doing the dance...both wanting the same thing and neither willing to say it or start it. 

Derek stretched out on his back and I rolled up on my side. Those were our normal positions and in the cramped bed, they gave us a little space between us. After some talk of plans for the next day we let the silence take over. I had allowed my hand to drop between us and rest lightly against his outer thigh. I wanted to brush the fur that was there, but scared to take it that far so quickly. It had been so long since we had been in this position, that it was almost like our first time all over again. How prophetic that thought became when I suddenly heard a familiar noise in my ears...the damn pube scratch code! 

I snickered silently to myself. Instead of giving him the same noises back, this time I moved my hand enough to let him know it wasn't just a pre-sleep spasm. That brought on more of the thick hair scratching from him. Deciding that this wasn't going to be some silly assed, drawn out, bad foreplay, I slipped my hand up across his leg and rested it at the bottom of his boxers. His hips moved just enough to let me know the answer to my unasked question was yes, and I worked two fingers inside the loose leg opening. Derek's legs spread as I moved the rest of my hand inside and cupped his balls. 

When I heard the slight moan, I think I was more excited than ever before at that point. This was not only a sign that he and I were still OK to play; but it was also the first time we had complete privacy without other people being in the same building and didn't have to worry about being as quiet as possible. Even if it only meant groans of pleasure from him and a good cry of 'I'm cumming' from me, tonight was going to be special. I was rolling his fat nuts in my palm when his hand twisted in my hair. It didn't take much urging from it, for me to drop my face to his chest and suck on his right nipple. As I sucked and licked until the nub was as erect as our cocks were, his moans got a little more pronounced. My hand moved up in his boxers and found the hot throbbing flesh that I hadn't seen or touched in months. I nipped at his boy tit at the same time I squeezed his rod and that brought his hips up into my hand more. The hand in charge of my head began pushing me lower as if it needed encouragement. My hand slow stroked as I planted kisses all the way down his still athletic, v-shaped torso. I knew he didn't particularly like the kisses; but also knew that he secretly loved it too. I swathed his thick pubes in spit and then held his pole straight up for my waiting lips. 

Suddenly two hands were now in my hair and I let him guide me down onto his rock hard bone. I spent a good ten minutes making love to his shaft before he pulled me off and did a spin in the small bed so we could sixty-nine. When his warm wet lips took me I damn near came, but went back to work on his shaft and returned the favor. We stayed coupled that way and working each other for another ten minutes before I felt the unstoppable movement in my balls. The reactions I was getting from Derek said we were headed for a mutual orgasm and I blurted out "Don't stop," in between swallows on his cock. 

His hips bucked into my face and he was squeezing my ass cheeks. My own hands were roaming his butt and lower back as I sucked him like never before. My throat was taking a pounding but I didn't care. He was concentrating all his mouth action on my mushroom and had me right at the edge when I took one last gulp and had him impaled deep in my gullet. His knees locked on my ears and a more than audible 'Oh fuck yes,' spilled from his lips just before they latched tight to my dick head. Two or three more humps from his hips and I felt his body go rigid...the same as mine did as we both exploded over and over and over. 

I didn't want to let go of the lip grip I had on his sticky and softening cock, but Derek spun again in the bed...looking for a place to spit my spooge I assumed...but he totally surprised me and just laid down beside me. Knowing he had just swallowed my load put me in dreamland without even being asleep! We didn't cuddle or snowball like I would have wanted to; but I also didn't get one of the typical recountings of a score with a chick like had been his standard after we had sex. Something had changed ever so slightly it seemed, was all that was going through my mind as I drifted off into satisfied slumber.

* * * * *

The second night at Derek's wasn't quite a total repeat of the first as I became the total aggressor in bed. Like he had been prone to do in the past back home, he simply laid back and let me pleasure him and then finished me off in his hand. I also had to suffer afterwards through one of his thinly veiled attempts at proving to me that he was really straight by telling me how much the one babe at the dance club we had gone to that night, had wanted him. After all this time, I had grown used to the machismo he had to drape himself in so often. Even though I wanted to pin his body down and kiss him until he begged me to never stop, I knew that Derek was going to be Derek until he decided to let the real Derek out. My forcing the issue in any way would only drive him even deeper into the closet I was certain he was living in. 

It was early evening when I took the ramp from interstate 77 south onto westbound I-70 for the final 30 minute drive home. I drank in the glow of the rising full moon and let my own feelings glow inside; somewhat content in the knowledge that there was still something there that held promise between us. I just had to be patient would become my continuing mantra. 

* * * * *



School kept me busy through the rest of spring, and the part time job I had taken at Target created just enough time conflicts that I couldn't make a return trip up to see Derek until after school had started again in the fall. He had been home a few times for quick visits to his parents, but the only real time we got together was a one night camp out at our favorite spot on gramps' farm in mid July. The distance in miles and time was taking a toll on me. Even though Derek never failed to want to be intimate whenever we actually had the chance; the opportunities were becoming more and more scant. The times he was home, I begin to wonder if I was simply a convenient surrogate when he couldn't snag an easy piece of pussy. Our friendship hadn't really changed, but in many ways it had too. I knew the heavy schedule I had taken on for the fall semester would be busting my chops and I planned for a surprise overnight trip to see him in early October knowing that would most likely be it until he was home for Thanksgiving. 

I drove up to Kent late on a Friday afternoon. I knew he would be working the shit shift that night and not be off until 10pm. I used the spare key he had given me earlier that summer to let myself in the cramped apartment and made myself at home. I sent him a text at work. 'Don't eat anything. Late dinner is steaks. Bring some potato salad from the deli.' I added a smiley face at the end and hit the send button. 

Only a few moments later my phone lit back up with a return message of nothing but 'You at my place Brad?' 

Some quick finger motions and I sent back another of 'Yeah. Hope that's OK stud.' 

I waited more time than I cared to for a response this time but got a positive 'Sure! Just wanted to make sure you meant that for me. LOL' on my screen. A second text arrived right after with 'See you around 10:30 buddy.' 

I let out a sigh of relief to myself, knowing that just dropping in on him on a Friday night without warning wasn't necessarily the smartest thing to do. I got the BBQ set up to go around 10 and settled in to watch some TV until Derek got home. 

By the time the steaks and potato salad were gone, we had caught up on all the latest news and Derek had kicked my ass at Mario three straight games. For once, he hadn't subjected me to all the vivid details of his last sexual exploits and encounters. He mentioned several times; almost too casually; a local girl by the name of Lacy that he had been out with several times. When the typical bragging about what a good fuck she was didn't come, I wondered to myself if he was actually growing out of the male whore stage. Turned out, that it was more along the lines of Lacy being totally committed to being a virgin on her wedding night and poor Derek evidently couldn't break through that barrier...no matter how much he had tried I am sure! I didn't push for more information and he didn't offer any. 

When it finally came time to crash, nothing but our ordinary dance seemed to come into play. We headed for the small bedroom together, stripped to our boxers, and were soon trying to position ourselves in the tight bed without it being obvious that we both had half bones already. Even after all this time of a physical relationship, there was this unstated understanding...from Derek's side of things anyway...that we didn't show overtly before hand, what we both knew would end up happening when we shared a bed. It was actually funny that we would end up sleeping nude together, but the unofficial rules said we weren't permitted to start out that way even though we both crawled under the sheets alone that way any other time. It was only a few minutes before I felt the bed rock a little and heard the soft 'mmmm' from his lips, which had become his alternative for the pube scratching code. It was Derek's way of letting me know that he was taking care of the erection he had, and that I could join him in any manner I desired. Just in case he wasn't certain what my response would be, a fuzzy calf hugged up against my lower leg and shifted with enough regularity to let me know he wanted to play if I did too. 

Let's see...two guys who have been getting each other off for more than two years sharing a too small bed with their raging boners...like I needed a hint or a suggestion! I simply rolled up on my side and draped my leg over his as I lowered my face to his pecs and began to suckle a nip to hardness while my right hand searched for the hard lump under the cotton shorts. One of Derek's hands went to my hair and fingers twisted in my locks. The other found my own near bursting briefs and massaged the large lump I was sporting. 

I worked my lips down across Derek's abs and slathered his happy trail with kisses and spit. My hand reached down between his legs and cupped his full nuts before I tugged at the leg of his boxers.

His hand pushed my face lower at the same time his long legs spread. Even though he was good at being dominate with his hand on the back of my head, Derek seemed to relish me being the aggressor when it came to getting him naked, and I used both hands to yank his boxers down his thighs and free his package. He kicked them off his feet and I swiveled around on the hope that he wanted to 69. 

He slipped his hand inside my briefs while letting me take my time teasing his balls with my tongue. It took only seconds to find out how horny he really was since my undies quickly were yanked down my legs and strangling my ankles. His lips encircled me before I even touched his cock, and there seemed to be extra passion from his lips as he worked them over my mushroom. 

It had been so long since we had been together, that I knew I wouldn't last long and immediately swallowed his slender tool all the way. His hips bucked up into my face as I felt the head brush past my tonsils and he shuddered as I used my throat muscles to squeeze even tighter on his pole. 

The action Derek's head began to make was like a five year old taking on their first popsicle...rapid deep tongue licks with tightly locked lips that I did my best to match at the same time. We had been doing this same thing for so long that neither of us bothered anymore with attempting to warn the other that we were about to cum. We knew from the reactions of each other's bodies when the impending flood was coming. He knew I loved his sweet juice and would take it all, and I knew that odds were in my favor that since we were doing each other, he would most likely finish me off in his mouth also. 

That night he surprised me though. As his knees pegged themselves to my ears, normally denoting that his creamy slime was on its way, he spit out my cock and wrapped his hand firmly around it. He was stroking me furiously to bring me over the edge and when my typical tsunami of white wads came, they splattered all over his face, chin, and upper chest. He had never done something like that before and it brought him to a climax in my mouth like no other had ever been. There must have been at least seven or eight ropes of his sweet fluid splash into me before his knees abandoned their grip on my head. It was one of the few times that my swallowing muscles couldn't keep up and some of his sticky jis squirted out between my pinched lips and dribbled down my chin and cheeks. 
