 Everything leading up to the wedding says it can't happen! 

8===>

The next few months was a mixed bag filled of ironic fate and cruel luck. 

I should have been easily able to transfer to the Target in Kent, so I had employment worked out. Or so I thought. They had a slot for me, but one that could only guarantee 12 to 15 hours a week. I needed at least 25 to make ends meet. Thankfully, a position at Derek's store popped open unexpectedly, and he cashed in a favor with his senior manager to get me on. I wasn't certain working together would be the best thing, but then I didn't have many choices at that point either. And he was getting married anyway, so I assumed my feelings would ebb even if I would be around him during waking hours almost as much as Lacy would be. 

The next fly in the ointment was housing. I had been able to snag the apartment just down the block from Derek's, but in the middle of July and two weeks before I was to move, the current renter managed to start a kitchen fire that got completely out of control and pretty much gutted the place. The landlord had another...an old fishing cabin with a large living room, decent sized bedroom, and compact kitchen with a patio about a mile away on the other side of the lake...but it was taken until the first of October. I needed to be moved long before that! I had made a rush trip north as soon as I got the news in order to beat the other incoming college students that would be scrambling for off campus housing also. Like everything else, Derek had a simple solution that was actually anything but. 

"Remember? The wedding isn't until October 15th, buddy. Just camp out here with me for a few months." His face broke into a wide grin and he added one caveat. "You have to help me jazz up the place though, so that when we get back from the honeymoon, Lacy doesn't feel like she has been moved into a bachelor pad." 

Even though I knew that eight weeks together in the small quarters would most likely be a little awkward and even border on uncomfortable, I gave in to the big smile he had and accepted the offer. With a job and a place to live covered, I once again began to feel better about the upcoming changes in my life. Lacy and I had already become fairly close, and I was doing my best to get ready for the 'Derek and Brad Show' to move on to it's next act. The part of the script I didn't know was coming, was when we went to bed that night and shared each other's hands on the other's erections. Nothing more. Nothing less. My mind didn't even attempt to find an answer to how many more 'one more times' is there going to be? 

* * * * *

When I arrived at the start of August, I quickly was put to work on the changes Derek had planned...beginning with helping him move in the new queen sized bed. Since Lacy; according to Derek; was still adamant about maintaining her virginity until the wedding night, he explained that the bed would be a total surprise for her. "I was going to wait to get it, but figured with you here, it would be better to get it ahead of time." He paused, and then added: "Plus, she really likes you and won't mind if we break it in." The double meaning behind that line wasn't lost on me, but from the look on his face, I wasn't sure whether or not he realized what he had said. I found out when he came home late that night from Lacy's house, and we ended up helping each other jerk off. 'God please get me through the next couple months,' was the silent prayer I offered up from behind tightly closed eyes, before I surrendered to sleep. 

That mutual masturbation scene was replayed almost nightly that first week, although I tended to let Derek make the first move each time. When I did finally take the initiative and start things after a week of sharing hand jobs, he almost immediately cupped my head and pushed my face down across his abs to his thick pubes. A softly uttered 'Please,' had slipped from his lips as mine circled the quaking mushroom in front of them. Based on how quickly I was able to make him cum, said that he hadn't been blown in a long time and that Lacy's virginity pledge must have included her mouth also. Like so many times we had back in Zanesville, I had to settle for a good hand job while I savored the taste of him in my mouth. That once again became the norm for us for the next six weeks. 

* * * * *

The closer it got to wedding week, the more harried my life became. Between work, school, and all the endless duties of being best man; I was running ragged. More nights than not, I would end up falling asleep studying in the living room or quietly crawling into bed long after Derek had gone to dreamland. By the time it was the night before I was to move into my own place, it had been almost a full week since Derek and I had been physical with each other. I wouldn't be sharing his bed after tonight and two more weeks after that, he would have Lacy taking care of his needs. The desire for once more was burning through my whole body like an out of control forest fire.

By the time we hit the sack, I was mulling over in my mind whether or not to start something since it would most likely be the last chance. The look I got from him as we stripped down for bed, said that just maybe he was having the same thoughts. I let the prominent boner in my overly snug briefs tell my feelings as I splayed myself on the mattress. A quick glance at the one that had instantly formed in his ultra tight boxer briefs as Derek settled in beside me, said that he was long overdue also. 

After a few minutes of near total silence, I tossed anything resembling caution to the wind, scooted a little closer in the large bed, and rolled up on my side facing him. Pausing to decide whether to casually drape my hand over his hip or just go straight for his family jewels, was all the time it took for Derek to close the gap even more and for his leg to shift and move in between mine. As he half rolled to his side also, I felt both the hardness of his cock against my hip and the wetness of his pre leaking through his boxers onto my happy trail. I turned into one giant goose bump as his hands reached around me and yanked my shorts down my thighs. My own hands became like an invading army as I worked both of them inside the waistband of his undies and found him harder than ever before, I think. 

While I squeezed him and milked more of his juice from the slit, he tugged his own shorts off before taking my shaft in his hand. When our eyes met as we were teasing each other's tools, I saw a desire in his that almost put me over the edge. As much as I had grown to really like Lacy, I wanted her betrothed for myself and started to lean in to kiss him. I don't know if he knew what was coming and blocking it; or if he just was so horned up that he was ready to get down now; but Derek quickly pushed me to my back and straddled my upper thighs. There was a grin on his face that I had never seen before. He whispered a 'Shhh' followed by 'Enjoy' as his hand took both our erections and began stroking them together as his hard butt cheeks rocked back and forth on my full nuts. Derek's balls were hugging the bottom of my shaft as his hand pumped us as one. I was so totally owned at that point that I could do nothing but wiggle under him and look up into his glittering eyes. At that moment I realized that in his own way, he was telling me that he was as into me as I was into him, but in no way could verbalize it. I caught the slight nod of his head as he closed those beautiful eyes and gripped us tighter and stroked with more fervor. My own eye lids followed suite and I let my mind drift to another dimension where this would never end. 

I was still living in that fantasy when I felt Derek's hair brush against my chest and his lips working their way down my abs. My eyes snapped open in time to see him contorting himself even more. His hand was still wrapped tightly around both our conjoined cocks and I watched in total amazement as his lean body and toned abs allowed him to bend enough to take both our dick heads between his lips. I almost lost my load as the sensation of his tongue sliding all over both our mushrooms was coupled with the eroticism of both silky shafts slipping back and forth together. I allowed myself to enjoy the feelings for a few more seconds and then twisted my fingers in his hair. I broke the stillness with "I don't want to cum yet, Derek." He wordlessly replied by releasing the lock his lips had on our bones. As his head raised to meet my gaze, the unusual grin was still there...along with a dribble of pre seeping from the side of his lip. Whether it was mine or his or a mixture of both, Derek surprised me yet again by flicking his tongue out to swipe away the dab of white and take it back in his mouth. 

I don't think I had ever been so turned on as I was at that moment, but my buddy had yet another trick up his sleeve. He shimmied his rump up my stomach and planted himself lightly on my chest; his knees wide beside my head. Never one to do much more than grunt or moan when we were together, Derek had shocked me with the few words he had uttered already. Two more..."Your turn"...were added as he slid his throbbing cock over my lips. My mouth willingly parted to allow him access, and for a few minutes my best friend slowly face fucked me. My hands had just gotten a good grip on each butt cheek when Derek did the 180 spin while still buried in my throat. His hand roughly grabbed the base of my cock and as his hips continued to buck into my face, he took me fully and did what can only be described as 'making love with his tonsils.' It took no time for my own hips to begin their own upward thrusts. His tempo increased also and I made certain that every inch of his fleshy tool was getting full attention on each hump. The faster Derek's hips bounced, the more rapid his head bobbing became. 

When I wet my thumb with saliva and bravely rubbed it against his rosebud. A muffled, deep moan escaped his lips, and his cock stretched my throat open. His hand cupped my balls and massaged them almost as furiously as his tongue was stabbing my piss slit. I felt the dam beginning to give way and latched tightly to his ass with my hands. His thrusting into my mouth became more and more pronounced. So did the swallows he was taking of me. My hips slammed up hard once more at the same time I saw his butt cheeks clench. Mount St. Helens was nothing compared to the joint eruption we shared at that moment. As usual, I stopped thrusting but still climaxed many times over. Derek; as was typical; continued to hump and pump and bump, but with a string of short plunges as each new wad splattered inside me. He surprised me yet again, by not pulling off me right away, and working my deflating rod with his mouth. I also kept using my tongue to clean up any stray juice from him. There would be no need for Kleenex for either of us tonight. 

By the time our bodies started to recover, the rigidity of our spent tools was almost completely gone and I savored feeling him soft in my mouth for the first time. I wanted to stay like that until I had him hard again, but he twisted and wiggled and made me break the lip grip by spinning around. Just before he rolled to his side, he gave me a big smile and a wink. No words. No bullshit discussion even. Just a smile, a wink, and his back. I fought my way to sleep wondering whether I was really going to miss times like this...or if missing them was exactly what I needed for my life to go on. 

* * * * *

I managed to get my stuff moved the next day, and was attempting to settle into having a place totally to myself. It would have been so perfect to still be at Derek's, but a wedding 14 days away said it wasn't happening. Eight weeks living together had brought us even closer than before, but a diamond ring told me that Derek had no intention of dealing with what was truly inside him. I thought seriously about broaching the topic with him finally, but I also knew what damage it would likely do to our friendship if I did. He was too committed to Lacy and to trying to live straight for him to call off the plans at this late a date. I had trouble concentrating on much of anything those first few days...except the continuous replays of the what I had accepted was the final time, that ran through my mind. My sadness gave way to angst and finally to some minor anxiety, but after a week or so, I had moved on to the acceptance stage of what; in my mind anyway; was finally over. 

I continued to lust after my friend though. Being around each other at work and the many side meetings about the wedding, kept us in constant contact with each other. Each passing day was a little less tug at my heart as I attempted to let go; but at the same time, a little more difficult as my brain reminded me of what all we had shared for almost four years. More times that I cared to count, I had found myself staring at Derek at the grocery store, and fantasizing about taking him to a hidden spot in the back room to enjoy one more time. When I jacked off in the shower or late at night in bed, it was always to a vision of one of our pervious encounters. Every guy I checked out on campus, reminded me of him. I even popped a major bone while in the changing room with him at the tux rental place when we were being fitted for the wedding monkey suits. As October 15th drew closer, I seriously began to question how long I would carry the torch for him. I knew it was going to take until I actually heard him utter the words 'I do,' at least! 

* * * * *

The bachelor party had been yet another one of the duties that fell on my shoulders as best man. Since it would be just a dozen or so guys from work and a few mutual friends of Lacy's, I accepted the assistant store manager's offer to hold it at his apartment complex party house. Yielding to Lacy's wishes, there would be no stripper, but I had been assured that there would be plenty of booze and porn, so it ended up being that my main responsibility was to play designated driver for Derek. 

As the beer flowed and the triple X movies played that Wednesday evening, the group got more and more raucous. I had only a couple of beers and did my best to join in the gutter talk of the others during whatever sex scene was playing on the party house's big screen TV. By the time the evening started to wind down, Derek was pretty buzzed up and had even gone into confession mode, talking with far too much detail about his many, many, many conquests over the years. Just before midnight, I managed to get a slightly inebriated Derek to the car and head for his place. Since he was having a little trouble walking, I expanded my best man duties to include helping him up the stairs to his apartment. He was more drunk than I realized when after three tries, he still couldn't get the key in the door and I had to take over. He was leaning against me with his arm draped over my shoulder as we entered the living room. 

"You didn't get to party much, Brad," were the slightly slurred words that spilled from his lips as he flopped down on the couch. "You need to enjoy this night too. Get us a couple beers from the fridge and stay a while. Get a buzz on bro. You know you can always crash here." 

My mind short-circuited while pondering whether the offer was a tease, a temptation, or simply Derek not wanting to be alone. I tossed aside the questions while I grabbed two beers and joined him on the couch. We ended up downing two more each as we spent an hour yakking about all the good times we had over the years. Of course, none of those spoken memories included the physical side of the friendship...but they were definitely there...in my mind at least. With his speech slurring even more now, it was easy to see that Derek had hit his limit. Having never been much of a drinker, my own fuzziness was becoming apparent also. Derek stumbled to his feet and grabbed my hand. "It's late. Let's hit it," sloshed from his lips as he pulled me to my feet. The light high I had gotten gave me no willpower to do anything but follow him to the bedroom. 

As I stood beside the bed stripping down, Derek's level of intoxication became more apparent. He had way too much trouble getting his polo over his head, and then seemed to be unable to even unfasten his belt. I helped him get it undone and even popped the snap at the top of the waist band. By the time I was down to just my boxers, he had finally gotten himself unzipped and had managed to shove his jeans down to his ankles. He leaned against me as he struggled to get his feet out of the bunched denim. His next move both floored me and also said that he must be blitzed. While still using my shoulder as a prop, he reached down and slipped his briefs off, evidently having every intention of sleeping nude as he usually did when alone. We had both woken up that way together many times, but had never gone to bed in the altogether before. 'It must be all the booze,' I thought to myself, as Derek squirmed out of the undies and crawled into the bed as naked as the day he had been born. After a quick moment of half thinking, my mind succumbed to the beer also. I didn't know what the plan was...or if there even was one...but I followed his lead and wiggled out of my tight shorts too, before joining him wearing nothing but a hopeful grin.

We did little talking...mostly some more rehash about the party that finally ended with his critique of the porn. Thankfully, he didn't dwell on it too long, or go into too many details of which scenes he really enjoyed. Knowing Derek as well as I did, I was pretty sure his hands were playing with the silky shaft between his bare legs as he talked, but I didn't make an effort to encourage anything. With the wedding just a little more than two days away, and almost two weeks since we had last been together in bed, my mind was fighting a battle it didn't want to. I wanted him. Badly wanted him. But I also was scared to make a move. Suddenly the decision was out of my hands as he squeezed my shoulder, said "Thanks for being my best friend, Brad," and rolled up on his left side. 

My mind raced as I looked over at his back that was now facing me. 'So this is how it ends, eh?' I thought to myself. Both of us naked as jay birds, hard as concrete, and destined to get relief only from our own hands...if that even. I sighed audibly, turned to my left side trying to keep from working what had become a painful boner, and tried to search for sleep from behind tightly closed and moist eyes. 

There was just enough telltale motion from the bed a few minutes later, that I knew Derek must be pumping into his fist. His bare ass cheeks had bumped mine a few times as his hips worked in a methodic fashion that said he had a good grip on himself. I snickered to myself as I decided he must be practicing for Saturday night. I knew it had been well over a year since he had last fucked anything besides my mouth, and this must be his way of getting off tonight as a reminder of how to do things. 

Just as I had decided to join him in beating off, Derek did a major shift and rolled over to his right side. My fingers were playing in my thick dark pubes, when I felt his hardness press up against my lower back. My thumb had just swiped across my wet slit so I could taste myself, when I felt his pre juice leaking on me. In what I now know was a totally subconscious move, I wiggled back into him with my bubble butt. I could feel the base of his hard shaft jammed between my lower cheeks and his large balls brushing on the back of my thighs. I held a death grip on my cock as I felt Derek budge up tighter against me with the ever so slight, but unmistakable, gentle thrust of his cock. My ass responded with a clench on his tool and his body came back with a short series of thrusts. I had started to shift backwards at the same time Derek edged forward. I inhaled deeply and waited.
