 8===> Turkey day comes with a big bomb

Mom and grams had gone the extra mile with Thanksgiving dinner. Between the butter-glazed, Godzilla-sized turkey jammed with homemade stuffing; more side dishes than you find at a good church social; and four different pies for dessert; we were all destined to be pigging out all day. Derek had shown up just before noon and he dragged me off to the barn right away to make sure we had a good appetite. The smoke he brought along was fantastic and by the time we headed back for the house, more than just my stomach was rumbling with desire. Not seeing him for a while stirred the passion I felt but couldn't let out fully. The tight Wranglers I had on, should have left nothing to his imagination. They were showing a constant bulge from the erection that just being close to him caused. 

"Somebody forget to beat off before breakfast?" was the joking reference he made as he playfully smacked my crotch in the barn. I poked back at the lump that was showing in his Levis and tried to match the wide grin on his face. I wanted so bad to just drop to my knees right then and make love to his tool, but he stopped me as I tried to undo his jeans. "After we eat bro," and a big toothy smile was all it took for him to convince me to wait. Minutes later we were walking into the kitchen and were quickly drafted into helping get the final dishes to the dining room table. 

After gramps said grace, we all dived in and filled our plates. In keeping with the holiday, as we ate, we all discussed the various things that we were thankful for...health, happiness, my college venture, Brad's career starting, and of course all the food. I noticed that Derek had been slightly evasive when my Dad had asked about his job. His short 'Going real good, sir,' response was almost too contrived. Something was up, but he evidently had no plans of sharing it at the table. 

I shrugged my shoulders and piled more mashed potatoes on my plate instead of pushing for more information. By the time we were having to decide between Mom's cherry pie and Gram's spicy pumpkin, I was ready to unsnap the top button on my jeans...and not for what I usually wanted to with Derek. I grinned at him and took the liberty of being able to pat his tummy right in front of everyone. "You are looking preggo buddy," went along with my hand motions to his bulged stomach. Everyone laughed and I popped a bone that reminded me just how much he affected me. Thankfully the long table cloth hid it from everyone but Derek. He only grinned and did a return tummy stroke and asked if I knew who the father was of mine. Pretty sure I blushed redder than the cranberry sauce at that one since I knew who I wanted to knock me up. Damn! I couldn't even get through a simple holiday meal without wanting to make love with my best friend.

A cursory glance at the clock on the wall said we had about a half hour or so to kill before the kick off of the first game. Derek noticed it too, and beat me to suggesting a quick jog to burn off some calories. The grin on his face said he probably wanted some more dessert, but in a little more private setting. We quickly excused ourselves and headed straight for the barn. There was no doubt in my mind what he wanted when he came up with the idea of crashing out in the hay loft for a little while. As we climbed the ladder up to the secluded spot, I couldn't help myself from playing a little grab-ass with his cute butt. Plus, I wanted him to know just how much I wanted him. I hadn't jacked off that morning and was ready for any action Derek was up for. Hell...the amount of chubbies that he had caused just during dinner, had my cum makers begging for release. 

Once up top, I became more brazen and just spun him around in front of me. My eyes had to have been blazing as I stared into his and began undoing the snap on his Levis. Derek did a typical Derek thing and just stood there grinning at me and permitting me to begin to strip him. His hard cock made it difficult to get the jeans down, but with a little help from him, I soon had them bunched around his ankles. I ran my hands up under his pullover and brushed my fingers lightly over the nipples. I knew how that always put him that much more in the mood and smiled to myself when I watched his eyes snap shut and a soft moan escape his lips. His hands went to my back and then up to my neck. Both my thumbs and forefingers pinched gently at the hard nubs they found. Derek's knees quivered noticeably as I rolled the tips between them and his hands moved yet higher to twist in my hair. Within seconds of replacing one set of fingers with my mouth and chewing on his man tit, he was huffing out one word: "Please," and exerting downward pressure on my head. 

Derek didn't need to use any words...just concede to my lust was all. I think he knew that, but had come to realize that a few little vocals from him tended to make me even hornier and therefore more into pleasing him. As he kept playing in my thick locks, I kissed my way south down across his abs and teasing his belly button with my tongue. By the time my teeth had a grip on the wide waistband of his Diesel boxer briefs, he was kicking out of the jeans wrapped around his feet and shifting backwards towards the closet couple of hay bales. I used my pearlies to tug down the undies and he dropped his naked ass to the hay with his long legs spread wide. That intoxicating smile ate me alive and I dropped my head between his thighs and began to tongue bathe his nether region. The limited amount of communication between us about our couplings...during or after...had made me fine tune my ability to know what set him off the best and to always try something new to keep him stimulated for more. Sometimes the experimentation got a grunt of semi-displeasure and I made a mental note to not go there again; but oft times, a new spot or technique brought a passionate whimper. That went into the brain notes for future reference also. I may be damn near a virgin, but I had already figured out one important thing about being a good lover: variety!

When I used my teeth to tug at the extra heavy fur on the inside of his thighs this time, I got both a loud whimper and squirm. I moved my lips on up and did the same to his ball sac. His legs spread even wider and his torso went spread eagle on the hale bale. I had suckled his nuts before, but never intensely and never roughly. For some reason I had decided to go there this time and I quickly found the line between pleasurable pain and too much. After a few minutes of chewing and pulling and licking and pinching each nut between my lips softly, Derek was more open to me than I had ever seen him. I hadn't even touched his cock, and it was pooling pre juice all over his treasure trail. He was biting his upper lip and both hands were grasping the hay as I continued to make love to his full balls. I had unzipped myself and was slow stroking as I slid my tongue under his balls and across the knot there. Using my free hand, I pushed them aside and chewed hard on it knowing that it could take the abuse. 

"Awwww fuck!" was accompanied with a wild thrashing of Derek's arms. Obviously he was totally enjoying being taught something else new. 

I continued with my munching and then decided to push him to the verge of total ecstasy. My lips and teeth kept working the hard spot between his nuts and taint, but I occasionally just licked at it. When I allowed my tongue to slip to the very edge of his virgin rosebud and flicked it, the reaction was unbelievable. 

"Holy hell on a cracker!" The near scream came along with Derek's upper torso snapping almost straight up on the hay bale, grabbing my head, and pinning it firmly to his man twat. The accompanying moans that followed were ones of joy.

Obviously, I had never eaten ass before, but I just did what seemed natural and soon had him literally sweating in the chill of the late November air. After just a few moments of my attention to a place I was certain none of his many female scores had ever been, his mood changed though. He grabbed my ears and yanked my mouth off his man cunt and quickly and roughly jammed it down on his shaft. Completely unlike him, he also added: "Suck me off Brad. Fucking suck my hard cock. Now!" 

Looking back...I probably caused thoughts he wasn't at all ready to process. I mentally shrugged and went to work on his tool with the same fervor I had shown his ass. His fingers were laced behind my head and he helped my desire along by face fucking me like he never had before. I think it turned him on even more as I took it like the man I was. As his hips begin to buck faster into my chin, I also increased the tempo of my own fist. I was so into him at the moment that I didn't even care whether he touched me or not. I don't think I even wanted him to...just let him know that he owned me completely if he wanted it as much as I did. 

"Hey boys! You are missing the game!" exploded in my ears at the same time Derek's cock erupted in my throat. 

"Oh shit! Gramps!" I thought as my balls followed immediately and splashed my load on the hay bale and Derek's calves. With my mouth full, and thankfully Derek keeping his cries of pleasure behind pinched lips, I'm sure the old man didn't hear us...but damn was that close! 

Derek knew I couldn't speak with his dick still in my mouth and his giant cum load dribbling out of my lips. With a snicker he yelled down to gramps, "Be right there!" 

"You know you boys don't need to be smoking up there around that old hay," was the clueless next comment from down below. We both rolled in muffled laughter at that one as we hurriedly tried to get dressed again. 

"Oh we were smoking alright gramps...and if it had gotten any hotter, the whole barn would be to the ground already," went through my mind as I packed myself away and snapped my jeans shut. I watched Derek pull his Levis and Diesel's up in one quick, combined motion. It was kind of cute watching him hurry and then get the pullover back down from behind his head where I had pushed it at one point. Finally we were both situated enough to be able to climb down without looking like two teenagers crawling out of the back seat of dad's car at Make Out Point. 

The three of us walked back to the house together. As much as gramps timing sucked, it also was probably for the best, since it most likely put any immediate confusion that had been in Derek's head to the side. I did grin to myself though, knowing that he would never eat pussy again without thinking about today.

* * * * *

We spent the rest of the afternoon and evening watching the various games and picking at all the leftovers. We managed to come up with enough of an excuse to escape to the barn again around 8pm and burn the joint that Derek had brought along for dessert. By the time the buzz was in full effect an hour later, so were the munchies, and we attacked the food one last time as we helped Mom put it away and made a couple plates to take to my room. Once there, I kicked on the stereo and we settled in for some mellow-out and chill time. 

I gave him a Cliff's Notes version of what was going on with me at Z-Tech. He basically just nodded at most of it, but let me continue to ramble on. For some funny reason, Derek kept deflecting most every attempt at discussing his job at the grocery store. Everything was generic. "Going good. Busy as hell. Learning a lot." Nothing but platitudes as if the subject totally bored him. 

I finally gave up, stripped down to my tighty whities, and splayed myself on the bed, half hoping it would give him a hint that I was up for other things if he didn't want to talk. He finished up the last bite of cherry pie still on the snack plate and then stood up to undress also. I rolled to my side, propped my head on my arm, and watched shamelessly. The pot had me horny as hell and from the half erection showing in his expensive undies, it was stirring his hormones too. I slid sideways after he was down to just the boxer briefs and made room for his body.

"Leave the stereo on?" was the unnecessary question from him. I just nodded since we always went to sleep with music playing, but I guess he felt some comment was needed as he slipped in beside me. I could feel the heat of his body as he shifted again and snuggled up closer than normal. It was usually me closing the gap...not him...and I took that as a good sign. I inhaled deep when his arm draped over my torso. I felt his hot breath as he whispered, "Brad...I need to tell you something you probably aren't going to want to hear." 

"What, Derek?" I know my eyes were as big as grandma's turkey platter right then; totally unsure of what might be coming. 

"I...I...I really don't know any way to say this but to be completely blunt." 

Needless to say, my stomach was in my throat. 

"Brad...you are my best friend...and...and...and I am going to miss you so much." 

My stomach dropped to my feet.

"I am being transferred next month and don't even get to spend Christmas at home it looks like." Even with the room in darkness, I could see the emotions on his face and in his eyes. 

"What? Where? When are you leaving? Damn Derek..." I had a million questions and a million more fears inside me. His arm was still over me and I quickly skidded mine over his chest, around his shoulders, and held him tightly, not caring if he didn't like me showing affection most of the time. I was in love with him and he is telling me he is moving away dammit! As much as I fought it, my heart let a tear or two leak from my left eye.

His voice quivered a little as he spoke next. "Well it's all happening pretty quick. I am leaving Sunday to find a place to live, but only have three days to do that. Then I get back and work the rest of the week; but they want me moved by the following week so I can be on the schedule for the weekend." He paused as if he was trying to decide what all this life change really meant. 

"Where Derek? Where are you being transferred?" was my only concern now. I drew up closer to him as if that could keep him beside me forever. He flinched but didn't pull away as I let our calves intertwine. Our groins were mashed together, but surprisingly not hard. 

"Akron...well, Kent actually. You know...where Kent State is." Another of those painful pauses filled the dead air, but I remained silent. "It's only like two hours from here, but still..." Whatever thoughts were on his lips trailed off into nothingness yet again. 

I squinted to be able to see his eyes and found a strange combination of excitement and fear. I knew that he really didn't have much of a choice. He didn't want to go to college and really liked working for the big grocery chain. I knew in my head that it was the right thing for him at this moment, but my head wasn't doing the thinking...my heart was. I didn't want him 125 miles and hours away. I wanted him here! 

"You know you can always come up and visit on weekends and anytime else too, don't you?" There was a trace of a grin on his face and he actually snuggled up a little closer. 

Even with his body movement, his offer did little to quash my feelings. I had invested over a year of my life in letting my feelings get to where they were...and waiting for his to be able to truly come out. Our relationship was already so fucked up that there was no way what we had could be maintained with all the distance between us. It was as if that damn Grand Canyon that usually showed up after sex, was going to widen even further and deeper now. Another few tears escaped my left eye and I wiped them away. Even though I wanted to scream 'Don't go,' at the top of my lungs, I sniffled and simply answered "I know."

Derek must have known just how much the bombshell was affecting me and pulled me tighter into his body. The man who was never the real instigator of things; other than the silly pube scratching; was suddenly rubbing my back and had me fully enveloped in his arms. His actions were so loving that I was actually scared at him maybe doing what I had wanted most: kissing me! I don't think I could have handled that at the moment. Even though every other emotion was doing flip-flops inside me, my cock was responding to his attention and I was suddenly hard as granite. 

"I think I owe you this from this afternoon," was all he said as he gently rolled me to my back. Derek poised above me and looked straight into my eyes as if he wanted to say words that couldn't come. When he leaned down to nibble on my right nipple. I allowed my hands to twist into his thick hair and moaned a little louder than normal as his teeth scraped the nub. He didn't spend anywhere near the time sucking on my boy tit as I wished he would, but he did use his tongue like never before as he licked his way towards my sparse happy trail. His hand wrapped tight around my base and held up my pole. By the time his mouth was taking the red bulb of my cock, my brain was bouncing between wanting him to take my ass and then demand I move to Kent with him; and wondering if this is our last time? Thanks to the attention he was giving me though, for the next five minutes I succumbed to the pleasure and let him return the blow job gramps had almost interrupted. 

Derek was pumping himself furiously as he sucked and I felt my load welling up and looking to escape up the chute. His own rapid dick pounding had increased and was shaking the bed. I knew he must be ready too. My balls gave me their final cry and I dug my nails into his back at the same time he swallowed me whole and gagged. I felt the unmistakable warmth of cum splattering my thigh as he came and my explosion followed down his throat. It was so unusual for him to fellate me all the way, but I just let him since he obviously was wanting to tonight. I knew he would turn and spit most of it into the wastebasket beside my bed; and he did. But that was OK...just like everything else he did with me...OK...everything! He did allow me to cuddle up tight to him for a few minutes this time though, and I cherished the few moments it lasted. As we drifted towards sleep with the typical hackneyed bullshit talk and the space between us, I let my brain remind me that I knew there was one hell of a lover inside this man, if I could ever get through the thick veneer of acting straight. And now it will be a long distance project if it was to even be one to continue at all.

* * * * *

I spent the next week having my emotions fight me constantly. Part of me wanted to just let Derek go and get on with life. Other parts argued between fight for him and get him to stay or talk him into letting me move with him. Neither were feasible since he himself wasn't at all committed to us having anything more than a suck buddy friendship. Still another part was telling me to just give it time and let things run their course. I decided that made the most sense since it was more than obvious that no one who gave head like he did, could possibly be straight enough to live straight and in the closet forever. Maybe after six months of not having me around as much would help him find himself. The only flaw in that plan though, was that there was also the potential for him finding someone to replace me in the new town. Nah! Derek will just 'be Derek' and become the stud gift to women again to quench the lust for what he was not able to get regularly from me. And I would be making visits, so that part of him could be satisfied as need be. The bigger question really was: how long would I keep putting up with the unstated denial?

* * * * *

We grabbed a pizza together the night he got back from Kent. He was showing just enough excitement over the relocation that it kind of pissed me off; but it possibly was an internal thing he was doing to convince himself also. He had found an apartment on the outskirts of town near a small lake and teased me with the description. "Almost like living at the farm buddy. You will really need to see it to believe it." He spoke little about the store he was being transferred to other than it was the only one in town so he could be there for quite a while. I was having trouble thinking beyond class assignments next week and Derek was planning out his entire life as if this could be permanent. My attention was piqued though when he proffered "You could always transfer to KSU and pay half the rent." The exaggerated wink told me that most of that was said in jest, even though I had already thought about doing that very thing instead of finishing at Ohio State like I had planned. 
