 There used to be a place, about 30 years ago, that used to be very good for ... not so much 'cruising' as for just 'getting down to it'. It was an adult book store about a mile from where I lived. Yes, I am aware of the hazards of such places, but it was a good place to hunt, and to get what I needed when I wasn't getting it anywhere else. Some nights there were good, and some bad, but one in particular was very memorable.

* * *

It was a Friday night, and it had been a hell of a week. Work had been a total pain, and there were a couple of women in the office who were absolutely gorgeous, but also absolutely not interested, so I was beyond horny. Any my roommate/sister and her son (who was, and is, one of the high points of my life) were out of town, so I would not be able to sublimate it down to background noise. I had little choice but to go out and see what trouble I could get in.

There were a few places in the area that were very good for getting in trouble, but I don't drink, and I don't smoke, and that ruled out the various bars and hangouts popular with most people. I also dislike heavy metal and just about any music that is nothing but a beat, or that sounds like someone attacking a cat with a chainsaw, so that ruled out most of the other places. So I just said "fuck it" and went to the adult book store down the street.

The store was one of a chain of stores that started out selling 'sexy' lingerie and toys for the sex trades and people who wanted to appear adventurous. They learned early on that people who were after that kind of thing also wanted other things, so the one near me started dealing in magazines and VHS tapes, and then converted a back storeroom to a collection of video booths.

The booths were arrayed along the outer walls of the room, with more in the center of the room, back to back, so you could walk in a circle around the booths until you found the one you wanted. Those of us who'd been there before knew that the second and third booths in the center section on the left had a glory hole drilled between them, and a lot of people who were regulars tended to wait for those booths to be open. And the door to one of those booths had a little bit of a gap between door and frame that you could occasionally get a glimpse though. Yes - the whole thing had been thrown up pretty rapidly and sloppily, but some of us found this very arousing.

I admit it - I find watching, and being watched, at least as erotic as doing. At least a part of that is because I can watch and be watched for a long time, but as far as performance goes, an hour or so and I'm spent.

Anyway, I parked a block or so from the store and walked there, always watching who was on the street, and wondering what they were up to, and what they'd do if they knew what I was up to. I wore baggy jeans without underwear, and got occasional looks, as I always ended up partially aroused by the time I got to the bookstore, and while I did not have a tent in my jeans, I had a bulge that was obvious if you looked, and enough people looked to give me a little bit of a rush.

I went in, and found a few people in the front of the store, browsing the tape selections and magazines, and bought my required $5 worth of tokens from the counter guy. I could already tell which of the customers in the front were going to try to sneak into the back later, but were hiding what they were doing even from themselves, and which were actually shopping for something to take home. I didn't care much who saw me there and knew what I was up to - I am who I am, and am as comfortable with it as I can be without advertising it.

And then I went through the curtain into the back room. One circuit of the place showed me that about half of the booths had the 'occupied' lights on over the doors, including the two booths with a glory hole between them, and about a half dozen guys walking or standing in the aisle. Some of them I'd seen before, and some I hadn't, and only one of them was actually bad looking, though none of them were really good looking. Most were ... passable.

Not that 'passable' is a bad thing. It's probably where I fit into the continuum of looks.

Anyway, I walked around the room a couple of times, just to gauge the attitudes and timing, and then stepped into one of the booths for a while. I understand that the proprietor has to be able to pay the bills to keep the place open, and can't do that with just a bunch of gawkers. So I spent a buck, spent five minutes, warmed up and re-packaged my now about half-hard cock, and moved back into the aisle, which now had a couple more guys in it.

After my second loop of the room, I parked myself outside of the booths with the glory hole. I could see from the lights that they were occupied, but could also just barely glimpse a bit of movement from inside, and I figured that even if I couldn't get in right away, I might be able to see something.

A few short minutes later, the door to one of the booths opened, and, not being afraid to seem pushy, I grabbed the handle as the occupant stepped out, and stepped into the booth, getting at least one glare from one of the guys who'd been waiting as long as me. I slid the bolt to, and put a couple of tokens into the change slot before glancing at the glory hole, which was empty, and showed light coming from outside -- whoever had been in there had left just after I came in, which was, I guess, predictable.

I watched the video on the screen, and switched to something I found interesting, and a short moment later, the door closed next door, and I glanced at the hole and saw only a jeans-clad leg, facing the screen. Not sure if he was a giver or a taker, I unzipped my fly and took my cock into my hand, slowly rubbing to maintain my half-erection.

At a glance, the guy in the other booth was doing the same, but he didn't signal me in any way, so I bent down to get a better look. Whoever it was had an average build, and didn't look familiar. Not the guy with the glare. The movie he was watching was a generic MF film I'd seen before, and the cock he pulled out was also average, but it was more interesting than what was on my screen, so I pulled a couple of bucks out of my pocket and fed the meter, saving my tokens for later, and looked again through the hole.

The guy in the other booth saw my eye through the hole and bounced his cock a few times in his hand. It looked good enough, so I rubbed the bottom of the hole and he stuck it through. It was probably about 5 or 6 inches long and average thickness, but it tasted sweet and was nicely hard. I licked up its length along the bottom and around the head, and then took just the head in my mouth and swirled my tongue around it, and then inched my way down it, using my tongue to keep it moist and in no time at all, and I mean that literally, he came. Not much, not hard, and not satisfying.

He almost immediately pulled out of the hole and zipped up, and I thought about leaving, disappointed, but the screen said I still had ten minutes left, so I leaned against the wall, pulled my handkerchief out of my pocket, and cleaned my face off. The door rattled, but I wasn't going to leave yet.

I idly flipped through the channels until I heard the door on the next booth close, and I looked over, but was not expecting much. This was, I was sure, going to be one of those nothing nights.

Man, was I wrong!

The cock that came through the hole was the biggest I'd seen to date. At least 9 inches long, and as thick as my own, it barely cleared the edges of the hole. I reached down and slowly stroked it, reveling in the pre-cum that slowly seeped out of the head. I licked it off of my hand, and it was sweet and pretty copious, so I knelt down and licked the head of that lovely cock while gently squeezing more out of it.

Then I licked around the head, and up and down the shaft, reveling in the sheer size and girth of it, and getting my mind ready for taking the beast on. Slowly and carefully, I took the head into my mouth, and stroked it in and out, gradually taking more and more with each stroke until it bumped into the back of my mouth, leaving at least another inch or two still out in the air.. I knew I could take it all, and fantasized briefly about getting rid of the wall between us so I could take it all of the way to the root.

I built up a rhythm and was really getting into it when the movie stopped, so I backed off and stroked the cock while I reached into my pocket and put the last of my tokens into the machine, just in time to hear someone rattle the door.

"What the fuck? Why not?" I thought as I knelt down and took that wonderful cock back into my mouth, so I reached up with my left hand and un-did the bolt holding the door closed. It didn't open by itself, but it jiggled a bit, and that let those in the hall know it was unlocked, and someone there pulled the door open.

Have I mentioned how I have exhibitionist tendencies?

I glanced out of the corner of my eye to see three guys watching me, and that gave me the impetus to take the whole cock down my throat. My nose bumped into the wall, but I got the head past my gag reflex and into my throat all of the way. Knowing there were people watching, I increased my rhythm and depth, and got to the point where I was face-fucking him!

I have to give him credit, though -- he had decent endurance. He lasted almost ten minutes before he started cumming. He didn't know he was being watched, but I did, and after the first shot ended up in my mouth, I backed off and just teased the head of his cock with my tongue as he landed four more big shots of cum onto my face. I licked and sucked the reminder off of his cock until he softened, and then I turned to the guys watching and put my finger in front of my mouth in the "stay quiet" gesture and closed the door.

The guy in the other booth zipped up and left his booth, and I heard nothing from the hallway, but the next guy in that booth pulled out a small cock, so I let him blow me, and then went home.

I wish I knew who that guy with the big cock was, though.