 I clicked the link, it was Darren again, I had talked to him a few times online before and he seemed like a genuine guy, he only lived 10 minutes away and wanted to meet. I had his number saved in my phone, but I had never worked up the courage to contact him. I was new to the cruising scene and had never tried anything with a guy before, always telling myself that I wasn't gay yet returned to the same websites time and time again to flirt with the various guys.

Reading the email from him made me hard from anticipation, there was something very erotic about knowing that he wanted to fuck me and with a simple text I could have my first experiance with a man. I started stroking my cock through my jeans and was starting to unzip my fly when I thought "No, its about time" I picked up my phone and sent him a text, I'd be there soon.

On the drive over my heart was beating in my ears, time seemed to be going slower as my thoughts raced "What if I don't like it? What if he doesn't find me attractive? Wait... what if I love it? Could I really be gay?" these continued as I pulled up outside his house. I sat in the car for a minute considering leaving and turning back, until I saw him open the door and wave me in. Fuck, he was hot.

When I got to the door he invited me into the living room where we started to talk, Darren was slightly older than me, he had very handsome features with a great body and he was wearing a tight t-shirt showing off his figure, God I wanted to see what was under it. 

About 20 minutes must have passed before he made the first move. "So, are you nervous" he said, as he put his hand on my thigh. This came as a shock to me, but the contact was starting to make me hard again 

"Uhh A little" I stammered feeling off guard as he started rubbing my leg

"First time?" he asked as his hand slowly worked his way up to my crotch

"um yeah" I replied

He moved his face in close to mine

"Well... You will love it" he said as he grabbed my dick and kissed me

I jumped up nervous and dizzy, I was scared but I had also never been as aroused in my entire life, the whole thing was so disorienting, I could feel precum forming already.

"I ... I think this was a mistake... I should go" I said as I scrambled for the front door.

As I was unlocking it I felt Darrens strong arms grab me my the shoulder, turn me around and pin me against the wall.

His hand made his way into my underwear and grabbed my rock hard dick.

"HHmm really? You seem to be enjoying it, remember all those times we talked online, I know you want it, I know you have been waiting for this" he whispered in my ear. As he said it my legs went weak, his smell and breath on my ear made me so horny I knew he was right.

He leant in and kissed me again, this time his tounge worked its way into my mouth parting my lips and feeling its way around, and soon after I repayed his passion in full.

We started climbing the stairs kissing passionately, making our way to the bedroom as my hands explored his body, removing any item of clothing that would get in my way. 

Before I knew it, we were topless at his bed.

I slowly started kissing down his neck, onto his chest, further down to his stomach and finally made it to his waistband, his trousers were unzipped already so i pult them down and was staring right at a rock hard bulge in his underwear. I worked my fingers into his waistband and kissed his dick through the fabric, my hands started to shake as I pult down his boxers and saw his rock hard 8" dick right before my eyes.

I looked up at him and met his eyes then started a long lick from the base of the shaft to the head, fuck, he tasted so good. His hand came to the back of my head and forced my mouth to take his entire cock. I started sucking hard and played with his balls, more and more, harder and harder as I felt his cock swell in my mouth, I could taste the precum forming on the tip, he was ready to explode.

He moved my head from his dick and stood me up 

"Bend over for me, I want to fuck you hard" he said, and without a second thought I was bending over his bed.

He pult my trousers down exposing my virgin ass

"Oh that looks good" he said with a grin.

Next thing I felt was his huge tip pressed against my ass, fuck, he wasnt going to use lube. He slowly started pressing it in, further and further, my mind was trapped in a state between pain and extacy, I would have told him to stop but I wanted more. He kept pushing and pushing until his entire dick was in my ass, and I was loving it. He started slowly and softly, but quickly got harder and rough, fuck, I liked it rough. My face was pressed into the matress of the bed masking my heavy breathing and moans of pleasure as he proceeded to pound my ass over and over. His warm cock felt better than anything I ever experianced before.

His hands were on my hips pulling me back as he thrust himself into me trying to get deeper with each push. Fuck, I couldnt think, i was trapped in extacy, never before in my experiance with women had I ever felt this good, I had never thought of myself as submissive, but the way he was taking control drove me wild. Harder and harder he was pummelling my ass, hands grabbing me so hard that it started to hurt, but I didnt care, all I wanted was more, I had never been so hard in my life.

He came hard, filling my ass with his cum leaving a warm lasting feeling as he pult out, Fuck, I was spent. I lay on my back on his bed, rock hard, filled with cum and in a state of euphoria, he looked down at me "hmm we better get you sorted then"

He took my hand and led me into his bathroom then into his shower. He came in with me, shut the door, started the water and pushed me against the wall. My hand brushed his cock as he did this, he was already starting to get hard again. He started kissing my kiss and stroking my still rock hard cock, "We have to see about this" he said into my ear and started kissing down my body untill he was on his knees.

He took my cock into his mouth and started giving me the most intense blowjob I had ever recieved, none of the girls I ever dated knew how to make me feel as good as he did and before long, I shot my load into his mouth when he swallowed it all without spilling a drop. Never before had a shower made me feel so dirty.

We got out of the shower, got dressed and made my way to the car where the realisation hit me. I'd never be satisfyed by women again