 I do wonder though, sometimes, how I think of myself, it's a pleasant sort of curiousness. Am I a gay man who has a girlfriend? A straight man who has been with other men? As more one way than the other? As someone who declines to identify that firmly? Adjectives, not nouns. 

I suppose I think of that long flight home, Melbourne to Singapore to Paris, then another flight back home to Berlin, back to my girlfriend, our apartment, our life, the one we'd had together for about three years. Those are the hours I come back to. That stopover. There was enough leading to it though, I had been primed. 

I'd been in Australia for about three weeks, first in Perth visiting my sister and her husband, then over to Melbourne to see another couple of friends. 

Ilsa hadn't been able to come with me due to work commitments, which meant we had been apart for the first time, for longer than a weekend or so, for those three years. We had a good and varied and busy sex life, we matched each other it seemed, in our desires, our inclinations, and our appetites. She loves being nude together, and with other people, I love seeing her nude with other people, in some of our local saunas, most of them mixed, looking at her walk naked in front of others, her small firm breasts, her thick dark bush. Seeing her next to other women, other men, sitting next to someone older, younger, her bare skin next to his, her soft sex next to his soft cock. Looking at him looking. 

And I love our fucking when we get home, god she can turn me on, stripping me slowly, taking off each item of clothing, pulling my underwear off, releasing my penis, easing my underwear down, bending my already half hard cock downwards, letting it spring free, taking me in her mouth, when she is still fully clothed, exposing my swollen tip, pulling my foreskin back with her mouth, and sliding her soft lips over me until I am completely erect, and then stripping, walking in silence to the bed, laying back, pushing her legs wide apart, touching herself, stroking her slim fingers over her thick damp pussy, and then demanding I fuck her. 

I mention this to suggest I had missed her, and missed our sex together. Not that I hadn't had the chance to relieve myself, my sister's place was big enough for her to be able to offer me my own room when I was there, the same in Melbourne, I suppose I hadn't thought to masturbate for the first few days, and then, first after we all went to the beach, well, it was slightly masochistic fun not to. Being from Germany I assumed all of the beaches were clothing optional, and was surprised to be told that no, only one of the local beaches allowed you to sunbathe nude. I asked if we'd go there then.

Paul, her husband, looked at me strangely. I may have pushed it, I do prefer to be naked on a beach, swimming especially, I was aware though that even at home this is becoming less fashionable, that more and more people seem to at least affect offence at others being undressed. 

I asked if he'd been there before, he said he had, but only with his friends, or Birgitta, his wife, my sister. I said nothing, but smiled a little, as if to suggest 'okay then then, what's the problem?' I'm not sure if he decided okay then, what's the problem, or just didn't want to back down, or appear to be less brave than me. Anyway, we went to Swanbourne Beach, about a twenty minute drive from where they lived. All of us piling into their unnecessarily large four wheeler. 

We got there, took a fairly long walk away from the main bit, to the left I think, away from the pathway, and found a fairly quiet spot, passing a few couples, one or two single men, a few families, perhaps twenty or thirty people in total. And all nude. I may as well confess, nude beaches are not an innocent pleasure, not completely, I enjoy the freedom, the more uncomplicated physical sensations of being nude in the open, the sensual joy of being unencumbered by even the smallest item of clothing, it is more though, Ilsa knows, and shares the same passion, it is the thought of being looked at whilst naked. I am in okay shape, I cycle a lot, play tennis, and work out a few times a week, but it's not that, it's not the thought that people are gazing at my body with awe, just that they are able to see me nude, they can see my soft cock, my balls, they can look at what is normally only seen in private, they can look, because I can look, this is the contract, the secret bargain of voyeurism and exhibitionism. 

I am sure there are genuine naturists who would be utterly offended at the idea there is anything at all erotic about being nude, and they might be right, it is at a level just below arousal. Of course, this might only be true for me, I should not universalise my own turn ons. Being nude at a beach is a very gently erotic thing for me though, undressing in front of others, seeing them strip, being naked, looking at their bare bodies, men and women, and being looked at. 

This is something else I know about myself, I like to look at guys as much as if not more than women: older, younger, I suppose around my age is my preference, but I get the biggest charge from being nude in front of other nude men, looking at their soft penises, watching as they walk to and from the water, as they swim, passing them, seeing them glance at me. I realise I may have pushed for us to go to this particular beach specifically so I could strip with Paul. 

We all walked, in a line, near the sea, passing people as we did, nude men and women, some leaping out of the water, over waves, all of us glancing as we looked at large bouncing breasts, long flopping cocks, thick patches of pubic hair, dark, blonde, auburn, all shades and shapes of vivid contrasting sign of sexual maturity. I watched as people passed us, looking behind at full and firm and smooth bare bums, small, tight, large, fleshy asses. As a couple threw a frisbee back and forth, his slim cock jumping and circling in front of the tight round pouch of his scrotum. Her running, her legs apart, the hint of dark smooth skin between her legs, the quickest glimpse of her thick vulval mound. 

We found our spot, towards the back of the beach, and unpacked. And all of us suddenly showed a little inhibition. Birgitta undid her long linen dress and let it fall away from her body, and stood in matching black bra and panties, she faced me and Paul. I could already see the shadow of her small nipples from under the thin material of her bra, I looked, quickly, fuck, along with the large dark patch of pubic hair visible within her panties. Women always looked more naked wearing underwear rather than bikinis, did men? I knew they did. The material is thinner, it clings tighter, it reveals the shape of a guy's soft cock more blatantly even that a tight pair of small trunks. 

"You two aren't going to chicken out are you? I am not going to be the only one of us to be nude?"

We both assured her not. But still did nothing to join her. She shrugged. She knew I had been naked with her many times before, Paul obviously as well, she had little to lose by being nude, even if we did back off. She reached behind her back and unclipped her bra and shrugged this along her arms. I looked, her breasts suddenly exposed, high and firm, small-ish I guess, but full and smooth and pert. I remembered them well, remembered staring at them when we were growing up and going to our local beaches and resorts. She bent quickly, holding her panties, and pulled them off her legs. She stood naked. 

I looked up and down, she still looked very good, tall, slim, her ass was smooth and tight, she folded her clothes, I looked at the thick triangle of her dark pubic hair, glad she had not succumbed to the modern fashion for removing or reducing this, I told myself to stop staring, she was my sister, this was doubly inappropriate, Birgitta faced me, and Paul, utterly and gloriously nude, her tall body pale, her nipples dark and pointed, and her vivid thatch of dark brown hair above her pussy, covering it, she didn't trim or reduce at all, I could make out straighter hair between her legs, sprouting from the thick lips of her sex, I suddenly imagined Paul pushing her knees apart, touching her warm labia, kissing her damp pubic hair, licking between each row of coarse growth, sliding his tongue over her moist cunt.

Birgitta had her hands on her waist, was leaning on her hip, waiting, watching her brother, her husband, both of us still dressed. 

Paul and I looked at each other. Was he waiting for me to go first? Okay. I enjoyed this part. I felt the familiar tingle of erotic excitement in my belly. I was going to be naked, in front of other people, other nude people, in front of Paul, fuck, my brother-in-law. He was going to see me nude.

I kicked off my sandals and pulled off my T-shirt, unbuttoned my light trousers and stood for a second in my tight white underwear, letting him look, if he wanted, at the shape of my soft dick, the hidden length of my stem, the small point of my tip. I wanted to wait, I always wanted to wait, as if this was a fantasy, when I would prolong this exact moment, waiting, being looked at, the tingle building to a buzz. 

I bent and held my pants, and pushed them along my legs, I felt my soft penis being dragged down, then springing free, I raised a leg and stepped out of my pants, and faced him, naked. I saw him glance. Would he be reassured? I glanced. Then smiled at Birgitta. Then at Paul. My balls were being held in close by my tight scrotum, my penis was pushed outwards a little, so it was almost pointing up, I knew Paul would be reassured. My cock is pretty small when I am soft, 6, maybe 7 centimetres, quite slim, my foreskin sort of bunches up in a wrinkled hood so even the shape of my glans cannot be seen, so, he would look, and see me like this, my balls tight, small, my soft little cock a pale prong bobbling from within my own thick nest of dark pubic hair. 

He looks, they both look, unable not to. I let them. Glancing at my naked sister, smiling now, feeling that sweet pulsing of pleasure in my groin, trembling into my soft cock like a faint current of electric energy. 

I stood next to Birgitta, both of us facing Paul. Challenging him now I suppose with our nudity. He smiled, and shook his head, looking between us, his wife's bare body next to her brother's, both of us slim, both of our now visible pubic hair dark brown, dense, Birgitta's obscuring her soft sex, mine surrounding my protruding little dick, parting like a furry curtain either side of my tight round pouch. 

Paul started to strip. His trainers, his T-shirt, his cargo shorts, he was wearing a pair of dark blue briefs, he hesitated a second, looking at both of us, before hooking in his thumbs, at the back, and yanking off his underwear. He threw them onto his little pile of clothes and stood up, nude, he faced us. I looked. And looked. 

His body was strong, firm, like he worked out, and hairy, thick brown blonde hair covering his chest, his belly, building to the thicker denser growth over his pubis, framing his now exposed penis. We were all now naked, extending this delicious moment of mutual exposure, all looking at each other. Paul letting us, his wife, me. We couldn't have remained still for longer than a few seconds, it felt like minutes, all glancing, feeling each other's eyes on us. I looked at Paul. He looked good. Strong, broad, masculine, tight and lean. His pubic bush was as thick as my own, thicker possibly, lighter in colour, and his cock. Fuck. I had to stop myself from staring at Paul's suddenly bare penis.

Paul's cock was quite large. He turned to face me, it swung heavily in front of his also large balls. God he had a big dick, his penis was long, and thick, and he was circumcised, which I know it pretty common in Australia, I could see his smooth pink glans, thicker than his fleshy shaft, prominent at the top of it, soft and shiny, his tender ridge and small raised slit in clear sight. 

We finally started to move, agreeing we all wanted a swim, already walking to the sea, I was still glancing though, quickly, at my brother-in-law, his nude muscular body, his firm round ass, smooth, hairless, his bare dick, fuck, his long swaying dick, darker than the rest of his only slightly tanned skin, a thick green vein running along the middle of his wide stem, and all foreskin trimmed off, his thick oval bulb completely exposed, completely visible, the same pink brown colour as his long stem, his tender corona exposed, the tight pursed lips of his urethra inviting my gaze downwards. 

I looked away, at myself, at my comparatively tiny little cock, at the round crinkled bobbling nub of my own soft dick. I didn't care. I felt my penis shift with stiff movements up and down, over my drawn up testicles, the cool sea wind tickling my naked body, wafting between my legs, tightening my scrotum, cooling my bare cock. 

We had that swim, and more, and spent most of the morning there, and as much of the afternoon as we could stand when the sea breeze came in (which I was okay with, Paul was a local though, and so was obliged to hate having the sand blown into him). I love being on nude beaches, and I love seeing and reading about people undressing, but unless something else happens a day there doesn't always translate into a story. I went for a walk along the water's edge with Birgitta, holding hands for a time, like we used to, having her arm around my naked waist felt nice, made me put mine around her, feeling her smooth cool skin, lowering, just, grazing my fingers over the soft swell of her ass. It made me think of some of the naughtier, sillier things we had done when we were kids, teenagers even. 

(once she teased me into making my cock hard, I don't know why I let her, other than the idea aroused me, we were at Wannsee Lake, which is hardly quiet, but somehow we had found a spot and were alone, and she told me she had seen a man with an erect penis, just then, turning over, she said his wife and been touching it, stroking his penis, secretly, but she'd seen as we walked past, just before he rolled onto his front to hide it. I asked what it was like, I was as curious as she was, how big was it, I wanted to know. She described as best she could, she said it looked thick, and long, it stuck up away from his balls, up past his stomach. And then she said I had to know what it was like, I had one. I didn't say anything. She did. She asked how big mine was. I may have told her this was none of her business. But I felt something happening, just by her speaking about this, or in this way, I felt the first pulses of arousal. She looked. And said, I think

"I dare you to get it hard, go on, for me." "No, come on, you're my sister." "Mmm I know, I just want to see, go on, how big does it get? I really want to see." 

I carried on saying no, but she was staring straight down at my exposed penis, and I felt it reacting, I felt the terrible swelling of tissue begin. As she looked, as my sister started at my naked body, straight at my soft young cock. I started to get hard. I don't know if this was the first time I realised I rather enjoyed being looked at, even though it was by my sister, but she spoke, and looked, and I couldn't control it, and I did, I felt myself stiffening, and I allowed it to happen, I didn't walk away, Birgitta looked, not saying anything now, staring, she told me to touch it.

"No, fuck, stop it." "Oh god, oh fuck, it's growing, god, I can see it getting bigger, look."

I didn't have to of course, I could feel myself throbbing and oozing with arousal. But I didn't stop it, or hide myself, I couldn't, the pleasure was too intense, intense for being so forbidden. I looked at her, at my beautiful naked sister, and let my bare cock stiffen in front of her. She was quiet suddenly. Staring. I felt myself get completely erect at the thought that she was turned on as well, shit, she was, she had to be, fuck, my sister was as aroused as I was. My exposed and now thick, rigid, vertical prick ached with dangerous sensation as I imagined the dampness between my sister's legs, the heat and moisture coursing through her soft young pussy.

"Touch yourself." 

Her voice was low, hoarse, a ripped whisper. 

"No, Birg, I can't. Please." "Touch it, oh god, let me see you touch it, please, for me. God it looks so big, fuck, fuck little brother you have such a beautiful hard cock, touch it for me." "No, shit, I can't." "Okay, well, let's go then, come on."

And of course I didn't move. Neither did she, she stepped back, closer to me, hiding me.

"Please, let me see all of it, I want to see that round tip, under your foreskin, please, touch your hard cock, show me." 

And I did, I held my erect penis and pulled my foreskin back, in front of my sister, for my sister, I stroked myself, I gripped my thrillingly hard stem and eased my soft skin back over my slippery smooth swollen glans. I stopped. I let her look. My cock was completely rigid, vertical, my dark tip now showing. I looked, at my swollen bulb, the shiny we skin, at the tight slit of my cock hole.

"Fuck, oh fuck, it looks so big, the tip, smooth and round, and wet, oh god, I can see it's wet, what is that? Is it cum?" "Oh fuck Birg, no, it's... I mean... sort of... pre-cum." "Touch it Will, touch that slick dick, let me see you stroke your beautiful hard cock."

I did it, for her, because of her, I rubbed my warm soft skin up and down, feeling each movement more exciting and exquisitely sensitive than ever before. I looked, I felt so hard, harder than I could remember being, feeling, my dark smooth tip was shiny wet with sweet clear moisture, I squeezed my stiff shaft, pulled, saw another thick drop of fluid escape my tight opening. And Birgitta watched. 

I stopped, it was too pleasurable, I could already feel my climax building within me. I had to stop.

"Don't stop, please, why are you stopping?" "I might, I mean, fuck..." "Oh god, please come for me, I'd love to see you come, I'd love to see what that's like." "Birg, this is so bad, I have to stop." "Don't, carry on, stroke your hard cock for me, let me see you come, I've never seen a boy come, I want to, I want you to be the first, please, let me see you come for me, let me see you rub your stiff cock until you spurt your hot spunk."

And, I am ashamed to say, I didn't stop, I should have I know, this was completely wrong, but I carried on, I held my hard cock and masturbated for my own sister. I knew I had to be quick, which was not going to be a problem, anyone could see us at any moment, I gripped my hard shaft and rubbed the soft skin covering my swollen tip back and forth, Birgitta looked hypnotised, I felt my orgasm building immediately.

"Fuck, oh fuck, I am going to come, oh god, oh..." 

And I did, shit, it was the most powerful climax I had had, it rose from my feet, into my legs, I looked down as the pleasure erupted within me, as I started to ejaculate, I saw myself start to spurt four long and thick streams of creamy white semen out of my penis and onto the ground. Birgitta was open mouthed. My hand stopped moving, holding my soft foreskin back, exposing the smooth wet tip of my prick, my balls were drawn tight up into me, I felt each jolt of cum exit my body with sharp consuming spasms of extreme sensation. I was faint, my knees almost gave way. 

I dropped my penis, knowing it would remain heavy, thick, red from my hand, obvious to anyone who looked that I had recently jerked off. It hung down, softening.

And I remember her whispering in my ear how arousing that had been, then, quieter still:

"Should I tell you, also, I mean, my pussy is so wet at the moment, really, my cunt is so fucking wet."

I looked straight ahead, already feeling the ripple of a fresh swell of arousal. 

"Willem, I am going to think of this tonight, when I touch myself, I am going to think of your hard cock, I am going to remember the sight of your cum, your thick white cum, as I touch my cunt, I am going to think of you coming as I touch my slippery wet, hot cunt, I am going to come, thinking of you, wishing you weren't my brother, wishing we could fuck, thinking of having you inside me, your hard cock inside my mouth. Would you like that?"
