 So we met on the LIT Forums. We had posted on threads and sent pm's to each other. Just your normal cyber sex type of stuff. Well, maybe it wasn't all that normal. It was just a tad hotter than that. We would talk about each others cocks, send each other pics, talk about our fantasies, etc. He was experienced at actual gay sex and I was still just curious. Let me clarify, I was curious but wanting my first dick more than ever before. He knew this and would use that to his advantage. He would have an experience and then tell me all about it. Just toying with my desires and enjoying it. 

We would occasionally have some normal non-sexual chit chat. Not very often, but occasionally we did. One day we were chatting and we came upon the realization that we were each going to be in Las Vegas on business. And we were going to be alone in our hotel rooms. He was on me in an instant. Planning our rendezvous. I was immediately more nervous than perhaps I'd ever been in my life. After wanting to have my first cock for so long, the time was finally here. However, I was a married man. A married man with children. If I went through with this, what would my family life be like. I mean after all my wife knew nothing of my desires and I couldn't imagine that it would be a very pleasant situation if she were to find out. So on one hand I was so excited. My chance was finally here, right in front of me. On the other hand, I was scared shitless. I care more about my family than anything. Could I let this go and just keep it a desire? After wanting his cock for the past few months and dreaming of this day, could I just say no thanks and just remain cyber pals? No fucking way! This man possessed one of those cocks that just draws you in. He was experienced, sexual, sensual and would be a perfect teacher for me. I couldn't keep the desire in any more. I was going to Vegas and I was going to hook up with him.

So we set up our meeting time and place. We were to meet at his hotel room at 9:00pm the day I landed. I wanted it to be that way since I was in the closet and we were there for an industry convention. He didn't care, he just wanted to have me. The plane ride was in all honesty the most difficult part of everything. I had the misfortune of being on the aisle and flanked by a fairly large woman that seemed to have some kind of bladder control issue. Not usually a problem except when you have a raging hard-on going you have to keep getting up and standing in the aisle. I couldn't stop thinking about what was just hours away now. I had the night planned out and every time I would shut my eyes a visual would play in my mind. The excitement was just too much to contain. I'm completely surprised that I didn't lose a load in my pants. When I finally landed, I just wanted to get to my hotel. Get out of the public eye.

I had about 5 hours before it would be time to go see him. I didn't want to go to the convention or to the casino or anything else that wasn't his room. I decided to get a nap in so I would be good and rested for the evening. I really wanted to grab my dick and just beat the hell out of it for a few seconds to relieve myself. I wanted to wait for him though more. So I just grabbed a hold of my dick a dozed off. I dreamed about him and his beautiful cock and what he would do to me with that beautiful cock. They were long wonderful vivid dreams. Full of color and passion and hot, hot wet sex. When I awoke, I realized what else was hot and wet. I had leaked cum all over the bed sheets. Who knows, I might have actually ejaculated in my sleep. I figured what the hell, I'm sure I can come up with some more before it's time. I decided to start getting ready. I brought my trimmers and gave my boys a clean up. I trimmed the hair around the base of my cock and even went down between my ass cheeks. Maybe it was a little much but I didn't want him to have to pick hairs out of his mouth all night. I took a shower. It was an amazing shower. I cleaned myself inside and out. Rub my entire body from head to toe, over and over.

I was really nervous now. It was close. In just a few minutes, I was going to be on my way to him. I had to start working on blocking the thoughts out. I didn't want to walk around Vegas with a bulge sticking out in front of me. What a joke that was. How could I possibly stop thinking about it now? No way in hell. I just tried to think of some of the less erotic things that we would do together and just carry a jacket in front of me. I finally made it to his hotel. My heart was in my throat now. I just had only the elevator ride left and then there would be no turning back. I made it up and I was walking down the hallway to his room. My cock was practically poling out of the top of my pants. I knocked. The door opened slowly. It wasn't fast enough. I helped push it open. We embraced each other with mouths wide open. Our tongues met each others and were off to the races. It was glad to see that he was as ready for me as I was for him. Our hands were roaming free all over each others bodies. After about 10 minutes of "getting to know one another", I went for the first part of my plan. His room had that body length mirror in the corridor. I pushed him up against the opposite wall. Our tongues still going wild. I break the kiss. I tell him that I want his big, thick beautiful cock in my mouth and I want him to watch my head working him in the mirror. I bite my lower lip like some teenage girl before her first blowjob. I look into his eyes with my uncontrollable lust. He knows that this blowjob will be the best he's ever had. We kiss again. My hand slide down his body. I take in every inch of his torso on the was down. I get to his belt and fling it open. I start to undo his pants and I tell him that I have been thinking about his cock all day long. I tell him how badly I want to have it in my mouth and how badly I want his come. I give him one last kiss and I lick my lips and then sink to my knees.

His cock was even more wonderful than his pics gave justice. It was my first cock so of course it was beautiful but it was more than that. The shape, the size, the bulb, the veins, his balls. They were all perfect. So big and hard. I lowered my mouth to it. I flicked my tongue on the head. He already had some pre-cum. I had tasted my own cum before, but this was better. I split my lips. Took his cock in my hand and slid my mouth over him. My other hand went up his abs and played with his chest. He let out a loud groan. This gave me quite the encouragement. I began pumping my mouth up and down on his cock. Getting him nice and hard, nice and wet. I pumped a couple of minutes like this. I would alternate between sucking and licking. Then I took the base of his cock in my hand, just below his balls. I squeezed down on his cock. I'm not sure if you've ever tried this, but it gets the blood flowing in the head of the penis and makes it bigger and harder than any other time. I wrapped my mouth around that big fat cock and sucked him in earnest. When I would go down, I would flick my tongue on his balls. He was nearing the edge now. I would break away and tell him how great his cock was. How much I loved it. How much I wanted his load in my mouth. He would just groan and grab the back of my head and pull me down further. I was loving it. I must say that for a first timer, I was getting it done. He started telling me he was close. He was cumming. He was really cumming. Spurt after spurt after spurt. I tried to take it all in my mouth but some was spilling over. A caught most of it in my hands. I swallowed his load and licked the rest off my hands. Umm he tasted so fucking good. I had to taste him some more. 

He pulled me back to my feet and kissed me deeply again. Tasting his freshly placed cum from my mouth. He told me how amazing that was and that he was so glad to finally see me. He spun me around and pulled my shirt up over my head. He started to rub over my chest. I'm stroking his cock behind me. He's rock hard again. He unbuttons my pants and slides them down to my ankles. I step out of them. He grabs my cock and tells me to look at it in the mirror in front of us. I look at it, at us and he's doing the same. He strokes my cock into a frenzy. Then he spits into his hand. He rubs the spit all over his cock and then smears the rest in the crack of my ass. He bends me over slightly. Then grabs his cock and pushes it onto my asshole. Between the fact that I had been increasingly playing with my asshole leading up to this and all of the passion that was flowing through us, his dick started to slide right in. I was expecting him to have to loosen me up some first. Oh well! I'm watching him in the mirror. He's studying my asshole. Making sure he's not hurting me. I push back on him to let him know I can take it. 

He smiles at me and I return it. I tell him to fuck me. Fuck me good. I tell him how I've been dreaming of his cock going deep into my ass for months now. He lets go of his cock and grabs a hold of my hips. Now I know he's ready. He goes all the way in. then pulls the entire thing out except the very tip. He then pushes it all back in. at first he goes in a slow steady pace. Then he tells me he's going to fuck the shit out of me and he does it. Just pumping my ass with that big hard beautiful cock with long, deep, hot strokes. I'm going out of my mind. Watching this in the mirror was so fucking hot. He kept switching his eyes back from mine to my ass and back again. He started pumping me so hard that I had to put my hands up on the wall to brace myself. God he felt so fucking good. His cock felt so huge in my asshole. It felt like he was going to come out of my throat at any time. I reached down between my legs and rubbed his balls. He groaned in pleasure. He was saying much now so I knew he was concentrating and getting ready to cum again. I told him how bad I wanted his hot, salty cum deep into my ass. That was all it took. He exploded another load into me. I tried as hard as I could to milk his cock with my ass muscles. He seemed to enjoy it. I know I did.

He tells me to go lie on the bed. He goes to his suitcase and opens it up. He brings out his "kit" as he called it. I his "kit" was quite an assortment of dildos and butt plugs along with some lube. I smile at him. He tells me that he couldn't control himself when I came in but he wanted to toy with my ass. I told him that sounded like fun and I got up on all fours and looked back over my shoulder at him then gave my ass a little wiggle. He told me how great an ass I had and that looking at my ass with my beautiful dick hanging down was the hottest thing he's ever seen. He lubes up one the smaller dildos and leans up to my ass. He presses it into me. It's nice, cold but nice. It feels so smooth. I'm enjoying it. Not as much as when his dick was inside me but it'll work. He starts to work it in and out of me, twisting it with each penetration. He starts rubbing some spot inside me that just starts driving me crazy. It felt like every time he hit it I was going to cum. I was moaning on every stroke and he knew where to hit. It was so amazing. I can't take mush more. I tell him to grab my cock and stroke it. I tell him I want to cum. I need to cum. He tells me he wants it. He wants it in his mouth. I tell him to get down there then. He slides up between my legs, still managing to pump his dildo inside me. He barely makes it before I start to blow. And I mean blow. Cum is going every where. Like I had never came in my life before. It was amazing. I pumped about 15 squirts of cum in his mouth, on his face, on his neck, every where. He continued to work the dildo the whole time and kept going when I had stopped. My toes starting curling and I begged him to stop. I had to catch my breath. I slid down to his face and began to kiss him and lick and all the cum I could find. I shared it with him. We laid together for a while just enjoying each others bodies and enjoying the feeling of ours cocks laying on top of one another. What a dream come true!