 After listening intently to Tool's Third eye, I decided to use the imagery that one would see in Alex Grey's works. The CoSM (Church of Sacred Mirrors) houses the work that inspired the surreal aspect of this story. Alex Grey has made artwork for Tool on the Album Lateralus and those paintings reflect the imagery used in Third Eye. I hope you enjoy yourself with the erotica as well with the surrealism of opening the third eye through sex.

*

He stood on the doorway, blocking any way out. He spoke softly, so softly, that I thought it might have been the wind. His hands, rough from a days work, held a glass of wine with such finesse. His stare was fixed on me, and it send chills down my spine. I sat on the bed-- his bed-- wondering when this waiting game would end. It's not as if being with him was a bad thing, but that it had to end sooner or later. The dread that followed every encounter frustrated me.

His delicate features beguiled the roughness of his body. The scars I've seen were evident of hard labor. His demeanor betrayed all the scarring, all the hardness that one was entitled after strenuous work. He was a walking contradiction.

He walked towards me, glass in hand, with intention to join the bedside. I let him do as he wanted, noting that there was no hesitation in his steps. His hand made a detour on the armoire and set the down the glass. His buttoned shirt came off at the top, revealing what seemed to be a proud chest. He sat down beside me and took my hand on his. I knew what he wanted, almost entirely, before he said a word. I knew the first time I saw him.

When he walked beside me and sat down on the stool, I sensed the lust. That flame that ignited his loins made itself known to me. Clinking his drink to get my attention, his first words were: "I think you're hot."

That might have been the alcohol talking, but seeing as how he'd come to me first, with that tone that let me know just how serious he was, I gave it little doubt. I glanced around my surroundings, just making sure who was in my premises. Two men talking two stool to my left. Three guys dancing behind me. A man spoiling for attention, and a hell of a lot more interesting than me. My average features portrayed no specialness. No sexual mojo that would drive the men wild. I could almost escape notice, and often times did. This beautiful Adonis took notice of average me.

I got up to walk away and he stood beside me. He was slightly taller than my five foot six. I put down a ten dollar bill and walked away. Yet this auburn-haired hunk followed me drink in hand. His brown eyes wanted me. Walking past the dancing guys, making my way away from the kissing couples, relentlessly he followed. I walked into the men's room and made my way to the urinal. I did my business and walked to the sink and washed my hands. He was there beside me washing his as well. He smiled at me and said: "Follow me."

To his hotel room.

He pushed me down on his bed with a hard kiss. He had grabbed my hand and pushed his free hand up my shirt to feel my stomach and my chest. He sent his hand free of my chest and placed it on the bed for support. His tongue licked my lips after a kiss and invited me to do the same. I felt his tongue with mine and enjoyed every bit of the kiss. He bit my bottom lip and gave it a suck before ending the kiss. He had let go of my hand was totally on top of me. He looked down at my expression, enjoying the sensation. I wanted it, but I did not dare command, and my face gave it all away. The way my eyes looked hungry for more and expected to be ravaged. My breath became shallow and aroused. My cock strained against the fabric to stand.

He got up for a moment to throw away the shirt, let down his pants and remove my shirt. My hands were busy undoing my pants, my eyes were fixated on his. I kicked them off and got up on the bed. I pushed up with my hands and turned myself around. I crawled to the head of the bed, where the wall met the headboard and put my hands against the wall. His hand came up to my chest and caressed my to pull me to his body. He pushed my head to one side nibbled on my neck, making a trail up to my neck. His lips nipped at my ear and tickled my skin. This sent shivers through my body and made me whimper. I closed my eyes. I had to.

While his hands were free to roam, I pushed my ass to his crotch. I rubbed it up and down his noticeable erection. I could tell he liked it. Then I felt the pain. Like light beaming to your unready eye, it burned. Within the darkness of the room, where my underwear and his rubbed in animalistic heat, a pain surged through and through. I wanted more. I whimpered for the sensation of his lips pressed against my neck. His teeth scratching my skin as he bit on my shoulder.

The pain of the light gave to the darkness of the room again as I opened my eyes. I turned around and placed my lips upon his nipple. I sucked and bit and licked, and made him whimper as he'd done me. I pushed my hands down onto his boxers and pulled them down to release him. I held his prick on my hand and felt him grow more. He would put my tool to shame, but it didn't matter. I jerked him slowly as I placed his other nipple in my mouth. Feeling his circumcised penis drove the want in me more. I closed me eyes again licking my way down to his stomach.

And the light came again.

Blue lines, all in array, danced all round me. They made circles all around my body. I saw his body before me, engulfed in lights that seemed never to dull. Same lines came from him identical to mine. Threads of light that binded us together and separated us in the process. A golden glow trapping our essence shone brightly and blinded me.

I opened my eyes and he was throwing himself on top of me. Laying again on the bed, he pulled my briefs and freed my cock from its restraints. He grabbed it as I'd grabbed him and jerked me almost tenderly. He pulled my foreskin down and licked the head and shaft. He placed my prick into his mouth and gave it a good suck. I grabbed the sheets underneath and let them go almost immediately. I wanted it to last longer. I groaned for more and he happily gave. Bobbing his head up and down my cock with the tenderness he'd shown earlier and a passion unknown to me.

I had to stop him, and he complied. He let me up and stood on the bed on his knees. I pushed him down as he'd done me and licked his nipples. I sucked one hard and made my way down to his crotch. His prick made its way from my chest to my chin and to my cheek. I caressed the head of his prick with my skin as it made its way to my awaiting mouth. My tongue jutted out forward and licked it up and down. I lubed up the head and placed it in my mouth. I suckled the head and let it out with a sigh. I inserted it again in my mouth and went down, forcing it deep into my mouth that I almost gagged. I bobbed my head as he had done me. I kept his prick in my mouth and moaned and closed my eyes again.

I felt the loneliness of the self and saw him laying down underneath me. His golden glow diminishing and the blue threads increasing in intensity. I felt his thoughts invading my body, forcing my golden glow to dissipate, and caressing my cheek. Our bodies seem to mold into one singular entity as the fervor of our fucking intensified. Almost as if his thoughts were my thoughts, or vice versa. I opened my eyes but the images never went away. I saw his body enshrouded in blue threads and golden borders. His cock in my mouth thrusted hard and I let it go with a loud gasp. I got up almost wildly from between his legs and inhaled and exhaled loudly. My hand went to my cock and I tugged. I felt the border of my being unwavering but at the same time giving away, eroding. He got up as well and looked deep into my eyes. Blue orbs that seemed almost unearthly pierced mine. Yet I recognized the lust behind them. I turned around again and placed my hands on the wall as I had done before. His hand reached for my hips and made me jut my ass toward him. I felt the sticky-watery sensation on the crack of my ass. It slimed its way down and the pressing of a hard member invaded the deep recesses of my crevice. He pushed hard and entered my ass with ease and slowed his way in. I winced as soon as he broke his way in and I pressed my chest onto the wall.

"God damn!" I said. Biting my bottom lip gently, I forced myself to push with his thrusts. I felt my own body give way to the intrusion and the border die down. The golden glow of my body was replaced with the orange glow deep within my being. Like a fire, intense, did it appear. My shallow breaths and my pushing back to meet his thrusts enticed him. And up against the wall I saw the shimmering of his fire. His groans and moans, rhythmically intoned with his thrusts, got louder. His hands held my hips hard against his. He pushed and pulled out and fucked my ass as hard as he could. His flame grew with each bump and grind. Brighter it shone against the wall. My own flame was intensifying with each hump and fuck. I licked my lips as I got closer to my own climax. His flame broke out and engulfed mine, and we were again one entity. The heat burned me deep even though my body was gone. I felt his thoughts of pleasure up against my mind, and felt his kiss. I closed my eyes, and the images went away.

I opened my eyes and the darkness became unbearable. I groaned as I felt him cum in my ass. His prick drove deep in my ass and left his load. I whimpered and moaned and spent myself on the headboard.

I got up from the bed after crashing down on it. He had followed suit right beside me. He fell asleep immediately and I got dressed. I took a sip from the wine he'd left on the armoire and walked away, never to see him again.