 Author's Note. Ok, for all you faithful readers of mine this is out of the ordinary but I vowed to get one story in each category and I promised a friend I would do a gay story also. Don't expect this style from Me often if ever again just had to venture into the unknown. To that friend, Angel, your welcome. 

Angelique stood there watching the two strapping young men as there sun kissed bodies worked in the afternoon heat. They were removing her paintings from the van and hanging them in the gallery for her grand opening. She had been working nonstop for two weeks finishing a few last added touches to her paintings so that her finest ones would be hanging tonight when it opened. She was going to have to sleep soon for she had been averaging about two hours of sleep a night.

She watched as TJ was lifting one end of the frame and his strong muscular arms bulged under the weight, the paintings weren't heavy but the frames themselves had been made by a friend and they were of ornate beauty. Big oak carved frames with angels playing on each one, her friend had done this in anticipation of her first gallery opening and hoped that the angels would add a nice touch to go along with her name.

Angelique watched as each man carefully gripped the frames under their protective tarps and her breath quickened as she slipped away into one of her daydreams. It went a little like this....

TJ had just hung the last painting and removed it's tarp when he looked up and saw Greg looking at him, Greg had that mischievous grin in his eyes and was obviously thinking about getting down and dirty with TJ. The sweat was dripping from each of their hard bodies and as TJ glanced down he saw the large bulge beneath Greg's overalls. God he was hot TJ thought, as he felt his own member starting to rise rapidly as his lover walked to him.

Suddenly Angelique was snapped back into the real world when the two men came towards her and asked if there was anything else she was going to need. "No, boys," she smiled breathing noticeably hard, "I think that's all I will need from you until tonight." Angelique closed her eyes just a moment trying to recapture just a hint of the daydream she had been having. 

Angelique headed home the two men in her car giving off their sweaty musky scent and it was dayum near intoxicating, she would love a shot at getting both of these strapping young hunks alone in her bedroom. She pulled into her apartment complex and let the two men out. She watched there tight muscular buns beneath their overalls and their broad backs as they walked into the building across from hers.

Angelique was definitely having lusty thoughts and she hadn't had time to pull "bob", her vibrator, from her drawer lately and put him to good use. She shucked off the tank top she was wearing and ran her hand down her chest rubbing the slowly hardening nipples as she looked out her window into the apartments across from her. She smiled relaxing and letting herself grow increasingly more aroused with each passing second.

She had occasionally glimpsed some raunchy sex through her window from the occupants in the next building some of whom were blatant exhibitionists. This had at times led to her to a few masturbatory sessions, and also fueled some of her paintings. She peered now through the ten foot gap between building and directly below the window straight across from her she saw TJ and Greg entering their shared apartment. 

The two were football players from the local college living out in town due to their dorms being renovated, they constantly threw parties and never failed to have a flurry of hot young women in the apartment. She had seen them outside a few times and when she needed something moved offered them a little extra money to line their pockets if they would help. 

Angelique shed her tight leather jeans and ran her hands down beneath her panties as she watched the two men rid themselves of their shirts. Those rippling muscles, my god she thought I need to be preparing for tonight not standing here watching those two hunks again. Yet she was riveted to the spot, she reached down and grabbed the binoculars from the window sill and looked into the men's apartment. Her panties grew even more damp as she watched them doff their overalls and stand in the living room naked.


Her pussy quivered of its own violation and the only thing she could do to squelch the need was run to the bedroom grab "bob" and resume her position at the window. She once again looked in and could see both men sitting on the couch stroking their cocks and watching TV. They were watching whatever was on the TV intently, Angelique zoomed in focusing on their bodies, to be more exact their hard shafts and their hands which were stroking them.

Inside the living room...Greg spoke up, "I need to get laid tonight not stand at that gallery in those monkey suits that Angelique gave us and hand out drinks." That was all TJ needed to hear he had been thinking the same thing but this afternoon something inside him had worked its way forward. Something he had tried to suppress for the last few years, this overwhelming desire to take Greg and feel his tight ass gripping his cock.

Rather than say anything TJ leaned over and wrapped his lips around Greg's cock. Greg tried to push TJ away but TJ's strong arms were pinning his arms against the couch now. "What the arrrggghh fuck do you think," Greg yelled,"you are do do doing TJ?" Greg put up a fight for a few seconds and then gave into the feeling, hell he figured a blowjob was a blowjob it didn't matter who was giving, it still felt the same. 

TJ's tightened his lips around Greg's seven and a half inch cock and sucked his cock with a lust that had built up for three long years. He released one of Greg's hands and slip his hand under Greg's granite hard asscheeks. He then slipped his finger against the tight little anal ring of Greg's asshole. TJ pushed hard and despite Greg's clenching his finger slipped in just enough to get down to the first knuckle.

Greg didn't want to give in, he was straight dammit, he loved pussy, but he had rarely wondered what it would feel like to be on the receiving end of a hard cock or another man's mouth. He didn't know what started all of this in TJ but he was quickly slipping past the point of caring. Greg was curious what TJ's copper toned cock with feel like sliding between his own lips and just how much further this would go.

TJ knew that Greg was more into the whole thing now and was past that whole I am not gay thing. He was licking Greg's shaft now as he bobbed his head, the musky ballsweat just turning him on even more. TJ stood up and grabbed Greg's head and pushed his mouth down over his cock. Greg didn't even struggle just gave in and slurped and gave TJ the sloppiest, wettest blowjob he could. They had discussed the best blowjobs they had ever received many times and compared notes on what they liked. So Greg knew that he was doing the best he could on TJ's turgid shaft. 

Greg bobbed up and down feeling the urgency of TJ by the strength of TJ's hand on his head. Greg was salivating and humming around TJ's cock now and he knew that he was about to become the bitch in this tryst. TJ reluctantly pulled away from Greg's mouth and bent him over the couch. He wasn't about to be gentle on Greg's chocolate opening he was going to give him just enough to lube him up and then stuff his big thick prick to the hilt. 

Greg's mind raced, he knew how big TJ was and there was no way that his big cock would ever fit deep inside his asshole. "TJ, no man," he whimpered like a little bitch, "I can't take that monster back there, let me just suck you off please." 

TJ slapped Greg across the mouth, "Shut up bitchboy," he ordered, "I am going to rape this fine ass and your going to love it." TJ reached beneath the couch were he knew they both kept a jar of Vaseline in case they got lucky with some girl and needed a little extra help, or for those times they jerked off in the living room and didn't want to go into another room and break the mood. He scooped up a handful and swabbed some on his cock and then used two fingers and pressed it onto Greg's tight backdoor. 

Greg jumped at the intrusive fingers of TJ as he felt the globs of Vaseline slick up his rear passage, he only hoped to be relaxed enough to take TJ's huge cock without being ripped open. Greg also knew there was no choice his friend was far more stronger than he was and TJ also had the advantage of his position behind Greg. Greg relaxed his sphincter and felt TJ rub his fingers down into the opening and as TJ started to finger his ass he felt a whole knew pleasure start to wash over him. 

TJ curled his fingers and massaged Greg's prostate gland causing Greg to involuntarily buck and shoot a few spurts of cum against the edge of the couch. "Fuck, Jesus Christ," Greg screamed, "that was ohhh fucking awesome." TJ could stand the teasing anymore, he had to bury his rock hard shaft in the tight ass of his friend and do it soon or he was going to waste a fresh hot load of cum all over Greg's ass. 

Greg felt barren as TJ withdrew his fingers from inside Greg's tight little ass and gripped his friends asscheeks and started to pry them apart with his thumbs. He looked at the winking orifice staring back at him and he stepped forward pushing the head of his enormous cock against Greg's asshole. Greg bit down on his lip and waited for the next push, he knew that TJ was going to impale him at any moment and he was actually looking forward to it now. 

The next nudge found TJ's cock slipping inside past the head of his cock and an inch or so down the shaft. He was preparing to shove his cock deeper into the bowels of Greg when Greg decided to go ahead and hurry this along. Greg shoved his ass back onto TJ's well endowed prick and screamed, "Holy...uhgj, mother...sweet lord OWWW." 

TJ couldn't believe how tight this was this was better than any pussy he had ever fucked in his lifetime. He grabbed Greg's hips and thrust hard and fast. The sweat poured down his chest and from his head and dropped down onto Greg's back as he rocked his cock back and forth inside his friends asshole. "Yes, you tight assed little bitchboy, take it all," TJ said. He reached up and stroked Greg's hair, "That's right, make that tight little," he spoke again, "boy pussy grab my big cock, ass slut."

It was at that moment they both heard the latch on the door being turned. TJ and Greg were far to engrossed in what they were doing to stop now. So they continued the only person whom had a key was their roommate. Brian was a small quiet guy, the kicker for their football team and he mainly studied and played football. Usually when they were having a party Brian had remained his bedroom, he had been timid and shy for as long as they had know him. The strangest part about that was he had recently set the school and all time college field goal record. 

"Oh, my god," Brian exclaimed as he stepped inside trailed by a couple of his friends from his classes. They all just stood in the doorway with their mouths hanging open. Brian was the first to move again and to TJ's and Greg's surprise he was stripping down and his friends were following suit. 

TJ had momentarily paused his thrusting inside Greg's ass,but seeing how the others were planning on participating as well he continued sliding his cock inside Greg. TJ was burying the length of his shaft with every thrust now and grunting with each and every thrust. "Yeah, you like my cock deep, ugh, inside,mmfh, you tight little ass don't you?" 

Greg was feeling the pleasure now and there was no way of denying it, he was not sure what would happen later but for now he was enjoying being TJ's bitch. "Yes, fuck my ass, you big bastard," he whimpered. His focus went to Brian and his friends as they surrounded him. 

Brian stepped up on the couch with no fanfare what so ever and stuffed his cock into Greg's mouth as he grabbed Greg by the hair. Each of Brian's friends stood beside him on the couch and directed Greg's hands to their cocks. 

Greg by now was now fighting whatsoever he was loving being the center of attention even if it was to be stuffed full of well over a foot of hot cock inside his body. He stroked each cock with gusto, his mind raced back only an hour in time where he had been moving Angelique's painting with TJ. He had never imagined he would be receiving a hot cock inside his mouth and asshole later that afternoon. He was brought back to the reality quickly though by the pounding of his asshole by TJ.

Angelique could take no more, she had been watching, panting and fucking herself silly with "bob" for the last twenty minutes at least. She was wildly turned on by all of this and was determined to make the most of the situation. She lay the binoculars down on the table and threw on a skirt and tank top and ran down the stairway out into the adjoining atrium and up the stairwell to the boy's apartment. She didn't bother to knock now she just open the door and slipped inside.

All of the men's' heads turned towards her and she waved them off as she pulled her top off not hesitant a bit about showing them all her ample 36 B cup breasts, and shucking off her skirt. She was aware that these men were fully engrossed in a little male on male bonding but she had to get some cock one way or another and right now. She moved to the couch and moved Brian's friend on his left aside, and then she leaned over the couch bent over and waving her ass just praying that the boy would take the bait.

She need not wait long for he reached beneath her and stroked the fleshy folds of her pussy and started to pulls the lips apart and stuff her full. Her head turned and she reached one deft hand out and stroked Greg's cock as she watched TJ pump his cock inside Greg's hairy little anus. Angelique pulled Greg's cock towards her mouth and plunged down to the base and moaned as the spongy head hit the back of her throat. The cock sliding in and out of her pussy was throbbing and she knew that the boy wouldn't last long inside her warm tight opening. 

TJ was more turned on at this moment than any other time he could remember, he had constantly been on the verge of cumming since he had first sunk his cock into Greg's tight upturned hard ass. How much longer he could hold he didn't know, only that release was imminent. It was then that he heard the moans and groans of pleasure from Brian's friend that was banging away inside Angelique. He looked over Greg's shoulder and watched as Brian was pumping his hips furiously and ramming his cock inside Greg's mouth. 

Angelique had been coming since the boy behind her had stuffed his fat seven inch cock inside her. She could feel his fingers gaining access inside her asshole too and there was no way that she was going to fight off what any of these boy's would do to her now. Suddenly the cock inside her well lubed puss jerked and she could feel the warm fluid shooting deep up inside her quim. 

"Oh, fuck yes this woman sure has the tightest pussy I have felt in a while you guys, ummm," he moaned, "good lord, yes, take it slut, take all my cum in your pussy." That spurred TJ on and he rammed three or four more times inside Greg's ass before grabbing Greg's hips and shooting his hot asshole full of cum. "I, I am filling your ass Greg," he moaned as he spurted a few loads inside before he pulled out and jizzed all over Greg's asscheeks and up his back. 

Angelique's cries were muffled by Greg's long shaft filling her mouth. She moaned and reached down cupping his balls hoping he would flood her mouth with his warm seed, she had a love for the fluid which men had hidden in their loins. As TJ moaned and pulled out and came inside of Greg's ass and then spurted up his back, Greg felt the pressure released once more and he pumped his cock hard into Angelique's mouth. 

Brian gripping Greg's ears fucked his teammates hot mouth with no compassion repeatedly gagging Greg who sucked hungrily at the offensive prick in his mouth. Brian was on the edge of cumming as his friend to the right of him panted breathlessly and started to jerk as well. They both pulled away from Greg and aimed their cocks at his open mouth. Shot after shot spurted onto Greg's face and into his awaiting mouth. He swallowed the first load and quickly opened his mouth for more. He was not disappointed as they continued to spurt. 

Greg leaned forward and sucked each cock clean after they had finished and he continued to suck as each went limp. Angelique, fully satisfied by witnessing this and participating stood up and redressed herself. Each of the football players and their friends were leaning on the couch and catching their breaths as she turned at the door and told them, "Anytime you boys decide for a repeat performance either invite me or leave your blinds open." With that she walked out the door and turned one final time, "Oh and boys, be ready in an hour to go back to the gallery."