 Don't be upset with me you guys. I know it's short and doesn't have sex in it yet. BUT patience is virtuous to those who wait. But trust me the second chapter won't be too far behind so you'll be able to breath, but the next chapter will be way longer. I just wanted to keep you guys hooked so you'll defiantly read the next chapter :). 

Enjoy

XOXO



"No! No! It can't be." Justin flared his arms around, and tried to run, but his feet were stuck to the ground as if he had melted into the earth. The dark figure was getting closer and closer. Justin's eyes watered and crystal like tears cascaded down his flushed cheeks. 

This was the end. 

Justin shot up out of this bed, sweating profusely, trying to catch his breath. He had the same nightmare three nights in a row. He cried, he didn't want to close his eyes, and imagine the dark figure coming to take his life. A life he just got back, and couldn't afford to lose again. 

-The Beginning -

At the tender age of 15, things didn't go so well for Justin Crawford. After he came out to his parents, they basically didn't want anything to do with him. They always dropped hints on how he was going to hell, and he'll always be a disappointment to them. He got a job, and saved his money so when he turned 18 he could get the hell out of that house. 

One his 18th birthday, he came home and it was like any normal day. His parents still didn't look at him, his mom tried, but his dad always persuaded her to act the same, and maybe he would choose to be straight, but Justin knew, him being gay was not a choice. Later on that night his mom made dinner for him and his dad only spoken two words to him. He told them that he had an announcement to make. He was moving out. For some reason that made his father furious. He came across the table and grabbed Justin by his shirt. 

"You ungrateful queer. I gave you everything." His father spat at him and through him across the room, and wouldn't you think his mother would stop what was going on? She didn't, she sat there and cried. His father kicked him repeatedly, in the face, the stomach, and his legs. Everywhere. For a split second the blows stop, until you heard a click, blood rushed out of his stomach. Then, darkness filled his eyes. 

When he regained consciousness, he was in the hospital. Kind of confused, wondering how he got there, or who he was. A nurse came to his side, and started to ask questions.

"Hell honey, do you know your name?" he shook his head. She just smiled and left the room to get the doctor. When the nurse and the doctor returned, the doctor asked if he known what had happened to him. Again, he shook his head as if he had lost the will to speak.

"I know you have a lot of questions, but for now I want to let you know about your injuries. You have a broken arm and a shattered knee, your ribs were bruised pretty badly, and you had a nasty gash on the side of your head, physical therapy will help with your knee when the swelling goes down, and it heals a little. The scariest part was getting the bullet out of your stomach before you lost too much blood, you're lucky you survived. Do you want to see your parents?" the doctor asked, Justin nodded. When Justin's mother and father walked in the room, that painful memory flooded Justin's mind, and he started sobbing uncontrollably. His mother rushed to his side and grabbed his hand.

"DON'T YOU FUCKING TOUCH ME!" he yelled at her remembering her just sitting there watching her one and only child get the shit beat out of him. Fear spread across his father's face, he thought he wouldn't remember, that they would take him home and they would get past it. As if he would wake up and be his straight son. A nurse rushed in the room, and sedated him, and he drifted to sleep.

When he woke up, two policemen were standing in the doorway waiting for him to come to. By the looks on their faces, questions were about to be asked.

"Hello Justin, I'm officer Brant, and this is my partner officer Shields. Do you think you can answer some questions for us? He just nodded wishing he didn't have to deal with life at that moment. "Do you remember what happened to you, your parents told us that you fell down some stairs, but I just wanted to hear it from you." Justin grimaced. He couldn't believe his parents would lie, especially to the police. Before he could stop himself and answer the question nonchalantly. He blurted out, "They are fucking liars!" Officer Brant and Officer Shields stood there in shock, they've seen people get livid about things that have happened to them, but the fury, pain, and suffering in Justin's eyes we're something they haven't seen yet with only being in the field for 10 years. "I told them S.O.B's I was moving out i guess them having a gay son pushed his limit, and before either of them could react 'properly' my dad came at me and with force. My suppose to be mother watch him kick me and hit me until he got tired, maybe he even took a break and started again. But no doubt about it the last thing I honestly remember before blacking out was the sound of the gun, and the tip of his boot!" Officer Brant started to speak but Justin cut him off. "I want to press charges, if that's what you were going to ask me." Officer Brant gave him a sympathetic smile and nodded. 

"We'll be back later with news about your father Justin." With that they left the room.

Justin didn't remember going to sleep, but with a headache like he's had for the few days he's been in the hospital how could be. The officers were back in his room and by look of them; good news was not going to be told. 

"Justin I'm sorry to inform you that your mother..." he didn't want to finish the sentence but he knew he had to. "She tried to kill herself 2 nights ago, and your father has abruptly fled the state."

And that's how the dreams started

To be continued . . . .