 "FUCK me Daddy," I screamed as my best friend pounded his erect meaty, throbbing cock into me.

"Who knew you'd turn into such a cockwhore," he whispered behind my ear while mounting me from behind. At the mention of cockwhore, I thought about the lustful evil gay sin I was parting in. Before I could finish my thought, my mind drifted off into a state of euphoria, and my vision went blank as his meat stick thrusted in and out of my juicy round ass.

--------

My name is Jamie, and I recently turned 19. My best friend, Tony, and I met just 2 years ago after he volunteered to spot me on the benches during my first session ever at this gym in Los Angeles. We hit it off right away as we talked about nutritional plans and discussed a way for me to become less skinny and more muscular like him. Let's just say I was a shy nerd who opted to play video games instead. At the age of 23, he shared the same story, and I could see that unlike me, he had improved significantly. He had a ripped body and worked more than playing video games. Plus, he was better at talking to people. 

I always had a problem making friends and had an even more difficult time talking to girls. I loved masturbating to porn, but sometimes my thoughts would linger around how hard and muscular the dicks were, even though the main person I would focus on was the girl. However, I was jaundiced and envious by how veiny the dicks were in pornos and always opted to watch those types of videos instead.

One day, my best friend and I were on my couch before we were about to go workout. He had just recently stopped seeing this girl because she was super clingy. We were watching a popular romance-genre orientated movie on TV, when Tony suddenly spoke up:

"Man, it sucks to have nobody. I get so horny."

I replied, "Yes, I know what you mean," knowing that I never had a meaningful relationship.

Tony said, "No man, you never had anyone from the start. You have no idea what I'm going through."

I knew he was right, so I stopped responding. The movie led to a scene where the two main protagonists, a guy and a girl, impetuously kissed and fondled each other in bed. They stripped naked and the girl's voluptuous uncensored boobs were on the screen.

"Damn Jamie, look at her boobs. I would love to have those tits around my cock."

I looked over at Tony, his eyes centered on the girl's striking curvaceous body. In the corner of my eyes I saw a bulge in his workout sweatpants. I couldn't help but stare as I thought I saw some veins popping out through the cloth.

"Wow, look at those curves, Jamie."

Instead, I continued to stare at the curves of his bulge watching it pulsating with desire. My mind pondered what it would be like to hold it in my h...

"Dude, are you okay?"

I quickly looked towards the source of the sound emanating from Tony's mouth. 

"Sorry Tony, I just spaced out."

"Yes, same. We need to go to the gym. This movie's just making me horny, and no doubt you have noticed," he said smiling at me.

"No err... I was just thinking about the workout," I impulsively replied.

"Ok, well let's go. Wear those tight shorts, it makes you always have a better leg day workout," he cordially said.

"Really? I hadn't noticed," I responded. 

I went into my room and picked out 5 different shorts. I had no idea what to wear. Which one would give me the best workout? Which one would Tony think would give me the best workout? That's right. Which one would Tony like? I decided to try them all.

I opted for the jean shorts; they were the tightest and shortest. I wasn't sure if they'd really help me get the best workout, but if Tony thought so, it had to be true.

"Hurry up dude, you're taking forever. It's like you're a girl," Tony shouted from the other room.

"Coming," I retorted.

I could've sworn I saw him mouth "Damn" as he eyed me from the doorway.

"Let's go," he said in his deep masculine voice, and we were off.

After a quiet drive to the gym, we immediately checked the squat racks, as they were almost always being used by someone. Luckily, the one by the corner was empty.

We did warmups with only the barbell, and I think I saw Tony staring at my ass in the mirror as I squatted my ass down. His staring made me a little nervous, and I was able to get more reps during my warmup to impress him.

"See I told you, you get a better workout in tight shorts."

Tony fit two 45-pound plates on each side of the rack's barbell. I was mesmerized by his back muscles as he squatted down and by how simple it was for him to squat so much weight. Afterwards, he took out the two forty-fives, and I put in a measly 25-pound plate on each side.

I decided I was going to try harder this time. 

1 rep, 2 reps... 8 reps, 9 reps, 10 reps (a new record), 11 re...

Suddenly, I realized I had exerted too much weight and was about to drop the barbell as I tried to pull up.

Immediately, I felt the weights lighten up as Tony's hands came into my field of vision from the side of my eyes. He was spotting me. I felt like I could do a thousand of these reps with his help, but I stopped because I felt like he would be the one doing them instead of me.

"Jamie, drop the 25-pound weights so you can get a superset in. It's better for you."

Instinctively, I followed his orders. I dropped the weights and squatted. I guess he decided to spot me early after my 5th rep. I felt something hard thrust against my tight shorts as he helped me squat from behind. It kept getting harder and harder.

Was that his hard cock?

"Keep going down," he commanded.

I followed suit. By the 10th rep, it felt like his throbbing cock was about to rip out of his pants and tear through my shorts. I was about to tell him to stop, but I was starting to enjoy the feeling of his cock pulsing against my ass. After the 15th rep, I was exhausted from the thrusting... I mean the squat workout. We finally put the barbell back into its original position as Tony put in one more huge thrust. I let out an involuntary moan, thinking about his meat rod pushing against my ass.

We kept repeating our sets four more times. During each consecutive set, I got sweatier, hotter, and slightly hornier with each thrust. Finally, I was drenched in sweat; I had never gotten a better workout before. Seeing all my sweat, Tony casually said, "Let's call it a day and go to your house." He led me by putting the palm of his hand on the small of my back. I obliged, letting him walk me to my car.

After a quiet drive home, we went inside, and he smiled at me and said, "Be a darling and make us a protein shake, would ya?," as he slapped my ass. I blushed and looked down.

"Ok," I said.

I went to the kitchen and took out a huge shaker bottle. I pulled out two scoops of protein and carefully poured it in making sure not to mess up because I didn't want to disappoint Tony. Then,I filled the shaker with water from the tap and begin to shake the bottle up and down after closing the lid.

Suddenly, I felt Tony wrap his arms around the shaker bottle and pushed himself up against me.

He whispered, "You're doing it wrong. You have to thrust it forward and backward."

I felt the familiar satisfying feeling of his throbbing cock against my shorts.

"Mhmmm," another involuntary sound escaped from my lips.

Tony put his hands on my shoulders, turned me around, and pushed me down on my knees using his muscular triceps and forearms.

I was at eye-level with his bulging hard-as-steel cock.

He put my hands on his cock. I froze.

"Do me a favor and stroke it Jamie."

"I shouldn't. It's wrong and it would be gay."

"It's okay Jamie. It's only gay if we were naked."

I guess I could do this small favor for him since he was wearing sweatpants over the bulge, so it wasn't really gay. Plus, what are best friends for?

I started stroking him slowly, really feeling up how hard it was. Wow, did I cause that?

I decided to reward him for it. I put my other hand on his balls and started playing with his nuts. I was impressed by how much cum I could feel he had stored in his nuts. He probably hadn't had any sex in a month, the poor guy. I knew I had to take responsibility for it. I started stroking the tip of his cock faster in one hand and handled his balls in my other hand. A giant wet spot was forming from the sweat and probably from his pre-cum.

"Yes, Jamie that's it. It'd really help me if you put your mouth on it."

I guess it wouldn't be so bad. After all, I had just given him a handjob through the sweatpants and that wasn't too bad.

I stuck out my tongue and licked up his cock slowly through his sweatpants, looking up into Tony's eyes. He stared down at me with a lustful face. I started sucking on the tip and tried to get it down with his sweatpants over it. His workout pants were made of cotton, so I could have sworn that some of his meaty taste got into my mouth through the thin fabric. It tasted good, so I kept going more and more till I could get half of it in my mouth.

"Damn Jamie, you'd look so hot with my actual cock in your mouth."

I stopped sucking and blushed. Without warning, Tony dropped his pants. To my surprise, he didn't have any boxers on. His hard cock popped out and slapped my face. Some of his pre-cum got on my cheeks. I couldn't resist staring at his thick beast. It looked so oily and juiced up from a mix of his pre-cum and my saliva. I wanted to taste it, but I knew I shouldn't.

"I'm not sucking your cock, Tony."

In response, he started swinging his cock back and forth on my face. I really couldn't help but stare as drool came out of my mouth. The veins looked so beautiful. He kept walking closer till his dick was in line with my mouth. 

As my lips and mouth were lubed up with drool from staring at his dick, he was able to push in his cock easily into my mouth. Suddenly, I found myself sucking Tony's rock hard cock. God, I don't know why, but I loved the way it tasted.

I felt his hands grab the back of my head and start pulling it toward his cock. 

That made me start deepthroating him, taking bigger gulps of his juicy meat stick as he thrusted in and out. I could smell the masculine gym sweat radiating from his balls. It made me hornier. When had I become so lecherous?

"Let yourself go Jamie. Just suck it. That's a good boy. If you were gay, you'd be riding it instead."

I thought about riding his erect dick for a second. Would something that hard even fit in my ass? Wait, that's gay. I would never do that. Being gay is a sin.

I sucked harder and harder until Tony suddenly pulled out of my mouth.

I eyed him submissively with disappointment like a puppy begging his master for more.

"Stand up and turn around," he commanded.

He pushed me against the kitchen sink with his naked cock against my tight jean shorts.

Tony pulled down my shorts to my knees with great force. I wasn't wearing anything underneath, and he started rubbed his cock up and down against my asscrack.

"Tony, we can'ttttttttt." I elongated my words as I felt his heavenly cock slide up and down my asscrack.

"Aww, Tony, please don't do this. It's a sin."

"Don't worry Jamie, I'm not inside you...yet"

I realized he was right. 

But, what did he mean by yet?

Yet, I found it hard to concentrate as I felt him pushing it near my asshole.

"Aww yes, keep pushing harder, Tony.

Please don't put it inside me though."

My sweaty asshole and his juicy bulging cock mixed like lube as I felt him nearing the breaking point of penetration as it rubbed easily against my hole.

"Call me Daddy, Jamie."

"Yes Daddy."

"Good girl, now I'm gonna thrust inside you. Don't worry. It won't be gay as long as you pretend to be my girl."

"Yes Daddy." I instinctively replied, not realizing at first whether what Tony had said made any sense or not.

"Wait...you can't!"

Too late, his meaty cock had penetrated through my hole. 

"Damn Jamie, your round juicy ass was just begging for my cock. I didn't even need any lube. You're such a faggot, taking this cock up your ass like this."

"Ohh it hurts! Please don't turn me into a faggot. Please daddy."

As he pounded further into me, his dick begin a new sensation within me. Pain was turning into pleasure.

"Oh god daddy. Fuck me. Use my hole."

I started involuntarily thrusting back on his cock.

Bent over the sink, sweating like a pig, I was fucked like a horny rabbit.

"Take my cock you faggot."

"Yes DADDY!"

I could tell daddy needed to be satisfied, so I started bouncing my round ass harder against his cock, deepthroating it with my hole.

I had turned into the bitch in the romance film.

He put his hands on my waist and used his muscular arms to help spot me up away from his cock only to squat me further down into the depths of hell.

I started getting lost in the feeling. My pupils were going up as my eyes got half closed.

I stuck my tongue out.

"Daddy, daddy." I shouted as my pleasure center was impaled by his thick veiny rod.

"Oh Fuck Jamie, you're gonna make me cum."

My own dick was bouncing up and down against the kitchen sink.

"OH FUCK, my cum is shooting into your asshole."

He pushed one last powered thrust into me, reaching deep up my asshole with his meat stick

"OH DADDY. I'M CUMMING." 

As my dick shot its first load over the sink, I felt a bucket of warm, hot, thick liquid fill me up. This triggered me to keep shooting loads all over the window.

Daddy pulled out of me and said, "Good faggot," as I smiled at him, fingering the cum dripping out of my asshole and bringing it to my lips for a taste.