 I am basically a straight guy, by straight I mean that I am physically attracted only to women, however I have always harbored a fair amount of homosexual curiosity. The idea of giving my body to another man sexually has always been one of my most intense fantasies, and in my early twenties I decided to give it a try. The following is a true story of my first gay experience, and the beginning of my life as a submissive bi-sexual.

My search for my first gay lover started online, and after flirting with different men for a few nights, late one night I worked up the courage to set up a meeting with a nice, older English guy I had met online. We agreed to meet at a local 24 hour shopping plaza, and after a short cab ride I was standing face to face with Jon, the man who would shortly become my first gay lover.

After getting better acquainted, Jon and I agreed to head back to his place, and after a short drive Jon and I were sitting in his living room. I was nervous, but even more excited, and after a few drinks, the two of us were sitting comfortably on the couch. After some more small talk, Jon asked me, "So, what do you want to do?" I explained to him that I had never been with another man, and he assured me that he would go slow. Moving closer to me, Jon began kissing me lightly, and massaging my cock through my pants. At first, I was reluctant, but after a while I began enjoy the feel of his strong hands on my body, as well as the feel of his tongue passionately probing my mouth. Slowly, he began to strip me, pulling my shirt up over my head, and sucking on my nipples. Within minutes, I was completely naked on his couch, and ready for action.

Once I was naked, Jon stood up in front of me, and I began to rub his cock and balls through his pants. Unbuttoning his pants, I released his throbbing uncut cock, and closing my eyes, I began to lick the head, tasting my first cock, before taking him into my mouth. He had an average sized cock, about 6.5 inches, but it was uncut and quite thick, with a large bulbous head. At first I teased him, flicking my tongue around the head of his cock, but after a few minutes I took him deep into my throat. Lost in the moment, I began sucking on him hungrily, massaging his balls with my hand, and flicking my tongue lovingly over the head of his cock. Moaning loudly, Jon pinned my body to the couch with his weight and began to fuck my mouth, thrusting deep into my throat, and within minutes I could feel the orgasm building within him, until his whole body tensed, and he deposited his thick load deep into my throat. 

After Jon came, he kissed me, and then repositioned me on my hands and knees on the sofa. Moving behind me, he slowly began to caress my ass, and then buried his face between my cheeks, flicking his hot tongue over my virgin hole. I had never felt anything like it before, and before long, Jon roughly inserted a finger and then two into my tight virgin ass, loosening me up for his cock. As he continued to break in my hole, we repositioned and I began to suck him back to life. The feeling of having a cock in my mouth while being fingered and licked brought me over the edge, and I could feel him grow hard in my mouth. 

Once he was hard again, Jon suggested we move to the bedroom, and positioned me on my back on the bed. Moving on top of me, he kissed me hard on the mouth and then slid up my body and roughly shoved his cock back into my mouth. The feel of having another man's weight pinning me down while he was fucking my mouth turned me on even more, and sensing this, Jon withdrew his cock from my mouth, and positioned himself between my legs. 

Lifting my legs up, Jon pinned my legs back behind my head, and again began to lick and finger my ass, loosening me up for his cock. After he had gotten me loosened up, he put on a condom, and I could feel him rubbing his cock against my virgin hole. The feeling of his hard cock pressing up against my hole got me really hot, and I started grinding my ass against him. Slowly, Jon began to press the head of his cock into my ass, and I could feel my body stretching to accommodate the width of his cock. Inching his way deeper into me, Jon paused for a brief moment to let me get used to the feeling, and then began slowly thrusting into me. Once he had worked his whole cock into me, he began to fuck me hard, sucking on my nipples and kissing me as he plowed into me. 

Once he could see I was enjoying myself, Jon pulled his cock out and repositioned me on all fours at the edge of the bed. Moving behind me, he placed the head of his cock back at my deflowered hole, and shoved his cock back into me from behind. Grabbing me by the hips, Jon fucked me deep and hard, slapping my ass hard as he thrust into me. The feeling of being so completely full of cock had me on the edge of orgasm, and I reached back to spread my cheeks so allow him full access to my hole. Picking up the pace, Jon began to fuck me even harder, and within seconds I could feel his cock begin to swell inside me. Pulling his cock out of my ass, Jon pulled off the condom and exploded onto my face. Opening my mouth I hungrily took his cum-covered cock into my mouth, and swallowed every drop he pumped down my throat before licking his cock clean.