 My first homosexual experience was eye opening, as it showed me a whole other side of my sexuality that had been previously left unattended. Although I continued to enjoy sex with women, I found that I still was curious about the pleasures of the homosexual lifestyle, and was more open to discreetly meeting new men. This is the story of my next gay experience, with a man I met while on a business trip.

About a month after I had my first homosexual experience, I was sent on a business trip to New York, a trip that I was not looking forward too. Regardless, the next day I found myself on an airplane to New York, and after the plane took off, I began to have a nice conversation with the guy sitting next to me, who introduced himself as Spencer. Spencer was an attractive older man in his fifties, well dressed, and in good shape, with salt and pepper gray hair. Over drinks and our meal, we engaged in small talk, getting to know each other better, and when we arrived in New York, we exchanged business cards and wished each other luck before going our separate ways. 

After saying goodbye to Spencer, I got in a cab to the hotel, and after a short drive was relaxing in the comfort of my hotel room. Feeling a bit tired from the flight, I decided to take a quick shower to freshen up, and when I emerged from the shower, I was hungry and decided to order room service. Turning on the TV, I sat down on the bed, and was browsing through the room service menu when my mobile phone rang. Picking it up, I was surprised to find that it was Spencer on the other line, and when he offered me dinner at his uptown apartment, I happily accepted. Following a short cab ride, I pulled up to Spencer's apartment, and was told to go the 25th floor. 

After about an hour and some 4 glasses of wine, Spencer's butler Charles appeared from the kitchen and announced that dinner was served, and Spencer and I moved out to the balcony for dinner. Looking out at the wonderful views afforded by Spencer's balcony, we enjoyed a wonderful gourmet dinner, and found that we actually had quite a few common interests. Spencer was a kind, father-figure type, who was obviously quite successful, and the more time we spent talking, the more I started to feel like he was trying to seduce me. 

It was getting late when Spencer and I moved inside from the balcony, and feeling quite drunk, the two of began to open up to each other. Taking a seat next to me on the couch, Spencer began inching closer to me and stroking my arm, and enjoying the feeling of him lightly touching me, I felt my cock start to swell. Slowly, Spencer worked his way up my leg, and seeing that I did not resist, he put his arm around me and pulled me close to him. It was then that Spencer asked me if I had ever had any sexual experiences with men, and I admitted that I had only recently had my first experience and enjoyed it a lot. I went on to explain that I enjoyed giving myself to older men, and I nervously admitted that I was attracted to him.

With that, Spencer began kissing me, and slowly moved on top of me on the couch. The feeling of having another man's weight on top of me while his tongue probed my mouth had me really excited, and without thinking I began feeling Spencer's swelling cock with my hand. As I continued to massage his cock through his pants, Spencer pulled me close and began to slowly undress me. 

Once Spencer was hard, I told him to stand up and kneeled in front of him on the floor, ready to service him. Unbuckling his belt, I pulled down his pants, freeing his cock, which was already hard and ready for action. At least eight inches long, uncut and very thick, Spencer's cock was much bigger than my first lover's, and I struggled to take the head of his cock in my mouth. Slowly teasing the head with my tongue, I licked the length of Spencer's cock, lapping his fragrant precum that was now flowing from his engorged manhood. After a few minutes of this, I began to massage his balls, licking and sucking them as I rubbed his twitching cock on my face. This brought a gasp out of Spencer, who began to moan loudly, begging me to take him into my mouth, and eager to please my new lover, I obliged, taking him deep in my throat. Grabbing the back of my head, Spencer began to gently fuck my mouth, working his cock deeper and deeper until my nose was buried in his pubes. Pulling his cock slowly out of my mouth, Spencer tightened his grip on my head, and began to rhythmically fuck my mouth, pulling the head out to my lips before thrusting it back deep into my throat. Loving every minute of it, I continued massaging my lover's balls while working my tongue along the shaft until I could sense that Spencer was about to cum, and as I took him deep into my throat one last time, I felt his balls tighten one last time before he let out a loud moan, and deposited a warm, thick load deep into my throat. 

After swallowing every last drop of Spencer's cum and licking his cock clean, I gave Spencer a passionate kiss, and suggested that head up to the bedroom for some more fun. As soon as we reached his bedroom, Spencer shut the door behind us, and led me to the bed. Laying me down, Spencer slowly stripped me of my remaining clothes, and rolled me onto my stomach, while massaging my shoulders. After massaging me for about 15 minutes, Spencer repositioned me on my back and pinned my legs to my chest with his arms, giving him complete access to my back door. Burying his face between my legs, Spencer began to lick my balls and exposed asshole, which sent me over the edge. As Spencer continued to lather up my ass with his experienced tongue, I could feel myself getting hotter and hotter, and when he slowly began to probe my steaming hole, loosening me up for his cock, I felt like I was going to die from the sheer pleasure. 

As Spencer continued to probe my ass, we moved into a 69, and I rubbed his cock and balls before taking him back into my mouth. Taking his limp cock into my mouth, I grabbed hold of his balls, and began to tease the head with my lips and tongue while stroking his hardening shaft. After a few minutes, I could feel Spencer's cock start to grow hard in my mouth, and told him I needed to feel him inside me. Moving on top of me, Spencer positioned me on all fours, and told me to rest my head on the pillow. Once I was in position, I could feel Spencer's hands move to my hips, and braced myself for his long, thick cock. Placing his cock at the entrance to my hole, Spencer slowly pushed the head of his cock in, and began working it in circles until he had penetrated me to the head. I had never taken anything that big into my ass before, and nothing could have prepared me for the pain, but after a while I could feel my ass begin to relax to accommodate his intrusion. As my ass struggled to handle the width of Spencer's cock, Spencer slowly began to slide his cock deeper into me, sending a wave of pain through my body. As wave after wave of pain came and went, Spencer continued to penetrate me deeper, until he filled me completely. Draping himself over my back, Spencer paused to allow me to adjust to his size, and assured me that the pain would go away soon. 

The feeling of being so completely full of cock was like nothing I had ever felt before, and after a few minutes, I was enjoying the feeling of Spencer's hard cock nestled deep inside of me. Sensing that I was ready, Spencer began to thrust gently into me, grabbing my by the hips and massaging my ass while working me with his cock from behind. With each thrust, Spencer's cock penetrated deeper into me, and I was in heaven, filling the room with wild moans of pleasure. Slapping my ass playfully with each stroke, Spencer began fucking me harder and harder, and with each powerful stroke, I could feel his balls slap hard up against my ass cheeks. After fucking me from behind hard for about ten minutes, Spencer withdrew from my ass and flipped me on my back. Spreading my legs with his strong arms, Spencer positioned himself between my legs, placed the head of his cock against my asshole, and filled me with one hard thrust. Leaning down to kiss me, Spencer began fucking me hard, and with each thrust, I cried out in ecstasy, writhing beneath him. As he continued to pound me mercilessly, filling the room with the sounds of our passion, I could feel an orgasm start to build within me. 

Grabbing hold of my ass, I spread my cheeks open as far as they could go, to give him full access to my hole, and began to thrust back onto his cock with each stroke, screaming, "Fuck me harder! I'm gonna cum sooooo fucking hard! Don't stop!" As I continued to moan, Spencer began fucking me with reckless abandon, pushing me over the edge, until I felt my ass twitch around his swollen member, and exploded in orgasm. As I started to come, I felt Spencer's cock swell one last time before he came deep inside of me, filling my ass with his hot seed. Exhausted, Spencer collapsed on top of me, and I closed my eyes and let myself enjoy the feeling of his cock slowly shrinking and sliding out of my well worn hole.