 It was after ten the next day and I had already missed my seminar at the hotel, when I woke naked in the bed of my new lover, in his upscale Manhattan apartment. As I emerged from the bedroom, I was greeted by Spencer's butler Charles, who gave me a knowing glance before taking me out to the balcony for breakfast. I was more than a bit embarrassed, as I was sure that Charles must have heard us last night, but when I sat down to eat, Spencer assured me that it was no big deal, which relaxed me quite a bit. 

After eating, Spencer and I went back into the house, and Charles excused himself, saying that he had to go out to do some errands. Once we were alone, Spencer asked me if I enjoyed myself last night, and I smiled shyly, nodding my head. "So did I," said Spencer, "I'm getting hard just thinking about it now," he said, opening his robe to show me his swelling cock. Reaching out, Spencer took hold of my hand and placed it on his cock, and not wanting to disappoint, I began to caress it until it was at full attention. With nowhere to go, and more than a little aroused, I slowly got to my knees in front of him, and told him to sit back and relax. 

Taking him into my mouth, I started sucking gently on Spencer's cock, teasing the head before taking him all the way down my throat. Lost in the moment, I began sucking Spencer's cock like a whore, alternating between sucking on the head, and taking him deep into my throat. Staring deep into his eyes, I continued to suck Spencer hard, my excitement growing each time I engulfed his manhood, and after about ten minutes Spencer let out a loud groan and exploded his hot cum all over my face. Still on my knees, I took my lover's cock back in my mouth, and was in the process of licking Spencer's cock clean when I looked up, and to my utter horror, realized that we were not alone. 

I'm not sure how long Charles had been standing there watching us, but I had never felt more embarrassed and ashamed in my life. There I was, on my knees with another man's cock in my mouth, and his cum all over my face, and I couldn't move a muscle. Spencer immediately noticed my change in attitude, and when he saw Charles, he had a mischievous twinkle in his eyes. Turning to me, Spencer assured me that there was nothing to be worried about. Looking back at Charles, Spencer motioned for him to leave, and as soon as he was gone, I excused myself and went to the bathroom to clean up.

I had just finished showering, and was toweling off when Spencer knocked on the bathroom door, and let himself in. As I toweled off, Spencer again assured me that there was nothing to worry about, and told me that he had a surprise waiting for me in the bedroom. Still quite embarrassed, I asked him if he had talked to Charles, and he told me that he had. 

"How long was he standing there?" I asked, with my head in my hands.

"He saw the whole thing, and he said it got him really hot...So what do you think? Ever tried a threesome?"

Now I really couldn't believe what I was hearing. Spencer wanted to share me with his black butler, and to my own disbelief, I found myself getting aroused at the thought of taking on two cocks at the same time. Also, Charles was black, and I saw this as the perfect chance for me to experience two of my most intense fantasies at once. Standing in my towel I began to think of what it would be like to service a long, thick, black cock, and be used by two men at one time, and as my imagination ran wild, I could feel my own cock starting to swell. "Should I call Charles to deal with that?" Spencer asked, pointing at my rising cock, and after careful consideration, I decided I had nothing to lose, and nodded towards the phone. 

After a short discussion, Spencer and I decided that we would call Charles to the room without telling him, and Spencer would take care of the rest. As I waited nervously, Spencer called Charles and asked him to bring us some water, and almost before I could get naked and into bed, there was a soft knock on the door. Opening door, Spencer ushered Charles in, and closed the door behind him. Once Charles was in the room, Spencer told me out of bed and letting my submissive side take complete control of me, I got out of bed, and kneeled before the two of them, ready to submit to their every desire. 

Once I was in position, Spencer told Charles that I had volunteered to be their sex toy for the afternoon, and moving in front of Charles, I reached up and started unbuckling his pants, slowly pulling them down around his ankles. Teasing him, I slowly began fondling his balls and kissing his awakening cock through his underwear, and when the first traces of precum began to seep through Charles underwear, I gently peeled his underwear down around his ankles, releasing his throbbing black cock. Charles's cock was about 7 inches long, uncut and very dark. After licking the pre-cum from the slit, I took him into my mouth, savoring my first taste of black cock, until I could feel the head at the entrance to my throat. 

Caressing his balls in my left hand, I continued to service Charles's cock, stroking it while working my mouth up and down the length of the shaft. As I serviced Charles, Spencer slowly undressed, watching us intently, and when he was naked, he moved in front of me and started slapping my cheek with his hard cock. Taking Spencer into my hand, I began to stroke his cock back to life while I continued to work on Charles, and when he was hard I began to alternate between the two of them. Kneeling between Spencer and Charles, I took hold of their cocks, and began to work both of their cock heads into my mouth. Grabbing onto the back of my head, Spencer and Charles probed my mouth with their cocks, gently thrusting deeper and deeper into my mouth. Completely lost in the realization of what I was doing, I shed any remaining inhibitions I had still been hanging onto, and enjoyed the sounds of pleasure that were coming from my two lovers.

As I continued to orally service Spencer and Charles, sucking on one of their cocks while stroking the other with my hand, Spencer moved into position behind me, and told me to stand up. Bending me over so that I could continue to service Charles, Spencer spread my ass cheeks with his hands, and started to work his tongue into my tight hole. After Spencer had licked my ass with his warm tongue for a few minutes, he told Charles that I was ready to be taken. 

Laying down on the couch, Charles motioned for me to mount him, and straddling him, I took hold of his firm black cock and positioned the head at the opening to my hole. Well lubed up from Spencer's tongue, I began to gently slide Charles's cock along my ass crack, working the head of it inside of me, and once he had penetrated me, I lowered myself onto his cock until I was impaled completely. Once Charles was nestled snugly inside my tight backdoor, I began to ride him, slowly increasing in speed as I started to enjoy the feeling of Charles's hard cock sliding in and out of my ass. Judging from the looks on his face, Charles was enjoying every second, and pulling me down to him, he began kissing me as I continued to impale myself on his cock. 

After watching Charles and I intently, Spencer decided to get in the action, and joined us on the couch, presenting me with his cock. Teasing Spencer's cock, I continued riding up and down on Charles's stiff rod, and as he got more and more excited, I could feel his soft hands gently caressing my ass. As I rode him, Charles began to thrust into me with more urgency, fucking me harder, which made me really hot, and I began sucking on Spencer harder and harder, trying to coax the cum out of his throbbing manhood. While I continued to service Spencer, I could feel Charles's cock begin to swell as he ploughed deeper and deeper into me, and not wanting him to cum too soon, I dismounted, and got on all fours on the floor. Positioning himself behind me, Charles took hold of my hips and entered me, thrusting his cock into me to the hilt. 

As Charles continued his assault on my ass, Spencer kneeled in front of me, and I took him back into my mouth. Never before had I been so horny, and as Charles continued to fuck me from behind, I could feel an orgasm start to build deep within my bowels. Opening my throat to Spencer's meat, I let him slide deep into my throat, and reaching below my body, I grabbed hold of my cock and began to stroke myself frantically. As I stroked my cock with my left hand, Charles grabbed hold of my right hand, and began fucking me intensely, pulling me roughly onto his cock with every thrust, and I could feel myself getting closer and closer to orgasm. 

Moaning and groaning like I was about to die, I closed my eyes and arched my back, and before I knew it, the room started to spin, and I screamed out in ecstasy, as wave after wave of pleasure ravaged my body. As I riled in the depths of my mindblowing orgasm, Spencer told Charles to cum in my ass, and grabbing hold of my hips, Charles pushed my head down to the floor, and started fucking me with all his remaining strength. With each stroke he took into my tender hole, I could feel Charles' cock get bigger and bigger, until he lost control and came with a loud moan, shooting his thick seed deep inside my well fucked ass. 

As soon as Charles had cum, Spencer told him to switch places, and entered me from behind in one powerful thrust. At this point, I was completely exhausted, and recognizing this, Spencer started teasing me with his cock, pulling it out several times only to plunge it back in to the hilt. Each time he withdrew from my ass, I could feel my hole gaping wide open for him to fill with his cock, and after teasing me for several minutes, Spencer told me to lick Charles' cock clean. Desperate to be ravaged by Spencer's cock again, I took Charles' softening manhood back into my mouth. As I sucked and licked Charles's cock clean, Spencer sat down on the couch, and motioned me to mount him. 

Squatting above Spencer facing outwards, I could feel Charles's thick cum oozing out of my wet hole. Coating his cock with Charles's cum, I grabbed hold of Spencer's cock, and guided it effortlessly into my ass, relishing the feeling of his manhood resting snugly in my tight hole. When I began to ride him, Spencer lay back, and pulled me back on top of him. Using his hands to spread my legs apart, Spencer thrust deep into me, and gently began stroking my cock back to life. Once I was hard, Charles moved between my legs, and began licking my balls, teasing them as Spencer continued to pump me from behind. Working his cock deeper and deeper into me, Spencer continued to ream me and Charles took my cock into his mouth, and began sucking hard on the head. Stroking his hand along the length of my shaft, Charles lovingly took me all the way into his mouth, stopping only to tease the head with his tongue. 

As Charles continued to suck me off, I began working my ass in circles, riding Spencer, impaling myself on his cock. Charles must have had a lot of cocksucking experience, because it was by far the most amazing head I had ever had in my life, and within minutes, I was moaning in pleasure. Sensing that I was about to cum, Charles began to massage my balls with his hand, driving me over the edge. Screaming out, I grabbed hold of Charles's head, thrusting my cock deep into his throat one last time before I shot a huge load of cum into his mouth. 

After milking every last drop from my withering cock, Charles kissed his way up my body and kissed me deeply on the mouth, filling my mouth with my own cum before swirling it around my mouth with his tongue. Swallowing every drop, I was overwhelmed by the taste of my own seed and the decadence of what I had just done, and as my body contracted from yet another unbelievable orgasm, Spencer withdrew, flipped me onto my back and prepared to enter me once again. 

Moving between my legs Spencer shoved his cock roughly into my gaping, spasming hole. Pinning my legs back behind my head, Spencer drove his cock into me mercilessly, splitting me in two with each thrust. Exhausted, I closed my eyes in ecstasy, letting myself enjoy every minute of our passion, and after pounding my ass hard for at least ten minutes, Spencer withdrew his cock from my ass with a loud pop. Lying on my back, I writhed in pleasure as Spencer squatted above me, and pumped the contents of his loaded balls into my mouth and all over my face. Lying on my back, I used my fingers to scoop Spencer's hot seed into my mouth, and when I had swallowed every drop of his cum, I took him back into my mouth and licked his cock clean.