 As soon as I had finished licking the cum off of Jon's softening cock, I excused myself, and went and took a long hot shower. As I soaped up my body I was literally shaking, feeling both exhilarated at what had just happened, and guilty at submitting to this stranger. Without saying a word to him, I toweled off and dressed quickly, and asked him to take me home.  

On the ride home, Jon and I had a nice conversation, and found that we had a number of things in common. About 5 minutes from my house I asked Jon if he wanted to get a quick bite to eat and a cup of coffee at a 24 hr diner, and we got better acquainted. When we finished eating, Jon took me back to my house, and as we pulled up, I thanked him for a nice time, and asked him if he wanted to come in for a cup of coffee, which he accepted. Sitting on the couch in my living room, we started sipped our coffees, chatting about life in general, and eventually our conversation turned to sex. I admitted to Jon that he was my first, and he asked if I liked it. I told him that I was nervous, but enjoyed it quite a bit, and with that Jon asked me if I'd like to try it again. Moving closer to me, Jon began kissing me, and soon had my shirt off and began sucking on my nipples while stroking my cock through my jeans. As Jon went to work on me, I began to undress him, unbuckling his belt and freeing his throbbing cock. Repositioning himself, Jon moved on top of me, and started rubbing his cock all over my face. Opening my mouth, I began to lick the head of his cock and then took him into my mouth completely. Flicking my tongue lightly over the head of his cock, I found myself lost completely in the moment, and loving every minute of it. As I sucked greedily on Jon's cock, stopping only to lick his balls and tease the head, he continued undressing me until I was completely naked and ready to submit to him once again. 

As soon as I was naked, Jon told me to get on my hands and knees on the floor with my ass in the air, and repositioned himself behind me. Spreading my legs apart, he began to lick my balls from behind, working his way towards my throbbing back door. Licking all around my asshole, Jon then inserted a finger inside me, gently loosening me up for his cock, and changed positions to give me access to his cock. Grabbing hold of his swollen balls I tugged them hard before taking his softened member back into my mouth, and felt him immediately grow hard in my mouth. The feeling of sucking a man's cock back to life while he was licking and probing my ass, loosening me up, was like nothing I had ever experienced before, and by the time I felt Jon's lubed up cock rubbing up and down my ass crack, I thought I was going to die from the sheer pleasure. 

Sensing my excitement, Jon moved behind me, and placed the spongy head of his cock at the opening to my tender hole. Inserting the head of his cock into my waiting hole, Jon let me adjust to accommodate him, and then split me open with one hard thrust. Driving his cock deep into me Jon grabbed hold of my hips and started fucking me like the cock slut I had become, pulling his cock out to the head with each thrust, before shoving it back in to the hilt. Lying my head down on the hard floor, I reached back and pulled my ass open, to let him in even deeper, moaning louder with each thrust. Draping himself over my back, Jon reached beneath me and started stroking my cock, kissing my neck and licking my ears as he plowed into me from behind.  

After about ten minutes of hard fucking, Jon told me he wanted to see my face while he fucked me, and flipped me onto my back. Positioning himself between my legs, Jon roughly shoved his cock back into me, and pulled my legs up onto his shoulders. As he fucked me Jon leaned down and kissed me passionately, probing my mouth with his tongue. Writhing in ecstasy, I made noises I didn't know I had in me, primal, guttural, animal noises, which only made Jon hotter, and I could sense he was about to come.  Not wanting him to come yet, I asked him to take me from behind again, and he happily obliged. Bending me over the arm of the couch, Jon penetrated me once again with his swollen member, grabbing my hips hard started fucking me hard, slapping my ass with each thrust. The sound of his loaded balls slapping against me with each thrust had me about to explode, and I screamed "Oh yeah!  Harder!…Fuck me harder!…Come inside me!" Plunging deeper and deeper inside of me, Jon fucked me violently until I could feel myself on the verge of orgasm. "I'm gonna  cum!," I screamed and as Jon continued pounding me from behind  I felt a wave of ecstasy engulf me and I had the most intense orgasm of my life. As I came, I could feel my ass start to twitch, milking the cum from Jon's cock. Unable to resist anymore, Jon grabbed hold of my hips, slammed into me deep and hard one last time, and emptied his balls deep in my ass. With each spurt of his cock, each stream of cum that he shot into me I got hotter and hotter, and when he finally slipped out of me, I felt strangely empty.  

After a quick nap, Jon suggested that we head upstairs, and we decided to take a shower to clean up. Stepping into the warm water, I began to soap my body from head to toe, and when Jon joined me I lathered up his cock and balls. Soaping up my ass, Jon moved behind me, and began rubbing his soapy cock up and down my crack. It felt so good, and not wanting to disappoint him, I asked him if he wanted to dry off and take it to the bedroom. Agreeing, Jon told me to dry off first, and wait for him to join me in bed. 

Lying naked on my bed, I waited excitedly for Jon to come take me again. Emerging from the bathroom, Jon dropped his towel to the floor and joined me in bed. Rolling me over onto my stomach, Jon began massaging my shoulders and back, working his way down to my ass. When he reached my ass, my legs parted automatically, giving him access to my back door. Gently, Jon began flicking his tongue around my hole, lathering it up for his cock. Unable to stop myself, I repositioned onto my back, and spread my legs apart to give him full access. Rolling me back on my shoulders with my legs pointing straight up in the air, Jon began to probe me deeply with his tongue, inserting a finger and then two into my hole, and started licking my balls.  

Once I was ready, Jon rolled over onto his back, and I moved on top of him kissing him and stroking his already hard cock. Kissing my way down to his cock, I took it in my hand, pulled it back, and began licking Jon's balls, my nose full of his musky, masculine scent. Licking up and down the shaft, I finally took the head of his cock in my mouth, and slowly engulfed his cock until my nose was buried in his pubic hairs. As I bobbed up and down on his cock, I could feel his hand resting gently on my head, guiding me as I sucked him, and I relished the sounds of pleasure I was causing to emanate from my new lover. 

As much as I enjoyed sucking his cock, I felt more urgent needs, and slowly moved on top of Jon, and guided the head of his cock into my hole. Squatting above his naked body, I slowly lowered myself onto his cock until it filled me completely, savoring the feeling of his hard, throbbing member buried deep within my bowels.   

Slowly lifting my body up and down with my legs, I began to ride him, and within minutes we got into rhythm. Riding him harder now, I placed a hand on his chest for balance, and began to impale myself harder and harder onto his engorged member. As I rode him, Jon told me to lie on top of him, and kissed me passionately, sucking on my tongue while his strong hands caressed my ass.  

After fucking in this position for nearly twenty minutes, Jon told me to face the other way, and I slowly rotated, not wanting him to withdraw from my ass. Once in position, I continued to ride him, until Jon pulled his cock out of me, and moved us to the edge of the bed. Sensing what he wanted, I arched my back, pushing my ass up into the air, and placed my hands on the floor at the foot of the bed. With my ass literally twitching with anticipation, I prepared myself for Jon's cock, and within seconds my wish was granted. Sliding his shaft deep into me, Jon began fucking me hard, and I groaned in pleasure. Working his cock in circles, Jon corkscrewed his way deeper and deeper into my ass as I moaned like a whore, screaming for him to fuck me harder. Picking up the pace, Jon slammed into me from behind, filling the room with the sound of his balls slapping up against my ass with each stroke. Sensing that he was about to come, I reached back underneath my body and began to pull gently on his balls as he continued to fuck me hard. This pushed Jon over the edge, and within seconds he thrust deep inside of me one last time, filling me with his hot seed. Breathing heavily, Jon collapsed on top of me, and as his cock withered I could feel him slip out of my ass. 

Seeing that Jon was exhausted, I told him I hadn't come yet, and asked him if he wanted to watch me finish myself off.  Scooping up a healthy glob of the cum that was now oozing out of my hole, I lubed up my cock and coaxed it back to life. As Jon watched in awe I continued stroking my cock, and inserted two fingers into my hole, probing deeper and deeper into my own ass. As I continued to pleasure myself, Jon started stroking his cock back to life and started to suck the head while I stroked the shaft. Seeing that Jon was hard again, I told him I wanted to suck it again, and we moved into a 69. Moving on top of me, Jon took me into his mouth, and told me to do the same. Opening my mouth I took Jon's cock deep into my throat, and continued to finger myself as he fucked my mouth and sucked expertly on my cock. Within minutes, I felt like I was going to pass out from the pleasure, and as Jon continued to devour my cock I exploded in orgasm. After licking my cock clean, Jon leaned back and told me to finish him off. Moving on top of him I took his cock back into my mouth, licking the head while sucking hard on the shaft. Jon was in ecstasy, moaning loudly, and came hard, burying his cock deep in my throat before shooting his diluted load into my stomach. Swallowing every drop, I licked Jon's cock clean, and realized that from now on nothing would be the same again…