 Sitting at the bar, letting the ambiance of the venue fill me, I met him. He was charming, to say the least, and he took an interest in me. His eyes watched me and took me in, letting his fantasies run amuck, I imagine, and he sat ever so close to me. The feedback from the opening band startled me awake, and I noticed his hand on my thigh.

"Opening bands usually suck," he said.

"I know," I retorted, "but I gotta get my money's worth."

I lit a cigarette and inhaled deeply. He let go of my thigh and left me at the bar. He walked to the floor, where his friends were standing, saving his spot I suppose. I gulped my rum and coke, smushed my cigarette, and went down to the floor. The lead guitarist played a few riffs for sound check and I lost interest in the band. He played a couple of riffs to a few songs already in rotation in our local radio station, so I immediately knew they were a cover band. Man, they suck. I hate cover bands as much as I hate commercial radio.

I stood behind him and he looked back, winked, and looked forward. He spoke ever so softly. The sound check was hell for me because the band was so uncoordinated, but somehow I just stood there, waiting for the band to hurry up and start their gig. Drummer up next: thump thump thump. The sound of the crash cymbal jarred me awake and he was right beside me, running his hand up and down my ass quickly.

"I wish you would follow me," he pointed behind the stage, "no one ever goes to these bathrooms."

"Erm," I flustered, "Gee, thanks, but umm--" and to my relief the band started. Needless to say that they were a cover band and they sucked so much eggs that two thirds of the audience went back to the bar. The lead singer's vocals were a mix of grunge and screamo. Guy couldn't hold down together one note before switching to his guttural chanting. It made me sick just listening to him.

"I know you want to," he whispered into my ear between songs, "I can tell you are hard underneath your clothes, hard and willing."

I breathed harder and harder, after the fourth song, the band announced their set and started removing their instruments. He hands no longer caressed my ass swiftly nor discreetly. They were not ambiguous in their attack. Obvious to everyone else, they saw his desire for my young and nubile body. That is, if they were really paying attention to me and not the suck band that were just now getting off the stage.

"Fuck, alright, fine, I'll follow you," I said and he smiled broadly. He made his way towards the back of the stage and lost him after the roadies were getting their crap together. After seventeen seconds I made my way to the back of the stage and I bumped into the second opening band. They apologized and got on with their organizing. Their lead singer grabbed my arm and said, "Hey, you're gonna watch us perform, right?"

"Dude, yeah, fuck yeah! Wouldn't miss it!" I then added, "but my bladder, you know."

I walked a few more steps and found the bathroom. The door was shabby and looked like a disaster area: flagrant misuse of band stickers, graffiti, profane messages for blow jobs, numbers posted for hookers, Johns, pimps. All in all, a shitty bathroom. When I opened the door, he stood next to the sink, waiting for me, and I soon realized why no one ever entered this bathroom: it stank. Horrid stench of urine and feces. Fuck, if this was his idea of a hook up, thank god I didn't personally know him. He smiled and guided me onto a stall and closed it. He undid my pants and dropped my underwear. He licked his lips at the sight of my cock and smiled. You know, for a one nighter, he was awfully cute. His smile could go on for days and days and I would feel invited into his personal joke. He licked the head of my penis and then began to suck it. He was a bit rough, but not so rough that it made me lose sensation altogether. I could hear the thump thump thump of the bass drum as the drummer finished his sound check. 

He got up and undid his own pants and his cock popped out of his underwear. It was a majestic cock, veins running up and down his shaft marking the beauty and not its savagery, the color of his skin fair and smooth. I held it for five seconds and it felt quite wonderful. This is the kind of cock that makes you want it forever and ever. I knelt down as the guitar riffs reverberated through the walls and shook me to my core. The bass lines running through me as I sucked him, licked him, kissed him. The rapid blast beats egging me on.

He grabbed me from the back of the head and pushed his majestic cock deeper into my mouth, and I gagged. I know I shouldn't have, but I wasn't ready for it. I pushed him off me and began to cough.

"Shit, sorry man," he apologized.

"No, no, my fault," I said, "should have prepared."

He placed his pole back on my face and I started again. I held him by the hips as I bobbed my head to and fro. He started moaning and, not caring of the hither tos and the whyfores, he came in my mouth. I swallowed what I could, and held the rest in my mouth. Second song was coming on and he forced me up, turned me around, and felt his hand slap my ass. It was a wet slap, it was a kind of cold slap, and most of all, it was an invading kind of slap. I felt a finger enter my ass and a wetness left behind on its wake. I knew what he had done. I tried to ease my ass and it worked for a moment as his fingers sought entrance and my sphincter gave way. He thought my as ready, then placed his head on my anus. He pushed.

As the second song came to a close and the third song thrilled to life by harder, fresher and more metal riffs, he was already head-deep into my ass. He didn't get much more than his head as my ass was unwilling and I was complaining about the pain.

"Fuck, ow!" I winced, "That hurts."

"Sorry, sorry," he said. "Just, relax. I got you. I won't hurt you much more."

He tried again and this time, my ass was more than willing. I was still tight around his cock, but it hurt less then the previous attempt. He began drilling himself into me and I just stood there, enjoying ever second of it. His cock filled me and hit my spot and got me rock hard. He held my hips as I moaned through each thrust. His hands rough, his thrusts firm, my ass aching. He clenched my ass and he moaned with me. I heard him utter "fuck" as he placed his torso against my back. I felt his chin glide across my shoulder and then felt his lips. His started kissing me, then he bit me. Each thrust got harder and more deliberate. We heard the third song segue into the fourth song, the roar of the vocals finally reached me. He was screeching, banshee-like, and I was moaning hard to mach it. I heard the door open and my eyes bugged out.

"Shit," I heard, then shuffling and then water running. All this through the second band's performance. He had stopped thrusting his cock into me and then after the intruder left, he continued. He smiled and laugh and placed his hand on my cock. He began rubbing it, then pulling the skin down, and then finally jerking me off properly. His thrusts were less pronounced, but his dick was still hitting my spot. After two minutes, I came on the stall.

"Shit, I gotta go," he said and dressed. The second band was done, the roadies taking care of their crap.

"You don't want to miss the band, huh?" I asked.

"Yeah...something like that," he said and was gone. I got ready, pulled my underwear up, pulled up my pants, and then fastened them. I walked to the sink and washed my face. I had sweated during the whole fuck, and my hair looked a mess. The spikes I had made were already down and I decided to wash it all off. My hair came down to my chin, not that long but I liked it. The band I came to see were going through their sound check. I smiled onto the mirror and I sighed that content little sigh, one of a person after having gotten laid after a year of drought. I walked out of the bathroom, the band already pronouncing their first song, and I stepped onto the floor. The lead singer smiled at me and flipped his hair off his eyes. It was him. Him, the one nighter, in all his shinning glory, up on stage.

"I just got laid in your bathroom, and this song goes out to that person..."