 Luke what happened?? I know we haven't talked in sometime but I did think about you and what we did. We haven't talked in sometime, actually since our last meeting, one that I remember very well. 

We met in a LGBT site that we both belonged to and traded e-mails and "winks" till I finally got up the nerve to ask if you wanted to get together sometime. You replied sure and we traded more details of ourselves. My profile was left kind of blank, I did that to get more responses I told myself; I didn't really know what to say or how to say it is more of the truth. 

My first experiences with sex were with my best friend, they started off innocent enough, just sharing hand jobs, then moved on to oral and finally with him fucking me. Wow, did I ever enjoy that, you would have never convinced me that I would find getting fucked that enjoyable, but I did and once my friend and I had broken through that barrier I wanted it all the time. We were much younger around 18 and spent lots of time together, paling around. Once we had tried anal sex I was hooked, every time we got together I ended up on my knees either sucking him of he would fuck me. Hell I gave him road head several times and he fucked me in every place imaginable, barns, haymows, pools, my bed, his bed, the shower, and my favorite when we would go camping. 

Camping, hell, it would start off innocent enough, actually camping, fishing and just hanging out together, but by that first afternoon when the sun got high and the fish didn't bite we decided to go swimming and then skinny dipping, finally arriving at my first blow job of the trip or him pounding me on a sand bar. The rest of the "camping trip" turned into an orgy with only two people, if that is possible. We always found interesting places for me to either suck him dry or he would fuck me senseless. All day long we would be naked and enjoying whatever "popped" up. 

I think he actually enjoyed fucking me, he never brought it on, I always did, he never tried to back out, he never gave me oral in return, just a hand job, sure he would be bashful at first but once I had my hand around his wonderful cock, he would stiffen and I knew he wanted it as much as I did. It would begin with me sucking him good and hard then I would find myself on my knees and he would approach me with that club leading the way. Of course I would always say "take it easy, go slow, easy guy" but once I got used to him again I would find myself backing up to take that meaty cock as deep as he would plunge it into me. 

We used whatever we had for lube, spit at first then moved on to Crisco, if you can believe that, then finally finding Vaseline. That was the good stuff, get his cock good and slimy then I had to lube my own ass up, he wouldn't, but it didn't take him long to impale me on that cock once I was done. He would fuck me for what seemed like forever, always cumming deep in my, by then, loose ass. In time I actually loved the feeling of his cum leaking out of me, although the first time it scared the shit out of me. 

We were lovers, but didn't know it, for almost 4 years, long time huh? But we eventually went our separate ways, and found girls. I always remember those days, a good friend, great fuck buddy, easy times and great sex. We didn't even know what safe sex was; actually I didn't care as long as I got to feel his cock, either sucking him or riding him. 

He went on to get married, had kids and never thought more about it, but I did. I moved out and found 900 sex lines. I met a couple guys that way.

The first lived about an hour from me and we talked on the phone several times before we talked about meeting. I was at least 4 years past my friend and thought ready to move on to more man sex. It took some convincing but he agreed to drive here, but only if I met him at the door naked and gave him head once he stepped inside. Little did I know about safety then, but my sex drive got in the way. 

He arrived on time and I quickly stripped and met him at the door. I opened the door a little and asked who it was and he gave the right reply. I let him in and he complimented me on my body and hard cock, and then he walked into the kitchen. I wasn't far behind and was kind of taken back when he quickly dropped his jeans and undid the snap on his briefs, letting his growing cock hang free. He just pointed to his cock and I fell to my knees and sucked him deep into my mouth, like a calf to its mother's tit, I had a cock to suck again and loved it!!

We moved to the living room and made small talk, I didn't know where to go from there but he quickly took charge and soon we were sitting there naked next to each other, holding each others cocks, just enjoying the moment. He moved around and we were sucking each other and I came first, hard and deep in his mouth. I shuddered as the climax subsided and tried in vain to continue my assault on him, but quickly lost interest. He didn't know what to think and I did freak out a little, he was a small guy and I wasn't. Once we calmed down, he realized how long it had been for me and took pity, telling me it would have been worse if he had fucked me. I halfheartedly agreed and we parted ways, but deep down I knew I needed fucked.

Another guy from the 900 service was closer to me in both age and distance. I still remember the first time we met face to face. I have to admit he wasn't the prettiest guy, but east to talk to and soon we were on our way to more interesting things. That first meeting we would up in the bedroom with him humping me doggy style. I remember watching him fucking me in the wall mirror, and was amazed watching his cock emerge then disappear back into my tight ass. We fucked several times, every time better and more enjoyable for me. I know he loved fucking me as much as I enjoyed being fucked. 

We talked and he told me he was living with a guy, I immediately thought of a three with me the pivot and asked him about it. He called his friend while I was sucking him and asked about it, his friend immediately wanted to talk to me. I picked up the phone and he yelled and bitched me out, saying I was trying to take his guy. I had to talk fast and explain that wasn't the case and I was only interested in sex. He finally calmed down and declined the offer for a three, much to my relief at the time. I was with him only one more time, but was it great! We fucked a rainy afternoon away with him shooting three loads into me, but he never said anything about his boyfriend the entire time, but I knew that it was over with him.

Along came the computer age and I found a new interesting way to meet guys seeking the same thing as me. It was easier and faster, plus a great deal cheaper then the 900 numbers. The first couple of guys I met only wanted head and I mostly supplied them. I lost track of the head jobs and facials I got in the pursuit of satisfaction. I kept looking and finally found someone interested in more then oral and we got together often. He was a nice guy, a little older but very well versed in the art of anal sex. He was the first guy to make me cum from just fucking me, and I loved that!! He also set up my first MMM three-way and he kind of tricked me into it. 

I was at his place, we were drinking beer and watching some hot gay porn, when he stood up and pulled his cock out. I didn't need an interpreter and quickly guided his meat into my wanting mouth, sucking him deep. I was occupied as you can imagine and didn't hear the door open, by the time I knew something was up, a friend of his was stripping and showing me the biggest cock I had seen. I backed off the cock I was sucking and took my new friend, with the nine-inch cock, into my mouth. I couldn't take much but did the best I could. 

I moved to my feet and continued my assault on him. The other guy moved behind me and began to fuck me gently, then faster and harder, I knew he would cum quick and he did, shooting on my back. I sadly released the cock I was sucking and hoped for the best. I was quickly rewarded when he took my friends place at my ass and eased his meat into me. I thought I would split, he was so big, but he was gentle and took his time. Finally he was deep in me and I began to thrust back, just like old times, trying to get all that meat into me. He fucked me for 15 minutes then my friend walked to my face and I sucked him again. The nine-inch cock was pounding me and I was sucking like a man dying of thirst, with perfect timing both came within seconds and within me. 

I swallowed and stood up gingerly; my ass was sore but satisfied. My two friends felt to their knees and with little effort I shot a huge load all over them both. Sadly that was the last time we shared a hot encounter together. I was with the first guy several more times but we could never set up another three-way.

I moved on, still in search of a good fuck buddy, found several guys but their main concern was again getting head. I went down on a few but set my sights higher, wanting a guy to fuck me as well as share oral with. The few I sucked always said they would fuck me, but sadly none did, leaving me feeling used.

Then I met Luke. I Met him online and we hit it off nicely. He said he was older, mid to late 50's, bisexual like me, and very discreet. The only problem was finding time to meet. I work nights, second shift and don't leave work till after 11pm. Not a great time to meet a new friend, but I decided to try anyway. Luke and I e-mailed several times. Trying to find a time to get together was difficult, but we finally settled on a night, a night I hoped I would get off work early, but to no avail. I left at the regular time and called him, to let him know that I had to work and wasn't blowing him off, at least not yet. He almost begged me to stop by, but I declined, stating the time. We talked some more and he got me to agree to stop by the next night regardless of the time.

The next night arrived and luckily I was able to leave a little early. I got to my car and called Luke, he sounded relieved and he explained how to get to his place. With butterflies beating my stomach to shreds, I drove to his place. 

He met me at the top of the stairs with a strong handshake. I have to admit that I unsure about the whole thing. Here it was almost ten at night and I was meeting Luke for the first time face to face. I wasn't sure that he could live up to his boasts of being a top grade top, he looked older then he said and his pants certainly weren't straining from a big erection. We made small talk and finally he asked if I wanted to continue? I figured 'what the hell" I could blow him if nothing else, and he had promised head in return. 

I agreed and he began to strip, nice enough body but the best part was yet to come. We were both standing there in our underwear when he mentioned that her was uncut. He hadn't mentioned that before and it had always been an unclaimed fantasy of mine to suck an uncut cock. We slid our shorts down and he reached for my cock as I reached for his. I was in wonder sliding the foreskin up and over his cock head and he was stroking me nicely. 

I fell to my knees and sucked my first uncut cock into my wanting mouth. His cock grew as I continued sucking on him and soon he was sporting a very nice hard on. He had begun to roughly jack my cock and I knew he was getting turned on. He was sitting on the bed and I continued my oral skills and he told me he wanted my ass. That was enough for me and with his help I quickly assumed the position and waited for him fuck me. 

He lubed my ass slowly and gently, I loved that, then he brought his ready meat to my asshole and slowly began to fuck me. He took great care fucking me and moved very slow till I begged him to fuck me harder. Once I cleared the way he began to pound me like I have NEVER been fucked before. He varied his strokes and had me begging for his meat in no time. He moved me into several different positions, each with something better then the last. Finally we settled on doggy style with me standing, another first. I had one foot on the floor and the other knee bracing myself. He fucked me so hard that we had to reposition several times or destroy the bed.

Finally he really picked up the tempo and was fucking me like a man possessed, I knew he was close so I looked over my shoulder and begged him to fuck me harder. He responded with a grunt and found more power with every stroke.

The bed was literally shaking apart and the mattress was almost on the floor when he grunted again and pulled his cock out and shot his load all over my back. He got off me and stood back, almost admiring his work with a smile; the only thing I could do was try to recover from his pounding. After several minutes I began to move and he helped me to my feet. My knees were still week and he helped hold me up while rubbing his cum into my back saying it would keep my back from hurting. I laughed and he kissed me, continuing to rub my back.

He reached down lower and found my cock at half-mast and stroked it slowly asking why I wasn't hard. I didn't know, my cock had always been either rock hard or had cum already when I was fucked. I finally realized that I was more into getting fucked by this stud and I finally stopped thinking about myself and really enjoyed the fucking for a change. Luke wasted no time in getting me hard again and he jacked my cock off till I shot a huge load, smiling he said to warn him the next time, he loved facials and getting cum on his chest. I just agreed and smiled. 

As I dressed to leave he asked me how I felt and I told him great, but would be sore for a few days. He laughed again and asked when I would be back, I told him I didn't know, the holidays were coming up and family stuff would come first but assured him I would be back. 

That brings me to tonight, little over three months since Luke pounded me silly and I haven't seen him since. We traded a couple e-mails but no more, the timing sucked. Finally today on my way to work I called him, got his voice mail and left a message, 'wanting to talk', gave him my number and hoped. Got off work and had a reply, call me and we can 'talk'. Couldn't dial fast enough, but got voice mail immediately, so I knew his phone was off, but left a message and hoping that tomorrow night I can enjoy his cock and moves again. I will let you all know...

I hope you enjoyed this and I appreciate all feedback, even the anonymous ones. They are the true brave readers, unwilling to sign up for the site and unwilling to sign something they think. Hope you all appreciate sarcasm...haha 