 D, still breathing hard, "Not me, not right now....I'm too hot...Z?"

"I think need a pause too." I was still on my knees, cock kinda foamy with precum, hands on my head. D sat against the headboard; he hadn't released the pressure on the base of his cock yet. "Have Z give you a 'back rub,'" D made air quotes with one hand when he joked to J.

"No, actually J," I rested one hand on the small of his back, "I got this....I feel like I'm in a match, pumped and psyched, but still gotta get the take down....gawd I sound like a movie trailer..."

Dustin and J shook their heads; I moved closer to J's spread thighs, "tell me what you want, J..."

He turned and we were nose to nose, "I want to be fucked. Seeing you top D like that was confirmation of my desire....I prepped in the shower; I'm clean and good to go..." I heard crinkling and saw D tear open a condom with his teeth. J and I still knelt face to face just touching. D dropped a little lube on the head of my cock, swirled it down part of the shaft...a rising sense of confidence came as he pushed the condom down my shaft. 

"J, I think something you said to me makes sense again...I want to give you pleasure, see you getting pleasure..." I put one hand on his ass cheek and turned him slowly to kneel on the bed. His forearms cushioned his face for a second, "J, hey, look at me, man." 

He turned and looked at D for a moment; their faces almost touched, then he made eye contact. I glanced at his hole; it was pink and shiny. D lubed my wrapped dick. Then dripped more on his palm and held it for a sec, then gently greased J's creases. I leaned forward my hot fat head just pressing against his hole. We held eye contact as he opened and slowly pushed back almost to the hilt on my cock.

"Oh, damn Z! You're big. Really, that's bigger than anyone I've taken..." Neither of us moved. D leaned over and shared a few breaths with J. D held him by the back of the neck and rubbed the other hand down J's spine, ending by making a circle around my shaft. Then D was massaging J from shoulders to glutes soon kneeling next to J's torso.

D pushed deeper on J's lower back increasing the arch in his back. I felt the shift inside J. He gave a little 'ungh!" and D made the pressure deeper. I felt a quickening in my thighs. I wanted to hear him make that noise again. I rolled my hips a fraction, "ungh!" D and I smiled. D's hands pressured down and a little back towards my pube; I met them with a forward pressure, "ungh, ungh!" 

A sheen of light sweat formed on J's shoulders; D massaged that too. D hips were level with J's shoulders; J looked away from me a smiled at D. That put D's dick right in J's face. He gave it that quick, quirk of a smile. J pulled forward a fingers' width and slid back on my cock. He did that distance a couple of times. I added an inch on his next pull and put some of my weight on the push. 

A shiver ran thru J, "mmm, Z? Do that again?" 

I controlled the push and pull for a couple of strokes, then a longer pull and J inhaled deep. My push in finally got my pube flat to his tail bone. D whistled and we high fived over J's back

"Bastards. If I weren't impaled on an 8 inch cock I'd kick your asses..... "

D leaned over and kissed J, smiling the whole while. J tossed me a look and I felt another shift in his body. I pulled back, holding his glutes wide. I kept pulling until the ridge of my head felt grip inside of him. J was holding his breath. He took the entire length and arched fully, looked up at the ceiling, "yes."

I did that a couple more times each time he met me with more arch and pressure. Suddenly he rose off his elbows and managed to kiss me reaching behind my head to grab a handful of my hair. D moved to press his torso against J's and wrapped his arms around us and squeezed my ass. A shiver started in J's belly; it grew until his thighs were shaking almost in a rhythm to my heart beat.

D whispered, "He's gonna come." 

I could feel quakes on my shaft from the inside of J's ass. D and I were fluttering our lips on J's neck as we all three watched ourselves in the mirror. D began to match J's shivers with hard full wrapped squeezing hugs. I felt more sweat on my chest from J's back. I bit his neck; he pushed down and back on my cock, twice, three times. 

"Come for us J. Lets us take you there, buddy. Let this happen." I repeated that a few times in his ear. D shifted his weight added cock thrusts to their slick bellies. 

"Fuck. Fuck. Fuck." His breath was driven out of him. An almost painful grip surprised the base of my cock. J's ass started the orgasm....

D and I held J up and he came, his head back on my shoulder, his cock coating D's face and chest with streamers of come. Midway thru he folded forward, D folded back onto his elbows. J's thighs shook and flexed. He looked back at me, "fuck. Fuck me."

I raised my eyebrows; he pulled away sharp and jammed back against me. That was the opening I needed. I fucked him. He was able to ride out my flurry of thrusts his voice getting hoarse. He curled down and in one swift move, sucked D's cock to the hilt. That sight drove a grunt out of me. D began controlling the blow job. In the mirror I could see J's cock was still hard and dripping. I felt moans from him thru my hands on his hips.

I was burning in my thighs and hips form the effort of fucking. D was sweating and had J by the neck. J's moans changed pitch again higher. D said, "Make me come. I wanna shoot on your face, ok?

J managed a throaty, "uhuh," before D pulled out and shot in the same movement. He didn't get J's face right away: the first giant wad hit to one side of my navel. The rest were all over J's shoulder neck and forehead. J said, "Z, jack me...we can come together." 

I grabbed his dick in a reach around. D swung around and was behind me. His heat on my back was electric. When his still throbbing dick slid over my hole in a slippery hump thrust; I yelled and fell onto J's back as I lost it and came, just as J did. I had a huge load on my hand from J's second orgasm. I couldn't manage to lift myself off his back; we collapsed all three in a pile. 

J squirmed and got my cock out of his ass. D got the condom off me and wiped his money shot off J. The three of us dropped into heavy breathing and awkward three way kisses. 

D and I were still hard after we regained composure. I was unprepared when J slid a condom over D's dick and in a swift graceful move sat down full on it. They rocked together; I cannot forget the looks they gave each other. When D took over the motion, J braced his hands on the headboard, "stand up Z, gimme your cock to suck." I had been teasing myself, but jumped up leaned against the wall and had my first blow job from J. 

D kept a steady fuck going, jacking J and occasionally chewing his nipples and neck. J was pushing me really close, as they didn't seem close; I backed off for a sec. D said, "Turn around Z. J rim him." 

J bit my cheek as he pinned me to the wall. D's up thrusts were transmitted thru J's hands as vibrations that shook my cheeks. When his tongue drilled my asshole all three of us grunted in unison. I found myself pushing back, my knees bending to get his tongue in my ass. D said, "Gimme that ass Z, get down here." I tuned around, J swallowed my cock while D made a hard wet little dick out of his tongue for me to ride. 

J came first this time. I think it was him spraying up onto D's face and my ass that set me off, I came everywhere, thin splatters were all over my body and D and J's faces. D ripped off the condom and added his milky gobs to J's stomach and thighs. 

J kissed me as I wiped his face of my load. I couldn't even sit up for a long while. J pecked D on the lips and went to the bathroom. He stopped in the kitchen and brought back juices and warm wet cloths. He caringly swabbed all our bodies. D and I were taking up most of the bed. J smacked my ass and grabbed me into spooning. D rolled off the bed and went to the living room.

He came back with his cell, "setting an alarm now, for 8. I've got a long shift doing data entry at the Rec Center tomorrow..." he frowned and shrugged. He lay down just in front of me facing me and J. Nothing was said for a bit and no one moved. J was semi hard between my cheeks and thighs. I felt I could get hard again too. I looked at D's cock, it was moving a bit. I laughed and nestled against J, "round three?"

D slid forward to crush me between them. D and J grabbed each other by the hips and asses and began dry humping me front and back. Their cocks met and slid heads under my balls. I squeezed my thighs together; and fucked D's abs' ridges. J slid one finger in my ass and ground against my prostate; in the mirror I could see J's other fingertip teasing around and in D's ass. I let my hand trail back D's forearm, he had two fingers in J. 

Rocking and probing together, grunts and sweat built. D pushed a second finger tip into me. I couldn't breathe.....they moved in different rhythms, someone always pressing my button.....my ass was hot and felt...wet...from the inside. J thrust his tongue in my mouth, D pushed his into me too....I shook all over....I couldn't thrust back on their fingers hard enough......my ass came for a long moment before my cock exploded. This was thicker whiter come than ever before....D was right there too and then my ball sack, ass and their hands were flooded with their sticky loads.

I'm not sure who, but felt a towel wiped us clean. The towel felt a little rough on my hole. I couldn't yet open my eyes, not tired, just blissed out. I pulled their faces to mine as soon as I looked at them and welcomed their juicy tongues onto mine...that kiss caused after shocks!

We fell asleep.