 A text from Brett, "hahaha. Worst nightmare: I went to the wrong Frat and couldn't say your last name. Meet me outside?" 

I groaned and showed D the text who was confused, "He stammers really badly" D gave the 'oh no' face and we went outside. I looked up and down the block but didn't spot his copper hair. D said, "That him?" Across the street with a cap and hoodie on was Brett: I called his name and waved. 

He was a bundle of fleece covered nerves. I gripped his bicep after the usual, 'bro hug.' "Dustin, this is Brett." Dustin rough hugged him too. Brett got out a mumbled, "Hey." D said, "Good to meet you, off to Skype the gal pal." Brett's eyes tracked him as he walked away. 

"Sorry I didn't give you the house address, my bad, c'mon inside." He had his hands in is fleece pockets, almost on his toes swaying a bit. His ear buds dangled down his front. He hadn't stepped towards the house and looked up at it with fear.

"N-n-n-not t-t-too many g-g-guys a-a-a-ro-ro-round, k?" He didn't look at me but was looking at the house like he was tracing exit routes. 

"Nope most guys are out after the house meeting and my floor is usually empty. We can go right to my room if ya want."

He nodded and braced himself. Fortunately we met no one. Voices were raised in the grand room and on the first floor back wing, but that was it. "Nice nice h-h-house." Was what he said as we passed the fourth floor landing. Cory's door was closed next to my room. I stopped and pointed out a tour. "Bathrooms here." Just to the right of the landing. "M's room, Mike. We've got four Mikes. This one is 'M" he spends most of his time at his girl's, rarely in the house longer than a few hours. This room is my friend Carl's. He's away for a conference until Tuesday. Great guy. This one is Elliot's. Don't really know him, he's a senior and basically lives with his girl too; I think they're getting married soon. Next to me is Cory. He's real quiet, rugby player, seems to almost never leave his room. He works all the time on finishing double major. Here's me..."

I realized I was being chatty. I leaned on the door frame and couldn't see his eyes under the cap rim. "B-b-ba-ba-bathroom." And he was gone. I stood there arms straight hands in pockets. He had at least opened his fleece when he came back. He poked his head around the door, "b-b-big-big-bigger than than I-I-I thought..."

"Hey, Brett, would you rather go and do something...I don't want you to be uncomfortable....what do you need, buddy?"

"A-a-a l-l-lit-little ti-ti-time to un-un—unwi-unwind. Th-th-th-th-at w-w-wa-was bad." His stammer was pretty drawn out. He still hadn't unhunched himself. 

"C'mon in....did you see coach's email about practices? We get into the small gym starting tomorrow! No more open gym, and I hear they've redone the old locker room so it's attached to the wrestling room and only team members and athletic majors have access."

He leaned against my desk as I sat in my chair. He did set his bag on the floor. "Y-y-yeah, s-s-s-saw it last w-w-week. I work f-f-for co-co-coach."

"Nice! I just got the email about switching lockers today; I'll do it tomorrow when I'm on campus." 

"C-c-c-cool," he took off his fleece. He had on only a tight white T-shirt. Like me he was showing nipples and abs. He glanced at the door a couple of times. He was wearing thick dark jeans and a sturdy belt. "C-c-c-can we-we-we close-close the door? I-i-i-wi-wish we were at-at the s-s-s-stu-studio."

"Familiar territory and all that?" I nodded and he closed the door. His shoulders went down a bit. "Just talk to me, tell me what's what, ok?" I put on that Moby album from the other day; that got a tight smile. 

"C-c-c-an w-w-we do yo-yo yoga h-h-here?"

"Hell yeah!" I stood and put the chair on my desk and moved his bag to my bed and reached for my mat under my bed. He took off his ear buds finally and kicked off his running shoes. 

"M-m-may I?" pointing to my laptop. I thought he was gonna change music, but he logged on to a yoga website and chose a practice. "G-g-g-good s-s-s-stuff."

"Change into gear here? Or do you want..."

"Not-not-not th-that shy, not th-th-that w-w-aay...." He popped off his belt and jeans, he was wearing black yoga shorts under his jeans, and he peeled off his socks and unrolled a fabric yoga mat from his backpack. I could see he was free balling this time under his yoga shorts. He looked at me still in my jeans and polo, "Or are-are-are- y-y-you th-th-that sh-sh-shy?"

I dropped trou right there; my cock released so suddenly it made a small slap on my thigh, stood digging thru my dresser in my polo and bare ass. I remembered my yoga shorts were in the drier. Without a blink I opened the door and walked across the hall to the laundry closet. Brett's fish face was classic. I pulled out my gear from the laundry. Took off my polo and said, "I gotta piss first." My strut felt so good. He was watching me the whole way, his head leaning out my door.

I piled my laundry under one arm and holding my lengthening cock in the other closed the door. I put the shorts on and said, "Shy, what's that?"

He shook his head and touched his brow in salute. Our mats were side by side, it was a tight fit; we'd have to alternate directions a lot to do poses, but it'd work. He saw my space heater and turned it on. Without a word he started streaming the yoga practice. With a few bumps and laughs, once knocking each other totally off balance, we got thru the 75 minute session. 

It was one of the memorable sessions of my life. I felt every nuance of every pose. We didn't really speak at all. I felt horny; but I was feeling I think nearly every other emotion and sensation too. Looking back at it the combination of sexiness, friendliness, the comfort of home, my rising confidence and openness added to the intensity. Brett's face was shining like mine. He took a deep breath; we were laying head to toe, "The. Best. Ever," those three words were slow and spaced apart. 

I lifted my head to make eye contact, "Me too." He sat up and drank deeply from his water bottle, handing it to me when I weakly gestured for mine across the room. I sat up too. We were now facing opposite directions but really kinda knee to knee. I handed him back the bottle. "Come shower with me?" I felt sticky from the exertion and the muggy heat in the small room....

He flipped his hair back...."Shower. Come. With. Me?" the play on words was worth the wait of him spacing out the sentence. The emphasis on the second word had us snickering. He pushed down on my knees to stand up and held a hand for me. We bumped full body as I stood. I smirked and hooked my thumbs in his waist band pantsing him in a flash. I kicked my shorts off as I dashed out the door. Fresh folded towels were on top of the drier, I grabbed two. 

He was right behind me, skidded into me on the shower floor. The steamy room was more of a vertical wrestling match as we grappled and laughed quietly. We didn't get too involved but both of us showed big boners and every part of my body felt his tickle or grope. I got some handfuls too. When we stopped playing and the humping got serious, I pulled away and said, "My room..." He nodded. 

I didn't dry off there, leaving wet footprints and water spots on the hall carpet. I toweled my hair in my room. He shut the door behind us. "When do you have to leave?" I hadn't asked what his schedule was, figured he tell me when he was due home. Our 'curfew' is 10 pm, but really if guests aren't in common areas no one cares. 

"I-I don't h-have a curfew, b-but you do, r-right?"

"Well no minors in upstairs in private areas and no guests in living areas after 10 pm curfew...."

"D-d-doors' cl-closed, huh?" He grinned and flipped that damn hair again. 

"YUP." I handed him some of my running shorts and put a pair on too, "We should get supplies from down stairs, I usually snack about this time." He put on my shorts but had them riding pretty high on his hips; before I put mine on I adjusted him, lowering the waist until his sexy hip channels were the focus of his abs. I gave him a sleeveless T that was too short in the torso to cover the gap; then dressed just as showy. 

"D-d-dun-dunno dude..." 

"You wear less in a match, a singlet and jock are just as showy....step up man." And I opened the door and gestured for him to precede me. The blush was visible on his shoulder blades too. Surprisingly we only ran into one guy, Chet who had his nose buried in a text book. In the kitchen I pointed out his reflection in the hall's giant mirror. I caught him glancing back a couple of times. We strolled back upstairs a flight, he asked about the back wing. I gave him a tour and thought I heard muffled grunts in Isaac's room. I explained what I thought was going down; I swear his blush was clear down to his pubes. 

On the fourth floor landing I lifted my shirt off and stood there hands full of snacks and juice. Brett needed no urging, took of his shirt too. By the time we climbed to the fifth floor I had my shorts off....Brett held my butt cheek for a long moment then dropped his shorts off too. The hard-ons from the shower sprung alive between us and we groped and grappled in the hall. 

I closed the door and I think for the first time ever turned the bolt on instinct for Brett's sake. He leaned against me on the door and sighed in my neck. "Do you want to stay the night?"

"I sh-shoulda ask-asked. I didn't didn't plan on g-going home." 

"Hot!"

I managed to get my hands emptied and kept him close to me against the wall, "Tell me what you want..."

"I-I-I w-w-ant to em-em-empty our b-b-balls a-anyway possible" this was said in my ear. 

"Look at me and say that."

He repeated it steady and clear. "I'm usually good for three loads....You?"

"D-dunno. Nev-never had the chance."

I flopped back on my bed....arms over head. Legs bent just a bit...."Well....get to it....but you got tell me what you want to do..." 

"Lets wre-wre-wreslte, and-and not stop t-t-t-til we c-c-come?" There was a real hitch in his voice that told me that was very hard for him to ask....I nodded.

He bent and pushed our yoga mats together making an arena for us. He knelt on the mat. I rolled off my bed and turned my ass towards him got on my hands and knees. He scooted up to press his face into my shoulder blades. I spun around and had him pinned in a flash. I know I caught him off guard. He frowned and took the bottom starting position this time. I set my hand on his tailbone. I nestled my thighs against his and when I folded my face to his shoulder blades, my warm cock was right between his cheeks. This was a fair start and we quickly got sweaty.

Singlets do help your grip we discovered....it became laughable as we were so slippery from sweat that neither could manage a hold. I slid once and bonked my head on his knee hard enough to yelp. We laughed ending up lying chest to chest. I looked up and saw my lotion from me and Isaac's after shower edge. I hooked it with my foot. It thumped next to me; Brett didn't really see what it was. I plopped a giant gob on his abs, "fuck this, if we're gonna be slippery..."

I sat up and laughing used my ass and balls sack to spread the lotion all over him from thighs to navel. He just spread eagled and met my ass with thrusts upward, sideward, any ways....I tipped forward and before I thought about it sucked his lips into my mouth. That was his 'on switch," I found myself spread eagle face down his hands gripping my ass harshly, his cock suddenly under my body sliding up my ball sack giving my cock strokes...he leaned down and said, "Do. That. Again."

I craned my neck sideways and sucked his lips harder into my mouth, a whining moan and he pumped my cock with his from behind....faster and faster. I broke the kiss, "wait, that's too hard on my neck"...I flipped under him,, wrapped my legs around his thighs, that put his cock under me, sliding over my hole and caught between my cheeks and the mats...I wrapped my arms around him, growled, "Fuck me like this until you come.....it gets me hot enough I may shoot too..." I got his lips in my grip and he was off....he moved enough that sometimes his cock was thrusting at my tailbone, sometimes alongside my own oozing cock. 

I found I could clench my abs and create more friction and tension between us....we were close. I'd had my hands up on his arms or shoulders. On instinct and to pull him tighter to me I grabbed his squared off thighs at the butt crease. "YES" he tightened above me and got into short pushes on top of my cock. I didn't need to be told twice. My middle finger did those magic circles on his hole. He put his mouth in mine; I bit and sucked his lips......

I had an animal between my legs....if he'd had his mouth free from mine I think he would have thrown his head back and howled....as it was he couldn't. But his ass did open around my finger. I hit his prostate hard and deep. He gasped and looked at our slick cocks....his load hit him twice in the mouth, he angled differently and came on my hole....the heat was amazing and I shot on his face too, three good wads....

"Yes. yes yes yes...." He wasn't stuttering just saying it. He did that hair flip, still stuck to me with my legs around him, my finger in his ass, "Zach. Zach. God. Thank you so much."

We had spasms in unison for a moment. I started to pull my finger out, his hand shot back there and pushed it deeper. "No. Fuck me please. My my c-cock will s-st-stay hard...." I unwound my arms and legs, keeping his hot button under pressure. He crept to lean his chest on my bed his ass right in front of me, "I-I d-d-don't get ass-ass-ass play ever at home. You can m-m-make m-m-me come..." 

I knelt beside him and added some lube to my hand. Not sure what I was doing I began wiggling against his button. He met me with backward pushes and sighs. I added a second finger and a third easily. He flipped over on to his back, feet on the edge of the bed. I remembered how hard J came on my cock the other night. I wanted to be inside of Brett....

He made tiny movements around my three fingers; was oozing a drop of clear precum and kept looking at my face behind his cock as I knelt below him. He smeared his drops of precum in his still messy cock...."I-I love c-c-coming l-l-like this. I've o-o-on-only done i-i-it in the sh-sh-shower at the the s-s-studio"

"So you've never had anyone else play with you like this?"

He bit his lip and shook his head, ending by that damn cute hair flip. I was torn between giving him what he wanted, was used to, and the urge to fuck, to fuck him, to see him come like J did....he was moving in little circles, I only wriggled my fingers. It was his ride. 

I kissed his big balls. "B? Can I try something?"

He nodded. I saw my grin in my mirror, my cock got more rigid. I slid my fingers out gently and just rubbed his balls and ass. I silently got a condom on....and made little circles on his hole with the swelling head of my cock. His eyes rolled. He seemed to hold his breath. "Zach. Be. My. First. Fuckme Fuckme..."

Just a little pressure and most of the head was in the outer walls....he broke a sweat. I gripped his hips afraid he would push too far too fast. J was experienced and he had difficulty with my size. I backed and pushed, backed and pushed but got no deeper. He was really into it so I kept it up. I dipped my head and wrapped my lips around the head of his cock.

He gulped air. His ass eased open; the whole head was inside of him. I bobbed down on his cock, my watering mouth alive with his taste. I slid in another rim of muscle inside. He made that 'ungh' J had made. I couldn't really take any more of the bend in my neck to get at his cock, but I wanted to....the combination of being inside and having him inside made me dizzy.

He pushed down with his ass and gasped pain on his face. I didn't move, then he did it again and I slid half way up his ass.....I scraped his hot knob on the pull back, the eye roll and "ungh, ungh, ungh!" told me his ass was alive with pleasure...."hold still," he put a hand on my chest. He stroked the full length of his cock a few times. My thighs were fighting me. I wanted to pound him into an orgasm. 

He pulled my mouth over the head of his cock; the sharp taste of fresh precum sent a clench into my abs. I poked him hard and he grabbed the edge of the bed, "again" and I backed and poked just that way again. We found our fuck. He couldn't take all my length but we got it....

He became immobile, juts one hard clenching muscle. I found I could go down on him, pulling out, pushing in I almost let his head out of my mouth. The feel of slippery precum on my lips and tongue, the building friction on my dick of his muscle butt; I was gonna come too..."z-z-z-Zach!!" 

His legs went higher to his chest, he caught my hair in his hands sweat plastered his hair to his face. I felt the swell on his cock just in time to grip it at the base and close my lips. He shot hard, harder. His ass pushed my cock out. His fingernails dug into my shoulder. I jammed two fingers back into him ass, he bounced all over on his back, turning on the bed. I jumped with him; was now kneeling between his legs on the bed. I got my cock back inside him in a grunt from me. 

He clawed my ass cheeks and got one leg up the wall. I rabbit fucked him, short strokes but enough to scrape his button and get my knob squeezed. He was trying to say something, "o—n-n—" but my fuck was keep his breath away, "on-on m-m-my face!!"

That did it I was kneeling over his chest tearing the condom in half to get it off....I aimed and got his forehead, sticking more of his copper bangs to his face. I dumped a load all over his forehead, cheek and jaw. I fell on top of him. There wasn't a dry spot on him, with our come and sweat way too much lotion.

Brett lifted one arm to wipe his face, the sound of his forearm detaching in a suction sound from my belly sent us giggling. When I opened the door, it was dark in the hall; we padded down to the showers. Scrubbed clean I rinsed with mouthwash. Brett went into one of the toilets and took some time. I went to my room. I heard the shower again briefly then Brett appeared at the door, deeply blushed, "You alright?"

He nodded and closed the door, "y-y-yeah. Just just had t-t-to go." I didn't know what to say, "s-s-s'all good, r-r-re-really." He smiled and swigged some juice. My belly rumbled. I snagged some fruit and yogurt; the first bite of yogurt was wrong: I was too minty from mouthwash. Brett chuckled. I tossed an apple at him on the other end of the bed; he caught it in one hand and crunched it.

We snacked in silence. I wondered where my phone was, craned up and saw it on my dresser. It was blinking with messages. I stood and said, "Ya mind?" and waved my phone at him. He shook his head. Two texts from study group, nothing to worry about now. Isaac texted, "7? Yoga, your room?" I looked at Brett who was lost in thought, I texted back, "hell yeah!" I sat next to him.

"Glad you're crashing here, what's your day like tomorrow?"

"R-r-real full, full; I-I-I gotta be up, up, up at s-s-six t-t-to op-op-open stu-studio. Work f-f—for-for co-coach t-til e-e-e-leven. R-r—run with yy-y-you, c-c-class all aft-aft-afternoon. C-c-clean stu-stu-studio. C-c-c-ouples couples counseling w-w-with Qui-qui-qui-Quinn. Home, th-th-then homew-w-wo-work," he blew out a sigh, "You?"

I beamed at him a sec, "I think you just tripled the total of all the things you've said to me...." I pushed him on the hip, he looked hurt for a sec but when he looked at me; he goofy smiled back, "I got yoga here with Isaac at 7, then house business for a bit, class til we meet to run. Hopefully hang over lunch with J, maybe D. Then class all afternoon. I'll take a break to workout before dinner. Homework before bed, but I may flip workout and study time. Oh yeah gotta update locker and stuff when we run. Practice starts Tuesday, right?"
