 I stood at J's door. I knocked, heard him move inside. The door opened and his head popped around the edge, "C'mon in, man."

 I stood in the hall watched him walk away. He was wearing only a pair of red soccer shorts, the waist was rolled down a couple of turns so that the tops of his ass cheeks were rising and falling in plain sight. I followed him into the living room, not knowing what to expect. His laptop was open on the table before the couch. He turned and looked right into me. "She'll be online soon, we're skyping to introduce you two. You look good, commando!"

 I laughed as I set my bag down. "Where is she?"

 "Minneapolis. She's a flight attendant trainer; she'll here in town in a week or so. Those sweats are great...." He raised his arms away from his sides, "got anything like this with you? We gotta sell the whole package!"

 I had my running shorts which unlike his soccer shorts had a lining. With the waist rolled down to the point where the base of his dick was just visible and with the thinness of the shorts his cock and balls were perfectly supported and outlined. The shorts were snug enough to show off his powerful thighs too. I held up my running shorts by their lining. "I got these...but..."

 He held out his hand, "are you really attached to these?"

 "No I've got several others like them."

 J got a pair of scissors and snipped out the lining. I pulled my sweats down. I'd warmed up coming inside, my balls swung and my cock began to fill beat by beat. I pulled the shorts on. J stepped over, just as his laptop pinged. He turned down the waist on my shorts too, and turned my shoulder to where we both were facing a mirror in the hall. Yup two cocks on show! The laptop pinged again. We scrambled to sit down on the couch in front of it. J slumped back on the couch, I did so too. After a second a beautiful face smiled up at us, "hey J. Is this your boy, Z?" Her voice was low and slick. I got a chill, a premonition like heading up a roller coaster.

"Yup, Jess this is Z, Zach. Z this is Jess." 

 "Hey, nice to meet you." She was just a head, smiling, hot, but seemed cramped. "Where are you?"

 "Great to see you finally, J has been teasing me about a photo you sent him. He wouldn't show me without your permission. I'm in the employee's lounge in Minneapolis. I load up in 10 minutes. J you were right...he has an 8 pack, doesn't he?"

 I laughed and rubbed my hand down from my pecs to my pube counting the pairs of abs. "J's been telling you about me?"

 J waved and put his hand on the back of the couch over my head, "We've got less than ten minutes. Jess are you with me, do you think Z is hot too?"

 Jess grinned in a way that sent another thrill down my spine, "J we always play direct. Z, can you play direct?"

 J turned and held my eye, "I'm not sure what all that means but I think you're hot and am willing to explore with you....and J."

 "J, yes I think he's hot, I'm feeling it sitting here right now, damn you. I'm getting the signal to leave. J you have my permission to show off our collection. Z, please send me this damn pic that J has been going on about all day. Also, Z, learn about us from J. we'll have a much better time if you trust him....damn I have to sign off now!" the screen went blank.

 I was dazed, like I'd just got off the roller coaster. J chuckled to himself, "I thought we'd have more time today...maybe show her more of the goods!" He patted my abs playfully. "Well, you heard the lady; can I send her your pic?"

 Not sure what I was getting myself into, and not really caring, "yeah, for the lady's curiosity, send her the copy I sent you." 

 He grabbed his phone and opened the pic. Seeing my flushed face, sweaty abs and hard cock on his phone was exciting. He sent the text, "My boy Z!" He then said, "And for fairness sakes, here's hers!" He then tapped a few keys on the laptop, and Jess' photo came up: lying on her back, one arm raised, legs partly spread; she was a goddess. 

 "Daaamn." was all I could say. I sat and stared taking it all in. J's phone beeped a text from Jess, "YESSSS!!"

 J sent a winking emoticon which bounced back as she had turned off her phone probably to board the plane. 

 I was suddenly aware that I was sitting on a couch, cock almost exposed, next to a stud in the same position, thinking about, planning a three way! The rush I'd felt at times today rolled over me, head to toe, toes to nose. There was noise at the door, someone came in. J said, "We're cool as is, stay in this moment."

 Two of the guys from swim team who were at dinner last night rolled in. My instinctual look took them in: both were free-balling in sweats and T-shirts. Neither batted an eye at the two of us sprawled slutty on the couch. They draped themselves in comfy positions in two chairs and we chatted about dinner. We decided on Chinese takeout. I felt a couple of times like I was naked; loved just being chill with the guys. 

 The food came after a long wait, when J sat forward to get his share, his shorts slipped further down his thighs, before he sat back I got a full view of him bare ass from behind. When he sat back the length of his cock was outside his shorts. Caleb jokingly picked at it with his chopsticks. J tugged his shorts back over it but not before giving it a couple of pulls. I got up to get one of the drinks and my shorts slipped below my cock and balls. I stood there just sipping soda, no one minding that I was flashing them. When I sat back down, J murmured around a mouth full of rice, "Nice show, buddy!"

 Dustin and Caleb were eating fast. Dustin leaned back and burped, "I hate coach's new schedule. We've got to mind the freshmen in the dorm until 11 tonight." He reached into his sweats and scratched his balls, taking a long time at it. "So we should get going." Caleb got up walked to the bathroom, pissed leaving the door wide open, he came out with his cock still in hand, "What're you two up, J?" 

  J was lying back on the couch legs wide, his whole package barely contained in his shorts. His arms were thrown over his head, "I dunno. Z and I haven't talked about it; he got here just before you two clowns." 

 Dustin stood and dropped some cash for dinner on the table, "If ya get bored come over to the dorms. We'll be in the 5th floor lobby..." Caleb piped up, "Playing Skyrim and not harassing freshmen." He frowned.

 J laughed, "We just might do that. And as your team co-captain, I need to remind you: don't harass the freshmen!" I guess they were telling an inside joke, because they all chuckled. J stood up, his ass and thighs flexing. He grabbed them both around the neck. They both folded against him. Caleb's hand rested just above then squeezed J's butt cheek for a sec. I stood up too, wanting in on the attention. I gripped Dustin's bicep and we pulled into a half hug. Caleb stumbled a bit and we were full body pressed in a hug, my cock flopped out onto his thigh, he looked down and smiled the same sideways smirk that J has. They left. J was picking up to go boxes and wrappers. I helped. 

 "What do you want to do tonight?" J said from behind his laptop as he put on music. 

  "Haven't thought about it, so far you've been the boss." As soon as I said it I knew what had been moving me all day: I had opened to not being in control of my time, not being in control of my self since I stayed and watched them fuck last night and edging on the phone. I said that too.

 J said, "OK. You said you normally shave on Fridays and missed earlier to meet Jess, right?"

 "Yeah. It's only been a day but I wasn't too thorough a couple of times this week. I did a half assed job full body shave yesterday in the locker room but usually don't do the details there." I ran my hand over my chest, stubble. My pits needed work too. I felt the blue ball ache in my ass again. 

 J pushed down his shorts, "lets shower and shave." He turned without looking and went into the bathroom. 

 I followed him my shorts still on. He leaned into the shower turned on the spray. He got cream and razors from the cupboard and got in the shower. "Get in here."

 I blushed again; my eyes took in his back and amazing ass. I took off my shorts and stepped into the shower. 

J said, "Here's everything you need. Shave your self silly. Take your time, there's no rush." He then took a tube of shave cream and smeared one of his arms, paying close attention to every pass of the razor. I followed suit. We didn't talk for a time. When he got to his abs and pubes, my cock woke up. By the time he had lathered his pubes and balls I was rock hard, "happens every time I shave," I giggled. 

 J said, "No worries, we're cool, just stay in the moment." As he passed the razor under his balls he got hard. I realized how huge his cock was at that point. I finished, rinsed and touched up my thighs. J was taking extra time on his. More than once he was just jacking his cock. I lathered my lower back; I have a small patch above my tailbone. 

 J asked, "Let me do that?" my back was already to him so I just nodded. He spread the lather a bit better and in a few swipes had the stubble gone. He rinsed my back. 

 The only thing left on our bodies was our cheeks and asses. J squeezed lather into his hand, "Answer honestly: do you want me to finish the job?"

 I looked over my shoulder at him. I was thrumming from inside out. "Yeah, but can I do yours first?"

 He looked surprised, "Sure. Ha, keep me on my toes, I like that!"

 I took the lather off his hand and he turned his back to me putting one foot up on the edge of the tub. I carefully spread lather on both his cheeks; felt a few stubbly spots there. I leaned over a tad to swipe the razor around the curve of his glutes. There wasn't much stubble on his cheeks. I rinsed him off, running both hands over his glutes; he was turned back looking over his shoulder at me. He lifted his leg higher on the edge of the tub and arched his ass out. My balls were full and my cock was pulsing slightly. I knelt down and put lather behind his balls and right onto his ass. There were a few hairs and stubble under my thumb. J slid one hand under his balls and lifted them for me. I did a couple of passes behind his balls. He took his cock in his other hand and rotated the head under his thumb. His thighs went firm. I gently scraped his ass free of the few hairs. As I rinsed him and felt him closely, a grunt from J punctuated each smooth pass I made running from his balls to his ass. He turned around and said, "Check the rest of me for stubble." His cock swung right in front of my face as I knelt in the shower. 

  I ran my hands over his legs, thighs and butt, no hair. I did his chest and pits, he needed a razor pass on his right arm pit. I ran my hands down his pecs and abs. Standing toe to toe, our cocks bumping our bodies; I checked his pubes and balls again. There were a couple of stubbly spots on the base of his cock. I lathered him up and got them. As I rinsed him I kept stroking his cock; he took mine in hand and for a couple minutes we just jacked each other. He said, "Your turn," when my breathing got jumpy. He turned me around and I lifted my leg onto the tub's rim. 

He knelt like I had and applied lather to behind my balls. When he passed over my ass with his fingers, my whole body flexed, arched, like a cat. Wide eyed I looked over my shoulder at him. His sideways smile and wink settled me down. As he shaved behind my balls the weighty ache of blue balls got hot and heavy to where it felt my knees were gonna give out. His thumb did a couple of circles around my hole. I grunted and lost my breath. He did a couple of quick swipes and rinsed me clean. He kept running his hands over my lower back, cheeks and ass. He reached under me and pulled my cock and balls faster and faster. I got lost. When his thumb zeroed in on my hole and did those little circles, I jerked on my toes. He stopped.

 I turned around ready for anything, ready to shoot. I caught his smile. He grabbed me into a bear hug and for a long moment just held me still. I tried to hump against him; he shushed me in my ear. His cock was almost on my chest, mine was pressed against his thigh, bumping up to his belly button. I caught my breath. I don't remember him turning off the water, but started to shiver a bit. We dried off. I was almost bow legged with ache in my balls and ass. He led us into his bedroom. 

 To my surprise we lay and talked for almost two hours, not touching ourselves or each other. In that time he asked me to detail all my sexual experience; he did the same. He also explained how he makes agreements about sex. How he is 100% bisexual. He told me how he and Jess and D play together and what I could expect. I told him I liked him being in control and would live up to any agreements we made. At the end he kissed me for he first time. Just a kiss but it was real and meant something.

 I was deeply relaxed. It was just about 8:30. J got up to piss. When he came back he said, "Lay back," and reached for a bottle of almond oil, "it's important to moisturize!" His silly grin and fake TV announcer voice cracked me up. He gently rubbed oil into my chest and abs, then my legs and arms. "Flip over." He deeply massaged my shoulders and back. The best part is when he got to my glutes he didn't hesitate but openly included my ass and balls. I got hard quickly and was squirming under his hands. He was kneeling between my legs. He put both of his hands up under my thighs and lifted my ass into the air. I blushed; it seemed to travel up my face then over and down my back to add to the heat in my groin. He pulled my cock back and with extra oil covered every inch of my pubes, cock, balls and hole. He stroked me; he brought me hard up to the edge of coming again. With a laugh he lay back on his bed and said, "Now do me."

 He was leaning back on his elbows, legs spread bent at the knees. His cock lay straight up to his navel. I lightly oiled his chest, shoulders and arms. Got his thighs and calves where he sat. He stretched forward onto his belly. As I moved between his spread legs, I saw the top of his cock pointing out from under his right hip. I retuned the favor and actually gave him a shoulder and back massage. My cock bumped and rubbed against his thighs and butt cheeks a lot. I left a warm trail of precum on his thigh when I reached over for more oil. 

 J drew his knees up and wide so his ass was up, his cock hard and swinging free under him. "Play with me dude," was all he said. I got his cock in one hand and his balls in the other, found a rhythm of tugging his cock and rolling his balls. I put my thumb on his hole and he looked me in the eye, I made the little circles like he did on mine. He moaned and bit his lip.

 J flipped over, resting on his elbows, I was sitting on my knees cock dripping on the sheets. He moved so I was right between his legs. He sat forward, holding my chin in one hand he said, "I want you to make me come. Then I'll make you come, ok? Hands only and do what I say. I'll take your directions when it's your turn. You gotta tell me though what you want, alright?" 

 I nodded and said, "Alright. What do you want me to do for you?"

 "Jack me like you were, two hands, roll my balls like that, thumb my ass a little....for now...."

  I poured a good drop of oil on my hands and stroked down his cock with both hands, got his balls up in my left hand and slipped my thumb in circles on his hole. His deep sigh told me I'd started off good. After a couple of minutes he took my chin again, "Look at me, see me getting pleasure. Don't go away," that made my guts shake a bit. It sounded scary. But he held my eye and I could see him smile and his eyes take me in. I held his look the rest of the time. He started to hip thrust into my right fist, grunting a bit whenever my palm slid over the head of his cock. He rose up from his elbows to his hands curled his feet under him knees bent, his biceps flexed and swelled with the effort of hip fucking my fist.

  He dropped some more oil on my left hand, "Let you finger slide in my ass a little, just the tip..." that quirky smile again. I shifted my grip on his balls and my middle finger easily found itself just inside his ass. His voice dropped deeper in his next moan. He began to fuck my fist with his cock and ride my finger tip. The whole time I felt his gaze holding me close. We started to sweat a little. J was making noise, grunt and moan, thrusting brought gasping breaths. My arm was getting a work out. He pushed down deeper on my finger. I felt a hot hard spot in there, "oh yeah, there it is..." J's gasp got deeper still, "more lube in there, spit on your fingers." I dropped a wet spit on my middle finger. On three deep fuck thrusts, three deep 'uhs' from J's chest then, "two finger tips, now!" I let another finger angle in to his hot hole. "Curl your tips up a bit...yesss!" He seemed to stop breathing and flew into a rapid up and down. "You're gonna make me come....ffuuuuccckkk!" He growled and came.

 Looking him in the eye I saw it all: the rolling clench of muscles that led to the first huge come shot that landed on his left cheek and collar bones, the second big one that flew past my ear and landed with a hot splat on my right shoulder blade. The third, fourth and fifth that covered my right pec, forearm and thigh, and his left thigh. He kept thrusting fuck my fist and riding my fingers. A long hard clench and he pushed my hand off his cock; my fingers felt heat surrounding them in his hole. He grabbed me by the back of the neck and hot and sloppy kissed me. He was shaking and flexing in after throes.

 He swept up the oil in one hand and keeping a hold of the back of my neck foreheads touching grinned, "I'm sooo gonna make you come, Z!!"

 He pushed me pack onto my elbows. He poured oil all over my abs so it dripped down, "You gotta tell me what you want."

 "Make me come, dude. I'm close right now. Grab my cock; let me fuck your grip...." As soon as he did a thick stream of precum covered the back of his hand. He wiped it onto his other fingers swirling this on my hole, the slickest I ever felt there. I'd never asked for this, I'd played with my own ass a bit, it felt good, but I didn't know what I was doing. I asked: "please make me come just like I did you, fist my cock, and finger my ass." My ears burned and for a sec I closed my eyes, but opened them right away. I looked at him. The challenge in his eyes drove me to try and open my gaze like he had. I must have succeeded because he leaned over touched foreheads and said, "There you are buddy."

  I was thrusting up into his fist, sweat was dripping down my back off my hair and I pushed myself up off my elbows into a better fuck thrust position. His finger found the hard button in my ass. Another thick precum oozed onto his hand, which he worked back into the head of my cock. I became a growler. I could feel his second finger touching my hole on the down push, "two fingers... please. I want this..." He was inside of me. He was radiating heat between my legs; his cock hadn't gone soft. I rode faster and faster. 

 J said, "Make noise, come for me, make a show, like everyone you're hot for, like everyone who's noticed you, is watching you right now...come for me stud...."

 I came. Everywhere. I mean everywhere. We both had some in our hair. J slid up my body his fingers still in my ass which twitched and felt hotter than ever. He lay on top of me; I spasmed under him again and again. When his finger came out; I came again a little, and leaned up and drew him into a kiss that we explored while he began to rock on top of me, drawing out the aftershocks.

  Finally we were both still. He grabbed a towel from his nightstand and mopped us up. "I want you to stay the night, ok?" It wasn't too late but I was ready to do nothing. 
