 Just before I got there it dumped; a shower caught me and drenched me. I tried shaking out my hair and wiping my face with my hoodie. I heard some one laughing. "Hey! Victoria, got a towel back there?" I'd fucked her during my freshman post break up slutty spree and we were still friendly. I couldn't remember if she was single. She worked as a barista in the market. I only saw her occasionally at the market. 

"You looked like a shampoo commercial...." She tossed me a clean bar towel over the coffee counter. "Got caught in that shower?" I nodded and groaned while I wiped my face and ruffed my hair. She was making coffees but sideways eyed me while I dried off. I woke up.

I set my cell on the counter and dried my upper chest a bit. I put the towel on top of my cell, "Thanks. Great to see you! Gotta run." I was being sly; I didn't want to be a douche and ask her for her number in front of coworkers and old lady customers. I made a quick lap of the store grabbing my shit and popped over to the coffee counter. She had my phone leaning on the register.

"Ah, cool there it is. Thanks again..." there was a line and she smiled looked me in the eye, "Good to see you after so long. Let's catch up sometime. Gimme a call?" It could've been a casual statement but we both knew I didn't have her number. She looked amazing, her black hair loose in a bun on her neck, strands here and there. The little green apron accented her tight ass. Field Hockey? Lacrosse? Soccer? Soccer yeah, she played soccer. In the produce section I checked, sure enough she had added her info into my contacts.

I texted, "Sly gal! Glad you picked up what I'm putting down!"

As I was in line to check out she texted back, "Great to see you, and who's sly?"

"I didn't want to be THAT guy while you were working..."

"CALL ME this week...." And a winking smiley face told me I'd fuck her before Friday. I waved my phone at her as I left, feeling the charge building in my balls.....damn yes! The shower hadn't let up, so I ran full tilt the ten or so blocks to the house. I was soaked thru to the skin. The hoodie clung to me, the running shirt showed popping brown nipples and the yoga pants were nearly transparent, deep in my ass from running. I burst in the back way thru the kitchen, laughing as I startled a couple guys and the housekeeper. She tossed me a bath towel fresh outta the main laundry just off the kitchen, shaking her head and left the kitchen with mop in hand. 

I stripped off the tops, wrapped the towel very low around my waist and peeled off the yoga shorts. I put my groceries away, blended a smoothie, and then went upstairs. The guys in the kitchen were arguing fantasy football and neither gave me a second look. Upstairs I tossed my soaking clothes for a spin in the washer and dropping my few items in my room heading to the shower to warm up. The housekeeper had done this floor I knew by how tidy it all was so after my shower I strode naked and chubby to my room. I heard music coming from a neighbor's (Cory) but his door was closed. I stretched a bit in my room to warm up.

I had two hours until I needed to drive an hour to meet my parents for lunch. I would've postponed but I didn't see them last week as I was up the mountain. The short run home felt good. I usually take Sundays off, but fuck it. I threw on wet weather running gear and a cap. I grabbed my old IPod and ran. I reviewed the last 10 days. Even with the harsh weather I grinned the whole way. Ninety minutes later, heaving I made it back to the house. Dripping, cold, hot and now horny I climbed the stairs. I'd forgotten my wet clothes from earlier; threw everything I had on in with them. With my towel in hand I stalked to the shower. I heard water running. 

Isaac was in the shower; his curly hair full of soap. "Zach!"

"What's up?" I grabbed my bottle of liquid soap from my basket on the cupboard wall. I took the shower head next to him. 

"Dude, yoga in a few?"

"Aw, sorry. I gotta meet the parentals for lunch today...but let's talk schedules before I leave after this shower. I want to...."

"Damn, s'all good. I got in so late last night, my Dad is such a drinker, and he gets to talking, I passed out, just getting up...."

I'd soap my torso, not even hiding that I was starting to get hard. He was too. I looked down and laughed. I had mud splatters up to my thighs. I poured more soap on my abs and grinning over my shoulder bent over to clean my legs. I stuck my ass right at Isaac, goofy grinning up at him. His hands were full of shampoo; he swatted my left cheek and left a lathery print. 

I pushed my cock and balls back thru my thighs and with my other hand rubbed in the shampoo lather. His mouth dropped open. I laughed and stood, rinsing off completely. He had tangles he was working out of his hair so his hands were still on his head. He was about half hard. I was fully, achingly hard again. "I'm surprised after last night I can get it up," When he didn't take the bait, I took some of my moisturizer and turning off the water, covered my chest and under arms. Then paid special attention to my thighs, they felt a little raw from the run, or was it all the humping last night?

Isaac finally started rinsing his hair. Amazing amounts of soap and long curls swirled off his back. "Isaac?"

"Hmmm?"

"Want some?" I held up the lotion.

"Yeah, I shaved today..." I looked him over; the only thing he shaved was his balls, "I'll borrow some as we go over schedules in a minute. I'll stop by your room..." I'd thought of edging with him up here for a bit....I'd time for quick edge session before I drove....but there was a hesitant hitch in his voice. He was still getting lather out of his hair. "Not long now..."

"That's a lot of hair, man." He laughed. "Looks good on you though."

"Got the urge for 'natural' in Hawaii...I used to shave all over too....but it looks great on you..." He was now visibly rising. I smiled. He finished his hair and turning under the stream rinsed the rest of his body. He had his back to the entrance and was for he first time openly playing with his growing cock...He looked a little wary. 

"Hey, it's cool. I'm not the only one on this floor to play around solo in here. No one's a prude up here. Not saying we should do anything, but jacking is almost normal...."

"Funny, down in the back wing on my floor, guys never show....I've seen more cock in the last two days up here with you than in the last two and a half months down stairs." He kept up the slowest strokes I'd seen. I wasn't touching myself, just letting my cock turn almost red in desire. 

"My room?"

He nodded.

"Dare ya to walk with me just like this....." I stood relaxed and open faced, smiling holding his eye contact. 

Isaac turned off his shower and grabbed his gear. I noticed he had no shave gear. I asked. "Oh, I shave in my room....its not that comfortable downstairs; really...Bryce is pretty harsh at times." I didn't dry off; I wanted the moisturizer to sink in. 

"That's too bad....maybe some of the older guys need to talk with him....we're an open and affirming frat after all...another time we'll talk about it." We were at my door, no one was around...I sat on my chair and put lotion on my calves and forearms. Isaac picked up the bottle and sniffed it, "unscented." I said...."doesn't taste bad either..." I winked. 

"So let's find time to hang out, uninterrupted. Maybe we can reserve my studio if the schedules allow." Isaac said still just holding the lotion. I sat back and put both hands on my balls, smoothing lotion on them. He swallowed and placed a drop on his hand and gave me back the tube. I kept slowly stroking, lifting my ball sack, I scrunched forward until I thought he could see all of me, my hole too. 

He swallowed, "Zach, if I get started....Well, I don't do this...I don't have quickies..."

I smiled, "Good me neither. I'm sorry, I've not been clear...I love, love to edge...to tease myself, that is a way of giving pleasure....until we speak of an agreement to do something its all just show....ok?"

As if a string cut his frown off his forehead, he truly smiled...his eyes too. "Right on..." he lowered his gaze to my hands and matched my speed as he rubbed lotion into his balls a couple of strokes, then grabbed the base of his cock and gave a twisting teasing pull. We stayed like that for almost five minutes by the clock, long enough for Isaac to stop touching himself twice. "I passed out last night and haven't jacked in a few days...I'd better stop or I'll shoot."

I stood, bowlegged for a sec as my balls were aching. I opened my laptop, showed him my calendar. He pointed: "There....Tuesday night. 730. I'm free. You're free. The studio is free." 

I couldn't help myself; I hefted his cock in my hand, "Nice. We'll see you then..."

He took me for serious for a beat, then burst laughing. I slapped his pec, "That's more like it!..." I wiped my hands on my back to get extra lotion off, and then typed him into my calendar. I got his cell number and dialed it so he had mine on his cell in his room. He was looking thru his gear for something.

"Damn I can't find my hair tie." He reached for his towel, "I bet it's on the counter...." 

I took his towel from him...."walk it as is, sexy fucker. You did this in Hawaii, am I right?"

"Huh....how do ya do that? See into me?"

"It's written on your face....I've been growing, trying to see people...It's...well...it's like I'm seeing in color for the first time or something..." I swear to you he shuddered like I'd thrown cold water on him, "What'd I say?"

"My yoga, massage teacher, my guru had me repeating something just like that...I've forgotten some things...." Looking a million miles away, he walked out my door. Only a minute later I heard his steps coming back then his voice, "oh hey Cory...what's up?' 

Cory's response wasn't that clear. Isaac's footsteps paused at Cory's door just out side mine. They had a quiet back and forth and Isaac appeared with a business card in his hand and his hair tied up. He waved the card, "his cousin does bookkeeping for small businesses; I need a tax accountant..." His face was split with a huge grin. "I've got some un-learning to do! Thanks, you!" and he squeezed my shoulder and ran his hand down my side to rest on my ass cheek...

"Thanks your self! I gotta fly...but quick...." I pointed to the calendar again..."Yoga tomorrow morning...I ran today so I won't tomorrow morning...that means I'm free for about an hour after I get up...."

"Yes! There's a session I go to over at Shala studios, but its really crowded and I don't like to drive to the other side of town that early...perfect!" We were both still showing half hard, but the urge had passed. He pulled on his shorts and with a hand shake half hug took off. I got dressed up fast; Mom wanted a 'nice' lunch.