 Played sports my whole life, wrestling scholarship gave me a full ride to college. A month into my freshman year my high school sweetheart dumped me. I screwed any girl I could; worked my way thru the dorms; then got serious about training. I went celibate from the start of Thanksgiving break. Always boned in the morning, instead of jacking off; I threw myself into tough regimes: running, weights, swimming. I started shaving all my body hair after seeing, working out with some of the swim team. I heard about edging from senior wrestlers. I let myself jack off, but never allowed myself to come, edging in the shower longest on Sunday mornings before driving into town to meet my family. I had good friends, joined a frat, made State, went undefeated my freshman year. 

Over spring break I broke training: the first come, jacking off, standing on my bed was epic. I fucked 5 girls in 8 days. Back to school back to training back to edging. By end of the school year I was set to go up a weight class, all lean muscle. For the summer I took a desk job in an isolated archival division at my Father's company. I worked out, I worked, I worked out, I crashed, Rinse. Repeat. Moving back into the Frat in August was a relief from boredom. For a bit.

Grueling study hours and longer workouts made my brain mushy. I struggled to connect with people. My coach told me to slow down; have some fun. He ordered me to take a weekend off from school work and workouts, after I blew my top at an assistant coach over nothing. In the lobby of the locker room, one of the guys I knew from the swim team sat down across from me, dropping his gym bag, he looked away and said, "I saw the whole thing....you're close to cracking up. Coach Mac is right. Some of us guys are going up the mountain to hike. Someone's parents' cabin. Come with us." 

They picked me up Friday at noon and we had a blast. Jay made me laugh more than anyone ever had. The eight of us horsed around, ate really well, I was surprised that no one drank, although no one worked out, no one really broke training either. Jay was the center of everything; he was the kind to start things. I guess he had a reputation as a real wild man, had even been suspended from team for getting caught screwing two girls in the parking lot. When they dropped me off Sunday night, my face hurt from laughing and smiling. Jay grabbed me threw me over his shoulder and spun in a circle. He set me down, took my cell out of my hand and dialed his number, "I live right around the corner. Stop over."

Everyone I saw in the frat house smiled. I was goofy smiling I guess. As I did laundry and checked up on emails a deep tiredness came over me. I slept deep, woke up rock hard and a pool of precum on my belly. I edged for a few minutes and actually had a small shocking orgasm, didn't spew, but lost control a bit, shaking on the bed. I saw Coach Mac after my early run. I hugged him, goofy smiling still. The rest of the week was a breeze. I had needed the rest and fun. I texted a thanks to Jay (and the boys) on Tuesday night. Thursday afternoon while studying I got a text from Jay; he let me know that some of the guys were taking a break for dinner at his apartment. I texted back and walked over from the library. 

He lived in a two bedroom with a buddy who was assigned out of town on a graduate project, so Jay had the place to himself most of the time. Dinner was a blast. After a couple of hours everyone split. I dashed to my place to get my gym bag and hit the gym. As I was heading into the locker room I realized I left my book bag and laptop at Jay's. I texted him; he said to let myself in no matter, he might be out but the key was under the mat. I worked out and in the shower did a quick shave of my whole body; I was half hard the whole time. I admit to strutting thru the locker room butt naked cock swinging. I looked good, in the best shape of my life, cock bare and flopping. That was kinda new for me, usually wrapped a towel in the locker room, but seeing the boys last weekend at the cabin walking around, no cares, naked at times got me to loosen up and strut my stuff. I got dressed and headed to Jay's.

As I walked up the stairs to Jay's door; I heard music thru the window over the door. The door wasn't locked, I opened it. The hallway split the apartment, ending in an alcove that had a window seat. It was dark where I stood but some light was shining from the alcove. Jay was fucking some chick from behind. They were in profile to me. I couldn't see her face, half her body was hidden by the corner of the alcove (I still don't know who she was) as she was standing bent over hands on the window seat. Jay was sweaty, glowing in the light. He turned and looked right at me, a smirk and a thumbs up, then held her shoulder, turning up the pounding he was giving her. 

He flashed me a quick sign to close the door and be still. I was rooted. He looked like a porn star. I slid the door closed, my heart pounding, my cock burst from chubby to hard. He pulled out his cock, teasing her with it. He mimed at me to jack off. I lost my head and popped open my jeans. Jay mouthed "Fuck yeah!" when he saw my cock. I was huge. He kept teasing her, she was moaning for him to fuck her. He slid into her. We all three got into a rhythm together, Jay and I locked eye to eye. He sped up told her, "I'm gonna come. I want to shoot all over; I don't care where it lands!" He pulled out tore off his condom, arched up to his toes and shot all over. He never lost eye contact with me as I had to brace one hand on the wall. I went weak kneed and shot everywhere. I came and came and came. Jay and I had tremors together. He went to his knees and began to eat her out, she started to come too. Jay glanced at me his face glistening from their juices and waved me out the door. I grabbed my bags and stumbled to the landing without making any noise. I was still oozing come, my cock out to the night air. I managed to stuff it back into my jeans. 

I fumbled off to the library for a late study group. My body buzzing, my balls still boiling I noticed every body around me. Boobs and butts, biceps and lips; I somehow managed thru the 90 minute study group, my study mates all seemed to smile and lean into me. I was insane with horny. It was now just 1030, I had planned to study until 1130 and go home. As my study group was breaking up I checked my phone and saw I'd got this text earlier from Jay, "Duuuuuude! Thanks that was awesome. I totally forgot you were stopping by, she was boring me a bit, but that was so hoooot! Are you ok with it?"

Texting from my tiny desk in the library, "yeah, I guess I am ok with it....great way to break training. You're a fucking stud, the two of you were better than porn!"

He replied, "Saaweeet! She's getting outta the shower, gotta go be loving...hang tomorrow?"

"Yeah."

I got thru my homework; I kept glancing at my cell, thinking it beeped a text. By midnight I was done and staggered the few blocks back to the frat house. I barely lay down when my cock leapt to life, twitching and oozing. I edged, the precum flowing to the point where my cock, balls and ass were slick with it and sweat. "Fuck it" I said out loud and began to pound one out on the bed, not caring if one of my frat brothers heard the moans and juicy fist pounding. I was intent on shooting. I wasn't thinking anything, just staring at my cock and flexing abs, glancing in the mirror. My phone beeped a text.

Jay: "what you mean break training?"

I dried one hand to text back, but kept the other working, "I don't have sex, don't come when training, hadn't come since spring break. Thought I was gonna pass out."

Jay: "hot. Not me, I fucking shoot everyday. Came with her, gonna jack again, thinking about your watching that scene earlier."

Me: "LOL. On bed... I jacking right now....can't help it."

My phone rang, he was calling, "Can I tell you what I wish?"

"What?" a tremor ran thru me, my legs went stiff, my balls rose up to meet my shaft and, honestly my ass clenched. 

"I wish she would've let US fuck her!"

"OH GOD. Oh god...."

"Dude you're juicy stroking, I can hear it...you would've had a three-way, am I right?"

Phone to my ear, my head pressed back into my pillow, of their own my legs went wide, heels dug into the mattress, I arched completely off my bed, a grunt pulled from my balls....

"Don't come! Z, don't come!"

"Fffuuuck...." My breath was hard to catch....

"Take your hand off your cock, do it now!"

"OK. Ok"

"Where's you hand?"

"On my balls..."

"Put it behind your head...breathe buddy, don't come, ok?"

"God that's so hard, I wanna shoot it man..."

"Stand up! Get off the bed."

Shaking in my thighs I stood up, phone to ear, "I'm up."

"You got a mirror don't you? Look at your self...."

I was sweaty and heaving. My abs clenched and my thighs shook. My cock stood straight out from my pube. He said, "Lift your phone up over your head, look right into it and send me the pic, I wanna see you full glory like you saw me..."

A blush swelled from my collar bone up my face. I took the pic and texted it to him.....when I looked at the pic myself, I saw a glistening drop of precum threading down off the head of my aching cock. In the minute before he spoke, I pulled a few strokes on it raising quickly to my toes....in the mirror; I looked like a porn star. (I realize at this point I've not described myself or Jay. I am 5'7', at that time 154lbs. My abs were an 8 pack, my shoulders, pecs and biceps were super defined, and my ass and thighs were full and textured with muscle. My cock, due to shaving looked longer than the 8ins I knew it to be. I'd let my hair grow out so it was jet black and just to my shoulders, wavy Greek hair. I shaved everything from my nose to my toes: kept the 5:00 shadow light, chest, pits and arms smooth, abs and thighs tight and hairless were some of my best features; I shaved what little leg hair I had. I kept my bush and balls smooth even when I let other hair grow, off season. My butt cheeks reflected light from my desk lamp. My ass crack, clean shaven that afternoon was slippery with sweat. Jay was almost 6', brown hair and dark skinned. He had a crooked smile that invited playfulness. He was a typical swimmer's build, lean with broad shoulders and deep chest about 175lbs. He too shaved everything. He had a couple of tattoos on his arm, thigh and back. He had low hanging cock and balls, I found out later almost 9 inches.) 

Jay told me over the phone, "gawddam you're a fucking stud!" 

The blush deepened, but my cock stayed hard. "Man I need to come."

"I won't come if you don't come. Let's hold off, man. I haven't edged with a buddy before....what can you do to back off, cool off?"

"Fuck. I usually let myself play for a set time, and then switch to crunches or pushups, sometimes a run." 

"Alright, I'm in. I'll do some crunches. You do what you need, but don't come. Alright?"

"Aw, man...I dunno...."

"Look Z, I'm rock hard and aching to fuck. You are too. I'm not touching my cock right now, just standing here, phone in the dark, talking with a stud. Play along with me."

My balls rolled a bit in protest, but my cock dropped a bit, "Alright. I'm in. We edge together." 

"Fuck yeah. Agreed. We call if we get too close to coming, to talk each other down, k?

"K."

"Z?"

"Yeah?"

"We'll hang out tomorrow. When're you free?"

"My last work out is at 3:30, and then I usually take a long shower and shave fresh for the weekend. I'm done by 5ish."

"Ok, work out. Head over here right after. I'll come in from a run about then."

"Cool, will do..."

"G'nite, Z. Fuck damn this is hawt!"

My cock was still throbbing a little but was down to half hard. "G'nite J."

We hung up. I dropped into lunges and crunches. When the urge to stroke my balls came on full again, I grabbed a towel, not caring and strutted down the hall to the showers. I didn't see anyone, well really no one saw me. I wanted to be seen. I took a cold shower. Blue-ball achiness, that familiar ache, settled in. 

I crashed and woke up to my alarm and was out running before my hard on went down. I ran awkwardly more than half hard the whole time. Once my head cleared up some, the music pouring into my ears, I glanced at my phone to check miles. I remembered the photo, I pulled up the pic. Damn, I couldn't believe I sent that pic. I lost my stride looking at my phone. Grinning I ran smoother. When my hour was up I'd run further than I usually do, but felt alright.

I got naked inside the door of my room, and towel over shoulder swaggered down the hall to the communal showers. Several frat brothers greeted me....I felt on top of the world and really happy to be hot and naked. No one cruised me or anything, but they noticed. As I turned under the hot water, I planned to edge in my room. As I dried off walking back to my room I started to get hard again. One of my good buddies, whose room is just down the hall from me called out, "Stud." I flashed him a smile and stepped into my room, leaving the door open a little. 

I glanced at the clock and said, "Edging for 4 minutes, no more." I stood in the mirror and slow pulled my cock and balls. I could hear guys moving just outside my door, but didn't care. 2 minutes, 3 minutes; I was fully involved: legs wide, both hands held still as I fucked them with thrusts of my hips. My biceps and pecs were getting pumped from the effort. 4 minutes: I kept fucking my fists. The blue-ball ache didn't let up. I was still warm from running and a trickle of sweat went down my back, into my ass crack, making it slick back in there....6 minutes. Someone was coming to my door (I'm at the end of the hall). I turned my back at the last minute, digging into my dresser, my ass pointed at the door. 

The buddy (Carl) who'd called me a stud in the hallway was at my door. I saw him in the small mirror over my dresser. I didn't rush to find boxers, wanting to show off some more. I stopped looking for boxers, put on deo, put product in my hair, dried my hands off, anything to show off more. As I stood there I shifted from foot to foot, my ass sliding on sweat... He was talking about frat house business; I wasn't listening, I felt too good being looked at. I found the boxer briefs I wanted to wear and bending over full showing my ass I put them on. 

When I turned around my boner angled sideways almost to the waist band. He never stopped talking; leaning in the doorway arms folded, and never stopped looking at me right in the eye. My jeans were in the closet right next to where he stood. I took the few paces to open the closet. He kept his cool and actually adjusted his own package. I pulled the jeans over my ass and stuffed my cock in too. I groped myself openly as I did up the buttons. As I slid into a T-shirt and socks, I asked, "Carl, can you go over this with me later? I'm kinda outta my head right now." 

He chuckled, "yeah, no problem. No rush on any of it, next week's cool, I'm outta town until Tuesday."

"Great, thanks." I reached for a sweater and as I pulled it down was sure I caught him staring right at my crotch. "Man I love taking a run first thing..."

"I'll tell ya something Z, you're looking happier than I've seen you. And all pumped and cut....great work man." He didn't move out of the doorway as I got ready to leave.

I looked up at him, "Thanks man, doin' the work..."

"It shows. You're more open, more warm than ever. Not to come down on ya, but you're not always too friendly, but the last week or so, whatever you're doing is showing...."

"Coach came down on me, you don't have to....I went and had fun, blew off some steam. It hit me that I'm not under my parent's disapproval microscope anymore. I kinda realized I like being noticed. I think that's why I love competing so much....I like being 'on' so fuck it...I'm 'on' where and when I get props..." I hadn't thought this out but it was true. We were standing a pace apart leaning on the wall at my door. He reached over and messed up my hair; I laughed and batted his hand away. He didn't move outta the way so I full pressed against him, yup rubbed my cock against his hip, and slid out the door. 

As I was walking away down the hall I felt his eyes on me. At the stairs I looked back, he was almost to his room and had his eyes on my ass. I flushed from the chest up. We flash smiled each other and I took the stairs in a rush. The rest of the day it was like I was vibrating and people felt the hum. On impulse at lunch I texted J, "I can't believe I sent that pic!"

"Duuuude. Glad you did, it's only fair after what you got to see... "

"True that!"

"Team meeting, gotta ditch phone. Later"

"Sure"

I had study time before lecture. I got absorbed into the lecture notes online and the textbook. On the walk to class I had the feeling of being noticed, my cock and balls bounced and jiggled, swelling slightly as I responded to being noticed, I felt a rush. It was almost like my whole body was a half hard cock and each look I got was a little touch. Damn it felt good. In lecture I sat behind a boyfriend and girlfriend who played with each other the whole class. When the prof called a break, they leaned and kissed; I saw their faces: she was hot! He grinned that look that a guy gets when he knows he's gonna get some. I leaned back to stretch and saw I had a text from J, "take a quick shower throw on sweats, come over right away, by 4:30. I may have a girl we can do." 

"Seriously? Tonight?"

"Long story. Be at my place at 4:30, be ready for anything. In class gotta go. Be there."

The prof recalled class. The couple sat down. He'd taken his cap off for a minute; he was good-looking too. It washed over me: I'd fuck them. I don't just mean I'd fuck her with him. I'd fuck them. I'd had awkward wrestling boners more than a few times even intentionally humped a wrestling buddy in practice a couple times; creamed my jock more than once, knew I'd noticed hot guys before, knew I'd had sweaty jack offs with teen buddies, but that was all kinda accidental, without thought. This thought was clear and calm: I'd fuck them. I grinned kinda sideways. So what? 

During the rest of the lecture, I watched them. I sat forward and under my desk got fully hard in my jeans. I felt warmth where I was oozing precum on my hip. No one else seemed to see them or care. The prof was verbatim reciting his outline so I was cool not paying attention. I let my fantasies run wild. Too soon they jumped up at the end of class and left the hall. I laughed at my boner and covered it with textbooks like an eighth-grader. I strolled over to the gym to weight training. The trainer actually had to ask me to chill out; I was ripping thru my sets. The hour flew by.

I no more than got wet, soapy, and rinsed in a heartbeat. At my locker as I dried off I recalled that pic again. Still naked I pulled it up. Damn. The mirrors by the sinks in the locker room showed me from where I was standing, head and shoulders. For no reason I walked over to the sinks to fuss with my hair. The glances were like strokes on my balls. By the time I got back to my locker I was ¾ hard. I loved it. The blue ball ache spread back, strange but kinda back, up in my ass. It felt great too after I stretched both arms over head and bent over forward showing my ass balls and cock to a guy next to the sinks. When I stood and looked his way, he nodded, kinda like, "what's up?" We were cool.

I stood and skipping my boxers, pulled on sweats, I was going commando. I left my shirt off, knew I was acting cocky, like a prick. But fuck yeah, I was a cock. It was cool outside but that felt good too. My nipples popped hard, my balls shrunk, but I was swinging in my sweats. More than one person looked down and away at it. I felt that rush again. When I put one hand in my pocket, backpack slung over my shoulder, I was able to nudge my sweats just a touch lower....felt cool air on my pube, on the top of butt cheeks. I walked like that, just teasing the world.