 I hurried back to my room, grabbing my toothbrush, lube and condoms, stuffing them in my Nike back sack. It was chilly so I put on my super fitted long sleeve T. My balls must've known they were gonna see some action, because they were rolling. I jogged to J's. As I turned the corner and looked up at his window; it was dark. I slowed my jog and then saw him leaning on his truck, nice pants and sweater, on his phone. He had a slim portfolio in one hand and was swinging it against his thigh, talking to his Mom, I guessed.

 He pulled me into a sideways hug and rolled his eyes at the sound of her voice. When she paused he jumped in, "Yes. Yes. Tuesday. And I'll have the analytics done for you by the time you sit down to morning coffee. I know you hate it when I answer all your questions in a row. I love you, Mom." There was a long silence from him, "No. I'm not dismissing you. We just talked for two hours. I've got friends coming over, one's here right now..." He had kept his arm over my shoulder, and then shifted it down to my lower back pulling me full against his hip. I humped his thigh like a poodle in heat. That got him to smile. She was still talking. I looked up and saw Dustin crossing the street, hoodie up.

 At first I thought he was singing to headphones but as he came up I realized he was talking into a micro on his headphones. "Jess says Hey guys!" J nodded. 

 "Hey Jess, when are coming back here?" I bounced on my toes a little. Dustin laughed; J smiled and put the portfolio over his eyes. 

 "She says maybe next week." Dustin then said, "uhuh, yeah... Miss you too, love ya... I will... Buhbye." And gave a hard sigh. 

  J raised his voice just a touch, "Mom! I'll have the analytics done. The longer we talk the less time I'll have to be thorough. Yes I'm telling my friends right now that I have to work before anything else tonight Mom, please let me say goodnight, ok?"

 Dustin murmured, "I'm hitting the market fast, be right back. Want anything?" 

 "Grab me some fruit?"

  "Sure, J?" J shook his head.

 Dustin shuffled off. J finally said, "I will Mom. Love you, goodnight." I heard her say "Goodnight, love." And he hung up.

 He pulled me tight against him face to face, he was really tense. He angled his face to lie on top of my head, "She dumped the family finances on my lap again at the last minute. I have to spend about an hour going over it right away, I'm sorry. You and Dustin can hang out while I crunch numbers."

 "Anything I can do?"

  "No. No, thanks. I'll be alright; I don't even need to talk about it. She's a stress ball sometimes. Let's go inside."

  We walked side by side. In the apartment, he kicked off his shoes, sat on the stool and pulled me against him, our cocks were nicely nestled. "Mmmm. I can't wait to play tonight. Listen quick, Dustin....well, he's pretty straight. He gets fed up with Caleb treating him like a boyfriend; they're good friends, but...well it's not equal for them. We set Caleb up on a date with my gay cousin tonight. It's good for all of us if Caleb has another focus. That being said, I think Dustin is going to stay over too...."

 "I'm down for hanging out, whatever. Like I said yesterday, I like your being in control. This is all new to me. I'll stay in the moment." 

 "That's exactly why I think D is going to stay over....that charm and sexy vibe you got." He hungrily kissed me; I leaned into it, opening my mouth to his tongue. We both felt the heat rise in our crotches. Dustin cleared his throat from the hall.

 "I got myself a couple beers; I know you two won't have any. Z they had pears, is that alright?"

 "Yeah, thanks."

 "Hey D, my Mom dumped work on me. I gotta crunch numbers for a bout an hour tonight, sorry man."

 "No worries, glad you're here Z; I won't fall asleep watching a movie on boy's night like last time." J rolled his eyes at him.

  J and I were still leaning into each other, I peeled myself away to get the pears; my mouth watered for them. "These look great. We can hang, get to know each other. Let's let J get busy." D nudged him towards the computer desk. He sat with his back to us and dumped the portfolio open, he groaned.

  "What ya wanna do?" D opened a micro brew and downed 1/3 of it. I had eaten half of the first pear.

  J turned, "D, don't play that. You asked me earlier if Z would treat you to a shave and rubdown. Go get to it!"

  Dustin kinda looked like a fish for a second, then laughed. "Put some music on J? And fuck you too buddy." He tipped back the 2nd 1/3 of the brew, burped. 

  I ate my pear. D set the beer down, "dammit J. You're gonna make me ask, huh?"

  J kept tapping on the keyboard. I finished the pear. 

  "Z, uhm....J said you kept...aw man, I need a shave and some guy time....can you give me a trim and..."

  "Not think I'm your boyfriend?"

  That fish look again. He glared at J's back and finished the beer.

  "Dustin, hey," he looked at me, "Just be honest and tell me what's what, k? J has set a great example for me in the last couple days. You've known him longer, got more skills and insights. Use 'em, dude."

  He cracked open the second beer, "sooo...I'll jump in the shower, if you could gimme a few minutes, then come in?"

  "Sure, sounds cool."

  J turned around and smiled at us; D stuck his tongue out at J's smirk and went into the bathroom, closing the door. I glanced at the clock. I'd give him five minutes. I walked over, hugged J in the chair from behind. I dropped to the floor, did push ups, crunches and lunges. J had that sideways smile going. 

 Five minutes were up. I opened the bathroom door to a wall of steam. "Hey man, what's what?"

 The empty beer bottle was on the sink. D pushed aside the shower door. "Man you're ripped!" I complimented him; I'd not seen him naked before. He was J's height but slimmer, leaner. He had closed cropped brown/red hair and one tattoo on his right pec. The blue ball ache rolled from my belly, thru my balls and settled warm and full in my ass. 

  He looked surprised and said, "I didn't think you'd be dressed...c'mon in here."

  I shucked shorts and shirts. He kinda checked me out quick, "You shave it all, huh? J does too..."

  I leaned against the back wall of the stall....hands behind my back, one knee bent, and said "What's what?"

  "Well, shave me? I mean trim the bush, chest and balls should be clean off, I'll see after that...." He did manage to look at me when he asked. 

 "Sure. Can do." I grabbed the shave lotion and made lather between my two hands. Holding his nervous gaze I reached for his face which earned me a smile....he was scruffy: that was first. In a few easy passes I got his face and neck smooth. He rubbed his face under the stream and turned back to me. "Glad you started there...." He had been standing still in the middle of the tub. He leaned back against the long wall. I pushed the shower head to point straight down. I took the beard trimmer from its charger and pointed at his bush.

 "Lemme get that first before I shape your pubes better and do your chest, ok?" His cock didn't have an ounce of extra blood in it. He still seemed edgy. In a couple of swipes, I had the length off his pubes, without touching his cock. "Lift your cock away from your balls for me so I can trim them first, it's been some time since you trimmed, huh?"

 He lifted his cock shaft off his balls. I set the trimmer to its work, and then stepped back. 

 "Yeah, it's been a while. Kinda rebelling against Caleb's insisting I shave every day." He looked regretful when he said Caleb's name. 

 "No worries, man. This is what you want. Doesn't matter to me either way." I lathered my hands and nodding a question applied it to his chest and abs. Feeling the hard muscles was hot, under the bit of fur he was ripped. I felt a rush go down my spine and curl from my ass to my dick head. I kept it chill though, like with Brett my intuition was directing me. 

 I scraped off his chest hair and started on his abs. I decided to take everything off but the triangle of his bush. He watched me the whole time. When I rinsed him to check my work, he squeezed my shoulder, and then left his hand there as I touched up his left collar. 

 I reached for the shave cream and looked at his balls, "Ok for down there?"

 "Yeah, go for it."

 I knelt down and he lifted his shaft up holding it against his belly stretching it a bit to his navel. His balls weren't really that hairy, and he had almost no ass hair, I commented on this. 

 "I'm a quarter Cherokee, lucky genes." He rinsed the lather off when I finished. I could see some longer pubes I'd missed. I took the trimmer again and touched up the bush and did tight edges around the base. That's when I saw more than a few hairs on the bottom part of his shaft.

 "Want me to get those too?"

 He shifted his weight to lean back more and nodded. Using only a dab of cream, holding the head lightly; it only took six passes to shave them off. I rinsed his cock, hefting his cock and balls which were heavy and warm in my hand. "Anything else?"

 "Hmm...while we're here, moisturize?"

  I reached out of the shower which accidently pressed our bellies and crotches together. D put a stabilizing hand in the small of my back. When I straightened he kept me there for a beat. "Thanks Z! It's nice to feel no expectations...."

 "My brother, my fraternal twin swims for State, we grew up showering together; it's cool to just hang and relax this way with a buddy. Last year we shaved together a few times like this, just chill. I've been in locker room showers my whole life. This isn't much different, really" 

 "Right on. J also said you had magic hands, that you studied massage?"

 I applied a thin layer of almond oil to his chest and abs. I didn't ask or hesitate, just rubbed his balls and shaft. I did give it a couple of pulls. He grinned. "Yeah my girl practiced on me, I like to see people relax."

 "Maybe you'll feel like massaging me later?" His hand gripped my shoulder and shifted down to my bicep.

 "I'd like that....anytime, no rush."

 He leaned over and hugged me, chest to chest, no other contact.

 I turned off the shower and got towels. Just as I put my hand on the door, drying my hair, he said, "Z..." and wrapped me in a full contact hug from behind. It was kinda awkward but I relaxed back against him. 

 For the first time I felt some heat from him....I pressed back again. He shifted one hand down on to my hip and clenched his abs; that put his cock right into my ass crack. It began to fill. For a long moment we press humped together like that, both getting about ¾ hard when he gave a deeper squeeze and let go.

 He preceded me out into the living room. J was hunched grumbling over the keyboard. He turned and broke into a full smile. "Looking great, D! Good work Z!" His eyes went back and forth between our showing cocks. "I'm only about half done..."

 The clock showed just before 9:00, that'd only taken 30 minutes. D stepped over and without saying a thing held J by the back of the neck and deep kissed him. J and I were both surprised. D said, "Thanks guys!"

  "I've still got some time here..."J waved receipts and statements at no one. 

  Dustin said, "We'll get outta sight," and walked into J's bedroom. I kissed J quick and hot and followed into the bedroom.

  D was sitting on the bed, legs crossed at the ankles, texting. We were both still half hard. I let the door close mostly behind me. "Is that Jess again?" I nodded at the phone.

 "Caleb. I'm telling him to put his phone away and have fun." D did the same thing with his phone. 

 I sat on the other end of the bed on my knees; my dick was pointed down to the mattress heavy but not too full. D looked me over; I felt a blush rising and my ears tingled. 

 "Gimme a massage, Z?"

 "Of course, but first can I ask you something?"

 "What's that?"

  "Is it aright if I don't worry about usual 'no go zones?' I mean if my wrist rubs your ass, or I lift your balls, we'll be alright?"

  It was his turn to flush a bit. "Yeah, yeah man, I'm not that uptight."

 "No, I don't think you are. I just want it spoken. In fact, if it's alright, can I just get something outta the way right now?"

 He titled his head sideways like a confused puppy, "Go for it, I don't know where you're going sometimes. But it's all good." 

 I reached over, tracing my hand up his thigh, cupped his balls, then reached my other hand, lightly fingering the shaft of his cock; he throbbed to life. I rubbed in bigger circles until I was covering his whole pelvis and going under his ball sack to openly press against his hole. I made larger circles with my palms until I got my hands behind his shoulders and almost sitting on his lap. His shivered all over. "My ex taught me that," I grinned "as a way to break the tension before real massage between lovers..." 

 "Damn. Well thanks to her." His legs had parted and his hands had found their way onto my biceps. I took his hands, sitting on his thighs and put them on my belly. He could feel the jumpiness there. I leaned back, my hands just above his knees that put my cock front and center. "Feel me, get used to feeling me, ok?"

 His eyes flicked from my eyes to our cocks and back. I breathed deep and challenged him like J did me. He felt my abs, then pecs, squeezing their dense muscle. Felt my shoulders and arms, gripped my hips, adjusted his grip so that his palms were inside my hips almost over my pube. He licked his lips. I held myself still, the tummy butterflies still there, in fact they were kinda visible in the bottom set of my 8-pack. He made another circuit from abs to shoulders back deeper into my pubes. The backs of his thumbs paralleled my cock. He ran his thumbs up the length then moved around the circuit again. He did this over and over so that after a couple of minutes by the time he got to my cock I moaned and rolled my hips. 

 I set my hands on top of his, moved one pair to each of our cocks. Just light stroking, more to tease and extend the rise than aim to shooting. He sat up catching me off guard and with his arms under mine tilted my face towards him by placing his hands on the back of my head. We fit snugly together, as he kissed my neck and collar bones he managed to keep a humping rhythm going between my legs. His hands moved down my spine several times and back to my neck and top of my head. Again and again. 

 I began stroking him from chin to ball sack between us. His hands cupped my ass and he got stronger in his grip, kinda squeezed my breath away. Then back to the circuit of hands. He cupped my ass again, stronger still. Then his fingers spread to pull my ass cheeks apart. I felt air, space on my hole. I shivered enough that he moaned for it. He gripped deeper into my ass crack his middle fingers on the rim of my hole. We had been wetly connected in kissing this whole time. When he ran his hand up to my head then back to push against my hole, I arched, flexed, shivered. 

 He rolled us onto our side in a graceful animal move. When his hands settled us cock to cock, full torso contact, I wrapped my arms against his rib cage and held on. The teasing strokes on my hole got longer and wider including my balls and the base of my shaft. He took my leg and put it over his hip. My butt cheeks were splayed full open. The urge to hump against him came as his cock was oozing on my abs. 

 "He wants to fuck me..." the thought made me catch my breath. I wanted him, but didn't know what getting fucked meant, couldn't imagine it....I got lost in my head. 

 "Z? Buddy?" He held me close.

 "I need to slow down, sorry." I wanted to stand up right then.

 "No, I'm sorry, that was real pushy of me...." He rolled us so he was on his back; I was in no way constrained. I instantly relaxed.

  "I think," I pushed hair out of my face, rested my chin in my hand, "that that was just too hot too quick. I froze because I wanted you to fuck me."

  His eyes softened. "And...?"

 "And I didn't know what that means, what that takes...look," I lifted my belly, I was still hard for him, "it's not a matter of desire, it's...."

 "You're just not ready...I get it. J was real gentle and I took my time..." his ears tip went pink. 

 "J was your first?"

 "Only."

  "Mine too," I snorted it sounded wistful, even corny to me.

He stared chuckling, then I did, then we were hanging on to each other laughing. As we quieted down we heard J in the shower. I was thirsty and got up. D stayed for a minute, and then came out to the kitchen too. The shower kept running, but it didn't sound like J was moving in there. I looked to the door and D shook his head, "Let him have his time."

 D changed music, I checked my phone. My parents had called and left a voice message. I checked it; we were having lunch instead of brunch; this gave me more time...."Cool, I don't have to be up early tomorrow! The parents." I waved my phone as it played the rest of dad's message. D grinned and stretched out on the couch. I walked over and sat on the other end; D hung his calf over my thighs. 

 J still hadn't come outta the shower. D looked at the door, then back to me, "So....how about that massage?"

 "Hellyeaah!" I popped up off the couch. D took my phone, stacked it on top of his and finding J's phone on the desk put them on the kitchen counter. He hit the lights, the phones sat in the pool of light from the pendant lamp over the counter, and this was the only light besides what came from the bedroom. The shower ran quietly. 

 Once on the bed D said, "Now that the other tension is out of the way; let's see your magic hands!"

 I rubbed a drop of oil between my hands, knelt next to him on the bed and immediately got lost in deeply relaxing him. Neck and shoulders, upper back were super tight; he swam 6 days a week. His ribcage compressed under my pushes and pulls; he caught my rhythm and kept breathing at that pace. When I got to his lower back, for leverage I sat on his lower thighs. He moved wide first one leg, then after I dug into his upper glutes, both legs. His ball sack looked tight. 

 I just kept digging into the musculature of his lower back and glutes. He grunted when the backs of my hands pushed deep enough to press on pelvic bones from the back. I got to his hamstrings between his legs before he started squirming, not hiding the fact that he was slow humping the mattress. "Can I tease you from back here, Dustin?"

 He blushed and hid his smile in the crook of his elbow. He gave a shy nod and arched up a little. I poured oil on his tail bone; gravity sent it trickling down onto his hole and sack. I rubbed circles on his cheeks, slowly increasing pressure. I stayed out of his crack for now. When he raised his hips in invitation; I started pushing into his hip joints and hamstrings, his ball sack got some attention. I remember my gal teasing me like this too. I was now fully hard and the tip of his dick was just peeking out under his left hip. I slid my hands wide over his hips and lubed the head of his cock. That got a load moan and he lifted me and his ass up off the bed. I slid my hands firm along his crack, covering everything in one sweep. I did that again and again and again. He was meeting my touch with pressure back against my hands. 

 I shifted my weight and the hot fat head of my cock jabbed him behind the balls and slid up his crack to his tail bone. He gasped and his hand came back to my belly instinctually. I bit his shoulder blade and chuckled...."now we're even, fucker!"

 He wrapped fingers around the base of my cock and relaxed back onto the mattress. "Damn, that's hot..."

 "Say it. Say what you thought..."

 He looked at me, his face turned sideways, "I thought you were gonna fuck me...you could've just pushed right in....part of me...."
