 I got in my car just passed noon. I texted Dad to let him know that I was on the road in 5 minutes. He told me to watch traffic on 26. I smirked and texted thanks! I put the phone on hands free and dialed Brett. It rang and went to voice mail. "Hey this is Zach. Just calling to say hey. I'm on my way to lunch with parents. I'll be back in town about 330-400, then I have the house meeting which is over at 6. You still wanna hang out tonight? I'm free for sure. Let me know, k? Call or text back. See ya."

 I was on the highway; I couldn't think of what music to play....I remembered that Moby album Brett had played in the shower...I ought to have it on my phone....yup...for a few miles I just got lost in the music and the hum of the road. I scrolled thru my contacts; my eyes fell on my therapist's number. I dialed.

 She is semi-retired and takes on a few clients. We'd been together for more than ten years. We had the understanding since the bad spell my freshman year that I could call anytime, she'd bill a week day session to my parents account. On the third ring she answered. "Hi, Carol, Zacharias here...how're you?"

 "I'm good, what's wrong?" she was as direct as ever.

 "You're on speaker phone, hands free in my car. Do you have plans for the next hour?"

 I told her everything, well not everything I kept the sex details mostly to myself. I dumped. I got misty eyed in gratitude more than once. She was largely silent. I blew out a huge sigh, "I guess I'm calling to say thanks. I'm living the freedom we discussed within all that abstract talk we covered in sessions."

 "Yes. Yes. I'd say you were....listen Zacharias, You haven't asked anything of me in this call...so I'm not going to advise you on anything....you're happy I can hear it....I accept your thanks then, my friend."

 "That's what I hoped for, just acceptance of what I offer....Carol. I love you, my friend."

 "Well it would be unprofessional of me to reply in kind....but fuck professionalism, I love you too Zacharias." She was the only one who called me that because she made it sound right.

 "I want to call you again, next weekend alright?"

  "Great. Can you email me a time frame, please....I've got some things on my books."

  "Certainly thanks for taking my call....bye."

  "Bye. Next weekend."

  I was exiting the highway almost to the restaurant for lunch. After that call I could face Mom's scrutiny without getting worked up or hurting her feelings. Lunch was fun; I gave all the news from school; asked about their projects. Dad would be travelling for work for a couple of weeks and Mom was joining him for a five day weekend on the end of the trip; we wouldn't meet for three weeks. Then it was crunch time as tournaments started. In a month then I agreed to spend the day with them. I was looking forward to it actually. I meant it and Mom picked up on that. Goodbyes went quick for a change.

I got back in my car; I'd left my phone in the dash. Voicemail and texts. Voicemail first: Brett, "I-I-I-h-h-h-ate th-h-these...y-y-y-yes. S-s-six th-th-th-thirty, ok-ok?"

Then his text, "Sorry I hate voice mail. But I said I'd call. Yes, I would still like to hang, if 630 is still alright with you. I never know if I am understood when I leave a voice message. Text me back if anything changes." 

 The other text was from an unknown number, it was from D, "J said y'all talked a bit this morning. I concur. I want to chill with you....get to know each other. Workout? Study time? Movie/dinner? Open to suggestion...."

 I saved his number and texted back, "Me three!!! I've got a little time here on the road, but I think you're still working. I'll be at the house free time from 400-500....quick bite? Tacos?"

 I started the car and turned on music, even before I got the car into drive he replied, "TACOS!!!" 

 "Funny enough my fave? Tres amigos!"

 "Hahaha. See you. Drive safe."

 I texted the offer to J just in case, he declined as his Mom wanted to see him about the work we'd done the night before. He was off radar for the rest of the night with a triple frown emoji.

 I drove just listening to the music. I thought of the week ahead and opened my calendar on my phone. I highlighted free time what little there was with workouts, practices, class time, course work, and study time and study group. But. But I did have time to myself. Late evenings, Most of the weekends. That same sense of ability, of confidence I'd felt last night was just there for me. 

I made good time, rolled into my parking spot at 345. I tidied my room. I stripped and without a fantasy in my head, just the pure feeling of it edged for 5 rich minutes. I grabbed an old, old pair of jeans, they actually were threadbare on my balls and one back pocket was tore, showing my cheek. My basket bounced and jiggled with the recent edge session and the thought of play time to come. 

 I jogged a little to the taco truck; D was hunched outta the gloom next to the lone bright lamp which gave off some heat. We 'bro hugged' hands clenched between our chests. He said, "I ordered for us...the half dozen, chicken no cheeses, s'alright?" I nodded. My lips tingled in memory of how they felt after blowing him this morning....

 "Dustin?? Taco's ready. Salsa?" The platter made my mouth water. I snagged two and stuffed one half ways in my mouth. The little lady laughed me, "Like a hungry bird!" Her accent was adorable. I mumbled, "gracias.' and tucked my hair back off my left ear. Dustin dropped the change in the jar.

 We were silent. I ate my two, he ate three and nodded at the last one, I shook my head it disappeared. "You look good, nice jeans..." he spoke quietly, "Let's walk back to your house." I could feel him connecting with my balls as they bounced while we walked slowly just chatting. I took my hand outta my pocket and the length of my shaft lay across the pouch made by the worn button fly. 

 "Yeah. I got a friend, teammate coming over to play..." I grinned at how good that felt to just say.

 "Nice, I got video call with Jess, at least I get to see her come, even if I'm not there...." He sighed. 

 "Any way of knowing when she'll be back? You miss her..."

 He nodded, "hell yes I miss her. Never loved anyone that hard." He looked around as if he wasn't sure where he was. "No. No her schedule can change daily since the merger. Another year of unknowns, at least."

 "Dude, I'm sorry, that sucks..." I caught myself, covered my smile with a cough

  D gave a barking laugh, "You almost said, sucks dick didn't ya?"

 I nodded and when he looked at me we both said, "And is sucking dick a bad thing?"

 We were on the steps of the house. I was glad to laugh with him. "C'mon in for a sec?"

 He looked at his phone, upside down it said 440, and "I got time..."

 "I've got a house meeting in a bit, but c'mon up." I showed him around the house; the grand room was filling fast. In my room he flopped on the bed and humped the air for a sec. "What the hell?" Laughing I leaned on my desk.

 "This is where you jack off...just getting a feel for it..." he put his hands behind his head on my pillows, "C'mere a sec..."

 I stepped the pace towards him, he pulled me down on top him....we fit right together. He sucked a kiss outta me hard enough my lips went puffy. The ache between my ass and balls flared up. 

 He broke the kiss, "yup. You make me hot. Not just a one time thing....that's good. J and I got a great friendship, more than friends, really but still comfortable. I want you like that too. I've thought about this today. I know when I fall; I think you and J have too, right?"

 I had a lump in my throat. His hands were in the small of my back and I leaned up to put mine on his pecs...."I thought that exact thing this morning with both of you at different times. Like J said to me, we decide where this goes, k?"

 He pulled me back down lay flat on top of him. "Yup. So fucking glad we're all on board..."

 We just lay and made out for what seemed only a minute. Someone yelled up the stairs, "5 minutes guys, members only in 5 minutes!"

 D and I got up after he drew another hard kiss from me, my lips tingled and it looked like I was almost wearing lipstick. I introduced him to a couple of guys as he left. I saw Dale leaning on the back of one couch; he patted the space next to him. Just as I leaned my hip next to Dale's, Isaac popped up from the kitchen. We made eye contact and he came over and stood on the other side of me. Damn I thought, I'm glad this is an informal meeting, our bitch session. I'd never be able to take notes as secretary in between these two. 

 As it was there wasn't much to bitch about; the usual, pick up after yourself, keep noise down, guests are only during posted hours etc....Dale placed his thick thigh across the back of my legs for a bit. Isaac caught this and I saw that even though he scowled, he had to hide his growing boner with hands in pockets. Dale caught that too. Hell, why not, I thought? I saw my self in a reflection in a mirror in the back of a display case framed by two taller handsome studs.

 My hair was wavy messy behind my ears. My eyes shone and my lips were definitely abused, puffy and deeply flushed. The polo I was wearing showed off my biceps and delts; my nipples were hard little points in front. The shirt was older, thin enough, snug enough that the top two pair of my eight pack abs pressed thru. The jeans hung low on my hips so that when I moved the shelf of the top of my butt was exposed; just a little crack showing too. The jeans hugged my thighs when I moved. My pube showed if I raised my arms. Best asset of all was my basket. The length of my shaft pointed to the left; I was cut so the ridge of my head made a clear line. My balls were cupped nicely by the pouch made from years of wear. When I moved they rolled, shifted in the pouch.

 I leaned back to arch and stretch my back standing; that exposed my pube in my snug old jeans, both guys sideways eyed me. I put my elbows on the back of the couch next and slightly spread my legs, one in front of Isaac, the other in front of Dale. Isaac shifted to bump my ass lightly once with the back of his hand still inside pants pocket. I heard Dale draw in a breath. I stood and twisted my spine hands on hips. I caught eye contact from both of them; Dale actually stared down at my package for a long time. 

 The council announced the agenda then for the formal meeting this Tuesday at 600. I murmured to Isaac, "I'll get a quick run in before we meet at your studio or we can go right from here...?"

 Isaac's, "Right away..." sent a chill thru me. 

 Dale growled out of the side of his mouth, "What was that?"

 "Isaac and are doing yoga and massage together Tuesday right after formal. You and I should hang sometime too..."

 Other side conversations were starting to build, the council called the meeting. I took a step and leaned my ass on the couch facing the two of them. They looked at each other and began puffing up. "Guys. Chill. No alpha male shit, ok?" Isaac gaped and Dale flushed. I crossed my arms and instead of being assertive, I opened up to them uncrossing my arms and putting my hands next to me on the back of the couch. My back was to the room, but it was hard to be vulnerable. "Let's keep things open and friendly."

 They both nodded, looking stunned at my vulnerability. They both kinda stepped closer when a couple of loud whoops came from the TV side of the grand room. "OK that's more like it." I 'bro hugged' Dale then Isaac, "Why don't you guys go have a beer or two, have some cheesy fries for me. I've got a teammate coming over in a bit." They both looked awkward as hell, "oh and I give you both explicit permission to discuss me and recent 'events' in our friendships..." the last I said so only they heard me. I smiled my most winning smile and walked away.

 I got to my room, feeling like I was on the mats with a fresh take down under my belt. I stood for a minute and looked at myself in the mirror, the urge to edge roared up my spine. I stuffed the urge and thumped down in front of my laptop to check email and go over this week's schedule. I jotted a note of thanks to my therapist asking if Saturday midday worked for her. After fifteen minutes of review I was sure I'd get everything done easily and pursue extra-curricular activities.

I had a few minutes to spare. I texted J, "hi! 

I then texted Victoria, "Looking at schedule, filling fast, free Thursday 4-6? Study break?"

 Got this right back from her, "Hell yeah. Meet at library. Go from there?" "Oh yeah." And she came back with, "working late right now, other job, gotta go for the night. Glad you got a hold of me. Bye for now. Kisses"

So I added to my calendar: Brett sun 630-? Isaac Mon yoga 7-8, Brett running Mon 11, J Mon phone lunch, Isaac Tue 630, Vic Thur 4-6....I did stand and fist pumped the sky like a champion. I had a few minutes to kill. I opened the pics from the weekend and lightly traced my balls thru the threadbare jeans. I jumped a little when my phone beeped a text from J. 

 "D called me from Caleb's' phone. D lost his phone in your bed?!? hahaha. He'll be by in a minute to grab it..." I lifted the covers, no phone. I looked under the bed, no phone. I moved the pillows, there it was. I heard him bounding up the stairs. He grinned and slid the phone into his back pocket. "Where's you buddy, Brett?"

 "Not due for another few minutes yet....when do you see Jess?"

 "Half hour." His grin was infectious.

 "What're you smiling at?"

  "I'm glad I'm so spacey..."

  "Really? Why's..."

  He cut me off by nibbling my lower lip and lifting me off the floor by grabbing both my ass cheeks. His smoothness in setting us down on the bed was awesome. We kissed until I needed to breathe. He stood up, jeans tented by his boner; mine was poking up from the inside of my left pocket. He spied my calendar open on my laptop, "keep Friday booked for us three, ok?" I nodded from my bed. He tapped in "Tres amigos" at 7 Friday night. He readjusted his tented jeans, stuffed one hand to pocket hide his lessening boner, "Gotta run but can I take a pic of you right now for Jess and J?"I nodded. They both texted back, 'hawtie!' This is still one of my favorite pics of me. I walked him down the stairs. My phone beeped from my back pocket.