 The hole in the wall Thai place was just four long blocks from the gym. They were sitting in the window on stools, their bags on the stool between them. I took that one. D said to J, "those jeans!" and as I sat down grabbed my ass. No one was around. The food was amazing as always. We laughed. Compared notes about the new facilities. They asked about Brett. I told them my tally: four guys, 12 orgasms, 80 hours, mentioned setting date with Victoria and my thought of checking out that couple from lecture. 

J hung his arm over my shoulder, "I think I just creamed my jeans...." 

"You only come that easy with my cock in your ass," I said and promptly the draped arm became a headlock. D snorted Thai tea in his nose. I took the opportunity to softly massage J's balls while pretending to try to push him off. D was still coughing and trying to clear his sinuses. We found excuses in the next 10 minutes or so to grope each other however we could. J was showing hard, me and D a little less so. The waitress had been in the back, she brought the check and we paid. 

Huddled for protection we got our cells and talked about when we could next hang. I knew Friday night was locked for us. J and I could get a workout on Thursday midday and D and I might do something Wednesday night. His eyes got bright, "We could Skype Jess together!" 

J yelled, "No fair! No fair!"

D said, "Well if you were done with your community service for getting caught 'in the parking lot,' you could join us." 

I asked, "So it's true you got caught screwing two girls...?"

D laughed, "No that's the cover. He was caught jacking off, in coaches' office when he was supposed to be working." 

"NO!" I hadn't seen J blush yet, but he was. 

D put him in a headlock, "yup. Completely naked, standing in the middle of the room, cock in one hand, fingers up his ass!" 

"ALRIGHT! Leave it! K? I thought Coach Jergens was gonna have a stroke. Coach Mac threw his towel at me and pushed Jergens back outta the room. It was Mac who kept things smooth after that. And my service is up this weekend: sixty hours volunteering at the Sisters of Mercy retirement home."

I tried not to laugh but when I saw D's face I doubled over. D said, "I think Mac got a kick outta seeing you like that..."

J straightened, "well yeah, I'm hawt!"

We both grabbed him in headlocks and ball gropes at the same time. Smiling against the wind and sleet I ran to class, almost late. My 1:00 lecture was a snoozer. The room was stuffy and bright; a bad combo. I tried to pull my cap down over my eyes and maybe doze off or fantasize but the professor kept throwing questions to the crowd. Bored but forced to stay present. My 3:00 was better; at least in small groups we got to engage with the course work. By 4:30 I was dragging.

After I took a piss, I checked my phone. No messages. My first thought was to go home and study, working out later. I looked over my shoulder at the window and knew when I left campus I wasn't coming back. I slogged back to the gym, dragging ass. Guys were still lining up for their locker assignments. I needed to thank B again for getting me past that. Everyone who came thru while I was changing left right away. I had the weight room to myself. 

Until Coach Mac checked on the thermostat, "Warm enough, Wollinowski?"

"Yeah, coach. Thanks, this place is awesome!"

"Did I see you doing laps with Carson this morning?"

"Yeah." I wondered if he saw anything else, remembering what D had said. Coach Mac was in his forties, but still flat bellied, handsome and surprising curls under his cap; and always alive with passion for what he was doing. He gave great motivational speeches. 

"Good. He could use some tips from you. He has an iffy record on the mat. He thinks too much. If somehow you could teach him how you sense your opponent's moves, how you got that natural 'feel' for your body, he'll improve a lot. You can see him get lost in his head." 

I laughed in my head, "Yeah coach, sure. I'll see what I can do to help him get in touch..."

"We'll be able to use the main practice room and the small auxiliary mat room this year. So we can send guys off for individual coaching and small group practice. I'm counting on you to step up and lead this year. I'm gonna put your ass to the test!" Was he checking my ass out as I stood and did curls? Maybe he was. I did flush; thankfully I was red from exertion.

"Aw, thanks Mac. I'll try my best. Thanks for thinking I can lead." I finished that set and stepped back. Mac slapped my shoulder and walked off. In the mirror I saw him adjust himself as he walked outta the room. That almost felt like a cruise. Cool!

I gritted thru the workout. I spent a few minutes in the dry sauna, but got sleepy. Dressed again, my blue tights showing thru my crotch, I knocked on Mac's door. He swung it open, on the phone ordering equipment. He held a finger up, and then pointed to a bench. I sat, slumped my crotch hot and obvious. He had on track pants now; he was wearing chinos earlier.

"What's up, Zach?"

"Just a thanks again. And what do you have in mind for helping Brett?"

"You've earned it this last year. You are one of the best wrestlers we've got and I think you're turning into quite the leader and top man." I did flush with pride and his even stare had my balls turning up the heat. "I think if you spend some mat time with Carson, get him to relax, get him accustomed to, well body contact, he'll drastically improve. His background is Kung Fu, you knew that? He's not got the level of comfort most guys who grew up wrestling have. Grapple with him, repeat moves, get him away from the crowds, from his head, ya know?"

I did know. I nodded at his suggestions. "Maybe you can instruct us sometime in the small mat room?"

"Yeah we plan to do workshops just like that." He swung one leg a couple of times; like I do when I want to feel my cock, but can't touch it...My instincts were clear: Mac was hot for me right now. My dick began inching along my pube growing towards my jeans front pocket. We kept talking about the workshops. I fiddled with my phone and that gave Mac a chance to check my cock. Yup. 

He ended with, "Alright Wollinowski, you're on board. We'll see you in the locker room before practice tomorrow. Oh yeah, spread the word: since we're the only ones booked tomorrow for the gym, we can go casual during practice. Personal workout gear will be fine until we settle the roster and get team gear..."

I cocked my head, "Sooo...jocks and cups and singlets and warm-ups aren't required?"

"Nope, not since it's just us. The whole point of having a closed gym is so we don't have to cater to other people. I'm taking a more active role with the team this year; Jergens needs some down time, bless him. Oh and that info about casual gear was completely off the record. Got it? Now get your smirk and cocky ass outta here..." I stood and he didn't look up from his ledger.

"Thanks Coach!" I smacked him on the back and bent to grab my bag. I felt the heat of his glare as I stood. My left leaning dick needed fixing. I put my hand in my pocket and moved everything around, "See you tomorrow. Should I check in with you before practice?" 

"Yeah. Do that, there's ways into the offices from the locker room now. Pop in, I'll get your thoughts on workout partners." His leg was swinging under his desk. I was nearly full hard under my hand in my pocket. 

"Will do, Mac." I immediately went back into the locker room and pulled my cock out in one of the back sections. I edged for almost ten minutes, leaving drips of precum on the floor, 'baptizing' it, I hoped. And yes, Mac was what I edged to... a couple of voices made me jump into one of the stalls. I got my cock put away, flushed the toilet carried my book bag in front me pretending to look for something, I stepped towards the door. 

I recognized the voices then, one was Caleb the other was Josh, whose parents have the cabin we stayed at. I stood and bullshitted for a minute and now that I was under half hard, swung my bag over my shoulder. Caleb's eyes flashed between my crotch and the stall. I nodded and walked out. The sleet had lessened but the wind was baaad. I headed home. Planning to shower, shave and edge as much as possible, my homework was light and I expected to crash early. 

I made a quick dinner, listening to guys bitch about the weather; an ice storm was possible tonight. As I climbed the stairs, I wasn't tired but satisfied, glad to be home. I sat for an hour and did homework, the house quiet except for the wind. I got up to stretch my legs and back, I got juice from the kitchen and on the way back, heard Isaac's voice down his hall. I popped my head in his room, he was on the phone, but waved me in. The rooms in the back wing were smaller so as I sat on his chair our legs touched. He was talking to one of his professor's about TA work he was going to do. 

He put one hand on my knee and gripped it; I pushed my legs open to him and leaned back. I could hear Josh and Bryce playing a video game even though their door was closed. Isaac finished his call, "Hey buddy," and he added his other hand to massaging my thighs, not hesitating to go deep into my hip joints. I popped wood just like that. "How're you feeling since this morning and your epic weekend?"

"I'm hot now..." I laughed, "I'm great actually. I swam with Brett for half an hour, soaked in the steam room and sauna. I worked out for an hour and a quarter. Home now taking a homework break. So my body is fine, tired but fine. Ya know...I really feel alright...at home in my life." I blushed for some reason when I said it. 

His hands weren't directly rubbing my cock; he was focusing on moving deeper into my thigh and hips musculature. "I am really looking forward to getting to share massage trade with you tomorrow. That little bit you did on my back while we were jacking was terrific." The boys across the hall gave a louder whoop and Isaac sat back. I leaned forward and gave him the same slow deep treatment to his legs. He did cast quick looks to the door across the hall. I finally sat back and our hard-ons were pointed up our jean fronts.

He lifted his textbook and grimaced. I stood, he did too, and quickly pushed the door part closed. We hugged full and long. I went back to study. Cory was either just home or he turned on his light because I saw the beam under his door. I took another 90 minutes and when my eyes were burning; I sat downstairs for a 15 minute break and watched sports talk on TV with people who we all kinda dazed like me. It was coming up on 9:00. 

I texted Isaac, "Shower and shave?"

"Sounds good. 10 minutes."

"K. Get me in my room." I stripped down to nothing and flipped my yoga mat out and did a few minutes check in with my body. The tenderness was almost all gone on the head of my cock and I was definitely rebuilding my loads: my balls were getting heavy and my ass was...squirming in downward dog when my hole was open to the ceiling. I heard footsteps and Isaac called my name. I dropped outta downward dog and snagged the lotion; it was getting low I'd have to pick up some more. 

Isaac and I collided at my door. I felt his semi poke my belly and we laughed for balance. I heard quiet music from Cory's room but that was usual. Isaac turned and I followed him naked and growin' and showin.' We talked quietly while we showered and shaved. I had a lot more to do than him but went quick. I handed him the lotion jar and we both faced each other and settled into mutual showing strokes. I spread my legs and he matched me.

I thrust fucked my fists; he was with me stroke for stroke. I had to stop. He kept at it a bit longer then put his hands in his hair. We rinsed and after a minute started again. We edged like this for a good 20 minutes. I had a hot ache in my balls and ass. I tickled one finger on my hole. Damn that was too hot. I lost control a short minute and with just the tip of my finger in my ass ignoring my cock I shuddered all over. I saw Isaac squeeze the base of his cock and a full stream of come dripped down. More than a precome, but less that a full spew. 

Cold water brought me down. I wanted to lie down. Without a second thought as we were drying off I leaned up and drew Isaac into a hard kiss, only a little tongue. He was surprised but warm to it. "Tomorrow will be amazing! This was hot too. I'm beat and wanna lie down, k?"

"Oh. Sure. I got more studying to do. Tomorrow after the formal meeting...G'nite." He wrapped a hand towel around his hips, carrying his clothes in one hand, holding the towel closed with the other. His ass showed on one side whenever he took a step. With a full shit eating grin he went down stairs. I closed my door and switched on the space heater. My phone was flashing. 

Brett texted, "Check your email....ugh."

I flipped open my laptop and logged on. In short, he and Quinn had fought; well she continued to flip out. The counselor even called her out for being outta line. She has been getting more and more excitable almost outta control sometimes, has thrown things. Tonight he was ordering Thai on the phone for them. She freaked on him, impatient with his stammer calling him names.

She snatched his phone from him, deeply scratching him behind the ear drawing blood. Holy fuck I thought; then he told me left her. He had driven across the valley an hour to stay at his parents. He wasn't going back. He was afraid she was gonna get ugly and spread word of us on campus; he wanted me to know this. And that he didn't include me in their reasons for breaking up, really he said he should've left months ago. 

I thought about it and wasn't worried about being 'outted.' He might be and I respected that. I was worried for him. I texted before finishing reading but he replied he was trying to talk with his parents about next steps and would try to call if it wasn't too late. I texted back, "get at me 24/7!" I finished his long email; it was just details of her melt down and what he was gonna do next. He texted, "I'm alright. Thanks for being there. Gonna crash. Sorry to involve you in my drama."

"No worries here, and outing is no problem for me, but respect wherever you're at..."

"Ha. Thanks. I shut that down. I got similar leverage on her....and two Profs!"

"Well, well! G'nite then. Anytime you need...k?"

"Thanks again...I, think, I am free of a big burden."

"Wow. Hugs."

"Hugs"

That kinda shook me up. I was tired but mad at her. I tossed and turned for a while, finally throwing on sweats and finding ice cream that belonged to my friend Carl in the freezer. I had fat scoop of something chocolaty. I had been hungry I guess 'cus that slowed me down some. I got to my room saw my laptop still open and punched up some porn. That took my mind off it for a while. I didn't really get hard, just liked surfing. My eyes were burning tired again so I switched everything off. After a few minutes in the dark I had to piss.

Back on my bed I heard the deep creaks of Cory climbing into bed. A minute later another deep creak, then his door opened. He went to the bathroom. Something clicked: Brett was gonna be ok, better than ok...he said he felt free....and he says what he means. I released the tension in a deep sigh. 

Cory got back to his room. My back was tight from worry so I started doing some stretches on my bed. One deep moan came up as I rose into a back bend. Cory's bed squeaked. And again. I shifted into a different pose....and moaned. Squeak. Squeak. I was in an inverted pose, my cock had been dangling; now was filling up. Squeak. I heard a quiet moan from him. 

I wished my futon made noise....but from when I was with the dorm girls I knew it only made noise with the heaviest fucking going on. I grabbed lube and let the sloppy squishes and little moans build. His squeaks were constant now. I thought about going next door, but he kept to himself so much I didn't think it best. When I imagined him laying there spanking it; I realized I'd never seen him in the shower, never seen him nude. 

His squeaks were getting deeper and closer together and a low long moan was clearly audible. I was really getting into this. I didn't want to spew but like in the shower earlier felt a definite orgasm building. I slid a juicy finger into my hole, "Oh yes." The deepest creak so far answered that. I was really close to losing it. "Oh. Oh. I'm close." I heard the sound of him pounding his cock on his pube now. He was really into it.

Then, "oh damn!' thru the wall and chaotic squeaks and grunts. 

I had a similar "oh damn', but kept myself from shooting by squeezing the base of my cock. I was however scrambling all over my bed as I tormented my ass. "I'm cominnnnggg!" Not too loud but an answering grunt told me he'd heard it. As I caught my breath I realized I was soaked in sweat, lotion and...well ass smell. I shrugged and headed to the shower. 

I'd just turned on the water when Cory lumbered in, "Hey man. Thanks that was great!"

"Aw fuck. I'm sorry. I haven't seen my gal in weeks." He just stood there in flannels and T-shirt. 

"Don't be sorry. That was natural. You came in here to do something. Just relax and do it, k?" He'd not even looked at me. He turned on the shower furthest from me and keeping modest stripped. "Cory, really. It's ok. No drama, my friend." He finally peeked down at me and a shy smile flitted across his face.

I kept to hygiene, out of instinct. When I finished rinsing off; I dried quick, not pressing him to anything. I caught a glimpse of his front when I dropped the towel in the basket. He was amazing: about 6'2", perfect 'V' to his upper body, thick well shaped thighs and ass. No 6 pack, but the look of a sheet of muscle. And my gawd whatta cock! I brushed my teeth. He was drying off.

"Zach?"

"Yeah man?" 

"I. Well that didn't feel like cheating..."

Oh wow. I spit out toothpaste. How to proceed? "Cory, now I'm sorry. I never meant to add to any distress you may have. I only wanted to give and share pleasure. We're really different. No, I don't think that was cheating. I, I don't really know what to say...and maybe I'm not the best to talk about this with as I'm the one who shared in it with you. Who can you talk to?"

"My buddy, Jase...he'll help me see clear....I don't want you to be sorry either....ok? I'm tired and this may seem bigger than it really is....."

I wanted to hug him....he looked like the biggest little boy in the world with a broken promise freshly stinging. "Will you promise me something? Sleep on it, decide to talk to Jase or not. Then get back to me ok? I'll do whatever I can to help you out, if I need to make something right, I'll do what I can, ok?"

"Yeah, yeah. Thanks." I was amazed to see him turn, naked and walk towards his door. I scooped up his flannels and called out his name. He grinned sheepishly and took them from me. I had a flash of a thought that he was not really fully awake...sleep walking? Sleep wanking?