 I jogged back to the house. My phone was flashing texts, three all from J. The first was just, "WOW!!!" The second was, "Mom ran late. Sorry, will get back to you." The third was, "OK dinner done, driving back now, see you at 815. Long drive, text details of your day?"

I sat on my bed and texted a brief of the yoga shower scene; it took me a bit and seemed too unreal in that format. It was just 730, so I had time on my hands. Five minutes later, J's text arrived.

"Because of you:" with a picture of his thick cock sitting on the steering wheel of his truck. 

"BAHAHAHA" I texted back. "I'm gonna go hang downstairs with the boys....be safe."

"So you've edged four, no five times today? Daaaamn, this one's only second for me...."

"Think you can keep it up all the way home?" I had the urge to know he was jacking off right then. 

"Count on it!" with a second pic of him naked in the truck, cock and belly shiny with lube. 

"I'm gonna go see if I can show off somehow too!" 

Then I got a text from an unknown number, I snatched the yoga schedule, it was Brett:   "hahaha...was that real?" 

"Hell yes!"

"Ugh, kids...signing off"

"Tmrrw."

"Tmrrw!"

"I'll have some time when they go to bed....need to let that all sink in. G'nite!"

Those little words rocked me. The last 48 hours....I'd never felt this alive, away from winning wrestling matches.....I didn't want to over think it....I changed out of my heavy sweater and put on a thin old zippered hoodie that was sleeveless. I kept my yoga shorts on, my butt cheeks just peeked out under the shirt and when I moved my 'cumchannels', my sexy abs and pelvis ridges flashed. And I could put my hands in the hoodie pockets, stretch it down and play with or expose my cock. I stood on the stair for a minute did just that. As I went downstairs I heard lots of noise from the main rooms, they sounded pretty drunk....On the third floor I heard a video game coming from a room on the back wing; I went that way guessing it was a friend and some guys I wasn't that close to.

In my friend Josh's room, he, Isaac and Bryce were arrayed in front of the large monitor playing in a world I didn't recognize. Their eyes only flashed to the door and all three grunted 'hey' in near unison. Isaac did a double take, one character (his?) hesitating on screen. 

He asked, "what's up, stud?"

"Just got back from yoga, had a private lesson from a teammate after. Feeling it!" The white lie was an invitation. Josh and Bryce barely moved, only their hands clicking away. 

"What'd ya focus on?" Isaac flicked his gaze at my shorts. He was in a T-shirt and basketball shorts. They shushed us, we were talking over them. He was the farthest from the door and it was dark. I moved into the room and shuffling behind them got over to his side. Isaac turned in his swivel chair a bit. I sat on the corner of the bed, my legs wide framing Isaac's right knee. It was close, stuffy and warm so I unzipped the hoodie all the way and flipped it open. I leaned back on my elbows, exposed from neck to pube. Isaac's hands didn't seem to be as busy as the other two.

"Where'd ya go, what was the focus of the private session?" Isaac murmured out of the side of his mouth. 

"Yamhill studio, of course. Ran into teammate Brett and his girl. After the regular, Brett and I did core, abs and pelvis. Deep stuff, pretty releasing." I flexed my biceps and pecs; Isaac scratched his beard. I rolled my hips a bit. 

"NICE!!" Isaac said. Bryce and Josh shushed him. "Let me find a secure zone and get outta this game, I got a date tonight anyway."

Bryce and Josh mimicked him, "I got a date tonight anyway!"

Isaac ended his game and in a ninja like move smacked both gamers on the back of the head and was in the hall, "Come talk to me, a real person, Z, while I get ready to go OUT!" 

I laughed as Bryce and Josh mimicked him again in unison as we walked away. 

Isaac's room was right across the hall. He grabbed a towel and a small bag, "Are the showers in your wing less busy?" 

"Yeah, there are four showers on two floors instead of two showers on two floors." My hoodie hung open; my pube was exposed as was the crack of my ass. 

"Cool, let's go up. I go to Yamhill Tuesday and Thursday, never seen you there. What's Brett look like, maybe I know him." Isaac took his long super curly hair out of the tieback and ran a hand thru it.

"I usually practice in my room, go to Yamhill on weekends, no weekday classes fit my schedule. Brett is a black belt, copper hair, freckles, he helps around..."

"Oh yeah real quiet kinda guy. I've seen him. Seems nice. He teaches yoga?" we'd reached the shower room on my floor. No one was in, the whole wing seemed quiet. 

"No. not teach, but has lots of mat time too." Isaac turned on a shower, dropped his shorts and flung his shirt onto the seat. I was surprised that his bush was neatly trimmed and his balls were bare. His beard and curly hair were deceiving. "After I helped him clean up, we went into the shower room and did a few extra poses, checking form and such. We got pretty deep and worked hard. We showered after." 

Isaac was avoiding wetting his hair, and then tied it back up again. His back was to me. It was warm; I took off my hoodie and sprawled on the seat between the showers. "mmm. Is it always so quiet up here?" He looked at me and his gaze settled on my pube and bulge. 

"Some mornings its busy, occasional afternoon too. But yeah I take lots of time in here, no one really cares what ya do, I go easily between here and my room with nothing on...I shave my bits in here....I get in here a couple times a day after my workouts, I do what I want ....I've no problem relaxing in here like I was alone. I've spanked it a few times." I was again inviting him to turn the topic hot....

"Nice. I'll have to come here late night some time....did you guys turn on the heat lamps back there? I love that space. I rented out the small studio for a while when I had time to give massage professionally." He had spent all this time just letting water run down his front. I leaned forward and grabbed his shorts, folded them quick and set them on his T. When I sat back I pushed my shorts lower. 

"Yeah, it was like a spa back there. We actually did some deeper warriors poses in the shower. Spent some time just getting into the steam, heat and that great soap they have: it's so slippery. Felt great." He finally turned, yup, he was chubbing. I rolled my eyes up and down him. 

"Nice, I did naked yoga a lot in Hawaii, I miss that." He began soaping his legs, ass away from me. 

"Yeah I do yoga naked in my room almost every day at some point. It really helps connect me with my body, with my sensual being. It was nice chilling with Brett, like being in the locker room without the ass-hole clowning!" I ran my hand over my shoulder pecs and upper abs. Isaac saw.

"We should totally do yoga. I didn't know you were that into it, that you were that natural about it." He rinsed his legs, did his arms and his back real quick. His dick swung with every move, hadn't gotten harder, but hadn't gotten softer either. 

"Sounds great! Anytime we can make time. I think there's room in my room for two if we put the chair up. Naked yoga in Hawaii would be fucking amazing!" I pushed my hips up; my shorts rode down my hips some more. The base of my cock was just now at my waist band.

Isaac lathered his chest and under arms, then slid both hands down his abs, stopping to go out around his hips, cupping his ass. He was looking at his own crotch. "Yeah, during my massage training we lived genders separate, spent most of the time with the guys, so naked yoga with the guys was a usual thing." 

"Oh man, I forget you do massage. I had a half assed 'massage' from the PT day after an early training session. It sucked; people were coming and going. He barely spent any time on my abs, quads or hamstrings. I felt..."

He interrupted me, "More tense than before he started?"

"YUP."

"Too bad man. Yeah I still give body work from time to time. I've got a share in a studio over Clark Station, but I keep that info to myself. It's too much sometimes with school and work study job."

"I get ya. Can I get some work from ya, something not rushed and holistic, inclusive?" He was showing more cock now. He re washed his chest and abs. I put one hand on my navel fingers spread. 

"You're saying some magic words...." The lather kinda dripped onto his pubes.

"My ex was a chiro's assistant she taught me a lot. I'd be happy to trade body work. I don't like all technical touch; the whole person should be touched, it's a kind of conversation, ya know?"

As he was lathering his pubes we kept a steady gaze on each other. The closer his hands got to his dick, the more I showed mine. "I think there is always a holistic connecting when we massage someone. My girl taught me to honor that. I miss it in just PT massage." 

He wasn't cleaning his dick, he was stroking for me. I lifted my cock out. It rose without me touching it. "We got some more to share about this." He rinsed off. "I gotta run, only because it's my family, I can't stay." 

Isaac walked over bobbing cock leading the way. I hadn't really touched my self but was aching. As he dried off he stayed hard. "Are you going to go soft?" I laughed. 

"Whew! I dunno. I can't be late, Dad'll kill me." He looked at the wall clock. 7:55. "He'll be here in about 5 minutes, damn." 

I stood up, "Sorry man, I didn't mean...."

"No, not your fault. I could've left gaming hours ago...."

I was starting to soften, his less so. "Listen I'm pretty booked the next couple of days, but less connect, let's share yoga. I don't mean to put you on the spot about massage."

"Naw, you're just the kinda client I wish for, male or female. In touch and communicative. We'll hook up for sure. Maybe I'll just knock on your door for yoga until we connect?"

"Perfect. Lets say it's an open invite either way, yoga and massage?"

He grinned and managed to wrap a towel around is semi...