 Still naked we threw the damp towels in the drier, and with a shared smile went upstairs and pissed side by side. I snagged my lotion; salt water really dried me out. We chatted about the upcoming holidays and our birthday after. We quickly lotioned together, again doing each other's backs...the comfort of him was so calming.

I fixed lunch while he built up another fire. We ate sitting on the couch watching the pregame shows on satellite. We got into the first football game of the day; we draped an arm or a calf over each other often. At half time Jason said, "You know what I want to do for our birthday?"

"What, or should I say who?" I laughed when he smiled back at me.

"Frankie." He held my eye for a long breath. Our older brother. "Let's spend New Year's and our birthday with Frankie."

I opened my laptop. He was online. I messaged him thru his email. His dark eyes lit up when he saw us thru the webcam, naked on the couch in the cabin. "What the hell are you two up to out there?" He angled his camera to pan down to him sitting shirtless in his condo. 

"We were just planning our birthday..." Jason started.

"We thought we'd come stay with you..." I finished the sentence.

His eyes darted, he slowly smiled. "Mom will have a cow...she always wants you to in town for your birthday..."

Jason countered, "And we've never said otherwise..."

"This year, it's our choice..."

Jason completed the thought, "...To spend it with you..."

Again he looked long at us..."Yeah. Let's party...who's gonna tell Mom."

We answered together, "we will."

"She made a counseling appointment for us. I just had the thought that Zach and I would do some intervention with her then. It's time she lets go some..."

Frankie's eyebrows went up...someone called him off camera, he told them, "in a minute, it's my brothers...listen, guys. New Years and birthday it is...let me know when the counseling appointment is. I need to say some things too..." His color changed. The family anger was rising, but this was different. I felt like it was time to deal with the shit. "I've got a lady friend over...we're on our way to brunch. Let's make a plan together, alright?"

"When we get back, we'll chat online again..."

"But the main thing is: our birthday at your place..." I looked at Jason as I said that to Frankie. We three nodded together, and then Frankie signed off. Jason slapped my belly and gave a whoop. He jumped up and dashed upstairs, closing the bathroom door behind him. I heard the toilet seat bang down...a minute later the flush of the toilet. I was idly checking emails and game schedules. School was officially closed for tomorrow, for both of us. I yelled that upstairs. I heard Jason walking around in the big bedroom overhead. I needed to take a dump then too. Our bodies always synchronized quickly. 

As I got to the toilet, I heard heavy thumping from the bedroom. I had no idea what he was doing but would check in when I finished. As I got up and flushed I saw my tube of lotion was gone from the sink shelf. The thumping ended and I heard Jason call, "hey Ri?"

I turned the corner to look into the big bedroom. It had always been us boys' room with more space and two sets of bunk beds, the family dog slept in the fourth when we were all out here. Jason was kneeling on one of the bunk beds. He'd taken one of the stacked beds apart and pushed the three frames together. Now the whole middle of the room was three full sized beds in a row, with one bunk still on top of another.

He was kneeling, lotion in one hand...a question hung between us...

"yep." Was all I said. I knelt close to him; he tackled me in a rush. We wrestled and groped. When we were sweating and breathing hard, Jason grabbed the tube of lotion and with a small fppbbllltt sound squirted a worm of it on my pube as he hovered over me. He lowered his hot dick against mine and rolled his hips to spread the lotion. We ground together, Jason supporting himself over me on his hands. 

The fuck motion came quickly. The tension towards our orgasms was wildly building. Our bellies were slapping together. We were grunting and grinning. I twisted his nips hard and he arched higher and harder over me...I met his hard humps. We locked looks.

We came. Together and together.

We'd shared that girl; we'd jacked off together a few times...this was just release and more than just release. Sticky and slippery we lounged until our sweat cooled. I could hear the game on the TV downstairs. As one we got up and had a quick rinse in the sink.

Nothing need saying. We watched the rest of the game lounging close on the couch. A second game immediately followed on another channel. We snacked. 

At half-time, Jason opened his email and drafted a letter to our family counselor, detailing our plan to have a meeting together with Mom. I read thru it made a few modifications and copied Frankie. Frankie got back to us in ten minutes. We sent it off, with a request to not tell Mom or Dad. Jason and I hi-fived. 

The second half of the second game was a nail biter. We sat or paced watching it. It was getting dark outside and the temp was dropping. I turned the heat up even higher, not caring. Jason stoked the fireplace. Our phones beeped. Without looking we said smiling at each other, "Hot Sam!"

It was. We told him we were about to fix dinner and to hurry over. Jason started fixing salmon for dinner. I called from the living room, "two questions: do we get dressed? And do you have any condoms?"

"I think there are old boxers upstairs...let's see how he rolls. Nope. No rubbers, you got any anywhere? Your car?"

"OH! My gym bag is in the back..." naked I flung open the door and dashed under the carport. Sure enough I had two rubbers tucked into my gym bag. It was a quick trip but cooold. Jason yelled at me when I put my cold hands on his ball sack from behind, between his legs. 

Ducking his swing, laughing I dashed upstairs to see what clothes we'd left at the cabin. A few pair of jeans and T-shirts, some sweaters...ah, and then four pair of underwear. I recognized one as my own from a few years back. I slipped them on. They were old trunk style boxers. The barely fit over my bubble butt. There was a gap at my pube and my two globes of ass poked out over and under. Hot! I took the other three pair down to Jason. 

I held up a grey thin pair of boxer briefs. "I think these are all Frankie's..."

Jason grabbed the gray pair and put them on...I reached over and turned the waist band down a couple of turns, his sexy pube was bare and his ass floated on top of his thighs. Best of all whenever he moved his cock peeked out of the fly...I felt the deep sexy ache building. Jason turned away from the stove for a second..."he'll be the center of things, alright?"

"Yep." I grinned "we've only got two condoms dammit!" We laughed. I could tell, could feel Jason's excitement. His cock was rising inside the pouch of his briefs. I dropped into some pushups and lunges. Jason pointed to the lean-to door. I remembered the free weights and brought in a couple of dumbbells. We got pumped and primed. We heard a rumble and gravel squelch on the road below. We looked out the kitchen window and could just make out thru the trees the bed of a red pickup.

Our phones beeped a text, "Where y'at?"

I picked my phone and called him, "Back up ten feet take the drive way behind the giant hemlock...then take a hard right...we see you below us..."

The rattle and bounce of the old pick-up as he parked it behind my car could be heard thru the walls of the cabin. Jason and I had a nice pump and glow on. Sam climbed down out of the truck; I could see him thru the full length glass storm door. He was a bright spot of deep crimson and orange. His hoodie had "SUNSET" in deep blue letters. He tapped on the door, we yelled him in. He ducked his eyes when he closed the door. 

I sat in the kitchen, just visible in the cut out on the wall between the living room and kitchen. I actually liked seeing his shyness. It was real like Brett's or Cory's, but not with the awkwardness of either. I stood and walked to shake his hand, to draw him in. His eyes shined as he took in my near nakedness. He said, "It is warm in here!" not a complaint, but an appreciation. 

"Make yourself comfortable..." I said

"Yeah, nos casa es su casa..." Jason yelled from the kitchen, "Hope you like salmon..."

He glanced around for a second as we stood there. Suddenly he shrugged and lifted his hoodie off, bare chested with a small of amount of nipple hair and a hot, hot treasure trail that disappeared into a deep blue pair of briefs under the orange of his sweats. I grinned and folded my arms, leaning against the door to the kitchen. He pulled the string on the waist of his sweats. They slid off. The deep blue boxers were almost see thru and hugged his basket really nicely. The clear line of his head was plainly visible. He sighed and stretched up on his toes.

"Thank gawd that feels great!" He grinned like a puppy suddenly.

I clapped his shoulder and pulled him into the steamy kitchen. The salmon was poaching in cider and veggies were cut for the sauté. Jason turned and gave him a half hug. I saw his eyes stay low not in shyness, but in hunger. 

"I'm starved, anything will be great. That cider is a great idea for the salmon...can I help with anything?" He looked between us as he nosed around the stove. He seemed completely at ease. Jason shook his head and pointed at the table and chairs. We sat.

Jason pulled three glasses out of the cupboard, "Sam, we are gonna break training and have a drink or two. We're pretty light-weight when it comes to drinking. How 'bout you?"

"Oh. Thanks. I don't drink and drive ever. You guys go ahead tho..."

I held a hand to Jason before he poured. "Do you want to have a drink? If you didn't have to drive later?" He nodded at my question.

"So...call your dad and ask him if he minds if you have a drink or two and sleep it off here...better to get permission than ask for forgiveness...Our Dad's ideal..."

He looked back and forth, picked up his phone, set it down, shifted and cleared his throat...Jason and I let the silence fill with our comfort. Sam blew out the breath he was holding and picked up his phone. 

"Hey. Dad. Yeah I found it, I called for directions. Can I ask you something?"

The little pause on his father's end was enough to make him shake a bit, he swallowed, and "the guys are fixing dinner, salmon. They asked if I wanted to have a glass of hard cider with dinner...I'd like to, but won't drive if I do..." there was stillness from him as his father spoke, "no, you don't have to come get me, I haven't drank anything...and no you wouldn't have to come later...there's tons of room here in the cabin...Dad. I kinda need some time to myself, alright?"

There was no noise from either. He was picking at the edges of the table. Then he looked up at me, "I guess it's better to ask permission than beg forgiveness, Dad." I felt Jason grin behind me and I leaned forward, "thanks Dad. Love you too. Yeah I'll be in to work at eight...oh...really? No no problem...thanks!" He pushed to disconnect and blew out another breath raising his eyebrows at me. 

"He switched my hours; I don't have to be in until noon, now! He called me his little man, something he's never done before." He was dazed and I could see the relief sinking into his bones. Sam spun his phone on the table.

Jason set our glasses of cider in front of us. He sat down and raised his glass, "to growing up in our parents eyes!" I knew he also meant our decision to confront Mom. We clinked glasses and took small sips. I told Sam about our idea to meet Mom in counseling. He looked even more relieved.

Jason asked, "What? What's that look for?"

Sam smiled, "I'm just really glad to know you two aren't THAT perfect!"

Jason shot back, "well we couldn't have dreamed up a better random meeting than you...!"

Sam blinked and gulped his cider, spilling a fat drop onto his waistband. I dabbed at it with a dish towel and noticed the tiny beads of sweat on his chest.

"Is it too hot in here, Sam?"

"Naw. I'm just a bit nervous...this is way, way out of my usual day-to-day life..."

Jason set our plates down and we ate for a sec in silence. "So Sam, tell us about your workouts right now..."

He sighed with relief and we spent a few minutes just comparing notes about fitness. When he was talking, he seemed alright, but if the conversation lagged he began to squirm. I pushed my plate back and threw my arm up over the back of my chair, my other hand I dropped to hook my thumb in my the leg band of my tight boxers. I nodded at Jason. "Sam. Chill, buddy. Nothing you don't want is gonna happen. If we all just talk and hang out, that's great. Jason and I really understand each other with a look, always have. My other guys and gals, my lovers, we have an agreement. We talk. We reach understandings, we live to the agreement that we talk things out first...I, we, want you to be at ease, alright?"

"If we are too open and that makes you uncomfortable, we'll chill, ok?" Jason grinned his warmest. "Zach and I have shared a couple of lovers, but if we don't tonight all get together, it's great to make a new friend..."

"I mean I hope we're all on the same page, Jason and I want to share you...but not if you're not into us or not ready...tell us what you have in mind...alright?"

He had looked back and forth like he was at a tennis match, the pink of his ear tips rapidly spreading to his cheeks and neck. He rubbed a hand over his stubbly short hair. He took a last gulp of his cider. I was worried he'd get too drunk...he pushed his glass to the side and folded his hands in front of him.

"I've been with one guy a handful of times. He's an assistant coach...we had to be really cautious. I have to be really careful out here...I can't wait to get to the city..." He deflated, "hopefully this next fall, 10 months!"

He stood and paced a few steps, then stopped, placing his hands on his head, "I keep fearing I'm gonna wake up or y'all are gonna start laughing meanly at me..." we shook our heads encouraging him, "gawddam I wanna fuck guys! I wanna just be outta my head with it..." this came out in a rush and barely loud enough to hear. 

Jason and I laughed in the same breath...I started, "the only problem we have..."

Sam looked so worried.

Jason finished, "...is that we have only two condoms!" Jason mimicked Sam's worried look.

Sam yelled a laugh and dashed out the front door into the sleet. He came back with a paper bag that held a box of ten condoms..."I bought the only box at the gas station on the way here..." He dumped the bag on the counter. Jason stood and put on hand on Sam's chest.

"Why don't you take a shower? That'll slow you down a bit...calm you down..." Jason put his other hand oh Sam's hip. He tiptoed up and offered Jason his lips...seeing Jason take the kiss and crush Sam's mouth was so fucking hot...I tugged my waistband down and stood next to them. I pulled Sam's wet lips away from my brother and kissed him just as hard. Jason dropped his boxer's right then. Sam's boner looked almost painful it was so hard thru his tight shorts. Jason hooked a thumb into the crack of my ass and I squirmed against it as he pushed my briefs off...together we slid Sam's blue briefs off his ass, then down his thighs.

Our motion was followed by a clear streamer of precum. I said, "Let's all rinse off, cool down in the shower, k?"

"Wait guys...I can't take it...I have not come in almost 4 months...we're remodeling our house, I sleep in the same room as three of my little brothers...I can't even jack off in the shower at home or the gym...someone's always around..." he swallowed, "so I'm asking...just get me off quick once, so I can relax a bit...please?"

"You learn quick, my friend..." Jason pushed him towards the lean-to door. He was confused until he saw the larger open shower. I have to admit that his nervous sweat smell was a little off-putting. I added, "Let's rinse off, then we'll just see about getting you off..." Jason's eyes reflected my wicked little gleam. The blats of steamy hot water filled the cool space instantly.

I stepped in, then Jason. Sam slipped in between us. He was just under my height but easily 25 pounds lights. He had strands of muscle on his legs and back. His sparse bush was black like his treasure trail. He had a fuzzy tight ass. His hard-on swung and throbbed with every move we made. We soaped him up. He moaned and squirmed between us, under our touch, we teased him a little, but it really looked like he was either gonna cry with frustration of shoot immediately. Jason turned off the water, and I took his balls and lead him back into the cabin. We dried him off in the kitchen and Jason poured a couple fingers more cider into each glass.

He asked, "Sam. How do you want to come first?" We toasted the question.

He licked his lips. He opened and closed his mouth a couple of times. He took a step forward and back, "Anyway I ask...?" His eyes were then darting between our cocks and faces. We'd both sprung about ¾ hard. Like other things we had identical cocks. Mine looked bigger as I was shorter. Sam's was an inch or so smaller but touched his belly in its hardness.

We nodded, "anything reasonable, sure..." Jason answered.

"I, I want to lay back and get head...from both of you...I want to just feel you guys all over my cock...and ass..." The blush deepened to the point where even his belly was a little pink. I took his balls in my hand again and led him to the couch. Jason snagged a heavy drop of olive oil with a wink at me. 

I kissed Sam as I settled him back on the overstuffed couch; he groan became a whine as I continued the kiss while Jason smeared olive oil down the shaft and into his crack. Without warning Sam rolled back, grabbed his thighs and said in a near whisper, "Please...make me come..."

Jason and I attacked. We pinned his thighs to his chest, one on each side. We tongued the back of his knees and worked our way down to tickle the edges of his hips and pube. Sam was alive under our touch, breathing deep thru his nose. Jason hooked one finger around the base of his cock...he looked me n the eye...I could see his excitement at the thought of me taking in that hard dick. 

"Sam?" I delayed the moment a sec, "Do you want me to suck you cock?"

He nodded.

I leaned back and louder said, "Sam you gotta say it, you gotta ask for it...out loud. WE want to hear your pleasure.'

Jason stroked a little on Sam's fuzzy ass cheek, "You gotta let it out, stud."

"Dammit. Make me come, please, Suck my cock, Zach!" It wasn't loud but it was clear.

Even before he was done with my name I had the head in my mouth, stretching my lips tight and wet. Jason licked him balls up, to meet my lips and tongue. "FUCK!!" Sam bucked upward. I felt a gush of precum; I backed off and let it trail down from my tongue. Jason lapped it up as he went down to the base.

We swapped deep throating him stroke for stroke. Sam became a single tight coil. Jason and I met tongue and lips on just the head and tormented the ridge until Sam yelled, "Gawddam, please guys, please!" We sped up, getting firmer and deeper. We all three we sweaty and grunting; Jason and I were kneeling, legs entwined together on the floor. I grabbed Sam's head and gripped as Jason held his cock deep in his throat. I buried my tongue for the first time in Sam's ass. Jason gagged and back off when Sam hunched up on my tongue's wetness. Jason and I dug into his ass together, not touching his deep red shiny dick. WE were basically French kissing each other and his ass. 

Jason squirmed and we were then pressed cock to cock, belly to belly our tongues lapping and drilling Sam's hot little ass. I was getting hot enough I knew Jason and I would come if were wanted to...Sam's eyes drank us in between his thighs...he seemed to have stopped breathing; I don't think his muscles could have clenched tighter. Jason took my hand and in one motion we slid our middle fingers into the first ring of Sam's opening ass...
