 I decided that while enjoying my short vacation away from Boston, I should include at least one sexy trip to one of Montreal's famously sexy gay men's saunas. I am bi-sexual and I enjoyed a couple of hot flings with two different older men when I was in my late teens a few years earlier. I am told I have decent looks and I have found that my swimmers style smooth, slim, lightly muscled body generally attracts most men. I am short at about 5'6" tall, have at 30 inch waist and flat stomach and about 150 lightly muscled pounds. Many guys and gals have told me that I'm at least "cute". My blondish streaked light brown hair gives me that young lifeguard look and my first man told me that my sexy "bubble butt" was the kind that deserved "lots of attention" from any "real man!"

Going to a gay sauna was a new experience for me. I had visited one before but had not dared to get sexual the first time I went. I was feeling quite in need for a man as it had been quite a while since I had had guy to guy sex. I had been in a relationship with a gal for quite a while before breaking up due to my need for exploring. I had been working out and I was feeling quite trim and very horny. Having an early summer tan made me feel a little more confident as I entered this seedy almost scary dark place!

The sauna was called "GI Joe" and by reputation supposedly catered to Masculine Dominant men. This made my two gay experiences a few years ago "as a boy with an older man" seem to be the reasonable if not at least a logical fit for what I hoped to find. It was early in the evening and I paid for a private room with a mirror and video. I stripped in my room and decided to wear only my favorite sexy black jock strap to explore the facility in. I left my towel behind and daringly began to walk through the three levels of the sauna in hope of getting comfortable and in the hope of finding a handsome, hot guy.

I was amazed at the blatantly open sexual representations, posters, and furnishings in the common areas of the sauna. On the second level near to where my room was there was a leather and chain link sling in one dark corner with mirrors surrounding it on the wall! Just looking at it made me wonder what it was all about! An all-male porn movie played on a screen on the wall in another corner where there was wide stair like levels against the wall to sit and watch the movies in near darkness. In the movie a guy was being deeply fucked and a couple of men were standing nearby in their towels watching what was happening on the screen intently. Downstairs there was an even darker dungeon like area that had 2 more slings, a Bondage Style Cross and several glory holes and dividers in an area so dark that I could barely see. I suddenly could see virtually nothing as it was so dark. I was quite surprised when I felt a powerful arm go around my chest as I was pulled close to an obviously very large and strong man. 

I was frozen in fear and yet I was quivering in a bizarre sense of excitement as he whispered in my ear that I needed to get down on my knees! He was holding me hard and fast while pinching my nipples from behind and I swear the odd pain sensation caused my seven inch cock to swell instantaneously! I could feel his hard powerful naked body and his very large cock directly against my bottom - which in my jock strap was fully vulnerable. "Are you ready to suck Daddy's big cock little boy?" He asked menacingly. I was shocked and in disbelief. I knew saunas were quite "open in the sexual sense" but I was scared silly and I didn't know what to do. Fearfully I decided I should do what the big strong guy wanted!

A weak "Yes Daddy" was all I could muster in a tentative, obedient and confused reply. There was role playing in the gay world like this that I had heard about and I figured I should play along – at least for the time being. He guided me with is strong hands on my shoulders to my knees and shamelessly shoved his oversized cock head right into my reluctant mouth. It was ridiculously huge, circumcised and thick and I was soon trying my best to suck the head of it while somehow managing to breathe while it just got bigger and bigger. Almost immediately it soon filled my entire throat. I was quite helpless and gasping for air as his thick powerful hands were on both sides of my head as he guided my head and his powerful greedy thrusts into my somewhat willing but half choked mouth. His fat, thick hardening cock was soon pounding the back of my throat as I held on desperately to his knees to steady myself with my hands to keep from being knocked over backwards from his thrusts.

I was being used thoroughly and with so much intensity that I just did my best to try to indulge him and please him. Strangely and mysteriously I found my predicament even a little stimulating and almost perversely exciting. I soon realized that others were watching me "service" this dominant powerful man in the middle of this darkened dungeon area. I was perhaps quite embarrassed but I was now helplessly straining to please him while taking his huge thick boner until his balls were soon pounding and spanking my chin. I didn't think taking a man so deeply was humanly possible as I continued to gag and choke on him yet he would not relent in his needful fury. I just couldn't believe what was happening and felt so overwhelmed and helpless when suddenly he lifted me to my feet. 

He grabbed the waist band of my black jock strap and commanded me with "Off Boy!" - As he pulled my jock strap down hard to my ankles as I clumsily tried to step out of it. Shockingly my own hard cock sprung out like a tightly wound spring as I quite embarrassingly noticed that I too was quite hard from the helplessness and shameless eroticism of my situation. I apparently must have felt quite a sense of personal stimulation from doing my "work" on him. I felt so humiliated and also even naughty when I saw his face well above me. He was a foot taller and had a massive thick muscular body and a ruggedly handsome face. His hair was longish and brown and he then suddenly demanded the keys to my room.

My key was on an elastic band on my wrist and I never had a chance to understand what was happening. I handed it to him with the thought that I was giving him access to my room but I soon learned that I my assumption was quite wrong. He handed my jock strap and my keys to a strange man who must have known him and that man suddenly disappeared! "You are mine boy!" The huge powerful man announced to me sternly. "You won't leave this place with any clothes until you please your new Daddy! You had better do as you are told or else! Follow me!" He growled in an almost angry tone!

I was in no position to object! I was fully "naked and keyless" and completely at his mercy in this kinky gay men's sauna. I had no access to my clothes or room any longer and I had little choice but to follow this powerful and intimidating man wherever he was going. I was naked, afraid and without any choices. He led me to the top floor by my wrist where a couple of men stood outside a large room with an open door. "Got me a slave boy" he bragged loudly to them. "If he's a good boy he'll get fucked, spanked, paddled and please his Daddy if he wants to get out of here later with his clothes, money and keys! Otherwise he'll have to run naked out into the street!" The men laughed loudly and seemed as delighted by my predicament as "Daddy".

I was horrified and my heart sank as he took me into the room and sat me on the large double bed laying me over his lap. He left the room door wide open and I soon found that I was quivering in fear and shame, I never felt more helpless in my life. "Daddy" was in full control of me as he spanked me hard on my exposed soft ass with his huge powerful hand. The shocking stings and the loud spanking sounds filled the room and could probably be heard on the entire level of the sauna. 

He then spanked me so hard that I cried out with a shockingly loud yelp. "Don't be such a sissy boy. I like good boys with hot red asses and you need to thank Daddy for that! You are getting ten more to start and you had better count and thank me for each one!" After the next spank I replied "One – Thank You Daddy" as he had demanded and ordered of me. Soon I got another and another until I was struggling like a quivering child as we got to eight. "Don't lose count boy! Or you get ten more!" I knew I had to remain focused knowing I could not handle ten more of his viciously harsh and stinging spanks!

When he finished the tenth hard spank I was near tears. I felt so helpless and I was almost in a trance. I was accepting my reality when he reached into a duffle bag and took out a thick, black, leather strap while I still lay across his lap! It turned out that it was a collar and it was soon being fastened around my neck and the buckles were held strong and tightly around my neck. I heard a small click. It was closed completely with a small pad lock! How could I object now I thought? He then took a black leather leash and attached it to the large steel ring in front of the collar.

"Now you are my slave boy!" He said teasingly and almost gregariously. I was now feeling and agreeing that I was truly his "slave boy" now and my head was spinning in confusion. The next surprise was the steel handcuffs that he was soon attaching to my wrists behind me. I now felt he had made my helpless state absolute and complete – or so I thought! I was horrified as I soon saw that he wasn't near done with me as soon he had me stand and rubbed a little lubricant on my anal opening! He shoved his finger into my ass as I yelped in surprise and pain, He soon inserted the handle of what looked to be a whip suddenly as I gasped in horror and yet in sharper and intense initial pain!

The man known as "Daddy" again reached into this bag and pulled out a couple more things that I couldn't quite make out clearly. Soon I found what he called nipple clamps being quite painfully attached to my nipples as a black colored chain hung attached between them. "Daddy" then took a piece of black colored cord and wrapped it around my balls tying it so tightly that my erection began to hurt! 

I felt completely without hope and couldn't believe the helpless and embarrassing state I had been placed in. Now Daddy grabbed the leash and the cord tied so firmly around my balls and led me out of the room. "Lose your tail and you'll get the cane slave boy. Fail to obey me and you'll get spanked and whipped. I suggest you have no choice but to be a very obedient boy!" I saw the cane in his hand and I knew that Daddy was not making an idle threat! This was crazy and unbelievable. I did as I was told!

I was whimpering and shaking yet in desperation I knew I must obey him. I believed I had no choice but to obey as I took deep breaths while struggling mightily to clench the whip handle firmly inside my anus and bowels as I was led literally now by the balls in complete nakedness and vulnerability through the hallways. The pain of the nipple clamps and walking with my hands cuffed behind me made me feel like a bizarrely helpless half human, half animal creature with a tail! He walked me in front of a mirror and I looked ridiculous. I was collared, had a raging erection, clamps and chain burning on my nipples and my hands cuffed and locked behind my back. The 3 foot long leather tail coming out of my ass made me look ridiculous and even like some kind of inhuman boy slave alien!

Soon Daddy's hard yanks of the cord on my balls forced my concentration and obedience to rise to another new level. I was helplessly being paraded around as "his" property and I was the spectacle of the entire sauna and it was getting quite busy now. Daddy had men feel my cock and ass. Daddy let them spank or even pinch me! I was led into the main movie room where there was a bench like amphitheater. I was put on my knees on the first level as Daddy commanded me to suck him as he warned me to be a very good boy.

I've never experienced such true helplessness or anything remotely like this. Holding both sides of my head with his huge hands Daddy used my mouth and face for his pleasure. I so struggles as I gagged, choked, and almost threw up as his monstrous cock filled my throat and more. He played with my nipple clamps pulling on them as I winced and whined while stuffed in full with his hard thrusting manhood. He kept me from falling on my face with my arms handcuffed behind me yet even pulled on the cord on my balls at times to remind me he was in full control. Then I felt someone playing with my "tail" shoving and twisting the whip handle deeper into my insides. Daddy told me to suck harder as this other man began to paddle my naked already blistering hot red backside with some kind of sharp strap or paddle. To say I was in duress was understatement of my young life and this scene of helpless servitude and submission was beyond my comprehension. This was now about survival!

Little did I know that my "duress" was only beginning! I struggled to clench my anus to keep the whip handle inside me. Each "thwack" stung horribly while daddy continued to work his missile deeper into my helpless gagging convulsing throat. Suddenly Daddy ordered his friend to stop and take his place at my face. His friend at least used a condom as the orange rubber flavor was not exactly welcome but his cock was substantially smaller at least. I was being readied to take Daddy like he had threatened and as he removed the whip from my anus it was soon hastily replaced with his massive bulbously huge cockhead. I could only pray he used a condom as his hasty, forceful entry seared my sphincter and hurt so badly that my cries could be heard through my nose in spite of the new cock buried in my mouth and throat.

The men who were watching the porn move were now gathered round watching my degradation. This show was real and I was the centerpiece of this quite pornographic kink show. Daddy was so huge and so powerful in his thrusting that I was so completely overwhelmed that all I could hope for was to be able to breathe. I didn't think I could possibly take him yet eventually all of his huge man cock was pounded and worked deeply inside my smooth ass as Daddy was eventually reaming me thoroughly all the way to his huge balls. He pounded my insides with angry fury as his friend used my face while keeping me from falling with my hands stretched out behind me in the steel handcuffs. My duress continued as his friend soon came in the condom in my mouth and proudly spilled the remaining gooey contents and spurts of cum all over my face blinding my eyes as he continued to ejaculate on me with his still spewing hot seamen.

Suddenly Daddy seemed to be inspired by this event. He reamed me harder and harder only now I couldn't steady myself on my knees without help. I fell forward on the steps of the amphitheater face first where Daddy proceeded to pound my insides like I never imagined humanly possible. Not only was I a slave – I was a helpless fully restrained "boy", captive and sex machine whose only purpose was the reality of being the helpless pleasure object of these many strange and very horny gay men!

Soon other men came close with two men alternating and putting their condom covered cocks into my mouth while Daddy screwed my ass to the moon. Another man came in my face then another. Some were masturbating and I felt them spewing their cum all over my body. Daddy just continued to drive his cannon so deep into my insides that I lost any hope of escape or of an end to this madness. Daddy soon began spanking my bottom with his hands while fucking me and the noise was so loud that at least a dozen horny men were either watching or participating in this scene. Then I felt it. It came on like a freight train going a hundred miles an hour. Daddy was cumming but inexplicably, so was I!

Daddy's grunts and groans filled the entire three levels of the sauna. Daddy knew that he even had his slave orgasming in helpless wave after dizzying wave until I fell helplessly again flat on my face and stomach. The intensity of my orgasm was like an earthquake and bomb going off all at once. I saw stars and was confused, oddly happy, scared and yet perhaps even amazed. Daddy lay atop me for a moment and suddenly pulled out of me. I felt relieved but yet suddenly felt so empty. His cock had made me feel more than incredible and I was astonished and yet completely unnerved all at the same time. 

Daddy grabbed hold of my leash and he helped me stand. I was wobbly and dizzy yet he had mysteriously made me feel like I never felt before. I wanted to know more about this man and I felt an almost bizarre affection for him. He soon led me up the stairs to the hallway outside my room. He handed me my jock strap. He removed the lock from my collar and unfastened it from my neck. He unlocked and removed my handcuffs. He paused and warned me that there would be a burning sensation as he removed the clamps from my very sore nipples. I winced in pain as he removed them as he spanked my bottom hard, apparently to distract me.

Daddy then commanded me to thank him as he bent me over his lap on the floor of the hallway and made me count – each spank with a number and a thank you. "Two – Thank You Daddy!" Three – Thanks You Daddy!" I yelped after each powerful stinging spank. By ten my ass was once again feeling like it was on fire. "You were a good slave boy after all!" He said seeming pleased with me. Soon he was gone into the dark! 

My room had been opened and unlocked and as I went in I couldn't believe all of what had just happened. As my head cleared I looked at my watch and realized that I had "served" a man and many other men for over two full hours while naked, helpless and in bondage – I was made into a slave and a male slut and now I was getting dressed in my own clothing to leave and be a "normal guy" and to go home. My car keys and money were thankfully still in my pants pocket. I was still in disbelief. Nott even a handshake or a thank you from the man called Daddy yet he had made me orgasm like I never had in my whole young life!

I needed to escape the sauna yet. At the entry / exit desk the man winked and smiled at me as I handed him my towel. I told him I didn't have my key. "I have it young boy! You could have come and gotten it at any time if you wanted or needed it!" He said cheerfully yet in an ironically mocking manner. This had been some kind of common or pre-arranged game or scenario in which I had been "victim". To say I felt used and stupid was the understatement of my life!

In truth if I'd known about the availability of the room key – I'm sure that I would have probably taken advantage of my ability to escape! Incredibly this bondage and servitude scenario had a mysterious power that I will most certainly never forget. My experience was incredulous yet turned out to be far more scripted than I could have known. My ass was red hot for two days and I never dared go back! Somehow I knew that new doors had opened and the mystery of what had happened had a power and magic that went well beyond what I was prepared to fathom for now. 

Back at my hotel room that night I masturbated thinking and dreaming about the scene that had taken place. It had just seemed so unreal yet it was in fact quite real. I thought about this experience for months and realized after denying it for far too long that by going along with my captor - I was far more of a subservient than I ever knew. I must admit though - "Daddy" sure knew how to train and treat a good and obedient boy! If we were to meet again I just know deep down that I would once again submit to him or perhaps even beg to melt again under his powerful spell!