 I opened the door to the bathroom, took the two steps into the bedroom; J & D were side by side grunting in a heap of a 69. I put one knee on the edge of the bed and watched them. I went from ¾ to full hard...pulled the ridge of my cockhead over and over. The lube in my ass made me intimately aware of my need to come, to get fucked.

D seemed to sense that thought; smiling he raised up off of J's cock and suddenly standing at my side kissed me with the taste of J's precum on his tongue. J rolled onto his back, dangled his head off the bed and took my cock down his throat. I was able to go balls deep and pull out easily. J shifted and got his face in my ass crack. I moved from one knee on the bed to crouching over his tormenting tongue. I growled over my shoulder, "Dustin, please....fuck me..."

He'd slipped a condom on. J lifted me from below and wrestling us around put us in the middle of the bed. D's body heat poured on to my back. J pushed gently on my pecs and I was flat on my back between them. D angled then under my hips, twisting in my spine made my ass open and my face still connected to his. His kiss went right thru me. D lifted my thigh and J reached between my legs to aim D's cock at my ass.

D rubbed noses with me, "It's your move stud....do it, fuck my cock...or tell me what you want..." J was teasing my hole with D's cockhead. 

"D, fuck me, take my cherry...."

He wrapped his right arm thru the back of my knee almost holding my throat; I was wide open to him. The tension on my asshole increased as he leaned into me....I inhaled and he was in the first chamber of my hole.....I exhaled and he rubbed a little back and forth there. I inhaled as he pressured his was thru the inner ring. I curled my toes and held still as he slid home. 

The weight of him inside me set sweat trickling between my shoulder blades. He licked it off. I shuddered all over. I twisted my neck to suck his lips and tongue. His heat in my ass was building. I felt him swelling from inside. I breathed. He pulled until the ridge of his head was tugging on the inner ring, scraping my aching prostrate. The next balls deep push made me snarl. 

He stayed deep, but stroked the hard knot in my ass with his shaft. I was beginning to move counter to him....we were both sweating a bit....J kissed me and for one of the few times in my life I saw lights behind my closed eye lids. D spit on his hand and down stroked my cock as he pushed into my ass....my mouth and eyes flew open and I held on....

D fucked me....long slow strokes on my cock and perfectly timed pushes in and out of my ass....J rained kisses on our faces, lightly touching me here and there....

D bit my neck and then he told me, "You can come anytime you want...I feel it in you, crouched, waiting.....come for us stud...come on my cock."

I bit my lip, bit his lip....When I looked at J, there was that smile, that gaze that drew me into him....I saw D matching J's warm gaze....I was afraid.

I'd been afraid of this moment...of coming like this...as much as I wanted it...felt it in me....I was afraid....the difference between what I sensed in my body and feared in my head had me a little dizzy....

J kissed my nose, "its ok...remember...we decide what this means...we've both crossed this same line...coming...opening to coming with a buddy's cock buried in our asses...."

D held me tighter and had stopped moving....I felt suspended.....

"Make me come, D, J, take me...."

J pressed against me and we three kissed. D began to thrust and jack me firmer and firmer. J added lube to my cock. I lifted my own leg and got it over D's waist. D whined in my ear....D held my collar bone...I was fully in his grip.....we shifted slightly and my breath was pushed out of me...I was gonna come.

I was on overdrive as I accepted it....D and I were now growling panting together....J and I were bumping bellies as D's hand treated my cock to a fist fuck. I slammed back into D's pube...my hair was plastered to my neck that D was chewing on....

"Oh fuck...fuck me...guys....guys...I'm gonna come.....aw damn.....Dustin!!"

I fucked thru the orgasm...my hips never stopped slamming back onto D's cock...my ass fluttered and gripped. I spewed finally after a long minute of shuddering ass quakes....my come hit my chin, then J's face. Then every where as D's hand flew in rapid strokes.....I was yelling....J was coming on my chest and neck....locked in a kiss with D over my shoulder.

D went rigid behind me. His abs clenched....his cock swelled and pulsed....he was coming in my ass, filling the condom....His stillness focused my pleasure and I shook again...he went limp and then rigid again and again....I rolled my hips; my ass felt hot and wet inside. D started to pull out...I grabbed his thigh, "Wait...stay in me..."

I was still coming in little dribbles and shivers....whenever my ass gripped or I moved at all, D grunted and shook, "I gotta pull out Z, that's torture..." He held the condom base and gently slid outta my ass...I had three waves of shudder when my ass was empty. I heard the condom ding in the trash bin. My breath was still hard and uneven. D squeezed me and I brought my leg down off his waist. 

I was still hard and my ass felt so hot. When J nestled closer, he was still hard...."J? Put a rubber on...fuck me too?" I could see my blush as it creeped down my chest....J looked deep into my eyes...he saw the sureness I felt. He put a rubber on and lifted my leg over his thighs, and then I pushed it higher. I spread my cheeks and instantly felt the size difference in the head of his cock compared to D's. I grunted at the heat of it...I opened my ass and assisted him by arching back....I had to stop him once about half way in...my inner ring of muscles clamped down....then opened to him.

I held him in stillness inside of me....D looked on amazed....I don't know if it was precum or continuing come but my ooze was flowing....J was pulsing getting fuller inside of me....D leaned in and drilled his tongue into my mouth....his tongue just tickled the back of my throat.

"Let me suck you, D." He blinked and in a flash had the head of his cock teasing my tender lips. I opened my mouth to him. He held my jaw and made little circles on the back of my throat....J stayed deep and pushed in, not really backing out...just made deeper pressure in....D flipped around and swooped on my cock.

I lost it and rode their cocks. I grunted and slurped. I squeezed and rolled on J's huge dick. He was too big to move much, but it was driving to a second come just having him inside. I managed to mumble, "Uhuh, uhuh, uhuh," as I got closer. 

J grabbed my hips and I felt the shaking in his thighs. D pushed his cock all the way, I was deep throating him...They both held still. I did all the moving, fucking my ass on J, fucking my throat with D, fucking D's mouth.....I came and flooded D's lips and chin...he matched me by flooding my face....J yelled and was balls deep for the first time as he filled his rubber. 

I squirmed off of their dicks. I stretched arms over head on the bed and yelled, "Fuck yeah!" They collapsed on top of me as I celebrated. I kissed and groped them, pulled them down onto me. 

I glanced in the mirror for the first time. I was covered with come and sweat. My black hair was plastered with sweat and visible white come streaks. I've never been this messy from sex. They were just as sloppy. The deep red sheets had splatters and lube had spilled where someone left the lid off. My neck and shoulder were red were D had chewed on me. My butt cheeks, inner thighs and cock shaft were deep pink from friction. I had to admit I loved the sloppiness, it felt pretty free. I was still more than half hard.

I was continuing to writhe and grope under them. D finally laughed and pinned my hips down, kissing me into breathlessness again. J pulled away and padded to the bathroom. I heard the shower start. D and I jumped up and we all soaped and stroked each other clean. D pissed into the drain. I felt the sudden pressure to sit on the toilet. Wide eyed, I kind froze and looked at J. 

J said, "yeah, c'mon D...Z, go easy...don't push anything...just relax..." I was embarrassed as I sat just as they left without drying, dripping and trailing water. It kinda felt that everything moved around inside of me. Then the moment passed....I chuckled to myself at the bad pun, I was just a bit messy getting up from the toilet. My prostate was throbbing again as I finished rinsing my hair and washing my ass. I snagged a fresh towel and ran and dove on them on the bed which had clean sheet. They had coconut water and snacks.

We joked and talked for a long time. J mentioned an invite to a party. I laughed when I realized it was not yet 8:00. I'd not eaten dinner and the snacks weren't enough. We jumped online and ordered Thai for pick up....J said he'd run the few blocks to get it. D and I lay in the sudden quiet. I rolled to my back and pulled him full on top of me...

"Thanks, man. I'm really happy that you were my first..."

"I've never fucked a virgin before, so you were my first too....It was really amazing....the way you took J's cock and brought all three of us off the second time...are you alright?" he nudged my ass with his thigh as we nestled. He looked worried.

"Mmmm, yeah I'm ok....I think....yeah....I could get fucked again..." I felt my ass throb. A warm flush swept over me.

D snickered into my hair, "funny, I get like that sometimes too...J was last week..."

We started really grinding then....my legs came up to his waist and the head of his cock slipped into the first ring of my ass...he quickly pulled out and grabbed a rubber. We never lost contact or rhythm. He was able to glide right back into me. I held his neck as he hunched and humped against my tailbone, sliding almost out of my ass....

It was just us....we got loud again...I started lifting him up off the bed with my up jumps. He was practically drooling into my mouth....I hadn't touched my cock but it was close to erupting....D's hunches got harder and faster....he fell on top of me, and just his ass rose up and down....the sudden weight of him and the belly rubbing my dick got me off....D held me as I thrashed and moaned. He waited for my come to almost end.

Then he knelt back and with jarring thrusts fucked me until we came again....I didn't really spew anything but my ass gripped and spasmed. D yanked the condom off and falling on me coated my balls and ass with his load. He grabbed my knees, rolled me up on my shoulders, my ass to the sky and shocked me by licking clean his load from my balls and crack. Each tongue swipe was amazing torture. J appeared and stroking his cock held my face as he shot right onto my jaw and neck; D sucked J just at the end of his eruption. That was one of the best most spontaneous fucks ever. J dropped on to the bed.

I'd almost caught my breath when the strong urge came and I went into the bathroom. After a few minutes, I was done, I flushed and turned on the shower, D joined me, holding me in the warm spray for a long time. I was exhausted now. I ate quietly while they chatted about an upcoming swim meet. I curled up, and then stretched, and then curled again...I couldn't get comfortable. 

J put his hand on my hip and pushed me still. Then he got some of that massage oil and firmly rubbed and adjusted my lower back and glutes. I melted. D joined him and I drifted under their hands. I needed that attention to my muscles. They draped themselves over me and I fell asleep. I woke and was alone but heard their voices in the next room. Just about an hour had passed since I last peeked at the clock. 

I was in heaven...my body was alive and I was happy. I padded to the toilet (again) and sat between them on the couch. J shifted and cuddled me. We talked about training schedules and workouts. D yawned at one point. I said, "Let's go to bed..."

Three guys trying to brush their teeth at the same time in one sink is a fucking riot. J gagged on his toothbrush once; D gave him hell for swallowing cock, but choking on a little toothbrush. In the bed room, J gathered sheets for the laundry and I spread out a couple of blankets. J was outta the room when D and I lay down. He was on his back, I folded my thigh across his pube and pulling his face to mine kissed him. I was getting hot again.