 "Mmhmm." Just before dropping off I felt a surge of....love...for these great people, for my life...for my ability to love....it was dark, my phone beeped. I squinted at it....my brother texted, he got on the road early and would arrive by 730. I texted back, "join me and friend for yoga in my room?" He said he would. Isaac groaned and pulled the covers off me, we tussled smiling. I told him my brother was joining us, and we could sleep in an extra half an hour...

 The door opened some time later, we'd fallen right back to sleep. I heard my brother's chuckle. Isaac and I were entwined buck naked. I held a hand in the small of Isaac's back when I felt him tense. "Jason, this is Isaac. Isaac my twin Jason." Isaac pulled his hand from under my thigh and extended it towards Jason. They shook. Jason lifted his fleece off. He was shirtless. Isaac was mostly under me, my ass to the door. There was nothing hidden, we were both sporting nice morning wood. It was hot in my room. Jason kicked his shoes off, and then dropped his sweat pants in a pile.

 "Get 'em up boys!" He kicked the footboard. Isaac looked back and forth between us. Fraternal twins, but lookalikes nonetheless. Jason had light brown hair and was a couple inches taller and lean to my muscly, but we had the same face, voice and smile. People commented how much we moved alike too. I stood and grabbed him in a full hug, then pulled Isaac to his feet. We quickly arranged the room for crowded yoga. I was between them, Isaac on my back. He led the practice. We all three lost our focus, balance more than once. 

The hour sped by....I was humming from toes to nose. I could see Jason's shoulders drop and his neck soften as tensions dropped off him. I caught Isaac seeing Jason relax and Isaac glowed a bit more. I didn't fight being horny, I got half hard, and they did too. But the practice was so mellow and challenging at the same time that sex was a small part of my feeling, thinking...

 Isaac called out the final sequence and we three unfolded to lie on the mats side by side in corpse pose for ten minutes of amazing body hum meditation. Near the end, Jason took my hand and held it. I felt our connection come alive as it does at times. Jason sat up first. He took a long drink from someone's water bottle, Isaac's it turned out. Reaching over me he handed it to Isaac with a warm smile, "Thanks! You're awesome!" I could almost see the sparks between them. As Isaac drank from the bottle I slyly nodded at Jason. 

 I knew he caught my hint....I'd happily share Isaac with him, right here, right now. The way Jason tilted his head let me know he was game but it was up to Isaac. 

"Isaac, what happened to you last night?....you were pretty down when you crept in here..."

 He flushed and ducked his head. He scratched his beard and fussed with his hair, redoing the band around his ponytail. He looked between Jason and me before he answered. I lay a hand on his hip....and he relaxed a little.

 "Dale was an ass to me last night....we went out for a beer, he had more than a few...when we got back here..."he swallowed and went pale. "Well let's just say he wasn't gentlemanly...." He rubbed the back of his neck...."he pushed my head to try to start things....I won't be intimate with him again...he was selfish and rough..." 

 I felt myself swell....my nostrils were going....Isaac looked at me and gulped....Jason put his hand over my pec, "Down boy, easy Hulk!" Jason put his other hand on Isaac's shoulder, "What can we do for you? That shitty, I know, I've been there..."

 I was pissed and feeling possessive of Isaac. Jason scratched my chest a little: I came down a bit. 

 "I, I think we two should talk with him when we calm down." He held my eye until I drained of the madness. Jason kept one hand on Isaac's neck and shoulder and the other he dropped to my thigh. Isaac continued, "I'm sorry to make this tense, that session was great."

Jason kneaded Isaac's neck a little, "don't worry about it....relax buddy. We're all cool here....get back to the yoga glow...."

 Jason took a deep breath holding Isaac's look. We all breathed together....Jason moved around next to Isaac and kneaded deeper into his neck and shoulders. Isaac melted a little. I patted my futon and shoved the sheet to the side. Isaac stretched out face down on the bed and Jason knelt beside him. I could see the rigidity in Isaac's back and neck. 

Jason and I moved as one, four hands gliding and pulling, massaging Isaac. I pressed down onto his ribcage in a reminder to deeply breathe. He melted more. We worked his neck shoulders and lower and lower into his back and glutes. I lifted his hip furthest from me, closest to Jason. Isaac rolled over. There was a shiny spot on his abs where he'd leaked a little. He wasn't hard, just chubby. 

 I pushed down onto his navel, then his pube. Jason was giving hard circles to Isaac's pecs. Isaac looked at me....I nodded. He let out a sigh...Jason lay his hand on top of mine in Isaac's trimmed bush. Jason and I connect with a long look. This was only the second person we'd shared; but it felt easy and loving. As one we lifted the shaft of his dick and began a slow tug. Isaac shuddered as he looked back and forth at us. I grabbed some lube and we slow jacked him to a slick erection. He began to meet our thrusts. He wrapped his arms around our backs as we knelt next to him.

His orgasm caught us all by surprise....with no warning he exploded, come flying straight up to land between his thighs on the bed. Jason and I were fully hard and giving Isaac all our attention. Before he finished his third spew, I dropped down on one side and Jason covered the other half.....Isaac shook and shuddered, coating our hands with his load. We gently led him to stillness with light touches. 

 His smile. His smile awoke that grateful loving feeling I'd had last night. He kissed us both on the forehead. Jason's stomach growled loud. We all laughed. It wasn't until we were in the kitchen that Isaac realized he and Jason had each other's sweat pants on. More laughter. We snacked, and then we all quickly showered. In my room, Isaac held us in a three way hug for a long time. 

 "Thank you, guys...I needed that...to be...ok...again..." 

 Jason shook Isaac's curly hair, still out of its band after the shower, "anytime!" 

 Isaac laughed again....I pulled him into a kiss that left us both a little shaky. We three talked about our plans. Isaac looked envious when we told him we were fleeing the storm to the beach cabin. I promised him we'd go sometime. He hugged us again and dashed off to meet his parents for breakfast. 

 Jason had that gleam in his eye, "we've got some talking to do, Ri!" He held out my fleece and looked at my shoes. Naked like him under sweats and fleece I pulled on my comfy old mat shoes. He pulled his tooth brush out of his pocket and turned to open the door. We stopped off at the bathroom and I got toothbrush and grabbed my lotion too. 

"Lex?" He stopped in his track, that was my nickname for him, "I'm really glad we could share that with Isaac...I think that was bigger for him than we know...."

 "Zac-a RI-us Tòma," my full name rolled off his tongue, "that was important for us too..."

"Jason a-LEX-i..." his full name in our Mother's voice...."we've got some talking to do...

We jumped into my car and chatted about our first and only other time sharing someone; we gave our virginities to the same girl at the same time on a sunny dock at summer camp. She was older and we fucked her each twice that day, without condoms. It was one of the only times I'd had sex without protection. It was a memory, the intense beauty of it, which Jason and I rarely talked about. 

 We got to the market and bought a couple days' worth of groceries. Jason stopped at one point, glancing down the beer aisle, "break training with me?"

I nodded at the hard cider; he bought a fat growler of it. At the register we elbowed and nudged each other to pay for the tab. The old lady laughed at us and rung it up half and half. We gassed up the car and were on the road by 915. The forecast was for the storm to hit noonish. The wind was kicking....the rain was a mist, the temp was dropping. In the car we cranked up the heat and talked.

Jason and Mom had gotten into it....over Jason wanting to buy a queen-sized bed. Mom put the deep chill between them by snapping, "We won't pay for your lax immoral life-style!" Apparently she felt her single son needed no room in bed for anyone else; Dad remained silent as usual. That was a week ago; Jason had bought the bed and paid for it out of his savings, which was his plan all along. Mom raided his bank account info (she has access to pay for school etc.) She put the money in his account and set an appointment for them with a counselor. Jason hadn't agreed to go. He put that all out in a rush. He said at the end, "I'm kinda done caring if she gets her panties in a knot...I don't even want to talk about it....tell me, Ri, what they hell you been up to?!"

 For the next fifty minutes I talked. He listened. I reached to turn down the heat once. He batted my hand away and unzipped my fleece...I was nude to the pube. He took off his fleece and we drove toying with our balls while I told him of my last two weeks. No one was really on the road over the pass and it was almost dark as night under the lowering clouds in the forest. Jason listened like only he can. I realized talking to him that I had been on the edge of 'coming out' as bi for ages.

 When I got him up-to-date with horny details thrown in, he hugged me as I drove, our chests and shoulders fitting together in front of the steering wheel. He hit the nail on the head when he said, "It's a good thing we live two hours apart...we'd never study or sleep, trying to fuck every body together...do you think Isaac would be up for more?"

 "Oh. I know so...remember, he and I and Brett have already fucked and he was excited about teasing massage with Carl. You two connected like magnets!"

 A small knot of worry undid itself. Jason and I were in concert. We were silent for a while. We drove the usual route until we hit a detour sign; the short way to the cabin was blocked apparently from a tree fall. We took the long way around. Jason suggested we stop at the store in town and pick up anything else we might want. The parking spots were all empty, no one moved on the side street. We pulled on our fleeces, leaving the zippers down a ways. The wind off the ocean was fierce but warmer. 

In the store a man's voice called out from behind a row of shelves, "Hello, let me know what you need!" in that false cheerful retail voice. Jason and I both snickered and groped our crotches simultaneously. They had growlers of the same hard cider on sale; Jason hooked one with his hand, grinning a dare at me. He knows I'm a hella lightweight, but we weren't going anywhere for a couple of days, sooo....

 I turned the corner around an aisle and what an ass! The guy who'd called out was bending over picking up chips to stock on the shelves. His jeans hugged his hips, making a great pouch that I could see from behind. He looked back when he heard me and said, "hey, can I get something for you?" Bad porn music flooded my head....I grinned and asked for salsa....he pointed just next to me...we laughed.

 My brother came around the corner with the growler on one hand and a small vial of lube in the other. The clerk looked back and forth between us and turned pink. "You are brothers and go to different schools?" he nodded at our logos on our sweats. 

"yeah." We answered as one, "twins too."

 "I wrestled for Sunset High, I've taken a year off from school and have one year left at Coast Community College; to boost GPA and train harder. I can't wait to get out of here..." He gestured out the front door, while never taking his eyes off my face. He looked hungry. He was tightly built, compact like me. Pale and something kinda frail about him....but there was a toughness in the set of his neck and jaw....I wanted him....I felt the flush of sex rush down my spine and start to pump my dick. Jason shifted next to me...I caught his grin and we three stood and bullshitted about campus life.

 Jason bragged about all the sex of a single guy's life on campus. Sam's eyes lit up, he licked his lips. Jason flashed his abs as he adjusted his waistband. Yup, Sam's eyes stayed low on Jason's inviting exposure. I'd had my hands in my fleece pockets; I tugged the zipper low enough that my navel was showing, complaining about the stuffiness of the store. I thought Sam was gonna roll on to his back right then. 

Jason slapped me on the shoulder, looking at Sam, "What about you stud, who you doing out here in the boonies...?"

 Sam paled, "no one, no one at all... not here... for me...."

 My heart broke for him...out to himself but no one to share that with..."have you toured campus yet? You should come for a visit..."

 Jason had a wolf's grin on...."then you could come visit me at the big college..." 

He glanced back over his shoulder....there was an obvious office with a mirrored window, "seriously?"

 I pulled out my phone and nodded, he recited his digits...I dialed and over by the register his phone buzzed. "We're fleeing the storm....we're staying at our parents cabin over on Third Fire Lane, you know the places above the old gravel pit?" He nodded, "if you want to get away....if not call me and we'll talk about visiting...seriously...I could show you the team's facilities, take you thru a work out...Coach will probably let you practice with us...."

He stuck his hand in his pocket and glanced at the office window again...."I will call about campus....I should ring you guys up...." We chatted about the storm and he rung us up. Jason slyly took my phone from the counter, saved Sam's number, then I knew what he was doing, texted his number to Sam's phone which buzzed again, making him jump a little. 

 Jason asked him, "Do ya think ya might get away the next couple days? We could all hang out at the cabin...."

Sam had his face averted from the window, he turned pink again, "I. I don't think I could make an excuse...." His eyes darted at the window.

"No excuse needed," I said evenly, "let's meet your parents, tell them we can show you around campus, and help out with training....all upfront..."

 The idea hadn't occurred to him to use honesty as an offense. He set his jaw. He waved at the mirrored window, the door opened. A very obese man rolled out. The same face as Sam, but wrecked by weight. He was cool to us for a minute. Jason and I turned up the charm. We had he with our sirs and pleases and if you wishes....Sam was almost vibrating when his father walked back to the office after saying he thought networking was a great idea. I texted him the cabin's address. Sam said he could come by after work at 6. Jason said in a quiet voice as he slid his hand into his pocket, "we roll casual, like in the locker room...just us boys, right?" Sam turned pink across the nose and red on the ear tips.

As we got in the car Jason grinned that wolf grin, "I bet we'll here from him in 20 minutes. " Sure enough just as we were pulling up the drive our phones beeped texts from him. "Guys! Seriously, thanks. I'll stop by tonight!" with a winking emoji. Jason texted right back...."dare ya to roll over....in sweats, like we do..." I texted, "and if the weather's too bad....maybe you'll have to crash here..."

 We got out of the car. Back here in the forest it was dripping, but a bit warmer than back the city when we left. The wind was churning in the waves and tree tops. We set out getting settled in, turning on the water main, and cranking up the heat and water heater. We pulled lots of firewood in. Jason built a fire. The cabin was warming up quick. On instinct I checked the surf report. Choppy and sloppy was what a local had posted on the town's website. "Lex, lets go for a swim for today's workout?" He looked over my shoulder at the weather and surf report.

As the storm was coming from over land, the surf wasn't really that great and the warm weather was being pushed out to sea....so it was challenging, but not too bad out there. We knocked back a shared smoothie and stripping in the kitchen stepped out into the lean-to attached to the tall side of the cabin. Part storage, part dressing room it was one of the additions we three brothers had built for my parents. Bikes, surf gear, lawn furniture and best of all a super hot double head shower for rinsing after surfing. 

Naked together for a few steps, our cocks swung and flopped as we struggled into our clammy wet suits. Hoods, gloves and footies were needed. The water this far north was never warm, but if you stayed moving with good gear it was a great time. We grabbed our boards just in case. The few blocks to the rocky beach were noisy with wind and groaning roots of the tall trees. The surf was undecided, pushed around, choppy and sloppy. We planted our boards on the rocks. We laughed together and ran into. We swam a long line down the cove and back a couple of times. After almost 45 minutes we went back for our boards. We paddled out a ways. The waves were too flat and messy to get up on our boards, but the peacefulness of the bobbing surf and the exertion from the swim was amazing.

We were floating, our ankles locked under the water, facing opposite seating on our boards. No one was nearby; some other local surfers were down the long curve of the cove. Jason dropped his hand on my thigh; I returned his grip on his thigh. We just floated; that deep silent connection we have was humming between us. He suddenly grinned. I gave him a silent "what?" look. Sudden warmth met my hand on his thigh. 

I smacked his abs; he was pissing in his wet suit. He laughed deep and hard. It echoed off the rocks. I grabbed his hand and pressed it onto my cock, I let go with my warm stream too. He pulled back grinning dunked his hand in the water, and then grabbed the back of my neck in a head lock. To escape I folded forward on my board quickly; this almost tipped him off his board. I gripped my board hands and thighs to stay stable. 

 "Damn, Ri!" He put his hand in the middle of my lower back. I looked up at him; he was staring at my ass. He gripped the back of my neck again, then with his other hand cupped my balls and thumbed my ass...I arched laughing and pushed him off his board. He pulled me into the sloshing waves, with one arm draped over our boards for buoyancy we hung in the water and just hugged. "You've really stacked on the muscle, lil bro." 

 That silence we share settled again. We paddled inshore. We'd been in the cold water long enough that we were pale and hunched. We jogged back the couple of blocks to the cabin. I stowed our boards as Jason turned on the showers. There is a point of use water heater so the steamy water rushed out immediately. Still in out wetsuits we rinsed them and warmed up under the same shower head. We tugged each other's suits off, laughing when Jason almost fell over getting his off his feet. Soapy and steamy we washed each other's back and toweling off entered the kitchen. It was just 12:30. We had the next two and a half days together.