 My alarm jolted me out of a sweet dream: I was lying on my stomach spread eagle, hands clenching my sheets. I'd almost come....I recalled the last image of the dream: I was balls deep in my ex, fucking her with all my strength. Dustin was hanging on my back riding me in my grudge fuck of my ex. I'd ride down into her; Dustin rode down into me....I swung out of bed. 

The rain was driving against the roof. I didn't want to run in this. I'd swim instead. I was vibrating down the stairs, in the kitchen. I was bright eyed when house mates staggered into the kitchen. Out in the cold I ran full tilt to the gym. When I opened my locker I couldn't find my swim trunks, I must've left them at home. I was inspired: I texted Brett, asking if I could get his combo and borrow his. 

He replied, "Hell yeah! Hot!" and his digits. His Speedo's were so snug and clingy. Even though I concentrated on swimming the image of me in the middle of my ex and D kept me chubby in the cool water. Pumped I finished 30 minutes and leapt out of the lap pool. Someone whistled off to the side. I pulled my goggles off; it was Caleb. I grinned at him and strode over. 

We chatted and as I got cold we parted. He was going to the same party tonight. I warmed up in the hot tub for a few. I had to pee, so I got out. I saw Coach's door slightly open. My cock lead the way. Gulping my smoothie I knuckled his door. His eyes never left my face...and he flushed. "I'll get in touch with you, maybe this weekend...." Was the last he said as he turned back to the stack of paper work. The locker room was filled with guys coming or going to early morning workouts. The clock showed it was barely 745. 

I lounged in steam room, keeping a lid on my boner as a lot of guys were bullshitting in the steam. I showered, got some, "looking good and working hard Wollinowski!" That set my motor to purring. By the time I managed to get into my jeans I had a dribble of precome on my hand. I licked it off. I stood for a minute jeans undone, cock getting fuller, pushing up out of my open fly. I had my back to the locker room. I put moisturizer on my chest and abs. I lubed my cock with the combo of lotion and precome. There was no one on either side of me but felt eyes on my back. 

I looked over my shoulder as I did up my button fly. One of the swim team, I didn't recall his name. He pushed off his boxers and tugged his balls a couple of times with one hand while getting his Speedo with another. I put on J's sideways smile and nodded. I got my sweater on just as the space next to me was filled with a giant football player, one of the linemen probably. He grunted, "Mornin." And scowled and stomped off to the scale. He came back glaring at my smoothie as I tied my shoes.

The rest of the morning was one smile after another....I felt infectiously happy and sexy. I went over to see Brett's new place at two; it was just to the other side of campus. It was a nice one bedroom. I sat and listened to him vent about the breakup. He looked more relaxed than I'd seen him but still tired and sad. After about an hour we walked back to campus together. I slid into class just as it started. I went to sit in the library to check on messages while waiting for Vic.

My brother texted complaining about Mom. We made plans for him to drive over the two hour drive on Sunday and crash with me. He sounded pissed. I told him, "it sounds cheesy dude, but I'm not buying her shame anymore. I've opened up a lot this year...we'll talk..." I was always comfortable with him. He seemed relieved at the end of the call. Victoria surprised me in the library by putting her hands over my eyes from behind.

I felt the instant attraction I'd felt with Will yesterday when I turned and took her hands off my eyes. We stood leaning on the book shelves, quietly catching up. I felt the heat bouncing between us. I couldn't keep my hands still, my pecs, then in my back pockets, then my hair. She reached over and put a strand of my hair behind my ear. I smelled her: warm milk and coffee, soap and....her.

I remembered how much fun our late night hook-up was last year. My mouth watered suddenly at the smell, the thought of tasting her....I brushed her wrist with my finger tips. She said, "let's go have hot chocolate at my place...I make it Mexican style with water...no fat..." I swallowed and nodded. I had my backpack shouldered and one hand in my pocket gripping the head of my cock that was announcing it wanted free.

Her ass swung as we went down the stairs. Her breast brushed my arm as we went thru the revolving door together. We wet our lips in the same moment of awareness. I snuck her hand I mine with a cheesy grin. She giggled.

In her tiny flat, I sat while she made water for chocolate. Her roommate's parents were coming over for dinner and her roommate was due home in a little more than an hour. The chocolate was amazing. I leaned over and kissed her: chocolate and her salty taste, the small bitter tang of her old fashioned red lipstick. I brushed her hair behind her ear and she turned her lips to my palm.

"Vic....I'm just gonna say it...let's go lay down...I want...huh this is hard to say...let's make love...I want to give you pleasure....." I blushed and she stood up.

On her bed surrounded by her scent we meshed side by side kissing little kisses. She pulled me on top of her and it got heavy fast. I leaned up on my elbows, my cock and our heartbeats the only movement. 

"Do you have protection? I don't think I have any..." she opened her bedside drawer. Nope.

I had none either, "I didn't want to assume anything. I don't carry them."

Her groan brought our hips and lips back together. "I can do quite a lot without a condom..." I raised my eyebrows and grinned. She accepted the challenge with a sigh as I buried my lips in the crook of her neck. I got her shirt and sports bra off. I let my tongue dance over her nipples and ribcage. I lightly held her hands away from my crotch. I needed to focus on her or I was gonna cream my jeans like a teenager.

She was writhing under my teasing tongue on her breasts and belly. A tiny drop of sweat was in her navel; I moaned as I tongued it out, making eye contact as my tongue dug into her bellybutton. When I put one palm flat on her mound, I felt her pulsing heartbeat. I lay next to her just holding her firm while she warmed up her hips in circles and thrusts against my flat hand.

She took my hand and slid it into the waist band of her jeans. She bit her lip. I moved her hand away from my visible cock head and said, "Maybe you can please me later...right now I want to make you come..." She groaned and drew me into the best kiss so far. Feeling our tongues wrestle made my cock pulse and I felt a gob of precome hit my belly. 

I kissed down her length. I kissed her waist as she undid her jeans. I held her shocking red panties up as she shimmied outta her jeans. Once again I held her sex in my palm as I let her rub and grind. I had a matching hand on her breast which had hardened and warmed. My mouth was watering at the scent of her....I made wetter and wetter trailing kisses, more tonguing kisses on her navel and hips bones...I could feel dampness and a new hard little knob under my palm.

I let her lift my shirt off. I was sweaty. The hot contact of our bellies and chests together brought her hands up to my hair. Her ribcage was arching and heavy slightly as she began to pant. I undid my jeans and dropped them over the side of the bed. I kept my cock just outta her reach. I fluttered my fingers, pressed the heel of my hand into her clit, softly...just a bit of pressure. She arched for it. 

I fluttered my fingers again around and around her labia. She arched up and down for it. I began rhythmic pushes and flutters. She went straight-legged and I was able to get my whole forearm under her arched back. I pulled her belly skin in my lips and moaned at the scent of her. With one arm under her back, the other hand pressed against her mound I moved down between her legs, which she spread just enough to allow me to kneel there. 

I took my hand off her mound and swiped my briefs off. My ass rode high in the air, but nothing touched my cock, thankfully. My dick jumped with almost every swipe of my tongue on her thighs and belly. She pushed her panties to one side. She was fully shaved. In a fumbled move we got them off and I got my forearm back under her back. With only light kisses I moved in a big circle around her thighs and mound. The first kiss to her clit hood, sent shudders thru her. I held her with the arm under her and one hand on her navel.

The hint of a taste of her sex was fucking so incredible. I recalled the guys I'd tasted in the last week, different but similar. I took one long tongue lap from the bottom of her lips to flutter on her clit. The shudders took her a moment longer this time. I grinned up at her. She took a deep breath. Then another. Then another. I let her ride it out.

She took my head and held my pursed lips against her lips. The combined juices from her and my watering mouth made my chin drippy. I licked it off, and my back arched. I had to breathe deep to keep from touching myself. I licked bottom to top, bottom to top, bottom to top. I tugged a tiny bit on her clit hood with just my lips. She held her breath, "oh Zach. Oh my gawd..." on the exhale.

Bottom to top, bottom to top....we were starting to get slurpy. I couldn't taste enough of her. For the first time I slipped my tongue into the outer swollen lips of her....there was the grunt! Again: grunt! Again: grunt! Her ass was bouncing off the bed in random little jerks. I gave my cock a couple of pulls, to milk out some of the precome...

I backed off, wiping my face on her belly as I lay flat on top of her...My cock felt so huge against her, compared to the guys' abs. She wrapped her legs up around my ass. We humped and thrust, getting sweaty. I was so close. I sat up to breathe, showing off.

She pulled me down on top of her; I squirmed down her to tongue her clit over and over. She guided one of my fingers into her. She held my hair. She stopped breathing. A silent scream and she flooded my mouth with her come. I sucked it in, twisting her clit with my lips. Her contractions actually almost pushed my finger out. I moved on top of her and held on, kissing her neck and eyelids.

I pulled a comforter over us as she kept twitching and...well almost a purr. He hand found my sore balls. "Vic," I nodded to the clock, "we don't have time....I'm so ok with getting you off....lets save more for another time."

She looked sharply at me...."You're serious?!"

I nodded, a little shy about it, "I've just discovered that giving pleasure is a gift, a talent I fucking love it!" 

We heard he roommate some in the front room. I looked worried for a sec, but she said, "It's just her. Her very conservative parents will be here in about an hour. I'd keep you right here if it weren't for them"...her kiss was thicker and slippery....we got dressed. Her roommate looked surprised, then...well jealous. I grinned like a fool. I held her hand as we stood in the front door chatting about next time we could get together. 

I could taste, smell her on my face. On the stairs outside her place I adjusted, no, hell I toyed with my blue balls. I pulled my phone out, Will had texted me Tara's address and asked if I'll have eaten...she was making pasta. I texted back, "Yes please!" He said, "see you in about an hour."

I had 75 minutes to kill...I hadn't done weights today so I bounced over the gym. I sent J a text, and he and I went back and forth. He had a date with the girl, Leo, from my accidental scene last week. He was eager to hear about all my adventures. And I his. Dustin texted while I was with Vic, "wear those jeans tonight?" I said, "hahaha, yes." I got to the gym and tore up the weight room. I was so pumped. I did a 45 minute set and did nothing but tease myself and anyone who'd watch me in the locker room. I dashed home to change into the worn snug jeans. I made it to Tara's only five minutes late.

We had lots of text to review for the project. We divvied it up and ate pasta. After we cleared the dishes, two of Tara's three house mates came home. Will and Tara and I sat in the living room cramming thru some of the assigned text. After about a half and hour, we got down to planning the project. We'd need to meet a couple more times, so we blocked out time on Sunday midday. The other house mate came home and girly giggles came from the kitchen; we called it quits on the study time. 

Will suggested we step out together to a pub around the corner. I had another 90 minutes til I met up with D. They ordered a pitcher of hard cider; I broke training and had a little glass of cider, really no more than a couple of swallows. It was tasty and went right to my head. We laughed a lot. Tara said as we were leaving, "Let's go out on a real date..." there was pause, for some reason it was funny how she said and we all collapsed laughing again. 

Will said, "Dinner and a movie, Saturday night?"

"Yeah. Sounds good." Outside the pub we stood for a long moment under the bare trees and street lamps were just coming on. "We decided were this goes, what it means, ok. I'm in a place where I really want to communicate and be creative with people."

"We don't want any drama..."they frowned, "we tried to date a guy over the summer...it got real intense and awkward....he was kinda crazy..."

"I don't think there's anything to worry about..." Tara laid her hand on my arm, the first she'd touched me, and "you've already been more open than he ever was..."

I took her hand and half hugged her, pulling Will in close too. I could feel the warmth between us against the cold wind. Will's hand stayed on my lower back. "Date night on Saturday! A real, normal date. Just us three!"

My goofy grin set them giggling. They headed over to Wills place. I wanted to go home for a while. I walked home kicking the first of the fallen leaves. I ignored my buzzing phone for a few minutes. It was nice being quiet. I slipped in the back way of the house and climbed the stairs to my room. I had about an hour until D picked me up for the party. I dumped my book bag and stripped outta my clothes. 

Lying on my back on my bed I answered texts from Vic, Brett and J. Carl came to my door and we chatted. My cock started to warm to his attention. I suggested a shower because I smelled like Vic. I didn't mind but for some reason didn't want carry over with D. Carl had a date with his gal in a while so he was upfront about not getting off. I wasn't feeling that connected anyway so we just hung out in the shower and joked a while. 

I did some yoga; it was then that I realized I was a little blue. I dug into the feeling; I guessed I was afraid of what my brother was gonna say when I opened up to him about all the partners I'd had in the last week. That was bullshit; he'd always been there for me and he'd had a fling with a guy his freshman year so he wasn't gonna be judgmental. The yoga did its job: got me in touch with all of myself.