 I wanted to be naked...I wanted to show off...I wanted to have my hard cock slippery in my hand...I wanted to get fucked....I felt that last desire roll between my cock in hand to my balls to my ass to my cock and back again. I headed for the gym; I could burn off some energy and build some other in a work out. There is a kinda corridor on one side of the gym between buildings; as I turned down it to get to the lobby, Tony one of the quarterbacks and his girl Tiesha were right there. 

Tiesha had her back to me leaning into Tony's thighs and belly as he leaned against the low wall there. She has the most perfect heart shaped ass. She had her head on his shoulder. Tony saw me turn the corner. His eyes went right to my boner. He shifted one hand down to cup her ass...and moved it into her crack from behind, grinning wickedly at me over her shoulder. I pretended to check my phone. He pulled her into a kiss and lifted one of her legs a bit to rub her pussy from behind. Tony's mixed; he has dark caramel skin and shocking green eyes. 

I pulled on my cock a little; he kept one eye open on my hand. I wanted to join them. I heard someone coming down the corridor...I looked over my shoulder and frowned back at Tony. I walked by just nodding, "what's up guys?" as I went past them. Two maintenance guys followed me around the corner. I sighed happily and went into the locker room. 

There were a lot of the football team milling around the lobby, but the locker room was pretty quiet. I hear a shower going and a couple lockers were open. I sat down in front of my locker, there was no way I could get my full erection into the gym shorts I'd brought...they were the running shorts J had trimmed the lining out of. I moved slow unpacking my gear, untying my shoes, reviewing the training lists Mac had given me. My urgency passed some. 

Jergens came out of the dry sauna and went to one of the toilet stalls. One guy rushed from the shower into his sweats and left. Only two open lockers now. I stared at the lists. That helped cool me off some. Jergens nodded and went into his office. The locker room was silent around me. I pulled off my shirt. The warm moist air flowed over my skin. I stood and worked my jeans down over my ass, and took them and my socks off in one move. I snagged a towel and took a cold shower. 

Tony was at his locker when I came out of the shower, "hey stud. Good to see you today." He opened his zippered hoodie and dropped it in his locker. I was drying my hair and the droplets were suddenly going from cold on my skin to hot. 

"Good to see you two too..." I stopped toweling my hair, got my water bottle and strutting, and filled it. 

Tony dropped his sweats; I saw a glistening spot down one thigh. He'd been precumming. 

"I needed a cool rinse...been pumped all day...." I faced him as I pulled clean short socks on. It hit me that I hadn't come since Isaac, Brett and I did yoga Wednesday morning. I'd been hard and wanting most of that time!

He looked around, no one was around. I thought someone was in the sauna or steam room, but wasn't sure. "Yeah...I noticed...." He flashed those super green eyes at my crotch. "What're you up to?"

"Hmmm...I thought I'd hit the weights....long steam and sauna for sure....gonna get laid tonight so I need to touch up the trim job. You?" I took a long drink of water. He was well muscled and every move was muscular and poised. He had a sprinkle of tight curlies on his chest and a triangle of a pube. 

"I'll join ya....we haven't hung out since that training camp last year...I've got time to kill til me and Tiesha hang tonight."

I held his eyes as I pulled on the thin running shorts. The long line of my shaft was pushed against the material by my full balls. Tony had compression shorts in his hand. He dropped them back into his bag and tugged on some cotton shorts. They were longer in the legs but taut across his thighs and ass so they formed a natural pouch. We walked to the weight room, joking and bullshitting. The room was packed. A circuit training class was almost finished.

Tony and I got in line and followed the last team of three thru the circuit. They all left in a crowd and the room seemed huge suddenly. Tony and I spotted for and encouraged each other. He kept forgetting to reset the heights on the machines, "Yo, man sorry. Its funny, I forget I'm taller than you..." He's 6'2". 

"Maybe if you looked up from my cock long enough..." he looked shocked for a flash then slapped my pec as I did bench presses.

"Alright, cocky little bastard....hit another set of those...." I was quaking in my shoulders on the set he pushed me into... We'd been at it now for almost 75 minutes and I was getting tired. I said so. 

"Tell you what big l'il man, you're in better condition than me, I was gonna quit some time back..." He grinned and ducked his face. 

I let out a small, woohoo! and stripping off my sweaty shirt led the way into the locker room. I was naked and tugging my balls as I got a towel before he got his locker open. I pissed real fast and held the door for him into the steam room. No one was around at all. In the steam we sat right across from each other. He wasn't shy about sitting on the edge of the bench his cock and balls hanging over the front of the bench. He stretched full arms over head and without a word pulled me by my knees into matching his posture.

He then spit into his hand and gave my cock head a warm lube, "My gal gets most of my attention...but....let's mess around...do you edge?" His expression was kinda shy but his hand was active on all of my cock and balls now. I matched him; we pulled each others cocks. 

After a few minutes, I had to push his hand off, "I've not come in two days and I've edged like 6 times...." He sat back.

"Get me closer big l'il man." I took both hands and giving a thick gob of spit to the job really set into his cock. He had a surprisingly high voice when he got excited. He shook and thrust up, stopping me with an iron grip on my wrists. I was rewarded with a white clump of precum when I released my grip on the base of his shaft. I rubbed it back into his head, giving him echoes to ride out. The iron grip turned into batting away my hands. I laughed at him. 

I stood and shook out my hands and arms. He leaned forward and in one deep suck, took my cock down to the balls. He arched in a little gag and slurped back off my cock. He pushed down the length again and again. I stood on my toes, fists pointed at the ceiling and just moaned. I had to back off and sat down hard on the bench. "That is like riding a bike...ya never forget huh? I ain't done that in ages...we're cool, right? I mean..."

"Naw, man we're cool. I don't 'kiss and tell'...."

His grin made me chuckle, I reached forward and wiped off a smear of spit and my precum that was left over on his chin....I was still throbbing and getting a little light headed...."I need a cool rinse..."

Just as I was done turning under the cool water, Coach Mac came outta his office. I wrapped my towel and called to him. "Mac, got a sec?"

"What's up Wollinowski?" For the first time he looked right at my bulge in the towel.

"I just wanna check in...I hope my offer for a mass..."

"Nope. Didn't bother me at all," he predicted what I was gonna say, "the less we talk about it here the better...alright? If your friend can't get to me, I'll take you up..." He gripped my shoulder at the curve of my neck and shook me. I let me towel slip off as I walked back to Tony in the steam room. Mac put up notices on the bulletin board while watching my ass.

Tony was just getting up; towel in hand, "Hey big l'il man, gotta run...you got my motor goin'....I'm sure Tiesha will be glad...." He ran his hand down my pec to cradle my cock and balls. "I'll drop my digits in your locker, alright?"

"Yeah....we'll hang...maybe us three sometime?"

He put his hand over his mouth, looking thoughtful, "I dunno...Tiesha's pretty closed...but I'll float the idea...." He grinned at some thoughts he was having as he left for the shower. I sat, and then lay down, stretching fully on the steam room bench reaching up thru my hands and pointing my toes. My cock woke up on its own. Looking at it rise, flexing and pumping I brought myself to a shuddering stop in a few minutes. Hoping to be seen I exited the steam room. No one, damn. I shaved then cooled off in the shower and then decided to run home and edge there. 

As I pulled on my clothes I saw the time. I had about 90 minutes...until I got fucked. I realized I'd been avoiding that thought....wanting reassurance I got my phone to text J. He had already texted me, "C'mon over anytime you're free..."

"On my way right now...can I get anything?"

"Nope...you'll be well taken care of, stud."

The chill that ran thru me was amazing. The blue ball feeling hit full on...every step I took was full of pleasing pressure in my ass and balls. As I was rounding the corner to J's house I got this text from him, "Door's open, bring in the key from under the mat and turn off the porch light. Lock up when you come in....D's already here too..."

The butterflies had moved outta my belly into my thighs and hands. Opening the door and wave of warm air rushed me to hurry and close and bolt it behind me. I heard quiet music and J's deep voice. I couldn't make out what he said, I called out as I took off my shoes and hoodie, "hey guys..."

The few steps into the living room seemed to take forever. The arm of the couch came into view, then J's head thrown back, then his sweaty torso. D was curled between J's thighs deep throating J's shiny cock. They both looked at me in the same moment, J's eyes deep blue and his lips slightly parted in bliss; D's brown eyes shiny and his mouth stretched to take J's cock. 

I was unable to move. They both stood in one move and came to me. J lifted my T-shirt off and D took my jeans down. They pressed against me; heat upon heat. D lifted my chin and smiled as he leaned to kiss me, J's tongue joined his just inside my lips, teasing, teasing, teasing. I rose up on my toes to get more of them. They broke the kiss.

D stepped away, nudged me back into J's belly whose arms came around my pecs. D quietly said, "Go with J. I'll be in the bedroom, waiting...there's no rush...If you want me to join you guys, just say so...but I want you two to have some time too..."

I turned my face up over my shoulder to look at J, "what do you want me to do, J?"

J reached out and pulled D against me; his dick slid up on my abs. The shiver transmitted to both of them. "Z, we're gonna go into the shower and get you ready...then we'll join D in the bedroom...at any time anyone feels uncomfortable, we stop and talk it thru...ok?"

I nodded against them and pulled D's ass hard to squish myself between them. 

D stepped back, kissing us both and said, "I'll tell Jess y'all said hey. She texted earlier and said have fun and she's envious of you Z!" 

J stepped us to the bathroom door; I looked back and saw D open J's laptop on his bed. 

J closed the door behind us and sat me down on a towel on the edge of the tub. He crouched in front of me and turned on the faucet, beginning to fill the tub. 

"Z, the most ass play you've had is with us, right?"

"Yeah, a little on my own, my ex messed around a little, but yeah with you two..."

"Uhm...have you ever had an enema?"

"Yeah, I had some tests...it was awful...."

He laughed, "Yeah, those can be....you don't need one, but it is helpful, makes for a little less worry. Here's what we'll do...you'll do a small cleanse....I'll come back and we'll soak and play a bit....I've got a plug for you to toy with....you and I'll get you as hot as I was last week...." He smiled and laughed a little, "or we can just go lay down for a bit...you look sacred...shitless..."

I snorted and rolled my eyes..."That helped...dork."

"Do this one, hold it as long as you can, then fill it with warm water a couple of times until you're clear, ok?" he set an small enema bottle on the counter. The steam from the tub was curling up my back. He stood and his semi-hard was an eyeful. I grabbed him in a hug and got the deep kiss I wanted before.

I can't say I liked the enema, but the third warm rinse did give me a pump or two of blood to my cock. In the sink I washed up and tidied the counter. I opened the door. J and D were side by side stroking each other with the laptop between them. I jumped in between and saw Jess on the screen....she had a vibrator sluicing in her glistening pussy with one hand and her breast in another. 

Facing her, my ass near their shoulders, I dove onto J's, then D's slippery sweet with lube cocks. I could just see Jess as she lost it and flopped up and down; her eyes rolling back. D had to push my mouth off him, he was close...Jess was saying, "oh gawddam Z oh damn, that was one hella surprise! I owe you...." 

I got the chance to say, "My pleasure," before J threw me over his shoulder and carried me off to the waiting bath all of us laughing. I think I heard D say, "even better in person..." before the door closed. J toed the water and winced....he'd run all hot water and it was really hot. He turned the shower on full cold for a sec...swirled it around with his hand and then stepped in. 

We just managed to settle into the stinging water, me between his thighs, my back against his belly when D burst in, "gotta piss boys...." It was a new angle for me from behind and below and it set me to giggling...J caught the giggles

D looked back as he pissed, "What? What's so funny?"

"I saw a Billy goat piss once...from here.....well...I'm just saying...."

He actually looked worried for a sec, then got we were just being silly. He threw a sponge at us and flushed and left. He came right back in and managed another teasing three way kiss, before J broke apart and said, "Close the door, were you born in a barn?"

"Billy goat..." I got a splash in the face for that. He closed the door as he left. J settled into the hot water; his hands began rubbing my shoulders and pecs. I felt him go hard against my back; my cock was right with his, mine sticking up from my belly almost out of the water. My balls floated and ached. J began massaging me deeper in the pecs and ribs, then moving my abs and hip muscles in deep circles. 

When he took my balls in one hand and pulled them away from body, it hurt a little, I was so tense in that area....I needed to come. His tugs got easier and I breathed deeply. He was now making circles with his palm on the pulsing red head of my hard-on. He paused playing with my cock to pull my legs wide and put my calves on the edges of the tub.

He moaned and I gasped as he slipped one tip of one finger into the outer rim of my ass. My hands held his thighs as he made little circles and pushes on my ridges. He stopped moving; I took over, I felt amazing to roll my hips and open my asshole by just flexing. His finger kept a steady pressure on the ridges and creases of my ass...I turned and drew a wet kiss outta him. 

He held my lower lip in his teeth, the said, "just your ass, buddy, feel just your ass..."

A shudder and I went back to play my ass against his steady finger. When I pushed down more than before and his finger went inside me, I felt a catch inside of me. 

"You need some lube....I get a little dry just inside when I'm clean too." He reached over his head and moved a small bag from the lower shower shelf and set it on the floor. "Stand up for a sec...bend over..." water splashed everywhere and I kinda lost my balance...he steadied me from behind. I put my hands on the faucet and my ass was right in his face...my cock right up on my belly....my balls were fat and taut. He stared at me and without a word jammed his tongue as deep as it would go in my ass....the wettest hottest I've ever felt down there.

I couldn't breathe, just looking at his neck muscles straining as he rimmed me until I yelled, "oh fuck! Oh dammit J, fuck me....!" My thighs were bouncing.

He backed off and taking a small tube inserted it and a warm gush of lube filled me. He'd had it in his hand under water so it was just above body temp. He pushed his middle finger against my ass; I pushed back, he sank into me past his second knuckle. My cock was dripping and bouncing. I pulled forward and back and rolled on his finger...my stomach muscles pulled up towards my spine and bending my knees I rocked on his finger until I begged, "more, put another finger in me, J."

He grinned and pulled his finger out. I felt a little mad...he placed his hand on my hip and I lay back down with him. He took a butt plug out of the small bag. It looked about 2-3 fingers wide and about as long as J's second knuckle. He let it float in the tub. He kissed me, taking my mouth as his hole to explore. He got my cock in hand and had me humping and moaning again and again. My hair was starting to stick to me as I got hotter and hotter. 

He set the plug against my ass. I turned my face up to hold his eye....there was a stretchy twinge and I froze...it was in me....J pushed down on my pube with his palm....I felt it inside. J smoothed his hands over my belly, thighs, pube and then jiggled the plug in my ass....I rose up in an arch; water falling off me. He jiggled it again...I groaned. My voice was deeper than I'd heard it...I rose up in a back arching table top position with his arms over my shoulders, one hand on my shaft the other giving random pushes and jiggles on the plug.

"Breathe Z, breathe..." He'd said it a couple of times before I inhaled. He hugged me hard and again claimed my mouth with his tongue. "Now reach down and toy with yourself....lets see you fuck your own ass, stud" His quiet voice pulled another deep groan from me. 

The water was almost body temp so it felt like it wasn't there...J's body was hot on my back. I pulled my balls up out of the way and tapped a couple times on the base of the plug. Tapped harder and faster; pushed it in deeper and then tugged it out and pushed it in. My jaw dropped open when I pulled it all the way out and slowly slid it back to the base. I did that a few times.

A shudder passed thru J's belly against my back when I pushed my hips up and fast stoked my cock while slowly gliding the plug in and out of my ass. The fat bulb end just before the base was easy to get past my rings in my ass...I was sweating even as the water cooled. J whispered, "Squeeze it in your ass...."

I did. "Oh fffuuuuckk!" and a flurry with my hand on my cock brought a dense white gob of precome....J grabbed my hands and bit my shoulder. I couldn't breathe, couldn't move; didn't fully come.

When I came down a minute later; the water was cool around us. J pulled the drain plug and the water began to drain. J gently pulled the toy out of my ass. I felt collapsed; empty. And hotter than I could remember. He reached back into the bag and pulled out a proper dildo, veiny and with balls. J set it on my belly, "It's about the same size as D's cock...." He gave me another little tube of lube. I smeared some on the dildo and squirted the rest in my ass.

He stood us up and turned on the shower for warmth, water spraying the wall. He held me in a hug and pressed the head of the dildo in my crack. I groaned and opened my ass to it. The same tight stretchy pain stopped me for a sec, J held me and kissed me, then jabbed deeper. He held me up as I went weak and my eyes rolled back

I arched and pushed it all the way to the balls. He fucked me with it. The feel of the ridge of the head catching on the rings inside of me was super charging my ass. I was in motion....my calves and thighs tensed with energy as I rose up and down on the dildo. My butt cheeks tensed and pushed...my arms and chest couldn't rest as I tried to hold on to J, to the wall... Wave upon wave, I was coming.....only in my ass....J was gripping the base of my cock. He yanked the dildo out of my ass...it thunked on the bathtub as we groped and kissed. I was clawing his back in heat. 
