 I pulled on the worn jeans D requested. It was a little nippy so I put on a long sleeve thermal that was a second skin. I really wanted to be with D; to spend time with him. I missed J too. My phone buzzed; D was down stairs out front. I flashed a grin at myself in the mirror. I dashed down and outta the house, trailing a jacket. He was leaning against his car.

His car was plush. I commented on it; he blushed. I hadn't known he came from money. We got in; as I was leaning to find the seat belt our faces neared each other. One sweet kiss and a quiet, "hello.' And my heart thumped. He leaned back, putting his far elbow on the car door and supporting his forehead..."damn Z." that hand then dropped to his chest, "you get me, buddy..."

"You got my heart thumpin' too."

We sat in silence for a moment. Then we both grinned like fools. "It's good to see you, you look and smell great..." he turned over the engine.

"I missed y'all earlier today....its good to be with you...where's the party?"

"Ah. About that....I'm kinda using you as a shield....long story short: Caleb's ex, now his 'best friend' is having a house party, big DJ up from the Bay. James and Caleb try, and try, and try to get me in bed...it gets under my skin...they think if they get me drunk, every time I'll cave...tough part is, I wouldn't mind but they get aggressive and then drama hits when I don't play along...so...I wonder if you'll....well...d'ya mind acting a little possessive...oh, and not letting me drink or take anything?" We sat at idle at the curb.

"Dustin....hey, look...." He turned in the seat to face me...."the no drink or drug part, I got ya covered. Let's stop and grab our own beverages....and I have no problem keeping you to myself tonight....." I put my hand on his forearm on the console between us. "We're friends and you need me to run interference? Gotcha covered. Let me ask though....are we gonna appear to them as more than friends?"

He grabbed me by the back of the neck and pressed our foreheads together, "See? I knew you'd get it! J usually runs cockblock for me in this crowd...he's out with what's her name...everyone knows J and I are friends and playmates...I said it the other day...I want you in that circle too...so yeah we're gonna be together at this party...if you want..."

I undid the seatbelt and climbed onto his lap, somehow getting my knees next to his hips and my arms behind his back....I opened my mouth to him and drew in his tongue. The moan we made together sent my hairs up on my neck. "I'm all in, buddy..." The steering wheel was killing my lower back. I got stuck getting back in my seat; all the tension melted in the awkward squirming and laughter as I got back into the passenger seat. 

In the market we debated soda vs. sparkling water....I won with water...he conceded but said, "You gotta kiss me, here and now..." I didn't look around even though part of me wanted to scan the aisle for witnesses. One slippery wet tongue kiss in the soda and snack aisle. We checked out and I surprised him by slipping my hand into his back pocket as we crossed the parking lot...he jumped a little and said, "J does that same thing too..." 

We drove over the hill to the huge house. The gate was open; cars lined the white gravel lane. We kissed and groped in the car. He got me super hot...my lips were tingling and our baskets were well filled out. We left our jackets in the car and he carried the four pack of water. A couple of people were out front smoking; D didn't know them well so we went inside. It got ugly immediately.

D was spotted by James right away; when D introduced me James curled his arm around D's waist and D flushed. I took the four pack from D. I calmly held James' eye as I set the water on a side table. I took his hand off of D's ass and formally shook it. "James. Nice to meet you...please don't do that again." I stepped into D's side and turned on the charming smile that had all of my fighting instincts behind it. I wasn't touching D but every part of me was connected to him and I felt that returned from D in that instant. 

James arched an eyebrow at D, "Oooh? Does Jerome know you got a new boy?" It took me a second...J's full name was Jerome...D opened his mouth; I put a hand on his arm for a flash. 

"J? Yeah he does know...and the three of us have plans tomorrow night...oh and please don't call me 'boy.' 

James scorned to look at me...I pushed myself to open my gaze, my self to him....it had grown quiet around us. None of us had raised our voices but the tension in James' and D's faces was thick. I held his gaze, soft and charming. I felt D relax next to me. James suddenly became aware of all the eyes...on him...he shifted gears, personas...now the gracious host, he gave me a quick peck on the cheek and then gestured us into the party. 

D blew out a long breath and looked back worried at James' retreat. "That was remarkably different...J had to slap him once for that same shitty attitude." We were suddenly surrounded by other guys from the swim team; I knew Josh; Kevin was the guy from the locker room the other day. Caleb joined a moment later; red in the face with a wary eye on me...the 90 minutes we spent there was filled with odd social tensions. I was getting kinda fed up. 

I rubbed the back of my neck, "D? Is it odd in here or is it just me?"

"Buddy, its odd as fuck in here..." we had been stationed on bar stools in the main room of the house. People had circulated around us. Josh came back around just then, more than a little drunk. I gave him my seat as he needed to sit. I saw his car keys in one hand. I looked at D, then the keys. D took them outta Josh's hand.

Josh sighed, "Thanks...didn't want the wrong guy to get a hold of those"....he looked around the room and glared at James, "I'm not ready to leave, but if you see me home safe...."

D wrapped him in a head lock and pocketed his keys. "We'll take off in about a half an hour and we'll get you home..."

"Good! Then I can get drunk!

"Drunker..." D said in a light tone....

Josh said "Yup!" pushed himself off of D and headed to the bar, "He never drinks...he's probably had one glass of wine...two and he passes out..."

I was standing against the bar, D was sitting on a stool legs wide. I stepped sideways to put one of his legs behind my back and rested an arm behind his back. We watched the party in comfortable silence. Josh had his second glass of wine and was laughing with Kevin and a couple girls. 

"Z?"

I turned to find his face just inches from mine....it was one of those magnet kisses....he put his arm around my waist along his thigh behind my back. I still felt wary. 

"I could leave any time you want too....I'm glad to be out with you but....this ain't my kinda crowd..."

D pulled me into a full frontal hug, burying his face in my neck....I felt chills as we parted from a couple of the stares we got...."Jealousy sucks as a party guest." D snorted at my quip.

We hooked arms with Josh and walked him to the back seat. Once in the car, he leaned forward and putting one gentle hand on the backs of each of our necks, said, "Nooooowwww...kiss!" D and I kissed hot and quick. "Zach. I dunno what you did to that catty James....but it was awesome to see him shut the fuck down....you done made me proud!"

I laughed at his sudden accent....he was sprawled in the backseat against one door. D started the car and we drove off, "Z. you were pretty awesome there....that look you gave him stripped all his games away....I'd never want to be your opponent....."

"Yup, glad you're on our team!" Josh giggled....D rolled his eyes.

"Josh...I'm taking you home....alone....you're not joining Z and I."

"Aw, c'mon...." he sat up; hugging D from behind....he looked at D then me...

"Josh....you're gonna pass out as soon as its quiet....and you regretted that last time you tried to play with me and J when you were drunk, remember?"

"Oh damn, right!" he did laugh though.

"What happened?" I couldn't resist.

D made a sour face....

Josh said, "not my proudest moment....I threw up...on J's couch...hit my head, needed two stitches....had to miss a week of practice on concussion watch...not the sexiest first attempt at giving head....huh?"

I was stunned.....D nodded....we all busted and as the laughter died down Josh was suddenly quiet....he passed out. We got him home and into bed....stripped him naked and put a bucket and water bottle next to his bed in case. Leaving a light on and his keys under his phone with a text from D, we stepped outside. 

I had begun to get foggy. D hunching down a little, looked at his phone, "I have to get the car back. How about I drop it off and we walk you home?"

"Sure...you alright?"

"I'm tired....its been a long day and that party wasn't much fun..." he wrapped his hand around the back of my neck and smiled with tired eyes.

I couldn't think of anything to say so I just hugged against him, we stood in the entry of Josh's apartment building. We got in the car and drove to his grandparents' house and the car slid silently into the garage. We sat for a minute while the car ticked and whirred. He put one hand on my thigh and the other on my hair. "I wished I weren't so tired, Z. and I really feel bad about dragging you into that drama..."

"D. Will you spend the night? I'd like to sleep with you...talk for a while...remember? We create this relationship....our rules...our...agreements? I'd like to talk a bit...."

I felt him drop against me then, "thanks Z. Let's walk to your place and just hang...I...I think I'd like to stay over."

The fog got dense. D put his arm over my shoulder, I held him at the waist. We walked chatting about our day, our training schedules. We snuck in the kitchen door and grabbed a snack and we both laughed when we sighed as I closed the door to my room. I'd left the space heater on so it was warm. As we snacked he asked about Vic and Will and Tara. I felt completely at ease telling this lover about my other lovers. I hoped they would feel the same.

With a huge yawn D took off his shoes and flopped his head on to my thighs as I sat against the wall on my futon. "What did you want to talk about, Z?"

"Oh....its late. I don't want any stress or pressure....I'm just gonna put this out there...." I was blushing and a tremor passed thru my chest...."I've thought about this...not tonight, but sometime...maybe tomorrow at J's....I'd...I wanna...I want to get fucked...by you...."

He opened his eyes and looked at me from my lap....the blush and nerves melted. He leaned up as he pulled me into a kiss....then moved to lie side by side. "Z," he swallowed hard, "I'd like to....we'll go real slow ok? My time with J was...well...one of the most amazing nights of my life....I want the same for you....having J with us will...I dunno, it'll make sense, ya know?"

I did. It fit. I nodded, feeling vulnerable in a good way. There was nothing else to say. We kissed the simple kisses of tired understanding between lovers. I started to giggle...he looked confused. "I didn't know I was a cornball romantic...." I told him I'd thought the phrase, "simple kisses..." He rolled his eyes and groaned. We got up, I had to brush my teeth; I didn't have a spare brush but he used his finger and mouthwash. 

In my room I set my alarm and we settled in naked. I thought for a minute we would get off together, but sleep won.

My alarm bipped, it was 6:45. I lay under his arm and thigh...his face was in the curl of my neck and shoulder.....we were both humping hard. He opened one eye and said, "Uh uh, nope, not getting up." He nestled in more and squeezed me. 

"Oh we're up...."I thrust my hips and hard cock into his thigh and rolled back my hip into his hard-on. He gave a long low moan and his tongue found the back of my throat. He was then fully on top of me, his legs demanding space between mine. Hot, his cock head found my slightly sweaty ass crack and rooted for my hole. His evil chuckle and teasing thrusts had my back arching. 

"I'm not gonna let us come.....you have to walk around all day...wanting this..." he pushed deep into my mouth with his kiss and the head of his cock pressed hard on my hole...he jumped up, and away. I grabbed my own hair...."fuck that's so evil!...D, dammit"

He pulled me by the hand into a standing hug. I kissed him, suctioning his tongue and spit into my mouth....he groaned....I kept him deep in my mouth. Then I jumped back, knelt on the bed and looked over my shoulder at him, then my ass....he groaned. My evil smile had its turn, "now you have to go all day and think about this...." I wagged my tail at him. He fell on top of me and we ground together, my ass lifting him off the bed in my back thrusts. 

My alarm bipped its 10 minute snooze. With one last mouth watering kiss, panting we parted. He stood and pulled his socks and jeans on. "Get up...get out on your run...." He was having trouble buttoning his fly. I stretched long overhead and grabbed my under armor compression shorts and my running gear. 

"I love ya, Dustin." We were nose to nose leaning on my desk. "Love you too Z!" 

"See you at 7! Let J know what you want to do tonight....he should know too..." At his parting glance and swat on the ass I took off running.

I flew thru my hour-long run. I had my shirt off and my running shorts swinging low around my ass on the walk up the stairs. I didn't even make into the shower before I popped wood. I stood in the mirror and got trembles in my thighs as I jacked up. Cold shower, then a long slow shave and some ass play. The gob of precum worked its way up from my ass and balls. I caught it on two fingers and sucked them clean. I had early practice in a few minutes. I crammed my cock into my jeans and hair still wet was out the door.

I dominated on the mat, running drills against the guys and demonstrating moves with the assistants. I wore almost nothing; we were in the small gym, only eight other guys and two assistants. I was wearing an old singlet that I'd cut down to just shorts; they hugged my ass deep into my crack and the bulge of my balls hung low. My dick head was pointing up to my navel. I kept half hard the whole time. My teammates in my weight class, Brett, Jordan, and Lee all responded to my challenges to work harder. Brett handled himself really well, keeping his wits about him. He had on a jock under last year's training shorts. Lee and Jordan were also free-balling.

The assistant, Klein, (he was another Mike) was really engaged and hands on. He'd graduated three years before and was working on a Masters in Physical Ed. We took a break and Klein followed us into the locker room. He and I complimented Brett on really getting into the training; he usually seemed to be holding back. Klein took off his shirt as we all cooled down for a minute. I took off my shirt and leaned over to Brett, "I wish you were free ballin' too buddy. I bet Klein would if you did..." I love the blush Brett gets. 

Jordan and Lee went back in the small gym. Brett stepped out of his shorts and took of his jock, tossing it into his locker. As he put his shorts back on, I pulled his t-shirt off over his head and tossed that into his locker too. Klein had been on the other side of the locker room; he emptied his water bottle and told us to do some more drills. We went back into the gym where Jordan and Lee were horsing around. We got into drills. Sure enough Klein came out a minute later his track pants replaced with taut training shorts and a visible line of cock. Klein was dark and had huge arms and his thighs had individual lines of muscle, his back was wide and cut. The other five guys on the far side of the small gym were working hard on conditioning drills.

Klein asked to demonstrate a move on me; his sweaty torso on my back was a thrill. He grunted in surprise when I broke the move and got away from him. Jordan took a couple of tries but broke the hold too. Lee about the same. Brett had that hollow look when Klein waved him over to the center of the mat. Klein bested him six times in a row. I pulled Klein aside and told him, "Dismiss the other two, I think we can get Brett to relax, just us..."

The other squad was breaking away too. Klein put his hand on Brett's shoulder and told Jordan and Lee to hit the showers. Klein said, "You can do this...we're here to get you thru...ok?" to Brett who nervously nodded. I got in position, holding eye contact with Brett. It felt damn good when Klein folded over my back and ran his hand down my forearm, then the other around my rib cage...he slid his hand around my pecs and upper abs. I know B saw the pleasure I took from that starting position. 

Klein and I broke the moves down into slo-mo, repeating them, several times. Klein and I were getting fuller hard-ons. I waved Brett over and pushed him onto his knees and folded over his back, "Feel me stud," whispered into his shoulder blade. On his third effort he broke the move. I grabbed his hard ass in a long grope and congratulated him. I held him in the center of the mat and Klein moved in.

Klein said, "Stay loose...don't tense....you got this...." He folded over Brett's back and I only moved far enough away to let them work. I sat with my legs spread my cock now almost fully hard, Klein pinned him four times. Klein sat back on his haunches and rubbed his face in frustration. Klein got up went to the doors and flipped the latches. "off the record guys....ok?"

I nodded and smiled at Brett. "C'mon buddy....get outta your head. Don't think so much...you're such a stud when you stand tall and proud...let yourself, your real self be seen...like last Sunday night." 

Klein didn't say anything as he turned off almost all the lights, Then as he knelt, "I needed a lot of practice before I could be my best with anyone....I never wanted to be seen as weak or different, so I worried a lot about what other people saw me doing. We're gonna practice that move again...but no one's here, no one's coming in...a coach did just this for me early on..." he pointed to the dim surroundings. 

Without saying another word he shucked his shorts and waved me into the center of the mat. Before I got into position I dropped my shorts too. We broke down the move three more times...both of us were rock hard. Brett was fidgeting now, I think fighting an erection. I waved him over to the center of the mat. He sat and looked back and forth between us; almost as if he were shaking his head...I pulled his foot to get his closer. I slid my hands inside his shorts. 

Now naked I put him on the mat and pinned him quickly twice; I let my moans at touching him get louder. He got the move broke on the third try and completely avoided it on the fourth. He was about half hard. Klein pushed my hip to move me off Brett.

Brett arched a little when Klein settled on top of him. Klein took a long time holding Brett and just saying, "breathe into it...feel my grips and weight balance...relax, breathe." Brett broke the hold the second attempt. He avoided it the fourth try. 

Klein grabbed him by the shoulders as they knelt and butted foreheads smiling. We all three had swollen red cocks. Klein said, "You two want some time to practice that here...? I'll take off..."

In the first words he said all day Brett said to me..."Z-z-Zach...w-w-will you w-w-w-watch, p-p-p-please? This-this-this is im-im-important f-for me." Not sure what he wanted I nodded. 

Brett took Klein by the hips and pulled him down on top of him. Klein was shocked but when Brett asked, "Can we come like-like-like this?" Klein agreed with a huge smile. They humped and sweated, grunted together. I got to stroke along at their pace. 

"Klein, suck his lips....he loves that..." Brett flashed me a look but was interrupted by the hotness of Klein's sucking kiss. Brett lifted them both off the mat in his arch and came and came. His shudders set off Klein's orgasm too. I barely stopped; the shivers in my belly and ass were hot and sweet. As they rode their come down, Brett smiled and tossed his bangs back.
