 My alarm woke me. My hand was holding my balls supporting a raging boner. I slid outta bed and did some warm ups; I needed to run. I stuck my head out, looked out the hallway window at the flat grey skies, no rain. My boner hadn't eased. As I pulled on running shorts and socks my head was foggy; I felt a rejection of the fears of last nights. I remembered how I'd made everyone laugh in class; how easy it was for me to be loving. I had to laugh at myself, wishing I had a soundtrack to my life: cue meaningful music! 

The run cleared my head and settled my nerves. It was chilly and breezy. I waved at neighbors. I planned my day. I'd get to edge for some time this morning, maybe combine it with yoga in my room. I had classes before and after lunch; I'd try and connect with Brett. Oh yeah, I was gonna check out that couple from last week. I'd work out before practice. House meeting; I'd have to email the agenda before class this morning and prep my notes as Secretary. Tonight massage time with Isaac!

I flew through my run, went a few minutes extra. As I bounded up the stairs I saw a note on my door. From Cory, "See me when you get in? Just knock." I peeled off my soaking shirt and knocked on his door. He opened it and gave me that sheepish smile.

"Hey, gotta minute?"

"Sure, of course. How're ya doing?"

He ran a hand thru his hair and held the back of his own neck, looking at the ceiling. "Uhm...not sure. I am confused I guess about last night. I remember some things like I was watching a movie or something...."

"Ok."

He cut me off, "so I'd been not sleeping and started taking a new medicine. I woke up one morning in the dark sitting at the kitchen table. So I think I'm sleepwalking..."

I laughed. "I had that thought last night! You didn't seem to be all there..."

He didn't seem to relax, "Uhm...so I...did I offend you or anything?"

"no." was all I said and made him look at me in my firm silence. A smile grew between us. "Tell me what you remember."

"First, first I should tell you that I'm sorry to worry you, I recall that. I've been single for three months; we weren't that serious anyway. So, I don't know where that thought of 'cheating' came from."

"So no problem then, right?"

"No, I guess not...I mean..."

"Cory. Take it easy on yourself. We jacked off listening to each other...so what. I've heard you before, you've heard me and other guys in the house spanking it...c'mon...you play rugby, you're around guys all the time...everyone jacks off..." Now he relaxed.

"So we're cool, no bad feelings?"

"None. I thought it was hot. It gave me an extra something. And to be honest, I was glad to see you in the shower. You need to relax more often, let you guard down, connect with us here in the house. In fact, I'm about to shower in a sec, come chat with me?"

He looked back at his desk, piled with work. "I hear you. I gotta drop this project off in half an hour or I would..." he chewed his lip. 

I stood on my tiptoes to get my face on his shoulder in a close but friendly hug, "OK. I'm really glad you're ok. Let's hang out soon?"

He had me in a one arm hug, stiff and awkward, "Yeah. I'd like that." And let me go sudden. 

In my room my phone was flashing messages, one from study group and one from Carl, my friend who lives across the hall, "Heey buuuddy! Nearly home. My room has been closed. Would you pop in and turn on the heater for me? It's been brutal cold back there at the coast and I'm tried of freezing!" I was naked; I shrugged and stepped across the hall. I opened his room; it was cold. I spun the knob on his space heater. The window wasn't pushed down all the way, only a fraction but it made a difference. His bedding was folded on his unmade bed. 

I shrugged and made his bed. Snickering at the thought of being a naked house boy, I put an apple from my backpack on his pillow with a note, "Welcome home. I ate some of your chocolate ice cream. Fresh bed and apple make it up?" In the shower I just stood there and let the water fall over me. I didn't need to shave but ran a razor over my face and a few spots anyway. I heard someone in the hall. I let my hands roam as I put on lotion. I was squeezing the tube to get the last. 

"Looking good, Wollinowski!" I jumped a bit. It was Mike, the absent.

"It's Mike the absent!" He laughed while at the urinal. 

"See you at the formal meeting." And he went into his room. In my room I drafted a quick agenda and checked email. My belly rumbled to life. I pulled on my old cotton PJ bottoms and a T, made dash for a piece of fruit ate it in a few bites. I did some naked yoga in my room. The urge to edge wasn't really there. I sent a few texts to team mates spreading the unofficial word that we could be causal in practice, got some immediate 'woohoos' and 'hell yeahs.' I dug out a worn pair of cut off sweats and a sleeveless, side-less T. The thought of free balling with thirty other guys got me. 

I pushed my door open. I did get into stroking then. He precum was flowing, my ass was achy and bouncy on chair. I stopped my self just at the edge three times in 15 minutes. I felt that purr in my pube...I wished it were warmer...I snorted: I wanted to walk out bare-assed and spend my day with out clothes. I checked the weather; it was supposed to warm into the 60's and get sunny. 

My compromise was to choose an old pair of chinos and free-ball it. They were baggy a bit in the front but that made my cock a straight line down below the fly. I packed my bag and hit the pavement. Classes were uneventful but productive. I had a short lab for the Friday lecture where I saw that hot couple. They were in the lab too. I nodded and sat near them. The TA announced a small group assignment, 3-4 per group. The noise level shot up as friends and strangers combined. I leaned over extending my hand, "I'm Zach, let's work together?"

"Will and Tara," she smiled, he continued, "let's be a team of three, k? Too many cooks and all that." 

"Perfect. I like that idea." I pulled out my phone and we exchanged info. 

"Don't you know Victoria? I'm on squad with her."

That's where I knew her from, she played soccer too. "Yeah. I just ran into her last week. We're hanging out for a study break Thursday." He was very interested by the shine of his eyes and his way of leaning forward. The TA called the lab quiet and one group at a time we logged our names in our groups. When Tara leaned over to sign up Will raised his eyebrows at me then ogled her ass. I gave him a quick nod. When he bent over, she stepped back I ogled his ass. 

After I put my name down; Will patted my mid back and we shook hands. Tara smiled as she sat down. The last of the groups signed up and the TA went thru the assignment. I fought image of both their asses under my tongue and cock. She said something to me under her breath; he was looking right at me, "Sorry, daydreaming, what?"

"I said I'm glad we got the only other jock in the room, we all have sports in common. Will is cross country, I'm soccer and you're on wrestling scholarship, right?

"Yeah. Cool." The TA threw us a look. We sat up and paid attention. Will put his hand on her thigh, she took it in hers and the rubbed and toyed with each others fingers. Lab ended, my dick was stretching some down my thigh. I had only a few minutes to get to another class. We agreed to text before Friday's lecture to plan work group. They took off hands in each other's back pockets. This was going to be fun!

My next class was in the same building but up four floors and on the far side. I hustled. The elevators were packed, I knew, so I planned to climb the far stair. As I crossed the lobby my cock was swinging. Taking the stairs, thinking of their asses again, I started showing. I got to the huge lecture hall and sat in the back at the top. I shoved my hand down my pocket, tugged my cap lower and edged right there thru the hour lecture. Thankfully the prof was using the projector so the lights we dimmed. 

I grabbed a sandwich from a food cart and huddled in the weak sun. Next lecture was one of my favorites and the 90 minutes flew by. Checking my phone for the first time since lab; nothing. I sent texts to Brett, J&D, and my brother. He and I texted back and forth, as I took my time getting to the gym for pre-practice workout. A couple of other teammates were in the locker room, we did a heavy circuit workout together. I was eager to get into the locker room and get naked. 

I had my shirt off and my shorts rolled down to my pube before the locker room door closed. My jockstrap top was sweaty and itchy, but I loved my ass sliding free in my shorts. At my locker, shoes still on; I bent ass up and wiggled out of them. I was pumped from the workout and the edging this morning was having dividends: my cock slapped my thighs as I walked to piss and wash my hands and face. I grabbed a small towel and got into the dry sauna. I bullshitted with two teammates in the sauna; we all sat comfortable naked. My cock was snaking between my thighs on the towel. I swiped sweat off my abs and pube a couple of times but neither guy played along, that's cool. 

I rinsed off to cool down and went into the steam room; someone had added a spray bottle of dilute eucalyptus oil: heaven! Josh from the swim team was in the steam in a corner. He quietly greeted me and leaned back; he was trim and had the best lean hips. At the cabin he was comfortably naked a lot. His cock was hard enough to hover just above the towel he was sitting on. We had the awesome game of I touch myself after you touch yourself. 

The door swung open and two of my teammates came in, we didn't cover ourselves as you had to look to see the ¾ hard-ons thru the steam. They were carrying on about the girls they'd fucked this weekend and we all jumped in on the conversation. I was getting overheated, so I showered off. I remembered Coach wanted to see me before practice. I tugged on the cut-offs and almost-not-there-T and my mat shoes. Drying my hair a bit in the long mirrors next to the lockers the head of my cock was clearly outlined and my full balls were two perfect eggs. 

I knocked on Mac's door; the bolt snapped and he opened it, "Wollinowski." His eyes stopped at my nipple exposed on the right by my slit open T. He pulled the door open and stepped back into his office. He was wearing a school sweat shirt and grey jersey shorts. From the jiggle and swing when he moved, Coach was free balling too. He kept the door open. The noise level began to rise in the locker room he stepped thru the door, "Keep it down, you monkeys!" of course the quiet monkey chatters were heard in response, but they were much quieter. 

I leaned on the work table at the door side, opposite the bench I'd sat at yesterday; his desk was next to the work table. He pointed at the worktable; it was covered with schedules, tables and assignments. "Review those quick." He went to his locker and pulling off the sweat shirt put on a well fitted T. As I leaned on my elbows reviewing the team's numbers Mac stood next to me. I could feel the heat coming off him. "Eucalyptus in the steam room, huh?" and he sniffed over my shoulder.

"Yeah, awesome." I shifted my weight on to one foot, my ass sticking out. I looked at the bottom of one of the assignment tables; the long shaft of Coach's dick was pressed against the front of his shorts. A light unnoticeable shiver ran down my spine to set my ass and balls spinning. If we stood here for long; I was gonna pop wood. Still unsure of Mac, I asked a few question. He pointed out he answers, highlighted one thing he needed to correct. He put his arm over my shoulders and pushed me out the door. "See you on the mat, Zach.

We all met in the big mat room Coach had us laughing and eager to win in a few minutes. He strode the length of the line of us as we sat or sprawled on the floor. Each step was a tease as he swung in his shorts pouch. From where I was sitting most guys never took their eyes off of him, either keen on his face or up and down the length of him. Brett was off to one side. He had that way of disappearing. I caught his eye; he was hollow. 

Coach had talked for about 45 minutes; guys were getting restless. I was sitting with my legs spread. I caught Coach's eye and openly adjusted my pouch and looked to the locker room. I had to piss. Coach called a break, nodding at me. I caught up to Brett after a long hot piss. "Hey, man. How ya doing?"

"Long n-n-n-night. B-b-bad d-d-ay. Hard-hard ch-ch-choices." 

I grabbed his head in a headlock and whispered, "I'll do anything to see you smile." He looked fragile enough that the guys didn't harass him. He could disappear just like that! in a crowd. 

"Th-th-th-thanks. I-I-I'll t-t-take you up on th-th-that some-some-some-time. I-I-I-I'll g-g-get my own p-p-p-place t-t-tom-tom-tomorrow." He hid his face behind his hair. He was tearing up. I nodded to the sinks and he splashed his face. Coach blew his whistle and for the next hour we got into the details of the training calendar, the assignments for each member. That was hard hearing guys kinda get called out. Coach settled them by saying, "I can out you on your shortcomings here now, in an open reasonable manner or I can yell at you in practice. This way you're armed and ready to improve and help each other." I felt the sparks of eagerness swell thru the room.

Coach called an end to practice. I said to Brett, "I've got time to hang before my meeting..."

"My-My par-parents are are are p-p-picking me up-up-up t-t-to sign new-new-new l-l-l-lease." 

"Do you want to stay over?" I ached to see him so broken and empty.

He nodded, "yeah, b-b-but I-I-I w-w-won't. N-N-Need to be to be a-a-lone."

"OK. But the offer stands, 24/7. I'd sneak you in the kitchen after hours, got it? Just call or text, buddy." We got dressed in silence the rest of the team gave him the space he needed. One of the big guys, a senior, Taylor, nudged me and quietly aside, "Is he okay?"

I nodded, "Bad breakup. Heart broken. Go easy, your job is to tell the guys ok?" He gave me one nod and lumbered off. Coach caught that from his office door and he nodded too. Brett looked back over his shoulder from the door and gave a weak nod and was gone. The locker room almost felt like a vacuum after all that excitement and emotion. I blew out a breath. 

The clock said I had 40 minutes until I had a five minute walk to the house meeting. I got a drink of water, pissed again, stepped on the scale. To be honest I wanted to fuck right then. I felt so damned alive. I lifted off my shirt. The only movement was out of sight in Coach's office. I folded the thick waist band of my shorts until my pube was bare and my ass floated above my thighs. I had one hand full of my shirt, the other rested on my left ass cheek. I set my shirt on the work table.

"Mac, you ever feel so alive you almost can't stand it?"

He spun in his office chair and held his silence. Part of me saw myself falling to my knees between those sturdy thighs. "Yeah, Zach, I get that a lot. I try and give it away. Go warm down in the shower. Pay it forward to the next schmuck." His face was partially hidden under his cap and the shadow from his overhead lamp. 

"Thanks, Mac. Will do." I pushed off the door jamb and had my hands on my ass cheeks to push my shorts off. At my locker now naked and bare foot Mac called my name and was walking towards me with papers in his hands.

"Your copies and T shirt. Tell these monkeys casual wear until tournament time, alright?" He put my copies and T-shirt on the bench next to where I stood; bending down his face was almost even with my pube. As he stood his eyes stayed level and at my face bored into me, "Hit the showers, stud."

I edged in the shower, hoping....his door was closed, no luck for me. I went as far as slipping a soapy finger in my ass and had a slight shuddering near orgasm in the shower. My boner made a tent in my chinos. I used the book bag cover trick until I got a hold of it thru my pocket. One hour until Isaac! I packed my gear to wash it and headed out.

I had a few minutes to kill, had a smoothie. Started laundry, changed into some baggy sweats and a long sleeve T; the grand room got cold. I emailed everyone the agenda and sat in a corner to type the minutes as events occurred. Dale and Isaac stood side by side and seeming chummy. Carl sat nearby me, as Vice President he had no real duties. Cory came in at the last minute and hovered near the door. He did make eye contact and gave an awkward little wave. I just went on autopilot to type. The meeting flew by.

I stretched in my chair and Carl, Dale and Cory were suddenly converging over me. Isaac hung back and kinda grinned. I side hugged each, my phone buzzed on the chair where I'd left it. They all three wanted something; I smirked and starting with Cory, listening. Turns out all three wanted to hang with me tonight: I told them I had plans with Isaac. And then set Dale and Carl on Cory, insisting they go show him a good time; outta the house. They left with him in the middle looking a bit dazed. 

"Let's fly, before I'm swamped again..." I mumbled to Isaac. On my way to my room I checked my phone, Brett had texted, and "Can I stay over after all? Company would be appreciated..." I let him know, "Of course. When? I'm with Isaac for a few hours." 

He replied, "Just before 11 if that offer for breaking curfew stands." 

"Perfect. I'll be in the kitchen after you text when you're close and we'll 'sneak' you in..."

"Thanks. I need a hug."

"All night long!"

"See ya, goofball."