 J flopped on the bed and immediately spooned against my ass. When he started biting my neck and jaw from behind I got aggressive. I wanted to come again. "D?....roll over for me?" J went still. Dustin stared at me for a long moment then rolled on to his belly. I kissed him as I settled on to his back, cock hard in his butt crack. J provided some lube and spit and I humped D's ass...J got his tongue working in my ass again too.

I was happy to hump his ass; it was hot and got him moaning and squirming....he grabbed a handful of my hair and in a hoarse whisper, "Z...get a rubber. I want you to fuck me..." He had that awkward shy look....but he was back thrusting against my thrusts. J wrapped my cock...I'd gotten butterflies suddenly. J lovingly lubed D's ass....somehow working his face in between us to tongue my head and D's shiny hole. 

I held my breath as D reached back, gripped me hard and guided me into his ass....he gasped and pulled away a couple of times, but worked his way down the length of my cock....J murmured and massaged D. He got his hands around me on my ass and grunted as I went balls deep.

I was aching with anticipation to fuck him....I rocked above him, gentle and waiting. He relaxed into the mattress and with a sigh said, "OK...fuck me...Z...fuck me til we come...." It was a long slow fuck....I mostly just lifted my ass moving in small circles at times. D reached a point where he pushed up with his knees and I was riding his back. He got wilder and wilder. J worked under him and started blowing him. They moved into a 69. J toyed with my balls which made me arch back...my ass came alive again.

"J, fuck me too!" In a flash at my request J was wrapped and lubed on my back, nipping my ears and neck...teasing my hole with his fat dick head. I was amazed at how easily he slid into my ass....he held my hips and when I grunted he pushed me down onto D's back who took the weight of us....J pounded down once...D felt the weight and grunted...J was in charge...he set the pace....D found the energy to fuck back.

I froze in passion, in the middle...I was dripping sweat again...I couldn't get a grip on D as he came alive under me...J's teeth and tongue were like fire on my neck and shoulders...his hands seemed to be everywhere...I was completely at their mercy....

I don't know who came in what order or how long we fucked. I do know that D somehow held our combined body weight and full force fucking....when J's cock retreated and he fell on his side, my mouth was dry. I held the rubber and pulled out...D's ass grabbed at my dickhead and he fondled my balls as a way of keeping me in his ass for a minute. When I was out, I collapsed as I tossed the rubber. J was the first to recover and he wiped us up with a hand towel. D was still hard.

"D? How do you want to come?" I nudged him in the ear with my lips. He lifted his head up and looked at my groin. I was about ¾ hard....

He reached for a new condom and worked onto his dick...he kissed me and took me by the hips, pulling me onto his lap. 

"Ride me, Z. I wanna fuck you til I come..." He folded his arms over his head. J held my shoulders and guided D's cock against my ass. I wanted him inside of me. I was tender and had to ease up a couple of times. My cock was floppy against my balls and his belly. I settled on his groin. He ran his hands up my thighs, cupped my ass and lifted me up, his cock slid almost out, the flaring head tugging from inside. He released me suddenly and I dropped hard on his pube. 

I yelped and grabbed both his pecs in my hands. He lifted me again by my ass cheeks. I felt the effort thru his pecs. With a devilish grin he reversed the effort quickly and jammed me down on his cock. The yelp transformed into an open mouth silent "O!" He lifted me again and again pushed me down onto his cock, this time thrusting up into me. A lighting bolt shot up my spine at the bottom of the drop. He lifted me again and I held my thighs tense....keeping him just inside of me; he thrust up into me three four five times...my thighs quivered and I dropped down, he was deep into me. 

I broke a sweat. I met his up thrusts with down thrusts. This was a fuck of a different kind. Fiercely he fucked me for his pleasure. I met his athleticism with hard caught breaths. He suddenly flipped us. I was on my back; he had his chest against mine pinning my shoulders to the pillows, my legs up high on his hips. Just his ass rose up and pounded down into me. I was getting hard again, feeling him lose himself in his fuck feeling his abs grind and hump my cock and balls. 

Dustin was sprinting inside of me...fast sharp slaps echoed as lighting bolts from my ass to my brain. I thought for a moment, this is getting fucked. D pushed hair outta my eyes and when he looked into me I knew how much this meant to us. He was able to lose himself in my gaze....he thrusts became less rhythmic and stayed inside of me more. His hands held my hair. J curled around us.

I came. Nothing really ejaculated, but my ass flexed and jumped...I lost breath and saw only the flecks of amber in his eyes. My cock jumped and the fire in my ass made my arms and legs, toes and fingers contract and spasm. D kept fucking. J lubed two of his fingers with his own spit. D saw this and his thrusts got more erratic. Out of the corner of my eye I saw J in the mirror jam two fingers into D's ass....

D drove his tongue down my throat and he leapt back against J's fingers as he came....I felt his heart stop and flutter....his dick grated my button and swelled inside of me. I squeezed him from inside and with my legs. His waves of convulsions rocked the bed. J drove deeper into D's ass. He fell. He was still in my ass, my mouth. Without looking I could tell when J pulled his fingers out of D's ass when he grunted and came a couple more waves.

We three were still. J uncurled a bit and his snake of a cock, hard, burrowed between our abs. In a couple of jerky humps, J came again too. I felt a tiny trickle of come in my navel. I awoke much later warmly crushed by both. My bladder and ass needed emptying. I crept back into bed after and don't remember awaking again in the dark.

I heard the shower start and still had a warm belly against mine. D was on top of me, still asleep almost snoring. I blinked the sleep away. My ass was stretchy sore. My cock felt raw as did my neck, face and shoulders. The running water sounded so soothing. D stirred above me. When he opened his eyes, he took my mouth into a kiss that we lost ourselves in so that we both shuddered when it ended. 

"Zach, I love you."

"I Love you too Dustin." 

It was simple and easy to say. We unfolded at the same time and showered with J. Naked breakfast, we all hung on each other at any chance. By 1030 D had to go to work. I sat on his lap on the couch and greedily kissed and held him. J joined us for a few minutes of quiet cuddling. D got up with one more light kiss for each of us. I was sad a tiny bit to see him in jeans, shirt over one shoulder as he looked for his shoes. J was spooned behind me on the couch, his hand on my chest. 

D was naked to the waist, his pants still undone as he sat on the coffee table and tied his shoes. He held my face for a moment, kissed J then took possession of my mouth again. I sat up and walked him to the door, where we hugged while he groped my whole body. He left. J was standing in the hallway, one hand on the wall. 

"Can you spend the day with me?" he cocked his head and looked kinda shy.

I had no real plans, some homework, the gym, a phone call with my therapist and then dinner date with Will and Tara. 

"Yeah...I want to be with you too."

Naked, I borrowed his laptop and logged on to do a study guide and work on the lab project. J propped up next to me and read. A couple of hours later we were interrupted by grumbling bellies. He said he had nothing in the house so were about to order Thai when both our phones beeped texts. It was D, he was off work early and asking to hang. We snapped a pic of us in bed studying and said, "Thai food in 30?" He shot back, "hellyeah!" 

D swung by and picked up the Thai food; he undressed and brought the food in to the bedroom. We attacked the meal. D opened a text book and we all settled in to work. Finally my back was too tight to lie still any longer. I got up and phoned Carol. We talked while I did some stretches for my back. It was great to feel connected to sooo many people. Carol listened, and offered warmth, that was all. 

Back in the bedroom my glutes and quads were uncomfortably worn out. I seriously doubted I could hit the gym today, after the strenuous fucks from last night. When J suggested we all go swim together I told them how sore I was. They immediately pressed me face down into the mattress and spent a delicious 45 minutes massaging and stretching me. We were all still drained from the epic three way and no one got more than a little chubby. 

We made it to the pool and they were the slowest sloppiest laps I've ever done, but I got my 30 minutes in. The steam room was heaven, especially when J continued to massage my ass and thighs. We all three got hard, but only edged together. We grabbed a smoothie at the market and all three of us cruised Vic at the coffee bar. I could tell by her looks, she knew....I texted her on the way out, "Join us sometime?"

"Oh damn yes!yes!yes!" she shot right back. I told the boys and they howled like coyotes in unison. We laughed as we climbed the stairs to J's. Honestly, if I hadn't had plans with Will and Tara I'd've stayed and fucked them all over again. As it was I said quiet goodbyes as they curled up on the couch. 

I dragged my ass up to my room and crashed. I'm not usually a napper, but that hour was well spent. My phone beeped a text from Isaac, "Yoga today?"

"Yup. Now?"

"On my way..."

I'd turned up the space heater when I came in so it was toasty warm. I lay naked and edged the few minutes it took him to get to my room. He tapped on the door and came right on in, dropping off all his clothes in a flash. I got up and complained about how drained I was. He turned me around and in my mirror pointed to the nibble and scratch marks. We laughed as we started to do yoga. He led us. We both stayed hard the whole time. The session brought me back to buzzing normal. 

When we'd done almost an hour, he pinned me down in a 69 and said, "Let's edge...I've got plans with Dale later and I'm not gonna let him get away this time..." his wicked gleam got me laughing; it was great to feel alive and charged up. We slurped and teased each other for a long time....I was on my back on the floor, Isaac was above me. I was slurping upward to deep throat him. He was sloppily bobbing on my rock hard cock, my balls were tight against the base....I'd kept my legs close, my ass was still tender. When Isaac got his tongue below my balls, I gulped him deeper. He nudged my thighs open with his scratchy beard. 

His tongue slid over my ass.....I humped against it. He swirled his tongue over and around and I froze....he started to fuck my face....he got his tongue as far as it would go....I wanted more....my legs flew up to give him full access, he chuckled and broke thru my assring with two fingers...shocking tremors flowed outward from my ass to my thighs and abs...I pulled his cock deeper into my throat....I wanted to come when he came.....

He jumped up laughing....one pearl of precum became a thread that dripped down to my face as he stood over me....

"I would've come like that...." I could barely get my breath yet....

"Me too...I had to stop though....I didn't want too..." He pulled me up onto my feet and kissed me, his tongue hot on mine. 

"Cold showers?" he nodded towards the door. 

Without hesitating I opened the door. We snagged towels just as I realized Carl was sitting at his desk across the hall headphones on; he must have sensed the movement. He turned and went eyes wide, staring hard at our drippy dicks. He pulled off his headphones, "Daaaamn."

I tilted my head, "join us in edging in the shower, stud?"

He had his sweats and T-shirt on the floor before he could answer. He must've been really horny because he leapt to full dripping erection by the time we got under the spray. He asked us to retell what we'd just done...Isaac and I jacked ourselves while giving a recap of our edging 69. Carl's eyes were fixed on my ass.....we all stopped short of coming. 

As we toweled off, I had a thought...."Carl...would your gal let you get a massage? One that included edging perhaps?" 

Isaac and Carl both lit up...."She's warming to the idea of me having some play time with others...she can't take all of my energy all the time. And hey, it's a massage, right?"

"Let's plan a four handed massage for him, Isaac?"

"That is brilliant!"

We parted at my door. I rolled thru a few more poses just to toy with my cock from different angles. Dinner was in an hour. Thinking of Will, I pulled on running gear and did a hard slow 45 minutes run down by the river where there are lots of little hills. I got back to the house in time to shower, touch up on the shaved bits and meet them as they pulled up in Will's classic Rambler. 

The vintage car had the old style bench front seat; Tara slid over to let me in. The red leather glowed; Will flushed and his eyes lit up too when Tara held my face and gave me a light kiss. Will grabbed me next and squeezed Tara between us, he was sexier as his tongue slipped over my teeth. 

The car growled away from the curb. I felt it in my butt. I couldn't help it: I giggled and told them. The both busted out loud. We chatted the few blocks to the Italian place for dinner. Thankfully we shared food; I wasn't really keeping track of my diet these past couple of days. There was heavy flirting all around. I could smell Tara's cologne and musky girl scent. At one point she got up to go the bathroom. Will gripped my bicep across the table and grinned, "We are sooo hot for you..."

I felt the flush of excitement pour down my chest to start to fill my cock. I glanced down, "I am too..." He trailed his hand down my arm to cup my cock and balls. Then leaned back; the invitation was too good, I groped him too. We were in the back of the bistro and had some privacy. When Tara returned Will said, "We just groped each other..." She smirked and opened her small purse; a bright green pair of panties was on top.

"I took these off..." She lifted the edge of her skirt and flashed Will then me her bare and glistening pussy. Over fruit for desert we all got handfuls of each other...Will dipped a finger into Tara...she moaned. He licked it clean, dipped it again and presented it to me...the combined taste of her and feel of him in my mouth brought a shiver that ended in my ass. I had the clear image of me in Tara, Will in me...

We walked over to the cinema side-by-side-by-side. The movie was packed so there was little play; Tara sat between us at first, then they switched as she curled up almost in the same seat. Will then pressed our sides together and draped a forearm along my thigh. Tara kept a light touch on Will's chest and belly. When the lights came up we hurried to the car. 

Will unlocked the door and Tara climbed in ahead of me, as I bent to get in Will cupped my balls from behind as Tara grabbed my ears and planted a wet smacking kiss on my lips. Tara and I continued the kiss as Will got around the car and got in the driver's seat. I felt his warm hand on the back of my neck. His face pulled Tara away from my kiss. They melted mouths into each other. Will pushed her back onto my lap; his ass humped up. Their moans got me hotter and hotter. Will looked up at me.

I jumped in shock when he bit and nibbled at my boner thru my jeans. Tara added her teeth lightly too...I could only spread my legs to let them in....Will kept humping Tara...I swatted his ass....he leaned up and dug his tongue under mine. 

I shuddered. A horn honked behind us...looking around Will and I realized someone waited for our parking spot....from my lap Tara said, "Your place, Will?" We nodded and he sat up and started the car. Tara curled between us, her face in my lap and her ass against Will's thigh as he drove. At a stop sign he pulled me into a teasing kiss; Tara giggled as we kinda smooshing her under us. My phone buzzed in my coat pocket. Tara lifted it out for me. 

My brother had texted and called twice. I apologized to Will and Tara and called him right away, it must've been important. Tara sat up and flashed me her bare ass as she and Will made out while we drove to his place. My brother picked up on the first ring.

"Sorry man, I was seeing a movie, on a date, what's up?"

"Who's your date...?"

"Will and Tara...we're headed back to their place now..."

His silence unnerved me a bit, then he calmed me, "Ri," That's his nickname for me, one he only uses between us, "that's awesome. We really need to catch up. Here's the deal. There's a huge ice storm coming. If I leave here early, and we drive right away we should beat the storm and get to the cabin. They're already saying they're probably gonna cancel classes tomorrow. We can spend the couple of days together..."

"Yeah, hell yeah. I want to do just that. I need to see you, bro. What time will you roll into town?"

"I'll leave here by six, pick you up at 8. I'll let Mom and Dad know we're going out to the cabin...."

"We'll grab supplies on the way outta town here..."

"Get back to your dates!"

"Love ya," and I hung up, Will looked at me, "That was my brother; we're taking off for a couple of days to my parents beach cabin...we both need some down time. We're gonna drive early and beat the storm." I was suddenly really eager to see him.

Will pulled into a parking spot in front of a huge old house, "you guys are pretty close?"

"Yeah, well we are twins...but I'm close to our older brother too. I'm lucky I've got good family, I guess."

Tara was nibbling Will's neck and ears. He pulled he back a sec, "let's go upstairs...and talk a while, ok?" He flashed me a nervous smile over her shoulder.

I felt awkward then too. We all tumbled outta the car and climbed the rickety back stair case to his dormer apartment. It was warm and the giant tatty L-shaped couch was big enough for us three to pile together, Will on his back, Tara and I laying half on top of him. Once we got to talking; it was easy between us again. We talked past midnight. I began to yawn. I felt close and comfortable with them. 

"Guys, this was a great first date....let's call it a night, ok?"

Tara said, "Yeah...we had our 'first kisses', there's no rush....for more..."

Will had his arms around our backs. He squeezed us together. "Z, we'll drive ya home..."

"Naw. Its only a few blocks....you guys stay warm and cozy...I'll walk...." I held his eye for s sec and we fell into a gentle warm kiss. Tara pulled me away to kiss her with the same ease. I felt my and Will's pulses in our crotches starting to bump up...but really I was too tired. I nestled into their embrace for a minute, and then drug myself away. As I was putting on my shoes, Tara went to the toilet. 

Will curled around my hips, "You want to stay?"

"Oh yeah, I want to...but I'm tired....and let's go slow, ok?" He smiled back up at me. 

"I want to walk you home....kinda like an old fashioned gentleman thing, ya know?"

Tara flushed and came out of the bathroom, "You staying Zach?"

I blushed. We all wanted to sleep over....and we didn't want to...

"I'm gonna walk him home, babe." Will slipped on his boots and Tara nodded. She bent to peck us both on the lips and quickly covered a yawn with her smile. She snuggled on the couch under a fuzzy throw. Will and I ducked the swinging branches just outside his door; the wind was picking up.
