 Pelaam© June 2009.

 2 : Tiger, Tiger

Misha drifted into awareness, woken not by a sound but a delectable sensation. Butterfly kisses fluttered along his chest. Without opening his eyes, he reached out and stroked his fingers through long, silken hair. He growled deep in his throat when the kisses trailed lower, down his jaw, his collarbone to one of his nipples and a soft, warm tongue amorously bathed the nub to hardness. 

"Daniel," Misha groaned. 

Daniel smiled at Misha's moans of pleasure then licked at Misha's other nipple, feeling it harden beneath his tongue. He began to nibble and kiss his way back up Misha's neck. He moved until he was straddling Misha's lap, then slowly bent forward to press a gentle kiss to his mate's mouth. 

At the same time that their mouths met, Misha brought both hands up to slowly caress the smooth, warm skin of Daniel's back. He slid fingertips to trail from the nape of his mate's neck down to the alluring curve of buttocks and back again. When he felt a warm tongue lick across his lips, Misha opened them in invitation. 

Deepening the kiss, Daniel hungrily explored as much of Misha as he could. He loved the taste of his lover and entwined their tongues amorously together. Daniel wanted to add to the wonderful sensations and began a gentle rocking of his hips. The movement caused his erection to brush lightly against Misha's, making both men groan out their pleasure. The need for air made Daniel break their kiss. He pulled back to meet Misha's passion-filled gaze. 

"I want you," he panted breathlessly. 

"Yes," Misha replied simply. 

Daniel brushed Misha's lips once more in a soft gentle kiss then nibbled his way across to suck lightly on an earlobe. He ran his tongue around the outside of Misha's ear, down the side of his neck, and to his shoulder. His eyes raked over the powerful, furred body of his lover. Sometimes Daniel could scarcely belief all this magnificence was his. He sat up and, raising one hand, looked sultrily at Misha from half-lidded espresso orbs. He slid the hand across his own chest to the ring in his left nipple; a gold ring that Misha had not only made personally for him but engraved with the word 'forever'. 

Watching Daniel perform above him, Misha remembered back to the shy fawn Daniel had been. The younger man's confidence had increased steadily and Misha was pleased to see that confidence expressed so freely when they made love. To him, this beautiful, gentle man was the most sensual being he had ever seen. Moreover, he belonged to Misha, this was his mate. Not willing to wait another second, Misha reached out with one hand to run his fingers over the smooth, silken chest, then slid his hand up replace Daniel's at the nipple ring. 

Smiling, partly shy, partly seductive, Daniel placed his hands on his own thighs and arched his back, rotating his hips a circular motion. 

Bringing his other hand up, Misha stroked and pinched at Daniel's tightened nubs. He slid his hands around to Daniel's back. The bigger male then sat up and pulled his mate closer to latch onto the ringed nipple, sucking hard. 

"Oh, Misha," Daniel whimpered his need. "More, please." 

Misha suckled each juicy nubbin thoroughly, growling softly at the more impassioned cries from his mate when he laved the bejewelled bud. Flicking his tongue through the ring caused Daniel to arch more, making tiny, erotic, whimpering sounds. Misha rumbled a low, deep reverberation of approval. His cock, just as his mate's, was hard and leaking. Misha gently massaged the soft, round nether cheeks then rolled their bodies to loom over the more slender form. He gripped Daniel's wrists, pinning them over his head, and claimed his mouth in a hard, passionate kiss. 

Certain he had thoroughly ravished Daniel's mouth, Misha pulled back to gaze into loved-filled chocolate pools. He began to gently stroke over Daniel's stomach, brushing across Daniel's navel and then to run his fingers through soft, chestnut, pubic fur. Licking his lips, Misha closed his fingers around Daniel's cock. There was a gasp of pleasure from Daniel as Misha began to lightly stroke up and down, then his thumb rubbed over the slick, reddened head. Misha's smile was feral as Daniel bucked, panting wetly, harshly, as he increased the pressure of his strokes. A whine of disappointment from his mate had Misha laughing softly as he released his prize.

A shiver of excitement ran through Daniel as he watched Misha crawl across the bed on all fours to retrieve their lube. 

"Want you, Misha. Want you so much," Daniel moaned, his body writhing, trying to entice Misha to mate more quickly. 

"Easy, my sweet fawn, need to get you ready first. I won't hurt you." 

"I know," Daniel smiled warmly. "I trust you." 

Misha smiled tenderly, staring at his mate with a look of love shining from his beautiful, blue eyes. Slowly, Misha trailed his fingers up Daniel's legs, over his hipbone to gently cup his sac. He rolled the orbs a few times before sliding his fingers down into his lover's shadowed crevice. Using the tip of one finger, he lightly ran it across the hidden entrance. In response Daniel gasped and arched upwards, trying to urge the tantalising digit into entering him.

Growling deeply, Misha squeezed lube onto his fingers. He massaged Daniel's entrance a few more times to stimulate the muscles. Carefully, Misha eased one finger into tight heat, coating the blood-hot walls with the cool gel. After a minute, he slid in a second and slowly began to stretch Daniel open. The wonderful scent of Daniel's arousal, of their shared musk and pre-come flowed around Misha, filling his senses and stirring his arousal even further. When Misha was satisfied that Daniel was ready, he slicked up his length before positioning himself and rearranging his lover's lithe legs around his waist. With slowness that Misha did not think he was capable of, he eased into his mate. Both voiced their bliss as he pushed into tight, moist heat. 

As Misha fully sheathed himself inside Daniel, a sudden thrilling jolt of electrifying heat flowed through the younger man's body. It was an incredible sensation, something that Daniel had never experienced before mating with Misha. It was the knowledge that this was the man he was meant to be with forever. 

"Move, my love, please," he whispered, smiling at his mate.

The older man began to thrust in and out in long, even strokes. Leaning forward to tug at the nipple ring with his teeth produced inarticulate cries that spoke eloquently of his mate's need. Misha began a more intense rhythm that had them both panting hard. He gave a rapid series of thrusts, each one a little faster, a little deeper, a little harder, and then slowed right down to a slow desultory grind. His reward was Daniel thrashing wildly beneath him, his mate's hands clutching at his shoulders and pushing his hips upwards. 

Bending forward, Misha devoured Daniel's mouth in a long, passionate kiss. As he sat back up again he caressed Daniel's sweat-slicked chest. Sliding one hand down further, he reached between them to take Daniel in hand. A firm slide up and down accompanied his thumb steadily stroking the sweet spot just behind the engorged head. The sounds coming from Daniel were driving Misha wild. Pulling back slowly, he rammed powerfully forwards, purposely hitting Daniel's hidden nub on each forceful, inward thrust. 

In response Daniel pressed down, desiring everything his mate could give. Each time his sweet spot was brushed he gave soft moans of delight. Waves of pleasure were crashing upon one another faster and faster as his lover increased the tempo of his hips once more. Daniel met Misha's thrusts, rocking his own hips, almost lost in the sensation of heat and friction. As their bodies moved together in an ageless, sensual dance, Daniel looked deep into Misha's eyes. The normally blue orbs were dark indigo and blazing with passion and desire. 

Misha kept thrusting until he felt the organ in his hand begin to pulse. He heard his lover's cries of completion and hot semen jetted over his hand. The sensation of Daniel's internal muscles squeezing his cock brought Misha to the edge. He thrust one last time and came long and hard, filling his beloved mate with his seed. The intense pleasure of orgasm rushed through his body and then he collapsed on top of Daniel, breathing heavily. His tongue lapped languidly at the sweat on Daniel's throat before he sucked hard to leave a mark of possession. A soft mewl and gentle hands carding through his dishevelled hair acknowledged the primal act. 

"I love you, my precious fawn," Misha husked. 

Daniel's heart skipped a beat at the endearment Misha used, as it always did, even after almost a year as a married couple.

"I love you, Misha, always," he vowed in return.

"Always," Misha affirmed. Misha caressed Daniel's stomach tenderly as he carefully eased reluctantly out of his haven, causing his mate to shiver and moan quietly. He then began to clean his lover, lapping up each drop of Daniel's intoxicating, addictive crème. He gathered the warm, sated form close. "Rest a while longer, love," he said, nuzzling Daniel's temple. "The banquet and ball tonight is likely to go on till the early hours. Since Pop's hosting it, we'll be there till the end along with my brothers and their spouses."

"I'm nervous, Misha," Daniel whispered, burying his face in sweat-damp fur and inhaling his mate's comforting scent.

"You are beautiful, graceful and intelligent, I will be envied," Misha replied decisively, dropping a kiss to glossy tresses. "I will be proud to have you on my arm tonight." He smiled as Daniel slid an arm around his waist and a slim leg between his thighs to nestle as close as possible.

"Thank you, Misha. Love you."

"Love you, Daniel. Love you so much."

****

From where he stood in the doorway, Misha could see Daniel gliding gracefully through the herd of guests, charming men and women alike. He looked edible in a chocolate brown suit and cream silk shirt that set off his natural colours of chestnut and honey so well. He swelled with pride as he saw Daniel sneak a peek at his wedding ring or finger the large, solitaire diamond that adorned his throat. The diamond was a wedding gift from Pop and the necklace from his brothers; Vasha providing the gold for Ilya's craftsmanship to Dmitry's design. He wanted to go to his mate, but forced himself to concentrate on the conversation his Pop and Vasha were engaged in. 

The ball was a celebration of the successful conclusion to a major business deal that would see the building of a luxury hotel and shopping mall complex. Within the complex there would be an exclusive jewellery store of his family and the prestigious showpiece restaurant was actually a venture by Vasha, Daniel and himself. In the year he and Daniel had been married, his mate had successfully taken an advanced course interior design and had proven so adept during his studies, that Pop had recommended him to friends. Daniel therefore had something of a reputation already and he would design their restaurant. Misha stifled a sigh as the conversation continued. He would be glad when he could excuse himself and join Daniel.

If he was honest, Daniel was not sure what discomfited him about the throngs of people milling about. True, he would prefer smaller, more intimate groups, but there was something else that at that moment he could not define. He looked at the elegantly dressed men and women. There was a mix of human and Chimera and a further mix of the more docile of his kind as well as predator. The predators were more numerous, their inherent ability to be ruthless, to track what they wanted before moving in for the kill, making them excellent in the urban jungle of the business world. 

He gave a shudder. That was the problem. He felt as though he was being stalked. His eyes became wider and his nose twitched as he sought the perceived danger, but no one seemed particularly menacing. 

Sometimes it was hard to believe there had ever been a time without Chimera. It started so innocently; human DNA in animals for medical advancements, to benefit mankind. Then the less innocent meddling of scientists created a subspecies. Recombinant DNA experiments and gene-splicing of animal DNA into humans, deliberately manipulated to produce a docile, uncomplaining workforce and an army of elite, predator foot-soldiers. The science was beyond Daniel. The first generations of his species had been isolated in ghettos, given the most menial of work and denied 'Human' Rights.

Then a devastating virus had swept across the globe and changed life forever. Pure humans had been susceptible, unable to withstand it, their numbers dwindling as a cure was desperately sought. As a consequence Chimera had slowly moved into areas they were never intended to populate; medicine, law, business, mixing, merging, becoming a necessary part of life. They also became essential to the cure. Their mixed DNA proved to be resilient to the virus.

There were small pockets of Purists, who believed humans should only mate with humans, repopulate the world and reclaim their true place. However, there were simply no longer enough pure humans to ever achieve that aim. Many had some non-human DNA in their make-up even if it was not overtly displayed or even obvious. The fused DNA had become dominant. While it had taken time to come to pass, Chimera were now regarded as equal to humans by most people and had been for some time. Daniel gave a shiver at the thought of what his kind must have endured early in their existence.

"Dance with me."

Having lost himself in his thoughts, Daniel was not prepared for the large, powerful male to emerge and envelop him in a tight embrace. He was effectively lifted and quickly carried to the dance floor before he could voice his refusal.

"You are quite...ravishing," the predator purred against Daniel's throat.

"I am also quite mated," Daniel replied, trying to instil his voice with a confidence he did not feel. The warm, moist breath on his flesh was unnerving him. He knew the male was tiger, the luxurious tawny and blond hair was combed back and amber eyes seemed to devour him. The slow, cool smile, revealing the tiger's eye-teeth, made him shiver and a soft growl emitting from the huge expanse of chest had Daniel praying Misha would come quickly. "Please let me go," he asked, fighting to keep the tremble from his voice.

"It's just a dance, little deer," the tiger purred. "Surely you aren't afraid to dance with me. I am a guest here after all."

Daniel was torn between struggling to flee and the inference that he would in some way let his father-in-law down if he did. The amusement clearly displayed in the amber eyes made something snap inside Daniel.

"A guest who is taking liberties with someone who has declared themselves mated," Daniel retorted. He swallowed at the flash of anger that passed over the hypnotic eyes.

"If your mate leaves something so luscious unattended, he can hardly be surprised if another takes what he fails to protect," the tiger growled.

"Daniel, are you ok?"

Turning his head, Daniel saw Ben, Ilya's husband, glowering at the tiger that still held him crushed to a powerful chest.

"This is not your concern, human," the tiger rumbled menacingly. "Go and find some kittens and puppies to play safely with."

"Are you threatening my mate?" Ilya's angry voice preceded the smaller man appearing alongside Ben. "Let go of Daniel now, Merric."

"So the runt of the litter chose to mate with a human, how very fitting." 

Merric's laugh became a grunt as Daniel managed to twist and jab an elbow into his captor's midriff. He gratefully let Ben pull him swiftly from the loosened grip and stood behind his extended family as the others appeared swiftly to surround them.

"Just what is going on here?" The voice was low and calm but held controlled menace.

"Your pups are out of their depths, Sezje. I was just dancing with the deer. You can hardly blame me for taking something so delicious that is apparently unclaimed."

"He wouldn't release Daniel," Ben said angrily.

"He threatened Ben, too," Ilya added, glaring at the tiger.

"Ilya, take Ben and Daniel into the other salon," Sezje said, his voice a controlled growl.

"Pop..." Misha began but the older male held up a hand. 

"I want you and your older brothers here for a moment. You may tend to Daniel once this is concluded." He turned to face Merric. "You are a guest here, do not attempt to abuse my hospitality or I will have you thrown out. Do not attempt to patronise me by suggesting you did not know exactly who Daniel was or to whom he is mated. You would have studied the guest list as assiduously as any business proposition put before you." 

"You would not have me removed," Merric said, his voice condescending. "Without my money your project ceases to be viable. Delia does not have the funds necessary to uphold her commitments as she is quite indebted to me."

"Behave with impropriety towards any of my family and I will throw you out and I will keep this venture viable without you. Your cultured shell is just that; a shell. You are amoral, selfish and ruthless and I would prefer you to have no part of this. Had I known sooner, Delia would have been replaced." Sezje held the angry amber gaze with composed aquamarine assurance.

"I can buy and sell you and yours, Sezje," Merric growled. "I am not one to make an enemy of."

"I do not fear you, Merric and I will protect what is mine. Keep away from Daniel. Misha, go to your mate."

Misha flew from the small gathering to where Daniel was sitting, a balloon glass of brandy in his shaking hand. Chris was there, standing protectively, his boyfriends looking anxiously on. Ben and Ilya were sitting close by, his younger brother holding tightly to the bigger human's hands.

"I love you, Ben. You, for whom and what you are. Just like Daniel loves Misha. I haven't settled for second best in any way. I. Love. You."

Misha was angry his mate had been upset and angry Ilya now felt the need to reassure Ben. He would have liked a few minutes alone with Merric; tiger or not. He laid his hand on Ben's tense shoulder.

"You're one of the family, Ben," he said. "Ilya loves you and that's what matters."

"Need a hand to deal with Merric?" Chris growled, his eye-teeth glinting as he drew back his lips.

"Thanks, Chris, but Pop's dealt with the tiger. Come and dance with me, Daniel, my precious fawn," he added softly holding out his hand. He made a sound of pleasure as Daniel melted against him and they swayed into the dancing guests.

Chris watched them go and then held out his arms and enveloped his lovers in a tight hug. He nuzzled each of them affectionately in turn.

"You two ok?" he asked looking down at Ben and Ilya. He received a smile and nod from the younger men. 

"We're fine, Chris. Go and enjoy yourself," Ilya urged. He gave a soft laugh as he was pulled onto Ben's lap.

"Catch you later," Chris rumbled. He headed to the dance floor, his lovers still clutched tightly to his side. The blond and brunette were his lifemates and he would have dealt harshly with any who dared trespass. He caught a glimpse of Daniel and Misha. They only had eyes for each other and he let the tension ease from his frame as he turned his concentration on the beautiful young men in his arms. Smiling tenderly, he began to sway them to the music.

Daniel held tightly to his mate, letting Misha's comforting scent settle him.

"I love you, Misha," Daniel whispered, trying to get as close to his lover without their dance movements becoming too erotic.

"And I you. Did he hurt you?" Misha was not happy at the sour tang of residual fear or the spicy musk left from the tiger's touch on his mate.
