 I walked into the house from my normal morning at the gym. It was 7:15 AM and the house was all but silent, the only sound, a gentle susurration from the central air conditioning. I knew Lucas, our houseguest, was downstairs in the media room. He was staying over for a few days...not for the first time. We had been family friends since he was born. 

He had fallen asleep in the media room at some ungodly hour of the morning while playing PS4 games on my 65" 4K UHD TV. I had checked on him when I left for the gym about two hours earlier. I now found him sleeping on his tummy on the leather sofa, his long legs still in his blue jeans and poking out from under a light feather comforter. I looked at his 6-foot-long, eighteen-year-old lanky frame. I was reminded of the days when I didn't have an ounce of fat myself. Don't get me wrong, I'm a pretty fit guy, but it's been a while since I was as spare as this young man.

I was captivated by what I saw. Intrigued, and certainly inquisitive, I sat down at his left near his knees and gently lifted the light comforter, piling it on his upper back. I noted the two inches of plaid boxers sticking out above his belt. I could see that his pants had ridden down a bit, and that his glutes were so small they didn't fill half of the seat of his jeans.

He was gently sleeping, but my boldness (and perhaps suppressed desire) cautiously drove me onward. With my right hand I reached into the small of his back and gently caressed. I allowed my hand to wander back and forth, and then gently brought it down over his glutes. I hesitated for a moment with my hand unmoving, enjoying this moment of forbidden contact. Then I moved on, probing a bit further to see if my gentle caressing would arouse any kind of response from this supine teen male, all the while watching his back to gauge his breathing. 

As I continued to softly rub his lower back, glutes and thighs, I was sure I saw his breaths deepen. I rubbed more insistently on his glutes, even letting my fingers slip down along the boundary of his inner thighs. Yes, he was definitely awake—breathing deeply but otherwise not moving. I moved my hand back to his glutes as I pressed more forcefully along his ass crack, pushing the fabric deeper into this forbidden and sensuous cleft. I really wanted my fingers to penetrate deeper into that space just below his balls, or in this orientation, just above them, but his legs were tightly together. 

I pressed onward and was rewarded by his slight movement to open up his legs a bit. I extended the fingers of my right hand deeper into that fabric-covered, hot and moist space. Much to my surprise I encountered his fingers. It was then that I realized he had fallen asleep with his hands under his body, cupping his dick and balls. That reminded me of sleeping that way myself when I was perhaps his age. 

After a bit of interaction with his fingers, he inhaled deeply and brought his hands out from underneath his recumbent torso. With my right fingers now buried near his perineum, my left hand began rubbing the outside of his left thigh. With some persistence I was able to get my left fingers under his thigh, gently rubbing along his left quads, and ever-closer to his guarded boyhood. Eventually he rolled a bit to his right allowing me sufficient access to get my hand completely under his groin. What I found there was both shocking and exciting. It felt like an enormous mound of cock. I could not have dreamed about the prize I was unexpectedly discovering. My own cock, at this point, was pulsing in my gym shorts. 

Having attained his boyhood treasure, I rubbed and gently squeezed his dick through the fabric of his jeans. In response, he began pressing his body downward against my fingers. After a few minutes of this, and without a word, he rolled over on his back. At that point I knew for sure where this encounter was headed. With his tacit approval I unzipped his jeans and unbuckled his belt. I eventually was successful in freeing his very hard cock from the confines of his clothing. With the dawn well advanced, there was plenty of light for me to visually enjoy what I had set free. I just looked at it in awe. His dick had a smallish head, but otherwise it was long, probably 7 inches or more, and quite fat in the middle. It curved gently to the left just like my own, probably the result of the daily engagement of his right hand. I knew he had been masturbating every day since he was about 12. We had once discussed masturbation and a dozen other "forbidden" topics while sitting in a rowboat, fishing. 

For a minute I just held and admired his cock, gently squeezing. With each beat of his heart I could feel the blood coursing through its prominent veins. It was eminently hard, and amazingly hot. I paused for a moment, just taking in this unexpected vision. At this point of increasing arousal, his extremities along his entire body began noticeably shaking. I knew from experience that this was a sign of excitement and anticipated sexual pleasure. Nevertheless I paused and asked him "Are you OK?" His response was an immediate and confident "Oh yes."

I continued to stimulate his impressive cock, despite still trying to achieve better access through his clothing. Eventually he sat up enough to reach down and pull his jeans and boxers down to his knees. I was, well, amazed at what I was seeing...and now holding. With his swollen dick in my hand, I looked at his face and said "Dude, this is going to make some woman very happy someday. You have an amazing cock my friend." He just grinned and once again reclined against the arm of the sofa.

It was now decision time for me. I knew I could jerk him off, and that would be a fun experience for both of us. On the other hand, I had only ever had a couple of cocks in my mouth, and my tongue had never felt or tasted cum.

I bent lower and licked his cock head, and then I kissed it. Sensing no resistance on his part, I carefully slipped it in between my lips. My own cock had been sucked many, many times. My wife was particularly good at it. So I knew I had to shield my teeth with my lips. It was a bit of exploration for me. It wasn't all that complicated and soon I was completely focused on what, for both of us, was a new and very sensuous experience.

I backed off of his cock and began to gently caress his balls, which were impressive in their own right. I remembered seeing them a few years back when he was younger. We were changing for a swim. Even then they were large for his age and hung noticeably below his adolescent dick. His whole scrotum was now quite a handful. 

I was fascinated watching his unconstrained cock pulse and lift off his body with every beat of his heart. My own cock was so hard and insistent I began stroking it with my left hand. The other thing that hit me was his smell. We were now well into his visit and had hiked, kayaked and fished for two days straight. I know he had not showered for at least two days, and his groin carried a very strong unwashed boy odor which, for some reason, I found very enticing, even stimulating.

I looked at his face in the morning light. I have no idea what he was thinking as he watched me stroke and play with his cock. One thing was certain. Judging by the hardness of his erection, he was really enjoying it. And to be honest, I certainly was.

As I ran my fingers over his pubic mound I realized he had a short bristle of pubic hair. Then I remembered our discussions back in the rowboat when he was about 13. He mentioned at that time that he shaved his pubes. So I asked him "You still shaving these things with an electric razor?" "Yup" he replied.

Images from a dozen porn videos were going through my mind. I started sucking on one of his balls, my nose buried deeply between his legs. The odor was almost overpowering. I cradled his cock in my left hand and licked along its underside. It was amazingly sensual. I could feel the soft texture of his skin against the very hard core of his erection. My lips could almost feel the blood coursing through his veins.

With my left hand I now took a tight grip on the base of his cock. My right hand was stimulating his balls and exploring his perineum down to the very sensual area around his anus. I looked up and got a thrill out of his eyes as he focused on what was happening to his cock.

My tongue finally reached that spot just on the underside of his glans where all of the nerves are concentrated, called the frenulum. With one hand tight on the base of his cock and the other caressing his very erogenous perineum, his cock was incredibly hard and pulsing. His cock head was wet and shiny from my spit. I grabbed his shaft with my right hand and began to gently stroke its length. As my tongue stimulated his frenulum, I backed off enough to watch his eyes close and his eyelids flutter at the intense sexual stimulation he was experiencing. Truth be told, I was trying to milk his precum. I had often tasted my own and I was intent on tasting his.

And now the challenge was mine. How much of this fat boy cock could I get into my mouth? And really...how far could I get it down my throat? We were both new at this. As I ran my fingers from below his balls to the tip of his shaft, I was rewarded by a desired sight. There it was, right at his piss slit, a glistening drop of boy nectar. I extended my tongue and enthusiastically consumed it. It was sweet and salty, everything I had expected.

I was now completely focused on this forbidden act of fellatio. Keeping my lips tight against his cock I slowly engulfed his swollen glans. With constant pressure on the base, and keeping my tongue flat against the underside of his erection, I slowly took more and more of his shaft into my mouth. I thought about my gag reflex and consciously willed it away. With the same kind of action I had seen so often in porn videos, I gradually worked his swollen cock deeper and deeper into my mouth, eventually feeling it against the back of my throat. Truth be told, I had used my fingers in the past to challenge my gag reflex, and so this cock, although vastly larger than a finger, was not exactly a new experience.

For the next several minutes I sucked and bobbed on the top half of his cock, all the while stimulating the lower half with my right hand. As he began lifting his ass off the surface of the couch, I knew he was approaching orgasm. I backed off and gave it a break, only to resume a minute or so later with increased vigor. I squeezed harder on the base of his cock and felt his immediate response. Yes, he was very close. Taking the entire base of his cock firmly in my grasp, I pushed my hungry mouth farther and farther down its pulsing length. My eyes were closed as I focused my entire attention on the task at hand. I could hear his breath increasing. With his final thrust and grunt I knew we were there. 

The tip of his cock was now deep in the back of my throat. As he reached his climax I could feel the semen rising along the urethra within his shaft. There were rapid pulses of it. As I exhaled through my nose I could smell his cum which I knew to be accumulating on the back of my tongue and in the opening of my throat. My own breath was rapid and somewhat ragged. He was breathing heavily and noisily through his nostrils. I backed off enough to leave plenty of room in my mouth for his boy load. I wasn't disappointed. As his orgasm subsided, I left the tip of his cock in my mouth and, using my tongue, I swirled his cum around, enjoying the texture and the taste. Eventually I had to swallow.

Nevertheless, I kept his still-tumescent cock in my mouth. Even though he had just orgasmed, there was no noticeable deflating of his cock. I continued to give it my maximum attention, and he continued to appear as though he wanted it. I backed off for a moment and asked him if his dick had become sensitive, which I know is the usual post-orgasm condition. "No." he replied, which encouraged me to press ever-onward. 

I sucked and stimulated his cock, balls and inner thighs for at least the next ten minutes. He stayed exceedingly hard throughout. I was wondering if he could cum again, so I gave it my best oral effort. He was still so incredibly hard. I kept at it for quite a while, wondering if I would ever have this chance again. But sadly, the morning was getting late, and we both had to move on. I knew Lucas needed more sleep, and I had things to do.

With my own cock still very hard, I stood up beside him. With something close to sorrow I watched him pull up his boxers and jeans. I covered him with the comforter and left him to sleep. Truth be told, I didn't wash my right hand all day. It was a bit of a thrill to lift my fingers to my nose and enjoy his boy-scent over and over.