 Disclaimer: This is a fictional story about two men, or two werewolves in this case. If you find sex or a relationship between two men offends you then don't read this. The same goes if it's illegal in your country or your under age. Otherwise enjoy the story and let me know what you think. I enjoy comments!

Thanks to my two editors for reading over this story and giving their valuable time.

*

CHAPTER ONE

KOEN

"ALRIGHT! DO YOU WANT MORE?" Koen shouted to the crowd crammed into The Witching Hour, a popular pub with students and young professionals. 

"MORE!!" The crowd roared back at him.

Koen smirked tauntingly at them. "I CAN'T HEAR YOU? WHAT?"

"WE WANT MORE." They repeated.

Glancing over his shoulder his smirk spread to feral as he meet the eyes of his band members, adjusting his guitar. Lew's dark eyes glared back at him from his spot on drums, Mark grinned from his left on bass and Fina smirked from his right on keyboard. 

'SHALL WE GIVE THEM MORE?" He shouted at his band members they nodded.

"We'll do the new one 'Return to Me.'" He mouthed to them and they grinned, Mark gave him a thumbs up as they began the intro to the song. 

A quarter of an hour later their hour was up and they'd taken their last bows. Packing away their instruments they did their duty chatting to their fans and groupies and finally got to flop down at a table. Securing his sweat soaked long hair with a hair tie he accepted a beer from Mark. Sipping his beer Koen stretched out his long legs and smirked around the table as the next band began setting up.

"We're good Red King." He said to them with a grin, Mark grinned back, Fina smirked and Lew managed a small triumphant sneer. Koen's girlfriend Rudi sauntered over to them and sat in his lap to give him a kiss. Lazily Koen returned her kiss and ran his fingers through her carefully messed up short, black hair. The familiar, comforting smell of 'wolf on Rudi assaulted his sensitive nose and he let out a quiet sigh. He didn't know how he managed to have attracted such a sexy girlfriend and another werewolf to boot but he appreciated it. It was a hard thing for his kind to be away from their pack or another 'wolf, but he'd managed it for three years. With his eyes closed he pulled away from the kiss to nuzzle his face into Rudi's hair. His actions hid the flare of pain in his pale eyes as he remembered his pack that he wasn't with anymore. 

"You know boss watching you two is old." Mark's amused voice broke in. Pulling away from Rudi Koen smirked at his bassist, banishing his momentary walk in the past as he settled Rudi and reached for his beer at the same time.

"Well it can't be boring cos if its not us you get to watch, its Lew and Fina." Koen taunted, indicating with a dip of his head and another smirk the couple wrapped around each other in the corner of their booth. 

"They're going to set this place on fire at the rate they're going." Mark observed in amusement. 

"Here's to the end of another successful gig" Mark boasted changing the subject as he raised his glass of beer to Koen.

"To the end." He agreed raising his own glass.

"Finally!" Rudi approved with a grin as she clinked her wine glass with theirs, the three of them ignoring Lew and Fina. For a moment Koen smelled another 'wolf and felt hot eyes on his back and out of the corner of his eye saw the dark haired bar tender. He recognized the desire and want in those golden eyes and for a moment felt his cock stir in interest but he forced his body to control itself. Only once had we walked down that particular road and he wouldn't do it again, it had cost him everything so he ignored the 'wolf and his own 'wolf who stirred to the familiar smell of another 'wolf, curious.

"I like this song! Come, dance with me Koen" Rudi squealed excitedly as the band up on stage started their first song of the evening. She pulled Koen to his feet and dragged him out onto the floor with his approval as it gave him a distraction from his disturbing thoughts and even more disturbing 'wolf behind the bar. Rudi wrapped her arms around his neck, but even in heels, she was still at least a foot shorter then he was but Koen found her cute with her short, black hair carefully mussed up, fierce dark eyes and pretty, pixie face 

"I do like the new leather pants." Koen approved with a growl at the tight, figure molding black pants she was wearing. Rudi grinned up at him as she leaned up to toy with the white wolf claw earring in his right ear. 

"I'm glad you like them, I got them for you." She purred in his ear sucking softly on the flesh behind his ear.

Koen growled again, the scent of heat and sex rising from Rudi had his wolf half rising along with his cock as they both smelled she was getting aroused. She growled back as she smelled the same scent on her boyfriend, still playing with his ear as she nuzzled him. 

"I'm glad to hear it, cos, if you got 'em for anybody else I'd have to resort to violence." He promised with a teasing leer. 

Her laugh in his ear was his reward as he leaned forward to kiss her again, pulled in by the teasing laughter in her dark eyes as he pressed his hips into her. He felt a surge of power and anger from the other 'wolf in the pub but he ignored it as he'd ignored everything else from his direction. The 'wolf wasn't his submissive to control, he was somebody else's. Half way through their kiss the song stopped and they broke apart to return to their table, an arm around each other.

"Good to see your still here Mark" Koen teased as he dropped down across from him, pulling Rudi down beside him. There was no sign of Lew or Fina suggesting they'd gone for some fun elsewhere.

Mark glared at him. "Its not my fault I always get left to man the table."

Koen's grin turned to a taunt. "Get yourself a girlfriend." He teased knowing that Mark liked guys not girls, it was a standard joke between them as they tended to play in straight bars poor Mark often ended up going home to his lonely bed.

Mark looked amused and aggrieved at the same time. "Well if we actually played in a gay bar I might have better luck. Its always me that gets to go home horny and lonely."

"Leave him alone honey, honestly!" Rudi scolded Koen punching his shoulder.

With a mock scowl of pain he rubbed his shoulder. "Was that meant to hurt?" He asked in surprise.

"You really are a bastard." They both accused him.

Koen smirked and settled back to his beer and the light banter between the three of them. Koen felt those hot, curious eyes on him but he ignored it deciding to treat him as just another gawker. He was used to people staring at him and wanting him. It meant nothing. He suppressed his 'wolf who was again stirring to the smell and power of the other 'wolf, still curious. His 'wolf wasn't aggressive yet as the other male felt like a submissive and wasn't challenging. His 'wolf's curiosity bothered Koen as he only showed curiosity towards Rudi during sex, responding to him and his lust not to Rudi. Now his 'wolf was all but trying to sniff out the dark haired male, urging him to go to him. He didn't realise that the quiet, low growling rumble he could hear, a 'wolf's versian of a purr, was his until Rudi nuzzled him affectionately thinking it was her. Angrily he suppressed his 'wolf again, ignoring his protests. Sulkily his wolf retreated, giving into Koen's stronger will for now. But he felt his 'wolf's lingering curiosity and urge to go investigate the other 'wolf.

"Honey don't look now but somebody is really interested in you and I can smell what interest that is." Rudi whispered in his ear causing Koen to jump as her words clashed with his silent struggle.

Koen shrugged unconcerned. "What do I care? Its just one more person gawking and wanting to fuck me."

"Alright, but he's hot." Rudi said with a shrug of her own. 

If her boyfriend didn't care then she didn't need to feel possessive of him, rather she felt proud that his obvious power and attractive looks gained such interest. The knowledge that she got to take him home and fuck his bones had her comfortable with those that stared, wanting her boyfriend. Besides despite the guy being hot she know she really had nothing to fear here as Koen was as straight as a nail. But she was curious she could smell the werewolf behind the bar and at first had taken his sexual interest and curious stare for her, but she realized that the eyes tracked her boyfriend, not her. Gay males of their kinds were rare but not unheard of and she felt herself shaking her head in shame, all the good ones were always gay. 

He was tall and young, appearing to be in his early twenties, close to Koen's twenty-five. He was about five foot eleven, shorter then Koen's six foot one and although Koen was lean with rippling, flat muscles this other male was leaner still. He had broad shoulders, a nice chest, narrow hips, flat stomach and long, lean limbs under his tight black tshirt with the pub logo on it and tight black jeans. His glossy black hair reached past his shoulders and his large golden eyes were heavy lidded giving him a sleepy, bedroom look. Even if she couldn't smell it she could see the heat of sexual arousal, the want and curiosity in his body language and eyes. If his hair and smooth, tawny skin hadn't marked him as having Native American blood, then his features certainly did with his strong nose, high cheekbones, full lips and angular jaw. Rudi could see a tattoo along his inner forearm of a stalking black wolf.

Rudi felt a smirk cross her face knowing that despite his good looks the other 'wolf had no chance and caught his eyes letting him know that Koen was hers. She watched as those golden eyes narrowed and a smirk crossed the other 'wolf's face, a nod of his head acknowledging her and challenging her. Seeing the sudden flash and glow to his eyes she knew his 'wolf was peeking out. Dismissing the dark haired wolf with her best haughty, cold stare she turned back to Koen and began whispering to him to turn him on. She needed to get him out of here and to herself the exchange had turned her on and her own wolf was with her as she recognizing the challenge from the other wolf she wrapped an arm around Koen. He was theirs.

RAUL

Raul like so many others in the pub hadn't been able to take his eyes off the gorgeous lead singer up on stage. His wolf half was curious about the other 'wolf they could both smell up there and so was he. Power and dominance seemed to pour off the mahogany haired werewolf up on stage, from the way his thick dark shoulder length hair seemed to ripple and his pale eyes gleamed. From where he was Raul couldn't see the colour but he imagined them to be green, pale wolf eyes. The singer's pale skin created an exotic element to his colouring and to the tall, muscular body. His features were really gorgeous with his deep set pale eyes, high, chiseled cheek bones and nose, square jaw and he could see even from where he was the scar running from his hair line through his left eyebrow. Something white and sharp flashed as it caught one of the lights, it looked like a wolf claw to Raul dangling from his left ear. The body was another matter tall and lean but muscular enough that he could see the shifting muscles under the tight black t-shirt and black leather pants. The combination of looks, power and that tight, rippling body had him hard and he stayed in that painful state through the performance and the interval afterwards. His own 'wolf stirred inside him, curious about the dominant and just as attracted to him as he was.

All Raul knew is that he wanted that wolf like he'd never wanted before and he nearly moaned as he could almost feel those sensual, smirking lips kissing him or locked around his cock, those long fingers squeezing his arse. It was some time he realised, doing his job on auto pilot and caught in his own fantasies that he noticed the short, dark haired girl on his lap of the one he wanted, they were kissing. Raul let out a slow, jealous hiss, his wolf growling with menace inside him. As they broke apart and chatted to the blonde human on the other side of the table from them he tried not to watch them talking and laughing together. Watching them dance had him nearly howling his rage and possessive need, he wanted to be the one with that long, hard body pressed up against him, those lips kissing him and strong arms around him. Raul had to eventually pull his eyes away and force his trembling, hard body to control itself as he turned away and dealt with the customers in front of him. 

When he thought he'd calmed down enough he turned back towards his werewolf and saw them back at the same table. He felt a subtle surge from their direction and caught the flare and glow in the singer's pale eyes. His 'wolf was curious about him, Raul could also hear, even across the room, the low, subtle purr-growl. With a slow smile he realized the other 'wolf liked what it was looking at. He noticed the boyish looking blonde looking him over with heat in his eyes. That one obviously liked guys he thought with a private smirk as he turned back to his wolf. Then he noticed the girlfriend looking at him curiously and with her own sexual interest he could also smell she was a 'wolf. 

When she gave him that smirk it was all he could do not to slip into his wolf form, jump the bar and rip out her throat. But he controlled himself and instead smirked back at her, challenging her and taunting her with his eyes. Just because she had him at the moment didn't mean she got to keep him and nothing got in Raul's way when he wanted something or someone in this case. He might be submissive in many ways but the beauty of being a 'wolf was status could change if you had the will and power. He let her see all this and let her know the game was on. She didn't like that and glared at him coldly which had his smirk stretching as she turned herself into talking to her boyfriend. She'd wrapped a possessive arm around the redhead . This game had just started according to Raul and he'd already checked with his manager and knew the band was coming back to perform Saturday night. So he let her think she'd won this round for she had, he would win the rest. He wanted to and had to.