 KOEN

"Why are we back here? More importantly why did I agree to come here with you?" Mark grumbled as he followed Koen into The Witching Hour. 

Koen grinned over his shoulder at the blonde man. "Because you can't bare to miss out on a good time?" He replied teasingly as he lead the way into the crowded Friday night pub. Two weeks had gone by and they'd already played twice more at this pub and had another gig lined up for tomorrow night which pleased Koen immensely.

Mark glared at him from out of dark blue eyes but followed him as they made their way towards the bar to order drinks. Koen felt relieved and strangely disappointed as he noticed that Raul wasn't in his usual place behind the bar. Well you did come here to see him, didnt you? An annoyingly smug inner voice asked him as Koen flinched way from it, denying that. He just liked this bar it had a good atmosphere. Yes that's why you found yourself sitting at the bar chatting him up, right? His inner voice taunted him unmercifully, he wondered resentfully if everybody's inner voices were that annoying and pushy. It's not like that, he's just good to talk to. He shot back at that inner voice, Oh yeah? Then why didn't you bring Rudi with you? You know she wanted to come with you, you told her you were just going for a "boys night out". The voice continued to taunt him, mocking his denials. Koen ignored that and the embarrassing feeling of guilt that was rising in him.

Koen felt stupid for being so defensive with himself all he'd done was come in a few evenings and talked to Raul. He'd turned out to be quite a cool guy and he was good to talk to, plus a good laugh. He ignored the fact that his original reason for talking to Raul was to shut up his curious 'wolf. Getting closer to Raul had been a mistake for his 'wolf's curiosity had only grown and got more fixed on him.

"Koen, good to see you." The smooth, dark chocolate baritone greeted him and Koen felt himself turning his head as he smelled Raul. 

"And you, didn't see you when we first came in." Koen heard himself saying as he grinned at the Raul, watching as the dark haired 'wolf sat down next to him at their table. Koen found himself watching Raul's muscles under the tight jeans in his legs and stomach as he stretched his legs out

"Tonight's my night off.." Raul replied as he grinned back his golden eyes giving him a lazy, knowing look acknowledging Koen's eyes locked on his legs. He stretched his arms over his head forcing his upper body muscles to shift and flex for Koen. A faint smile twitched at his lips said he knew and liked Koen's eyes running over him. Koen realizing what he was doing pulled his eyes away from Raul's muscles.

"Only you would come back to the same bar you work at on your night off." Koen teased him, deliberately ignoring what had just happened. His breath catching as Raul flashed him another white grin. Koen liked him in the tight fitting dark jeans and burgundy button down shirt he was wearing, in some slinky fabric that clung to his broad shoulders and lean, muscular chest, it set off his colouring too. Raul's glossy dark hair reached half way down his back and was loose tonight, the colour setting off his golden eyes and skin, they gleamed with health. He also smelled good, not of cologne, he just smelled clean, of soap, with his natural man and wolf scent blending together. That smell and the hint of his power that followed him around like an extra scent had Koen's 'wolf rising in him. Why his 'wolf was so attracted to that smell and the 'wolf that went with it was something that made him curious and wary at the same time. His wolf didn't show that much curiosity in even Rudi.

"Tell me your still single." Mark fairly purred as he looked Raul's lean body up and down hungrily, showing he too had been watching the display. A question he always asked when he saw the dark haired man.

Koen saw Raul's golden eyes gleam with humour as he looked back. "What if I am?" He answered with a teasing smile, again the usual answer. Koen felt both men would flirt with anything and said so.

Mark grinned at him. "Your just jealous cos your not single. Is it my fault that your tied down so hard and fast and you can't flirt with anybody else anymore. The best you get is to look.."

Koen scowled at Mark, knowing that Mark had seen him looking too as Raul laughed, a husky, rich sound that had his cock jerking as it started to harden. What was it with Raul that he got this way? It was ridiculous, since his early experiences with his own sex he wasn't interested in them anymore and stuck to women. He hadn't even been interested in another guy since those days. 

When he saw that Raul was staring at him curiously, a hint of heat in his golden eyes. Koen forced his body to control itself not wanting Raul to smell his interest. 

"I'm going to get a drink." Raul declared getting to his feet and walking to the bar, giving Koen a great view of his muscled bubble arse as it flexed in his tight pants. 

"Are you sure you want to stay with women?" Mark leaned over to whisper to him. "That boy is hot for you and you seem to be hot for him too."

Koen glared at him. "I am not." He denied.

Mark snorted. "Sure."

Koen so didn't want to encourage Raul if he still secretly harbored anything for him. Oh admit it, you want him to still be interested. You'd be gutted if he stopped flirting with you. His inner voice informed him, seeming disgusted. IT seemed his 'wolf agreed to from the growl he felt inside him as his 'wolf shifted around, fascinated as always by the other 'wolf's smell, his power and not understanding why his human half was denying his instincts. Koen pushed both of them away as he sipped his rum and coke, determined to ignore both inner voice and his wolf. 

"Why do you come to a straight bar anyway? I can understand why you'd have to work in one, but in your own time?" Koen realised that Mark was talking and shook himself out of his thoughts. Some time during his thought process Raul had returned to the table with a Jack D and coke. 

Raul smiled, the man hadn't hidden and even flaunted his gay desires. "Because there's often a better selection of men in straight bars, and I like to sight see sometimes, plus I like the music here." Raoul answered unshakable in his answer as his golden eyes lingered on Koen for a moment or two as his smile quirked into a smirk when he noticed Koen's expression didn't match what they both smelled.

Mark shook his head. "Well I prefer the gay bars, at least you know any man that approaches you is after another man. IN a straight bar your playing Russian Roulette or worse you end up having to break in one of those straight bi-curious guys whose never tried to get it on with another man but has thought about it since his teens." He commented with a sneer, but his eyes were more amused then his expression showed.

Raul laughed at this. "OH I don't know sometimes the bi-curious ones can be fun."

Mark snorted. "Yeah if you don't mind all the protesting and whining. Most of them are screamers too, I like noise in my partner but not that loud that my neighbors are giving me rude, angry looks the next day or two. Then you are at risk of getting one that wants to stay in the closet but still wants you to fuck him."

Even Koen laughed at this comment as he'd heard this rant from Mark before and didn't feel at all offended by it, he sympathized even. In his days when he played around he'd come across a few of what Mark was talking about. It was funny and somewhat annoying and he knew when Mark grinned at him that he understood, the human was the only human he trusted as a friend and confident. Mark knew what he was as both a 'wolf and bisexual and he didn't really hold either against him, especially as he hid it. Mark he knew had too much respect and affection for him as the pair were close and he also knew the story of those past events. 

As the three of them chatted and drank together Raul suddenly suggested they try a nightclub called The Queen, a popular gay club that would now be hopping. Mark was keen and Koen shrugged, he'd been before with Mark and he didn't mind it so much. So off they went all three of them drunker then when they started and Koen didn't even object when Raul slung a companionable arm around his waist. Being that close to him had Koen's 'wolf and dick rising yet again and he shifted away from him slightly hoping the other 'wolf didn't notice the heating up of his skin or smell anything of what he was feeling.

When they got to The Queen they could hear the music and the line outside told them the place certainly was hopping. With a charming smile and a whispered word to the big, burly skinheaded bouncer from Raul they were quickly skipping the line and making their way into the dark recesses of the club. Koen couldn't help it that even though he'd braced himself for the noise, heat and smell of a packed nightclub he still flinched when it all hit him as he moved through the door. Inside his wolf snarled reacting against the bombardment as well. 

"Sux doesn't it?" Raul whispered in his ear, his arm sliding around his waist companionably causing Koen to jump again as he hadn't even noticed in all the sensory overload that the other 'wolf was that close. "I don't ever get used to that first moment or two."

Koen nodded struggling to adjust and after a moment or two of putting up his tightest shields he almost sighed in relief as his shields protected his sensitive senses from being overrun. 

RAUL

"Sux doesn't it?" Raul whispered in Koen's ear sliding his arm around Koen's waist. Shamelessly using the excuse of his friend's momentary stunned bewilderment to touch him again as he watched the alpha struggle for control. He really did feel sympathy for him as he too struggled with it, his 'wolf howling along with all the noise in protest. But he was more used to crowded night clubs then Koen and flipped up his strongest shields to protect himself and his senses from the overload.

"Come on guys, let's get moving!" Mark called back impatiently as they pushed their way into the crowded place and Raul obliged pulling Koen along with them. 

He'd been a little surprised that Koen had come willingly to this place and hadn't expected Koen to come to the pub on his night off. But he'd hoped he'd come, so he'd dressed up for him and been rewarded when he'd seen him sitting at their usual table, with Mark in tow. Although he'd caught flashes of heat and sexual interest in Koen he hadn't been sure the other 'wolf was that into guys. 

However he'd caught Koen checking him out, the memory of the feeling of those pale eyes locked on his arse had him smirking and his dick lurching, he couldn't help teasing him. Mark's jokes had made him curious and when he'd smelled Koen's interest he'd decided to experiment and suggested they come to The Queen. Mark had been up for it immediately and Raul sympathized smelling the sexual frustration on him and hearing it in his voice. He was still a little surprised that Koen had allowed him to get this far, true it had been him that introduced himself to his wolf and had started up most of their talks when he'd come to the pub. But Koen had replied and even started coming along and starting up conversations of his own. 

As he'd learned about him over the past couple of weeks Raul's desire for him now was nothing to how it started. He'd learned that Koen was honorable, proud, had a wicked sense of humour and was quite laid back for an alpha. There was obviously some sort of pain in his past and the puzzling question as to why such a powerful and clearly good alpha was without a pack were clearly mixed up together. He'd learned that Koen was basically on his own as he played with his human band and kept his 'wolf girlfriend. 

Despite the girlfriend Koen was obviously missing 'wolves like some people needed to be touched and so he'd used some of that knowledge to get closer to him and used it to casually touch him knowing that it wasn't strange to wolf culture. Wolves were big on rough and tumble, play fighting, lots of touching, hugs, curling up together to sleep in big, wolf piles so he knew it wouldn't be strange. He felt the benefits himself having no pack of his own either. 

As they got to the bar Mark was approached by a tall, brown haired jock and disappeared towards the dance floor with an airy wave leaving him along with Koen. 

"Let's get another drink shall we? This rounds on me." Raul suggested as they got to the bar and found some space to order.

"Rum and coke then." Koen replied, he was standing so close to Raul that he could feel the natural warmth radiating off his body. 

'Wolve's had a higher body temperature then humans and it made Raul want to rub himself against that hot warmth that had nothing to do with sex at the moment. Raul could also smell him, Koen' smelled like clean man, 'wolf and was wearing some sort of subtle, spicy cologne that had him near moaning when he smelled him. Raul had a real weakness for cologne so it was driving him mad and he had to fight another urge to rub himself against Koen so he'd come away smelling like him. He'd also been right Koen's eyes were a pale, clear green, startling, 'wolf eyes indeed. 

As Raul ordered their drinks he spent the time turned away from Koen to force his erection down and controlled himself so he wouldn't betray too much too early, he knew that Koen had likely already smelled it but it didn't mean he had to advertise it. By the time he'd paid for their drinks he'd got himself under reasonable control and they turned around at the bar to sip their drinks watching the dance floor. Raul noticed a short, Asian man eyeing up Koen and glared a warning at the man, a low growl rumbling in his throat, too low for anybody to really hear in the night club but the Asian guy turned his eyes away finding it not worth a fight with the tall, Native American guy.

"Down doggie." He heard Koen whisper in his ear teasingly, out of the corner of his eye Raul saw the smirk on his face and the gleam of knowing amusement in his pale green eyes. Raul had a feeling that alcohol was freeing Koen of the usual cautious reserve he showed with him. 

He saw a subtle flash and glow in those eyes and felt the presence of Koen's wolf looking out at him and felt the now familiar curiosity and interest from that 'wolf. He'd noticed the wolf before but hadn't realised it so strongly before and felt his own lips curve up in a smirk of his own as he realised if Koen's 'wolf wanted him then Raul had something in his favor. No 'wolf' could ignore his inner wolf's desires for long, especially during the full moon when their inner 'wolves had more control of them, keeping them closer to their more animalistic sides. 

"Oh no I believe the down doggie should be directed toward you, my friend." Raul whispered back tauntingly, deliberately leaning closer so he could suck on Koen's ear, so the 'wolf and Koen could smell him, allowing a little of his power to slip through his shields and flare out his skin, onto Koen's. With an evil smile he felt his semi-hard cock harden the rest of the way to full erection shamelessly hooking Koen's wolf. He felt that low growling purr coming out of him and felt satisfaction as he saw Koen's green eyes flare brighter for a moment as the taller, green eyed man stiffened, his body going taunt in more places then one. He saw that Koen's teeth and finger nails looked sharper and his voice had lowered from its silky baritone to a lower, husky bass as his vocal cords began to change as the man growled in a mixture of interest and protest. 

KOEN

"OH no, I believe the down doggie should be directed toward you my friend." Raul had taunted him as he'd leaned closer and to Koen's shock sucked on his ear, playing with the wolf claw earring. Koen nearly moaned as he smelled Raul and felt his little rush of power run over his skin like soft, furred electricity. It touched him in places no hand was supposed to touch. Koen's 'wolf growled in pleasure enjoying the power rush and the smells coming from Raul. 

Koen noticed smirk on Raul's face when he pulled back, still keeping his lean, muscular body pressed down his side. He could feel Raul's hard cock pressing against his thigh as his wolf responded to the wolf purr with one of his own. Pouncing on Koen's attraction and distraction his 'wolf seized control for a moment or two as it matched Raul's wolf purr with one of it's own. Then his teeth and nails were lengthening before he could stop it. The 'wolf was urging with all it strength that he fuck Raul, mark him, anything. His 'wolf wanted to roll itself in Raul's smell, his power, his body. 

Koen had a moment where he wrestled control back from his 'wolf and forced it back this was not the time to fuck or mark anybody, or change shape for that matter and managed to get his face and body under control, but his 'wolf refused to settle this time so he decided to satisfy them both in his way. 

"You should watch what you bite Russ. You might bite off more then you can chew." Koen warned wickedly, deliberately calling him a 'wolf name that meant little wolf, it was a name all pups were given until they earned their true names at puberty. 

Koen turned his body slightly, releasing some of his own power to stroke down Raul's skin as he leaned his weight against him for a moment moving his head so he could run a hot open mouth down his neck, allowing his sharpened fangs to score lightly. He pressed his thigh against Raul's hardened cock, rubbing his erection and smirked, evil amusement showing in his green eyes at Raul's moan as he saw those golden eyes flare and shine with his own 'wolf's presence. 

Pulling away from him he smirked pleased with the reaction he'd gotten and felt the old rush of wicked amusement and pleasure from having driven his partner a bit crazy with his body and his power. 

Abruptly he sobered and mentally slapped himself and told himself off. What was he doing? He didn't do this kind of thing anymore he told himself firmly as he darted off into the crowd, he needed to go home and control himself. HE had Rudi now, he didn't need somebody like Raul screwing up his life again. He'd already fucked and been fucked metaphorically in return, he didn't want to repeat the experience he thought to himself with a sneer. 

Ah good running again, I like that. You can't escape yourself or you 'wolf, he wants him. His inner voice chided acidly as he realised he was doing what he'd done three years ago and had ever since. He knew he couldn't run from himself or what his 'wolf wanted forever, his wolf wouldn't allow it for one thing. but he didn't have to face it yet, and wouldn't. 

You used to have courage and been fearless. His inner voice was still chiding him acidly. Yean well, now I'm a coward aren't I? He replied just as acidly to that extremely irritating voice as he exited the club and got at taxi home. 

Restless, aroused and uncomfortable he slipped his human skin. In the weaker human's place was a large dark red and silver wolf and this time Koen joined his wolf, he and his wolf were once again one as they raced into the night. Koen hoping he could run his restlessness and hornyness out.

RAUL

Raul was stunned and more turned on then he'd ever been in his life when he saw the evil, wicked amusement on Koen's face as he paid him back for what he'd done. 

"You should watch what you bite Russ." Indeed, Raoul thought as his body still throbbed and ached, tingling from the power rush Koen's power had given him, feeling as if furred electricity had run down his body stroking him in places that he'd never had touched before. He wasn't even terribly annoyed at the insulting name he'd been called as his 'wolf howled inside him wanting to chase after the other wolf, his wolf wanted Koen almost more then he did. 
