 Thanks to everybody that's read or commented on Opposites Attract or is following this little story so far - you help encourage me to keep going with it in part. Apologies also for this me taking a few days to get to the next part.

CHAPTER FIVE

KOEN

Koen was running. He was enjoying the feel of his own power and that of his wolf as they ran through the trees at the back of his country property. His strong lungs and heart working to power his body forward, the strength in his legs and muscles, the tireless energy they were exerting as they ran at a brisk, tireless pace. Dusk was just passing into early evening and the darkening shadows were deepening. Venus was rising over the horizon, seeming to shine brightly like a beacon in the darkened sky, the moon had yet to show its shy face and there wasn't a single cloud in the sky. It was going to be a beautiful evening, the soft, warm breeze tugging at Koen's red fur, the trees and grass swaying. The ever present hot, heavy smell of late summer was coating everything and he could hear forest residents scurrying about on their business. To his left an owl hooted mournfully, shifting around restlessly as she readied herself for a night of hunting. Somewhere to his right he could hear a pair of foxes fighting. Ahead of him he could smell the soft, warm smell of a rabbit and hear the fast, nervous beat of it's worried heart. Feeling playful Koen flushed the rabbit and chased it for fun more then anything, enjoying its panic for a few delicious moments, the smell of it's desperation exciting him and his wolf even more as they pursued it. Darting to the left the rabbit managed to dart into its burrow, saving itself from what it perceived to be certain death. 

Shrugging Koen trotted on speeding up as he gave into his wolf's desire to really run, enjoying the simple pleasure his wolf took in his surroundings and his relief that they were out of the city away from all the noise and dirty, choking smells. Koen allowed his wolf the control to follow smells and sounds that interested him, happy to be the passenger for a while as he switched off. Coming across the stream that ran through this part of the small forest they played in the water, splashing around and kicking up water as they frolicked around like pups, enjoying the type of freedom only a wolf could find in the wilderness. Darting out of the water they raced along the river bank, jumping over the stream with an easy leap as they darted off and up a hill. Koen took the reins for a moment to show his wolf once again what fun could be had as they lay down to roll down the hill, coming to a sprawling halt at the bottom. Panting, tongue lolling in silent laughter they rolled around at the bottom of the hill liking the feel of the soft moss and grass on their fur as they rubbed their back on it. Koen felt a lingering sadness and longing inside them for pack, brothers, sisters, cousins and a mate to play with, to share the fun with. Koen's wolf knew there was one they could play with but that he wasn't here at the moment. His wolf wanted to know with more curiosity then demand why the black wolf wasn't here to play with them. Koen frowned vaguely annoyed that his wolf would ask that sort of question and growled a soft warning. He didn't want to think about the black wolf at the moment, he'd come out here to get away from his thoughts and the sight of the black wolf. His wolf growled softly in return wanting to know again why Koen had to think the matter to death. 'Wolves were creatures of instinct and emotion. Koen's denial was very mysterious and frustrating. All Koen's wolf wanted was to be near their black wolf, his wolf wanted to play with him, to mate with him, to guide and protect as alphas must. The wolf didn't understand why Koen shared his instincts and desires but denied them, the wolf knew Koen was just hurting them both for no reason. 

Why do you want to mate to the black wolf for? Koen asked his wolf. His wolf's answer was simple and a wordless reply that conveyed they were mates. Mates wanted to be together. Being apart from his mate was hurtful and made him sad. Koen's wolf simply wanted to share his pleasure in the night with his mate, he wanted to play with him and enjoy the company only another wolf and mate could provide. Koen's wolf's wordless reply included a sympathetic, but disapproving edge that conveyed that Koen wanted the same things. Koen's wolf did understand why they were cautious and wary of having a mate, of sharing themselves with another. He too remembered what had happened to them the last time they thought they had found a real mate. But they both knew it was time, they were both tired of being alone and delaying the inevitable was just stupid. His wolf pointed out an image to him of Friday night's out door concert, the band's first big paying event in England. A stranger 'wolf had been hitting on Raul and Koen performing up on stage had wanted to slip his skin and rip out the blonde stranger's throat. It had been so long Koen had forgotten the cut throat possessive, jealous nature of a bonded 'wolf. To dig his point home Koen's wolf made him remember that he hadn't had anything to do with the urge as Koen had blamed it on a territorial surge from his direction. Their urge came from the claim they felt they had on Raul. Koen grunted, his silence the real acceptance of his 'wolf's point. 

What about Rudi? Koen felt the need to ask, he didn't like that they were ignoring his girlfriend. His wolf's reply was something not quite a shrug and not quite a sniff as his insistent answer was the same, she was good company but they weren't mates. All wolves knew their destined mates, even werewolves. Koen rolled over and lay there in the grass, resting his muzzle on his paws as they lay in the shadow of hill, his playfulness rapidly vanishing. Koen hadn't really given any thought to the werewolf myth of a destined mate. He knew real wolves mated for life, they were loyal to their mates, their packs and their children. He'd even seen with his parents and other wolves that a real mate was possible, someone to share a life with. But he doubted the myth of a true soulmate, oh he'd heard all the stories, fairy tales his aunt and mother told when he was a pup, but he didn't believe like he once had. That kind of thing was meant for naiive pups who had yet to have a taste of the real world. Part of the myth told that the true mate could only be found if the human soul in the wolf craved it enough for the wolf in his soul to summon their mate. For it to work though the soul of the destined mate had to be reaching out for them at the same time. Real wolves were expert trackers, nothing could hide from a wolf if he wanted it enough. 

Were we called? Koen asked his wolf curiously, not really believing this. His wolf was enigmatic yet simple as always about his answer and if he'd been human the wolf part of him would have worn a knowing smile. What you need, I need, what we need, I find. Was his wolf's silent answer. Koen was surprised at his level of shock, he knew not even the Elder Ones knew every secret hidden in their wolf souls. Their wolves still held too many secrets for them to unravel, too many secrets that Gaia had gifted to their kind they still had yet to find. Koen now wondered about his sudden compulsion to return to home to England. They'd been in Australia where they'd run to with Mark after his life had fallen apart and he'd had to lead their enemies away. He'd formed his band down there over the three years he'd been there and they'd been doing well. He'd made friends, had already made a small fortune and even had the beginning of a life. So what if that life hadn't really included pack or that he'd known he was in self-imposed exile, he'd been content. The urge to return home, which had never really faded, had grown, been nearly irresistible and impossible to ignore any longer despite the danger. So back they'd come and back they'd been these past eight months. Koen still couldn't bare to really go home, to go back to Wales wasn't something he could make himself do yet. He'd left too much behind in Wales. We were forced to, a wolf accepts retreat reluctantly, his wolf reminded and consoled him. Even if he'd never stopped missing his dead father and aunt, Farrell, Kaula, Brant, Raine or Rey, his other cousins. Especially Rey, he'd never quite forgiven himself for leaving any of them behind. A wolf never deserted his family but Koen had had no choice, left himself no choice. No, they, left us no choice, his wolf growled. He wondered if his mother had survived his father's death. His wolf's answer to his worry and home sickness was blunt, go to them. Can't, wasn't a word in the wolf dictionary or vocabulary. 

Koen's thoughts and home sickness for his pack, his family, brought him back to Raul. Raul was never far away from his thoughts or desires these days. He wondered yet again if accepting the black wolf as part of his pack wasn't a huge neon sign to his family, or worse his enemies. He also swore the 'wolf was trying to drive him insane from lust. In the week and a half the black wolf had been staying with them as they waited on Jordan's challenge Raul had been everywhere. When the 'wolf wasn't working, he was hanging around Koen wearing as little as possible and using every excuse Koen swore to touch or ambush him. Koen felt that he was on the verge of breaking, his wolf urging him to give in wasn't helping, and he was sure from the knowing smirk Raul wore these days that he knew he was close to breaking. Part of him liked being chased, it was a novel experience to be sure, usually alphas and male 'wolves in general, did the chasing if they wanted a bitch, their females insisted on it. The harder you fought for them and the right to fuck them, the harder they'd fuck you as reward. While Koen loved being a werewolf some days he was tired of the constant struggle their culture condoned. You had to fight for every single thing you wanted from territory to mates and keep fighting for it if you wanted to keep it. 

Somehow despite his thoughts, the peace, the hum and chirp of his surroundings, the warm breeze or the time, nearly all the stars were peeking out now, Koen fell asleep. For a moment his wolf stayed aware flattening their ears as he decided he was going to do something, his human side wasn't going to deny them for much longer. He wasn't going to stand for it anymore a wolf only retreated when there was no choice.

RAUL

Raul was having the best dream of his life. Even in his dream he realized he hadn't had a wet dream since his teens but he was enjoying it never the less as his dream self returned Koen's hungry, aggressive kiss. They were out on the balcony, their fifth floor view showing them a night time view of the surrounding lit up city. In his dream Raul had brought Koen a cup of coffee and had been in the process of handing it to a shirtless Koen. Koen was wearing faded blue jeans and his tied back hair. Hearing Raul's footsteps and voice Koen had spun around and with the speed of their kind all but attacked him. Raul moaned as Koen all but ate him as his strong, muscled arms wrapped around him. Their power clashed together as it began to slip past their control and out their skins. Raul allowed Koen to back him up against the wall, the cup of coffee falling from his hands to smash on the ground, ignored by them both as he wrapped his own arms around Koen's shoulders. Raul growled as he fed on the heat and taste of Koen's mouth as he sucked his tongue. Their hands seemed to be everywhere as they all but groped and grabbed at each other. At one point Raul was aware that he was ripping the hair tie out of Koen's hair and was roughly grabbing handfuls of it to use as props to pull himself up Koen's body, trying to climb him, as they kissed. Koen's hands were squeezing his arse, holding most of his weight, as they broke apart to breath as Raul moaned breathlessly at the feel of Koen's hot breath and soft, aggressive lips moving down his neck. The heady, drugging effect of Koen's power feeding his own was combining with what Koen was doing to him, all that crackling electricity. Raul helplessly ground his hips against Koen as that hot, open mouth ran back up his neck, sharpened teeth scratching harshly. Raul's hands were moving almost mindlessly over Koen's body when Koen abruptly pulled away, all but dropping Raul as he felt his body slide down him. Raul let out a half scream of disappointment, glaring into the hot glowing green eyes in front of him as Koen smirked stepping back with an arched eyebrow. Raul watched through lusting eyes as Koen's long fingers began undoing the straining fly restraining the impressive looking erection he'd felt prodding his stomach a moment earlier. The bright green eye of the wolf tattoo on Koen's stomach seemed to be winking at him as the fly was being lowered.

A key turning in the front door as it opened brought Raul right out of his dream. He let out a frustrated grunt as he opened bleary eyes, shifting around to try and get his heavily aroused body more comfortable. Raul could see that the credits to the movie he'd been watching, Blade Trinity, were rolling up the glowing flat screen television across from him. 

"Oops sorry Raul, didn't think you'd be asleep this early." Koen apologized as he dropped his keys on the black four seater round table they used as a dining table and began removing his leather jacket. 

Raul managed a smile. "It's alright, I did a double shift and was playing a bit of catch up I guess. I wasn't planning on falling asleep this early yet either I wanted to see the end of that movie."

Koen looking tired as he draped the jacket on the back of a chair rubbed a hand over his forehead, he managed a smile as he moved around the lounge pulling the dark red curtains over the windows and French doors. "I know how that feels, I've done enough double shifts in my time to know it can hit out like that. Even us night creatures get hit by not enough sleep." He said sympathetically as he dropped onto the other black leather couch with a sigh. Kicking off his black, white and blue Nike sneakers he rubbed his black sock clad feet idly on the cream coloured carpet as he reached over to flip on the light between the two adjacently placed couches. 

"I thought you were going for a break this weekend, you seem more tired then when you left." Raul ventured.

Koen shrugged. "Maybe I need a longer holiday then two days."

"Where is everybody?" Koen asked curiously.

It was Raul's turn to shrug. "Dunno, Mark said he had a hot date and haven't seen him since seven. Rudi I haven't seen either, but then you know she doesn't think much of me."

Koen grunted. "Well I'm going to have a shower, be back soon." He said getting to his feet and heading towards the bathroom.

As the door closed Raul was left to his thoughts and his own company as he lay on the couch. Getting to his feet he helped himself to a long necked beer from the fridge and went back to his post. Turning off the DVD player he switched off the television and switched to the stereo accepting the radio station that was playing, listening intently to Marilyn Manson's Sweet Dreams, a favorite song of his. In the background Raul could hear the shower going, imagining Koen's tall, muscular body, naked in the shower, had him getting hard again. Not that his cock had gone down completely. Raul ran a hand through his loose dark hair feeling a mix of sexual frustration and wistfulness roll through him. Over the past week and a half he'd been trying everything he could think of to get into Koen's pants. Sometimes he thought he was making real progress, other times he had no idea. Koen was the hardest to read 'wolf he'd ever been around. 

It was killing Raul slowly having to wait when he and his wolf knew that was their mate walking around denying them. It wasn't just a sexual killing of intense frustration either, it felt deeper then just the physical. He didn't know how much longer they could wait and he just knew that there was no backing away from it now. His wolf let him know that 'wolves rarely retreated so they had to press on. His wolf considered the red wolf his mate and nothing would distract him or them now from what they wanted. Raul had tried a few times to get rid of his intense craving for Koen by trying for other men. He'd allowed the blonde 'wolf at Koen's concert to hit on him but it hadn't really gone far, he been half hard yes, the promise of sex always turned on werewolves, but neither he or his wolf was interested. What had interested them was the surge of anger and jealousy they'd felt, knowing Koen's power signature well they'd known it was him. That surge had Raul hoping once again that something might be happening, that Koen was accepting what was between them. There had also been a moment when they'd gone out clubbing to The Queen again, just the pair of them and Mark. Koen likely didn't remember, but Raul remembered, he didn't think he'd be able to forget. Mark had persuaded Koen to give him two dances as part of a bet he'd lost.

Raul felt like he'd been waiting for that dance all his life and he hadn't been able to get rid of the feeling of Koen's hard, warm body pressed against him. Koen's smell, his hot breath and his soft thick hair in it's ponytail brushing against Raul's face as the pair of them danced together, Koen's body curved into the back of his. One of Koen's strong arms was wrapped around him, hand pressed against his stomach to hold him against him. Raul had even felt Koen's hard cock pressing into his arse crack as the pair of them danced, all but grinding into each other as the beat of the music and nearness of each other seemed to take over them. Then when Raul felt it couldn't get much better he felt Koen sucking on his ear, the long fingers of the hand resting on his stomach teasing him as they inched lower towards the waist band on his jeans, slipping finger tips under it. 

Raul heard a soft moan not realizing it was his for a few minutes as he dragged himself out of his memory. The sound of the shower had stopped leaving Raul with a sense of anticipation as he waited for Koen to come out. He didn't have to wait long before the bathroom door opened, releasing a cloud of hot steam as Koen emerged from the cloud with just a dark blue towel wrapped around his lean waist, all wet hair and flushed skin. With an intense look in Raul's direction Koen turned and padded into his bedroom, shutting the door behind him as he dressed. Raul shook himself like a dog, giving himself a mental slap to stop being so obvious. He really didn't want to be one of those humans or god forbid 'wolves who chased after alphas, desperate for them. Raul sneered to himself, finding that he understood them with a new sympathy as he feared he wasn't far away from the same desperation. His 'wolf stirred at Raul's disdainful self observation reminding him determination was part of instinct and fighting for one's mate required dedication, as well as some humiliation. Raul snarled as his 'wolf's silent comment not impressed with that analogy. Raul's wolf lifted it's nose, the set of his ears and shoulders was proud, miffed at being dismissed when he was right.

KOEN

Koen felt some of his spirit was restored as he finished dressing and came out of his bedroom, hunger fighting in his guts as he went back to the lounge. Raul was still sitting on the couch, drinking his beer and listening to the rock station on the radio. 

"Hungry?" Koen asked Raul as he went past him to get a beer of his own from the kitchen.

Koen saw Raul shrug and turn around on the couch to look at him as he was returning. "A bit yeah, I haven't eaten yet, I couldn't be bothered when I got back from work."

"How about pizza? I can't be bothered cooking either but my body's demanding I fill it." Koen suggested as he picked up a brochure from a pile on the shelf under the black and glass coffee table. Looking through it he decided he wanted the meat lovers.
