 KOEN

"Looking good Koen." Rudi's voice crooned in his ear as she wrapped her arms around him from behind.

Koen shot her a smug look through the mirror they were looking at. His mirrored image didn't look too bad the tight black shirt he was wearing clung to his lean, muscled chest, shoulders and flat stomach showing a hit of his six pack abs. The shirt was short enough and tight enough that it showed off his biceps and the start of the his black and red barbwire tattoo circling his upper left bicep. His tight black jeans clung to his long, muscled legs and high, round arse. This time he'd left his necklace outside his shirt, the white wolf teeth standing out against his black t-shirt, his usual white wolf claw earring swinging gently against his neck. He'd slipped his wolf head ring onto his thumb it's red ruby eyes gleaming, the last gift his father had given him as eldest son of their pack.

"Better not get hard in those pants my stud. The entire world will know who your pointing at." Rudi teased him as she squeezed the crotch in question as she ran her free hand through his loose dark red hair. "You should really let me put a tiny bit of eyeliner on you, it'd bring out your wolf eyes so much better."

Koen frowned at her. "I'm not a fairy." He scowled at her as he pulled away from her stalking over to his bed and sitting on it to pull on his heavy leather boots, the type motorcyclists wore. 

A sharp, loud wolf whistle brought his attention to the door of his bedroom to see Mark decked out in his usual tight jeans. He was bare chested showing off a nicely tanned and muscled upper body, his tanned flesh was hairless and the thick gold chain he was wearing around his neck gleamed against his pecs. Mark's short, peroxide white blonde hair was spiked up and unlike Koen his blue eyes were outlined by subtle, barely there eyeliner. Just enough that his dark blue eyes really stood out.

"Whoo Koen! Who are you trying to impress tonight?" Mark teased coming over to playfully squeeze his tightly clothed bicep, the black leather creaking. Koen pushed him away with a grin twitching at his mouth. Nobody could be annoyed for long under Mark's sunny, playful grin.

"I could ask you the same question but you always look like a fairy anyway." Koen retorted with a playful grin of his own. His taunt wasn't exactly true, Mark might be gay but he wasn't one of the many effeminate types, but he did usually look good and usually only wore the eye make-up for their gigs.

Mark sneered giving Koen a disapproving, slow look up and down his body as if what he was wearing wasn't hot. "What can I say, not all of us like to dress up as the slob of the year. I have my standards doncha know?" Mark said haughtily, voice very feminine sounding as he sniffed at him, deliberately playing the fairy for Koen.

Koen shrugged. "What do I care?" He grunted with a wink as he got his leather jacket from out of the closest and slid it on as he got his wallet and keys.

"Are the others here yet?" Koen asked as Rudi squirted him with his cologne. The band usually met up at Mark and Koen's inner city flat before any gigs to talk, relax and discuss anything before they set out for the gig site they were playing at. Koen had two properties, splitting his time between the inner city flat and his other house out on the outskirts of the city. He needed to be in the city to handle the business side of their band but he needed his space at the same time so he'd compromised. 

Mark nodded as he finished the beer he was drinking. "Yep, all here and accounted for. They, of corse, weren't counting on you being a woman and taking your usual day and half to get ready. They arrived late after all."

"He likes to call me a fairy." Mark could be heard muttering in a disgusted tone to Rudi.

Koen shook his head and slapped the back of Mark's head hard as he walked past him and out the door of his bedroom ignoring Mark and Rudi's laughter. So what if he took a little time to get ready, he liked to look good, there was nothing wrong with that!.


"Koen." Was Lew's greeting accompanied by a nod as he slumped on the couch in their small living room sipping at a beer as he watched the evening news. Lew's dark hair and eyes, olive skin and sharp features were brought out by his black leather pants and tight black t.shirt with the words Fuck You in bold, red lettering on the front and back. Koen nodded to him as he made his way to the kitchen to fetch himself a beer of his own and passed Fina who was returning with a glass of the screwdrivers she favored.

"Looking good." She said to him with a leer as she passed him taking the liberty of pinching his arse on her way past. 

Fina's raven black hair was streaked liberally with red, purple and blue today and her hair, along with her slanting dark eyes revealed her half Japanese ancestry. Her slim, curvy figure was being showed off by her high black boots, short red skirt and tight black t-shirt. The bold yellow words "If You've Been a Bad Boy Go to My Room." had Koen grinning as he got the beer he wanted and returned to the lounge with his friends and band members.

RAUL

Raul's manager had given him an early break in anticipation of the large crowd that usually arrived on Saturday nights to hear the bands play. He was outside, a glass of coke in one hand as he leaned against the back wall of the pub keeping a workmate company as she smoked. His 'wolf was protesting at the smell of the cigarette smoke, their kind didn't like toxic fumes, living in a city the size of London was at times torture for them both. Looking at his watch he noticed that Koen and his band were late. On the heels of his thoughts a saw a bright blue van appear as it streaked around the corner of the street and sped towards him. Raul grinned as the van screeched to a halt, all but lurching forward another meter or so at the abrupt stop as the engine protested it as well. 

"What the fuck is wrong with you?" He heard Koen growling at Mark as the front passenger door opened to allow Koen's tall, lean figure to swing down to the ground. The side door opened to allow Lew and Fina to get out, Fina was grinning no doubt thrilled by the fast, maniacal joy ride across London. Lew scowled as always, Raul couldn't honesty tell if he was as annoyed as Koen with Mark's driving since it was his usual expression.

"Your the one that said we were late, so I attempted to make us not as late as we were going to be." Raul heard Mark defend himself with a laugh as the blonde got out of the van and came around the van. Koen flipped Mark off and headed for the open back van door to start hauling out the band's gear, slinging some of it over his shoulders, taking more in his arms. Lew and Fina each picked up their share of gear and were following Koen as he disappeared into the pub. Raul felt that he was nearly drooling like a dog as he saw the way Koen was dressed, he was always hot, but tonight he appeared to have gone all out for a change. 

"Hi Raul, whatcha doing out here?" Mark greeted him as he came over to say hello, his Irish lilt charming as always.

"Having a break before you lot turn my good, quiet pub into a mad house." Raul replied with a smile. "I see your doing your best to drive Koen crazy tonight." He teased him, Megan, his co-worker giggled at the playful banter between the two of them.

Mark grinned at him widening his dark blue eyes innocently. "I'd never do that. Everybody knows my driving is in a class of it's own." 

Raul grinned back. "Oh really? Is that so?"

"Hey Mark! Get your lazy butt over here now! Stop flirting with Raul and do some damned work." Koen yelled as he was returning to the van for another load of gear.

Mark sighed and rolled his eyes, pouting. "You don't allow me any fun at all Koen. Your a slave driver." He complained as he headed for the van to grab some gear.

"Hey Raul." Koen shot him a smile as he walked past with his second load of gear causing Raul to swear he felt his heart actually flutter and jerk in his chest as he got his usual whiff of his smell and the sound of that deep Welsh accented voice. His cock twitched in his jeans pointing out to him as it always did that it wanted Koen too. He was tempted to drool again as his eyes locked on Koen's tight, round ass in his equally tight jeans and the sight of his leather jacket pulled taut across his broad shoulders and muscled back. 

"Ya know you should really do something, those looks you send after him make me hot and I'm just a bystander to it." Mark leaned in to whisper in Raul's ear as he passed him with his load of gear causing Raul to flush a bit, Mark winked at him slyly over his shoulder. He thought he was past blushing and couldn't actually remember the last time he'd blushed for the life of him, but he sure felt the hot colour rise up his neck into his cheeks. 

"He's right you know. If you don't eat that boy up, I certainly wouldn't mind." Megan comment with a sigh, fanning her face comically as she looked after the mahogany haired Koen.

Raul shot her a look out of the corner of his eye feeling a smile tugging at his lips, as he indicated Rudi who'd arrived in her own car due to the lack of room in the van. Rudi had parked and was hurrying to follow the others into the pub, shooting Raul a sneer as she passed him,. "He's got a girlfriend or believe me I would."

Megan snorted tossing the last of her cigarette on the ground and grinding it out with the toe of her shoe. "Wouldn't stop me darlin'." She said shooting him a sly wink of her own as she walked back into the staff entrance of the pub. 

With a shake of his head Raul followed her back into the pub to resume his shift.

Raul didn't get another break till Koen's band had finished playing and were starting to pack up their instruments to give the next band the small stage. As always the crowd had gone nuts loving Koen and his band, their choice of songs, a mixture of rock and heavy metal covers and songs of their own always excited and pleased the crowd. Raul was as big a fan as anybody else in that audience and had gasped along with everybody else when Koen had ripped his shirt off and done the last two songs bare chested. Raul's cock, still at full erection and throbbing painfully in the tight constriction of his jeans still remembered the shifting muscles and smooth pale skin of Koen's upper body. He'd felt jealous of Koen's long hair brushing against his bare shoulders and back. The dark shade of red looked black in most lights but under the fierce stage lighting had appeared vivid, blood red, the colour contrasting with his pale skin and pale eyes. He wasn't a body builder by any stretch of the word, but his muscles were defined and toned and his tattoos seemed starker by contrast. Raul found himself particularly fascinated by the top a black wolf's heard raised to howl that he could see appearing over the top of Koen's jeans, low on right side of his stomach. He wondered how far down the rest of the wolf went. 

Raul used his break to hurry over and have an excuse to talk to Koen as they worked at carefully packing away their gear. To Raul's disappointment Koen had put his tight black shirt back on. 

"Koen! Great performance man!" Raul greeted him as he came up to him and slipped an arm around those broad shoulders he loved, giving him a one armed guy hug. 

Koen grinned at him. "Good to hear we've got another loyal fan."

Raul grinned back reluctantly releasing Koen, hoping it wasn't really obvious. "Well, you were okay for tonight. I'm sure there are better bands then yours. But I just haven't heard them yet." Raul teased.

"Whoo! That was cold!" Mark commented laughingly as he broke of his conversation with a cute blonde kid who looked about nineteen, the kid was at every gig they played, obviously a bit of a groupie where Mark was concerned. Something that Mark ate up. 

Koen smirked at Raul and grabbed him wrestling him into a head lock so he could pinch and twist his ear hard. Raul squirmed and glared at Koen trying to free his ear and trying not to show how much he was enjoying the touching and being that close to Koen's body. The addition of healthy sweat to Koen's mix of smells was exciting him too. Raul managed to squirm enough to free an arm and used it to pinch Koen's nipple hard. Raul hoped to get Koen to release him before he felt his erection digging into his stomach.

"I think your both beaten there, truce i'd say." Mark said when he'd managed to catch his breath, he hadn't been able to stop laughing at the absurd display the pair of them were putting on. 

KOEN

Koen smirked refusing to wince at Raul's hard, pinching fingers and finding he liked having Raul's body under his control. His 'wolf liked it too from the satisfied growl he felt inside of him. His 'wolf began urging him to mark or fuck Raul now he had him under his power and control, they could both feel Raul's erection, Raul's obvious desire egging them both on, but Koen ignored it. Managing for now to wrestle his wolf's desires and his own down for now. Mark's comment earned him a side long amused glance as Koen released Raul ignoring the disappointed whimper from his wolf. Now they both couldn't feel Raul's body against him or control him. As he released him Raul let go of Koen's nipple much to his relief so he released the ear he was holding tightly between his own fingers.

"We are well matched it would seem." Koen taunted Raul his smirk still there.

Raul smirked back at him, arching an eyebrow. "Apparently." Was all he said the knowing glint in his eyes letting Koen know he'd felt his erection too.

"Koen honey!" Rudi called excitedly as she made her way towards him wrapping her arms around Koen's lean waist and hugging him tightly as she kissed him. "Is that for me?" She whispered in his ear as she broke the kiss, leaning against the erection she cold feel in Koen's jeans.

Koen merely smiled enigmatically at her as he pulled back slightly to look down at her. Turning his attention to his girlfriend meant that Koen missed the dark, almost angry look that fleetingly crossed Raul's face. Koen even missed the hard, triumphant look Rudi flashed Raul over Koen's shoulder. Only Mark seemed to notice and was giving Raul a sympathetic look as he'd gone back to his conversation with Vincent, his nineteen year old fan and an older black guy who'd come up to talk and flirt with him. Koen also didn't notice Raul disappearing back in the direction of the bar.

"I was so proud of you up there. You looked so hot and everybody loved you." Rudi continued to say, her beaming smile expressing that pride and pleasure. 

"Let's go get a drink guys." Fina called as she stowed away the last piece of gear and began picking things up for the trek back to the van. "After we get this all in the van of corse."

Koen pulled away from Rudi and nodded. "Alright, sounds good. I'm dry as a camel in the Sahara at the moment." He agreed as he began picking up gear. "Where did Raul go?" He asked curiously looking around realising that his friend was missing.

Mark gave him a droll look. "He does have to work."

Koen shrugged not overly concerned as he picked up his own share of gear and began ferrying it all into Mark's van, Mark, Fina, Rudi and Lew all helping to get the job done so they could all celebrate a bit.