 Apologies for the long delay in chapters, I thank everybody that took the time to read it and those that commented on my story. I hope you enjoy the chapter. Comments are welcome. 

*

CHAPTER EIGHT

RAUL

Raul was restless as he tossed and turned on the wide, comfortable couch bed he was sleeping on. He stretched giving up on sleep as he pushed aside the light sheet and blanket that covered his naked body. He opened his eyes to regard the unfamiliar living room he was in and growled at the empty space, knowing from the alert, almost brooding awareness in his blood and his wolf, that tonight the moon would rise full. 

It was still dark, not the kind of deep darkness that signaled the middle of the night, the shades of grey highlighting it hinted at it being closer to 5am. Not that the darkness was a problem to his wolf eyes as he could see easily. 

Raul listened to the sounds of crickets and frogs chirping outside the open windows, the light patterned curtains blowing gently in the cooling breeze coming through them. The polished wooden floor seemed to glow under the shaft of pure moonlight that was hitting it from between a gap in the curtains. The same soft breeze was making a couple of wooden wind chimes tinkle somewhere outside. Smells of wood, polish, grass, trees and good clean dirt drifted into his sensitive nose. The ticking of a background clock seemed loud because it was the only other noise when he was used to the noise and bustle of London. His wolf was enjoying the rare opportunity to be away from it but Raul felt the silence was unnerving used to the city as he was. 

As always Raul wondered where Koen was remembering that the alpha had brought them here to his country property, a safe idea when tonight they'd be under the moon's control. Standing up he wandered across the living room to the sliding door that was already open suggesting Koen had probably gone out for a run. Like him Koen was as restless and unsettled by the approaching rise of the full moon and the red wolf had been unable to settle the last time he'd heard him prowling the house. 

Raul felt a wicked grin spread across his face knowing that he had made Koen worse by kissing him twice after his meeting with Reynard. It did seem that progress was being made or the moon had begun to effect Koen early, as his alpha had kissed back, it seemed that Koen could not help himself. Only timely or untimely arrivals of Rudi or Mark if you looked at it from Raul's perspective had stopped their kisses carrying on to their inevitable end. 

As he leaned against the door frame the darkness outside was lit up by the low slung moon and the stars shielded by the darker floating shapes of clouds. He automatically searched the soft darkness for Koen and at first he could not see, hear or smell Koen. Raul was considering slipping his skin to go for a run and look for him, anything to escape some of the restlessness itching at him. 

Then he saw something out of the corner of his eye and turned to stare in complete surprise at the sight that met his eyes, he blinked twice to make sure his eyes weren't lying to him. A huge red wolf was darting easily between the trees, weaving in and out like a ghost. 

Following along with his antics was another pair of wolves as the three wolves chased each other in a classic game of chase and catch. The red wolf was easily recognizable as Koen from the smell and feel of his energy; the other two were not fellow werewolves but their wolf cousins, easily recognizable if you looked. 

While the red wolf looked like the native wolves he played with, Koen was much larger twice the size of a large native male wolf and more heavily muscled. Werewolf eyes glowed, seeming to burn hypnotically out of the darkness with a cold, feral intelligence and clarity that no natural wolf had. There were more subtle differences too in just the air of power that seemed to hover like an aura and the solid color of Koen's glossy dark red pelt.

Koen and the two male native wolves seemed to be enjoying themselves judging by the alert, forward facing ears and the wolf grins. Raul felt his own grin spreading across his face as he watched the playful game of chase, his own sense of fun stirring quickly, his wolf wanting to join in the game as well. 

Abruptly Koen darted out from behind a bush and stared straight at Raul with his eerie glowing eyes and made a noise, a soft humming whine that was wolf for come and join in. With pleased yelps Koen's two companions sprang out from behind bushes of their own to tackle the much larger red wolf. With a surprised huffing grunt Koen went down under their combined weight as the two wolves wrestled with him on the ground. With a loud whoop Raul shed his human skin, accelerating through his change at top speed and felt his paws hit the ground as he darted into the middle of the game, nipping playfully at the heels of the nearest native wolf. 

KOEN

Koen flopped onto the soft grass of his backyard and rolled in it enjoying the feel of it on his sweat soaked fur. He allowed his muzzle to fall open in a wolf grin, tongue lolling as he panted, he rolled onto his belly. Raul and the two native wolves flopped down around him in various poses of happy collapse. 

The four of them had had a merry chase playing in the trees until they'd all exhausted themselves Companionable silence reigned as they got their breath back, Koen could still feel the alert hum in his blood and energy that told him the moon was due to rise tonight. 

His wolf was just as alert too, his ears and hackles raised in awareness, but their combined restlessness was tempered by the exhaustion of a good run for the moment. His purpose in seeking out his two smaller friends in the first place had been to exhaust himself a little, as he had been unable to sleep. Tossing and turning on his bed from a mixture of his moon tension and lust for Raul had not been any fun and the longer he'd been there, the stronger the urge to fuck Raul got. 

Koen listened as a low, mellow howl sounded from far off in the night. Koen's two native wolf companions leapt to their feet and answered the mellow howl of their alpha, disappearing into the trees without as much as a farewell. Koen did not need farewells from his two smaller friends, they often ran together when he came out here as the native wolves were just youngsters and enjoyed stretching their muscles whenever they could. 

Lost in his thoughts and the peace around them Koen realized the black wolf was sitting on his haunches next to him. Raul was studying him with a mix of lust and thoughtfulness in his gleaming golden eyes. 

For a moment or two Koen was tempted to stay in wolf form to avoid his human form around Raul. But for once being in wolf form was not stopping his desire for Raul at all. To his wolf half Raul was a good looking beast, being nearly as large as Koen but he was a leaner wolf as fitted his human form. His glossy black fur and golden eyes with their distinctive glow were mesmerizing and although 'wolves were too civilized to have sex in wolf form Koen was tempted regardless. Clearly the hunger Koen could see burning in Raul's eyes meant he was just as affected. 

With a sigh Koen slipped his skin and sat up on the grass as he saw the air around Raul shimmer and waver, as he too slipped his skin. As always watching another wolf change never failed to leave Koen in awe as he watched Raul's wolf form blur and dissolve as his human form molded itself from within it. 

For a long, tense moment silence stretched on as the pair of them, both naked in their human forms stared at each other, their mutual hunger locking them together. 

Raul broke their gazes first and growled a low frustrated noise as he glared at Koen. Koen could smell how horny Raul was and already felt Raul's power beginning to escape his control. Koen felt his own power respond and unfurl as it escaped his control running out his skin as he shuddered. His cock already impossibly hard, throbbed and ached with the need that was forcing his entire body to tremble. So strong was Koen's desire he could no longer even remember why he was resisting Raul. He was so far gone into his wolf emotions and to the power of the moon already shredding his usual control and clear thinking that it was all he could do just to sit there and not jump Raul.

He shook his head irritated, there was a reason he was resisting he could dimly feel he did have a reason. But compelled and seduced as he was, he was rapidly losing the will to care anymore. 

Koen had a moment to register Raul's nose flare and saw a fleeting feral smirk cross Raul's face, his eyes flashed, then the blur that was Raul was coming at him as he grunted under Raul's weight. 

As Raul's mouth locked onto his, Koen heard a noise, a desperate horny groan and realized it was his as he opened his mouth to Raul's aggressive kiss. They sucked on each other's tongues as they devoured each other, allowing their hands to roam as they touched and caressed each other. 

Under the heat of that kiss and the warm, hard body pressing him down into the grass Koen heard himself release another identical noise. Escaping his control his energy snapped and crackled running between them like a runaway train. 

He grabbed handfuls of Raul's hair and roughly used it to jerk his head back as he reared up under him, breaking their kiss so he could attack the warm, tawny skin of his neck fighting the urge to bite him as his teeth lengthened. Whether it was from the scratch of his teeth or something else Koen heard Raul's hard growl, as horny and desperate a noise as his own, he felt Raul release the last of his own energy to run over them. 

Koen moaned as he felt their energy clash and crackle as it ran together and down his skin with warm, electric fingers. Koen felt Raul's hands running over him greedily and arched his back as he felt the cut of sharp nails realizing that Raul's teeth and nails must have sharpened too. Koen nipped and sucked the skin over Raul's shoulder, working his way across his upper chest and back up to his mouth. 

Raul growled and kissed him back just as hungrily as Koen felt him bite his bottom lip in his aggression. Koen growled back, he rolled them over, enjoying the sensual pleasure of feeling their bodies rubbing against each other as he ground his hips into Raul. By now their power was running rampant crackling around them and firing their blood, the urge to bite Raul, to mark, to fuck him, was so strong he dug his sharpened teeth into Raul's skin and listened to Raul's moan of encouragement.

RAUL

Raul's last thought before he pounced was he never thought he'd be so grateful to a full moon. Now he kissed Koen, sucking his tongue back into his mouth as he stroked Koen's face and down to his strong shoulders. He allowed his hands to stroke over Koen's strong abs, running his fingers over the muscles, scoring with his sharp claws. 

He grinned as he felt Koen arch into his hands, feeling as if he didn't have enough hands to touch Koen, wanting almost to rip his skin open to get inside him. His hands found the hot, hard length of Koen's dick he could feel pressing into his thigh and heard his own excited growl as he realized Koen was a big guy. His own cock was just as hard and demanding attention as he ground his hips into Koen, feeling Koen's hands find his arse. 

Wrapping his hand around Koen's cock, he stroked using the freely leaking precum as lube, feeling his arse clench in excited anticipation, enjoying Koen's hands touching him as he felt fingers playing with his hole At Koen's encouraging growl Raul sped up what he was doing, feeling a feral grin across his face as he heard Koen's breathing become more of a ragged pant. He heard himself moan, his own breathing starting to match Koen's as he pushed his arse back into Koen's fingers, feeling a second finger, then at third work their way inside him. 

Releasing Koen's mouth he moved down the body under him his hot, sucking mouth aiming for his hands. He jerked and hissed as he felt Koen's free hand run across his hip to wrap around his own hard, leaking cock, Koen began to stroke with teasing fingers varying the speed to torment him. 

When he had Koen's body trembling from his efforts as he finally took his cock in his mouth and slowly swallowed it. Under the attention of his skilled mouth and tongue Koen was panting in ragged gasps as he thrust his hips helplessly, his hands gripping onto Raul hard.

Koen's wasn't controlling his great strength so Raul was distantly aware that hard grip was painful and leaving bruises, Koen's sharpened claws were digging into him enough that he felt warm trails of blood. 

Raul heard a hoarse growl as his only warning then he felt an almost brutal tug on his hair. Koen jerked him up and off; Raul realized dimly that he was air borne as Koen all but threw him off him. In the same blinding rush of speed and strength as Raul gasped for the air that was knocked out of him, Koen grabbed his leg and hauled, rolling on top of him and sliding between his legs. 

Raul allowed Koen to slide between his legs and slung his legs over Koen's shoulders, running his hands mindlessly over him. Raul let out an excited growl as he thrust his hips towards the head of the erection prodding the entrance to his hole. 

Raul stared into the blazing pale green eyes hovering above him as he felt that large, gently tapered head push through his tight ring of muscles. He gasped through the pleasure pain, as Koen sweat beading on his forehead and shoulders, pushed steadily forward fighting his body's resistance. 

Raul had a moment to glory in the pleasure-pain fullness of Koen's large cock resting fully embedded in him, then Koen was suddenly thrusting forward, clearly having lost his great control. Raul arched his back thrusting back into Koen as he lost himself in the power of his heated blood and the clashing power between the two of them. 

He was aware of a low continuous growl and realized it was coming from Koen; Raul increased his speed as he thrust back into Koen, encouraging Koen to go faster, moaning when he felt Koen begin to thrust harder and faster. Koen leaned forward and kissed him thrusting his tongue into Raul's mouth in time to the thrusts of his cock. Raul could feel that Koen's teeth were still sharpening and ran his tongue over them curiously, deliberately cutting his tongue on a sharpened canine. He heard Koen growl as they both tasted his blood and pulled back from their kiss. 

Raul saw Koen's eyes take on a red glow of blood lust then he darted forward, sharp wolf teeth bared. Raul moaned excitedly as he felt Koen's sharp teeth sink into the base of his neck, gripping onto Koen's forearms for support. The sting of Koen's bite merged with the drugging pleasure of wolf serum being leaked into him, Koen's special version was like having heated ginger spice racing through his veins. 

Caught between a final brutal thrust that stretched him to capacity and the drugging pleasure pain of Koen's bite, Raul screamed as he felt his balls all but explode with his climax, feeling his seed spray Koen's abdomen and chest as his cock jerked, pulsing with his orgasm. 

He was faintly aware that he was digging his sharpened claws into Koen's upper arms. He felt slippery blood between his fingers, and found himself jerking up from the ground to violently sink his own sharper teeth into Koen's shoulder, growling as he got a mouth full of hot, rich, electricity filled blood. Hungrily he swallowed, daring to swallow a second mouthful as he allowed the serum sacks in his jaws to leak serum into Koen. 

As Raul felt Koen shudder from his own climax, he could feel hot seed fill his insides and wrapped himself around Koen as they panted and jerked. He was releasing his bite and pulling his teeth out of Koen, when he felt a bond snap taut between them like a bow string. He was aware that his entire body and soul were tingling; he could feel the presence of Koen in a place so deep inside him he wasn't sure of a name for it and then darkness.

KOEN

Koen woke up aware that nearly an entire day had vanished on him from the sounds of daylight wildlife beginning to settle itself for the night and from the angle of the setting sun. He realized he felt stiff and stretched feeling the body tangled up with his stir. He also realized from the itching awareness in his blood that the full moon was rising, his wolf was stirring and reading himself to seize control of them both. 

His back, stomach and right shoulder in particular stung and he felt the dizzy drugging contentment of wolf serum. Opening his eye he got a glimpse of Raul's left shoulder and neck, he stared bemused at the deep, already healed teeth marks. 

Hazily he was aware that he could not only feel his mate beside him but he could also feel him in so deep a place inside him that he was actually a part of him. He was too blended with his wolf to question it to much, but knew he should be very concerned about that but for now he was fine with it, more curious than anything else. 

Poking it with a curious mental thought he saw that the presence of his mate inside him was connected to him by a long glowing white cord. Touching it he heard a mental twang as if he'd flicked a nylon string pulled taut between two sticks. 

Shrugging he was too comfortable and to content to really want to poke at it too much, he left it alone, happy to laze on the grass with his mate and enjoy the warm sunshine. Koen closed his eyes and dozed, running his fingers lazily over Raul's smooth, warm skin. He was aware that the humming growl was coming from him as he felt Raul's fingers lazily drift through his hair, enjoying the deeper quicksilver iced-heat running through him from Raul's bite. 

Sometime later Koen woke up to find he was hard and full of a violently urgent need to fuck Raul. Before he could do more than register that, he found himself rolling over to slide between Raul's legs. Raul's legs wrapped around him, gripping with all their strength as Koen listened to his mate's sleepy hum of encouragement. 

He buried himself easily inside Raul, who was already opened and slick from their last mating, and growled at the tight, heat gripping him. From underneath him Raul moaned, tightening his legs as Koen felt Raul's claws dig into his back. 

Leaning forward Koen contracted his abs so that he stroked Raul's hard cock trapped between their bodies, feeling a feral grin cross his face as he heard Raul's excited hum. Their energy snapped and popped around them as it stroked down their bodies adding to their level of excitement. Through the strange connection between them Koen could feel Raul's pleasure, his joy in what they were doing and his sense of victory.

"Fuck you." Koen ground out into Raul's ear as he thrust harder, feeling the need to curse him. 

He sucked on the ear, he moved his mouth up Raul's throat and kissed him hard. The smell of Raul was driving him crazy, as was the lure of his hot, hard muscled body. He used his sharp claws to score up Raul's sides and was rewarded with a choked noise of pleasure.

"You are." Raul whispered into Koen's mouth and Koen felt him smirk as he tightened his muscles, gripping harder as if he was attempting to keep Koen's cock inside him. 

Responding easily to Koen's body Raul matched Koen's thrusts as they rose and fell, giving and taking. Breathing heavily Koen broke free of the kiss and buried his face in the warm, heated curve of Koen's shoulder. 

He could smell the rich scent of Raul's blood and felt the urge to mark him again. He used his sharpened teeth to tease Raul and he buried himself for the last time inside Raul to release himself. He groaned as his body jerked and heaved from his climax and giving into the lure of his instincts bit him. 
