 As soon as the clan meeting ended Noah rushed to Matt's house as fast as his bulky form would carry him through the woods. He arrived at the glass door of the house. It was two a.m. Noah didn't think Matt would be awake, he said he kept normal human hours. He scratched at the door and received no answer.

{Matt! Are you there?} He looked up at the window but there was no answer. He growled and looked around before barking and howling.

{This better wake you up, I feel stupid.} He thought out loud. There was still no movement or light from the house. He snarled and backed up before climbing up the wall. The window was closed but he could see Matt inside, sleeping. He was completely naked in his bed and in the hot night he had kicked the sheets away from his body. His flaccid cock rested on his thigh. Noah hesitated before deciding this was to important to wait until morning. He clawed at the window and Matt shifted in bed. Rolling so Noah got a good view of his ass. Noah swallowed and grimaced

{You're killing me here Matty.} Noah said. {MATT!} He shouted, aiming his thoughts directly at Matt. Matt jumped up and grabbed the sheet to cover himself with. He looked around and saw nothing but shook it off and started crawling into bed. Noah's paws were slipping, he didn't dig his claws in due to the holes he had caused last time.

{Matt, window!} He said as he struggled to stay attached to the wall. Matt looked at the window and saw Noah. He slipped on a pair of boxers out of view of Noah and jogged over to the window. He opened it just as Noah fell and grabbed his arm in time. He lifted Noah into the room with one hand and Noah was surprised at his strength. He knew vampires were strong, but he easily weighed five hundred pounds in his wolf form. All of it muscle. His tail alone weighed more than Matt would.

"Are you alright?" Matt asked once Noah was inside. Noah shifted into his human form. A stunning contrast to his wolf form he was only five six and 125 lbs. 

"Fine..." Noah couldn't get the image of Matt's large cock out of his mind. He was easily larger soft than Noah was hard. Then he remembered why he came. 

"No, not fine. We just had a pack meeting, we are in some trouble." Noah said and sat down on the bed. 

"Okay just hold on. Let me get pants." Matt said. Noah giggled and Matt walked into the bathroom to change. Noah thought it was funny how he was now shy. He waited while Matt got dressed and hesitated before taking the pillow Matt had been laying on and inhaled deeply. He could smell Matt's shampoo and his own manly smell. It sent shivers up his spine but he put it down before Matt caught him. 

"Okay, so what is the problem?" Matt asked as he sat next to Noah.

"My pack. They've decided your kind are to dangerous. They want revenge and to show that we aren't weak." Noah said. "They're going to declare war." 

"What?!" Matt stood up and started pacing.

"Matt this isn't good. If they declare war....we cant be friends anymore. Not to mention we would have to kill each other." Noah shrugged miserably.

"That's not going to happen." Matt sat back down and put his hand on the back of Noah's head and touched their foreheads together. They stared into each others eyes for a long while before Noah caved and fell into Matt's chest. The two embraced and Matt pressed a loving kiss to Noah's lips. Noah knew Matt was his mate then. Electricity shocked through his body and he was instantly hard. It was the same as when they had kissed on the couch, but only strong. Because now it was about love. Not sex. Matt looked at him and he knew he felt it too, but neither of them said anything. It wasn't time for confessing their love. It was time to make a plan.

"I'm not to worried about you, you have a strong clan. They will protect you." Noah said, he still didn't want their people to fight.

"You don't understand, Noah. My clan doesn't live in this town. They came only to kill your pack, and scare off those they didn't." Matt said. "I'm alone here." 

"What? Oh Jesus this is even worse." Noah pulled away from Matt and put his head in his hands. Matt rubbed soothing circles on his back.

"We will work this out, Noah." Matt reassured him. "Trust me." Matt smiled. Noah looked up at him and gave a weak smile back. The two shared another short kiss before Noah stood.

"We have to do something." Noah said as he paced uneasily.

"We could tell them about us. Maybe that will make them understand that our kind don't have to fight." Matt said.

"No, my kind cherish love but I don't think they will take kindly to you." Noah said and looked at Matt with sorrow filled eyes. Matt stood and hugged him lovingly.

"It will be okay." He repeated it a few times.

They spent the rest of the early early morning trying to think of a plan. Noah knew wolves could get impatient fast and it wouldn't be long until they were breaking through Matt's door.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Before they knew it, the sun was up and Matt hissed, baring his fangs, as unexpected sunlight poured through the window. He threw himself over the bed and into the corner to hide from the burning light. Noah quickly covered the window.

"I'll go make sure the rest of the house is shut up. Then we can have breakfast?" Noah asked. Matt nodded and stood from the corner. He watched Noah's tight ass leave his room and sighed. He could see the love in Noah's eyes and wanted nothing more to tell him that he loved him.

When he heard Noah call out to him he walked downstairs and poured himself a cup of blood before shoving it in the microwave. 

"Thats nasty." Noah wrinkled his nose.

"Tell me about it." Matt growled looking at the bag of blood. "Stupid cheap preserved shit." He growled. Noah laughed and Matt realized he was talking about blood in general. He smiled showing his pointed fangs and laughed with Noah. Soon they were going about their business in Matt's large, but little used, kitchen. Noah found some ham and eggs in the fridge and began making the two of them breakfast. Soon he was humming, and humming turned to whistling, which turned into singing. Matt was impressed by Noah's beautiful singing voice. But he didn't recognize the lyrics to the song.

" I remember." Noah sang. He repeated the line a few times, filling it with more sorrow and pain as it went. Soon Matt stopped what he was doing and just watched and listened to the smooth voice. When he finished Noah opened his eyes and realized Matt was listening and blushed.

"What song was that?" Matt asked. Noah blushed harder.

"It's uh, Night Surgeon. From Repo! The genetic opera." He said.

"Oh yeah, doesn't that one guy sing it? From Buffy The Vampire Slayer." 

"You watch Buffy?" Noah raised an eyebrow. This time it was Matt's turn to blush.

"I had a thing for Angel." Matt shrugged.

"Psh, who didn't?" Noah laughed and soon the two were laughing so hard tears fell from their eyes. Noah only calmed down once he smelled burning ham. He quickly flipped it and Matt went back to making toast while sipping blood. 

"So do all vampires drink bagged stuff?" Noah asked. 

"No, most of us still drink from humans, I just never felt right doing it." Matt shrugged. 

"Cuz my boy does have a heart. Even if its not beating." Noah smiled and put a hand on Matt's chest. "So will you just drink that stuff forever?" Noah asked.

"Well, when I find a mate. I would drink from them." Matt said. He turned back to buttering toast, trying not to make eye contact with Noah. 

"Oh..." Noah swallowed and tried to think of what it would be like to have Matt feed from him. He wondered if it would hurt.

Noah was glad they had a moment where the impending doom wasn't hovering over their heads. But soon his mind was clouded with worries and plans that would never work. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Matt and Noah didn't see each other for several more days. Noah was busy with his pack, planning the unwanted battle, and Matt could only sit and wait. Noah was furious when Bane had picked someone else to search the town for remaining vampires. He wasn't surprised when the scout came back reporting only one vampire. The pack grew excited, an easy one to pick off. 

When his pack would make a plan or strategy, Noah would commit it to memory and made notes at home to tell Matt how to prepare. Other then that the two had no idea. Matt refused to run, and Noah refused to tell his pack about their relationship.

The a week after the pack had decided on a war, Noah returned to Matt's house with detailed information about the attack. The two sat silently for a moment before Noah spoke.

"Matt you have to call your clan." He said. Matt looked at him like he was crazy.

"What? Are you insane? If I call them then our people we go at it and it will be awful." Matt said.

"But at least it wont be man-slaughter." Noah said. Tears fell from his eyes and he collapsed. Matt scooped him into his arms. 

"It will be fine, Noah. I will be fine." He said, while rubbing Noah's back.

"But what if its not. You're underestimating my pack. They wont hesitate when it comes to killing you." Noah yelled. He stood and paced the floor.

"And you're underestimating my clan. If I call them, they will all come down here. More than last time probably. They will sniff out every last one of you and destroy you. I cant let that happen." Matt yelled back. He didn't know how they got into a fight but they had.

"Better me then you!" Noah shouted.

"You really are insane if you think that." Matt said and hugged him. He didn't want to fight. But Noah pushed him away.

"Call you're clan god damn it." He shouted. Matt thought for a moment and realized Noah was right. If they had any chance of surviving the odds would have to be even. 

"But..." 

"Now." Noah growled. And there was no arguing with him.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Nira jumped down and hugged Matt. 

"We are going to give those mutts hell." An evil smile spread across her fast. The others arrived over the course of a few days. He missed spending his days with Noah. Kissing and touching gently. They teased each other constantly with the fleeting moments of loving touches. Noah would often sing. Usually a song from Repo! Or Dr. Horrible's sing a long blog. Matt loved his peculiar taste in music. He knew Noah was a fan of musicals and would often sit through them just for him. He loved when Noah would begin singing a long with the movie. Word for word.

Nira's typical daggers hung from her sides and she unsheathed one and played with the sharp blade. The rest of his clan was sitting in his large living room. Matt made sure to scrub every inch of the house before scrubbing it over with dirty clothes and sheets of his. It would have been obvious that a lycan had been in the house. Noah's scent was everywhere. Matt missed it but figured it was necessary. Noah had assured him, when they had last met, that he would think of something to stop the fight. 

"So how many of the flea ridden mutts are left?" Ebon asked. 

"All of the ones we didn't kill." Matt growled. He couldn't stand to be around his own people anymore. Every time they said something horrible about one of his loves species he felt like ripping them in half. Noah didn't know the exact date of the battle but he said no doubt it would be soon.

"Stupid animals will learn to run, next time." Ebon laughed.

"There wont be a next time." Nira grinned. The rest of his clan laughed and a few high fived each other. 

Matt swallowed. He wondered if he could track Noah's scent to his home. He had committed the scent to memory long ago and was sure he could. He decided he would wait until his friends and family were asleep before sneaking off to find Noah.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Noah paced the living room. He looked out through a window in the direction of Matt's house. He hoped he would be ok. The rest of his pack lounged around his house, eating food or sleeping. Some talked quietly others loudly. It was far to cold tonight, even for his kind, and his house was the closest to their usual meeting spot. Bane walked up and put a hand on his shoulder.

"You're worried about something." It wasn't a question.

"No, I'm fine." Noah lied.

"It has something to do with the vampires doesn't it." Bane said. Noah looked at him eyes wide. Did he know about Matt.

"The fight will be fine, Noah. Our pack is stronger then a single bloodsucker." Bane smiled. Noah cursed asking Matt to call his clan. Now his people were walking into something they weren't prepared for. Most of his pack left after the meeting. Some stayed and fell asleep. Some continued to talk quietly. But no one paid any attention to Noah as he slipped out.

'I just have to see Matt.' He thought to himself. 'Just for a moment.' He shifted and darted off quietly into the woods.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Matt shut the sliding glass door quietly and as he tiptoed and turned around to head off into the woods to trace Noah he ran smack into the large wolf. He let out a 'oof' and landed on his ass. Noah was definitely a solid creature. Noah stood and reached out a clawed hand. Matt accepted it and Noah pulled him up. He was surprised by the strength in the furred arms. 

{What are you doing?} Noah whispered in his mind. 

"Going out to find you." Matt looked up at the dark house. "Come on." He held his finger to his lips and pointed out the house. He tiptoed out towards the woods. Noah followed him on all fours, careful not to make a sound. When Matt felt they were a safe distance away, he stopped and turned to hug Noah. Noah felt a surge of joy. He was glad Matt wasn't disgusted by his wolf form. Matt smiled at him, showing his fangs, and Noah perked up his ears and wagged his tail a bit. Matt snickered and sat down on the ground. Noah shivered and it was easy to see his breath in the freezing air. Matt however seemed unaffected. Noah growled.

{damn you dead people.} He said. Matt chuckled and pet Noah like a dog on his head. Noah didn't mind the touch and leaned into it like a cat starving for attention.

"How goes things on your side?" Matt asked.

{Bad, they don't know about you're clan coming, and I cant tell them without seeming suspicious.} Noah whimpered. 

"It will work out." Matt said.

{We keep saying that but I don't see how.} Noah looked at the ground. He wrapped his tail around his paws to try and keep them warm. 

"It just will." Matt said and pushed Noah's shoulder. Noah used his paw to push him back, but harder. Matt shoved him playfully and Noah pounced on him. Pinning him to the ground. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Nira heard the sliding door close quietly. She rose from her spot on the couch and saw her brothers and sisters were sleeping quietly. She went around the house to the sliding glass door and saw Matt walking into the woods with a large wolf following him quietly. She gasped. 

'That mutt is going to attack him while he is alone!' She thought she quickly grabbed her daggers and slipped on the belt that held them. Before sneaking off to help Matt. She didn't know why he was sneaking out in the first place and didn't want to wake the others until she knew what he was doing. 

She followed them into the woods and stopped when she heard rustling. She hid behind a tree and watched. Matt was on the ground. The wolf had him pinned to the ground by his shoulders. Its paws with its long claws were on his shoulders. He growled and his ears laid back against his head. Nira grabbed her daggers and prepared to strike.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

"Watch out for the big bad wolf, Matty." Noah growled sarcastically and laid his ears against his head like an angry dog. Matt feigned fear. He saw Noah's ears twitch behind him a moment before Nira struck, daggers in hand. She lunged for Noah's eyes as he turned to watch her. He moved barely in time and she rolled to strike again. Noah stood on his back legs and roared in anger. Nira landed a solid blow against his bottom jaw. He fell and landed hard on his back. Nira went for his eyes again and Noah wrapped his tail around her wrist and held the dagger back. Nira used both hands to try and push the dagger down but his tail was far stronger then her small arms.

Matt was stunned by the sudden attack. He saw the muscle in Noah's tail flex as he held back the dagger. He used his back leg to kick Nira in the chest, sending her backwards. He rolled so he was back on all fours and growled low. A look came across his face and he covered his teeth before silencing the growl. He began backing up slowly. Nira picked up a dropped dagger and lunged again. Matt realized Noah was trying not to fight, only defending himself. Matt couldn't do anything or he would give their relationship away.

Nira's attacks were fast and unrelenting. Soon Noah couldn't defend himself any longer and instead dodged an attack by swinging under her arm, continuing to spin and swing his tail around. Nira jumped over it, and the tree she had been standing next to split where Noah's tail had struck. He growled again but Matt recognized it as an annoyed growl. He didn't want to fight but had no choice. He stole a glance at Matt but Matt didn't know what to do. Nira took the moment to drive a dagger into his left back leg. Noah howled in agony. Smoke rose from the wound and Matt remembered it was a silver dagger. 

Noah stumbled backwards and pulled the knife out. He hissed and growled before turning and running as best he could into the woods. Nira grinned at the retreating figure.

"I'll go chase it down." She said and picked up her daggers, one covered in the blood of his lover.

"Wait." Matt said. She stopped and looked at him. He had to think fast.

"Let him go. Maybe he will scare off some of his pack, make them see that we aren't playing around." Matt said. She grinned and sheathed her daggers.

"You were always the smart one, brother." She gave him a hand up and he looked in the direction that Noah left.

"Don't worry, he isn't coming back." Nira said.

'That's what I'm afraid of.' He thought to himself.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Noah hobbled as fast as he could until he was sure the vampire hadn't followed him. He examined the wound on his leg before deciding that he would be alright. He briefly wondered if Matt had set him up.

'No, Matt would never do that. He loves me.' He reminded himself. He was proved right when Matt walked through a dense patch of trees and ran over to him.

"Are you alright?" He asked and put a hand on Noah's leg. Noah nodded.

{How did she find us? And how did you get back out there?} Noah asked.

"I told her I was fine and I had to go finish what I came out here for." Matt shrugged.

{And she just let you go? What did you tell her you had to do?} Noah cocked his head to the side.

"I... uh I told her that I had to go jack off." Matt blushed. Noah laughed bitterly. His leg hurt to bad to get the giggles now.

{That vampire, she had daggers.} Noah said.

"Yeah she was playing pin the dagger on the werewolf. I'm glad you noticed." Matt laughed. Noah glared at him.

"Lycan, sorry sorry." He held his hands up in the air.

{My brother was killed by a vampire with daggers.} Noah said bitterly. There was an awkward silence.

"She's my sister." Matt said. Noah looked at him surprised. "Thank you for not hurting her." Matt said.

{She's just lucky my tail missed. It usually doesn't.} Noah stood {I should get back to my pack, they know how to treat silver wounds and this gives me the perfect excuse to tell them about the rest of you're clan.} Noah said. He stood and walked with only three legs, keeping the other one off the ground.

"okay, I don't think I can get away again. I don't know when we could see each other next." Matt said, he looked incredibly sad and worried.

{don't worry, we will be fine.} Noah repeated Matt's own words from earlier.
