 Never fear the sex part is coming! Bare with me!.

CHAPTER FOUR.

Raul stalked back towards the bar as furious and jealous as a 'wolf could get. It really wasn't fair that such a bitch had access to and got Koen's affection and attention. Raul wanted Koen's attention and affection for himself and he was rapidly loosing patience. He decided that Koen needed some help and a hard nudge or two towards him if he was going to get what he wanted. HIs 'wolf snarled along with him, ready to offer his support and encouragement. 

His cell phone ringing to the tune of Enter Sandman in his pocket brought his attention back to Earth and he answered it.

"That you Raul?" The familiar gruff voice demanded.

Raul felt a smile crossing his face, good his plan was going to go ahead. "Hi Drake, how are you buddy?"

"Same as always. Look, i did what you asked. The little pisspot and his gang are coming there tonight to listen to Snake Venom, the band playing there after The Red Kings." Drake filled him in. Drake was a fellow 'wolf, but unlike most 'wolves he was a loner, but he had connections and seemed to know everything. He was a perfect source of both information and gossip, Raul had saved his life when a rogue pack had nearly killed him so they were friends of sorts. 

Raul grinned nastily. "Good to hear. I dunno how you manage to find out this stuff but I owe you one this time."

Raul heard Drake snarl through the phone. "You don't owe me anything Raul, you saved my arse it's the least I can do and this little bastard needs it big time. Give him a few hard punches for me too huh?"

Raul grinned. "No problem Drake, I'll do my best."

"Good man, I'll catch ya." Drake hung up without a further by your leave leaving Raul to close his cell phone a satisfied, devious smile on his face.

He couldn't have planned it better if he'd tried. The little bastard they were referring to went by the name of Dylan, was a lesser who liked to think he was an alpha. He was the youngest brother of the alpha to one of Irish packs. Dylan considered himself God's gift to the werewolf world and knowing his powerful eldest brother would protect and eat anybody who dared to harm him was reckless and nasty. He'd set up a gang of rogue wolves in London, the same group who'd beaten up and nearly killed Drake. 

"Oi! Johnson! Get your lazy arse back behind that bar, we have customers to serve boy!" Raul's manager Ron barking at him brought him back to planet Earth as he nodded curtly and got himself back to where he was supposed to be. 

The Snake Venom had finished setting up and the tall, skinny lead singer, looking like a punk rocker with his blue and green spiked mohawk, ripped clothing and silver jewellery took the stage and began introducing themselves and their line up. Raul noticed that Koen and his crew had taken over their usual table and were all nursing drinks, talking and laughing together. Coming through the door Raul caught the short, stocky, copper haired figure coming through the door ahead of his three taller, thuggish skinheaded cronies. Raul grinned for once pleased to see the little midget as he watched Dylan come over and order drinks, Jack Ds and Coke from Megan. His grin widened as he saw the disgusted, unimpressed look on Megan's pretty face as Dylan began clumsily hitting on her, his thuggish friends leering at her openly.

Half way through the band's performance Raul's moment came as he saw Dylan disappearing with vacant looking, giggly brunette out through a side door, clearly going to have some drugs or sex. Raul thought with a sneer that it was likely drugs first as Dylan could never get 'wolf girls to fuck him, let alone many human ones without drugs or alcohol to help him out either. He begged his manager to let him go outside for a moment or two as he'd got a bad headache and felt sick. Ron gave him a dirty, suspicious look but the man let him go with a curt nod of agreement. 

Heading outside Raul realised he'd been right as he exited through the staff entrance and saw the Dylan had taken his girl around to the back and were already passing a joint back and forth. Raul felt his lips curl up again in disgust, no real 'wolf would ever be take drugs. The slow sneer crossing Dylan's face told Raul that the little shit had seen him and was reacting, puffing his stocky chest out, relying on his older brother's reputation to keep him out of too much shit. 

"Sorry for this." Raul said pausing a moment to nod towards the girl courteously.

"Dylan, how nice to see your ugly face." Raul greeted him with a sneer of his own.

"Well if it isn't it the little foreign 'wolfie here again." Dylan shot back with a smirk, his Irish accent sounding ugly on him. He was making fun of Raul's being Native American and his American accent he still had despite being in England for the past three years. 

Raul made a disapproving sound with his tongue. "I see cheap insults are the best you can do Dylan, that's alright I wouldn't expect much out of you anyway."

Dylan snarled at him, ignoring the worried, scared look on the brunette's face. "What would you know about cheap bitch boy."

Raul shot him a flippant look, not minding that the 'wolf world knew he was gay and a bottom. "At least I get laid on a regular basis." He taunted.

Dylan snarled at him again, shaking off the calming hand the girl had put on his arm in an effort to stop him reacting as he charged at Raul. Raul was delighted, he didn't think it would be that easy. He'd heard that Dylan's temper was on a short leash but he hadn't realised it was this short as he braced himself for Dylan's wild charge allowing him to take him to the ground. At the last second Raul made use of his faster speed and strength to wrap his arms tightly around the smaller, runt 'wolf and flip them both so when they hit the ground hard it both knocked the wind out of Dylan and put Raul in the dominant position straddling his chest. Raul didn't waste those few seconds while Dylan lay stunned and began driving is fists into him hard. Still shocked that another 'wolf, and a lesser was attacking to fight back at first Dylan flinched and winced as Raul's fists hit him with deadly accuracy and speed. Overcoming his shock Dylan began landing punches of his own but they lacked the power and speed of Raul's. 

Getting desperate Dylan began thrashing around underneath Raul's grip and weight until he managed to loosen his knee driving it hard into Raul's crutch. With a snarl of pain Raul loosened his grip enough for Dylan to scoot out from underneath him and having long forgotten the girl in his anger slipped his skin. A small, sturdy light red wolf snarled and paced in front of Raul in Dylan's place the wolf charged towards him giving little time for Raul to roll out of the way and avoid Dylan's sharp teeth. As it was he didn't quite move fast enough and felt Dylan's sharp claws rake across his side, his sharp teeth sinking into his shoulder as he snarled again, his own 'wolf as furious as he was. Shaking himself free of Dylan's grip Raul rolled away grunting as he felt the sharp wolf teeth tear through his shoulder on their way out. His wolf snarled again and seized control of their body, shifting his skin so a huge black wolf stood in his place. Raul snarled at Dylan side stepping Dylan's next charge at him, his teeth showing in a wolfish grin as Dylan's momentum carried him straight into the pub wall. Dylan gave himself a hard shake and threw himself back at Raul as the two wolves clashed rolling around on the ground, growling, both grappling for position and dominance. Raul managed to rake furrows into Dylan's side, with his larger size and strength he pinned the smaller, weaker wolf, flipping him over and going for his throat.

"What the hell?" A loud, very annoyed voice brought Raul back to reality as he tasted 'wolf blood from his hard grip on Dylan's throat, now aware of the pathetic whimpers coming out of the throat he was in the process of tearing out. Raul finally recognized the voice and figure of Raul standing there, legs spread, hands balled into fits in an aggressive stance. His expression was resigned and angry, his pale green eyes glowing with the presence of his 'wolf, probably roused from the power or testosterone in the air from their fight, and the sight of naked 'wolves. Behind him was a very shocked Mark something Raul couldn't deal with. Even in 'wolf form, with his teeth buried in Dylan's thick throat ruff Raul felt himself smiling, his plan was working perfectly.



KOEN

Koen had come out to the van to get Rudi's coat, Mark had come with him for company. He hadn't expected to see a fight between two 'wolves.

"What the hell?" His words were still ringing in the air as he took in the scene of a small, light red 'wolf fighting with a much larger, stronger looking black 'wolf. 

Koen had come out to the van to get Rudi's coat, Mark had come with him for company. From the smell of him and the golden eyes the black wolf was Raul and the smaller, red wolf looked suspiciously similar to a little guy called Dylan. Why the fuck would Raul be fighting Dylan though? He asked himself. Raul had clearly over powered and asserted his dominance over Dylan but had yet to release his throat. Raul had to stop him from ripping the throat out, he didn't want to see Raul's throat torn out by Jordan any time soon. 

"Raul let go!" He called as he started towards him. Koen saw the humanity in Raul begin to return to those golden eyes as the black wolf all but spat out the throat from his mouth, glaring down at Dylan who was still whimpering and groveling. The light red wolf had stayed on his back in supplication watching Raul warily as he backed off and sat on is rump watching Koen closely with what he thought was feral satisfaction. 

Realising there was a human girl present, currently frozen and staring in shock at what she'd just seen, Koen realized he had to deal with her first and walked towards her. Casually he took possession of her face and easily got past the natural barrier's on a human's mind to sift through and extract or blur her memories of what she'd seen. Now she'd only vaguely remember that she was drunk and had seen a fight between the two guys. He'd removed the bits that involved the two 'wolves. In the time he'd taken to do that both Raul and Dylan had returned to their human forms, both naked as they day they were born and Mark had recovered from his shock. Koen had known Mark was a strong person but his recovery from what he'd just witnessed was a testimony to it. Giving his friend a smile Koen went to deal with the two wolves and noticed that Dylan's three friends had come outside and were helping their leader out. He allowed his power and status as a dominant to escape his shields as he stalked forward.

"Alright what the hell happened here?" He demanded.

"He insulted me, so I attacked him." Dylan answered, raising his chin proudly as he glared across at Raul who was standing with his arms crossed, staring boldly forwards, not sorry in the least for what had happened. "Jordan is going to love hearing about this." He added with a sneer.

Koen sighed. "Raul you know what has to happen now?" Koen demanded again, meeting Raul's eyes firmly.

"Being that Dylan is a lesser who belongs to Jordan's pack and I am a lesser with no alpha I have to answer to his pack's justice." Raul responded in an almost bored tone, his expression still defiant. Koen thought rather inappropriately that he'd like to jump him right that second. Koen was naked, defiant and uncaring of both his nudity and his part in the fight, his dark, tangled hair hanging around him in disarray.

Koen sighed again, his wolf looking out through his eyes growled inside him. Knowing that he had no pack of his own and that there was an unclaimed lesser needing his protection Koen's 'wolf wanted to claim him. Koen realized that he would have to accept what his 'wolf wanted as he knew Jordan and he didn't trust the alpha to be fair where his little brother was concerned. 

"I Koen Rutherfod claim Raul Johnson." Koen heard himself reciting the ritual words allowing his power to flare as he walked over to Raul and grabbed the closest shoulder. His power reacting to Raul's power and the ritual words flowed from him into Raul until Koen withdrew and locked his shields down. In the place of his hand was a mark, a glyph , that linked to his energy and power, naming Koen as his alpha. The mark wasn't visible to human eyes but to 'wolf senses it was a clear sign of who Raul belonged to. 

"I Raul Johnson accept Koen Rutherfod's claim." Raul returned his part of the ritual reaching out to grab Koen's right bicep as he felt Koen's power flowing into him. When Raul released him he knew to 'wolf senses his glyph was sealed into Raul's aura and power. He knew there would be a mark, a glyph, that signified Raul's allegiance to Koen. 

"Wow that was all fascinating and as much as I'm enjoying staring at Raul's naked body we need to get them clothed and out of here." Mark's sensible suggestion sounded stark in the charged silence.

Koen smiled gratefully at his friend as he watched Mark go the van again and get out some spare clothes they all kept in it. When the two fighters were dressed Mark said he'd get Dylan and his friends home, so Koen took Raul inside so he could leave work. Koen told the manager Raul had been attacked and needed medical attention for his shoulder so Raul was allowed to leave and go home with the band. Koen took Raul back to their flat and got him settled on the coach and went to bed. Koen wondered as he lay there if he hadn't just made the biggest mistake in three years by doing what he'd just done. 

RAUL

Raul lay on Koen's couch giving Mark a smile when he heard his key turn in the door and walk quietly across the room towards his bedroom. Mark shot him a quick smile of his own as he crept past and shut the door. Raul smiled to himself, reaching out a hand to touch his shoulder to Koen's mark. To him the mark was still burning but he didn't mind it. He was under Koen's protection, he had a new alpha and the 'wolf inside him was making that contented vibrating growl that was their purr, he realized he was echoing the purr in his own contentment. His movements pulled at his sore shoulder but Raul didn't mind, what was a few more scars to a 'wolf? Nothing really and he was satisfied that now he was here he was in a better position to get what he and Koen wanted. He was now pretty sure Koen did want him and just needed a few nudges and pushes if necessary to accept what was between them. 

Another key turning in the lock had Raul stiffening in irritation as he realized from the smell that it was Rudi returning to their flat. Pretending to be asleep so he could ignore her he never the less heard her lock the door behind her and walk across the lounge towards the short hall way and Koen's bed. Raul realized that low, annoyed growl was coming from him as he ground his teeth together. Soon! He told himself, that will be me.