 Oral Friends Four – The Surprise

The week after the big fishing trip was moving slowly for me. I found myself missing the companionship that the three of us had shared at the cabin. To be honest I was also missing the sexual excitement I had enjoyed too. I suppose it was the ability to do anything I wanted, within reason, and have it accepted enthusiastically that I really missed. The cabin was almost a fantasyland in itself and real life didn't quite compare.

Thursday night I was just sitting down to watch the news, dinner having just been eaten, when my cell phone rang.

"Hello?"

"Hi, Phil!"

"Rich, it's good to hear from you! You haven't been by lately, what's up?"

"I've been really busy at work, some late nights that finally ended today. I'm glad things have settled down. Hey, can you talk or is Marilyn around?"

"No, she's in the kitchen, I can talk."

"Rod called tonight, I just got off with him. He wanted me to tell you again how much he enjoyed the weekend."

"I did too, tell him I said so." I paused before I asked the question that I'd been wondering about all week. "Hey, how did his wife react to his 'new look'?"

"That's mainly what he called about. He said that he got home before Diane, as he expected. He stripped off his clothes and threw everything in to wash before he hit the shower. He shaved himself again so he'd be smooth and to support his story."

"His story?" I interrupted.

"Yeah, I'm getting to that. Anyway, Diane and the kids got home about an hour later. He said that after a weekend with the boys she looked really good to him. He suggested that they put the kids down and hit their bed early. She agreed and after giving the kids their baths she put them to bed and joined him in their room.

"She told him she wanted to wash up then she picked up her sexiest nightie and closed the bathroom door. Rod stripped naked, pulled the sheets down and waited. Diane came out a few minutes later and she looked good, according to Rod. As she approached the bed she finally noticed that his pubic hair was gone.

"She asked him why he had done it after all these years of her asking and he told her that he had seen us when we were on the boat and he'd asked why we shaved our balls. Diane interrupted him saying that she didn't know her brother shaved his balls. He told her that we had extolled the virtues of shaven balls and he'd decided to surprise her. As he was shaving himself he said he got the idea to remove it all, hoping she'd like it but it was no big deal as it would grow back if she didn't."

"What did she say, did she like it?" I asked.

"According to Rod she loved it. She'd been after him to trim himself for years so this was a dream come true for her. She made him promise that he'd keep himself shaved like that from now on. The sonofabitch actually had the gall to fake thinking about it before he agreed! He said she attacked his cock like she hadn't in years. He said it had to be one of the best blowjobs she'd ever given him. Then she got him hard again and rode him through two orgasms for herself. He said she yelled so loud she woke the kids!" Rich laughed heartily at that.

I laughed with him, thinking about what he'd said. "He didn't say if it was a better blowjob than mine, did he?" I asked curiously.

"I didn't want to ask if my friend gave better blowjobs than my sister, if you know what I mean. What he did tell me was really too much information, but it was hot hearing about it anyway. I don't know how I'm going to look my sister in the eye and not be embarrassed!"

"I guess that could make you uncomfortable. Don't worry about it," I said, "Rod was just excited and he had to tell someone. I'm glad the shaving thing worked out though. I was a little worried what she might think. It looks like everything worked out for the best."

"Yeah, well, that's all I had to talk about. I'll let you go, now. Bye, Phil."

"Bye, Rich." I ended that call and sat back in my chair, once again thinking about our activities of the weekend.

*****

Marilyn and I had just finished the dinner dishes and were discussing what we were going to watch on TV. We were interrupted by the doorbell. I opened it and there was Rich and the look on his face told me this was a 'social' visit. He stepped in as I closed the door.

"I stopped by for a quickie," he said quietly. "I told Joan I needed to borrow your drill but I can't be gone long."

"Come on then, let's go to the garage and get it." We made our way through the house to the back door. Rich said hi to Marilyn on our way through the kitchen. Once we were out the door we sped up, almost running to the garage. God, we looked like a couple of fools. I opened the side door, headed to the work bench and turned on the light while Rich closed and locked the door.

He turned around and saw me standing there. "Why the hell are you still dressed? I told you I was in a hurry! Drop you pants so I can suck you off!"

As I was undoing my belt and stripping off my pants and underwear Rich continued to talk. "I don't know what's come over me this week. I've done nothing but think about what happened this weekend and I've had a craving for your cock and cum that won't go away." He shook his head before he dropped to his knees. He grasped my cock and slid it into his mouth, moaning in ecstasy as it sank between his lips.

"I know what you mean. It's been the same for me. I've thought about nothing else all week. I wanted cum so bad I had to jerk off at work and eat it since you weren't around."

He pulled back and said "Sorry," before he went back to sucking, his head moving as fast as he could. This time he also stroked my shaft with his right hand while he massaged my nuts with his left. He really wanted me to get off quick so I tried to help by thinking about this past weekend and getting fucked in the throat.

Between my thoughts and Rich's actions my balls were boiling much sooner than usual. "Here it comes Rich! Uh! Uh! Uh!" I yelled as shot after shot filled my best friend's mouth.

He kept moving his head and sucking for a bit more to make sure he got it all before he pulled away. He stood up before he swallowed and I saw his throat working. He opened his mouth, licked his lips and sighed. "Ah, that was good! God I needed that." He saw the drill sitting on my workbench, picked it up and headed for the door.

I stood there in shock. He was leaving? "Hey, what about my turn?"

He stopped at the door. "Tomorrow, I'll call you. I'm gonna be late if I don't leave right now. Bye!"

Well, here I was, half naked in my garage with a freshly sucked cock and no one to blow. I guess I'd have to wait until tomorrow. Boy when I suggested we could have quickies I didn't think they would be this rushed! On second thought though it was a hot situation. I mean think about it; my friend wanted my cock so bad he rushed over, sucked me off and rushed home just so he could get some of my come with no thought of reciprocation. I knew I'd have to do the same with Rich some time soon to see how it was from the other side.

I pulled up my pants and made my way back to the house. I walked in the kitchen and Marilyn looked at me funny.

"What?" I asked.

"Where's Rich, wasn't he with you?"

"He was in a hurry. He got the drill and left by the side yard. I think Joan had a hot project for him. He told me he'd call me tomorrow and we'd get together."

"Oh, good, I was hoping you'd have something to do tomorrow as Joan and I are going shopping."

We finished our evening early and went to bed where I honed my oral talents on my wife.

*****

I'd got all my chores for the weekend done early and was relaxing on the patio when my wife came out, kissed me goodbye and left for shopping. Since she was going with Joan I expected to hear from Rich soon. It wasn't until an hour and a half later that I got the call I'd been expecting.

"Hello?" I said.

"Phil, it's me. Could you come over now, I have a surprise for you." Rich said.

His voice sounded funny, like he was having trouble breathing. "Are you okay, Rich?" I asked.

"Oh yeah, I'm great, believe me. Come in the back door and take off all your clothes. I'm in the living room. Hurry up!"

"Be right there!" I said as I ended the call. Now this was interesting. Rich sounded odd, he said he had a surprise for me and he wanted me to come in the back door and strip naked when I got there. Well, whatever was up I'd find out soon. I closed and locked the door behind me and walked over to Rich's.

I found the back door unlocked, as I expected, so I entered and stripped as I'd been instructed. I made my way to the living room and as I got closer I heard what could only be a porn video playing on the TV.

I walked in and saw Rich sitting on the couch, naked, with his left hand holding his foreskin and his right slowly stroking himself.

"Well, this is a surprise," I said, catching his attention.

"This isn't the surprise, at least not all of it. Get over here between my legs and I'll tell you what your surprise is."

I picked up a couple of couch pillows, put them on the floor, and knelt down on them. I looked at Rich and waited.

"Okay, here's the deal. I know how much you love precum. I've been thinking of a way to say thanks for introducing me to this new part of our lives and to take advantage of your taste for precum. I've been sitting here stroking my cock for the last hour holding my foreskin closed. Right now it's full of precum for you. See, it's even bulging slightly."

I looked closely at his cock. He was right, the foreskin was bulging away from the head and only his fingers pinching off the end was holding it in.

"Anyway, once you finish this you have another hour to make and suck as much precum as you can. I want you to really tease my cock. I want the worst case of blue balls you can give me. Then at the end of the hour I want you to get me off because by then I'll need it!" He laughed and looked at me expectantly.

"Wow, Rich, what can I say? This is the best surprise you could have given me!"

"You're welcome. After I come I have one more surprise for you but I'll tell you about that later. Give me your hand. I want you to take over pinching off my foreskin so you can release my stuff when you're ready."

He grabbed my hand and we carefully replaced his fingers with mine. Now I could tell the pressure that had built up since I was holding him. I swear I felt another spurt fill the skin when he pulled his hands away. Rich had to be in some discomfort after producing all this precum and he still wanted me to tease him for another hour! Boy what a great friend!

I had to figure out how to do this without losing any of what he'd already made. I settled on bending his cock almost horizontal and put the head into my open mouth. I released my fingers and the sweetest burst of precum I'd ever had hit my tongue! I closed my mouth tight and swirled it around, savoring the taste. I'd never had that much at one time before and I wanted to get the full experience.

I swallowed and then stuck my tongue into the foreskin, cleaning it of the remnants that hadn't spilled out. It felt good with my tongue stuck in the foreskin washing it and his cock head of all the built up fluids.

I pulled back and sighed. I smiled at Rich and I could see he was pleased. "That was the best, Rich! I've never had so much at once before! It tasted so good, really sweet, you know? How can I thank you for doing this?"

"You can thank me by getting another load and showing me how much you enjoy it. I almost came just watching your face! You looked like you were in ecstasy!"

"I was, I am. Okay, here we go!"

I pinched off his foreskin again and started the slow, methodical torture of my best friend's cock.

We watched the porn movie, making comments where appropriate. I had to back off a few times as Rich was getting too close to coming and I didn't want that. I could feel the little pulses his cock made as he produced another load of precum for me. I had to massage his nuts a couple of times too as they were starting to get painful by the end of the second hour.

It came time to get my second load of the day and I wasn't sure but I thought it might be even bigger than the first. I again got in position with Rich's cock pulled down and my mouth open wide under it. I released my fingers and closed my mouth so as not to lose any.

The feeling of a big blob of precum splattering your tongue like that is indescribable. I swirled it around and then swallowed. Again I cleaned the inside of his foreskin, making sure to get it all. Once I was sure I hadn't missed any I pulled off.

"Phil, buddy, you gotta get me off! I'm dyin' here!"

I took pity on my best friend, again thinking about how he must feel about me to put himself through this much pain. I immediately started bobbing my head, taking as much as I could while I massaged his nuts gently, hoping to ease his pain a bit. I knew he wouldn't last long and he didn't. It couldn't have been longer than a minute before he started moaning and groaning.

"Oh God, Phil, my nuts feel like they are going to explode! Geez, that hurts! Ah, fuck, I'm CUMMING!"

Spurt after spurt hit the back of my throat and quickly filled my mouth. Denying himself orgasm for so long caused this load to be bigger and more forceful than any I'd got from him before. I actually had to pull back so only the head remained in my mouth. He finally stopped shooting and I held him in my mouth for a bit longer before I slipped it out.

As I had done with him before I leaned my head back and opened my mouth. I wanted him to see this massive load he had given me before it joined his precum in my belly.

I had to swallow three times before I got it all then I smacked my lips. "Boy that was good. You gypped me last night you know, but I forgive you," I said smiling.

"You should! I about busted a nut today. The least you could do is forgive me for not letting you blow me last night!" he chuckled.

I stood up and sat on the couch next to him. He looked at my cock and noticed it was fully erect and leaking precum. "Well, are you going to let that go to waste?" he asked.

"I didn't know if you wanted it."

"No, it's all yours, it's your day."

I scooped up the precum that had slid down my shaft and onto my balls. There was even some on the pillow which I licked off, but I thought it would still leave a stain.

I sat there quietly while Rich caught his breath. He'd really put himself out for me today and I appreciated it. I got to thinking about something he'd said before we'd got started.

"Hey you mentioned another surprise, what is it? I don't think you can top what you've already done."

"A little anxious aren't we?" he chuckled. "I don't know if my next surprise will top what we did earlier but I want to do this too."

"Okay, I'll do whatever you want."

"I've been working on this for a while now and I think I've got it knocked. I want you to fuck my face and come down my throat."

"Oh yeah! I'll do that for sure. I've been hoping you'd learn how to do that. When can we get started?'

He stood up and looked at me. "How about right now?"

I stood up and followed him toward the bedrooms. He passed his daughter's room and entered the master bedroom.

"Your room?" I said curiously.

"The bed is higher. You won't have to squat down like I did. It should make it easier for you to really pound me!" he said excitedly.

Rich lay down on the bed on his back with his head hanging just off the edge. He wiggled around a little to get comfortable. "Okay, Phil, step over here. I want you to fuck my throat good, like I did to you. I want you to come down my throat too. Don't pull out until you are completely done, okay?"

"Are you sure you can handle that? You might need some air."

"I think I can handle it, but just in case be ready for me to push you back in case it gets too intense. Oh, by the way, make sure to let me know whey you're gonna cum so I can be ready."

"No problem, Rich," I said and moved closer sliding my cock in his mouth. I got it all the way in, but not down his throat, and stopped. "Okay, here we go!"

No matter what he said I didn't want to start out pounding him right away. I started off with some slow strokes, going deeper each time, so he could get used to the feeling. The first time my cock slipped completely into his throat he moaned and gave me a thumbs-up gesture with his hand. I took that as a sign that I could speed things up. I started to move faster, making sure I went as deep as possible before pulling almost all the way out.

Rich was holding my hips but just to guide me, not to control my movements. He tightened his hands on my hips and pulled me in faster. I guess I wasn't going fast enough yet so I really let it fly. Soon I was slapping his eyes and nose with my balls as my pubic bone bounced off his chin. I looked down and I could see his throat bulge each time my cock entered. He was right; it *was* hot to see your cock outlined in someone's throat.

I ran my fingers over my cock as Rich had done to me. It felt really good, almost like I was massaging my cock through my pants but a pair of pants never sucked like this. I kept up the pace of my fucking for several minutes until the sweat started to roll down my back. I slowed down slightly, pausing with my cock fully embedded before withdrawing. I wanted him to get used to having my cock in there for longer periods before I shot my load. Speaking of which, Rich had started fondling my balls with a bit more urgency and I knew it wouldn't be too long now.

I changed my pace again, giving him three hard strokes and then three slower ones that lingered in his throat. He seemed to like the change as he was moaning almost constantly now. I started to feel the familiar tingle in my balls and the urge to come became urgent.

"Get ready, Rich, a little more... a little more... OH GOD... I'm cumming!" I yelled and stuffed my cock as deep in his mouth as I could get it.

It felt as though the head of my cock was being squeezed by a tight tube as I shot squirt after squirt into my friend. "Almost done... oh your throat feels so fucking good! Aw... fuck!" I said as I withdrew my cock and collapsed on the rug.

Rich sat up slowly and turned over so he could look at me. He was smiling and shaking his head. "God I can't believe I did it. I wasn't sure I could go through with it but when your cock slipped into my throat that first time it felt weird but good, you know. Then once I got comfortable with it I just wanted it more. I really liked it this way but we'll have to work out other ways too for when a bed isn't available."

"Whew," I said, "that was hot, Rich. You've got a great mouth, buddy and I'm glad you let me fuck you like that. It was really wild slamming my cock in your mouth like that. I hope I didn't hurt you?"

"No, not at all. It felt really good, especially when you did that move where you stayed in my throat for a beat before pulling back. I don't know why, but I really liked that."

I made a mental note to do that more in the future. I stood up and sat on the bed. "You up for another round?" I asked.

"I don't know, my nuts are still a little sore. Would you mind if I passed on it this time?"

"No, not at all, Rich. I still can't believe you did that for me. I'll always remember today," I said seriously.

"Hey, you've given me so many great first experiences and you were so good with Rod last weekend it was the least I could do. Just don't expect it too often, maybe once or twice a year."

"Oh man, once or twice a year would be great! You're sure about that, twice a year?"

"Yeah, you looked so happy today that I can put up with a little discomfort for a true friend."

It got quiet then, neither of us knowing what to say. Rich climbed off the bed and I stood up too. He started to straighten out the covers and lent him a hand. We headed out to the kitchen for a beer and then back to the living room where he put on the ball game.
