 Oral Friends Seven—A New Friend

This is the seventh story in my Oral Friends series. This story, like all my others, is pure fantasy. It comes from my perverted little brain almost too easily. I hope you enjoy it.

**********

Life had been very hectic around my house for a while. My father-in-law had been ill so my wife and I were taking turns helping out, bringing him to the doctor, for tests and the like. I love my in-laws, I know that sounds odd, so it was no hardship but it did cut into my meetings with Rich. I hadn't been able to see him in over three weeks and I was going through withdrawals! I hadn't had a shot of cum in so long I almost forgot how it tasted!

One night I had just got home from work and I had plans to head right out again as I was due to meet Marilyn, my wife, at her mother's for dinner. I was just changing my clothes when the doorbell rang. I ran downstairs with no shirt and my pants half hanging off. I pulled my pants closed and opened the door. Standing there was Rich, and he looked like a sight for sore eyes. He had a small bag with him.

"God Rich, I'm sorry but I don't have much time. I've got to go to the in-laws in a few minutes. Why don't you come up to the bedroom with me and we can talk while I finish dressing."

Rich followed me up then he sat on the bed. "What's in the bag?" I said curiously.

"I'll tell you in a minute. You look stressed, my friend, take out your cock and let me give you some stress relief!"

I looked at him, conflicted. I did want a blowjob in the worst way but I was already running late. The look on his face, one of sheer hunger, convinced me. "Hurry up and get me off, I'm gonna be late!"

I walked over to the bed and hauled my cock out through my zipper. Rich liked me this way so I knew he'd be happy. He slurped my not quite hard cock into his mouth, bringing it to full erection in no time.

Rich took me at my word and started sucking like a mad man at the same time fondling my balls as best he could. He sucked me harder than he had in a while, at least I thought so, and licked the underside of my cock as he moved his mouth on the down stroke. I hadn't had much chance for sex with my wife so I was primed for a big come and I let loose in record time. Rich was almost overwhelmed with the sheer volume of cum but, being the trooper he is, he didn't lose a drop. He squeezed my cock to get the last few drops and then licked them off the head. He smacked his lips like he'd just eaten a juicy steak and he tucked my softening cock away.

"God I needed that, Rich. Thanks so much! I'm really sorry, Buddy, but I don't have time to get you off. I really miss the taste of your cum."

"I figured you did so I brought you a present!" He reached into the bag and pulled out a sweat sock with something wrapped up in it. He unwrapped the sock and pulled out a small container with what looked like cum in it!

"I jerked off into this container for you then I wrapped it up and kept it warm. It's not as good as fresh from the tap but it's the next best thing!" Rich said with a smile as he opened the little container.

I took it from him and it felt warm in my hand. I sniffed it, savoring the smell before I tipped the container up and to my mouth. The warm, sweet, thick cum slid out of the container and into my mouth. Rich was right, it wasn't as good as fresh but to a cum starved man like me it was ambrosia. I tipped my head way back and slapped the bottom of the container, trying to get it all. I finally had to run my finger around the bottom to get the last of it.

"Oh man, Rich, that was really good. You are so thoughtful! I've missed your cum so much. It shouldn't be too much longer before we can get back to our usual meetings," I said as I handed him back the container.

"No problem, Phil. I understand. Tell your in-laws that we're thinking about them," he said as he got up and left.

I finished dressing, ran downstairs, picking up a peppermint candy to cover the cum on my breath on the way out and I was on the road, only 15 minutes late, but with very reduced stress levels!

**********

About a month later my family health situation resolved itself happily. My father-in-law recovered and my home life returned pretty much to normal.

Rich had wanted to have a poker night for quite some time so now that things were settled he set it up for his place the next weekend. He took care of all the arrangements, inviting the players, getting the food and drinks, and even getting our wives out of his house. Joan was going to be spending the night at our place, they were going to have a 'hen night' themselves with some of their friends, then we would take them out for breakfast the next morning to thank them for being such good sports.

I arrived about an hour early to help Rich set up. We put out the table, six chairs, poker chips and bowls for snacks. We made sure the refrigerator was well stocked as well. We finished with a half hour to spare.

"So who is Rod bringing? Do I know him?" I asked.

"I don't think so. He's a good friend of Rod's, a guy he works with, by the name of Joe. He's a few years older than Rod, married with two kids. According to Rod he should fit into our group quite nicely." Rich said with a grin.

"By 'our group' you do mean our poker group, right?"

"Yes, but I also mean our group of friends with benefits," he said carefully.

"Oh, we have a new member, do we?" I said sounding a little upset.

"Now relax, Phil. Let me tell you what Rod told me."

"Okay, tell me all about it," I said sitting on the couch.

"Rod attended a bachelor party for a guy he works with a month or so ago. Along with the usual stripper they had some porno movies running after the girls left. One of the videos had some previews for other videos from the same company. One of them featured a movie for the bisexual crowd. By then the drinking had been going on for a few hours so everybody was pretty lubricated. Rod was sitting next to Joe who was watching the video intently. He heard him mumble something that sounded like "Gee I wish I could be one of those guys" or something like that. Despite his impaired state Rod saw an opportunity and jumped on it. He leaned close to Joe and said "I know just what you mean, that is so hot."

"Joe turned to look at Rod, an embarrassed look on his face since he hadn't meant to be overheard. Rod smiled and said he was cool with what Joe had said and he asked him to move to a quieter part of the room so they could talk. Rod told Joe that a lot of guys, married guys as well, had an interest in other guys but were afraid to say anything. He told Joe that he would never have had the courage to talk like this if he hadn't overheard Joe's comment but he was glad they were talking now. Since they couldn't have the kind of discussion they needed to have at the party they made plans to meet the next afternoon at Rod's.

The next day Rod was concerned that, in the light of day and without benefit of alcohol, Joe might chicken out. He was very pleased when Joe arrived right on time. They went for a walk and had a long talk. Rod told him of his desire to have oral sex with another guy and how he had only recently formed a relationship with his brother-in-law, me but that he wished he could find someone who lived closer.

Joe told Rod that he'd had the desire to suck a cock for quite a while but being married, very happily, he hadn't pursued his desires. He said that even though he was embarrassed the previous night that he'd been overheard he couldn't regret it. He hoped that Rod wanted to get together to see if they 'clicked'. Since they worked together they were able to coordinate their schedules for the next day at Rod's house during lunch.

"Rod said that he and Joe hit it off really well and that they have been very happy with their relationship ever since. He called me and asked me if it would be okay to tell him about our group. I told him it was okay but we needed to talk to him before making a final decision. Phil, Rod has been singing this guy's praises to me every time we talk. He's clean, never cheated on his wife, he's discrete since he's married too and he loves to suck cock! We should give him a chance."

I wasn't pleased being kept in the dark about this whole thing until the night we were going to meet this guy but if Rod and Rich thought he'd be a good fit I would keep an open mind.

"All right, I'll give him a chance. Who knows if he fits in as good as you say having a fourth guy could be fun!"

The guys arrived a couple of minutes later. George and Mark from down the street were first followed by Rod and Joe five minutes later. I won't bore you with the details of the poker part of the evening, except to say that I was the big loser, about $20, and Mark was the big winner. The game broke up about midnight; George and Mark were walking home and Rod and Joe were staying over since we'd all had a few to drink and we didn't want them driving home.

The four of us moved to the living room to begin the conversation we'd been waiting to have all night.

"So Joe, tell us a little more about yourself," I said getting the ball rolling.

"As you know, I'm happily married, with two great kids and a lovely wife who I love with all my heart. In spite of that there has been something missing in my life for the longest time. I've had the desire to suck another guy's cock but I couldn't think of a way to do it without potentially damaging my life and marriage. I had resigned myself to never fulfilling my fantasy until the bachelor party Rod and I attended. I made an off-hand comment about a porno that was playing and Rod overheard me. He expressed his interest in what I'd said and we met at his house the next day to talk. We decided that we had similar desires so we decided to meet at his place for lunch to see how we got along together.

"I'm very pleased to say that Rod and I got on just fine. I've been very happy ever since. We meet for lunch a couple of times a week and suck each other off. It was a week ago when he told me about his brother-in-law and his friend and how the three of you had gone fishing together and some of the fun you had. I told him I'd love to join the group if you'd have me, and here we are."

"Did Rod, explain our rules to you?" I asked.

"He said he'd rather have you tell me so there would be no confusion or misinterpretation."

"Okay then, first, we are all happily married and as such discretion is paramount. We want nothing to interfere with our home lives because of what we do together."

"I agree," Joe said.

"Good, second, we all have to be disease free. We all love to swallow cum but I won't bring home something because a guy gave me something. If you want to fool around outside the group you're gone."

"No problem, Phil, I understand completely."

"Third, we operate on the 'what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas' principle. Nothing that happens in the group is talked about outside the group without group permission. If we're going to explore our fantasies we need to trust each other and we can't do that if everyone knows our business."

Joe nodded his head in agreement.

"We have an agreement that any fantasy you'd like to try you can feel free to mention to the group and we will try to help you make it come true. If anyone doesn't want to participate all they have to say is no and there will be no questions asked and no hard feelings. So far nobody has been turned down but you never know. Now that you've heard all the rules what do you say?" I asked.

"I think it sounds great! This is what I'd been longing for but didn't know I did. I hope you'll accept me as a member of your group," he said seriously.

I looked at Rod, who nodded yes, then to Rich, who also nodded yes. "It looks like it's unanimous, Joe, welcome to the group!"

Joe smiled and jumped up to shake my hand then Rich's. He sat down again looking nervous. "Okay, now what happens?" he asked excitedly.

"Well the new guy usually shows off his talents at this point by giving the other members a blowjob," I said smiling. "So who do you want to start with?"

"I don't know, why don't you guys choose?" Joe said.

"Okay guys we'll flip for it, get out your quarters."

We each pulled a quarter, flipped it in the air, letting it hit the carpet. Rod and I had heads and Rich had tails.

"Well, it looks like I'm first!" Rich said slapping his hands together.

"Okay, Joe, now that is out of the way why don't you take your clothes off and show us your package," I said with a smile.

"Sure thing," Joe said. He leaned forward, taking off his shoes and socks, then he pulled his shirt over his head. He stood up and unbuckled his belt and undoing the zipper. He slid his pants and underwear to the floor, kicked them to the side, then he stood up so we could all see his cock.

Rod had seen Joe's cock before so he wasn't surprised but Rich and I were. Joe had a very thin cock, about two finger widths by my guess. He quickly stiffened into a full erection that looked to be about 7 to 7 ½ inches in length. It wasn't his cock that surprised us though, it was his ball sack. It hung down further than anyone I'd ever seen! I had to guess that it hung about three inches or more.

"Wow Joe, I love your balls!" Rich said. "How far do they hang?"

"They're up to four inches now!" he said proudly.

I didn't understand what he meant so I had to ask. "What do you mean they're up to four inches now?"

"Oh they weren't always this long. When I got married they hung down not quite three inches. My wife mentioned on our honeymoon that she loved my low hanging balls and how they made her hot just looking at them. I wanted to see if there was any way I might lengthen them to please her. I searched the internet and came across a number of sites on ball stretching."

"Ball stretching?" Rich asked.

"Yeah," Joe continued. "Basically by applying weights to the scrotum over an extended period of time the scrotum will stretch permanently. I told my wife about what I'd found and she went wild! She wanted to see the sites and see how this was done. We finally decided on this one site where the guy makes stretching rings in his garage shop. There are two types, ones that use a set screw type connection and his, which have a clasp that holds the ring together. I told her I wanted to stretch my balls and she agreed wholeheartedly. We took some measurements and ordered four sets of rings. They come in half inch sizes and are sold in pairs. I was able to put on the first six with no problem. The next one started the stretching process. It took about a year to get that next half inch and it has taken another year to get to four inches. I'm about ready to move to the next level, to go to four and a half inches."

"Oh wow," I said in awe. "I'd love to see you with your rings on sometime."

Joe smiled at me and I smiled back. "I'll be sure to bring them the next time we get together. I'd usually be wearing them on a Saturday night, except when I go out of course."

"So your wife is okay with this?" Rich asked.

"She's more than okay with it. She loves to help me put them on! When I get home from work she hurries me upstairs, pulls down my pants and puts the rings on for me. I wear loose gym shorts most of the time, except at work, so my balls have the room to hang, since the rings are weighted. I've had to watch how I sit around the kids so they don't see anything though," Joe chuckled.

"Do you wear them all the time, even when you go out?" Rod asked.

"Just about, as long as we're not going someplace special I wear them everywhere. I really have fun at the mall. Sometimes I'll pull the shorts up a bit so my balls hang to the bottom of the shorts. When I walk you can just glimpse my balls. It's a hoot seeing the reactions I get from people!"

"I bet, I don't know what I'd do if I saw a guy's balls hanging from his shorts like that," I said.

"Sometimes a guy will smile and give me a thumbs-up sign. I smile right back and wave. What I really love is when a guy follows me so he can see a bit more. When I notice that I'll head to the escalator and step on climbing up a few steps, putting on foot on the step above. This lets the guy see right up my shorts so he can see the rings. I stay this way until I get to the top then walk away. I've gotten some real kicks doing that."

"So I guess it's safe to say you're a bit of an exhibitionist?" I asked.

"Oh yes, I only wish I could show more, who knows, maybe some day," he said wistfully.

I looked to my left at Rich. I could see he was thinking the same thing as me. We'd have to help Joe expose himself, maybe even with Rich!

"Thanks for telling us about your desires, Joe. We'll have to work on making them come true some time," I said.

"Yeah, I'll have to tell you about *my* desires sometime, but for now why don't you come over here and suck my cock!" Rich said.

Joe walked over as Rich got undressed. When he was naked Rich sat down and spread his legs. Joe jumped right in like a starving man, sucking Rich into his mouth as far as he could go. Joe had pretty good technique; he used lots of tongue along with his hand movements. I watched as Rich got into it, leaning his head back on the couch, running his hands through Joe's hair. I heard Rich's breathing quicken and his nuts tighten. Seconds later Rich moaned as he shot into Joe's hot sucking mouth. Joe did well, he didn't lose a drop. He kept sucking and bobbing his head throughout Rich's orgasm, only stopping when Rich did. He slowly pulled back, swallowed noisily, then went back in for the last few drops.

"How was it Rich?" Joe asked anxiously.

"Great, Joe. I like the tongue action. You're gonna want to learn to deep throat though, Phil and I have, and it's great!"

"Yeah, Rod mentioned it to me but I've had problems with him being so thick!" Joe said.

"That's why you need to start slow, with Rich and me," I said. "You need to work up to a cock as thick as Rod's"

"Okay, who's next?" Joe asked.

I looked over to Rod but he deferred to me. I stood up and took of my clothes as well.

"It looks like I'm next, Joe," I said.

Joe scooted over in front of me and picked up my cock in his hand. "Phil, can you help me deep throat you? I'd like you to teach me," Joe said seriously.

"I sure will," I said proudly. "This position isn't the easiest so don't get discouraged if you can't do it right away. It takes practice to get past the gag reflex."

Joe lowered his mouth to my cock and licked the head. He liked my foreskin as he spent quite a while tonguing it. He even pulled it over my cock head and sucked it hard.

Joe started bobbing his head taking a good portion of my cock at one time, his lips hitting his hand. I sat back and let him work for a while, I wanted him to get comfortable.

"All right, Joe, why don't you move your hand farther down my shaft? I want you to increase the amount of cock you take in until I hit the back of your throat," I said.

Joe moved his hand down a little every few strokes until I finally felt my cock hit the back of his throat. "Very good, Joe, now stay at this depth so you get used to having a cock that far in your mouth."

He was doing pretty good and he seemed to be comfortable with things so far. It was time to move him to the next level.

"Okay, Joe, move your hand down a little more, try to let it enter your throat but don't try to keep it there. Just let it in and right back out."

Joe did as I directed and he gagged but kept going. He would gag every few strokes but, for the most part he was doing good for a beginner. I was starting to get that tingling feeling, "I'm gonna cum soon, Joe so you might want to pull back."

Joe pulled back immediately causing me to lose the feeling.

"Phil, I want to feel your cock in my throat at least once before you cum but I can't get past the gagging. Would you do it for me?"
