 Oral Friends Three -- The Fishing Trip

You may be familiar with my previous stories in this series; I hope you have enjoyed them. This is the third fantasy story featuring recurring characters. This story stands alone but is part of the series.

*****

My best friend, Rich, and I had been friends since childhood. Recently our friendship moved to another level when we shared our fantasies of sharing oral sex with another guy. We've found that our meetings have been exactly what we'd fantasized for years about but were made better because of the closeness of our friendship. We are now friends with benefits, so to speak, and I really enjoyed the new closeness performing oral sex on my friend brings. The best thing, for both of us, is that our meetings do not affect our marriages one bit. I don't love Rich; I love his cock and his cum. I don't want to leave my wife and become Rich's lover; I just enjoy our mutual oral sex sessions, as I know he does.

I was looking forward to seeing Rich today even though we wouldn't have a chance for any fun. We were having a cookout and Rich and his wife, Joan, were coming over. Our families get along great and we spend our weekends at one house or another most of the time. I was working on setting up the grill; I'd just lit the coals when I heard the door bell ring. I walked into the house just as Marilyn, my wife, let our neighbors in.

"Hi Rich, Joan, how are you?" I asked as I hugged my friend and his wife.

"Great as always, Phil, thanks for asking," Joan said.

"I like your dress Joan, it really flatters you," I said with a leer, and a chuckle. Rich and I are always flirting with each others wife in good natured fun.

Joan batted my shoulder and said, "Oh you, if I didn't like hearing your BS so much I'd think you were serious," she laughed. "Come on Marilyn, let's get this party going. Phil, why don't you take my husband out back and do some men stuff and get out of our hair."

"Yes, ma'am," I said, saluting. I took Rich by the shoulder and directed him to the patio.

"Can I get you anything to drink," I said as we passed through the kitchen.

"Nah, not right now thanks."

I walked over to the grill to check on the coals while Rich grabbed a seat at the table. The coals were already starting to turn gray at the edges so we'd be able to cook soon. I pulled up a chair across from Rich and sat down.

"Phil, would you be interested in going fishing this weekend?"

"I don't know, where would we be going?"

"You remember my brother-in-law, Ron, right?" When I nodded my head he continued. "Well, he has a cabin on a lake about an hour north. He invited me and I asked if he minded another guy coming along. I told him I'd like to ask you and he said sure. So what do you think?"

I wasn't all that keen on fishing even if Rich was going to be there. If it had been just the two of us I would have gone, if only for the extracurricular activities the cabin would have afforded.

"I don't think so, Rich. I'm not that big on fishing, but thanks for asking."

Rich looked disappointed but he seemed nervous about something so I knew it wasn't just about the fishing.

"There's more to this than you know, Phil. Let me tell you about it." Rich looked towards the patio doors to make sure the wives weren't going to be making an appearance. "I don't know if our getting together has changed the way I act or something but when we were at Rod's last week he asked me something that has never come up before."

Now I was really curious, what the hell was he talking about? "Okay, you've got my attention. What do you mean our getting together has changed you?"

"I've known Rod for 17 years now, ever since he started dating my sister. In all that time he's never once hinted at being interested in me as anything but his brother-in-law. Well this week, he asked me if I'd like to take a walk after dinner to work off our meal. I thought that sounded good so off we went. We were talking about baseball, family, politics, the same stuff you and I talk about, when he brought up the subject of fantasies."

I knew my face showed concern because Rich sought to reassure me. "No, he doesn't know about us, don't worry. He told me that he'd sensed a change in me recently that gave him the courage to tell me something he'd been keeping to himself for years. He told me of his fantasy of being with another guy, but he was not interested in a full blown relationship. He was looking for some innocent, okay, maybe not so innocent, fun, with no strings attached. He said that he'd like to experiment with me if I was interested."

"Okay, so how does this involve me, us, and this fishing trip?"

"Well I told him that I was already involved with someone and I didn't want to complicate things. I didn't tell him who, just that I was very happy with the way things were and wasn't looking to change. He seemed really bummed about that. He was really sorry and hoped that I might change my mind. He told me how he'd been keeping this inside for so long and now that it was out he didn't know what to do. I told him not to worry, I'd never tell anyone, and he could confide in me any time he needed to talk.

"We walked along some more, each of us silent, thinking about what he'd said. He asked if I'd like to go fishing and I could invite my friend if I wanted. I knew what friend he meant and I told him that if I invited you then he'd know who I was with and I couldn't do that. He must have really been desperate because he begged me to ask you if you wanted to go with us and he'd love to meet you. We walked along in silence again and I started to feel sorry for the guy. I know how we were before you had the courage to tell me what you wanted and I wanted to help him realize his fantasy as well. I promised him I'd ask you but didn't promise him anything else."

We sat quietly, looking at each other for a few seconds, then he continued. "Well, what do you think? Would you like to expand our circle of friends with benefits?"

I was intrigued, actually. I really enjoyed the times I'd spent with Rich so far and I didn't want to do anything to hurt that but I didn't think an occasional meeting with his brother-in-law involved would hurt what we had. In fact it sounded just kinky enough to be interesting. Besides, another cock to suck might be nice.

"I don't know, how do we know we can trust him? I know you'd never say anything and I know you're clean. I refuse to bring home anything to Marilyn and I'd die if anyone heard about what we do."

"I know just how you feel, Phil. I trust you with my life and I know you don't fool around on Marilyn. I asked him about his relationship with Diane, had he ever cheated on her. He assured me that he loved her more than anything in the world and had never and would never cheat on her. He also told me that he'd never tell another soul as he knew what fulfilling his fantasy could do to his family if anyone found out. He trusts me, and by extension, you." He paused and looked me in the eye. "I trust him, Phil."

I sat there pondering his words for a few seconds. I trusted Rich and if he trusted Rod then that was good enough for me. "Okay, sounds good. Why don't we go ask the girls about going next weekend?"

"Okay!" he said excitedly. "You won't regret this, Phil. Rod's a great guy and I think he'll fit in with our activities perfectly."

We told the wives about Rod's invitation for the following weekend and received an enthusiastic response. The girls were going to do a spa/shopping weekend since we were going to be having fun. I kissed my wife and told her not to hurt the plastic too bad. She slapped me on the ass, handed me a platter of meat and ordered me to get cooking.

*****

Our plans were to leave directly from work and meet at the cabin on Friday night, stay Saturday and then leave late Sunday afternoon. Rich told me that Rod was going to stock the cabin with food and drinks and that we could contribute to defray the costs.

All week I was on pins and needles wondering how I would get on with Rod. I didn't really know him well. We'd met at Rich's house a few times but we'd never talked very much. He seemed like a nice enough guy but we were talking about sucking each others cocks now and that made a difference. I realized that Rich was eager to include Rod so he couldn't be that bad a guy. I got my fishing gear together, my pole and tackle box, and packed for a long weekend.

The drive was easy, especially once I got out of the city, and the directions were excellent. I pulled up to the cabin about 45 minutes after I'd left my office. I was just getting out of the car when Rich came out of the cabin door followed by Rod.

"Phil, I'm glad you're here, we were just getting ready to put the steaks on." He stepped to the side after shaking my hand. "This is my brother-in-law, Rod. Rod, this is my friend, Phil."

I shook his hand; it was a nice firm handshake. "Phil, it's good to see you again. I'm very glad you decided to come up this weekend. I hope we get to know each other a lot better."

I laughed at the double entendre and said. "I'm sure we will, Rod! Now what was this I heard about steaks?"

Rod grabbed my suitcase from my hand and led us into the cabin. He set it down to the right of the door and continued into the living room. The cabin was very nicely done, spacious and well lit. I could see what looked like two bedrooms and a bath, all running off the main room with the kitchen tucked off to the side.

Rod had set things up in a picnic area behind the cabin and soon the steaks were cooking and the conversation flowing. The food was excellent and after dinner we settled in the living room getting to know each other.

Rich had been right, Rod was a nice guy. I found myself liking him more and more as the night progressed. Even though we were all having fun there was a palpable tension in the air. After all we all knew why we were there, and it wasn't only for the fishing.

I figured that I needed to break the ice since I was the 'outsider' in this little group. I cleared my throat, catching the attention of the other two men.

"Well, as much as I'm enjoying this getting to know each other session I think we need to talk about the main reason we're here. Rod, you know about Rich and I, but how much do you know? I hope Rich has told you that all we share is oral sex. I'm not interested in anal or anything else and as far as I know neither is Rich." I looked toward my friend and he was nodding his assent. "So if you agree with that restriction I want to welcome you to our friends with benefits group."

Rod smiled widely. I guess Rich had told him that the ultimate decision was up to me and my little speech made him very happy.

"Phil, I agree with you wholeheartedly. I've fantasized about sucking off another guy for years but I'm not into all that other stuff being with a guy sometimes leads to. To meet two other guys, one of whom is my brother-in-law is heaven for me. I'm so happy you want to include me in your activities."

The look on Rod's face told me he was sincere. You could tell that this guy had never thought he'd ever be able to realize his fantasy and now that it was here he was stunned. I really wanted to get down to business so I figured it was up to me to break the ice.

"Well, now that we're all agreed how do you want to start?" I asked, looking between them.

Rich seemed unsure but Rod spoke up right away. "I think that since I'm the host and the newest member of the group I'd like to start. I want to suck you both off, if you don't mind." He stood up, smacked his hands together and looked at each of us. "So, who's first?"

I looked over at Rich and indicated that he should go first. I thought that since Rod had initially selected him to come out to he should go first. Rod smiled, I think he really wanted to start with Rich too.

Rich stood up and looked at Rod. "Okay, where do you want to do this?"

"Why don't you sit on the couch and, Phil you can watch from wherever."

As Rich settled himself on the couch Rod pulled a few pillows from the couch and knelt down between his legs.

"I think I'd like you naked, is that all right?" Rod asked quietly.

"More than all right, would you like to do the honors?" Rich asked.

Rod's eyes lit up and he reached for Rich's shirt, sliding it up his chest and off over his head. I could see that Rod was as nervous as Rich and I were that first time as his hands were shaking as he undid the button on Rich's pants. Soon enough the button yielded and he moved to the zipper. You could hear the hiss of the zipper in the silence that had settled over the room. The only other sound was the rapid breathing of the three of us.

Rod moved down to take off Rich's shoes and socks, carefully setting them off to the side before moving back up to remove his pants. He grabbed them at the waist as Rich lifted his butt off the couch to allow for easier removal. The pants slid down his legs and off as Rod paused, looking at Rich sitting there in his underwear, his cock tenting the cloth and a wet spot forming on the front.

Rich was anxious to get things going so he chided Rod a bit. "Come on, Rod. I've got too many clothes on and you're wasting all that good precum. Get these shorts off me now," he chuckled.

Rod snapped out of his trance and grasped the cloth at the waistband and started tugging. Rich again lifted his butt and his underwear slid down his ass, hanging on his cock before coming slowly free. I could see Rod licking his lips as he pulled Rich's underwear off his legs, tossing them away over his shoulder. Rod's hand snaked out and shyly, nervously, he grasped his first cock. He seemed entranced by the foreskin as it retreated with his hand as he stroked down the shaft. I could see the precum glisten in the light, making the head shine all purple and angry looking.

Rod's head moved closer to Rich's shaft and his tongue snaked out, taking a tentative lick. He pulled back a bit and savored the taste of the precum then he dove back for more. Once he got that cock in his mouth he was like a calf on a teat. He sucked and licked as his head traveled up and down, taking 2/3 of Rich's cock in his mouth with every pass.

Rich looked at me and gave me the thumbs up gesture. I took that to mean that Rod was a natural and I found myself looking forward to my turn.

"Grab my nuts, Rod. Massage them for me, I love that." Rich hissed as he leaned his head back against the couch.

Rod's left hand moved from where it had rested on the couch to follow Rich's directions. He faltered a second when he found no hair on Rich's balls. I guess he hadn't noticed when he had removed his shorts but I guess that was to be expected as Rod had only looked at his cock for a second before he dove in.

"Yeah," I said, "Rich shaves his balls, I do too. It's great, it makes oral sex much more sensitive. Why don't you lick his balls and see for yourself."

Rod must have thought that was a good idea for he backed off from the cock in his mouth and slid to Rich's balls dragging his tongue the whole way. Rod actually groaned out loud when he got the first taste of Rich's balls. He slobbered all over them, taking one, then the other and finally both nuts into his mouth where he sucked gently on them.

Rich sighed happily at the sensation and I could see that he was really appreciating the tongue action on his nuts. All too soon that tongue action became too much though as Rich started to tense up. I knew he would be coming soon and it was going to be a big one.

"Rod, I'm gonna cum... I'm gonna..."

Before Rich could finish his statement Rod moved his mouth quicker than I thought possible and stuffed Rich's cock back in his mouth, right down to the hand that had been stroking him steadily.

The hiss of breath from Rich signaled his orgasm to me and I watched Rod's mouth fill with cum. He had Rich's cock so far in his mouth that there wasn't a lot of room for the cum and I saw Rod's cheeks swell as more and more cum filled his mouth.

Rod held the cock in his mouth for quite some time, basting it in its own juices, before he pulled back. He didn't swallow right away, he seemed to be enjoying the taste and feel of having his first mouthful of cum and he wasn't going to rush it. The look of satisfaction on Rod's face as he finally swallowed told me everything I needed to know; Rod was going to fit in great. He loved sucking cock and eating cum as much as we did.

Rod turned to look at me; the smile splitting his face told me he was very pleased with himself. He turned back to Rich, who had been quiet up until then.

"Wow, Rod, that was great! For a first timer you sure weren't shy."

"Thanks, Rich. I really enjoyed that. It was better than anything I ever imagined. I've been fantasizing for years about how a cock would feel in my mouth and the reality was much better. I loved how hot your cock was, I could feel the heat before I even put it in it seemed. I loved how soft the skin is so soft, especially your balls! Man, I never knew how great shaved balls would be! But the best thing for me was the feeling of power and accomplishment as you were shooting your cum in my mouth. I could sense you were going to come because your cock told me. It swelled up even more and twitched, then I felt your nuts contract in my hand and the cum surging up the shaft before it exploded into my mouth. I thought I was going to lose some of it, you were coming so hard and fast, but I didn't want to, I wanted to keep it all."

"I know what you mean," I said. "There's nothing like the feeling of a cock shooting off in your mouth."

"Yeah, it's the best. I knew swallowing wouldn't be a problem for me because I've been eating my own cum for years but I have to say that Rich's cum tasted different, better somehow, I wonder if all guys taste different?" Rod said curiously.

"I don't know but I guess we'll find out before the weekend is over. At least between the three of us."

"Speaking of that," Rod said, "are you ready, Phil? I know I am."

I stood up and moved over to the couch while Rich moved into the chair I had just vacated. "How do you want me, Rod?"

"Why don't you stand here and let me undress you, it was a bit of a pain taking Rich's pants of with him sitting."

Standing relaxed, with my hands at my sides, Rod stepped up to me and pulled my shirt out of my pants. He grabbed the bottom and slid it up my body and over my head. He then dropped to his knees and started undoing my belt. The clasp on my pants was next, followed by the zipper. My pants started to fall of their own weight then and Rod helped them past my knees and to the floor. He reached for the elastic of my underwear, pulling it away from my body so it didn't catch on my erect cock. Pulling it down from the front my underwear slipped off my waist and to the floor.

I sat down then so he could remove my shoes, socks and the clothing that had gathered there. He put everything behind him and then he moved in between my legs, his head lined up with my cock.

"You have a real nice cock, Phil. It's a lot like Rich's, as a matter of fact, your cocks could almost be twins."

"I noticed that too," I said, "Rich and I grew up together and I'd seen him naked in school. When I decided to tell him I was interested in exploring sex with him part of it was because I knew I'd like his cock. Call me weird but I thought it would be the closest thing to sucking myself off."

"I can't get over how different your balls look and feel shaved," Rich said running his hands over my balls. "I've seen that kind of thing done in porn movies but I never gave it much thought."

"It was my wife's idea," I said, "She said she liked it when we were watching some porn. She thought it made a cock look sexy and the lack of hair during blowjobs would be a big plus. I tried it for her and she nearly attacked me that first time. Even today, years later, I get more head than I ever got earlier in my marriage."
