 The Shave

You may remember the last meeting between my best friend Rich and I when we got together in my back yard and gave each other the best oral sex we'd ever had. This story, though I feel it stands on its own, follows on the heels of that story.

*****

It had been a week since I'd been together with my best friend, Rich, in a sexual way. In that time my wife, Marilyn, and I fucked three times and each time was as good as it has ever been. I didn't love Rich, I loved Marilyn, with all my heart. Rich was fantasy fulfillment and nothing else, for both of us. We sucked each others cocks and swallowed the cum shooting from the hot dick in our mouth but at the end of the day we were still best friends, best friends with benefits!

I had just come in from mowing the grass and I was hot and sweaty. Marilyn handed me an ice-cold lemonade and I sat there savoring the taste before I headed upstairs to take a shower. Just as I was sucking on the ice cubes at the bottom of the glass the phone rang and Marilyn picked it up.

"Hello?"

"Hey beautiful, is the old man around?" Rich asked.

Marilyn giggled every time he called her beautiful but she was on to his line of BS. "Sure, stud, hold on." She put her hand over the phone and called to me. "Phil, Rich is on the phone."

I picked up the extension in the kitchen and waited until Marilyn hung up. "Hey, Buddy, what's shakin'?"

"Not much, Joan has gone over to her mother's for the afternoon and I was wondering if you could help me out with something?"

"I think so, let me check with Marilyn." I put the phone to my chest and asked my wife if she minded if I went over to Rich's for the afternoon. She told me she had a lot of things to catch up on and to have fun.

"No, problem, I'm yours for the afternoon. What do you need help with?" I asked.

"I need help with a haircut and I hear you're the man for the job? Is that right?" he asked his tone low and quiet.

My cock started to stir in my pants. Rich wanted me to shave his balls for him! I'd asked him to let me be the first to do it and the time had come! "I'm your man, Rich, you won't regret it, believe me. Give me ten minutes to shower and I'll be right over."

"Hurry up I can hardly wait!"

I hung up the phone and raced to the bathroom, stripped off my clothes and jumped under the water. I soaped up at near super speed, dried nearly as quickly and was in my bedroom in less than five minutes. I threw on a polo shirts and shorts, sans underwear, and my sandals. I hurried down the stairs until I got near the kitchen where I took a couple of deep breaths to calm myself before I entered.

"I'm leaving now, Honey. I should be back around 5:00, is that all right?" I asked as I kissed her deeply.

"Mmm, as long as I get some kisses like that when you get back I guess I can wait that long," she smiled at me an slapped me on the ass as I exited.

Looking at my watch I saw that I had my ten minute estimate beaten by a minute. I knocked on the door and was met with a very smiling Rich.

"Wow, that was fast! You must be as excited as I am. Come on in, can I get you something to drink?"

I stepped inside and closed the door behind me. I stepped close to him and fondled his package. "I think you have what I want to drink right here but first I need to get rid of that fur!"

Rich groaned as my hand wandered over the front of his pants. "Oh, God, Phil, I can hardly wait. What do you need me to get?"

"I need a large bowl filled with hot water. You need to get a couple of towels and face clothes and your razor. You still use one of those three blade jobbies, right?"

"Yeah, they do a great job on my beard."

"They'll do a great job on your balls too. Oh, shaving cream, not menthol if you have it, since that might cause irritation. Get all that together and meet me in the living room."

Rich took off for the bathroom almost at a run so I headed to the living room to move the coffee table out of the way. I wanted to have plenty of room to work. Just as I finished moving the table Rich was back with everything but the water. "I'll get the water from the kitchen, be right back."

I set one of the towels on the sofa, folded in half. I wanted Rich to sit on this while I worked but I wanted him to be able to open his legs wide. I set up the face cloths, the razor and shaving cream on the floor next to the other towel.

Rich came back and handed me a large bowl full of steaming water. "Okay, what's next?" he asked, sounding like an excited kid.

"Next I get to undress you. Come here."

I reached my hands out to grasp the bottom of his tee shirt and pulled it over his head. I threw it on the floor by the recliner and then put my hands on his waist, pulling him closer to me. I popped the button on his shorts and then slid the zipper down. He was prepared, as I was, by not wearing underwear. As the zipper reached the bottom his hot cock fell out of the opening and right into my hand.

I took a couple of quick strokes before I let go and slid the shorts down his legs and off. He stood before me, naked, hot and horny, and about to be shorn of testicle hair. I couldn't wait to taste him without all that hair in the way. While Rich wasn't particularly hairy on his chest he had a real thick thatch on his balls. I knew I'd have to work hard to get those babies as clean as mine but I knew the effort would be worth it.

"Okay, Rich, sit down on that towel and open your legs wide."

Rich sat down and spread his legs. His cock was hard and laying on his belly but I needed to make sure. Okay, I just wanted to play with him a bit if I have to be honest. Rich moaned as I grasped his cock and stroked it slowly from the head to his balls, carefully peeling the foreskin back to reveal the purplish mushroom head. I didn't want to jerk him off, I wanted that load where it would do the most good, in my mouth, so I stopped, knelt down and wet the face cloth in the hot water.

"I'm going to use this cloth to soften the hair a bit. It helps to wet the area too," I said, the excitement evident in my voice.

"Oh, Phil, that feels so good, I don't know if I'm going to last."

"You'd better. I need your cock hard to shave it. It helps if the skin is stretched. Try to get your mind off it."

"Okay, Phil, okay, just get on with it!"

I removed the face cloth and wet my hand in the water, rubbing it through his pubes, getting them nice and wet. I squirted a big blob of shaving cream into my hand and carefully spread it all over his groin.

"Uh, Phil, you're not going to shave me bald, are you?" Rich asked seeming concerned with where I had spread the cream.

"Not this time, unless you want me to?" I teased.

"No! Just my balls. I told Joan I was going to have a surprise for her when she gets home and I don't want her to freak."

"Don't worry," I said, "you and your wife are going to love it." I reached for the shaver, swished it in the bowl of hot water and, grasping his cock in my hand, stroked the blades slowly down the shaft of his cock. I was right, one swipe and the blade was clogged with hair, this was going to take some time. I might even have to change the water.

I worked slowly and carefully, each swipe of the blade removing more hair and exposing the soft smooth flesh beneath. I could feel him twitching every time I moved his cock to one side or the other so I could get at all the nooks and crannies. I even had him lift his legs so I could shave underneath his balls, close to his ass. Shaving like this opened up so many possibilities for Marilyn and me and I wanted him and Joan to have those same possibilities.

I did have to change the water, dumping the hair filled water in the downstairs toilet, and filling it up again with nice hot, but not too hot, water. I lathered him up one more time then ran the razor over every inch of his cock and balls until I was satisfied that he was smooth as a baby's ass.

I picked up the face cloth again and wiped him down, cleaning him of any loose hair and lather, then I wet the other face cloth in the sink and wiped him down again. It took three times before all the loose hairs were picked up but soon I was done.

"Well, buddy, what do you think?" I asked, looking for praise for my handiwork.

Rich looked down at himself, surprised at first, since he hadn't seen his balls without hair since he was about twelve. He ran his hand over his cock and down to his balls, squeezing them firmly before rubbing his hand farther down, taking in all the newly bared skin.

"God, Phil, it feels weird but I like it. You were right, my nuts feel so smooth and sensitive now. I'm going to keep it like this all the time!"

"I'm glad, and I'm sure Joan will echo that sentiment, once I'm done with my shave test, however." I said seriously.

"Shave test? What's that?"

"The person shaving another person has to test the area to make sure they didn't miss any hairs. The best tool for that job is a hot tongue. I'm going to lick and suck every inch of your smooth balls to make sure they taste as smooth as they look!" I said with a wicked grin.

Rich pulled the towel out from under him and lay back with his legs spread even wider. "Test away, Phil!"

I moved in to his crotch, sniffing the clean sweet flesh as I rubbed my nose and chin on his cock. "Hmm, so far so good," I said, "but now comes the acid test."

I stuck out my tongue and starting just below his balls slowly licked my way up over his balls, along his shaft, and up to the head where a big blob of precum awaited me. As you may remember, I love the taste of precum and Rich's tasted great, sweet and syrupy but with a hint of shaving cream. I swirled my tongue around the head to make sure I got it all then made the return trip to below his nuts on the other side. I continued this journey, up over his nuts to the head, slurp up the precum and then down the shaft to below his balls, over and over again. Rich was really enjoying this as I could tell by the moans and pants he was making as I slobbered all over his cock.

I think I had teased him, and me for that matter, enough so on my last trip to the head I slipped the whole thing in my mouth and held it there.

"Oh God, Phil, suck it, please, please, suck it. I can't stand it! I want to come so bad!"

I couldn't resist the begging so I sped up my motions, licking the underside of the head on each out stroke. I was taking his cock as deep as I ever had and was gagging very little. I'd been looking forward to this meeting all week and I knew I wanted to fulfill a goal of mine, to deep-throat Rich's cock. To that end I had been practicing with one of Marilyn's dildos. I had been able to hold it in my throat for a few seconds longer each time but I still hadn't overcome the gag reflex. I was determined to deep-throat him today, come hell or high water.

"Phil, Phil! I'm coming! Suck it, Phil, suck it!" he screamed.

The first spurt was, as usual hot and powerful. I caught it back in my mouth and then backed off more, letting the creamy liquid fill me. The pulsing of his cock in my mouth was intoxicating. I could feel every spurt as the cream moved up the shaft and into my mouth, coating my tongue and teeth. All too soon I felt the last weak pulse and then there was no more. I swished the come back and forth in my mouth and around his cock head which I still held gently between my lips. I pulled his cock out of my mouth slowly, not wanting to lose a drop. As I had done for him last week, I opened my mouth so he could see how full he had made me and I swirled my tongue over my teeth, coating everything in sweet, thick come. I swallowed noisily and then licked my lips, reminding myself of a cat who got the cream. I may not have been a cat but I sure got the cream!

Rick pulled his head off the couch, smiled weakly at me and said, "Well did I pass the shave test? Did you find any loose hairs?"

"Not a one, just sweet smooth cock meat. You tasted great! Thanks for letting me shave you," I said seriously.

"No, thank you, Phil. This is the second time we've been together and this is the second time you've done something for me no one else has ever done. I'll never forget my first shave, Phil."

"It was my pleasure, Rich, believe me, in more ways than one. Now I get to eat that hot cock with no hair getting in the way. It's a win-win for both of us!"

"Phil, could I ask you something?" Rich asked uncertainly.

"Sure, what is it?"

"Could I shave you? I think I need to get some practice handling the razor, for when I do myself, you know," he said softly.

"I'd be honored for you to shave me, Rich. I didn't get to do it before I left the house so a touch up would be great!"

"All right!" Rich said, as excited as a little kid with a new toy. "Stand up so I can undress you."

I stood up and stepped back, allowing Rich to undress me as I had done to him. Since I was only wearing a shirt and shorts I was nude in no time, sitting on the couch with my legs spread.

"I think I remember what you did so I'd like to try this without coaching, okay?"

"Sure, I'll only butt in if you forget something important." I lay my head back, waiting for the feel of my friend's hand on my cock.

Rich wet the face cloth and draped it over my cock and balls. I didn't need it to soften the hair but it did wet the area nicely. Then I heard the spurt of the shaving cream into his hand and finally the smooth cream being spread all over my genitals. Rick picked up the razor, swished it in the water, and slowly, carefully scraped the stubble from my cock and balls. Rich's face was so close to my cock I could feel his breath as the razor scrapped away the cream and it was tickling me but in a wonderfully teasing way. I felt Rich lifting my legs so he could get underneath my balls and I knew I was almost done.

The task didn't take nearly as long, of course, but Rich took the face cloth and gently cleaned up my crotch of all remnants of shaving cream. He moved his head close to my cock and sniffed the clean smell of freshly shaved dick. He closed his eyes and sighed.

"God, you look and smell great. I can't get over how different a cock looks without all that hair." He paused to set the razor down before he returned to me, snuggling close to my cock.

"Are you ready for your shave test, Phil? I'm a rookie at this and I have to make sure I did it right?"

"Yes, God I'm ready. Test me, please!"

He smiled at the urgency in my voice, pleased that he had aroused me to the heights he had. I hadn't opened my eyes since he started and I kept them closed now. I felt his tongue tentatively swipe over my left nut then, more confidently, over my right. He quickly fell into a pattern of licking my nuts in circles then dipping below them only to return to my nuts again. I wanted to feel his mouth on my cock in the worst way but it didn't look like he was in any mood to move that way without help.

"Rich, my nuts are dripping with spit, how about moving some of that up to my cock. I'm leaking precum all over my stomach! You don't want to waste it, do you?"

He got the hint and, remembering how much he enjoyed the taste of precum himself he dragged his tongue up the shaft to the head where he engulfed it, slurping up the juices there. Once he had got all that I had available he picked up my cock, moved it out of the way and lapped up what had spilled onto my stomach.

He finished his last lick and then, sensing my torment, put me out of my misery. He popped my cock into his mouth, sucking hard and jacking my cock in short strokes with his hand. I couldn't last under this assault and with a quick warning I came with a vengeance.

The cum seemed to keep shooting for up to fifteen seconds but was probably a lot less. As happened the last time I had shot so much some of it leaked out of his mouth and down his chin, but not as much as last time. Rich had to swallow, his mouth was too full, but the sound of his swallowing was intoxicating to me. It seemed as if he swallowed extra loud because he knew how much I liked to hear it. Soon I felt Rich's tongue swirling around the head, gathering the last remaining drops of cum, then as I had done to him, he held me in his mouth as I softened.

"Wow, Rich, that was awesome! You are so good at this I can't believe it!"

"I know, I can't believe it either. It seems to come so naturally to me with you. I get your cock in my mouth and I just go wild. I'm so grateful to you for suggesting this, Phil. I just can't get enough of your cock or your come."

"I know what you mean. I just love the feel of your cock in my mouth and when you shoot, God, I can feel the cum as it races up the shaft. I think I could come just from that alone sometimes."

For the first time since I sat down I raised my head and opened my eyes. I looked down at Rich and saw that sucking me had revived his cock and it stood up proud and hard. I decided that now was going to be the time for me to deep-throat my friend.

"Hey, Buddy, I see you're ready again. You up for something new?"

"Something else? God, yes! I am so ready."

"Good, we need a bed, can we use your daughter's room?"

"Sure, let's go." He started ahead of me and I followed his naked ass as he led me to the back of the house where the bedrooms were. I saw the bed and knew the height might be a little low but we'd have to make do.

"Ok, here's what I want to do. I want you to fuck my throat. I'm going to lay on my back with my head hanging over the edge. This should give you a pretty straight shot into my mouth and down my throat. You might have to bend a bit but I think you'll find it worth it. I've been practicing deep-throating one of Marilyn's dildos and I really want to try this. Oh, one more thing. I want you to hold your cock as deep in my mouth as you can when you come. I want you to shoot your load straight down my throat and into my stomach. What do you think?"

"What do I think? I think you're nuts but it sounds so hot, I can't wait to slip my cock down your throat!" he said excitedly.

"Great, then let's get going." I hopped on the bed and positioned myself with my head hanging over the edge. I could see his cock coming closer, the precum dripping off the tip. "Oh, one more thing, make sure you warn me when you're going to come, I need to know so I can relax my throat."

"Sure, I can do that. Ready?" he asked as he slipped his cock into my open mouth.

I felt him being a slow pumping motion, getting into a comfortable position before speeding up. I basically laid there and let him use my mouth, keeping up the suction as much as possible as his cock sped over my tongue and lips. Soon Rich really got into it and I could feel the head of his cock slipping into my throat on each thrust, his balls rubbing over my nose and eyes, caressing me with them on every stroke. I was in heaven. I couldn't believe how hot it was to feel this cock slapping my lips with every thrust. I started to hold his hips, getting across to him that I wanted him to pause on the in-stroke a bit before pulling out again. He was really working up a sweat now and some of it ran down his back, over his ass and into my eyes. As much as I wanted to see those beautiful balls hit my face with each thrust the sweat stung so I had to close them for the remainder of the fuck.

Just when I thought my mouth was going to give out Rich started to swell in my mouth and I knew he was close.

"Get ready, Phil, another stroke or two now....Oh my God, I'm cumming, Phil, I'm coming!"

He did exactly as I had asked and I felt him slide deeper than he had so far today as I relaxed my throat and let him in. I felt the first spurt shoot out of the end of his cock and being its journey to my guts. The head of his cock swelled even more with then next shot and I thought I was going to have to pull back but I held on. The last shot wasn't as powerful as the previous two and it joined the others sliding down my throat.
