 Oral Friends Eight—Strip Club Adventure

This is the eighth story in my series. Each story is strictly fantasy. This is the product of my perverted brain! LOL. This one I have broken into two parts due to the length.

This story also recounts events from previous stories but told from the viewpoint of Rich. I hope you aren't too bored and I hope hearing Rich's thoughts on the events will make up for it.

**********

I recently stopped by the adult bookstore where Rich and I had our last adventure to see how Ken was doing. My wife had me doing errands and one of them brought me close so I stopped in.

"Hey, Ken, how's business?" I asked.

"Phil!" Ken said with a smile. "How are you? Is your friend with you?"

"No, I was in the area and I thought I'd stop by, that's all."

"Well, that's nice of you. I know you said you probably wouldn't do a show like that for a while but if you change your mind be sure to let me know. You wouldn't believe the buzz around here after that day. Business has been good too. I think people stop by hoping to see your friend walking around naked!" he laughed.

"He really enjoyed that, Ken. Thanks again for all your help that day. He still talks about it."

"I was glad I could help." Ken glanced down at a pile of papers on the counter. He picked one up and handed it to me. "Here's a paper that lists all kinds of adult entertainment businesses. There's a strip joint about an hour north of here that has a Jack and Jill amateur night that might interest you."

"Jack and Jill amateur night? What's that?"

"They have a huge stage there. Once a month they have male dancers for the girls. They also have an amateur night as well. Guys are encouraged to live out their stripper fantasies. Anyway, if your friend likes to be naked in a public setting he couldn't get much better than that!"

Hmm, it sure sounded like it would be right up Rich's alley. I took the paper, thanked Ken for the suggestion and went back to doing my errands.

**********

It was about a week later that I remembered the paper Ken had given me. I looked at the date for amateur night and saw that it had been the previous weekend. I called the club to confirm the date of the next one. It was going to be, as I expected, four weeks from now. I knew we'd need some time to plan if we wanted to do this so I headed over to Rich's with the paper in my pocket.

I knocked on the door and Joan answered. "Hi, Phil!"

"Hi, Joan, is Rich around?"

"He's in the garage," she said with a disgusted look on her face but she smiled so I knew she wasn't upset.

"You know us guys and garages. We'd live out there if the benefits of sleeping with our wives weren't so good!" I said with a laugh and a leer.

"Oh you!" she said as she batted my shoulder. "Get out of here so I can get back to my cleaning!"

I walked through the house and out to the garage. Rich was under the car, changing the oil it looked like.

"Rich? Can you take a break for a minute?"

"Sure," Rich said climbing out from under the car. "What can I do for you," he said wiping his hands on a rag.

"I've got an idea I want to run by you. I stopped over at Ken's bookstore and he gave me this paper," I said as I pulled it out of my pocket. "Look at this ad and tell me what you think."

I handed him the paper and waited while he read the ad. "Jack and Jill amateur night, what's that?"

"I asked the same question. Ken says this place has a program once a month they call Jack and Jill night. They have male dancers for their female patrons but they also have male amateurs dance in their amateur contest."

"Okay, so how to we fit into this?"

Rich was being a little slow on the uptake today. "Well, I was thinking that since you enjoyed walking through the bookstore naked that time you might want to show off to a larger audience!"

Rich was stunned. He looked at me, then to the ad, then back at me. "You're serious?"

"Of course! I wanted to tell you about it but the decision is yours since you'll be the one dancing."

"Would I be wearing my cage?" he asked excitedly.

"Of course, Slut!" I said with an evil grin.

"Oh God!" Rich said as he slumped against the workbench.

"Rich! Are you okay, buddy?" I asked concerned.

"I'm... I'm okay," he said breathing heavily. "I'm sorry, Phil, but I was overwhelmed by the idea of being naked, wearing my cage, in a room full of women."

"So I guess that means you're not interested then," I said neutrally, trying not to sound disappointed.

"No!" he said. "I'm very interested! Just because I was overwhelmed by the idea doesn't mean I don't want to do it! I want to do it so bad I can't tell you! When is it?"

"Four weeks from last Saturday. I figured we'd need some time to make plans if you were interested. I was thinking we could have a poker night at Rod's cabin but instead of playing poker we'd go to the club. I bet Joe and Rod would love to see you dance."

"I bet they would too!" Rich said. "Why don't we call Rod and see if he and Joe are available that weekend. If they can't go we'll need a different excuse." Rich pulled out his cell phone and called Rod.

"Rod, it's me, Rich. Phil's here with me. He told me about a club that has amateur male dancers stripping. I really want to do it and we were wondering if you and Joe might like to go and watch. We figured we'd tell the wives we were playing poker at the cabin."

"Uh-huh... That's right!"

"Okay, check with Joe and get back to me." Rich said and he ended the call.

"Rod about shit, Phil, but he'd love to go with us. He's going to talk to Joe and get back to me but he won't be able to talk to him until tomorrow at work."

"Okay, I'll let you get back to work then, let me know when you hear something."

**********

Rich came over two days later. Rod had gotten busy and didn't call the next day like we'd hoped. Joe was as enthusiastic as Rod was about going to the club. We didn't have any problem clearing the date with our wives but they still wanted to go out for breakfast the next morning. We promised them we'd be back in town by 9:00 AM Sunday morning to take them out. Now the biggest problem we had to face was waiting four weeks!

**********

A week before the contest I had another idea. I know, not another one! Being an amateur Rich wouldn't have any costumes like the pros would and he would look like a dork strutting around the stage in his white briefs! I figured if he wore a thong it would look better when his pants came off. I wanted to run this by him so I gave him a call.

"Hi, Rich, it's me. Can you talk?"

"Yeah, I'm just getting the lawnmower out so I can cut the grass. What did you need?"

"I was thinking about your performance next week. Since you won't have a costume like the pros I thought maybe wearing a thong under your clothes would work better than your briefs or nothing at all. This way you can give the women a look but save the revealing of the cage for a bit later. What do you think?"

"I didn't really think about it. I was going to go with no underwear and let it all hang out, so to speak. This sounds better. Don't pros wear a g-string or something like that?"

"I'm pretty sure they do. That's why I was thinking a thong. It would cover the cage better than a g-string."

"Okay, sounds good. Where can I get one?"

"I was thinking Victoria's Secret."

"Victoria's Secret! My wife goes there!"

"I know but there aren't too many places that sell male g-strings!"

"No, I suppose not. We can't go to our mall though. I don't want to take a chance on being recognized if Joan and I shop there in the future."

"Okay, how about we hit the mall in the next town over. If we go early on a Sunday morning I don't think too many people will be there and maybe we can show you off!"

"Show me off? As in to the sales staff?"

"Yes! You could wear the cage and I could get one of the women to 'help' us fit you. What do you say?"

"I say you're crazy but I like the way you think! Do you think they'd do that and not call the cops?"

"We'll see what their reaction is when we tell them the thong is for you. If they react positively I think we could both have some fun."

"Okay, let's do it!"

**********

The mall was pretty deserted as it was still early and it was the first nice day in a week. We quickly found the store and walked in. We started to browse and I noticed that we were the only ones in the store. So far so good. I could only see two women working the store, an older one and a college age girl. We headed to the back of the store where there was a display of thong underwear. The older woman was the manager according to her name tag and her name was Mary.

"Hello, may I help you?" Mary said.

"Yes, I'm looking for black thong underwear with the back not too wide but pretty wide in the front. Do you have something like that?" I asked.

She moved over to a table and pulled out a sample. "How about this style, Sir?"

They looked good and I told her so. "What size does your wife wear?"

"Oh, they're not for my wife, they're for him," I said pointing at Rich. Rich blushed but nodded his head. "Tell Mary what you need them for."

"I'm entering an amateur strip contest and these are part of my costume," Rich said quietly.

"Oh, I see. That sounds like fun!" Mary said with a smile. "Maybe I'll see you there!"

"What size do you think he'd need?" I asked.

Mary pulled out three different sizes. "I think one of these should work. He can try them on in there," she said pointing to the dressing rooms.

"Maybe you'd like to help us. To insure a proper fit?" I said with a smile.

"That is part of the service we provide, Sir," Mary said with a smile. "I'll just tell Joy to watch the store for a while." Mary walked over to Joy and gave her some directions before returning to us. "This way, gentlemen."

Rich and I followed Mary to the dressing rooms where she walked into the very last one. Rich followed her in, standing there not knowing what to do.

"You can't try on the thongs with your clothes on," I said. "Strip!"

Rich blushed again but smiled at me. "Yes Sir." He pulled his shirt off then sat down in the chair and removed his shoes and socks. He stood up and, very slowly, pushed his pants down. They fell to the floor where he picked them up and set them on the bench with the rest of his clothes.

Mary had been watching him strip the whole time and when his cock cage came into view she gasped.

"Do you like it?" I asked. "He's an exhibitionist with submissive fantasies that I help him live out. Tell Mary what you like, Slut."

"I love to wear Sir's cage on his cock. I love to be naked, especially in public. I can't wait until I can take off all my clothes at the strip club next week!"

Mary finally found her voice. "I see, and is he your slave all the time?"

"No, we're both happily married men with fantasies to fulfill. We have fun and then go back to our regular lives."

"I'm glad you chose my store for one of your fantasies then. I haven't seen a male submissive in quite a while and this is only the second cock cage I've seen."

"So would you like to help him choose a pair, Mary?"

"Oh, yes. What did you call him before?"

"Slut. I call him Slut when we play because he says doing things like this makes him feel like a slut."

"Well then, Slut, step over here please," Mary said. She picked the first pair and held them out so Rich could step into them then slowly pulled them up his legs, taking great care to see that the back was placed correctly between his buttocks.

"Turn around, Slut," she said. Rich turned and Mary looked at me. "I'm not happy with the way this pair fits."

She pulled them down and helped Rich out and into the second pair, making sure both the back and the front were placed properly. "All right, Slut. Turn around again so we can see how you look."

Rich turned slowly in a circle and came to a stop facing us. "Turn so I can see the back, please, Slut," Mary said. Rich turned and waited.

"I like this pair much better but let's try the last one, just in case."

For the third time Mary helped Rich out of the pair he was wearing and into the third. She took great care seeing that the fit was perfect.

"Turn again, please, Slut," Mary asked. Rich turned again in a full circle.

"I like those the best," I said. "What do you think, Mary?"

"Oh I quite agree, Sir. How many pair do you want?

"I think two will be good for starters. Would you like to play with him a bit? We have some time."

"Oh I would love that, Sir." Mary helped Rich out of the thong and put it with the others. She walked up to Rich, looking him over. "Sit in that chair and put your legs over the arms. Spread your legs as far apart as you can."

Rich sat down and scooted his butt to the edge of the seat then laid his legs over the arms. He was breathing heavily and Mary hadn't even touched him.

"Are there any limits to what I can do?" she asked.

"He's not into pain but he does like a firm squeezing of his balls. Play it by ear," I said with a smile.

Mary turned and walked over to Rich. "I haven't played with a Slut in a long time," she said as she ran her fingernail up his leg and down to his crotch. "I think we'll both have fun, won't we, Slut?"

"Yes, Ma'am," Rich said smiling back.

Mary squatted down to get a good look at the cage. She ran her fingers over Rich's balls and he squirmed, his cock swelling up, filling the cage. "You like that?" Mary asked.

"Yes Ma'am."

"Good," she said as she lowered her mouth to Rich's balls.

I wasn't sure how Rich would feel about this. He had his eyes closed and there was a big smile on his face so I figured he was okay with this.

"I love a man with shaved balls," Mary said. "They look very nice with this cock cage too. How big is his cock erect?"

"Six inches, about average, but it is nicely thick," I said with pride.

"It sounds lovely, too bad it's all locked up," she said in a sing-song voice. "I bet he'd like to come out and play." All this time Mary had been kissing and massaging Rich's balls so by now he was swelled to maximum in the cage. "It's all swelled up now. Let's see if I can keep it like that."

I noticed her hiking her skirt up and over her waist. She was wearing a thong as well, a black one, with stockings and a garter belt. I watched as she pulled the thong to one side and put two fingers into her cunt, moving them back and forth at a steady pace. She returned to Rich's balls, pulling and tugging on them as well as kissing them, making sure he stayed as hard as he could get while she got herself off.

Rich was lost in the sensations. He has his head dropped back on the chair and was moaning and licking his lips the whole time. I could tell from the occasional grimace that Mary might have been a little enthusiastic at times but he didn't look like he was about to stop her so I stayed back and just watched.

The scent of pussy was getting strong in the room and combined with her moans and Rich's as well, I was hard as a rock. I didn't want to jerk off though; I had one more surprise for Mary.

"I hope you're going to like this next thing, Slut. I don't get to do it very often so now's my chance."

I wondered what she was going to do so I watched very carefully in case I had to step in.

Mary started with licking Rich's balls then she moved down to the area between them and his asshole. I thought she was going to stop there but she continued down until she was rimming his ass!

Rich's eyes popped open at the sensation and he jumped.

Mary pulled back, looking disappointed. "You don't like that, Slut?" she asked.

"You surprised me, Ma'am. No one has ever done that to me before."

"May I continue?" Mary asked with a wicked grin.

"Yes, please!" Rich moaned.

Mary dove back in like a starving woman, one hand on Rich's balls, squeezing them rhythmically, and the other slamming two fingers into her cunt. She worked herself and him like this for another few minutes. I saw her remove her fingers from her cunt and rub furiously on her clit. When she came she shoved her tongue up Rich's ass and held her face there until her orgasm stopped.

I had never seen anything like that before, and I was speechless for a while. Rich was sprawled in the chair looking wiped out. Mary was still kneeling trying to regain her breath.

"God that felt great!" Mary said as she wiped her lips and mouth with a tissue. "My husband won't let me rim him and eat his ass so I figured this was my best chance. Thank you for lending me your slut."

"It was my pleasure, Mary. I enjoyed the show very much. I'm almost jealous of Slut. I've never had my ass rimmed either."

"You're both welcome to come back, you know," Mary said with a sexy grin.

"I might just do that," I said. "Now I want to show you something Slut loves." I stepped up to the chair and looked into Rich's eyes. I smiled and he smiled back.

"Did you enjoy that, Slut?"

"Yes, Sir, very much!"

"I think Mary deserves a show as well, don't you?"

Rich smiled wider, guessing where I was going. "Yes, Sir, she does."

"Good," I said as I dropped my pants. "Suck my cock for Mary and show her what a good slut you are."

Rich sat up in the chair and quickly devoured my cock, right to the balls, then he set up a nice steady motion going from the head to the balls each time.

I turned my head and saw that Mary was on her knees again right next to Rich watching him suck my cock. "He's quite good isn't he, Mary. He loves to suck me and swallow my come. He gives me a blowjob as often as he can."

"I can see he's had a lot of practice," Mary said. "He deep throats like a pro."

"He learned to do it using his wife's dildo so he could please me." I said, adding to Rich's embarrassment and enjoyment at the same time. We were all quiet for a while, the only sound was my heavy breathing and the sucking sounds coming from Rich's mouth.

"I'm going to cum soon, Slut. I want you to hold my cum in your mouth until I tell you to swallow," I said. Rich nodded as best he could then went back to sucking.

I felt the familiar tingle that signaled my impending orgasm. "Get ready, Slut. Oh, yes!" I said as I erupted in his mouth. Five or six shots later I was done and I carefully pulled back so Rich wouldn't lose any. I tucked myself away and helped Mary off the floor.

"Show Mary my cum, Slut."

Rich leaned back in the chair and opened his mouth. Mary leaned in getting a good look. "That was a nice load. It looks tasty!"

"Be sure to ask him when we go out front," I said with a grin.

"Oh, you are naughty aren't you?!" Mary said smiling.

"He loves a bit of humiliation too. I try to oblige when I can." I turned to Rich. "Get dressed now, Slut. We have to get going."

We walked out of the dressing room and Mary picked out another thong like the last one. I took them both, handed Rich some money and told him to get in line to pay. He looked at me wondering when he was going to be told to swallow. I smiled and pointed to the cashier. He got the message, smiled back and got in line, Mary and I following behind.

"Did you find everything you were looking for, Sir," Joy, the cashier asked.

Rich nodded his head since he couldn't answer.

"That's not how you answer a lady," I said. "Swallow that mouthful of cum and answer her properly."

Rich swallowed and said, "Yes, thank you."

"Now, apologize to the lady and tell her what you had in your mouth," I said.

"I'm very sorry, Miss but I had my master's cum in my mouth and he hadn't given me permission to swallow."

Joy looked at me, then at Rich, then at Mary. "Mary?" she said confused.

"It's all right Joy. Complete the sale so these gentlemen can leave and we can talk about this later."

"Yes, Mary," Joy said, obviously stunned. She bagged the two thongs, took the money and handed Rich the bag. "Come again soon!" she said then she slapped her hand over mouth realizing what she'd said.
