 Oral Friends Six—Out of Town Adventure

Due to a lack of other ideas at the moment I've decided to explore something I introduced in my last story, Rich's submissive desires. I hope you enjoy this story.

**********

My friend, Rich, and I had explored his submissive fantasy the other day and we'd both found the experience very exciting. Rich had confessed that he enjoyed it too much and he was concerned that he'd do something outrageous and get us both in trouble. I told him that I'd take care of him during times when he explored his submissive side. I wanted Rich to enjoy his fantasies, and I found I liked being dominant with him.

I'd started searching the internet for ideas of things I could do with Rich. He seemed to enjoy it the last time when I controlled his orgasm so I directed my attentions in that direction.

I'd read stories about dominant wives who put their husband's in cock cages so they couldn't play with themselves while they fucked their well-endowed lovers. I didn't care for that kind of shit between a husband and wife but the idea of putting Rich in a cock cage was very intriguing.

After quite a bit of searching I found a place in the next town that sold something that would fit the bill perfectly. I left work early one day, drove over to the adult bookstore and purchased the device. I got a weird look from the clerk until I told him it was for my male sub. He smiled knowingly and told me he hoped I'd bring my slut around sometime. I told him I just might and left the store. I hurried home, arriving just before my wife. I hid the device in my basement. I planned to examine it in detail at a later date.

The next night I told my wife I was going to go downstairs to watch a ball game while she watched one of those dumb reality shows she liked. I turned on the ball game and then removed the device from where I had hidden it. The cock cage wasn't very long, maybe about three inches. It was made of stout plastic in a mesh design. It had a small hinge at one end and a place for a lock on the other. I looked at the directions. You slipped the device behind the balls by pulling out the loop, allowing them to hang through, then sliding it back in. The slide mechanism closed to about ¾ of an inch. You rested the penis along the bottom half then you folded the top half over which mated with the slide mechanism and locked it with the lock. The penis was trapped until the lock was removed. As long as the penis stayed flaccid there would be no problem. You could even urinate with it on but it could be messy so they recommended that the wearer sit down to do so. However, if the penis was aroused, the device would restrict it, causing painful pressure.

I wasn't sure Rich would like this device but I figured I'd tell him about it and see what he thought. If he went for it I had some ideas about how to prolong his orgasm and satisfy his desire to be dominated as well. I picked up my cell phone and called Rich. There was no time like the present after all.

"Hello?"

"Hi Rich, it's Phil. Can you talk?"

Yeah, Joan's in the bedroom working on some craft thing and I'm in the living room. What's up?"

"I've been thinking about something to do the next time you want to play slut. You wanna hear about it?"

"I sure do!" he said excitedly. I could hear his breathing speed up over the phone.

"I've been doing some internet investigation and I found something that intrigued me. I was thinking of putting you in a cock cage."

"A what?"

"A cock cage. You know, a device that locks on your cock so you can't play with it. I was thinking it would come in handy to control your orgasms."

I thought I heard Rich moan but I wasn't sure. "So what do you think? Is that something you'd like to try?" I asked.

"Would I? I'd love to try it! I'm shaking right now just thinking of you locking my cock up! When can we try it?"

"How about Saturday? Instead of playing a full 18 holes we can play 9 and then hit an adult bookstore over in the next town. Nobody will know us there and maybe we can have a little fun."

"God, Phil, I've got a hard-on just thinking about it! When are you gonna get this thing?" He asked excitedly.

"I've already got it! I figured you'd like it so I bought it yesterday."

"Can I see it? Can you bring it over so I can try it on?"

"You really are excited by this aren't you? I think we're both gonna have a lot of fun with this little device. How about I come over in five minutes?"

"I'll be waiting!"

I ended the call and picked up the device. I was too stiff to fit comfortably in my pocket. How was I gonna get it out of the house? I put it in my back pocket and pulled my shirt down over it. It was the best I could do on such short notice. I slipped the lock and keys in my other pocket and headed upstairs.

"I'm going to Rich's for a few minutes. He just bought a new fishing reel he is dying to show me." I said to my wife as I headed out the door.

The sun was just getting ready to set as I left the house. It was a nice warm night, perfect weather for trying on a cock cage! I rang the doorbell and Rich ushered me into the house.

"Phil's here, Joan!" he called out. "I'm gonna show him my new reel in the garage."

"Okay honey!" I heard Joan call from the bedroom.

We walked through the house, out the door and into the garage. Rich turned on the lights as I locked the door behind me.

"Well, where is it?" Rich said with a grin. You'd think it was Christmas for crying out loud!

I pulled it out of my back pocket and handed it to him. "So, what do you think? Is that something you'd like to wear when we play?"

Rich ran his hands over it, examining it from every angle. He opened it up, then closed it again playing with the slide. "How do you wear it? Where's the lock?"

"I've got the lock right here," I said as I pulled it out of my pocket. "As to how you wear it, why don't you drop your pants and I'll show you!"

As soon as Rich dropped his pants I saw we were going to have trouble. He was so excited by this whole scene that he was a hard as a rock. There was no way that cage would fit in his condition. I knew just what I had to do.

"I'm never going to get it on you like that!" I said. "Let me suck you off so that thing will go down."

"Please hurry!" Rich cried.

Not being a person to disappoint a friend I dropped to my knees and took his beautiful cock in my mouth. I loved sucking Rich's cock. It fit my mouth so well; it was like he had been made for me. I started taking deep sucks, pulling him into my throat with every stroke. The feel of his cock head as it slid over my tongue was heaven to me. It was smooth and spongy but oh so delicious.

I knew from experience that Rich always came faster when I squeezed his nuts firmly so I started working on them as well. I wanted him to come soon so I could get that cage on him. I couldn't wait to see how it looked! I heard his breathing speed up and seconds later he grunted. "I'm coming, Phil! Suck it, buddy, suck it for me!"

I obliged my friend, sucking all the sweet cream from his spurting cock. I swallowed his load and stood up, slowly. Rich was leaning against the work bench, breathing hard like he'd run a race. I looked at his cock and was pleased with what I saw. His previously hard cock was totally soft. The head hadn't retreated into his foreskin yet, but it was in the perfect condition for the next step. I took the cage from his hands and knelt in front of him again.

"I want you to watch how I do this so you can put it on yourself. I think a slut like you should know how to cage his own cock for his master in case I can't, don't you?"

Rich replied softly, "Yes, Sir."

I grabbed his balls and slipped them through the opening, sliding it tight, then stretched his cock out so it lay straight in the bottom part of the cage. I folded the top part over his cock and fit the two pieces together. I picked up the lock and slid it into the loop provided and snapped the lock shut. The sound of that lock clicking seemed so loud in the quiet garage. I think we'd both been holding our breaths and only now did we resume breathing.

I stayed on my knees, getting a close-up view of Rich's cock trapped in the cage I had just locked on him. It was a heady feeling. I controlled his cock! It was mine to do with as I pleased. I'd have to be real careful I didn't let this power go to my head, though. Rich was my friend and I didn't want to hurt him emotionally. This was his fantasy and I wanted him to enjoy it, not hate me afterwards.

"Turn around," I whispered. I was still in shock over the feelings I was having. "Bend over, I want to see how it looks from that angle."

"Yes, Sir," he said quietly. He was really getting into his slut persona. It was a bit awkward, turning around with his pants around his ankles, but it was soon accomplished. He leaned over the workbench and waited my next instruction.

"Open your legs," I said.

He slid his feet apart as far as they would go. His cock hung down due to the weight of the cage. His balls were bunched up, again due to the cage. He looked awesome. I found myself reaching out to touch him without even knowing it. As my fingers made contact with his smooth balls he shivered and groaned.

"You should see this, Rich!" I said excitedly. "You look fabulous. Let's see what happens when you get excited. I want you to know what you'll be in for if you decide you want to do this."

"Please touch me," he begged, as his head sunk on his arms which were resting on the bench.

I ran my hand and fingers all over his balls then down to the cage. I tugged on it, pulling it away from his body a bit. It caused his balls to stretch but the device was not coming off. I noticed his cock swelling, quickly filling the space available. Long before his cock was fully erect it filled the cage. I could see the pressure on his cock as it fought against the restriction.

"How does that feel?" I asked concerned. "Does it hurt badly?"

"No, it's uncomfortable but it doesn't hurt badly. Keep going. I want to really test it!" he said his voice ragged.

I kept up my massaging and pulling for another five minutes. His cock was fully encased and straining against the plastic. "How you doing, Rich?" I asked softly.

"Uh, fine," he said, obviously in some pain. "It's not as bad as I thought it might have been. I sure can't get a hard-on in this but it doesn't kill me if I get excited."

"Okay, I'm gonna stop now. I want to see how quickly the pressure goes away once I stop stimulating you."

I sat back on my heels and waited. Once I stopped, his cock immediately started to shrink, releasing some of the pressure against the device. It took another two minutes for him to return to a small enough size so as not to be uncomfortable.

"So?" I asked hopefully. "Is this something you'd want to wear for an extended period when we play?"

"God, yes!" Rich said, his voice still ragged with his excitement. "I love the feeling of being controlled! I love it when you fondle my nuts causing me to swell against it. The pain is so good, it's weird you know, but I love being like this for you!"

In all this time he'd been in position, bent over with his head down on the bench. "Stand up, turn around and look at me." I told him.

He stood straight, shuffled around; his pants were still at his ankles and looked me in the eyes.

"I'm going to ask you again and I want you to be sure about your answer. Once you say yes, your cock belongs to me as long as you have this on. Is this what you want, Rich?" I asked carefully, looking for any sign of hesitation.

He looked at me, totally serious, "I'm sure, Phil. I want to be your slut when I wear this. I want you to control me and your cock as you see fit. I trust you to cause me no permanent harm and to help me explore my fantasy to the fullest." He smiled at me, waiting for my response.

"All right, Rich. I accept the gift you have given me. I promise to use and control you and my cock as I see fit. I promise to cause you no permanent harm and I *promise* I'll help you explore your submissive fantasy to the fullest." I said with a big smile.

I decided to tease him a little and give him a little thrill as well. I stepped closer to him, slipped my hand between his legs and grabbed his nuts, hard. He jumped a little but didn't say anything, nor did he move. His breathing accelerated and his body stiffened but that was it.

"Good, Slut. I'm glad you didn't cry out or I'd have to punish you." I whispered in his ear. He groaned and closed his eyes as I tugged and pulled on his nuts. All of a sudden I dropped them and stepped away. "Okay, Slut, pull up your pants. We don't want Joan wondering what we're up to do we?"

"No, Sir!" Rich said smartly as he pulled up his pants and tucked himself away. The cage didn't show too badly but you could see he was 'packing' more than he usually did.

"I'd advise you to wear loose fitting pants with that. You don't want everyone to think you're hung like a horse!" I laughed.

"Ok, I'll remember that."

I headed out of the garage with Rich beside me. We didn't say too much and I was soon at the front door.

"G'night, Rich," I said with a smile.

"G'night, Phil!" Rich said enthusiastically as he closed the door behind him.

I walked a few steps away from the house and waited. I wondered how long it would take for Rich to realize I hadn't given him the key! I must have waited thirty seconds but it seemed longer when Rich came rushing out of his house and he almost ran into me.

I pulled the key out of my pocket and dangled it in front of his face. "Looking for this?" I chuckled.

"Geez, Phil, you scared the shit out of me! Give me the key so I can get this thing off."

"Not yet, Slut," I said. "I'm the only one who is allowed to unlock my cock!" I pointed to the side of his house, where it was pretty dark. "Walk over there so I can unlock you."

"Yes, Sir," he said contritely.

He walked to where I had directed and leaned against the house, trying to stick to the shadows. I walked up to him and knelt down. "Pull it out!" I hissed.

Rich unzipped his zipper and hauled the cage out of it. He pulled his hands away and waited. I wanted to tease him a bit more, so before I went further I took a quick look around. There was no one on the street and we were in shadow so I felt confident.

I grabbed the cage and pulled it to me, stretching his cock out a little. I slipped my hand down to fondle his nuts, hearing Rich groan, then I picked up the lock with my fingers, hunting for the opening to insert the key. It didn't want to be found at first but finally the key slid in and, with a satisfying click, I removed the lock from the cage. I opened the cage and carefully removed his cock, which had started to swell again, from it. Since I had it in my hand I held it out and sucked it into my mouth. I couldn't take the time to get him off again, though I wanted to, so I took a few quick sucks, pulled off and tucked him back into his pants.

"Here's the key," I said handing it to him. "This is the only one so you'd better make a copy. We wouldn't want to have to go to a locksmith to get you out, would we?"

"No, we wouldn't!" he said nervously. "I'll get one made tomorrow."

"Good, put the spare away some place safe as a backup. I'll tell you what to do with the regular key when we play, all right?"

"Okay," Rich said with a smile. "Thanks for buying that cage. I really love how I feel when I wear it for you. I can't wait for our first adventure with it!"

"I've got an idea but I'll let you know later in the week for sure. G'night again," I said.

"G'night, Phil!"

**********

I had an idea for this coming weekend that I was pretty sure Rich would love. I stopped over to see him the next night to explain what I had in mind. We went for a walk to the little park down the street. At this time of night it was pretty deserted. There were some picnic tables near the trees so we headed that way.

"Before we talk I want some of your cock," I said as I walked into the trees. Rich smiled at me as we hurried behind some bushes, out of sight of the street. Rich dropped his pants as I dropped to my knees.

"Um, that cock looks good, Rich," I said as I licked it from bottom to top. "Tastes good too!" I settled into a slow steady sucking, interspersed with long licks from his balls to the spongy purple head. I licked the sensitive area on the underside of the head and he groaned loudly.

"Oh, God, Phil! That feels so fuckin' good! Suck my cock, Phil, suck it!"

I was pleased to hear my friend's praise and it pushed me to greater heights. I felt my own cock swelling, precum leaking into my underwear. I was glad I was wearing dark pants! I increased the pressure of my sucking so that you could hear a pop when I pulled off his cock at the top of the stroke. I bent down a bit, pulling his cock level with the ground and drove my face into his crotch. His cock slipped into my throat and I stayed in that position for a few seconds, luxuriating in the feel of his cock in my throat. I backed off to get some air and went back for more. I did this a number of times until my neck started to hurt. I rose back up and continued sucking.

I wanted to taste his sweet cum so I started squeezing and massaging his nuts the way he liked and I knew it wouldn't be long. Rich started breathing heavily and he started to move his hips, trying to fuck my mouth.

"Oh, fuck, Phil! I'm gonna come soon! Geez, you have a great mouth, Phil, suck my fuckin' cock! UH!" he groaned as he started to come.

I felt the first spurt hit the back of my throat and slide straight down to my stomach. I pulled him out a little so that the remainder of his orgasm filled my mouth. It was hot and thick and sweet and I missed getting it. I savored his cum before I swallowed it, smacking my lips. I stroked his cock a few more times, squeezing the last few drops onto my tongue. I wanted it all!

"Oh, man that was good! I love your cum, it tastes so good!" I fondled his cock again before I released it so I could stand up.

Rich pulled his pants up and we made our way over to one of the tables to sit down.

"So," Rich said excitedly. "What do you have in mind?"

"I have something I'd like to run by you but before I do I want to say that I hope you don't let this fantasy take over our relationship. I really like our mutual sucking sessions, that 69 last week was so hot. I enjoy our relationship too much to want it to change, like it could if we're not careful," I said quietly. I didn't want to be Rich's master all the time. Once in a while was fine but I wanted my suck buddy too.

"I'm sorry, Phil," Rich said sadly. "I didn't realize you felt that way. I don't want our relationship to change either. I guess I'm acting like a kid with a new toy, you know. This is the first time I've had anyone who wants to help me realize my fantasy and I'm so excited that I want to experience as much as I can as soon as I can. I don't want to change our relationship either. I don't want a 24/7 slut relationship, at all! I love my wife and I wouldn't want to change what I have with her either. Don't worry, Phil, I want to feed you my cock and have you deep throat me as much as I always have," he said with a confident smile.

I smiled back, I felt relieved. "Great, Rich. I'm glad we're on the same page with this. Now, about my idea for this weekend. I've got to meet Marilyn at her parents for 6:00 on Saturday. I told her we had plans to play golf so I didn't have to spend the day over there. I figured that instead of playing 18 holes we'd play 9. Then after a quick lunch we'd go to the adult bookstore where I bought your cage."

"Okay, that sounds good so far, tell me more."

"My idea is that you will put your cage on before I pick you up. You will get your clubs out of your trunk and lock the key inside. We will golf and then go to the bookstore. I'm sure we can find something fun to do while we're there."
