 This is the ninth story in my Oral Friends series. This story, like all my others, is pure fantasy. It comes from my perverted little brain almost too easily. I hope you enjoy it. Sorry it's been so long since my last submission. 

**********

Hi, my name is Phil. If you've been reading my other tales you know that my best friend, Rich, and I are 'friends with benefits'. Almost a year ago now I approached Rich with my desire to engage in oral sex with another guy. Rich was interested and so began a new, deeper level in our friendship. Later, Rich's brother-in-law, Rod, joined us. Recently Rod's friend, Joe, was added to the mix.

In the last six months or so Rich has trusted us with his fantasy of being a submissive. I am his dominant, a position I take very seriously. We've had some very interesting adventures, exploring Rich's submissive fantasies; this is one of those tales.

At the time of this story it had been a few months since our adventure at the strip club. I was feeling the itch to have another adventure that could involve the four of us. I'd been wracking my brain for ideas when I finally came up with something. I was excited by the idea so I headed over to Rich's house to tell him all about it. I was pretty sure he'd love the idea but you never know.

I knocked on Rich's door and waited. Seconds later the door opened and I was greeted by the smiling face of my friend.

"Phil! Come in, Buddy," Rich said happily.

"Actually, I need to talk to you privately. Can you go for a walk?" I said softly.

Rich turned and hollered into the house to his wife the he was going for a walk with me and he'd be back in a little while. He closed the door and we set off.

We walked to the little park near our homes. This park was usually deserted at this time of night and tonight was no exception. We walked toward the picnic area and selected a table near the woods, one that was screened from the parking lot, just in case. We sat down facing each other across the table.

"Okay, Phil, what's up?" Rich asked excitedly. I smiled as well, Rich had an inkling that something was in the wind.

"I've been thinking..."

"Uh-oh, should I be worried?" he asked half in jest.

"I don't know. It depends on how you feel about another Slut adventure," I said with a grin.

Rich closed his eyes and sucked in a breath. "I was wondering when we'd be able to do another one. What do you have in mind?

"Remember our trip to the adult bookstore?"

"Of course! That was one of the most fun days of my life! What about it?"

"Remember you said it was too bad that you couldn't eat all that cum instead of having it on your face?" He nodded. "Well, I think I've figured out a way to make your wish come true."

"Oh my God! How?" he cried.

"Calm down, let me lay out the whole thing. You might not like the idea once you hear it."

"Yeah right! I'm about to cum in my pants just thinking about it! Go on, please!"

"Have you ever heard of bukkake?"

"No," Rich said confused. "I don't think I have."

"It's big in Japan and it involves a group of guys masturbating on the face of a young woman, one who usually dresses up like a schoolgirl. I was thinking that we could do something like that ourselves."

"What's different to what happened at the bookstore? How do we know the guys are clean?" Rich asked.

"Ah, that's the beauty of my plan. We advertise in one of those local adult papers for guys looking to do a male bukkake and we require medical proof that they are drug and disease free. I think if we specify a preference for married guys as well we should be okay." I paused, looking at Rich to see how he was reacting. "So, what do you think?"

The smile that split Rich's face game me my answer. "I love it! How many guys do you think we could get?'

"Besides Rod, Joe and me I'd like to get ten or twelve. Do you think you could handle that much cock *and* cum?"

"I think so," he said pondering the idea. "Yeah, I'm sure I could!"

Rich smiled and blushed a bit. "Especially with you there for encouragement. I know I could to it for you!"

"It's not going to be easy you know. With that many guys your mouth and jaw are gonna get a real workout. Remember, most of these guys are gonna cum twice and some could go three or four times. I figure it could take four hours or more."

Rich smiled again, even wider this time. "Well then I'll have to start training, won't I? I'll be counting on you to get me in shape!"

I chuckle and shook my head. "You're enjoying this way too much, Rich."

"What about the wives?" he said seriously.

"I got that covered. Once we get the arrangements settled we give them a spa weekend up north. They'll love it!"

"Yeah! That'll work great," Rich said happily.

"So, are we good to go?"

"You need to ask?" Rich said sarcastically.

I smiled at him, pleased that he was so happy. "Now, you mentioned something about cumming in your pants earlier. Since I can't have you going home with cum stained pants I think I should take care of the pRodlem for you."

I got up and walked around to Rich's side. "Drop your pants and sit on the table."

Rich stood, dropped his pants and hopped up, seating himself on the surface. I settled myself on the bench between his legs. Rich's cock was hard and leaking precum, it looked delicious.

I dropped my head and engulfed his cock, taking it as deep as I could in this position. By the groan that escaped Rich's throat I knew he was enjoying it was much as I was. I pulled off, stroking his cock as I spoke. "Think about it, Rich. Fifteen guys, twelve of them strangers, are going to see you in your cage." I stopped, took another suck, then continued. "I'm going to make sure they all know you're my slut and will do almost anything for me."

Rich caught my eye and smiled. "Anything. I trust you," he said softly.

I smiled and went back to sucking. I noticed Rich's balls were tightening so I backed off, wanting to postpone his cumming for a while. "You're gonna suck so much cock you won't want to look at another one for weeks, you know that, right?"

"Not gonna happen, Phil," Rich said through clenched teeth. "Any time you pull out that cock of yours I'll be there to suck it!"

"I'll have to remember that!" I went back down on his cock, licking his ball and then sliding up to engulf the head.

"Oh fuck! Phil, I'm cumming!" Rich growled.

I pulled back until just his cock head was in my mouth. Spurt after spurt of hot, sweet cum filled my mouth as I stroked him, making sure I got every last drop. I carefully pulled away then swallowed noisily. Rich was lying, collapsed, on the table breathing heavily. I stroked his softening cock, enjoying the way it twitched in my hand.

"Come on, Buddy," I said extending my hand to help him up. "We need to get home before the wives come looking for us."

Rich pulled up his pants, walking beside me shakily.

"How soon can you make this happen?" Rich asked. "I'm ready right now but I have to be realistic too."

"I hope we can have things all set up in two or three months."

"That long?" Rich said disappointedly.

"There are gonna be a lot of guys to weed through, at least I hope so. I need to be very sure of who attends. Your safety is the most important thing to me. If I'm not happy with a guy he doesn't get within a mile of you!"

"I appreciate that, Phil," Rich said with a smile. "I want this, real bad, but I'll wait until you have things all set up."

"Why don't you let Rod and Joe know about our plans? Maybe they can help you get in shape for your 'big performance'."

"That's a great idea! I'm gonna need all the help I can get!" he said chuckling.

By the time we arrived at Rich's house it was dark. There are very few street lights in our neighborhood and Rich's house was the darkest on the street. I glanced around, Rich and I were the only people out on the street. I got a wicked idea that I was sure Rich would love. I directed him to the darkest corner of his lot, near the bushes. He looked at me, confused.

"I think it's time for your first practice session, Slut!" I growled. I unzipped my fly and hauled my rapidly hardening cock out. I turned my back to the street and directed Rich to his knees. I knew the chances of us being seen were minimal but the risk was there.

"You told me you wanted to suck me off on your front lawn, well here's your chance. Suck me, Slut!" I hissed.

Even though it was dark I could see the gleam in his eyes. "Yes, Sir!" he said as he about swallowed my cock. I knew we needed to be very quiet so as not to draw attention to ourselves, from the street or from the house. I clamped my teeth together, breathing through my nose.

Rich was like a wild man. This wasn't a blowjob it was an attack! I could hear him slurping as his lips traveled up and down my cock and he was moaning loudly.

"Quiet, Slut! Do you want your wife to catch us?" I hissed in a whisper. Rich didn't let up, in fact he seemed to become even more frenzied, but he did quiet down.

I could feel my balls tightening, it wouldn't be long now! "Cumming!" I whispered as I dumped my load in my best friend's mouth. My orgasm seemed to last forever but soon my balls were empty.

Rich pulled off, swallowing twice to get it all down. He gently grasped by cock and tucked me away, zipping up my pants, then he stood, smiling brightly.

"Thank you, Sir," Rich said softly. "I enjoyed my first practice session very much!"

"I'm glad, Rich," I said. "I hope you enjoyed yourself?"

"I loved it! You sure know how to turn me on, don't you?" he said sounding amazed. "I thought I was going to faint from excitement sucking you like that!"

"I know! You just about attacked me. I'm gonna have to check my cock for damage when I get home." I chuckled.

"No need, Phil, I'd never do anything to damage that lovely cock of yours!" he said as he cupped me through my pants.

Something that had just transpired popped into my head. "Hey Rich, when I told you to be quiet so Joan wouldn't catch us you seemed to react to that. Want to tell me about it?"

Rich dropped his head and shuffled his feet. "I don't know what to say, Phil. Just thinking about Joan seeing me on my knees, sucking your cock, right there on our front lawn was so humiliating but so exciting at the same time. Even though I don't want her to know about us thinking about her watching is very exciting in a way."

"It sure is," I said thoughtfully. "It's too bad we can't include our wives. I bet they'd love to watch Slut do his stuff!"

"Stop it!" Rich groaned. "You're gonna drive me crazy!" He laughed but I could see the idea appealed to him on a certain level.

I held up my hands in a gesture of surrender. "Okay, okay! I get it." I slapped him on the back as we made our way to his front door. "Goodnight, Rich. I'm gonna start on this first thing in the morning."

I turned around and headed home, my mind racing with the possibilities.

**********

MEN WANTED: I need some men to make my male sub's fantasy come true. Must be clean, drug and disease free with papers to prove it. Married men preferred. Contact Phil at BOX 369 for more info. SERIOUS INQUIRIES ONLY!

The ad had been running in the local adult paper for a week and I'd already had over 100 responses. As I expected the vast majority were bogus, but the few good ones made it to the next level; a meeting. I wanted to look these guys in the eye and gauge their seriousness. After two more weeks running the ad and meeting with about 30 guys I had the list of 12 guys lined up. I got everyone's email addresses so I could let them know the time and the place.

Our wives were flabbergasted when we told them of our plans to give them a spa weekend. They picked a date three weeks from now so I made the reservations, for them and for us. I picked the best hotel in town because they had the largest suites. I needed a large living area because there would be 15 guys in that room and I didn't want to be crowded in there. The suite came with two large bedrooms which worked out well. I knew Rod and Joe would want to stay over which suited me fine as I had a plan that would include them the next morning.

When I had made the reservations the manager wasn't too happy about me having 15 guys in for a party. I assured him that we were just going to play cards, shoot the breeze and watch movies and there would be no liquor in the room. He seemed pleased but still warned me that I'd be responsible if things got out of hand. I assured him we wouldn't cause any trouble.

I assigned Joe and Rod to refreshment duty so we'd have plenty of snacks and drinks for the evening. I also called my friend Ken at the adult bookstore for a special order item. I had a surprise for Rich that I was sure he'd love.

I sent out the final email detailing the time and place for our party. I reminded everyone to wear as little as possible, I suggested shirt, pants and shoes only, so they wouldn't have to deal with a lot of clothes at the end of the evening. I'd done everything I could to make the evening a success, all I could do now was wait.

**********

The weekend of the party finally arrived. Rich and I kissed our wives goodbye early that Saturday. They would be spending the day being pampered and then they would attend a play in the evening. The package even included brunch on Sunday morning. They planned to be back early Sunday afternoon, well rested from their day of pampering.

I called Rich after the wives left, telling him I'd pick him up at two. He was to shave himself and pack only a toiletry bag as he'd have no need for a change of clothes once we got to the room. I told him to put on the cage but to give the key to me, as I would need it later in the evening.

At two o'clock precisely I picked Rich up. He sprinted down the driveway, holding his toiletry case in his hand. He opened the door and quickly seated himself, tossing his bag in the back seat with mine. I held out my hand and Rich dropped the key into it. He then stripped his pants to his feet, spreading his legs wide as he did so.

I reached over, running my fingers over his balls, checking them for smoothness.

"Nice job, Slut, nice and smooth, just the way I like them."

"Thank you, Sir," Rich said as I put the car in gear, pulling away from the curb. We drove in silence for a few minutes but I could see that Rich was excited and nervous.

"Are you ready for tonight, Slut?"

Rich turned to face me, his eyes alight with excitement. "Yes, Sir, I sure am. I can't wait to suck all those nice hard cocks!"

I chuckled as I drove. "I'm sure you can't. I confirmed with everyone so there should be fifteen guys, including Rod, Joe and me, so you should get quite a workout!"

I had picked up the key to the suite earlier in the day so when we pulled into the lot we went straight to our room. As soon as we entered Rich started stripping.

"What are you doing, Slut?" I asked angrily.

Rich looked at me, obviously confused. "Taking off my clothes, Sir. I'm going to be naked this weekend, aren't I?"

"Yes, you are, but not right now. I want you to strip in front of the guys, you know, tease them a bit. This way they'll be surprised when they see your cage."

"I understand, Sir," Rich said as he put his clothes back on.

We were interrupted by a knock on the door. Opening it, I was greeted by the smiling faces of Rod and Joe. I stepped back to allow them access and motioned for them to enter. We shook hands all around as it had been a while since the last time we'd gotten together.

"God, I can't believe this is happening!" Rod said.

"*You* can't believe it?" Rich said, "You're not the one who's going to be sucking off fifteen guys!"

Everyone broke up laughing at that.

"I know, I just can't believe I'm going to be a part of it!" Rod said.

"Me too," piped in Joe. "I can't believe that in less than three hours there's gonna be fifteen naked guys here all of them feeding Slut their cum!"

"Believe it, Boys! I worked my ass off to make this happen. I'm going to enjoy seeing Slut take all that cock as much as he's going to." I paused noticing that Rod and Joe had come in empty handed. "By the way, where are the refreshments?"

"In the car," Rod said. "I was hoping we could borrow a cart from the hotel."

I called down and had a cart delivered then the four of us went to load it. Soon we had everything set up, the snacks in bowls and the drinks in ice. With nothing to do for another two hours we settled in and watched the game.

I had told everyone to arrive no earlier than six and no later than seven; I wanted to get the show on the road without too much waiting around. As six o'clock approached I instructed Rod to greet everyone, collect their medical paperwork then have them pick a number from a box I set by the door. At two minutes past six the first knock on the door sounded.

I stood up, clapping my hands. "Showtime!" I said excitedly. "Come with me, Slut."

Rich and I entered the left hand bedroom and closed the door. Rich sat on the bed but soon he popped back up and started pacing.

"Calm down, Slut, you'll do fine. I have confidence in you."

"Thanks for the vote of confidence, Sir. I won't let you down," Rich said sincerely.

"You couldn't, Slut. No matter what happens tonight I'm very proud of you." I put my hand on Rich's shoulder and gestured for him to sit on the bed. "I have a present for you, Slut."

"A present?" Rich said as I pulled a box out of my overnight bag. Walking to the bed I stood in front of him and handed him the box.

With shaking hands Rich tore the paper off the package. He pulled off the cover and pushed back the tissue paper, revealing the contents. Inside the box lay a collar of thick black leather.

Rich looked at me, back to the box, and back at me. With a shaking hand he pulled the object out, reverently. The collar was about two inches wide with a heavy buckle and clasp at the end. In the middle of the collar was a silver nameplate.

"Read what it says, out loud."

Rich turned the collar in his hands so he could see the plate. "Phi..." he swallowed to clear his throat. "Phil's Slut," he said proudly.

"Now everyone will know you're my slut," I said as I took the collar from his hands. "Stand up."

I moved behind him and slipped the collar around his neck, sliding the end through the buckle, I pulled it tight. "How's that," I asked, 'not too tight?"

"No, Sir, it's fine."

Reaching into my pocket I pulled out the lock, fitting it in place.

"Now you truly belong to me," I said as I snapped the lock shut.

"I always have, Sir," Rich said softly. He stepped over to the mirror so he could see how he looked wearing his new present. His hands rose to the collar, his fingers running over it, outlining the silver plate. "It's beautiful, Sir. I'll wear it proudly."

He turned then knelt at my feet. "How did you know?"

"How did I know you wanted to be collared?" Rich nodded. "I've been reading too you know. A major theme of D/s stories is being collared. Besides, I figured if caging your cock pleased you collaring you would too."

"You know me so well, Sir! Thank you!"

"You're welcome, Slut. Now that you truly belong to me I have some new rules for you. From now on, whether you are clothed or naked, you are to assume the presentation position when directed."

"Presentation position, Sir?"

"Yes, you will spread your knees as far apart as you can get them. You will sit up straight with your head held high and your arms behind you." Rich quickly assumed the position as I'd described it. "Very good, Slut. I want everyone who sees you to know that you are my proud Slut. I want your eyes on me, not on the floor."

"Yes, Sir."

"When we play you are to put on your collar as well as your cage. You will keep both keys in the trunk of your car, as you do now with the cage key."
