 The story I am about to express actually happened to me. I just changed a few names and the locations for their privacy. Otherwise, I will try to tell it just as I recall it happening.

I arrived in Phoenix late, having driven for most of the afternoon. Mike was expecting me but not sure when I would be coming into town. We had made plans to spend Friday and Saturday evenings together catching up on what had been happening in Albuquerque since he left for his new job.

We had become fast friends when he lived in Albuquerque but one thing always had me just a bit curious about Mike. He loved his posters of various famous celebrities that he had hanging throughout his apartment. I am not saying that I have never had posters of celebrities also at my place but these celebrities were all males. The thing is he never really said much about them. Just that he liked his collection of posters. Often when I visited his place, we would watch action or science fiction videos. I guess a lot of the same celebrities that he had posters of were also in those movies.

He would workout with me at a local club and went out to have lunch or a drink together. Generally, I enjoyed the times we relaxed and did these things together. After he left, we would sometimes chat on the internet when I found him online. Often, he would say he had been instant messaging with someone that he had met online. It was cool, since I often did the same thing. But in a way, I missed our get togethers after work. Since I did not have family living nearby, he had been a good friend to spend some rather lonesome times with.

Then one day at work, I was informed that I would need to go get some training in Phoenix. I called Mike to see if I could bunk out at his place when I was expected to take the trip. 

"Sure, Dominick, I would love to have come you stay over."

When I arrived at his new apartment, I found a note on his door saying that he was playing pool at a nearby bar and to come join him and play a few rounds. 

I left my luggage in the storage closet next to his apartment and walked over to the bar across the street from his apartment. I found Mike there shooting pool with two other guys. They invited me to join them to play as teams. 

Since I am not being a very good pool player, I told Mike that I would play just a few rounds but then I would need to get some rest if he could give me a key to his place. He complied.

After loosing both games, I left while he continued to play with his two other friends. I went to his place and opened up the hide-a-bed that he told me about. I then turned on his TV and started looking through his video and DVD collection.

Wow! Did I find some interesting movies. He not only had action films and science fiction, but also alot of musicals and romance films. I had never thought he would be interested in those genres of films, but then I noticed one other film too. It was a film with an all male cast. Not just any kind of film, but one with lots of sex. That is sex with other guys. I had just found a gay movie. Kewl!!!

You see, I had been slightly curious about what it might be like to be with another guy so I decided to check it out. The scene that it was cued to, however, showed a young guy getting fucked up the ass by another guy. I watched for a couple minutes but was not very excited by the actual activities in the scene, so I turned it off and put in "West Side Story". 

I guess I must have fallen asleep, because the next thing I knew, the TV had been turned off and I could hear light snoring. At that point, I realized I had to use the bathroom, so I got up to use it and in doing so passed Mike's room.

You wouldn't believe what I saw!

His door was wide open and he was asleep all right, but not alone. Another guy was sharing the bed with him. I could not make out if it was one of the guys we had been playing pool with but what really caught my attention though was both of them didn't have a stitch on. Mike was facing the other way and his friend had his arm around him, holding him in close. I almost decided to see if I could get a closer look and felt a strong desire to even join them in the bed. Instead, I just watched for a couple minutes and went back to my bed.

The next morning, when I awoke his friend was gone and Mike was just getting ready to step out the door to go to work. He told me to keep the key for the day and lock up when I left for my class. He would be home about 4 and if I was done with class then we could go get a bite or if not he would wait for me.

It was a boring day of classes but I anticipated an interesting evening. When I returned to Mike's place he was there waiting and said he had just made a reservation for us at a local restaurant and that we could wait at the park next to it if I liked.

"Mike, how about we just watch one of these videos until it is time to go?" I asked.

"Sure, whatever you like," was his response.

"How about this one?" raising up the blue film I had found the night before.

"Oh, that," he responded a bit taken aback, "That belongs to a friend of mine." 

"Is it okay if we watch it together then?"

"Okay," he replied kind of embarrassed.

As it was rewinding, I asked Mike, "Could you tell me why your friend has his videos here?"

"Well, his TV doesn't work very well and he likes to have me watch them with him too."

"Is your friend one of the guys we played pool with last night?"

"Yeah," Mike answered kind of quizzically.

"How about is he the guy I saw you in bed with last night?"

"What? You saw me with him last night? I thought you were asleep when we came in."

"Well, Mike, I did have to take a piss during the night and you did leave your bedroom door open, so yeah, I saw him, I mean both of you."

"OK, then I guess you should know that he's my boyfriend, Chad."

"Oh." I replied rather deflated. I had really hoped he was just a friend but added, "Do you do other things besides watch this movie together and sleep together?"

"Yeah, we do," Mike responded nonchalantly.

"Well, Mike could I tell you something?"

"Sure."

"I've been kind of curious about something ever since Debbie and I first made out and I was wondering if you could help me out with what makes me curious?"

"Depends, on what you're asking about."

"Not much really. It's just that I have been wondering what it would be like ... not really sure how to say this, since I have never actually said it out loud."

"Take your time, Dominick, I'm listening."

"Well, I have been wondering ever since Debbie ... ever since she ...," biting my lip trying to get the nerve to continue, "since she sucked my cock, what it felt like to be in her place."

"I don't quite get you. What do you mean?"

"Well, I've wondered what it would be like to a...." contemplating how to continue without freaking my friend out in my request. I finally decided to just out and say it would be best so I continued, "What it would be like to suck another guy's cock. I mean, Mike, could I?" I looked into his eyes hopefully. "Could I suck on your cock?"

Mike was taken aback. What an offer I had just made.

"Welllll...," he answered kind of hesitantly.

"Mike, its not that I'm not asking that you reciprocate or anything. I just wondered if you would let me try it on you?"

"Dominick, I really like you but I'm not sure that would be a good idea to do that with you. It could really hurt our friendship and ... besides ... like I said I do have a boyfriend."

"But Mike, the fact that we are such good friends is exactly why I feel comfortable asking you this. Please, I have fantasized about it for such a lonnnng time. I mean a really long. Please, let me try it with you just this once."

"Well, let me think about. Maybe we can try it before you head back to Albuquerque. Okay?" He tried to refocus the conversation by adding, "Well, we better get going, I think our reservation time will be coming up by the time we get there."

We never did get around to watching the video on the TV, but left it in the VCR just in case we decided to watch it later. We arrived at the Olive Garden and I noticed a theater next to the restaurant.

"Mike, how about checking out a movie over there after finish eating?" I pointed out.

"OK, wonder what's playing? Let's go check out the shows and times before we go for our reservation. That way we know when to be back out here if a show we like is playing."

We both decided we wanted to see the new Zorro film that was showing. I wanted to see it mainly because it was an action film which I love to watch but Mike wanted to see it for a completely different reason which he wasn't willing to share just yet. As it turned out, we had a plenty of time to enjoy our supper first since the next show wasn't for another hour and a half. I had a spaghetti dinner and slurped the noodles quietly but kept thinking about something else I still wanted to slurp on. I just couldn't seem to get my fantasy out of my head.

As we entered the theater, I found out why Mike was so interested in seeing the movie. It starred one of his favorite actors. Let's face it. Mike had the hots for the guy. What I liked best about the movie though was that we got to actually watch it in private, because the rest of the theater was still empty for this showing. I watched his reactions to seeing the actor on the screen. He almost seemed to be worshipping the guy. He even licked his lips a few times when the screen showed shots of him in his entirety. I just knew he was getting turned on and only hoped it would benefit me for my plans.

About halfway through the movie I asked, "Mike, are you fantasizing about that guy playing Zorro?"

"Sure, who wouldn't?"

I noticed a bulge was forming in his pants.

"Well, actually, at the moment..." I whispered as I placed my hand on his leg. 

I could tell it was having a positive affect on him. He didn't even pull back on my forward gesture like he had earlier.

"Dominick, are you definately sure you really want to do what you asked me earlier?"

"Yes, Mike, I reallllly want to," I begged. I put my arm around him, leaving my opposite hand on his leg. He placed his hand on my leg too. That got me soooo excited. I thought I might even cum in my pants if we stayed at the theater much longer.

"OK, do you want to stay and watch the rest of the movie or shall we just go back to the apartment now?"

"Ohh, please, Mike, let's go now."

I couldn't believe it. My fantasy was finally going to come true. I slid my hand higher up his leg and gave him a quick kiss as I squeezed his crotch before we left the solace of the theater. I was getting hard with anticipation. 

My only concern was what to do about my hardon if we met anyone on the sidewalk from his car to his apartment. I thought I would be extremely embarrassed if we did. As it turned out, the drive back to his place had somewhat of a calming effect as I rested my head against his strong arm and kept fondling his crotch area. When we reached his apartment, I practically dragged him back into his place though. Then, we went and sat on his living room couch and kissed each other.

"How about if we watch some of the video now since it's still in the VCR?" Mike asked.

Smiling I replied, "Sure!!!"

He went to turn on the show and we watched as we caressed each other's crotch.

The scene was so similar to what I witnessed when I first saw Mike in bed with Chad. Two guys in bed with one just holding the other in his arms, then turning him around to play with his cock. I could tell Mike was getting very turned on and hard. I wanted to see, feel and taste his cock so bad.

"May I see your prick now?"

He responded by initially starting to unzip his pants but I wanted to do that so I finished unzipping it and unbuttoned them too so I could get a good look.

He had the biggest tent in his shorts, I reached in and took out his penis. 

Mike's cock was circumcised just like mine and I guessed it to be about seven or eight inches since it's about an inch longer then mine. I embraced his erection in the palms of my hands. I thought it was so beautiful and remarkably hard. The best part though, however, was what I saw at the tip of it - a drop of clear, sticky liquid. The sight of that just made the anticipation of feeling his stiffness between my lips all the more enticing. 

I leaned down and licked up his salty precum. Mmmmmm. I had no idea it would be so tasty. After licking it all up, I looked up at Mike. His eyes were closed but he had a gigantic smile on his face and he was still rubbing my crotch. I knew then that he loved my oral caresses.

I sat up, still stroking his cock and whispered in his ear, "Mmmm. Mike you are so delicious."

"Do you want more?" Mike asked.

"Ohhh, yes!!!"

He pushed my head back down and I opened up my lips to his luscious sausage and started sucking him. Meanwhile, he unzipped my pants. After just a few seconds, he readjusted himself so he could get me into a 69 with him. Damn, it was so exciting I started to cum right away. Mike swallowed every drop I delivered into his mouth as I continued to slide him in and out of my own mouth. Just as he was licking up the last of my cum, he started to cum in my mouth too. Although I couldn't keep up with his creaming in my mouth, I decided at that point, it was the best thing I had ever tasted.

"Thanks, Mike. I am so glad you let me try that with you. I really loved it."

"If you want, we can do more," Mike responded.

"Oh, yeah, you have more cum to feed me?"

"Actually, I was thinking maybe we could fuck if you like."

"Thanks for the offer, Mike, but I think I just want to stick to blowing this sausage of yours, OK?"

For a second, Mike just responded with a very pleased smile and groan.

Then he added, "Well, if you change your mind...." Sitting back up he continued, "Want to get back to watching the video?"