 Foreword

 After reading a few stories placed in the Roman Empire I decided to write a few myself. These stories won't show Rome like the kind you saw in old Hollywood movies, I intend to show the Rome the way Romans saw it. Language will be modernized. I won't use their own words and syntax, but instead modern language to express their thoughts. Somewhat like The knights' tale, only taking place in Rome.

The story is happening at the end of the 1st century. Location: Rome, urbs eterna. The protagonist is a young slave, Montanus, and this is the story of his rise to power.

* * * * * *

Prologue

I don't remember much of my early childhood, only faint images. I remember a village in the north, cold and snowy. My parents, I don't recall their faces, only voices remain. My next memory is of a fire, everything burning in the winter night, warriors plundering, killing, raping, everyone dead. These warriors took me as a slave with them, far to the south, their homeland, The Roman Empire.

I was sold at a market. I must have been around 4 or 5 years old then. From todays' point of view, I had incredible luck. An elderly patrician bought me as a playmate for his son, Aurelius. He also gave me a name, Montanus. I don't remember what my name was before that.

I had a fairly good childhood after that. I received quite an education while keeping Aurelius company. My master treated me well, I was rarely punished, and wasn't molested, what itself was a rarity. And I wasn't stupid, I knew my role and how to play my cards right. Keep the kid happy, stay out of trouble and enjoy every bit of life you can get.

I lost my virginity to Aurelius when I was 15, and he lost his to me. Pleasing him was a new role that I had to fulfil. We were almost like brothers so it wasn't much trouble. Life was ok until one day my master was accused of conspiring against the Emperor. Everyone knew this was a lie, but a serious charge came from a serious place, a powerful bureaucrat from the imperial palace, someone my master made an enemy of long ago.

Praetorians stormed the villa, imprisoned everyone. My master was thrown to the lions in the arena, his property confiscated by the state, household members and slaves were to be sold at the slave market. I am 18 years old and to be sold at the market again.

* * * * *

Chapter I. – Oak breaks, reed bends

'Attention good buyers, here I have the finest specimen in all of the Empire.' the slave-trader exclaimed pointing at me. '6'5'' tall, weighting 190 lbs, Nordic good looks, strong enough to rip of a bulls' tail, healthy as a horse, educated, speaks Greek. Whether you need a gladiator, a teacher, or if you're looking for pleasure, this one's got it all.' he added.

Soon the bidding started, quite lively I must say. If I hadn't been despairing over my future I would have found myself complimented as the final bid came to 2500 Sestercia, well above the initial price of 600. 'Sold to Iuvenal Maximus' the slave-trader proclaimed. My new master was in his late twenties, 6' tall, round 160 lbs, muscular, dark tanned. The last that I saw of Aurelius and his household was when I left the market following my new master to his home.

It was quite a walk to my new home. During the time we got there I got a few glimpses of my new master, and I was worried. I knew that my cushy life so far came to an end, and I knew that whatever future had in store for me I didn't like. We got to my masters' villa suburbana, not as lavish as the villas in the city, but still its' existence showed wealth. As we entered my master took me to the atrium.

I was ordered to strip, because my master decided to check if I was healthy and whole. After he was done feeling my body, he cuffed me with shackles to one of the pillars. As he briefly explained, now he was gonna show me who the master in this household was. I knew what was coming, getting whipped to remind you that you're a slave.

'Taste my whip bitch!' my master yelled, as his whip struck my back. A searing pain struck my entire body, I jumped forward, throwing my body onto the pillar, yet I stayed in place, hanging from the shackles above. I let out an animal scream, and started doing my job, begging, begging for mercy, promising obedience. He struck me again, and again and again. I screamed, and I begged, then I screamed some more, and begged even harder. He was laughing and enjoying the show.

Once my master was finished I was just a piece of bruised, tortured meat hanging from the shackles above. Unable to move, unable to speak, unable to beg, unable to cry. After a few minutes he uncuffed me and threw my bleeding body into the pool in the center of the atrium. As my body was washed he grabbed my hair and forcefully pulled me out of the pool and threw me on the floor.

Still gasping for air, I opened my eyes and saw my master standing over me. With one move, he removed his tunic, showing me his erect manhood. I wasn't naïve, I knew what was expected of me and I knew I had no choice. He grabbed me by my hair and pulled my head up, my mouth facing his cock. Irrumatio, I'll handle it.

As I opened my mouth he shoved his manhood in my mouth and began pumping, so far my master is being gentle, I can breathe. I knew my destiny depended on pleasing him, and pleasing him like he had never been pleased before. I sucked with all my might, my tongue whipping the corona of his penis. He started thrusting deeper into my mouth, I was almost gagging, but I sucked even harder.

'An obedient slave… good… yeah, suck harder bitch…' my master exclaimed between his moans of pleasure. He began forcing his cock deep into me, I was gagging, but I knew I had no other choice but to comply. I was in luck, soon the irrumatio began boring him. He pulled out his swollen manhood out of my mouth. Finally I got a chance to catch my breath, but not long.

Immediately he grabbed my hair and threw me down on the floor, head down, butt up. Ass fucking, I'll handle it, everything is better than the whip. Or so I thought. As he lowered himself onto my back, his sweaty body lying on my bleeding back, My back started burning, I was convulsing in pain, screaming from the bottom of my lungs as my tortured back burned from his salty sweat.

He laughed and pushed my buttocks apart. His engorged member touched my anus and then forcefully slid all the way in. I was screaming, but not because of my ass, my back were hurting worse and worse, the pain in my ass was good in a way, it kept my mind away from my back. He was humping me and moaning. I screamed, I begged and I cried. I was broken, bruised and defeated, and I didn't even fight, I wasn't allowed to, I was to suffer.

Finally, with a loud moan of pleasure my master filled my ass with his juices. As he moved off me I was relieved as the pain began to ease. He threw me again into the pool to wash and jumped after me to get my blood off his chest. I couldn't lift myself up, my master grabbed my hair again and pulled me out of the pool and dragged me towards the kitchen.

Once again, he forcefully threw me onto the floor of the kitchen. 'Have fun with my new asset and feed him latter' my master said to the other slaves in the room and left grinning. I looked up and saw 6 strong tall men, their bodies covered with old scars, some with new bruises, two were Nordic, two I'd say were Greek, one Nubian and one Cartesian.

One of them, a Greek, came towards me and said 'What's your name boy?'

'Montanus' I replied, still finding it hard to move and speak.

'Well, my pretty Montanus, you're safe for now. We'll take care of you. Now let me help you to the table. We have a lot ass fucking to do. Don't worry, we'll be gentle, we won't hurt you. We must fuck you or he'll butcher us like pigs. My name is Paris, relax and try to enjoy.' the Greek said. He grabbed me up and gently placed me on the edge of the table my ass exposed in the air.

He wasn't lying. Next thing I know he gently pressed his manhood on my crack and easily entered. He was fucking me slow and nice. He grabbed my cock and started stroking me at the same pace he was beating my ass. He was enjoying it, so was I. After all the pain I've been, the feeling of pleasure was a whole new sensation. My entire body enjoyed his every thrust. And I made sure that my new friend knew this. Every thrust he made I rewarded with a moan of pleasure.

Soon I had spilled a huge load of hot cum on the cold stony floor. Paris was thrusting deep and fast and soon had spilled his load deep into my ass. As he pulled out, he gently touched my head and said 'Thank you, friend.'

Immediately, another stood up, a Nordic. 'My name is Hrothgar' he said. 'Me from Markoman.' he added. So, he's from a Germanic tribe in the transalpine provinces, doesn't seem to speak Latin well. He continued where Paris stopped. And he was just as good to me. My meat was throbbing, my ass enjoying every thrust. Each touch was medicine for my tortured body.

Eventually he had cum as well. Then came Dalev from Pannonia, then Carcares from Leptis Parva. Dionisius from the island of Issa took me after him, and Batu of Khartoum took me last. I don't know which one I enjoyed more. I must have cum at least 4 times. After I was too exhausted to move. Carcares and Dionisius lifted me up and seated me on the bench. Dalev brought me a lot of food and I ate every last bit, as my exhausted body was begging for nourishment. Paris showed me to a small bed in a dark room behind the kitchen.

I feel asleep as soon as my body touched the bed. I dreamt. I had a dream of being free. A dream in which I fought against impossible odds and won. Won my freedom, my life and my destiny. After a good rest I woke up, and knew that this dream was my destiny. I stood up and swore to myself 'Fight and be free!' It was time to beat Rome at its' best…

To be continued in Orbis Romanus Ch. 2

Seven against Rome

Roman sex techniques:

Irrumatio was the favourite form of oral sex among ancient Romans. The technique is now called thrusting. The guy that doesn't move, the guy that gets blown does all the work by pushing his cock in and out of the other guys' mouth. Basically mouth/throat fucking. The passive guy is can only use his tongue. Try this and have fun.