 Oral Friends Eight—Strip Club Adventure Part 2

This is the eighth story in my series. Each story is strictly fantasy. This is the product of my perverted brain! LOL. This one I have broken into two parts due to the length.

This story also recounts events from previous stories but told from the viewpoint of Rich. I hope you aren't too bored and I hope hearing Rich's thoughts on the events will make up for it.

**********

The four of us left the cabin a little after 9:00 PM, we wanted to be able to get a table towards the back so we could relax and watch the show before our guys went on. I had advised Rich and Joe to wear flip-flops to the show. After all there is no smooth, sexy way for a guy to take off his shoes and socks! We arrived about an hour before the amateur portion of the program was due to start at 11:00.

We walked up to the door and were told that there was a $5.00 cover charge but that was waived for anyone registering for amateur night. The club gave each of the participants' three free drink coupons for entering as well. Rod and I paid our $5.00 while Rich and Joe walked over to another table to register. Rod and I grabbed a table and waited for the other guys to arrive. I set the bag I had brought with me on the floor. We ordered a round of drinks and settled down to watch the show.

It was odd sitting in male strip club and seeing all the women going wild over the dancers. Rich and Joe were watching the guys dance, trying to pick up some moves I suppose. The women in the club ignored us, for the most part, but we did see a few other groups of men arriving so we assumed at least some of them were going to be in the show as well. About 10:55 PM the announcer called for all the contestants to come to the dressing room area.

"Good luck, guys," I said enthusiastically. "Shake those little moneymakers!"

Rich and Joe grinned like Cheshire cats. They didn't care if they won or not, the object of the night was to expose themselves to a room of screaming women, the money was secondary. I glanced down at the table and saw Joe's box.

"Joe, you forgot something!" I called. Joe ran back quickly, looking embarrassed.

"I'm sorry, I'm kinda nervous," Joe said.

"Don't worry," I said encouragingly. "Just enjoy yourself, that's all that matters."

"Thanks again," Joe said as he hurried off.

Rod and I talked about the show to come, speculating on how many guys there might be. We figured if there weren't too many guys the odds of Rich or Joe winning, due to their unique accoutrements if nothing else, was that much greater.

"I wish I had the courage to do that," Rod said wistfully.

"Hey it's not your thing, that's all," I said seriously. "Rich and Joe love this. They love to show off in front of others. I couldn't do it either, that's for sure!"

"Thanks, Phil. I really appreciate your positive attitude," he said. "I also want to thank you again for letting Joe into our group. He and I have gotten very close over the last few weeks and I'd be disappointed if I couldn't share all this with him." 

"I like Joe. He's a fun guy who really enjoys what we do. I'm glad you suggested him to Rich."

About that time the announcer's voice came over the loud speakers.

"Ladies, our amateur night is about to start! Please remember these guys are *not* professionals. They are your brothers, friends, husbands, or sons. Give them a break, give them your attention, and most of all, give them your applause!"

A cheer went up in the room, the ladies clapping wildly.

"All right, ladies, let's give it up for Charlie!"

Since the dancer wasn't Rich or Joe we didn't pay a lot of attention to him. He was a decent dancer and he got some catcalls from the women sitting at the rail but there wasn't much electricity. Each guy got two songs, one to take his clothes off to and the other to strut his stuff to. It was a good thing this club was out in the boonies. The clubs in the city didn't allow full nudity, for men or women.

The evening progressed with two more dancers before I heard the announcement we'd been waiting for.

"Ladies, please put your hands together for Rich!"

Rod and I directed our attention to the stage, our fingers crossed for our friend. Rich came out from behind the curtain dancing as he'd seen the pros do; he shook his hips and bent down, showing how his butt filled out his pants. Since he only had two songs he quickly removed his shirt, throwing it back toward the curtain. Rich was in pretty good shape for a guy his age and he was sucking it in to make himself look more buff. He made one pass around the stage, stopping to thrust his hips out to some of the women. When he got to the back of the stage he stripped off his pants, revealing the black thong he was wearing, and kicked them to the curtain as well.

You could hear the women start to wonder what was in Rich's thong. The atmosphere in the room had changed perceptibly. You couldn't tell what was in there, but his package looked different, that was for sure. Rich could tell the song was coming to an end so he sped up his circuit around the stage, pausing only briefly to let the ladies look him over. He had reached the back of the stage just as the last strains of the song ended. Rich stood there for a second, his heavy breathing very obvious, with his back to the audience; his legs spread shoulder-width apart.

As the first notes of the second song started Rich moved his legs closer together, reached to the waistband of his thong and quickly tugged it to his knees where it fell to his feet. He kicked it so that it joined his other clothes then he spread his legs and bent over from the waist. The bright blue plastic of his cage shown against the whiteness of his legs and the lights glinted off the lock.

You could hear the collective gasp from the women in the audience. It was obvious that most of them had never seen anything like this before, nor would they ever again, probably.

Rich started his circuit of the stage, this time going very slowly, allowing the women to get a good look at him. Most of the people there wouldn't have noticed but I could see the smile on Rich's face from where I sat. Rich was in heaven! He started to move his hips causing the cage to swing and bounce.

The women in the audience woke up at this point and the catcalls really started in earnest.

"Yeah, baby, shake that thing!"

"That's the way all of those things should look! If my husband had one of those I wouldn't have had those last two kids!"

"Who owns that piece of meat, honey!"

"I'd love to own it! The things I could do with one of those!"

"I'd love to see all guys wearing one of those!"

The comments continued in this vein throughout the remainder of Rich's dance. Women were trying to grab at him but he pulled out of their reach, teasing them even more. He finished his circuit before the song ended so he danced to the center of the stage, getting down on his hands and knees. He bent over so that his head touched the floor and spread his legs widely. This served to showcase his cage hanging down, allowing it to swing freely. Rich humped his hips making it move around almost in a circle! As the last notes of the song came over the speakers Rich did something that even surprised me. He reached back with both hands, grabbed his butt-cheeks and spread himself as far as he could! The song ended and Rich scrambled off the floor, grabbed his clothes, and disappeared behind the curtain, but not before waving to the crowd.

The ladies erupted in applause and shouts such that Rich had to come out again and take a small bow before he disappeared behind the curtain again. I didn't know if Joe could top this but I looked forward to seeing him try. I had to pity the poor guy who came out next; it wasn't Joe, as Rich was a hard act to follow. The women were polite but somewhat subdued.

The next and last dancer it turned out was Joe. He strutted on stage with his box, setting it down near the pole the females used in their acts. I figured Joe was going to take his clothes off quickly because it would take at least a little time to put his rings on. He made his first pass, taking his shirt off along the way. He swung it around as he danced then he paused and dropped his pants as well. He picked them up and threw them, along with the shirt, toward the curtain and kept moving. The thong he wore didn't completely hold his nut sack so you could see things hanging out.

The women started to get excited again sensing something interesting might be happening soon. The song wasn't even half way through by the time Joe reached the back of the stage. Like Rich, Joe turned his back to his audience, shook his butt, and then stripped off the thong. Joe squatted down allowing his nut sack to hang free.

Again, as with Rich, the women started to comment on Joe's attribute with increasingly crude comments. Joe strutted his way around the stage, thrusting his cock out, causing his nut sack to swing wildly. The song was coming to an end and I knew Joe wanted to start putting his rings on before it ended. He moved to his box and quickly pulled out the first two rings. He turned around, snapped them into place and let his nut sack fall. The lights caught the steel rings making them shine brilliantly.

Joe didn't wait for the next song before starting his next pass around the stage. The weight of the rings exaggerated the movement of his nut sack and Joe reveled in swinging it in the faces of women who got close. He about ran back to the box and pulled out two more rings. This time he faced his audience as he put them in place, again dropping his package when he was done. This time there was a slight bounce from the extra weight as he danced. Joe was playing the crowd really well, getting right up to the edge and letting his nut sack swing so hard it slapped his butt on the backswing. The song was quickly reaching its midpoint so Joe knew he had to hurry. He pulled out four rings this time, snapping them into place quickly. This time there was less movement up and down as he danced because most of the slack was gone. Joe was still able to swing them forward and backwards as well as side to side.

I knew this was as far as Joe had planned to go but the women didn't want him to stop. They could tell there was still room between the top ring and his body. Soon shouts of "MORE, MORE, MORE!" rang out throughout the club. Joe shook his head no but smiled shyly. This boy knew how to tease a crowd. The shouts of "MORE, MORE, MORE!" grew in volume until Joe walked back to the box and removed the ninth ring, holding it in the air. He walked to the middle of the stage where the most women could see him. He reached down, grabbing his distended scrotum and held it steady. With his other hand he tried to slip the ring into place but it didn't quite want to fit. He took a deep breath and pulled down hard on his nut sack, creating just enough room for the ring to slip into place. He quickly snapped it shut and released his scrotum, standing up straight with his legs spread widely. The women erupted in a cheer as Joe smiled widely at his audience.

Joe's scrotum was stretched to its limit now. The ninth ring pressed tight against his body, his balls bulging at the other end. His nut sack was so stretched the skin covering his balls shone! When Joe started walking forward there was very little movement in this nut sack this time. It wobbled but didn't really swing much. Joe was smiling but you could tell he was experiencing some discomfort; though the excitement of the situation mitigated a lot of it. He walked slowly around the very edge of the stage letting the ladies get a good look at his fully stretched scrotum.

Joe could tell that the song was nearing its end so he decided to wind up his show. It was time for me to head backstage too, so I picked up the bag and headed to the side of the stage. When I got there a bouncer stopped me.

"No patrons in the back," he said.

"I'm with the guy on stage," I said holding up the bag in my hand. "I've got some clothes for him."

He looked at me skeptically but he allowed me to go backstage.

I stood in the wings, peeking out of the curtain so I could catch the end of Joe's act. Joe turned his back to the audience and again squatted down slowly, with his legs spread as wide as he could get them. He kept going until he felt his nuts come in contact with the floor and then stayed there. It was amazing to see how far his ass was off the floor while his nuts were completely in contact with it. He stood, again slowly, and bent over; closing his legs tightly so his scrotum stuck straight out, almost looking like a club was sticking out of his ass. As a finale he walked up to the strippers pole, grabbed his scrotum in his hand and actually whacked it against the metal pole, making a ringing sound that could be heard over the noise of the crowd. I could see a slight grimace on his face but that was all. Joe turned around, bowed to his audience and scooted off the stage, after collecting his clothes, to wild applause.

He saw me waiting in the wings and he shouted "I did it!" His smile was so big it dominated his face. I was proud of him. As they had done with Rich, the ladies clapped and hollered until Joe made another appearance. He bowed again, waved to his fans and then disappeared behind the curtain. I walked with Joe to a hallway where we could be heard more easily.

"How are you doing with the ninth ring?" I asked.

"I'm good. It was a bit rough at first but I'm getting used to it. I was going to add the ninth ring in a few weeks anyway so it's no big deal."

"Good, keep it on and wear these shorts when you come back to the table, Stretch. There's a pair in there for Slut too."

Joe smiled at the name and knew I was addressing him in my dominant persona. "Yes, Sir," he said.

I reached down and grabbed his nut sack, pulling it to me. "Take good care of my balls, Stretch," I said as I released him and walked back to the table.

Joe was the last dancer of the evening so now it was time to award the prize to the winner. The announcer called all the dancers back out and had them line up at the end of the stage. The prize was going to be based on applause from the crowd. The announcer stood behind each dancer and asked the crowd to applaud for the best dancer. There was a good amount of applause for each guy until the announcer got to Rich. The room erupted and Rich smiled and waved his thanks. The next guy didn't get much of a response which left Joe last. The audience again erupted in applause. It was hard to determine who had got the most response so the announcer asked for the crowd to applaud for Rich and Joe again. It was close, very, very close, but Joe won. Rich smiled and shook Joe's hand and the announcer handed Joe a check for $500.00. After thanking the dancers and the crowd, the announcer and the dancers left the stage.

Five minutes later Joe and Rich returned to the table, dressed in their shirts and the shorts I had given them, as excited as they could be. Joe handed me the bag with their other pants in it, which I put back under the table. They seated themselves and I ordered another round of drinks. "So," I said, "who wants to go first?"

Rich deferred to Joe since he was the winner of the contest. "I still can't believe this has happened! I was naked in front of a room full of women and they were all cheering me on! I actually put my rings on in public! Shit, this is a trip!"

"I know what you mean," Rich said. "I've been nude in public before but not like this! There had to be a hundred women here tonight and they all know that I have my cock caged so I can't play with it! They all know my cock belongs to someone else. I only wish I could have told them that it belongs to Phil!"

As Rich and Joe were talking I noticed that there were two young women, a blonde and a red head, at the next table looking at us and trying to hear what we were saying. I figured that Rich and Joe might enjoy a little more exposure and mild humiliation. I caught the eye of one of the women. "Would you ladies like to join us?" I asked.

The blonde looked at me, surprised that I might be talking to them. "Would you like to join us? We'd be pleased to have your company," I said invitingly.

The blonde, who seemed to be the leader, stood up and walked over to me.

"We'd love to, if you're sure you don't mind," she said with a smile.

"We'd love for you and your friend to join us, wouldn't we guys?" I said. A chorus of yeses erupted. The girls moved their chairs to our table, the blonde sitting on Joe's left and the red head on Rich's right.

"My name is Debby," the blonde said, "and this is my friend, Margo." The red head nodded in response.

"I'm Phil, next to me is Rod. Slut is the guy next to Margo and Stretch is next to you, Debby." I said with a smile.

Margo giggled, embarrassed. "I thought their names were Rich and Joe?"

"I didn't think it would be appropriate to use my names for them in the contest. In my presence they are Slut and Stretch."

Debby smiled slyly; she knew what the situation was. "So Slut's cock and Stretch's balls belong to you?"

"That's right," I said. "I put that cock cage on Slut myself and I carry the only key."

"How about Stretch? Do you put his rings on too?" Margo asked curiously.

"No, I like to watch him do it, didn't you?" I asked.

"Oh yes!" they both replied.

Debby looked like she was debating something but the debate didn't last long. "Phil, can I ask you a favor?"

"You can ask, I can't promise I'll grant it though."

"Fair enough," Debby said. "Margo and I couldn't get very close to the stage. Um, would it be alright if we touched them?"

I pretended to be thinking but in reality I was looking at Rich and Joe. I wanted them to tell me if they wanted to be fondled and maybe more by these two young women. Rich nodded once almost immediately with Joe following seconds later. I smiled at them. I was going to give these girls a show.

"I don't see why not," I said magnanimously. "Slut, please show Debby and Margo your present."

Rich knew what to do from our adult bookstore adventure a few weeks ago so that's why I started with him. I figured Joe would watch and learn. Rich stood, pushed his chair back a bit, and pulled his shorts to his down to his knees, then let them fall to the floor. He bent down and picked them up.

"Please put your shorts on the table and sit down, Slut. Make sure you spread your legs so the ladies can feel you properly."

"Yes, Sir," Rich said submissively.

He set the shorts on the table, spreading them out smooth in front of him, then sat back down with his legs spread as wide as he could, given the closeness.

"Now you, Stretch, show these lovely ladies your rings. Be sure to put your shorts on the table as well," I ordered.

"Yes, Sir!" Joe said with a smile. As Rich had done, he stood and pushed his shorts to his knees, letting them fall to the floor. He bent down and picked them up, spreading them flat on the table as well. He resumed his seat, spreading his legs as far apart as he could.

The two women sat there, stunned I guess, because they didn't move.

"Didn't you ladies want to touch them?" I asked confused.

"Oh! Yes! We did! I'm sorry, I just never expected them to strip right here at the table," Debby said surprised.

"These two love to be naked in public. I would think you would know that after their performances. Please, enjoy yourselves," I said invitingly.

Debby, being the braver of the two, smiled slyly and dropped her hand into Joe's lap. I could tell by the expression on his face that Debby had him by the balls, so to speak, and he wouldn't have it any other way.

Margo moved closer to Rich and looked at him, as if seeking permission. He nodded slightly and she, too, dropped her hand below the table and on to Rich's cock. I wished I could see what was going on but the expressions on Rich and Joe's faces told me they were enjoying the attention. I let them play for about five minutes. "Why don't you two switch. I'm sure you'd like to be able to explore both men?"
