 This story is totally fiction, although I really wish it was true. I have never had male to male sex but am still very curious to try it, even though I am much older now.

My name is Dave and I am 25 years old and unmarried. I have had several girlfriends some of which I have had enjoyable sex. I broke up with my last girlfriend, Sue, about six months ago when I moved into my own apartment in the city 50 miles away from her home. I guess the distance was too far for both of us. 

It was a nice apartment, with two bedrooms, kitchen with a table, and a nice size living room for watching TV. I wanted an extra bedroom for friends and family to visit me. The rent was quite expensive, but I thought I could swing it. I was wrong, and after six months I was looking for a roommate to share the cost and so I put an add in the paper. 

Because I have not had any sex for some time, I would occasionally rent a triple X rated movie, and jack off while watching it. This was satisfying for a while, but then it became the same old thing. This time I rented two video's, one was with two girls and a guy, and the other was a gay flick with three guys. I had never watched a gay video before and looked forward to seeing it. I enjoyed watching the first one with the guy and two girls while sitting in only my white jockey shorts. It was pretty good, and I enjoyed a nice warm cum while I stroked my cock. 

The next night I followed the same script, stripping to my jockey shorts and put on the gay flick. This was very different, and as soon as I saw two naked guys tongue kissing while stroking each others cock's, my cock started to throb and twitch in my underpants. I watched as they laid down in bed, and the one guy start to lick and suck on the cock of the other guy. I could not believe how hot that made me feel. They went to a 69 position and began sucking cock madly. The close up of their lips sliding up and down on the cock's made me almost cum. Then a third guy came into the scene and after putting KY lube on his cock and the top guy's ass, started to slide his cock in and out of his ass. This one guy was having his cock sucked and was sucking a nice cock, while having another cock pumping his ass. WOW this was a hot scene and I shot my cum fast. It made me so hot I kept jerking my cock and in a short time shot another hot load all over my stomach. I slept soundly that night.

A few days later, I received a call from a guy that was very interested in sharing the apartment and the cost. He came over to look at my apartment and agreed to move in. His name was Tim and he was 21 years old. He seemed to be a clean and friendly guy and was close to my size. He did not have much to bring with him, other than his clothing, lap top computer and some personnel items. He moved in with me the following day.

The first night he arrived we had a very strong thunder and lightning rain storm that shook the windows. I did not sleep that good because of the storm. I asked Tim while we were having breakfast if he was disturbed by the fierce storm. He told me that because he has insomnia, his Doctor prescribed a very powerful sleeping pill that he takes before bedtime every night. He said the pill makes him a very sound sleeper and he never even heard the thunder. He said that once he falls asleep, he normally does not wake up until around 7:00 in the morning. After eating, we both went in different directions to work.

A few nights later, we sat around chatting and watching TV getting to know each other better. We both seemed to like the same things and got along well. We discussed our sex lives and he told me his last girlfriend gave him great blow jobs which she seemed to enjoy giving and he loved them. I told him a little about the different positions I used to fuck my last girlfriend including anal sex which she loved. I told him how she enjoyed sitting on my face while I licked and sucked her pussy until she came all over my mouth. He seemed to get hot just listening to this. 

Around 10 PM he took a shower and said he was going to bed. He had on silk or nylon boxer shorts which plainly shower the outline of his cock as he walked by. It was pretty warm outside and I did not have air conditioning, so Tim went to bed in his just boxer shorts. I thought about the gay video and the possibility of me sucking Tim's cock, and felt a swelling of my own dick. I said goodnight, took my shower and went to bed in my jockey shorts only. 

As I laid in bed thinking about the gay video and seeing Tim's cock through his boxer shorts, my cock became rock hard. I wondered what it would be like to stroke Tim's cock and feel my lips slide around it, to feel his cock slide in and out of my mouth past my tongue, to feel his cum flowing in my mouth. I thought I would cum just thinking about it. I pulled out my cock and stroked it slowly, it felt really good, but I stopped before cumming. I put my cock back inside my shorts.

It was now about midnight and Tim should be sound asleep. He said after taking his pill, he does not wake up until 7 AM no matter what happens. Maybe I could peek into his bedroom to see if he is sleeping. I got up and quietly walked to his room, the door was opened slightly. It was warm outside, and the windows were open, a gentle breeze blew in through the screens. Between the city lights and the moonlight, it was light enough to see Tim lying on his back with the sheet covering him to his waist. His bare chest was clearly in view. He seemed to be sleeping. I opened the door and walked closer to the bed. I saw that he had a very smooth chest with no hair, very similar to my chest. I called out his name in a fairly loud voice and he did not respond or move. I moved next to the bed, touched Tim's arm and shook him a little. Still no reaction. I lifted up the sheet and pulled it down past his ankles. 

There he was lying before me in just his silky boxer shorts. I could see the outline of his cock. I sat down on the side of the bed and placed my hand on his outer thigh and moved it slowly up across the silky shorts and stopped on his cock. No sign of Tim moving. Now I could feel the outline of his cock through his shorts and it was nice. I started to rub it gently and I could feel it growing and as I continued to move my hand his cock started to get hard. I grew bolder. I opened the one button on his shorts and that allowed me to open his fly very wide. His cock was right there. My heart was pounding and my pulse racing as I looked at that hard cock just inches from my hand. I couldn't stand it any longer, I had to touch it. I reached into his shorts and placed my hand around the hard cock and slowly pulled it out. I opened up the fly a little wider and was able to expose his balls. 

What a beautiful sight. Tim's cock was about 7 inches long, not too thin or too thick with a nice deep pink head. How hard and smooth his cock felt in my hand. I could not believe I was feeling another man's cock and trembled from excitement. I started to stroke him gently and was rewarded with seeing his pre cum start to leak out onto the head of his cock. I rolled my finger around the tip of his cock head and it became slick with the pre cum. I put my finger to my mouth and tasted it. I loved it and I wanted more. I stroked his cock slowly with one hand and cupped his balls with my other hand. 

I thought I heard a slight moan from Tim's lips but he still didn't move. I removed one hand from his balls and lowered my head close to his cock. I could smell how fresh and clean his body was after his shower. I moved my lips to the tip of his cock and licked all around it. I could taste his pre cum juice and it made me very hot. The more I licked, the more juice flowed out. It was running down the side of his shaft. I stuck out my tongue and started to lick up his cock until I had all of his clear juice in my mouth. I wanted his cock in my mouth badly. I closed my eyes, opened my mouth and felt my lips pass over the head of Tim"s cock, I felt his cock slide over my tongue and was overcome with passion. I thought I was going to cum in my underwear. Tim started to moan as my lips moved up and down his hard cock. I couldn't believe how much pleasure I felt sucking another man's cock, and to know that I was making him feel good. It was a wonderful feeling.

My cock was throbbing and very wet, I could feel my juice wetting my shorts. I wanted to pull out my cock and jerk off right there, but I turned my attention back to Tim's warm cock which was still in my mouth. I moved my head up over his cock head and then back down again. Now I could hear Tim moaning in pleasure. Each time I went back down his shaft I took more into my mouth. I wanted his whole cock to be inside my mouth and finally it was. My mouth was completely full of his cock and I could feel my lips touching his pubic hair. I felt the head of his cock pushing all the way to the back of my throat. I tried very hard not to gag and I didn't. 

I wanted to just stay there, not to move, and just enjoy the feeling I was having with a man's cock in my mouth. I started moving my head up and down his hard shaft, sucking all the way up and all the way down. His pre-cum was flowing and my lips were coated with it. I was making slurping sounds each time I sucked on his cock. It was a wonderfully hot and sexy feeling and my cock was on fire. I wanted to feel Tim's cum shooting in my mouth and it was not long after thinking that when I felt his cock start to throb and I got my wish. Tim was moaning a little louder now..., Aaahhh, Mmmmm...I felt the first spurt of his hot cum and he shot load after load into my waiting and anxious mouth, and I greedily swallowed it as fast as I could. It tasted delicious and I could not get enough of it. I just kept sucking his cock and moving my head up and down his shaft until I could feel it getting soft. I milked out every drop of his cum and licked it totally clean. I now know that I love cock and want to suck more cock soon. I carefully put Tim's cock back into his shorts and buttoned them up. I pulled the sheet back to his waist and quietly left his room. 

As soon as I got back to my bed, I took off my wet shorts and my stiff cock sprang up. I could still taste Tim's cum in my mouth and I stroked my cock with one hand, and squeezed my balls gently with the other hand, until I shot a huge amount of cum all over my chest and stomach. I was totally drained and fell sound asleep as I thought of sucking Tim's cock tomorrow night and every night.

While we were having breakfast the next morning, Tim told me about having this fantastic dream of getting a great blow job that drained him dry. He said it seemed to be so real he thought he had cum in bed. But he said there was no sign of any cum on him or the sheets. I told him I wish I could have a dream like that. 

TO BE CONTINUED .... "MORE OF TIM'S PLEASURE WHILE SLEEPING"

Please let me know if you enjoyed my first ever story.