 I'm going to tell you about my life as a submissive man who truly enjoys providing oral to men. When a story is fantasy (or goes from reality to fantasy) I will advise. My first story is about an event that happened one day. It never ended as I would have liked, I will indicate when the fantasy begins.

I was driving to my home in the east end of Toronto. I decided to stop at an Adult Video Store to check out their clearance bins which often has older DVDs at a reduced price. I found a couple of gay titles that caught my eye and grabbed them.

I decided to look at the regular-priced gay movies at the back of the store. I was interested in all DVDs that had pictures of guys performing oral. While there, I noticed two black men had entered the store and were looking in the section dedicated to interracial porn. I was horny and wondered if I should make myself known, I decided to go for it.

Without a lot of hesitation I grabbed two movies off the wall (both with pictures of white men going down on black men). I walked to the section where the larger of the two was standing. I knelt down and set the movies on the floor with both covers showing, no use beating around the bush, right. He looked at them, smiled and stepped away.

He went over to his buddy, they both looked over and smiled. Then they headed to the desk to pay for the movies the shorter one had selected. I returned the two I had grabbed from the rear wall and headed to pay for my clearance purchases and got there just as they finished. I quickly paid and left.

I noticed they were going out of the lot in the same direction I was headed. I drove a little fast and soon pulled up beside them at a red light. I smiled and they returned the smile. The light turned green and I intenionally drove beside them making it obvious that they could have me if they wanted me.

I was getting hard, anticipating that I was going to get lucky and take their loads. Unfortunately, traffic suddenly was unbelievable, my lane came to a complete stop and by the time I got going, they were not in sight. Did they go straight? Did they turn? Were they stopped and looking or waiting for me? I was angry; but, mostly disappointed and drove home.

Fantasy from here on

I soon caught up to them and was right behind them when they turned in to a plaza with a Beer store. They got out of their car and smiled when they realized that I was also there and stepping out of my vehicle. I hurried and got directly behind them as they stepped to the counter and ordered a case of beer, I said to the clerk, "Make it two cases", and handed him enough money to pay for both. 

He said, "You want to pay for theirs too?"

I replied, "Yes, I do." My soon to be new friends both turned, smiled and thanked me.

When we were walking out, the larger one said, "That was very nice of you, would you like to join us for a beer?" 

I said, "I was hoping you would ask." 

"OK, follow us we just live a block away."

We pulled in to a parking lot shared by two very large apartment buildings. As they were driving in, they pointed to the visitor parking area. I parked, grabbed the case of beer and was rushing to join them at the front door. The shorter one asked, "Why did you bring your case?" 

I responded, "This is for you guys, it's not my brand." 

Surprised, he said, "Thank you." 

In the lobby we passed a very dominant guy who said, "What in the hell are you two up to? What's with all the beer?" 

The larger of the two told him, "Our new friend bought it." 

"Who is the white dude?" 

"Don't know, we just met him and he offered to pay for the beer." 

Suddenly I became aware that this new guy was someone important, when he blurted out, "You guys know nothing comes in these buildings without my knowledge, go to your apartment I'll be up in a few minutes." Then he went out the door.

I was not sure what was going on so I just followed them to the elevator. We arrived at their floor, when they opened the door I noticed it was small, but clean and comfortable looking. We put the beer on the kitchen floor, the taller one said, "I'm Dwight, that's my brother Byron and that guy you seen downstairs, he's our cousin Larry, he is the man and in charge of these two buildings Who are you?" 

I replied, "I'm Ray and glad to meet you."

Suddenly the door to the apartment opened and Larry appeared. "So, who's the white dude and why is he here?" Dwight told him, how it came to be that I was there and he didn't leave out a thing. "I see, looks like you guys found a white dude who likes black cock." "Is that right, white boy?" 

"That's right, Sir." I said Sir, why did I say Sir?

"I've heard about white faggot cocksuckers who like black cock, but, never met one." "So, did you buy my cousins the beer so they would let you suck them off?" "Well white boy, you did everything right and you're going to get what you want." "OK, we're going to get this party started, but, you ain't getting Dwight or Byron until you wrap those faggot lips around my black cock and take my load." Then he added, "You OK with that white boy?" 

I nodded and replied, "Yes Sir." 

"That's right, it's Sir and you'll always refer to me, my cousins and all black men in these buildings as Sir. Do you understand and agree?" 

"Yes Sir, I understand and I agree."

"OK get on your knees, crawl over here and show me how much you love sucking black cock, cocksucker." I was there in a second, lowered his flannel shorts and underwear in one quick pull and immediately took his beautiful black cock in my mouth and began making love to it. I was so horny and eager to please, he was rock hard in a minute and I was showing him how much I wanted and needed his cock. Larry raised his hips, "You sure know how to handle my black cock faggot, I think you love what you're doing don't you?" 

Not wanting to take that beautiful cock out of my mouth, I looked up, nodded and murmured "Yes Sir." 

I could have stayed there for hours, but, after he blew his load he said, "That's it for now, but, you're mine now cocksucker." I released his cock and noticed his phone in hand, he had taken photos and or videos of the entire event.

"Give me your phone, faggot." I did as told, he opened and retrieved my number and asked, "Who's this guy on your recent list, Alan?"

"He's my neighbor and best friend", I replied. 

"Does Alan know you're a faggot and a cocksucker?" 

"No, he doesn't", I was shaking. 

"No problem, as long as you do what your told, I won't send him the stuff I have on my phone." "Effective immediately, you are mine." There is no need to worry as long as you belong to me I will ensure no one bothers you."

"Are you sorry you just did what you did?" 

"No Sir, I'm not." 

"OK, good. I have to leave now, I want you to suck off Dwight and Byron then go home and send me a text promising you will only suck black cocks and only if I permit you to suck." 

"I will Sir and thank you very much Sir."

Larry left, Dwight took his place, I made sure he got the same quality service I had given Larry and he rewarded me with another sweet load. Then Byron wanted his turn and I was happy to take care of him too. As I was leaving, I thanked both of them for letting me get to know them and give me their loads. I also assured them that I will always go down on them whenever I'm given the opportunity and headed out to my car.

When I got to my car, there was a note on my windshield, "I'm a friend of Larry's". Just as I got in my car I received a text from Larry, "Hey faggot whenever you are in this lot put that note on your dash and your car will be safe. After your face is known around here no one will bother you and only talk to you if I say they can."

When I arrived home, I sent a text, "Sir, thank you for allowing me to suck and drain your beautiful black cock. My phone will not be turned off, I will be available 24/7 to service your beautiful black cock whenever and wherever you request. As instructed I will only suck black cock and only if you have approved." Signed, Your White Faggot Cocksucker.