 *****AUTHOR'S NOTES*****

I want to thank all of you that have been giving me such good reviews1 you guys make all of this quite worth it! My next note is that sadly this is only one new chapter, since the last one was like 8, but oh well. i've got more out on paper, just need time to type it up!! Thanks, enjoy!

*

CHAPTER NINE: SHOWER

Cameron was tired as he walked back up toward his room. He entered quickly, throwing himself down on his bed. He lay there for a few moments and then realized he needed a shower.

The bad thing about his dorm was the fact that the shower was large and communal.

The good thing about that was the showers would be empty this late at night. He grabbed a towel, his body wash, shampoo, and a pair of boxers and walked into the hall, toward the showers by the end of the hall. 

He entered the shower and stripped quickly, stretching as he walked into the shower room on his left. Standing at the furthest shower head was a tall jet-black haired guy Cameron recognized from his American History class. His name was Alan and he was on the lacrosse team. Cameron thought he was beautiful in clothes, and here he was, completely naked. 

His golden tan skin was beautiful, especially with water dripping down it. Cameron realized he was now throbbing hard, his 7 inch cock standing straight up. He turned to go before Alan turned around. 

He realized that was too late, and Alan glanced his way, his eyes definitely taking in the sight of Cameron's hard on. And, strangely enough, he smiled.

Cameron froze, shocked. Alan turned his body to face Cameron and Cameron saw he had a bulging eight inch cock that was sticking straight up.

"I didn't know anyone else was in here," he said casually, his hand reaching down to squeeze his big dick. "What's up?"

Cameron's eyes went straight down to the big prick and he wasn't even able to answer.

"That's what I thought," Alan murmured to himself. "I knew you were hot for cock. Get down on your knees and lick this fuck stick, bitch."

Cameron complied, responding curiously to the rough talk. He started running his tongue over the head of Alan's cock. The head was mushroom shaped and slid perfectly through his lips, the taste of Alan's precum making Cameron moan out loud. 

Alan let out a his as Cameron swallowed more and more of his fat cock. He grabbed the back of Cameron's head and thrust his cock deeper into the stud's mouth, pushing in until Cameron's nose was buried in his pubes, and the guy was gagging on his thick muscle.

"Yeah, gag on my big rod, fuck yeah, swallow that cock!" Alan pistoned his cock into Cameron's mouth, grunting with each inward thrust. "Yeah, swallow my big dick. Come on, eat that jock cock!"

Cameron responded well to the dirty talk, and he slurped hungrily around Alan's cock, his hand coming up to play with his balls. 

Alan grunted and pulled his glistening cock from Cameron's mouth, hitting him in the face with the lengthy rod. "Suck my balls," he commanded, thrusting his hips, smacking his balls against Cameron's lips.

Cameron opened his mouth, letting the hairy globes slip into his mouth, laving at the hair, loving the rough feel.

"Enough of this shit," Alan growled, "bend over."

Cameron turned, getting on his hands and knees, presenting his ass to the horny jock stud. 

Alan bent down behind him, his tongue diving into Cameron's sweet hole. "I love eating me some ass," he said, his tongue drilling its way back in. He sat up, lining the head of his cock up with Cameron's hole. "You ready for this?" he asked, licking his lips in anticipation.

"Always," Was Cameron's response, and Alan rammed his big dick in, eliciting a deep moan from Cameron. At that time the door opened and Alan's friend Will came in, naked except for a towel. He stared in shock for a moment and then reached down and dropped the towel, his own amazingly thick, 6.5 inch cock revealed.

He stepped up in front of Cameron. "I see we got us a cocksucker here," Will said in his southern drawl, pushing his cock down Cameron's throat, eliciting a moan. "A damn good one at that!" He just kneeled there, letting Cameron slurp on his cock while he watched his buddy slam that asshole.

"Yeah," Will moaned, "pound that hole Alan!"

Alan grunted, his big dick plowing full force into Cameron's ass. "Fuck yeah, this ass is tight as hell!" He slapped Cameron's ass cheek playfully, leaning forward and biting his shoulder, purposefully leaving a mark.

Cameron was moaning around Will's cock, the vibrations making him tremble. Will pulled his dick out of Cameron's mouth and rubbed the tip against his lips, purposefully drawing back whenever Cameron tried to draw it back into his mouth.

"Dude, this fag is so cock hungry," Will laughed, letting Cameron get his cock back. "Its fuckin awesome!"

Alan was ignoring the brute, focusing on his cock sheathed in Cameron's amazingly tight ass.

"Oh fuck, dude, I'm gonna cum," Will called out, stroking his cock, letting his cum spray out across Cameron's face and hair.

Cameron let his tongue lick up as much as he could.

Alan meanwhile was coming to a quick climax in Cameron's hot ass. He pulled his cock out, letting his hot load splash against Cameron's back. 

Will slapped his rapidly softening cock against Cameron's face a few times and then simply turned and left the locker room.

"That was awesome," Alan told Cameron, kissing him sweetly. "Maybe now he'll get off my ass about letting him fuck you."

Cameron shrugged. "Anything for you," he said sweetly. "I'm trying to land this freshman stud. He looks like he'd be fun for us. I'm sure with a little persuasion he'd get in front of your camera."

"And then you get half the profits," Alan smirked.

"Exactly," Cameron said, kissing him firmly.