 I grew up in a Pentecostal family in Holland, but deled in silence with liking men. I get married with a woman and to my sadness after seven years I got divorced. Though I had not gone to church for a while, I started to go to one, in Amsterdam. I was already in my thirties. I did a bit of work out, but was too tiny to my taste. I liked to meet other people. The pastor was an American mature dad in his fifties, married with a woman who turned out to be sick most of the time. 

The pastor welcomed me after the sermon while we were all drinking coffee and chatting with each other. The pastor, Garry, was tall, and broad-shouldered, piercing blue eyes, clean-cut and a marine-crew cut hair, amazingly strong jawlines. He started a conversation with me and in short, I told him my story. I started getting a bit emotional and the Garry asked me if I would like to talk a bit more during the week. I did and we made an appointment at my place. I invited him for a dinner.

That Tuesday I prepared a nice dinner and tried not to think in an erotic way of the pastor. However, I was so attracted to him. The door rang, I opened, and there he stood, in a nice suit & tie. He had a broad smile and I was melting down.

We had dinner, after dinner we sat down on my couch, he took off his tie, I told him all my problems, and that I felt so ashamed to like men so much. After a while, Garry wanted to pray for me. He came closer to me and put an arm around me. His lips where very close to my ear. He prayed in a whispering mode, it felt very intimately; his breath was touching my ear that aroused me quite a bit. Once and a while he fondled my shoulders during his prayer. When he finished we still were in an intimate position, his arm around me, and his lips close to my face. I leaned backward on his muscled biceps. I thanked him and he looked into my eyes and told me that I was a beautiful person. I said he was gorgeous too. By having said that he gently kissed me on my mouth. I was a bit shocked but longed for this intimacy. I started to open my mouth and felt his man-tongue entering me. We French kissed for a while and I tried to suck the saliva out of his mouth, I adored his juices already. After a while, he started to play with my nipples. I groaned and told him that I got so aroused. I felt his muscled arms, his pecs that turned out to be very hairy too. 

'You're such a fine mature twink,' he told me. His hand went under my shirt he adored my soft hairless skin. I just could take another breath and groaned. My hand went down his belly and went further to meet his enormous cock.

'I have a boner ever since I entered here'. I squeezed his manhood through his pants and he groaned with pleasure. I opened his zipper and took out his rock-hard circumcised meat. I stared at it with amazement and just wanted to deep throat and feel his cockhead pressing at the back of my throat and so I did. As deep as I could I took that beautiful dick in my mouth and pressed it along my throat. I tasted his pre-cum and he was breathing heavily. His cock was sliding in my throat and out and I pressed my lips around his shaft. A minute I thought he would come. I played with his balls wile sucking him deeper and deeper.

I then felt his warm big hand sliding down my back, along my crack feeling my boy pussy. He tried to open me up a little, while he cupped my cheek. After a wile of sucking him and he fingering me, I had to stop to prevent coming.

I looked at him and we started to kiss again. He slid from the couch to the ground on his knees between my legs. He took of my shirt and started to suck on my nipples, these are extremely sensitive. While sucking he unbuttoned his shirt. His naked muscled and hairy torso was pressing against my smooth slim body. He took my pants off and kept on sucking and licking me and telling me how hot I was. I just could not utter a word, while I was so amazingly horny.

I was half-naked half laying on the couch and getting more and more down. I almost sat on his lap, it was just his boner that was pressing against my boy-cunt. I opened myself a bit and allowed the cock head of this Pentecostal pastor entering me. His cock was still slippery of my saliva, but I was not used to be entered by such a huge manhood. We kissed each other and gently I moved downwards having his penis entering me deeper and deeper. He groaned of pleasure and told me that it was such a long time he had such a tight pussy around his cock. His cockhead now was pressing my prostate. I almost reached a state of coma so horny that I was.

When he could not enter any further, I became used to his enormous cock. I tried to squeeze his cock with my ass and finally I got it to do. But while I squeezed his cock I started to feel a pleasure I never ever had before. I started to feel my orgasm from so far away, like little waves. While I was swallowing my pastors tong and not touching my cock I started to have a shivering orgasm. It took a few minutes and I was almost out. When I came by he looked into my eyes with a big smile and said that it looked that I had an orgasm. My semen was all over his hairy torso. With his cock still inside me, he laid me down on the couch while he kneeled in front of it. Than he started to fuck me. You mind if I leave my seed inside of you? He groaned. But I could hardly answer, because to surprise another wave of orgasm was starting to flow inside me. Together we started to shoot our loads.