 Sometimes I surprise myself by how well I adapt to, and cope with pressure-packed situations. 

I have the ability to objectively analyze a difficult assignment from all sides, devise several possible solutions, then proceed to logically choose the correct, and most effective path to resolve even the most daunting problem...that is how I approached my date with Sarah.

I had been with the company in Atlanta for six-months, working hard and minding my own business. I considered my work-life and private-life two separate and distinctly different entities. On a few occasions, male co-workers invited me to join them at a popular night club known for expensive drinks and easy women, but I made excuses not to go. 

Over time, I heard whispers that my colleagues were beginning to link my name together with Bruce and Randy, our openly gay co-workers. The behind-their-backs slings and arrows hurled at them on a daily basis frightened me, so I decided to put an end to the rumors by pretending to be interested in Sarah. 

We live in the 21st century and people's sexual preference should be of no concern to anyone, heck, the Supreme Court even legalized gay marriage, BUT, several states have passed, or are considering anti-LGBT laws, and if I want a long career as an IT Specialist with my conservative company, I have to stay above reproach, and not do or say anything that would draw negative attention to me.

Yes, I prefer a firm erection and a heavy set of balls over a sloppy, gaping hole between someone's legs...but many people in our society don't agree with me, and sometimes violently disagree...I'm sorry, but I don't have the courage to become a martyr for our cause.

So after learning of snide comments from co-workers questioning my masculinity, I became friendly with Sarah, feigning a romantic interest, and she finally agreed to go out with me. I made the strategic decision to have dinner first, then take her to a night club, knowing full-well some work friends would be there, and I would make sure they saw me in action with a female. 

It wasn't the first time I had to resort to deception to survive in this heterosexual world.

My college years were fraught with anxiety. I lived in constant fear my roommates and acquaintances would somehow discover my preference for men...and although I attended a liberal school in the North, the ridicule and condemnation of gay people was just as strong there, as it is here in the South.

And there, just like here, I was forced to drive to the other side of town for simple human contact...and since I wasn't old enough to go to bars, I had to cruise parks in the dead of night, or skulk around dirty men's rooms in the seediest sections of town. 

Finding companionship and love shouldn't be so dangerous and demeaning.

 Sarah turned out to be a woman of many surprises. The first of which I almost didn't recognize her when she opened the door of her house.

The plain-looking, bookish woman with the big, black, horned-rimmed glasses, and hair wrapped tightly around her head, had transformed herself into a very pretty woman sans glasses, with long-flowing, silken black hair that cascaded to her bare shoulders.

At work, she wore nothing but ill-fitting pantsuits that completely hid any feminine curves...but now she stood before me wearing a sleek, and sexy black dress that clung to her body, showing off her shapely figure. The bodice plunging dangerously low displaying her ample breasts.

The hem of the dress hung two-inches above her knees, and her nylon-encased legs appeared almost perfect. If I were straight, I would have sprung a boner just looking at her.

I broke into a wide smile, and said in all honesty, "Sarah, you are positively stunning!"

Her lovely face briefly flushed then she demurely replied, "Thank you."

This was going to work out better than I had planned...when my co-workers saw her looking like this, and me pursuing her like a horn-dog, the nasty rumors questioning my masculinity would forever be quashed.

Our dinner conversation was awkward, at best. We're both shy and introverted people so we mainly talked about what we were most comfortable with---work.

I did ask her a few personal questions about her college years, and how she liked living in Atlanta now, but her answers were vague, and somewhat evasive. When she told me the years she attended college, I did the quick math and was surprised she was older than I had thought...in fact, she was pushing thirty, and her birthday wasn't too far away. 

She reminded me of me---carefully tip-toeing around questions to not reveal too much personal information. We did warm up to each other, and I discovered she had a pretty good sense of humor. I liked her and my plan for her later on made me feel bad. 

When we finished dessert, she excused herself and left for the lady's room. I took the opportunity to pull out the blue pill from my pocket and quickly swallowed it...yes, it was Viagra...it was crucial to my plan that my body function 'normally' later on and I achieve an erection...and knowing my history with women, I wasn't leaving anything to chance.

We drove in silence to the nightclub. In the parking lot I played the gentleman when she was about to open the car door.

"Please allow me to get that," I said.

Inside the club, my eyes scanned everywhere until I saw four of our male co-workers sitting in a booth. I led Sarah to a booth directly across the room from theirs pretending not to see them.

I ordered champagne, and Sarah and I drank and chatted amiably. When I moved close to her, I felt the muscles in her legs briefly tense...I made the excuse, "It's loud in here---I can't hear what you're saying!"

She smiled and seemed to relax. We finished the bottle rather quickly, and she didn't object when I ordered another one. I guessed she was as nervous as I was.

Mid-way thru the second bottle I became slightly light-headed; I gazed into her eyes and told her how beautiful she was then kissed her. I didn't know what to expect from her so when she kissed me back I felt like I'd won a minor victory.

My hand dipped below the table and found a nylon-clad thigh and gently stroked it...all the while our kissing became deeper, more intense...I furtively glanced at our co-workers and, sure enough, they were watching us.

The music of a slow song played loudly and I asked her for the honor of a dance.

"Oh," she giggled. "You are so gallant---so thoughtful."

I took her hand and led her to the dance floor then took her in my arms and pressed my body to hers. She melted in my arms. We swayed back and forth against one another...I cursed the Viagra for not working...

I thought of the previous night in Timothy's bed---his beautiful hard cock...the way it smelled and tasted---the softness of his cockhead as I lathered it with my tongue...

My prick began its slow ascension.

I held Sarah closer then re-lived in my mind the exquisitely, delicious slow-fucking Timothy had given me. I could almost feel his wonderful cock in my ass.

My prick rose to full erection. I ground my belly into Sarah. If she noticed, she didn't object or try to pull away.

I positioned us so our co-workers could see us clearly...it was very dark so I took her hand and placed it between us on the bulge in my slacks and waited.

How I would proceed with the plan from here depended on her reaction. Her body tensed, but she didn't pull her hand away. I kissed her, and this time, her lips yielded to my insistent tongue. 

Oh my goodness---did she just squeeze my hard prick?

When the song ended, we almost stumbled on our way back to the booth. We held each other tightly with arms around our waists. 

She giggled when we were seated and I guided her hand below the tabletop to my crotch once again. 

"Why Johnny, I didn't know you're such a dirty boy..." her hot breath whispered in my ear.

There were many variables in my plan...all depending on how she reacted to each stage...I was prepared to take this to the limit, if need be.

I whispered back, "Sweetie, you're the prettiest and sexiest girl I've ever been with...I can't take much more---let's go out to my car and continue this there!"

She giggled one more time and said, "Okie-dokey."

I made a great show for the benefit of my co-workers of having the cocktail server place a 'Reserved' sign on our table and said rather loudly to him, "We're going outside for some, uh, fresh air---we'll be back when we're finished!"

For some reason I thought that would offend Sarah and she would end our night right then...but all she did was smile and, with my hand on her ass, I guided her out of the club to my car.

Okay, John---you are now a stud in the eyes of your co-workers...now it's time to show Sarah what a boorish pig you can be...this was the part of the plan I hated---that I wasn't sure if I could go thru with.

She stood next to the drivers side door expecting us to climb into the front seat, but when I unlocked the doors, I immediately opened the door to the backseat, and brusquely said, "Get in!"

I saw her pause, but she quickly regained her composure and climbed into the backseat.

I began wondering if I'd read her wrong...never in a million years did I think this brilliant woman, so focused and dedicated to her work, would meekly surrender herself and blindly obey a younger, and quite frankly, less intelligent co-worker.

I slid my arm around her waist, abruptly pulled her to me and kissed her hard. She did not resist so I decided it was time to take it up a notch.

My free hand dipped into her cleavage and crudely grasped her breast. I squeezed and kneaded the soft, supple flesh until she gasped into my open mouth. 

"Play with my cock!" I said to her; and to my surprise, her hand immediately gripped my hardness...she slowly stroked it thru my slacks.

It was time to totally offend her sense of decency so she would have nothing to do with me in the future...my heart pounded so hard I thought she could hear it...my hands began to tremble and perspire...John, you have to go thru with this---you have to treat her badly so she won't want to have anything to do with you ever again---so she'll warn her girlfriends at work to stay away from you...c'mon, John, for your own good you have to say it:

"Open my pants---take out my cock and suck it!" I said as crude and nasty as I could, almost sneering at her.

She stopped kissing me. I waited for her to scream at me. 

I heard laughter instead. I figured she'd release my erection---maybe even slap me---but her hand squeezed my prick harder, and moved faster-and-faster. 

"That's not going to happen, Johnny...or would you rather I call you 'Billy'?" she said, her hot breath in my ear made my prick swell and throb.

HUH? WHAT DID SHE SAY? OH MY GOD! If I hadn't taken the blue pill, I was sure all the blood would have instantly drained from my hard-on.

She then added: "Don't worry, 'Billy'---your secret is safe with me...I'll take care of the 'little problem' in your pants then you'll drive me home," she said squeezing my prick hard for emphasis.

I thought my head would explode---how in the heck did she know about my life on the other side of town? In all these months I'd been super-careful. I never once saw anyone I knew from work...this was beyond bad---she could ruin my entire life! 

Her tongue darted in and out of my ear--her teeth nipped at the lobe. I made a half-hearted attempt to push her away, but she was stronger than she looks. Her hand moved even faster on the bulge in my slacks. 

She giggled at my squirming. I couldn't help myself and a loud groan escaped my mouth. I knew I was done for---her hand was too good---my body relaxed...I sat back in the seat and let her have her way.

When my hips began their telltale movements, her tongue teased and tickled my ear.

"Cum in your pants, Billy..." she whispered moving her hand as fast as possible.

"Oh God---Sarah---uhhhh...." I moaned as my head rolled backwards; my eyes shut tight.

"Good boy...just picture me as one of your boyfriends in the backseat of his car...cum in your pants---cum for me, little boy," she said just before her warm mouth sent a shock wave of hot air in my ear followed by her wet tongue.

"NO---Oh-God---Sarah-please-no---oh-God-oh-God-oh-God---yes-yes-yes-YESSSSSSS...."

Her hand milked my exploding prick. My hips lifted from the seat each time my balls sent another stream of semen shooting from my slit splashing inside my briefs.

All the while Sarah whispered, "Good boy, Billy---shoot that nasty cum out of your tiny balls...you're a good-good boy, Billy...keep cumming---that's it—get it all out---good boy...." 

She let go of my prick when it finally went limp. Her hand was wet from the cum that seeped thru my slacks...she used my shirt to dry her hand.

She abruptly moved away from me and said, "Open the door, Billy, I need fresh air...can't say I like the smell of your spunk...how do you guys eat that stuff?"

I climbed out of the car dazed and confused---defeated even...if Sarah told our co-workers of my life on the other side of town I would simply die...I would certainly have to quit my job and move to another city...my plan had gone horribly wrong, and I was now at the mercy of a woman I barely knew....

Outside the car, Sarah pointed at my crotch and said, "You probably don't want to go back into the club looking like that...my goodness, Johnny, that wet spot is so large it looks like you peed yourself...what? It's been a while?---haven't had much luck at 'Chaps' lately?"

OH MY GOD---she knows the name of my favorite bar? My face was burning red.

I drove her home in silence...I was utterly humiliated...the semen in my briefs had grown cold and sticky and my head was filled with ugly thoughts and obscene images. She gave me no clue what her knowledge of my private life would mean going forth...maybe it wouldn't mean a thing---what do I have that she could possibly want? 



On Monday, I was in the lunchroom at work when a couple of the guys who'd been at the club, David and Hal, sat with me. 

"Hey John," said Hal. "Was that you and Sarah at the nightclub Saturday night?"

I knew damn well they'd seen us. "Oh, yeah...I thought I saw you guys there," I said coyly.

Then David chimed in, "Man, you two were really going at it...what happened when you left---did you, uh, get lucky?"

"Well, I don't like to kiss and tell, but I did go home with a smile on my face!" I said lying thru my teeth.

"So the rumors aren't true?" asked Hal.

I couldn't believe he was asking me about my sexuality point-blank to my face, then he suddenly added: "Sarah's NOT a dyke?"

HUH? WHAT? There was a rumor about Sarah being a lesbian? I didn't know that...

I made a quick save and said with typical male bravado, "She sure wasn't a dyke in the backseat of my car!"

Later in the afternoon, our team wrapped-up work on the project I'd been assigned to since I started with the company. 

While our team was waiting for the boss to give us new assignments, a few of the guys who hardly ever spoke to me came around, slapped me on the back, and told me it was great working with me. I knew they must have heard about my exploits with Sarah. 

I smiled, thanked them, and said it was fun working with them, too. It appeared my plan was successful in that the guys now thought of me as some kind of studly manly-man, but, I was more confused than ever about Sarah's actions on Saturday night. 

Then it hit me: There was a rumor Sarah is a lesbian? Oh my God, did she use me like I used her? 

Inside the club, before the watchful eyes of our co-workers, did she return my kisses and allow me to crudely paw at her to squash the rumors of her sexuality? 

My boss finally got around to speaking with me in private: 

"John, you have a bright future here..." he said. "I think you're ready for a serious challenge, and it will benefit you to have Sarah as your team leader---report to her in the morning---listen to her and learn---do as she says!"

"Y-Yes, sir," I said to him all the while thinking 'Oh my God---what have I gotten myself into? My nasty plan to use Sarah as a beard backfired, and now I have to work for her? Karma is such a bitch!'



At home that night, I was restless and my nerves were on edge. I had no idea what to expect from Sarah the next day...her knowledge of my private life gave her unlimited power over me, if she chose to use it. 

I had begun our evening together treating her like a piece of meat inside the night club, but she completely turned the tables on me in the backseat of my car. She not only took charge, but humiliated me as well...and now we were supposed to work together?

The more I thought about it the more I hoped once Sarah found out I was on her team, she would go to the boss and have me re-assigned to a different project. 

I knew I wouldn't be able to sleep in my current agitated condition so I checked my liquor supply only to remember I'd finished the vodka the previous night. 

I looked at the time: 9pm...hmm, I could get to the other side of town by 10, have a few drinks, who knows---maybe have some 'fun' and I could be home by 12:30 or 1...why not? Sarah already knew of my secret life.



The moment I walked into the bar, my eyes scanned everyone inside searching for the 'spy' that ratted me out to Sarah. How else could she know? Someone had to have told her. 

Settle down, John, I said to myself, even if that is true you would have no clue who the 'spy' would be....

As soon as I sat on the bar stool Eddy the Bartender set a drink in front of me and said, "It's on Barry!"

I leaned over and looked down the bar, saw Barry, waved thanks to him, and chugged down the drink in three-minutes...another drink appeared and I did the same with that one.

The bar stool next to me opened up and Barry the Fairy moved to sit by me. I know, me referring to him as 'Barry the Fairy' might be a tad mean and hypocritical, but heck, it's his nickname here.

"Hey, Billy," he said. "How are you tonight? It's good to see a familiar face."

For a split second I was embarrassed about him calling me that name...I told myself 'Get over it, John' and quickly recovered and replied, "Hi Barry...yeah, not too many regulars here tonight, huh?"

This time I paid for the drinks and we made small talk. He's actually a nice man...ten-years older than me---his personality more than makes up for his unappealing physical appearance, plus we have a history together, I've been in the backseat of his car several times, and to his credit, he likes to give as well as receive.

Barry has a way of making you feel important---he listens to every word you say, smiles or frowns at the appropriate times, gives good advice when asked, and even acts interested when you give him your opinions. You don't even notice his looks when you're talking with him.

I offered to buy him another drink, but he said, "It's getting a little late for me..." then he smiled, leaned closer to me and softly whispered, "...late for another drink, that is...."

I smiled back at him. We finished our drinks at the same time, said our 'Good byes' to Eddy the Bartender and casually strolled outside to his car where he opened the back door for me and I climbed inside.

Barry and I are similar in that we don't like to hurry the lovemaking. Neither of us enjoy the 'wham-bam-thank-you-maam' approach...we both want to feel the warmth and intimacy of being connected with another human being.

Too many guys my age will sweet-talk you into their cars then immediately say, "Suck my cock!" without so much as a single kiss or hug. Barry and I enjoy deep kisses, and furtive squeezes and caresses...we try to make the most of our short time together.
