 CHAPTER ONE: ORIENTATION

Wesley Bower looked around the campus, more than a little nervous. He was seeing his college campus for the first time since his visit, and now he was having second thoughts. Why did I pick a school so far from everyone I've ever known? he wondered, feeling disconsolate and alone. Well, no use having second thoughts, he decided, stretching his arms, turning to survey the people around him.

Wesley was, to put it in simple turns, hot. Every girl that walked by him had to look twice. He was wearing a pair of khaki cargo shorts, Birkenstocks, and a tight American Eagle shirt that showed off his swimmer's body. 

The campus was larger than some he'd seen, but still small enough that it wasn't a bad walk from the dorm area to the auditorium where they'd be having the freshman orientation. Wes enjoyed the walk, just taking in the sight of the campus in the late summertime. It was completely different from the way it looked when he had done his college visit, in December. It was now full of green life, a line of oak trees casting shade onto the walkway he traversed.

As he walked Wes casually looked around, and noticed someone that he had never seen before (not surprised, seeing how this was his second visit to the college). The guy was tall, about 6"1, with short cut blonde hair that was stylishly spiked. He was wearing a pair of Wrangler jeans and a green polo shirt that displayed his jock body to its fullest. 

Wes couldn't help but stare, but quickly stopped himself. Stop, man, he told himself firmly. This is your chance to start off normal, without anyone knowing anything about me. Especially that. 

Werner Auditorium was centrally located on the campus, and it wasn't too difficult to find, even without the throng of people flocking too it. As he walked up the steps to enter the auditorium hot Wrangler jock brushed by him, sending a jolt through Wesley's body. 

"Oh, sorry bout that," Wrangler said, turning to grin sheepishly. "I'm just in a hurry. I still haven't gotten my room key." He held out his hand. "I'm Devon." 

Wes took his hand, hoping that his didn't tremble as they shook hands. "I'm Wesley, but you can call me Wes." He walked past Devon and entered the building, unable to resist glancing back and looking over Devon's nice butt.

"it's a great view, isn't it?" Wes jumped, startled, and a little embarrassed to be caught staring at another guy's ass. The girl he saw grinning at him was shorter than him with shoulder length hair that was fiery red, but you could tell it wasn't her natural color. "I don't blame you for admiring it." She held out her hand. "Hi, I'm Skye."

Wes shook her hand. "I'm Wes," he said. 

"Well its good to meet you," Skye said brightly. "I was wondering when I would meet a homo today."

"Excuse me?" Wes raised an eyebrow, giving her an appraising look. 

"Well, gay guys are the most fun to hang out with. Every other guy I've met today have either been staring at my chest—"

"Well, your breasts are very large," Wes commented.

"—or drooling at my ass."

"Once again, large." Wes grinned. "Don't worry, I won't do either of those. Unless I'm drunk, and then I have a tendency to want to feel girls up."

Skye laughed at that. "Don't we all?" She noticed Wes' shocked look. "I'm kidding, I'm kidding. Geez, I can tell you're going to be fun."

They made their way into the auditorium and sat down in the first empty chairs they found. Wes looked toward the stage and saw Devon making his way back from the front, clutching what was obviously a key. Once again Skye caught him staring. "he carries the possibility," she said.

Wes, obviously not following gaze her a quizzical look. "Huh?"

"He carries the possibility," Skye repeated.

"What possibility?" Wes asked, glancing toward him again.

"Of being gay, my friend." Wes couldn't help it, he burst out laughing, which Sky did not like too much. "Why are you laughing?"

"Because that's ridiculous! He definitely has that All American, frat boy, bang every girl he sees kinda look to him. There's no way he's gay."

"So you don't think any of the frat boys are gay?" Skye rolled her eyes, giving him a pitying look. "You are so naïve my friend."

Wes ignored her chiding remarks, instead his gaze followed Devon further from the stage. He passed row after row of seats . . . Until he was standing right next to the empty seat on Wes' left.

"Do you mind if I sit here?" Devon asked rubbing his hand on the back of his head in a way that was almost comical. 

"No, not at all," Wes said, nodding toward the seat. Devon let out a sigh of relief and sat down. Wes took a deep breath and fixed his attention straight ahead, where the Dean of Students was just getting up to speak. Its gonna be a long meeting, Wes sighed. 

As the first official orientation wrapped up Sky, Wesley and Devon stood, all three looking thoroughly confused. "Is it just me," Devon asked, "or did he sound like he was speaking with pudding in his mouth?"

"Definitely pudding," Skye agreed. "Tapioca pudding." She made a face at that, earning her a look from the guys. "What? I don't like tapioca pudding."

The three stepped out of the auditorium into the summer sun and heat. 

"A long walk back to the dorms," Skye sighed.

"Well, I'm gonna drive my car." Devon paused, looking at his slip of paper. "It says Hartford Hall. I have no idea where Hartford Hall is."

"Hartford? That's the dorm I'm in," Wes said. "It's the last dorm before you see the track field, over by the athletic center."

"Oh, ok, I know where that is," Devon said brightly. "I would offer you guys a ride, but my car is filled with all of my shit. There's barely room for me to drive."

"I have no problem with walking," Wes said brightly. "it's a nice day out." He started on his way, whistling a pretty cheerful tune. Devon headed off toward the parking lot, and Skye went the opposite direction, toward her dorm. 

As he walked Wes kept thinking about Devon. The way his legs looked in those jeans . . . The way his ass looked in those jeans . . . The way his arms and chest looked in that tight polo . . . Damn it, keep this up, Bower, you'll be popping a stiffy. And then that would be an uncomfortable walk to the dorm. 

Wes tried to focus on other things, thinking about how he was an official college student, and how he no longer had any parents to control his every move. His parents had always been over protective and controlling, but he didn't hold that against them. Ok, he did a little, but not seriously. He understood that they simply wanted the best for him. 

Although that didn't change the way they reacted to him coming out. Change subject, Wes commanded mentally, and as he did some guy came jogging up to him. He was cute, with kind of thick, wavy brown hair and the sweetest powder blue eyes. He was carrying fliers, and he handed one to Wes.

"Hi, I'm Cameron, and I'm the President of this school's chapter of the Gay Straight Student Alliance, and I just wanted to give you this flier, which lets you know a little more about us, and tells you when we usually meet, and what kind of activities we do."

"Um, thanks," Wes said, glancing at it, folding it up and putting it in his pocket. "I'll read it when I get to my dorm."

Cameron flashed him a dazzling smile. "Thanks." He waved goodbye and then jogged off, toward where a few other people were handing out fliers too. Wes let himself watch him go for a moment, before continuing on his way to his dorm.

Damn, he thought, I've only been on campus for like 4 hours and I've already met two hot guys. 

*

Wes arrived at his dorm about ten minutes later, feeling kind of icky. He unlocked his door and stepped into the cool air of his room and sighed, thankful for the relief. He peeled the tight shirt off, glad to get the sticky fabric off of his skin. He used it to wipe the sweat from his chest and neck, and tossed it onto his bed. 

That's when he noticed the bed on the other side of the room had things laying on it. I guess my roommate's here. He was curious to meet him, but figured it could wait until he had a nap. 

At that moment the door to the bathroom opened, and Wes turned, and was greeted with a startling sight: his roommate was standing there, completely nude. Even more startling was the fact that his roommate was Devon.

*

CHAPTER TWO: MEETINGS

Devon looked up from drying his hair and his eyes widened. "What are you doing here?" He was still completely naked. In fact he seemed totally oblivious to how naked he was.

"Um, this is my dorm room," Wes answered, his mouth dry. "So I guess we're roommates."

Devon grinned. "I guess so!" He saw that Wes was still staring, and gave him a confused look. "What is it dude? You need in the shower or something?"

Wes broke his stare and nodded. "Huh? Oh, yeah, I feel disgusting. I really need a shower." He walked over to his suitcase and pulled a towel and his shower kit out. A cold shower, he thought with a tiny shudder, once again glancing at Devon's naked body. Devon had a nice athletic body, not too ripped, but not completely flabby, either. His nice pecs were topped by nickel-sized nipples, copper against his bronze tan. His chest and arms were devoid of hair, making him seem even sexier. His stomach wasn't washboard, but it was definitely defined. The only hair on his body was the trimmed bush around his cock, which was the same blonde as his head. His cock, which was completely soft, was a good 5 inches without erection, and Wes' mind reeled as he tried to decide how big it would be hard.

"Well, dude, the shower's yours," Devon said, gesturing toward the bathroom.

"Thanks," Wes croaked, entering the bathroom quickly. He pushed the door shut, and then made sure it was locked. He quickly stripped out of his shorts and boxers, releasing his own erect member. He turned the shower on, blasting the cold water. He stepped under it, gave a little squeal and stepped back out.

Movies lie . . . Cold showers didn't make me any less horny, just cold. He reached down instinctively and started tugging on his cock. It felt great. With all the stress of moving to college he hadn't been able to get himself off for about a week. 

He turned the water in the shower over to warm, and stepped back in, still stroking himself. He leaned his head against the wall, settling in for a long session.

*

Wes stepped out of the shower about 45 minutes later and looked around. He was kind of disappointed that Devon wasn't in there. He pulled his shorts back on and felt something in his pocket. He reached down and pulled the flier about the Gay Straight Student Alliance. He looked it over, debating whether or not he would go. It said that their first informational meeting would be at 5:30 that evening. 

He pulled his shirt on over his head and latched his watch to his wrist. He sighed and looked at the time 5:23. He was going to be late to the meeting, but that was fine. As Wes grabbed his cell phone and his room key he realized that he was looking forward to seeing Cameron. With a smile on his face, he set off to the meeting.

*

It was 5:37 when Wesley walked into the student center, where the GSSA was meeting. He looked around and saw more students than he expected. But no Cameron.

Wes sighed and walked further into the room, waving and smiling greetings at people. He saw a bunch of drinks setting out on a table and crossed quickly to them. He picked up a cup labeled "Diet Coke" and took a big drink. As he was finishing the drink he felt a hand on his shoulder, and turned to see Cameron there, flashing that dazzling smile once again.

"You came, I'm glad."

Wes smiled. "Well, I figured its good to get to know other people like you, ya know?" He shrugged. "So how many of the people that come to this are actually straight?"

Cameron laughed. "Not many, to be honest. And we only have one straight male that comes, and he only comes because his girlfriend makes him." Cameron saw Wesley's confused look and laughed again---Wes liked hearing him laugh. "His girlfriend's best friend is a lesbian."

"Oh, ok, I was confused." Wes peered around, wondering if he could spot the straight guy. "So who's the straight guy?"

"He's not here yet." Cameron walked over to a beat up red couch and sat down, groaning as he did. "It feels good to sit down. I've been handing out fliers all day."

Wes crossed to the couch and sat down next to him. "I would have that that handing out fliers about a gay student group would be inviting trouble."

"Well, I figured so as well, but we've never had any big trouble with anti-gay sentiments here. Although you never know with the new freshman class." Cameron ran a hand through his blonde hair. "I had a hard time deciding whether or not we were going to hand out fliers today, but decided that getting the word out there that there's a place you can go and be around people that are going through the same issue was more important than worrying about my own safety."

"I figured I'd see you here, Wes," a familiar female voice said from the door. Wes turned and grinned as Skye walked in, wearing outrageous red bellbottoms and a red flowery top.

"Who dressed you?" Wesley asked in a very feminine voice. "Oh my god, get that atrocity out of here!" His laugh quickly became a gasp as Sky elbowed him in the stomach. 

Cameron looked at his watch. "Late, as usual," he said with a wan smile. "I guess I should get the meeting started." 

As Cameron wandered away to round up everyone, Sky elbowed Wes again, this time much more gentle. "Ow, what?"

"You know what," Sky grinned. "You like him don't you?"

Wes rolled his eyes. "I just met him today, Skye."

"Point? Doesn't mean you can't like him." Wes made no comment. "Well, at least admit that you find him attractive."

Wes smiled. "I'll admit that anywhere. He's very attractive. Especially his smile."

Sky grinned. "Ah, gay romance, its so beautiful."

"Shut up and go find us a seat," Wes said, pushing Skye toward the folding chairs that had been set up in rows in front of a platform, where a solitary mike rested. As Cameron got up to speak Wes settled himself in for a nice session of staring at Cameron.

*

The meeting came to an end at about 7:15 or so, but everyone was sort of milling around, talking. Wesley, who was talking to some girl named Cherry, said goodbye and started for the door, ready to hit the room and go to sleep, despite how early it was.

As he was walking he heard someone yelling his name and he stopped and turned, seeing Cameron come running up to him. "Wes, I'm glad I caught you before you left."

"What is it?"

Cameron handed Wes a small slip of paper. "What's this?" Wes asked, but Cameron simply smiled. Wes unfolded it and looked down at it. It was a phone number. 

"That's my cell number," Cameron said, turning bright red. "If you ever wanna hang out or something, call me." With that Cameron turned and rushed back into the crowd of people, efficiently hiding himself. 

Wes just stood there for a moment, smiling to himself.

Wes was floating as he walked back into the dorm. He realized that he still had that goofy grin on his face, but he didn't care. He entered the elevator and hit the 3. As he exited the elevator he fumbled in his pocket for his key. He got to his door and slid the key in, pushing the door open.

"FUCK!" Devon's voice yelled. Wes stopped cold. There on his bed was Devon, lying over a girl, his shirt off, and hers pushed up, revealing her bare breasts.

Wes turned bright red and started to go.

"Wes, man, wait!" Devon said, so Wes stopped. "I want you to meet Amber. Amber, this is my roommate, Wes."

"Hi, Wes, nice to meet you."

Wes, still bright red, nodded, avoiding looking at her. "You too." He turned back to the door. "I'm gonna go for a while. I'll be back in like an hour or so."

Devon nodded. "Cool man, we'll be done by then."

With that Wes pulled the door shut. He stood there, his back pressed against the door. Damn, I must be a pretty bad roommate, he thought, that's the second time today I've seen Devon in a position I shouldn't have. After a moment the funniness of the situation sank in and he burst out laughing. After the laughing fit passed he wondered where he was gonna go for an hour.

And then he remembered the number in his pocket.

Taking a deep breath he pulled out his cell phone and dialed the number. He realized his hands were trembling, and tried to get a hold of himself.

The phone rang three times, four times, five times without an answer. Wes was about to hang up when he heard a familiar voice answer the phone.

"Hello?"

*

CHAPTER THREE: KISSES

Wesley took a deep breath, suddenly nervous. "Hello?" Cameron repeated into the phone, sounding slightly more annoyed. 

"Hey, Cameron, its Wes," Wes said in a rush, pretty sure that all Cameron heard was "heckrunwest". 

"Hey, Wes," Cameron answered, and Wes blushed when he heard the excitement that entered Cameron's voice when he found out who it was. "What's up?"

"Well, my room is otherwise occupied for the next hour or so, and I figured we could go get coffee or something, maybe?" Wes cringed as he waited for the answer, sure that Cameron would be busy.

"'Otherwise occupied', huh? I know how that goes." Cameron was quiet for a moment. "In the student center on the second floor is a café where students go to study and all that. We could meet there. Sound, good?"

Wes broke into a huge grin. "Sounds great! Save this number I called you on, its my cell number." 

"Awesome," Cameron said. "I'll see you soon."

"See ya," Wes replied, hanging up. Get it together Bower, you don't need to screw this up, Wes told himself firmly. This could be great for you. He took a deep breath and literally sprinted down the stairs, not wanting to waste his time with the elevator. 

Wes fought the urge to giddily run or skip all the way to the student union, and instead took the walk at a nice steady pace. He didn't want to show up to fast, because then it looked like he was in a rush to get there. But if he got there too slow . . . Damn it, Bower, stop over thinking! That was usually his problem in relationships. He over thought a LOT, and that tended to get him in trouble with guys. 'Trouble' meant not going on a second date.

Wes walked into the student center and headed toward the stairs. He came to the top of the staircase and looked around, trying to spot the café Cameron told him about. Finally he spotted Cameron leaning against the wall, and he jogged over to him, hoping there wasn't a stupid look on his face.

"Hey, what's up?" Cameron asked, stepping off of the wall.

"Nothing, I guess," Wes answered, feeling that awkwardness he sometimes felt with guys. "What about you?"

"Same. Want to get some coffee or something?"

"Sure," Wes smiled.

They walked up to the register and ordered. Wesley ordered a mocha frappachino, and Cameron ordered some strong coffee. They took a seat furthest from the door and started talking. They talked about everything, from their families to the schools they went to, to the the guys they had dated before.

"He was an asshole, but he treated me great. To Begin with," Wes said, starting to take a drink of his frappachino, and realizing that it was empty. He looked up and noticed that most of the people that had been there were gone. "Wow, how long have we been talking?"

Cameron looked around, stunned. "Fuck, I don't know." He looked at his watch. "Its 11:30!"

Wes' mouth dropped open. "Wow, we talked a lot more than I thought." He smiled. "Well, I'm gonna get back to my room now. We'll talk again soon, right?"

Cameron laughed. "Of course we will!" He leaned over and pressed his lips gently against Wes', the touch so light Wes almost thought he imagined it. "Talk to you tomorrow," he said softly.
