 This is placed in no specific world, just a place where there is humans, orcs and other species that aren't really mentioned. You can use your own imagination to decide where you want it to take place. Alexes is the son of the Duke that controls a large amount of land. The farmers on these lands pay taxes to the Duke. Punishment for breaking laws are harsh and deadly making the area mostly safe for travellers and merchants. Since growing up Alexes regularly rides his horse learning more about what lands he will eventually inherit after his father dies.

Chapter 1

One sunny hot afternoon Alexes rides up to a nearby wheat and cattle farm. Massively entitled with a big ego he expects and gets food and drink while out from his father's subjects. The farm had many thin orcs slaving away harvesting the wheat fields. He approaches a cluster of small huts and a barn. The only one around is an overweight orc sleeping on a rocking chair in the shade of his hut. Likely the owner, since considering his weight and laziness. Alexes is familiar with the filth peasants live in but this orc is particularly off putting. Wearing a torn shirt showing unmanicured dark chest hair. Strong legs overshadowed by his gut that cannot be covered by the shirt. Unlike most farm owners this one does not appear to care about being covered in dirt or the stench of his sweat. 

Sitting atop his horse, looking down upon him he raises his voice "Orc. I am your Lord's son and thus your liege. I seek food, water and shelter from the heat".

The orc stirs awake. His eyes adjust to the man in front of him. He stares uncomfortably long noticing the man's feminine features and small muscular frame. His perversions turn into a slight welcoming smile.

"Your wasting time and I don't have forever. Hurry this up and you can go back to playing in the dirt" ALexes said to break how uncomfortable the orc made him feel. 

The orc visibly annoyed and reluctantly got up and waves him into his hut. Alexes follows into the single room hut. He sits at the table while the Orc put's some pork on the fire.

"I am Murat and have always made my payments. So, I'm just wondering what brings you her my little Lord".

"I am not little, and I was scouting my future lands". 

Murat nods and continues prepping the meal. 

Alexe notices a goblin about a foot tall in a bird cage. Looking glum Alexes smiles and notices the goblin cheer up. 

"Were did you get the goblin? They're very rare".

Suddenly smiling, "From relatives on the other side of the continent. I trained this one myself, though he doesn't always listen". 

Murat opens the cage and hand's him to Alexes. Alexes is obviously amused by the funny creature visibly giggling and laughing while it climbs all over him lightly pinching and tickling. Murat get's a sinister idea and excuses himself to go get water from the well. When the door closes shut the goblin perks up moves closer to the wall and starts jerking off his own dick. Alexes is first disgusted but curious.

A virgin, he has only ever touched himself a few times. The goblin is looking at Alexes with lust. Alexes moves over and kneels, a little aroused he moves his hand to touch the goblin's penis. It smacks his hand away, points at him then goes all fours like a dog. Alexes understanding his meaning puts his hands on the floor, knees against the dirt and ass up. It motions him to stay and moves behind Alexes. It jumps on his back pulling at his belt. Alexes feels his own penis erecting and without much thought pulls his pants down. Shrieking with excitement the goblin's three inch cock springs up to Alexes surprise. 

"Holy shit he is actually going to fuck me." 

The goblin grips Alexes shirt while sticking his dick into Alexes bubble pale bum. Not the first time his cock is stuck in a human and not being to big he shives it into Alexes warm hole with not much trouble. Alexes let's out a little whimper as its cock is forcefully pushed in. The speed of its thrusts starts picking up and he's trying to keep himself composed. Soon enough he is painting quite heavily, enjoying himself being taken by this brainless beast. He did not know how much this was going to change his life. 

What felt like forever but was really five minutes, Alexes did not notice the old Orc standing in the doorway. 

"Ha, ha, ha. Having fun are we Master?" Murat said enjoying the show. 

Realizing he's been caught Alexes starts crying and is too scared to move leaving his ass continuously vulnerable to the goblins cock. 

"Don't cry boy I will not tell anyone. Many men all over the world have submitted their ass to a good raping. Kings, nobles and peasants alike." He gives Alexes a cup of water. 

He stops crying and drinks the water, leaning on the other hand to not shift his submissive position too much. After finishing the water he drops the cup glances painfully at Murat. 

"Put your head down so you can get your ass sticking out more. It will open you up more and be a little more comfortable". 

He did as suggested and relieved it worked. 

The goblin finally shoots his load in the young Lord's ass. Warmth fills the boy's gut which he finds as the only comforting feeling in this situation. Ass checks red and leaking cum Alexes lays on his side mentally worn out. He does not protest as the goblin wipes his dick clean banging it against his soft worn ass cheeks. Murat sits at the table waiting for him to recover. Alexes jerks himself off with his weak load hitting the dirt floor beside him. He gets dressed and eats in silence.

"Don't feel ashamed, you have wide hips and a good overall figure. Anyone would be lucky to look as good as you". 

"Thanks.." Alexes feels sexier since he almost never gets complimented on his physique. "I'm really sorry about the mess and I hope your pet is not hurt". 

"He'll be alright he does that to visitors more than you think". 

"Could I come back? I can pay you to play with the goblin again."

"Don't worry about it, you're my Lord's son anything I can do to make you feel comfortable is my duty. And if anything, he should pay you". 

Confused but thankful he left looking forward to next time he can come back. The Orc seemed trustworthy and the farm is remote. so no one is likely to find out. 

The Murat watches him go and knows that he will soon make Alexes his human bitch.