 "Whew! What a run, huh, buddy?" Lee swung his arm around my shoulder.

Immediately I felt the sticky heat from his arm soak my neck, and I recoiled. "Lee, quit it! You're all sweaty!"

"What are you so worked up about?" Lee laughed, giving my shoulder a squeeze and pulling me tighter to his body. I wriggled and squirmed, getting myself free and shooting him a disgusted look.

"Um, what do you think? Gross." The two of us had finally arrived at the door to my house, panting from our weekly run. I'd had to try my best to keep up with him today, as Lee was much more in shape than me, and it had taken a lot out of me. My chest still hurt. Still, it was better than falling behind and having my eyes inevitably drop to his butt as he ran. I did not need that.

"You know," Lee was saying as I unlocked the door and let him inside, "we just had a damn good workout, man. It shoulda worked all the prissiness out of you."

My jaw dropped. "Prissiness? What am I, a fifteen-year-old girl?!"

"You tell me!" Lee chortled, grabbing my shoulder for balance as he pulled off his dirty sneakers. I tried to push him off, but his muscular arm tightened and became hard as iron. I quickly gave up, embarrassed I'd tried. "Sometimes you're just as uptight as a prep school girl, boy, and you've even got that prissy girl face down too."

"Excuse me? Girl face?!" I spluttered, feeling a flush come over me. The heat from Lee's body against mine wasn't helping. I couldn't believe he was teasing me about my looks again. My mind flashed back to the week before, the bet we'd made, and the weird way things had gone. No, don't think about that. Don't fucking think about it.

"Look, I'm just messing with you!" Lee laughed, giving my back a slap. "I knew you'd get pissed at that. You're too predictable, man!" He pushed his way past me and into the kitchen, heading straight for the fridge. "You have to admit that you are pretty anal, though."

"D-don't say that word," I muttered.

Lee looked up and our eyes met. I blushed instantly. Fuck.

But his face split into a sudden smile. "See, there you go! Shit, man, you really are uptight! Lighten up, bro! It's our day off, isn't it? What's there to worry about?" He opened a gatorade and drank greedily, but meanwhile my heart was still pounding in my chest. I'd thought for a second that he was going to bring up last week.

Shit, I'd made things worse by calling attention to that fucking word. He hadn't meant anything by it. I'd been so paranoid the past week that it was going to come up that any reference—anything close to a reference—made me flush and my heart beat faster. It was so hard to act normal around Lee, despite the fact that he hadn't even made a single mention of it.

Like we agreed, we were forgetting it. It was just that it was so weird for him to actually honor an agreement like this that I couldn't help feeling on edge. It had happened. I certainly remembered every detail. He couldn't have forgotten it either, and I kept worrying that he'd make a joke out of it—but, nothing. Somehow he was better than me at this too.

Lee gave a sigh of satisfaction and offered me the gatorade he'd just been drinking from. "Whew. Needed that. You want some too, man?"

I looked into his eyes, hesitating. I wanted to say no, but wouldn't that just call more attention to what was on my mind? Fuck, just take it.

"Y-yeah," I murmured breathily. "Thanks, man." I put the bottle to my lips and took a drink. Ugh. It was no illusion this time—I'd forgotten to wipe the rim off and so I tasted the salty tang of the sweat from Lee's lips. I gulped, feeling thrills of nausea dance in my stomach. I'd just tasted his lips. My fucking friend's. My tongue curled and stuck to the roof of my mouth.

"You good?"

The question from Lee made me jump and I hastily wiped my lips, forcing the bottle of gatorade back into his hands. "Yeah, here." He raised his eyebrows pointedly. I looked away, feeling hot. "W-what? I was fucking thirsty too."

He let out a laugh. "No, no, it's good! You're lightening up, buddy, just like I said!" He chucked the bottle in the garbage as there was nothing left but backwash, and let out a groan as he stretched. "Well, gotta get to work soon. You said I could use your shower so I could go straight over, right? I have my clothes in my bag."

"Yeah, whatever. But I need one too, alright? I'm not sitting in my own sweat any longer than I need to. I'm drenched."

"Running makes you wet, huh?"

"Ha, ha," I replied hotly, for some reason trying not to think of his ass when he ran. It wouldn't be so difficult to keep my mind out of the gutter, except this cocksucker made so many sexual jokes.

"Did you two go running?" My mom suddenly called from the other room, and I flinched. I hadn't realized she was home. For some reason I felt guilty, as if Lee and I were doing something other than just hanging out. Why?!

"Yeah, we did!" Lee called back before I could answer.

"Honey, I thought I told you they were shutting off the water today. Those pipes next door burst, remember?"

My blood turned cold. "Wait, what? That was today?!"

"They sent out the note days ago! I told you like three times!" My mom emerged into the living room, fastening her earrings and obviously in a bit of a hurry.

"Hey, mom," Lee said with a grin, and she shot him a smile as she passed.

"Hi, Lee. Look, I have to head out, but I filled up the tub before they shut the water off so there's enough for a bath, at least. Best I could do. Sorry, honey." She kissed my cheek and started pulling on her heels.

"H-how long will it be?" I sputtered, unable to come to terms with this.

She frowned at me. "If you'd read the note, you'd know, dear. Could be a few hours, could be the rest of the day. But they need to install all-new pipes, so I'm guessing it'll be a while. Have a good day."

And she was out the door, with only the scent of perfume in her wake. My arms dropped to my sides and I stared at the floor in furious disbelief. How could they do this?! Who cares if I forgot when it was—who shuts off the water, period?!

Lee clapped my shoulder ruefully. "Well, bro, sorry!"

I gave him a suspicious look. "What the fuck are you sorry about?"

He spread his hands. "Well, look, I've got work and you don't. We know who's getting that bath."

"You can just go home!" I exclaimed.

"I live thirty minutes away, man, you know that. I'm not getting to work an hour late when my boss is already pissed at me just because you want to sit around feeling refreshed."

"W-wait, so I'm supposed to stew in my own sweat and filth for the whole rest of the day?! Sleep in my bed like this? I've got to get to bed early tonight!" I was talking faster, unable to keep the desperation from creeping into my voice. I couldn't believe we were fighting over a bath. And somehow, I was already losing the argument.

"I can't exactly show up to work like this, can I?" Lee chuckled. "Dibs on that water, okay?"

"Hey, this is my place, remember!" I yelped. "You're not using my bath instead of me!"

Lee shot me a smirk. "Watch me."

"H-hey, what are you—stop!" I struggled to catch him as he went for the bathroom but with his strong arms he easily slapped my hands away and escaped.

"Bro!" He laughed in disbelief. "Your mom said one of us could take a bath, and she owns the place, not you! If you want to use my bathwater after I've used it, be my guest!"

"I'm not going after!" I insisted, hot and flustered now as I followed him into the bathroom. Was this really happening—was I going to be stuck sweaty and miserable all day. I couldn't let it happen. Lee might have had the upper hand, but I would totally be his bitch if I let him take a bath in my own house instead of me. "Look, you can't just take all the water," I said with exasperation. "We have to, like, share at least."

"Share?" Lee got out, his eyes wide with mirth. "You want to share a bath? That's gay as fuck, dude!"

"Th-that's not what I meant!" I managed, blushing madly.

"Look, bro, I'm taking one either way. If you're set on it and won't make it weird, you can come too. But bet you won't."

I recoiled. "Come too—in the bath with you?! What, you want to bet on that?"

"Yeah. Bet you won't."

I stared back, feeling my cheeks burn. He was going to make this about me being uptight? Something this weird? "What'll you give me if I do it, then?" Fuck, what was I doing? I couldn't stop myself.

"How about that hundred bucks you want?" Lee answered. "You owe me when you back out, though."

I folded my arms. "Deal. I'll prove you wrong." Fuck, I'd driven myself into a corner again. What was I doing?! That sick, nervous feeling in my stomach was back, and I felt a slight tremble in my legs. Was I really considering this? Taking a bath with him? No way was I going to make this mistake again. I couldn't. "J-just shut the door, okay?"

"You shut the door."

I made a noise of annoyance but somehow did as he said and shut the bathroom door. Fuck, why couldn't I refuse him? The sound of the lock clicking seemed to seal my fate. My pulse had only quickened now that we were alone in the bathroom together. It was a small room, and just nearby sat the bathtub of water, calm and limpid. Waiting.

Lee was watching me with a grin. "Well? You out yet?"

I seized my sweaty shirt and pulled it off, incensed by his patronizing way. "You want this, f-fine. Let's do it."

My friend let out a laugh. "Okay, dude! If you're that open about stuff! But, hey, you gotta be cool, you know."

"You be cool," I retorted, my voice already getting high. But this idiot was acting like we weren't doing weird shit again.

"It's just a bath, man," Lee snickered. "Why are you so red? I thought we weren't going to make things weird."

"I'm not!" I croaked. "It is weird, okay? We're both dudes!"

"Hey, I'm not the one who was obsessed with bathing. You can back out if you're scared." He began wrestling with his shirt. Oh god, he was getting naked.

"I'm not losing the bet, okay?" I stammered. Then my friend got his shirt off, and I caught sight of his tanned chest and abs. I sucked in a breath as the muscles visibly rippled beneath his sweaty brown skin, shining like wet bronze. How the fuck did he get this toned?! We ran together, and I looked nothing like this!

"This isn't a show, is it?"

"Fuck you!" Damn it, I was already looking at him too much. I had to focus on myself, and I'd be fine. But my pants were next, and I couldn't stop my heart from pounding as I slid them off. For some reason I'd chosen to wear briefs that day and I was acutely aware of how tightly the thin fabric clung to my ass when I turned around. Lee wouldn't look, would he?

I glanced back, unable to quash my own curiosity. Lee was yanking down his shorts, peeling them off his tan, sweaty thighs and kicking free of them. My eyes inexorably dropped to his crotch and widened as I got a look at my friend's bulging package straining against the front of his gray boxer briefs. Fuck! I'd forgotten how fucking huge he was. How did I forget that? I'd gotten awfully familiar with it just last week, hadn't I?! No, stop fucking thinking about that. Not now.

Lee turned around and tossed his sweaty clothes in a pile. Then he slid his fingers into his waistband.

"Wait!" I gasped.

Lee gave me a curious look over his shoulder. "What?"

I blushed. "Y-you can't just... just show me..."

"My ass? What's the big deal? We're both dudes, right?" And Lee pulled down his briefs. The thick brown slabs of my friend's butt cheeks jiggled as he moved and glistened with a sheen of sweat, making his ass look like something out of porn for girls.

Then he turned. I gasped and my hand went to my mouth. My best friend's penis bounced against his thighs, free and out before me. It was my first time actually seeing his dick, even though I'd felt it before. And it was giant.

Lee's brown cock was thick and veiny, its long, glistening length culminating in a large, dark head and swinging like a heavy weight. His balls were swollen and huge too, from what I could see out of a dark forest of pubic hair. I could even smell his pungent musk now that his cock was out in the open.

Fuckkk... I couldn't look away. I felt weak. How the fuck was his dick so much bigger than mine? How the fuck did it have those winding, knotty veins like he was some sort of porn star? I tried to force my eyes away but they just darted across his abs before returning to his cock.

"You okay, bro?" I heard Lee laugh as if from far away. "You're staring, you know."

"N-no, I'm n-not," I gasped, getting a hold of myself. "I-I mean, sorry." My eyes shot up to meet his, and I blushed in spite of myself. I had to look so guilty just then. Fuck. He'd actually caught me staring at his dick. Like I was even into that.

"I figured you'd be pissed!" Lee snorted. "It's big, huh, bud?"

"D-don't know." I turned away, still blushing and trying not to look at him anymore. He was totally fucking naked and stretching now like nothing was wrong with that.

"Well, man? Clock's ticking."

Fuck! I still had to strip too! How had this turned into a who's-cooler-with-this contest?! I grit my teeth. "I-I'm going, okay?" My fingers trembled a bit as I worked them into my waistband and pulled down my briefs, wincing as the cooler air hit my sweaty skin. I couldn't ignore how my exposed ass was quivering as I kicked off my briefs, knowing Lee had to have checked it out.

"Damn. I'd have thought your ass would be more toned after all the running we do," Lee commented from behind me. "It looks like a girl's ass, man."

"S-stop!" I yelped. "What the fuck, man?! Why are you looking?!"

"Bro, relax. We're both dudes. It's not even weird. You'd fall to pieces in the military, my boy."

"Um, it's weird," I responded, my voice still coming out breathy and softer than I wanted. I kept a hand over my junk as I pushed my dirty clothes away from me.

"What are you doing?" Lee was laughing. "Are you one of those guys who always uses a stall to piss, or what?"

"I would if someone was trying to check out my dick!" I retorted shrilly.

"You're going to have to show it anyway. dude. Just chill out. Promise I won't laugh, okay?"

"Nice try, asshole," I muttered, but I couldn't get around it. I pulled my hands from my crotch and tried to act like I didn't notice as I grabbed shampoo from the cupboard. I chanced a look at my dick, and it somehow seemed smaller than I remembered after seeing my friend's—it was slimmer, and slightly pink, too. Lee scoffed from nearby, and my eyes widened in disbelief. "H-hey! What the fuck was that?" I demanded, rounding on him.

"Nothing, nothing!" Lee chortled. "It's fine! You can probably make do, man!"

"Thanks so much," I responded, my voice dripping with sarcasm. "Y-you're not even that big, Lee, okay?" But even as I said it, we both knew it wasn't true, and it earned a smirk from him.

"Sure, buddy. Let's just see, yeah? C'mere."

"H-hey, what—" I smacked his hand away as he made a sudden move, but Lee caught me by the arm anyway. "W-what are you doing?!" My breaths were coming short and fast now, and my heart wouldn't stop pounding as Lee moved in front of me. His naked body was so close that I could feel the heat radiating from his skin. His dark eyes caught mine and he grinned.

"You said it, so prove it. Prove mine isn't so big."

I couldn't stop a shiver from going through me as I glanced down and noticed how close our cocks were. "N-no. You're b-being weird."

"So admit mine is bigger, then. I'm not letting you out of this one 'til you say it."

I bit my lip furiously, knowing I couldn't prove him wrong and that he wasn't letting this go until I said so. Why was my face so hot? Couldn't I act cool about this? "I d-dunno, okay?"

"So let's see for sure then. Pull it up next to mine."

"Um, g-gross. Hey!" I was too surprised to fight Lee as his hands suddenly slipped from my arm and down onto my bare hips. Oh god, don't touch my hips like that... don't hold me like that...

I couldn't believe his rough palms were gripping my body that way. It was like he was about to lift me off my feet. And he wasn't done.

"C'mere," he repeated, and forcefully guided my groin up close to his. I flinched as I felt his pubic hair brush against my dick. "Get it up here." And with one hand Lee took his thick, flaccid cock and hefted it. It rubbed my thigh and I let out an "mmn!"

"L-Lee, c'mon, stop," I pleaded now, and I couldn't keep the breathy tinge out of my voice at all.

"Are you going to say mine is bigger? At least help me compare them, man."

"Uggh. Fine, y-you can see!" I gave up, pushing my dick up next to his. My heart was hammering like it wanted to escape my chest. My whole body was flushed. Of course it was obvious now that Lee's penis was twice the size of mine—a mammoth bulk next to my cute dick.

"Let me see this shit." Apparently Lee wasn't satisfied—all of the sudden he pushed his cock up against mine. I felt a thrill rush through me like ice as our dicks touched. My eyelids fluttered. Fuckk. Fuck. I could feel the incredibly hot skin of Lee's penis burning into my own as they pressed into one another, effecting an intense sensation of contact that sent shivers running through my body. No shorts, or anything. They were actually touching. Our fucking dicks were touching. This was too gay.

My eyes lanced up into Lee's, and I blushed beet red as we shared a gaze doing what we are doing. "L-Lee," I choked out, but couldn't finish the thought. He was peeling our dicks apart and the sight of our skin reluctantly separating from each other's caused my eyelids to flutter all over again. Ughhh...

"Did you see that?" Lee got out breathlessly. "You saw it? You going to admit it now?"

Finally he let go of my hip and I hastily stumbled backwards. The last thing I wanted was for him to grab me again, so I breathed, "Nngh—fine. Fine, I saw it! You didn't need to do that. You're the one who made them... made them touch."

Lee shot me a look, his penis still jiggling between his thighs. "Relax. You'll be okay. The important thing is, are you going to admit who's bigger now?"

He was really going to make me say it? No, why would I be surprised by that? Lee always loved to get the last word. Practically dying of humiliation, I sucked in a shaky breath. "Fine! I-I'll say it. Your c-cock is bigger than mine, Lee. Happy?" I gave him an angry look but he just grinned.

"Bigger?"

"Ugh. Y-your cock is much bigger than mine, okay?" I trembled a bit as I said it.

"Okay!" Lee was beaming like he'd just won the fucking lottery or something. I folded my arms, knowing I couldn't talk back when my face was bright red like it was. How did I always end up submitting to this fucker? Now Lee was going about setting up the bath as cheerfully as anything, setting shampoo and soap nearby like nothing had happened. He leaned over to check the water temperature, returning a verdict of, "Oh, not bad!"

My eyes darted down to his bare butt again. Fuck, it really was thick and muscular. I bit my lip. These dim bathroom lights must have been doing something to me. His butt cheeks actually looked nice gleaming like that. Wait, nice? That was a messed up thing to think. Don't think that.

I realized Lee had noticed me checking out his butt and was watching me over his shoulder. "What, still haven't seen enough?"

"N-no! I wasn't... Lee, I wasn't..." I trailed off, unable to come up with an excuse. It was obvious what I'd been doing.

"I thought you were against all this—now you're happy we're naked?"

"I'm not," I stressed desperately. "If anything, I'm just a little jealous, okay? That's all."

Lee laughed and shook his head. "Come on, man! You're jealous of my ass? That's, like, a girl thing. You look girly enough that you don't need to start thinking that way, too!"
