 When I first wrote about my relationship with Stefan, I incorrectly wrote that our first time having bareback sex was a trip we took in May of the first year we were together. I meant to correct that before I published the story but forgot and I did not expect to write another story about us. But because of responses I received I decided to write about some other moments between us. Our first time having bareback sex actually happened in March of that first year. May was our first long weekend out of town together. For those who haven't read the other stories, I was 34 when this happened. I am 5-10 and was about 155 then. (I'm about 160 now.) I had and still do have short dark hair with brown eyes. Very masc guy and professional. Stefan was 20 with short dark blond-brown hair and blue eyes. He was masc, about 5-6/5-7 and 125-130. His legs were smooth because he shaved them because he was a cyclist. When we met he only shaved a little past his shorts but after being together for a couple months he started to shave all the way up his legs. 

This is the story about how our first bareback time happened.

********

Stefan first mentioned having bareback anal sex shortly after he returned for the spring semester of the first year we were together. We were laying on a blanket in a very secluded spot on the farm my family owned several miles outside of town. It was a very warm day in early March. I had intended to only make out with him and maybe explore a little oral sex, but one thing quickly led to another. I rimmed him after I worked on his cock, which caused Stefan to beg for me to slide my cock into him. There wasn't a person near us for miles, which Stefan knew, so he began to moan, coo, and tell me how much he wanted me inside of him. Luckily, I had brought a couple of condoms. I pulled one out of my jeans that we had discarded next to us. We made love for at least 30 minutes that day, enjoying the breeze blowing over our bodies and exploring several positions. Because bugs weren't out yet, it was near perfect.

Stefan wanted me to cum on his stomach that day. "Baby, I love to look at you when you spray all over me," he whispered into my ear, right before I pulled out, removed the condom, and shot on him. Then he said the words that made my heart stop as I held him against me: "I would love to have bareback sex with you in front of a roaring fire on a cabin floor. I wanna feel you explode inside me. The thought of that happening drives me insane."

We then talked a lot about what it meant for each of us if we had bareback sex. I explained to Stefan that I considered it to be a big step in a relationship, and I reminded him how we had said from the beginning that our situation was just about having fun because he was going to graduate in a year and head off to med school.

In truth, I had been wanting to have bareback sex with him for a very long time. In fact, from the first time we were together. It already felt incredible to be inside of Stefan while wearing a condom. I could only imagine what it felt like to be inside of him bare. I still hadn't told Stefan that I was in love with him, although I was deeply head over heels in love with this very sexy boy. I didn't want to cause him to lose focus on medical school or anything else. Hell, he wasn't even out of the closet, and at that point no one had a clue we were dating/having sex several times a week. And it wasn't like I was out that much either.

**********

Stefan brought up having bareback sex again the week before his spring break. It was a night he had come over right after I got in from work. It had been one of those encounters where we undressed one another as we made our way to my bedroom. Before we got into bed, I pushed him against the wall, his back to me. My cock was already lubed from an incredible blow job he had just given me in the doorway, the saliva was starting to lube his ass as I pushed up against him.

"Oh, baby, fuck me right now like this," Stefan moaned while I kissed his neck and rubbed his shoulders. "I want you inside me right now."

I pulled away to reach for a condom in the table next to the bed, what was quickly becoming "our bed". 

"No, baby, I want you inside me bare," Stefan said in this little purr that drove me insane whenever he used it on me. "Please."

"Stef, we can't," I said as I reached for a condom and opened it. I could tell by the change in his expression that he was disappointed. I still fucked him while he stood up against my bedroom wall. We eventually wound up on our bed, fucking first doggie and then missionary. When I told him I was getting close he said: "Baby, cum while you are inside me...Please baby." He then pulled my lips to his and I moaned into his mouth while I came into the condom, my cock deep inside him.

"Oh Stef that was wonderful," I said in between breaths, collapsing onto him and kissing his left shoulder.

His hard cock was pressing into me, so I reached down to stroke him while I gave his neck little kisses. Stefan started to play with my hair, his breathing increasing each time I stroked his cock. I kissed down his chest and stomach until I reached his cock, tracing my tongue up his shaft and all over his head. I had his cock in my mouth for less than a minute until he began to shoot. I drained him before I pulled my lips off his cock. I loved the way he tasted. I kissed his body as I moved back toward chest. Although Stefan was smaller than me, I liked it when I rested my head on his chest. 

********

Stefan played with my hair for a few minutes before saying: "Rick, I'm serious about having bareback sex. It's something I really want to do with you."

"I believe you, Stef," pausing for several seconds, "but before we can consider that, we need to be tested."

"Why? I've only had sex with one other guy, and he used a condom the entire time...Haven't you been safe?"

I told Stefan that I had experienced bareback sex with two other guys, both of whom were longterm boyfriends. The first guy and I had never had bareback before one another, so we didn't bother to get tested. But before the other guy and I had bareback sex, we were tested.

"How long does the test take?" he asked.

"You should know the results before you leave the office. But they will want to "counsel" you about why you should only practice safe sex. The time I was tested, they wanted to talk to both of us about how to practice healthy sex."

"What was that like?" he said. "I mean you said you are not out that much at all but you had to have a talk with a stranger about something like that?"

"It was a little embarrassing, but I didn't mind because it's all confidential. We actually went out of town to be tested because we were more worried about seeing someone there who might suspect something," I said with a half laugh. 

There was a short pause, then Stefan said: "I would want to do it that way...leave town."

"Well, if you are really serious about this there is a place about three hours away. I don't think anyone will recognize us, but we can sit in different areas of the room to keep it undercover," I said with another laugh. 

"I might actually sit with you there," Stef chuckled and he kissed me on the cheek with his soft lips. 

I then worked my way to the top of the bed, so we were nose to nose, laying on our sides. I looked deeply into those beautiful eyes and gave him a long kiss. Stefan's right foot began to trace up and down my left leg while we kissed. After he pulled away from my lips I said: "I would love to have bareback sex with you Stef. I could think of nothing more intimate or intense than to do that with you...But I will warn you, it might cause us to get closer."

"That is what I am hoping," Stefan said, kissing me again. By then our cocks were stiff again, pressing together as we tightened our embraced during the kiss.

"OK," I said, between kisses to his neck, checks and ears, "when would you like to do this?"

"How about this Saturday?" 

"I thought your spring break began on Friday. Don't the dorms close?"

"Not for me. I requested to live in the dorms over spring break. I told them I had some special research projects and I got one of my professors to write a note that I needed to be in the dorms over spring break. I told him that I wanted to use that time to study and he was cool with it."

"So you're just going to study over spring break?"

"Actually, I was hoping you would want me to stay here." He grinned that smile that made my heart melt and my cock surge with hardness.

"Fuck yeah, that would be awesome...No chance anyone at the dorm will wonder where you are?"

"Nah, they only have a list of people who are allowed to be in the dorm, I'll need to swing by a few times, but no one will think a thing...So can we get tested on Saturday? Please???"

"Wow, you are eager Stef. Almost as eager as I am," I said as I held him in my arms and kissed him with an amazing amount of passion. Stefan traced his right foot over the back of my legs as I reached for another condom to make love to him again.

********

We left around 7 o'clock on Saturday morning, a three-hour drive ahead of us. Even though Stefan had spent the night with me, we managed to fall asleep sometime around 1 a.m. After a quick shower together, which included a blow job from him in the shower, we dressed and hit the road.

As soon as we got out of town, Stefan reached over and grabbed my right hand with both of his hands. "Rick, I'm really glad we are doing this. I want to be as close to you as I can while I am here with you."

"That sounds like you only have a few months to live."

"You know what I mean," he said, squeezing my hand.

"I don't want to shock you Stef, but I never thought anyone could make me as happy as you do. I know we can't really get outside a lot, but I can't begin to tell you how much I enjoy your company. It's not just the sex, which is amazing. It's our conversations, it's the time we spend together when you come over to my place and study, and it's the phone calls that we have when you are back on campus."

"Awww baby, I know what you mean. And if you had told me that I would EVER call another guy "baby" I would have said you were crazy. I didn't even know how mushy I could get with another guy. Like the first time you gave me flowers I almost freaked out but then I just got so turned on that I loved it. And by the way, I don't know if you have noticed this but every time you give me flowers you get an automatic blow job."

"I might have noticed that," I said, as my cock grew harder in my pants. "And I'm glad you call me baby when we aren't in bed or having sex. I like it a lot," I said, smiling at him. He took my hand to his lips and gave it a very long kiss.

*********

When we got to the place for HIV testing, the room was already a little crowded, but there were a couple of empty chairs next to one another, where we filed out our forms. We noticed what appeared to be a few other gay couples in the room, one was holding hands. I could tell Stefan was a little nervous, so I took his left hand into my right hand. He squeezed it as I rested our hands on his left leg.

We were still holding hands when we met with the nurse for our screening. I didn't do that with the other guy I was tested for. I told the nurse that we were together. "Are you partners, in a committed relationship?" she asked.

Partners? I knew the question was coming, but it still sounded a bit odd to me. Before I could answer, Stefan replied: "We're boyfriends. We have been dating since last September."

I just looked at him, amazed at the language this once shy guy had used. My mind wandered back to that day we met in the bookstore, clueless about his orientation. Now he was telling a stranger that we were boyfriends.

"Have you been exclusive and always practiced safe sex? Have you been with anyone else?" the nurse asked.

"Exclusive," I quickly replied. "We've always used a condom during anal sex."

"Exclusive here as well," Stefan said. "I mean, why would I even consider being with another guy? I mean, don't you see how hot he is?" 

I was speechless. The nurse smiled and said, "You too do make a very cute and charming couple. I will be right back."

I just looked at him and said: "Wow, you are very out of the closet this morning, Stef."

"Too much?"

"No, not at all. I just never expected to hear you talk this way. I kind of like it. And it kind of turns me on a little too."

"You turn me on period," he replied, cupping my face in his hands as he leaned in to give me a long kiss.

*** 

The counselor told us what we knew: we both tested HIV negative. But he encouraged us to continue to use a condom, suggesting ways that we could make sex more intense yet keep it safe. We listened and nodded, holding hands the entire time we talked to him. 

We were still holding hands when we walked out of the clinic, making it the first time we were out like that in public. "Baby I am so excited," Stefan said when we reached my SUV. "I can't wait to feel you inside of me." By then, we were at the passenger side of the SUV. Up until then, I had never gotten the door for Stefan, and when I did, I pushed him against the SUV and kissed him. Right there in public. Now anyone could see we were boyfriends.

*******

Stefan had put his left hand on my right leg before we got out of the parking lot. As we drove out of town, he said: "Baby, I know you are rock hard right now. I'm horny as hell too...God I wish we were closer to your place."

"Would be nice."

"I really wanna fuck you right now. God I want to feel you inside me right now."

I took the next exit and pulled into a gas station. But I didn't pull up to a pump. Instead, I pulled into a corner of the lot and pulled out my Blackberry and scrolled through my contacts until I landed on one that could solve our problems. 

"Hi, do you have any rooms tonight?...Just one. We need a king size bed...Great...could I get that on the club level?...Awesome...Oh, about 1:30 OK?...Great."

Stefan looked at me with the biggest grin: "What was that about?"

"Got us a room here in town. At one of the nicest hotels in the city. I stayed there a few times for a conference."

"But we didn't pack any clothes or anything," Stefan said, still smiling. 

"We can swing by a store and get everything we need. The hotel has a laundry service that can wash our clothes...The room I got has complimentary robes...Besides, we won't need clothes," I said, taking his left hand and leaning in to kiss him. 

"What will we wear when we go out to eat?"

"They have room service...and I plan to feast on you."

Stefan leaned into me and kissed me deeply as his hand felt my crotch. We were parked off to the side in the parking lot, and my SUV had tinted windows. But we kissed long enough that time to be noticed. I was amazed Stefan didn't care. 

When we pulled into the Walgreens I made a list of things we'd need for our one night in the hotel. I told Stefan than he could wait in the SUV while I bought them. 

"I want to go in with you."

"You won't be embarrassed if the clerk figures out why we're buying so much lube?"

"I want to help pick out what we use."

While in the store, Stefan broke off from me and then returned while I was alone in the toothpaste aisle. He was holding several pairs of women's white thigh high stockings. 

"How about we get these?" he whispered, careful to show them to me.

"For what?" I smiled. 

"For me to wear," he held out a couple pair of the thigh high white stockings. 

"Jesus Stef, what's this about? Is there a side of you I don't know?"

"I just think it will be fun. I don't know my size in women's clothes so we might need to buy a couple."

*******

When we got into the SUV, Stefan let out a roaring laugh.

"Oh my god, did you see the look on that lady's face? Shaving cream. Razors. Tooth paste. After shave. Tooth brushes. A couple kinds of lube. Women's thigh high stockings. She was freaking out just a little. She had the craziest look on her face!"

"Where did you get the idea for the stockings?"

"The internet," Stefan smiled back at me. 

"The internet? As in porn?"

"As in I searched for ideas and ways to spice up your sex life. One page talked about using white socks and stockings to accent your legs. And you're always telling me how much you like my legs. And since I shave them for cycling I thought I'd give it a try...I've been wanting to try it but too scared to buy women's clothing near campus or, god, when I was home. So when I saw them in there I thought I'd take a chance...Too weird?"

"No, actually it's kind of sexy. It's even sexier that you want to do things to turn me on even more than you already do. I'm already at the point where I get hard just thinking about you..."

Stefan put his hand between my legs and said with a cute grin: "So I feel."

"So you'll check in with me?" I asked as we pulled out of the parking lot.

"Why wouldn't I?"

"They'll know we're together when they learn that I have reserved a room with a king size bed."

"You mean they'll know we're going to fuck each other's brains out all fucking day and night?"

I paused for a few moments and smiled. Then looked at him when we reached a red light. "Stef, you are so blunt now about things. When we met you were this shy guy who I didn't even know if he was into guys."

"Oh I was into guys dude. Before you I masturbated almost exclusively to guys, from porn to guys in class to even a few celebs."

"Celebs? Really? Like who?"

"Like pretty much Zach Efron. I've jacked off to pretty much every picture of him on the Internet. Especially anything shirtless. Dude I'd fucking marry him."

"Leave me for Zac?"

"Baby you could join us. We'd make a Rick sandwich."

***

It felt a little awkward to check in holding just a few bags from Walgreens. The clerk was a young male who picked up pretty quickly that we were a couple. He smiled when he asked if this was "your first time here together?"

I told him I had been here several times for meetings. When I asked him if I could get a late checkout he smiled at me and said: "Three o'clock late enough?"

"I didn't know you could check out past one."

"Well, I can overload that. I'm the weekend manager. As far as I'm concerned we screwed up your reservation and that is how we are paying you back. Besides we don't have a lot of reservations for Sunday"

"That's cool," Stefan said. 

As we walked away from the desk with our keys, the clerk called me back. I told Stefan I'd catch up with him at the elevator.

The clerk said to me I'm a hushed voice: "I hope you two have a wonderful time. He's absolutely adorable and you two make a very cute couple."

I smiled at him, blushing, and said: "Thanks. Would you mind sending up some extra bath towels?"

"Of course," he smiled, winking at me.

*******

We stripped when we got into the room. The extra towels were already on the bathroom sink. We then put on the white robes given to guests on the club level, so I could call about having our laundry done. Stefan was all over me while I placed the order. Thankfully I could place our clothes in a bag outside of the room. Otherwise, they would have walked in with Stefan kneeling in front of the bed while he sucked me. I didn't want to cum that way however, so I pulled him off me and told him that I wanted to take a shower.

The hotel had an amazing shower. We washed one another's hair and bodies, kissing along the way. We shaved when we got out of the shower, although Stefan didn't have much of a beard. I got incredibly turned on watching him shave his legs. "I was going to do this on Thursday, but I am glad I waited until today because you love the way they feel right after I shave them," he said.
