 One day, while in a gay chat room on the Internet I met Roger. He actually contacted me after he visited my home page. 

After having cyber sex that first night, we began exchanging pictures and e-mails. Within about two weeks, we began having phone sex on a regular basis. We shared the same curiosities, fantasies and went in the same direction during our chat room and phone sessions.

One day, Roger announced that he was coming to town and would really like to meet me. I didn't know what to do. I told him on the phone that I was nervous and that I had never met with someone from the Internet, nor had I ever had sex with a man.

He assured me that we would not rush things. Roger had never had sex with a man either, but we were continuing this non-touching relationship and this would be the first and probably the last chance to meet for a long time.

I thought about the possibilities of meeting with him and actually trying out our fantasies. The idea got me hot and I couldn't really think of a reason not to. 

On our next phone session, I told Roger that I was indeed ready to meet and we made our preliminary plans.

He was to be in town for four days and would be here in three weeks. His company was paying for the hotel and no out-of-pocket expenses would be needed for the accommodations. I arranged to take the weekend and the following two days off from work. 

Over the next three weeks, we spoke of and chatted about our plans for the weekend. Most of the time, however, we spoke of our fantasies and moaned over the phone or got our clothes messy while masturbating.

Well, Friday came and I went to the hotel we were to meet. I called Roger's cell phone from the lobby and he told me that he was in room 1705 and was waiting. I asked if he would meet me in the bar and we could have a drink. I told him that I would meet him at the front door of the bar. 

He had to have been in the elevator by the time we hung up, because within three minutes he was walking up to me. We shook hands at the door and moved inside to get a table. 

I spent a few minutes looking at the man I had been having a cyber relationship with for the past few months. All of our traded pictures left out the facial features to insure anonymity. In real life, however, Roger was very attractive. 

He's about 5'10 and weighs around 175lbs. His brown hair is cut short and he has no facial hair. Blue eyes, nice smile with white teeth and a body that I could tell was in reasonably good shape. Oh, he has a nice butt, too.

I'm about 5'11" I weigh around 185lbs. I have brown hair and hazel eyes. I'm carrying a few extra pounds, but nothing gross.

We talked for a while had a few drinks and ate sandwiches. We talked about everything from politics to sports and women. A few times during our conversation, we smiled at each other, holding onto the stare for a moment. There were also a few times that our knees touched and the contact was held too. There was a definite tension between us, and I must say that it was pleasant.

After a few more drinks (mostly for me to loosen up), Roger asked if I wanted to go upstairs. I smiled and thought to myself, "here it is, the moment of truth." Would I go up and become intimate with him, or would I back out? 

Roger stood up and asked: "Are you coming?"

I smiled and said, very quietly: "Not yet."

He looked confused and a little nervous. He was thinking that I wanted to stay in the bar. I smiled again, got to my feet and headed out of the bar. I looked over my shoulder and winked at him. He smiled and followed me to the elevator.

While on the elevator, riding up to the seventeenth floor, we stood next to each other with our backs to the wall. My thumbs were hooked into my pockets and my hands were slightly cupped and hanging free. I felt his fingers slide into my left hand and my heart jumped. 

I turned to face Roger and he moved closer to lightly kiss me on the lips. I don't know if it was the alcohol or the pent up desire to be with a man. In either case, before I knew what I was doing, I turned to him and kissed him back.

It only took a second. Our arms were wrapped around each other and we were necking in the elevator. It was very sensuous. He sucked on my tongue and I lightly bit and sucked on his lower lip. Then our tongues were interlocked in my mouth and we were kissing with fervor. 

Our ride ended and the doors opened. Roger left the elevator and I followed him to his room. Once inside, he turned and shut the door while I walked into the main part of the room. 

Roger walked in and I became the aggressive one. I walked to him and put my arms around his neck. I tipped my head to the left and our lips met again. This time we were even more ravenous. Our tongues were inside and out and we were licking and sucking each other's lips. 

Breathing hard, Roger stepped closer to me and placed one leg between mine. We both began to rub our crotches on each other. I could feel hardness on my hip and the feeling of his hip on my erection was wonderful.

His hands were lightly rubbing up and down my back and sliding closer to my ass each trip. He finally got the nerve and grabbed my right ass cheek, pulling me even closer to him. 

My arms were still wrapped around his neck; I slid one hand to the side of his head and grasped his jaw. I could feel his jaw working while we kissed and it felt very sexy to hold a man's face in my hand.

Then I remembered, I left my bag in my car! I whispered in his ear that I had to go down to my car to get my bag. We broke our embrace and I quickly started to leave the room. I turned around, stood and looked at him. I slowly walked back, wrapped my arms around him and seductively kissed him on the neck. 

I whispered in his ear, "Give me the key and get comfortable."

He slid the card to the door into my hand and I turned and left the room.

While I was in the elevator, I put the card into my front pocket and felt a wet spot that had formed in my jeans. I looked down and could see a slight dark spot on my crotch. I couldn't believe how turned on I was!

I got to my car, got my bag then went back to the hotel elevator. Back at the room, I slid the card in the slot and opened the door. The lights were off and I could see that the sliding glass door to the balcony was open; the sheer curtain was gently blowing into the room. 

I sat the bag and the key card down and walked to the balcony. Outside, there was a small table with two chairs on either side. On the table was a bottle of wine, two glasses and a note under the bottle.

I picked up the note and it read, "I'm in the shower, please don't join me. Pour us a glass of wine, sit down and relax. It's a beautiful night, isn't it?"

I had to agree, it was a wonderful night. It was in the seventies, a light breeze blowing and every thing smelled clean and refreshing. Not to mention the fact that I was being romanced and seduced by a man for the first time in my life! 

I poured two glasses of wine, sat down and began to sip while listening to the sounds of the city. I could look to the west and see the outline of the ocean and the lights of small boats and ships of in the distance. 

In about 30 minutes, Roger slipped out onto the balcony. What a surprise! He was wearing a pink, satin gown, white stockings and flat sandals. I could see that he had a bra or something on; there were breasts under his robe.

He said, "I have to confess a fantasy that I wasn't sharing with you."

I didn't know what to think. He had no make-up on, no wig, but he was wearing very feminine clothing. 

"I'm not a cross dresser, but I love to wear lingerie. I've never had sex with a man while wearing these things and I want you to be the first."

I spent a few seconds looking at him. His lingerie was very sexy, I wouldn't ever mind that on a woman, and I didn't mind it on him. As a matter of fact, it looked very inviting. 

"It is a beautiful night isn't it?" I said.

He smiled and leaned over to get his wine from the table. "Yes it is." 

We sat there, drinking wine and chatting about everything we thought of. The smell of the ocean was drifting to us on the late spring breeze and everything was great!

When we finished the last of the bottle, Roger stood up and walked over in front of me. He untied his robe and let both sides fall. As he stood there in front of me, I could see that he was wearing a white bra, garter belt, panties and white stockings. 

He stepped up to me and I slid my arms inside his robe. He sat on my lap straddling me and slid his arms around my shoulders, leaning in and began to seductively kiss me. 

My hands were sliding up and down his back, from his ass to his shoulders. I let one hand linger on his ass and could feel that he was wearing a bikini panty over the garter belt. 

With my right hand, I wandered from his left shoulder blade, down his side and over his hip, to the outer part of his left leg. He felt wonderful in his stockings and the thin; string band of his panties was very erotic.

While kissing and basically making out, Roger began to rotate his hips on my lap. With my jeans on, I couldn't feel anything but pressure and friction. But, I was getting increasingly hard and Roger began to softly moan, during our hard breaths.

He stood up and took my hand. He stepped to the railing of the balcony and pulled me close to him. I wrapped my arms around his stomach and leaned in to kiss the back of his neck. My hands began to wonder from his stomach and up his chest on the right side. On the left side, my hand slid down the outside of his left hip, down the front of his leg and then around the back of his leg to his ass. 

I gently squeezed his ass through his panties and then moved around to his hip and pulled him closer to my erection. I was slowly grinding my hips into his ass and I could feel him push back against me. 

My right hand was wandering from his neck and down over his chest. I could feel that he had a small amount of cleavage and his breasts were nicely enclosed inside his lacy bra. I was really enjoying all of this. 

After a few minutes of kissing the back of his neck and feeling his ass and his breasts, I moved my hand from his ass, to his lower stomach. I was moving it up and down in slow, short movements. He took his hand off the railing and placed it on top of mine. 

He turned his face to mine and we began our tongue dance again. While we were kissing, he slid my hand down to his crotch and began to squeeze my hand making me squeeze his erect penis. 

It was the first time that I had felt another man's penis. I couldn't believe how erotic this was! He was hard, and of good size. He wasn't huge just nice. I loved the feeling of his penis and balls inside his lacy panties. 

My hand slid inside his panties. I wrapped my fingers around him and began to gently stroke the length of him. 

He turned his whole body toward me, forcing my hand out of his panties. He stood facing me and said: "Can we make love?"

I smiled at him, kissed him on the cheek and whispered into his ear: "Please?"

We walked back into the room and then into the bedroom. 

We stood face to face and he began to undress me. Starting with my shirt, he unbuttoned each button, kissing, licking and nibbling as he went. He pulled my shirt out of my pants and the unbuckled the belt. 

Kneeling before me, he started to unbutton my jeans while gazing up into my eyes. He got my jeans undone, and began to slide them off of me. 

I was standing in front of him, wearing only my underwear. Roger hooked the waistband of my bikinis and then slid them down my legs, letting my erection spring out. I stepped out of my underwear and he took me into his hand, gently stroking the length of me. 

He was sliding his free hand from my thigh, around to my ass, up my lower back and then back down over my stomach to my balls. He took my balls into his hand, squeezing them and began to lick the head of my cock. 

He was still massaging my cock and then he began to lightly suck on the head. Soon, he was grabbing my ass and my erection was sliding down his throat. He was extremely good at oral sex, and soon had me thinking that I was going to explode in his mouth. But I wanted to play too! 

I took myself from his mouth and holding him by the shoulders, guided him back to his feet. I sank my tongue into his mouth and could taste myself. We were kissing like sex was new to us. There was no holding back, we were both so caught up in the moment that we were getting each other's mouths and faces very slippery with saliva, it was wonderful!

My hands were roaming his body. Inside and out of his panties, grabbing his cock and his balls. Sliding my fingers into the crack of his ass and to the hole. He was exploring my body. 

We lay on the bed in each other's arms, kissing and fondling. I rolled him onto his back and slid down the front of his body. I had to have him in my mouth. I trailed my tongue over his chest. Stopping only long enough to undo his bra, I sank my mouth onto his nipple. 

I positioned myself between his legs, and continued to suck on his nipple. My tongue started to trail down to his stomach and to the top of the panties he wore. I peeled the panties off his body and off his legs.

Before I knew it, my face was at his crotch. I took his cock into my hand and began stroking. When I got to the head, I slid my thumb over it and felt the slippery liquid there.

I began to lick the pre-come from the tip of his penis and realized that I had tasted the first fluid from a man. It tasted very erotic and it was very slippery. I swirled my tongue over the head of his cock, and played with his balls while I continued to stroke him. Then, without even thinking about it, I took his cock into my mouth and swallowed as much as possible. 

I moved my head up and down on him while my hand matched my movements. I was going to make him come in my mouth. I wanted to taste his semen in the worst way! But after a few moments, Roger said that he wanted to get into a sixty-nine with me. 

I positioned myself on my side with my cock in his face. We sunk our faces into each other's crotch and really began going for it. 

Pretty soon, I felt his finger at my hole. He began to push inside me very slowly while his mouth was working at my cock. I knew what he wanted and I wanted to give it to him. I wanted to be the woman tonight. 

I took my mouth from his cock and said: "Why don't you tell me what you want?"

His only reaction was to roll me over onto my back and spread my legs apart. He pushed my knees to my chest and sank his tongue into me as if I was a feast. I could feel his tongue push into my virgin hole. I was too tight and he couldn't get it all the way in. 

But, I too had my fantasies. I told him to wait for a minute and went to my bag. I came back to bed with a bottle of lube. I handed it to him, and told him to prepare me for himself. 

With that, I sank my face into his crotch and began to suck on my lover's cock again. I got up on my knees and turned my ass so he could get to it with his hand. 

Roger squeezed some lube onto his fingers and began to massage the liquid into my hole. His fingers were very slippery now and he was easily able to slide one finger inside me. He went slowly and began to rotate his hand, opening me up.

When I felt his finger slide inside me, I began to suck faster and with a purpose. He asked me if I wanted another finger inside me? I could only whine in answer. I felt my ass opening up to him further and I sucked faster. 

He took my feverish sucking as my invitation to further exploration. Soon, he had three and then four fingers inside me, getting me ready for his cock! 

After a few minutes of being fingered by Roger, I couldn't take it any more. I took my mouth off his cock and rolled over onto my back. 

"Come here." I said.

He got onto his elbows and knees and began to slide up my body. I wrapped my legs around his hips, spreading myself open. When I felt the tip of his cock at my ass, he stopped. His face was inches from mine, I rose and sank my tongue into his mouth and pulled his hips toward me with my feet.

I could feel the head of his hard cock spread my hole open and push in. It was the best thing I'd ever felt! Much better than any dildo I had ever used. He stopped when he felt the head of his cock spread my sphincter. 

I relaxed my muscles and then began to push as if during a bowel movement and also started to rotate my hips. I wanted him inside me. 

Roger took my invitation and pushed himself in as far as he could, but slowly. Soon, I felt his balls against my ass. I kept rotating my hips and pushing up against him. 

He pulled back out a little and then pushed again. He continued that, but each time he pushed faster and harder. Within a few minutes or seconds, I don't know, he was thrusting inside me and pulling almost all the way out. 

Another man was fucking me for the first time in my life. Roger made love to me, thrusting faster and harder by the second. We were kissing and moaning. My legs and arms were wrapped around him and we were moving together perfectly.

At one point, Roger rose up on his hands; he grabbed my ankles and was fucking me as hard as I had ever fucked a woman. He was kissing my ankles and sucking on my toes. I reached down and felt his penis sliding in and out of my ass, very sexy! 

I looked at him and couldn't believe that I was being fucked buy a beautiful man wearing a garter belt and stockings. The whole visual aspect got me even harder and I was very close to coming. 

I told Roger that I was going to come and he began to thrust faster. I felt him swell up inside me and pumping even faster. Within seconds, he began to shoot inside me. 

I came almost as soon as I felt his hot seed fill my ass. When I came, Roger started to pump my cock and aiming my come onto my chest. 

When we were finished, Roger licked the come from my chest and kissed me deeply. We fell asleep with him lying on top of me and his softening cock inside me.

When we later woke, we took a shower and began the whole thing again. But that's another story.