 Great news finally came, my way!

I was offered a new position in Southern California, after my company decided to open a branch down there. I work for a travel company based out of Seattle, in the sales department. I became a sales leader after consistently breaking sales records and dominating the department. Now it was my job to set up a new sales crew and make it perform successfully. I've taken my job seriously for years and it paid off. I always make it a point to look sharp, smell good and be assertive.

I was born and raised in Bellevue, WA. I never moved out of the area and after 27 years, I needed a change. I had only been to California on vacations a few times. I always enjoyed the sunshine and warmer weather down there. I grew tired of the constant rain and slick roads in the Seattle area. I was excited to break away from my family and friends and try something new.

I was flown down to Los Angeles in the company jet with my supervisor and other people from corporate. We had a week to set up the new offices communications systems and find a place to live. The week flew by and we got things working at the new offices. The sunshine and palm trees was a nice change of scenery, I loved my new surroundings.

The offices were in Century City and I found a nice place to live nearby. I rented a spacious 2 bedroom condo with a beautiful view of the city. It came with a community pool and hot tub on the roof. It also had a weight room and a lounge, it was perfect for me. There were also a lot of good looking people around the hallways an offices. There was also several hot babes sunning by the pool, this was going to be great place to live. Being single once again, I was looking for a new love interest. I flew back to SeaTac with a perma grin.

I got myself ready for the move as soon as I got back to Bellevue. My company paid for the moving truck and other moving expenses. I said good bye to Mom and Dad and all my old buddies. The next day I loaded up my Mustang with my suits and drove south as fast as I could. I made it down in two days and the movers took good care of me. I was all set for work and ready to relax for a few days. I felt so free without parents close by and I knew nobody around here.

I arrived on a Wednesday and didn't start my new job till the next Monday. I had five days to get acclimated to my new surroundings. After getting unpacked and settled in that first day, I went to bed kind of early. It had been a long drive and I worked hard to get set up.

I woke up the next morning in my new place with the normal morning wood. The sun was shining and I was in a great mood. It was Thursday morning and all I wanted to do was to sit in the sun and get some color on my pale skin. I went out for breakfast and went food shopping after. It seemed that everyone was fit and good looking. I dumped off my groceries and headed for the pool around 11:30.

I was pleasantly surprised that nobody was using the pool yet. I laid my towel down and stretched out. I put in my earphones and took in the sun. I was half asleep when I heard a noise that brought me back to earth. I looked up to see a couple about my age setting up their towels and stuff on the other side of the pool. I looked at my phone and saw it was already 1:00pm.

The guy looked handsome and had a nice tan body. The woman he was with looked grumpy and overweight. Kind of a mismatched couple, in my opinion. The woman was nagging him about something and he looked irritated. Then a sexy young woman came down and laid face down by them. I could tell he was checking her out, she was wearing a very revealing bikini and looked like a supermodel. His woman noticed him checking out her nice ass and he got hell for that. I felt bad for the guy. 

I decided to hop in the pool and swim a few laps. The water was warm from the sun and felt so refreshing. After a few laps I sat up on the edge of the pool and looked over at the guy. We made eye contact and we smiled and nodded at each other. He came over immediately, with his hand out, ready to shake mine, as if we were old buddies. I went along with it, thinking this is California baby, what the hell.

"Hi I'm Brian, are you new here?" He asked with a friendly smile as we shook hands.

"Yes, I just moved in yesterday. Oh hi, I'm Mark." I said, surprised by his friendliness.

He sat down next to me on the edge of the pool and we began to talk with our feet dangling in the water. He was a great looking guy with dark hair and a fit body. I began to wonder what he was doing with that ugly mean woman. I guess good looking guys grow on trees down here. 

"Are you from around here?" He asked with a nice smile.

"I wish, I just moved here from Seattle, I was offered a transfer and gladly accepted it." I stated. 

"That's great, I think Seattle is a beautiful area. I just don't like that much rain." He said.

"Have you ever lived up there?" I asked.

"No, but I've been up there many times. My brother lives in Kirkland with his wife and kids." He said as he checked me out a little.

"I just moved from Bellevue, which is right next to Kirkland." I said with a smile.

"I've been to Bellevue many times. Boy that city has grown fast. It's like a mini Seattle with all the new high rise buildings there." He said as he smiled and sat a little closer.

"You got that right, Bellevue is booming." I said as I felt more comfortable with him.

"What do you do Mark?" He asked kindly.

"I work in sales and was just promoted to a sales manager position. I'm going to be setting up the new sales department for my company at our new Century City location." I said with confidence. 

"Wow congrats dude, we should celebrate sometime. When do you start your new job?" He asked as we exchanged smiles.

"Not till Monday, I would love to celebrate with someone. I don't know anybody down here and I never party with co-workers." I admitted.

"Yeah, especially if you're the boss." He said as he nudged my shoulder.

"What do you do Brian?" I asked, now feeling more relaxed with him.

"I'm a cameraman for channel 4 news here in LA. I'm on vacation this week and would love to help you celebrate. Would you be up for a few drinks tonight after dinner?" He asked sincerely.

"That's great, sounds like fun. You wanna meet up here at the pool or come by my place?" I asked trying to hold back my enthusiasm. 

"I'll come by your place, alone." He said as he rolled his eyes in the direction of his woman. "What unit are you in?" He asked with a warm smile.

"Stop by and don't bother to bring anything. I stocked up my place this morning. Oh, I'm in 409." I said 

"Oh my god, I'm in 411, that's two doors down." He said with a big smile.

"You can bring your lady with you if you want." I asked trying to figure them out.

"Hell no, she's on the rag right now and has been a real pain in the ass lately. She's actually my wife, we got married seven years ago." He said.

"Uh oh, you getting that seven year itch?" I teased him and nudged his shoulder.

"Yes, unfortunately. She use to be a hottie but now she's spoiled and lazy. She's put on a lot of weight and is so unhappy all the time. I don't know what to do anymore." He said with a frustrated look.

"Fortunately for me I never married and left Bellevue a single man. I wish I had a hottie like that to fuck around with." I said as I looked towards the babe sunning close by. 

"I wish I could trade her in for my wife, god that's a nice piece of ass." He said as he nudged my arm.

"I'm an ass man myself, just look at her buns. I'd love to play with that ass all night." I joked.

"I'm an ass man too, god I've been so horny lately. I'd do anything for a piece of ass like that." He said quietly. 

His wife looked over at us with a stern look. She looked pissed off for some reason. 

"Hey Mark, I better go tend to my lovely wife." He said sarcastically.

"Ok Brian, I better get going myself. I've got some things to do this afternoon. Feel free to stop by anytime, I'll whip up some margaritas for us when you arrive." I said with a smile. 

"Sounds great buddy, see you around 6:30 or 7:00." He said as he got up.

Brian walked over to his wife and she smiled at me, as I waved to her. I noticed Brian had a nice ass himself. He was tan tall and handsome. I looked forward to hanging out with him later. I gathered my stuff and headed for the exit. I waved to Brian and he gave me a nod and a big smile.

I took a shower and got myself looking good. I went out for dinner at In & Out Burger, it had been a long time since I had one of their burgers. It was great and I was ready to celebrate with Brian, when I got back to my new place. I set up my kitchen and blender for the margaritas. I flipped on the TV and settled down, eager for Brian's arrival. 

Brian showed up just before 7:00, he looked great in his shorts, flip flops and tank top. I welcomed him in and I showed him around my place. He was California cool, very friendly and funny. He complemented my new place. 

"Wow Mark, this place is really nice. You're lucky to have this all to yourself." He said.

"Brain, I've never been happier. I love being in California and so glad we met today." I said with a reassuring smile. 

"Hey I brought a joint with me. You up for a toke or two?" He asked with a sly smile.

"Sure, that will go great with a few margaritas." 

"Awesome, let's get this party started." He said as we head for the kitchen. 

I fired up the blender and whipped us up a few margaritas. We toasted to my new job and tried our drinks. 

"Uh, that is very good." Brain said as he exhaled smoke.

We ended up smoking pot and drinking lots of margaritas. I had a new drinking buddy. We partied our asses off and had a great time. We began to talk about blow jobs and sex. Pornos and strip clubs, became another topic of discussion.

Brian was getting pretty wasted and began to say some funny sexual stuff. I could tell he was feeling pretty good. 

"You know I'd rather mess around with you than my own dam wife, you have better ass and your fun to hang out with." He said in a sarcastic voice.

I never messed around with a guy before, I lived way to close to family and friends in Bellevue to do anything like that. My parents and friends drop by all the time, I'm sure I would of gotten caught. Now I was free to do as I pleased, I was drunk and really horny. My bi-curiosity, was growing fast, Brian was a perfect candidate. He was good looking, had a nice tan body and seemed approachable. I was hoping I could sway things in a new direction. 

"Are you serious?" I asked with a big smile of approval.

"I'm joking, I never have done anything like that with a guy. Have you?" He asked with a shy grin.

"No, never. I've watched a few gay pornos before though, have you?" I asked hoping for a yes.

"Sure, I've seen a few hot ones." He said.

"Did you jerk off to it?" I asked in a joking way.

"Of course, didn't you?" He threw it back at me.

"Every time, why not." I stated.

"Yeah, why not." He said in agreement. Then took a big slug of his margarita.

"I'll get my laptop out." I said as if asking for approval.

"Go for it Mark." He said and began to laugh out loud.

I went to grab my laptop from my bedroom and looked back at Brian. He was all smiles. I recently had a new sexual fantasy I thought would never come true. I wanted to be with a hot guy, like Brian and feel each other up. Then I wanted him to rub his big hard cock all over my face, alternating rubbing his big hard cock from my left cheek to my right cheek. As if teasing me that he wouldn't shove it in my mouth. I wanted to feel a hard cock, tease me over and over till I couldn't take it anymore. Then I would grab it, suck it and make him cum all over me.

The reason I've never done anything with a guy before, is because I never had the opportunity and the right situation. I was now pretty drunk and felt like anything could happen. I was ready to mess around with his sexy ass and suck his cock if things go that way. I brought my laptop in and fired it up.

"How about, 'Hot Gay Guys'?" I asked hoping he'd be cool with that.

"Sounds great, I want to see that right now!" He said, sounding pretty drunk.

I put the laptop on the kitchen counter and we stood close to each other. I picked a video out and hit the play button. There were two hot guys in a locker room in thongs with nice asses. They began to kiss and grind and feel each others asses. 

"I think that's pretty hot, don't you?" I asked as my cock began to grow and my heart began to beat faster.

"Way Hot!" He said as he stared at the screen.

"I don't know about you but my cock is getting hard." I said as I felt my growing bulge.

"Really, can I feel it?" He asked nicely.

"Hell yes, only if I can feel yours." I said. 

"Sure buddy, what happens here stays here Ok?" He asked.

"Definitely." I stated.

Brian reached for my cock and squeezed it gently and he began to breath louder and faster. I was enjoying a mans touch for the first time, it felt natural and nice. The porno was getting hotter also. One of the hunky guys began to pull the other guys thong down and began to suck his big long cock. My cock was completely hard now.

"That feels great Brian." I said as I groaned with approval.

Then Brian put his hand down my shorts and felt my solid rod, this was getting way to hot. I was loving it. I put my hand on his ass and began to massage it tenderly. 

"You have a nice cock Mark, it feels like mine. Can I see it?" He asked in a horny nervous way.

Without responding, I dropped my shorts and let my hard cock free. Brian immediately began to gently play with my hard cock and balls. I began to tug at his shorts and he dropped them for me. I took off my shirt and he did the same. We began to rub our cock heads together. The laptop was still on but we were only watching each other now.

"This is so hot man, can I trade you in my for my wife?" He asked sounding serious and horny. 

"Sure, why not!" I said honestly.

I noticed our cocks were very similar. His was a little longer and thinner than mine. His cock was shaved clean, mine wasn't, yet. The friction of our cocks rubbing had me leaking pre cum and it made our dick heads look shiny. The slickness felt great and I was hard as I could be, his cock looked so dam suck able. I wanted that thing all over my face.

"Can I tell you secret?" I asked.

"Sure man, tell me. I'll keep it between us." He said in a kind way. 

"I would love it if you rubbed your big hard cock all over my face." I said hoping for understanding. 

"Yeah but would you suck it when I shoved it in your mouth?" He asked with a flair in his eye.

"I'd love to!" I said boldly. "I just want to suck a dick one time in my life. If that fucked up?" I asked.

"Hell no, it's a natural craving we all have once in a while." He said with approval.

I grabbed his hand and led him to my bedroom. I sat on the end of the bed and he stood before me. His big hard cock was inches from my face and then he began to rub it on my cheeks and all over my face. My hands were gripping the edge of the mattress as he teased my face. His cock head began leaking pre cum and the slickness felt great on my cheeks. He slid it back and forth across my face, like I wanted. I parted my lips as he slid his cock all over my face. I tried to lick the pre cum as his cock head passed by my lips. This was more sexually intense than I ever imagined. I was never so turned on before. I reached for his ass and gently rubbed his smooth buns. He kept sliding his cock all over my face. He put it in my eye sockets, up and down my nose and circled it around my lips. 

That was it, I couldn't take anymore. I needed to suck his big juicy cock right then. I grabbed it by the base and slid it around my face with more force. Then I put it up to my closed lips and slid it back and forth, getting my lips wet with his pre cum. I opened my mouth slowly and took the head in and sucked on it hard. Brian let out a loud grown and I started to pump the base of his shaft. 

I began to suck Brian's dick like a pro. I used the muscles in my cheeks to suck him hard and the taste of his pre cum turned me on even more. Sucking his dick was a lot of fun and extremely erotic for me. I've had fun licking pussy but sucking a nice big cock was way more enjoyable. I was loosing control, my lust for his cock was growing more and more. I began to try my best at deep throating. My craving for his cock was off the charts. 

"Oh my god, Oh my god!" Was all he said.

I took him deeper and deeper down my throat. He started to shake and twitch, his load was building and I was eager to feel his warm cum all over my face and mouth. I finally throated that cock after about 50 tries. My mouth was finally at the base of his cock, it was awesome.

"Oh Mark, I'm going to cum any second." He said out loud. 

I began to suck him with all my might. Then he exploded a nice big warm jet of cum in my mouth. 

"Ahh Mark, Oh My God." He yelled as he came.

I pulled his dick out of my mouth and held it and let it shoot all over my mouth, cheeks and chin. Then I slid the slick monster all over my face. The cum was a nice lubricant and I pressed it hard all around my mouth and cheeks. I felt Brian's leg shake a little and he put his hand on my head to stop me. I reluctantly pulled away from his throbbing cock and wiped my face with the back of my hand. 

"Dam, I've never cum so hard in all my life. That was so intense!" Brain said as he stepped back to catch his breath. 

"I always wanted to try that, Oh My God that was fun." I said with cum dripping off my chin. 

"It looked like you were enjoying that as much as I was. I haven't had a blow job in years. That was by far the best one I ever had." He said with a big smile. 

"If you want to return the favor, I'm sure you will love sucking my cock as much as loved sucking yours." I said.

"Mark, I'm an ass guy. I'd love to blow you and play with your ass, if your cool with that?" He asked sincerely. "You have a great ass Mark."

"That sounds like fun but I'd feel better if I took a shower first." I said, hoping he could wait a few minutes. 

"Ok, but I want to I wash your ass for you. I would love to feel your ass in the hot shower." He said.

"Yes please, I'm all yours buddy." I replied.

Brian followed me into the bathroom, I turned the water on and we stepped in. I felt a strange nervous excitement, I never felt before. We took turns rising off then Brian began to massage my ass with both hands. It felt great and I encouraged him to keep going. Brian soaped up his hand and began to massage my ass crack as we grinded our cocks together. Then Brian began to lightly bite my ear and roam his index finger around my tight hole, he spread my ass cheeks with the other hand. It felt great and pulled him in closer, as if I approved and wanted more. 

Then Brian pushed his finger in and did a circular motion with his finger. It felt amazing and I moaned out loud with approval. Then he pushed in a second finger and I welcomed it with a moan of pleasure. I knew where this was going and I eager to let him take me all the way. 

My hands were gripping his hips and soon I let them drift to his ass. I massaged his buns as he finger fucked my ass. I began to slide my fingers up and down his ass crack as well. Then I pushed my index finger in and gently bit his ear. He licked my cheek with his tongue and we were lost in lust. I wanted this guy so badly, I couldn't wait much longer. I pulled back and did a final rinse and we stepped out and he dried me off. Paying special attention to my aching hard cock and ass. I had not cum yet but I wasn't worried, I let my desire build up. I knew when I climaxed it would be mind blowing. 
