 A popping ember from a fireplace log snaps and brings me out of my drowsiness. I don't know how long we have been napping in each other's arms. But I feel very refreshed, if not a little sticky.

Burning candles on the Jacuzzi give me an idea and I slide out from under the comforter. I begin filling the Jacuzzi with hot water and scented soap bubbly. I touch myself and find a hint of an erection. 

I come back to the fireplace and gently kiss you and squeeze your smallish cock, waking you from your nap. I look you in the eyes, grab your hand and ask, "Do you want to play some more?" You roll your eyes in mock amusement, as if to say, "Dumb question."

We get into the tub, filling nicely with very warm, relaxing, soapy water. It is so comforting. We are opposite ends of the tub, legs overlapping. I can reach your feet and begin to massage them. As I do, I begin to feel the stirrings in my loins.

You are reveling in your foot massage, eyes closed, hand hidden underwater. I slide my foot between your legs and find your hand caressing your stiffening cock. No wonder you look so content. As my foot finds your hand, you wrap your hand around my foot and slowly, almost casually begun to hump my foot. It must feel good for you because it feels really good to me.

"Oh fuck baby," you begin reminiscing, "I have never been so hot, so hard as I was tonight. When you told me I could not touch myself and then you teased me with my ass vibrator. Oh God. I was so ready to come anytime. And then you made me watch men make love with their hands and mouth, I could hardly stand it. I wanted to fuck you so bad. And you wouldn't let me. I NEEDED to come, to be masturbated, then, lover, you touched me with your lips and I could do nothing but come and come hard in your mouth. Thank you, loverboy, for making me cum. Strangely, I feel like coming again."

I laugh out loud and hard, "Strangely?" I spurt. "You're fucking my foot, buddy; of course you feel like coming again." 

You open eyes as if you were in a trance and nearly blush. I think you didn't even realize my foot was your surrogate hand. But having realized that, you slide a foot into my crotch and start massaging my boner. Working your toes on my dick cap, teasing my circumcised ring. Oh my, a foot job. And it feels oh so sensual in the heavily scented water.

Now it's getting interesting. I take my other foot to meet my "working" foot, making a tight crease for you to slide in and out of. You are seriously getting worked up. I take my feet away and turn around in the tub, now lying next to you. My hand grabs that luscious golden rod of yours, as I crawl into the small of your armpit. I look up and reach for your lips with mine. Kissing you, then my tongue darts in to find your fire. You are now moaning, and I can feel your cock surging in my hand. You deserve my ass, and I stand up to kneel over the tub. My legs are still in the water, and you slide right in behind me. Your wet hands search for my delicate petal, drawing circles tighter and tighter, like a bulls-eye, then plunge your thumb into my waiting ass. It feels so good, your tiny thumb-cock. Fucking me slowly, gently, tenderly. Then you take your other hand off my left cheek and force your other thumb up me too. Oh my god. You spread your thumbs, making me bigger, uncomfortably so. My moan has the threat of pain. You lower my ass into the water and I feel hot water seep into my ass.

Maybe I'm delirious, because I don't feel you remove your thumbs and replace it with that fucking hard cock of yours. You're pounding my ass, draped over me, breathing your hot breath on my neck. Stroking in and out of me. Using my butt hole to masturbate yourself with. Sometimes deep, sometimes very short, repetitious strokes. Then I feel you stiffen, then scream, then buckle as your eruption empties into my ass. Oh you are so erect, will it never die? You keep pumping my cherry ass, ropes of cum shooting up my ass. Then you pull your pole out, and keep sliding up and down my soapy crack, shooting cum on my back. Didn't you just cum in my mouth a few hours ago? My bruised dick, banging on the side of the tub, needs serious relief.

You finally exhaust that seemingly endless supply of love juice you have coated me with. You are spent. That blow job I gave you a few hours ago is nothing compared to how wasted you are now. 

But I'm not. You lay back in the tub, completely and totally relaxed. I sit up on the side of the tub, spread my legs and start caressing my balls, sliding my fingers down to my aching, but drenched love hole. At eye level, your interest is piqued. 

I start to move my hand up my very hard rod. Stroking it, squeezing it. Moving both hands now around my sexual parts. Squeezing and stretching my balls. Masturbating forcefully. 

You have a glint in your eye as you lean forward and open your mouth and look up at me. "May I?" you ask? "God yes, please," I reply. 

You weren't really waiting for an answer, as your hot lips engulf my straining penis before the words were out of my mouth.

Your right hand is stroking my cock, giving me a wonderful hand job as your lips massage the top half of my enormous pole. You can tell I'm so close to explosion, as the pace of your mouth and hand quicken. You pull your mouth off me, but leave it open, almost as a target, while you jack me off, faster and faster until my hot cum starts to shoot onto your face and then I find your mouth again and fuck hard and fast, filling you with my love. I won't release your head from my cock until you've sucked all my cum from me.

Now it is I who is spent. 

"Let's go to bed, while our cocks are still soft," you recommend.

We pull the drain plug, towel each other off, spending extra time in our sensitive crotch areas. Your relieved penis is so cute, I slide my mouth over ALL of it, fitting so nicely in my mouth when it isn't hard. I run my tongue all over it and it feels so good, so clean, so empty. Finally we are finished drying off and touching and playing, we crawl into bed, legs and arms tangled about each other, as we drift into sex-charged dreamland.

"I hope you can get it up in the morning," I tease, "I'm not through with you yet."

All I hear is the soft purr of a thoroughly relaxed, sleeping boyfriend.