 As we stroll out of the restaurant to the elevator, you put your arm around my shoulder and whisper in my ear "I love you, Keith. I am so very excited, turn me on!"

I put my arm around your waist and lean back into you, "You turn me on too, baby!"

"NO, lover ", you say, "TURN ME ON, in my ass, turn it on." 

I can be so stupid sometimes. Sheepishly saying sorry, I slip my hand into my pocket and turn your probe back on to 2. A moderate tingle goes up your spine and a purr of contentment emanates from you. As we get to the elevator, you remind me how much fun we are having, how great dinner was and how much you are looking forward to spending the night with me. "Me too, sweetie" I agree.

The elevator lands in the lobby, and some people get off. We get in, just the 2 of us and I put the key in for the private Suite landing. As the doors close, you unzip yourself and pull your glistening cock out and slowly stroke it for me. "Fuck am I horny," you manage to squeak. "I have never been so sexual, I feel like ...I don't know what... I want to fuck and be fucked, suck and be sucked, rub and be rubbed. I am on pure sexual overload."

"God, golden Rod" I say as I move to you and kiss you. My hand joins you in massaging your exposed pole. You are panting and breathless, kissing me and driving your tongue deep in my mouth. My own massive erection wants to do battle with yours. But just as I think of unzipping myself, the suite level door ding reminds us we are almost to our room.

I grab your cock and drag you behind me as I fumble for the room key and get the door opened. You rush in, and before I can get the door closed and locked, you have your shirt off. "Slow down, tiger" I say.

I pull you back to me and look into your eyes and tell you how much I love you and how special tonight will be for us. "Exploring all our carnal pleasures," is all you can say. 

You close your eyes as I kiss your cheek and drag my lips to yours. My hand slides down your chest and belly and fumbles with your belt. When I get your belt undone and release the clasp on your pants, they fall to the floor. Oh how I want to taste you, feel that gigantic cock in my mouth. I kneel down, give your enormous rod one long lick and then untie your shoelaces, pull your shoes and socks off. I take you by the hand and have you step out of your pants. You stand naked before me.

"Unfair," you shout. "Perhaps," I say, "Come here". 

I kiss you deeply and then show you our suite, a small fire is burning in the fireplace. It looks so inviting, and the room smells softly of wood smoke and lavender. It is as intoxicating as you are in your pure maleness.

I take you by the hand and lean you against a wall. I put your hands at your side. "Until I tell you otherwise, you may NOT touch yourself or me." I warn. 

I go to the TV, turn it on and put a DVD in. The screen shows 2 men kissing. It is SO hot. "Something for you to watch, baby, I know how excited you get when you watch men make love", I say. "It took me a while to find a high quality man movie, and I know you will enjoy watching this one."

You turgid member is straining for release, to be touched, caressed. To be mouth-loved. You are begging softly for my love. "Soon baby," I assure.

I stand before you and start unbuttoning my shirt and unzipping my pants. You watch me strip for you. I remove my shirt and T-shirt and caress my hard nipples for you. You are moaning softly. Your eyes move off me and I follow them to the TV as we watch 2 men laying on a bed with their hands on each other cocks, masturbating slowly. You suck in a large rush of air. "I want you to do that," you manage to exhale.

I remove my pants, then start sliding my underwear down my legs. That brings your eyes back to me. I step out of the pile of clothes on the floor and stand before you naked. My cock is so long and erect. We look into each other eyes. Nothing is said, just the crackling roar of a fireplace and our hard breathing are the only sounds in the room.

I move closer to you, our mighty erections nearly touching. Our cocks start wagging, trying to make contact. I take another small step and our penis' heads just touch. Little "ohhhhs" come from each of us. 

I move to your side as you silently buck your hips, fucking the air. Your big, golden rod swelling more, leaking copious amounts of juice. I whisper in your ear about all our fantasies. How much fun we have had on the phone. And your eyes are glued watching 1 man suck another man's cock on TV. "I NEED that", you moan. 

You are purely a sexual being right now, your cock the only sensory tool. It is wagging, trying to make itself release. I find the probe controller and turn it higher. "OH GOD" you cry and your penis starts its pre-ejaculation dance. You are almost ready to cum. 

"O-O-O-O, I'm building, I want to cum lover, tell me I can cum, make me cum," you demand of me.

I kneel in front of you and lick my lips. I am so ready to blow you. I put my lips on the tip of your engorged pole. As you slide into my hot mouth, you can not, will not hold back. The first spurt hits the back of my throat and disappears. You grab my head to avoid falling. Your second ejaculate fills my mouth with your steamy fluids. All I hear is "OHHHHHHHHH".

Your third thrust through my rosy lips overflows my mouth and your seed is running down my chin. God I'm drowning in your cum. I stand up, kiss you and your tongue runs in and licks my tongue clean. Your love nectar is so sweet and we swap it back and forth until we get it all down. You are still humping my belly and my enormous erection, spurting your cum all over me, coating my cock with your hot juice. We finally separate and you are dizzy with tingle. "Oh fuck" are the only words coming from you.

"Come here baby, let me lay you down" I say, guiding you to the rug in front of the fire.

I lay you on your back and spread your legs. And then turn my cherry ass to you and have you run your fingers around my love chute, while I reach for the vibrator probe and then you fuck me with 2 big fingers in my ass and I am SOOO hard. I lean down and remove your backside "friend". A shudder goes through you as I pull it out. I lean down and kiss your delicate, but slightly enlarged, petal.

"DO ME, Keith" you command, and I slide my well-lubricated penis around your hole. Your love hole is sucking at me and my cum-covered cock is sliding into you. It sucks me in all the way. We gasp and moan very loudly. As I fill you with my manhood, you pull my face to yours and kiss me again. "Baby," you say, "Fuck me hard. I want you to cum in me now." 

The past 2 hours or so have been so erotic, and so sexually charged, that my cock swells and then erupts, shooting my fucking hot load in you and then I pull out and ejaculate wildly all over your shiny penis and belly, collapsing on you, while we breathe softly, laying in each other's cum and in each other's arms.

We are spent. I pull off the bed comforter and cover us while we breathe and kiss softly.

"Oh, sweetie," I say, "you are the greatest!"