 There was a slow dripping sound as water fell from the tap into the waiting bathtub. The tub was calm and still, waiting for my friend and I to enter it together. Lee was nearby, hanging a towel for himself, and as he stretched his naked brown body still gleamed with sweat. This was a body I would soon be up against.

Why was I going through with this? I must have been insane, but there was no way to back out now. I had to salvage things by getting through this bath without anything else weird happening... that is, if Lee would let me.

With a jolt I realized that if I got in second I'd be stuck on his lap again, the last thing I needed at a time like this. "I'll get in first!" I announced hastily, stepping into the bath and sliding down into the mercifully warm water. My naked body seemed to relax almost instantly, and I almost forgot where I was. Yes, this was what I was missing.

Then a shadow blocked out the light, and my eyes widened as Lee stepped over the rim of the bath in front of me.

"H-hey, wait!" I choked. He stopped, one leg in the water, his large, thick penis dangling inches from my face. I recoiled, but there was nowhere to go. "S-stop," I breathed.

"What? I'm stopped," Lee replied. I glimpsed a slight smile on his lips. He was teasing me. His bulk loomed above me, and once he noticed my discomfort he drew closer. "What is it?"

"Y-you know what! Get it... get it out of m-my face. It's too close, Lee," I stammered, a blush filling my cheeks with heat. I blinked rapidly, my eyes darting across Lee's cock up to his stomach and then down to his thighs. It was all right fucking there.

"Ohh, come on," Lee laughed. "I thought you weren't going to be so prissy, man! What's so scary about a cock?" He swung his back and forth, and his dick swayed dangerously close to my face.

"It's n-not scary," I muttered. "It's weird, okay?"

But he drew closer. His dick was inches from my face now. I imagined I could feel the heat from it radiating against my cheek. "L-Lee. S-stop."

"It's no big deal, man. I thought you were going to lighten up."

"It is a big deal!" I said shrilly. The pungent smell of my friend's junk assailed my nose and my head was starting to feel fuzzy. It was just so close.

"You said I had a nice cock, bro. You said you liked my body. What happened?" I was at a loss for words, chewing on my lip like I was trying to keep my mouth shut. And then he did it.

I felt the hot flesh of Lee's bare cock press into my cheek like a brand, and I let out a feminine gasp. "Ahn! L-Lee!" I was pinned against the wall of the bath and had to feel the knotty, warm length of my best friend's penis drag up my cheek, and his pubic hair brush my lips. Oh fuck... he was really touching my face with his stuff...

Each breath I took overwhelmed my senses. I was sucking in the burning heat of his junk, and trembling as I suddenly tasted salty sweat on my lips. "Mmnnn," was all I managed. "Nn."

"You going to taste it?" Came Lee's voice through the haze.

No, no, I couldn't do that. I couldn't. But it was right there, and a sudden, terrifying curiosity overcame me—I'd never tasted anything like this before. This was my only chance. It was an inch from my mouth.

Fuck! What was I thinking? Had I lost my mind? I was straight! But now that I had the urge it was all I could think about. The warmth of his dick was soaking into my cheek, insistently. I could just try it once, right? Just to see. I tilted my head, and felt my nose rub against Lee's dick. It was right there. Right there.

My lips trembled as I opened them and pressed them softly into his cock. Immediately I felt a shiver like electricity run through me, and pleasure rush in to fill the void. Ohhh ffuckk... I'd actually tasted his cock. I'd tasted it.

It was so salty. My tongue quivered, unable to respond as the taste rolled around inside my mouth. This was my friend's dick.

"Ohh, come on!" The distant voice came. "You actually did it. You weren't just saying that stuff? Seriously?"

I remembered where I was. Lee was drawing back from me in surprise, and I immediately caught his eyes as he searched my face for answers. I blushed hard. "S-sorry," I gasped. I was still shaking.

He was shaking his head. "Come on. You can't... you can't do shit like that, man! I was fucking with you." Lee seemed annoyed and flustered himself.

"Y-yeah, I know," I muttered, looking away in utter humiliation. I'd tasted him. I could still taste him. I couldn't get it out of my head. I was totally Lee's bitch now. He could make me say it, too, after he'd gotten me to do that. I was just so mixed up by the smell and the heat, and I was so horny anyway. It wasn't my fault. I wasn't thinking straight.

"Damn it, just make room."

"W-what?" I realized Lee was finally sliding into the water—facing me as he did so. No, that was too unbearable. I writhed about in the bath in desperation, turning myself around to face the faucet and gripping it for support. The warm water sloshed and churned against me.

"Quit thrashing," Lee complained as he settled in behind me, and suddenly his calves were pushing around my legs on each side under the water.

"H-hey!" I shrieked.

"Relax!" Lee griped, giving me a shove. "I need to stretch my legs!" All of the sudden his bare, hairy thighs were sliding around either side of my hips as he extended his legs. Ohh fuck. His thighs were so warm against my hips. But this meant... that his...

I shot a glance over my shoulder. Lee's junk was resting inches from my butt crack under the water. I leaned forward, grabbing my knees, but flinched as I realized it was just dragging my butt towards his cock. No, no, no, no, don't do that. Not again.

So I couldn't move. I was trapped, wedged up in the front of the bath as Lee sat behind me, pinned between his legs. Even his arms were resting on the sides of the bath, making me feel confined inside with him. 

"D-don't get s-so comfortable," I said weakly.

"You're practically swallowing that tap, man. You wanted this bath, didn't you? You said you did. Now you're going to stay like that the whole time?" Lee snorted.

"No, I'm not," I shot back, but even I was starting to feel the pain of the faucet against my breastbone. I had to follow through, and try and relax. As gingerly as ever I settled back. My eyelids fluttered as my back brushed against Lee's muscular bare chest. I thought I felt his thighs tighten around my hips. I could feel his hot breath on the back of my neck.

I was sitting against my friend again, practically in his lap. How had I let this happen?! Not only that, but this time we were both naked. I let out a shaky breath, trying my best to relax my muscles. My heart was pumping too fast, and I thought I might have been kind of hard. I had to fucking calm down. We were just taking a bath together. So what if we were naked? So what if I could feel something pushing into my buttcheek?

"Comfortable?"

"No," I murmured angrily.

"Sure," he laughed. "Look, let's just hurry and get cleaned up." He grabbed the bar of soap and suddenly began rubbing it on his body. I squirmed as I felt his muscles flexing against me. Water lapped back and forth and I had to try to stay still to avoid making things worse.

"H-hurry up," I grumbled.

"What, you want some soap too?"

"No duh."

"Alright, here. Hold still." And suddenly Lee's hand slid under my arm and onto my chest, digging in with his fingers and dragging soapy lather over my bare white skin.

"L-Lee!" I gasped. "Lee!"

His other hand rolled the bar of soap against my stomach, his fingers carving grooves in my bare belly. I couldn't stop squirming as his rough palms dragged over my nipples, my stomach, my bellybutton, soaping all over. I clapped a hand over my mouth to stop from making weird sounds, but it didn't work. "Nn! Nngh! Lee!" For some reason I couldn't stop him.

"Hey, I'm doing you a favor," Lee said good-naturedly. "I knew you were going to prissy about this so I thought I'd give you some help." Fuck, why was he acting like this?! He just kept taunting me!

All of the sudden Lee seized my hips in his strong fingers, and I let out a shriek as he hauled my butt up out of the water. "What are you doing?!" I demanded, but he held me fast. I was shaking too much and I had no purchase on the slick walls of the bath to escape his grip, leaving my naked butt totally exposed to my best friend.

"Look at this butt," he chortled. "I told you it looked like a girl's, man. Why is it so white and clean? Do you shave it or what, dude?"

"N-no," I whimpered, grabbing his muscular arm to no avail. "It's always l-like that, okay?!" I was blushing like crazy. Lee was staring at my ass! Why?! Why couldn't he just let me go? I was dying of humiliation.

"Well, you could work on it more if you wanted it to look like mine. But hey, maybe you want a girly ass. I don't know. Hey, at least I don't mind doing you a favor and soaping it up when it looks like this," he snickered.

"W-what?"

All of the sudden I felt Lee's fingers on my bare butt, dragging down along the slick skin. I jerked and let out an "oh!" But he didn't stop—I felt his soapy palm push into my buttcheek and begin making circles—his fingers digging into my soft flesh. He was feeling up my ass.

My forehead pressed into the wall of the bath. I was trembling, unable to move. A heat filled my head and made it impossible to think. What was going on? I was letting him grope me. Why couldn't I do anything?

"Gotta really work that in there!" Lee decided, and his hands began more aggressively groping my bare butt, pulling and grabbing. My body felt like fire with the sensation of my butt being felt up like that, and I was letting out pitiful little involuntary breaths. I could feel cold air against my butthole as Lee dragged at it.

Suddenly Lee gave my butt a slap. I squeaked as my buttcheek shake like crazy and pain blossom where his fingers had smacked against my flesh. "L-Lee!" I gasped, but he was laughing.

"S-sorry, bro, I—I couldn't resist! I thought it was a girl's for a second. Look at that!"

"It's n-not," I murmured desperately, wriggling more anxiously in his grasp. He'd spanked me! My best fucking friend! I was a guy! Couldn't he get that through his thick fucking skull?!

"You're so my bitch, man," Lee was giggling. "I can't believe you're letting me just slap your butt and stuff." He was industriously dragging soap up and down the back of my thighs now, pulling his fingers back up onto my butt several more times. "I think you should call me daddy again, dude. I want to hear it again."

"N-no way," I stammered. Lee suddenly gave my butt another spank, and I let out another little shriek. "Lee! S-stop!"

"I'll stop if you say it. That's the deal."

"Nnngh," I groaned, my cheeks full of pounding heat. My butt felt hot and stinging now after he'd given it a few slaps. I didn't want to take any more. I wished more than anything that I had some strength in my useless fucking limbs, but I was trembling and powerless to fight against him. I knew I had to say what he wanted.

"Well?"

"I'm going!" I hissed. "Lee... L-Lee, you're my daddy." My eyelids fluttered.

"Mmm, that's more like it," Lee agreed with incredible satisfaction. "Come on, say it again."

"Lee!"

"You heard me!"

"Uggh!" I looked at down at the bathwater in disgust. "Lee, you're m-my daddy, okay? I'm sorry, daddy. I'm... I'm your bitch, Lee."

Fuck. I'd said it.

"Fuck, man! Listen to that mouth!" Lee let me go so suddenly that I didn't have time to catch myself, and I collapsed back into the bath with a splash. I wiped water out of my eyes, cringing.

"F-fuck, why didn't you let me go sooner? Y-you're so fucked up." I felt all queasy but at least my butt was out of his view again. I don't know if I could've endured it if he'd started paying attention my butthole or my balls.

I caught a glimpse of Lee's giddy face with a wolfish smile of white teeth. "I needed to make you admit it, and you did! Fuck!"

"I c-can't believe you felt my butt like that," I muttered furiously, trying to change the subject. "That's, l-like, really gay."

"You didn't stop me doing anything," Lee countered snidely. "In fact, when you were calling me daddy you sounded pretty into it."

My mouth popped open. "What?"

"Are you going to be honest, or do I have to grab your body again?" His hand kept its strong grip on my hip. "Tell me one more time how you feel about my body. Come on." I caught his eye for a second and quickly looked away. I couldn't bear to meet his eyes right now. Not as I thought about just saying it. "Tell me what you like," Lee goaded.

The bathtub felt like it was giving up waves of steamy heat. I was overwhelmed.

"Mmn. I... I like your b-body, okay, Lee?" I couldn't stop the words from finally tumbling out. "I like your d-dick, daddy." Fuck fuck fuck fuck. What was I saying?

"Fuck! Listen to that dirty mouth! C'mere, dude, we have to clean that shit out." Lee suddenly hauled me against himself by my waist, and I thrashed as I felt my bare butt slide against his thighs under the water. Lee's soapy fingers suddenly fought their way onto my face and pushed past my lips with little resistance.

I let out a gasp, bearing my tongue to the air as the invaders wriggled into my mouth. I choked, and my mouth closed around his fingers involuntarily. I couldn't fight a sudden suck, and nearly gagged as I tasted soap. Lee's fingers were pushing back and forth, their rough girth pushing into my tongue. I didn't try to spit them out. Somehow the intense sensation of slippery fingers inside my mouth was overpowering, and I felt my dick begin to throb. "Nnnnnn! Nnnn."

"Yeahhh, dude. Suck on them just like that." Lee was totally lost in his power fantasy, and I felt his arm tighten around my waist. I realized I was on his lap again, and I could feel the heat of his thighs against my bare butt. I was on his lap. I was sucking his fingers. Oh god, how had things gone this far?

I felt Lee's hand dig into my thigh. His other hand clawed onto my stomach, pressing into my belly and pulling my body tight against his heaving torso. I could suddenly feel the hard ripple of his abs against my back. "Suck like your my slut."

"Nnnnnnngh," I let out a moan, unable to stop myself. I was gagging as Lee's fingers pushed into the back of my throat repeatedly, causing tears to spring to my eyes. I clutched onto Lee's taut biceps, my fingernails digging into his skin.

"Rub your butt on my lap, come on, make some use of it."

"Mmnng," I got out, but did as he said and began dragging my butt back and forth on his thighs, thrusting my buttcheeks against his waist and his groin. I could feel all of his hair down there as I wiggled my butt around, desperate to keep him occupied for the moment. Fuckkk this was a lap dance I was giving him. The image of strippers doing this for guys flashed into my mind, and I tried to emulate their movements on top of Lee. Why? Why?!

I shuddered as I felt a hard mass suddenly press up against my soft butt. It could only be my best friend's cock. He was starting to get hard. "I can't believe you," Lee was growling. "Ngh. That's actually good." He pulled his fingers from my lips with a pop. I gasped for air, finally able to breath again with his fingers out of my mouth. But now his rough hand was around my throat, calm but firm as fuck. "You can't just fucking work me up like that, dude."

"W-well, it's n-not my fault," I pleaded, shaking my head. "You m-made me."

"Yeah, right! I see how hard you are. Look at you." Fuck, he was right. My penis fucking hurt it was so rigid. It must have been the situation driving me crazy, with Lee messing with my head so much. "You have to fix this shit. Turn around."

"Why?" I breathed anxiously. I could feel the huge rod of his dick pushing up into my balls as I sat on it, and every moment it was growing bigger.

"I want you to face me, buddy. Turn around."

"Alright, alright!" I croaked as his hand began to tighten on my throat. "I'll turn around, Lee." Awkwardly I struggled to re-situate myself on his lap, the water of the bath splashing back and forth as I rubbed my buttcheeks all over his thighs. Finally I managed to face him, and slide my thighs around either side of his waist. My butt settled back down onto his lap, flooding my cheeks with warmth—but now I was facing him.

Our eyes met. I blushed madly. My heart was pounding a mile a minute. I was sitting naked on my best friend's lap. This was a fucking sex position! My dick was twitching inches from his stomach.

Lee's face was ruddy and his dark eyes gleamed as he looked me over. "Fuck, dude, look at you," he groaned. "You look so fucking girly."

"I know," I whimpered, unable to stop myself. "S-sorry, fuck."

"And you can't take back all that stuff you said," Lee warned. "You said you're my bitch, remember?"

I looked away in exasperation. "F-fine," I muttered.

"Do it again, come on. I want to hear you admit it. Say you're my slut, too."

"L-Lee," I begged, but his hands remained on my waist. "Ughhh! F-fine. Okay. I... I'm y-your bitch, Lee. I'm... I'm your slut." As soon as I said it I felt pleasure ripple through my body with an electric shiver. Ohhhh ffuckk. His slut. That could only be sexual.

Lee seemed totally worked up now, like I'd never seen him. "That's right," he breathed, grinning. "See? So you fucking deal with this. You deal with my cock."

"Y-your c-cock?" My voice caught.

"You got it hard." Lee was watching me challengingly, his face a foot from mine and his breath hot on my chest. "You're not gonna say 'no' now."

"I won't let you m-make me..." I started, blushing as my eyes searched the waters below for his penis. "You want me t-to..."

"You have to get it off. I'm not kidding."

"Lee, th-that's so gay," I gasped.

"You said you liked it. After all that dirty stuff you said you can't pretend you don't want to."

Fuck. No, I didn't want to. I didn't, did I? Fuck, I almost wanted to see his cock again. Just a little bit. The taste of it still lingered in my mouth, it was so powerful. But I couldn't suck him off, I couldn't. He was a fucking guy. I couldn't suck his dick. It didn't matter how horny I was just then. In fact, I needed to get off too or there was no telling what I'd let him do to me. I needed to get off, fast.

Lee was still watching me and I couldn't help but meet his eyes again. "I need to... to g-get off too, okay?" I managed in my girlish gasp. "Let's just... let's just do this now, t-together. Don't make me d-do weird gay stuff."

"So start it," Lee demanded, his breaths fast and impatient. He leaned back against the back of the bathtub, and all of the sudden his thick brown cock began to rise out of the water, gleaming in the steamy light. It throbbed right in front of mine.

Butterflies filled my stomach with queasy excitement. Fuck, his cock was so hot. Wait, stop. Just focus on getting us both off. Don't think about it.

My heart still pounding, I moved my hips forward and gingerly pushed my hard dick into Lee's. Our cocks ground together and my eyes rolled with the burning sensation of his huge penis throbbing right against me. What the fuck?! I was making things worse!

But it felt too good—I couldn't stop myself from moving my hips, grinding my dick up against Lee's. I felt the knotty veins roll against my pink cock, and precum eagerly pumped out me. I grabbed his shoulders. Lee let out a small snarl.

"Ohhh, L-Lee," I gasped. I began rubbing up and down on his dick, and soon he was totally hard and throbbing at full-mast, easily dwarfing me with his size. But I could feel him moving his pelvis too. I was flushed, my head filled with haze, my heart thundering away in my ears.

My best friend and I were rubbing our cocks together. I'd never done anything like this in my whole life. Ohhh fuck, what was I doing?
