 I grew up in the Blue Mountains west of Sydney. In high school I was part of a tight group of friends. There were four of us and we stuck together through a lot of crap; it wasn't easy being outside the 'in' crowd at times. We did all the usual teen boys things plus the nerdy ones, and of course sometimes there were jokes about sex and the like. Pretending to offer head for instance. I joined in with them but they did make me a little uncomfortable because I was never sure I was actually joking.

Anyway, school finished and we were set to go our different ways. Most of us weren't going too far afield but Evan was going overseas. The night before he was flying out we all went out to dinner, then we headed back to his place for a couple of drinks, just like old times. But it wasn't like old times. The other two had to go early to get ready for their own departures to unis across the state. I was going to one locally so I stayed behind to make sure he enjoyed his last night. At the time I didn't realise how much.

A few drinks in we were comfortably numb to the world. We were looking at porn on his computer for some reason I can't remember. We'd done it before but nothing ever followed, we just showed each other girls we liked or things we'd like to do to them. I never showed them the all male things I also looked at.

His computer was in his bedroom which was quite narrow so we were actually sitting on his bed. At this point I swear I had no plans or even wishes of having sex with Evan. He was my friend and I hadn't accepted that I was bi at the time. Looking back, I almost certainly did want to subconsciously. He worked out and had a great upper body and strong arms which were frequently shown off with a tight white T-shirt. And his face was cute and usually marked with patches of stubble the same light bronze as his mass of unruly hair. So in hindsight what followed next is little wonder to me.

I was still sitting up at the computer picking out links to follow and naked girls to admire. He'd fallen back on the bed and was propping himself up on his elbows, so when I looked over at him that muscular chest was even more exposed against the thin cotton of his T-shirt. 

The impulse struck me and I was too drunk to ignore it. I leaned down, moving my chest over his and kissed him.

His lips met mine for a moment and returned a tender kiss. Then he gently pushed me away and looked me in the eyes. I think I loved him right then. "Are you sure?" he asked so sweetly. I just nodded and tugged at his T-shirt. He sat up and pulled it off. I swooned when I saw that chest. Like mine it had little tufts of hair here and there but it was so well formed. I opened my mouth and sucked on those muscles, then he pulled my head up and wrapped those strong arms around me and kissed me again.

This time we opened our mouths completely and he pushed his tongue into mine and I sucked it hungrily.

We broke contact long enough for me to rip my T-shirt off then I kissed his neck and greedily ran my hand over his pecs for a while. He was biting my ear and I was already moaning softly when my hand reached his groin and felt his hard-on under the jeans. He stood up and pulled them and his boxers down. His penis was pointing at me, long and fleshy with a deep red head. I didn't look at it long, I just grabbed the base of it and clumsily thrust it into my mouth. I gagged pretty quickly and pulled back.

"Take it easy," he stroked my head gently while I stopped coughing. We laughed, then I kissed his balls and licked my way up his cock. I looked into his eyes the whole time and I felt so complete and safe. This time I took only his head into my mouth and worked my tongue around it slowly. I could taste his pre-cum and smell his manhood and it drove me wild. I worked my mouth down gradually, stopping for air every now and then but always getting deeper. Finally I reached the base, my nose buried in his fuzz and inhaling his strong scent. He held my head then and slowly started to fuck my mouth. I could feel drool dribbling down the sides of my mouth but I didn't care. It felt so amazing having that warm throbbing cock inside me. Suddenly I knew I wanted more.

Maybe he sensed it too or maybe he just wanted the same thing but he took his cock out of my mouth and stroked it in front of my face. "Can I fuck you?" he asked. I didn't answer, I just stood up and dropped my pants. He kissed me hotly then turned my around and pushed me gently onto the bed. I was on all fours and he kissed my arse and licked my balls. I moaned. Then he got some lube from his bedside table and started to finger me. My arse resisted at first. But he whispered for me to relax and stroked his cock up and down my crack. I almost died with pleasure and sure enough the next time he tried he got two fingers inside me easily.

I could feel their exploratory movements and I gasped. I never knew it would feel this good. Then I felt his head pushing on the entrance. Again I tensed slightly but only for a moment. He pushed it in and it burned and I gasped again but not in delight. But he held it there and the pain eased and a warm sense of pleasure spread. Next thing I knew he'd thrust he cock into me as deep as he could and, gripping my hips tightly, he started fucking me in earnest.

We were young and drunk so it didn't take too long. He came hard right up inside me, pushing my head against the wall in his ecstasy. I lay my head next to his spent cock after he collapsed on the bed and I jerked my own throbbing member till I came across my belly.

We fell asleep like that and I woke next morning with my cheek on his penis. He had to leave early but he didn't say no to a quick blowjob. We kissed as I left, knowing we'd finally found each other but far too late.

He went overseas and stayed there for years. We both moved on and when he came back we acted like nothing had ever happened that night. But of course it had. It helped me accept my own feelings and admit my sexuality. It helped me believe in myself. And I'll never forget it for that.

And sometimes things have a habit of repeating ...