 I'd been thinking a lot about the times we'd shared with Roger and Linda, how intimate we'd gotten with them so fast. Back when I was single and dating, that usually spelled doom for a relationship, climbing in bed way too early in the relationship. But with this it was new. One, we are all adults. Two, we're 2 couples, and not dating. Three, all of us mature, intelligent people, with good common sense about us. Cindy was loving having a new friend in Linda, and she also seemed to be loving the excitement of new sex. I loved it all, too. Linda was one hot woman. Being in good shape, it felt like she worked out her pussy muscles on a regular basis, because it was almost like fingers stroking my cock when I was deep inside her. And she would be a good teacher for Cindy when it came to blow jobs. Cindy did ok at them, but left something to be desired sometimes. Linda, well, she could suck like no other woman had ever sucked me, and there had been quite a few. Bottom line, I think Cindy and I both were ready for more Roger and Linda time. For me, knowing how Linda was a blow job master and her cunt was magical on my cock, now I was fantasizing about burying my meat in her ass.

In the meantime, almost every day since our sexcapades with Roger and Linda, Cindy had been hot and wanted to fuck, suck, or play. Never had so much intensely hot sex as these last few weeks.

So I called up Roger at work, to see how they were doing.

When he picked up the phone, I asked "Hey, dude, how's it going with you guys? Gotta tell you, y'all have been a lot of our topics of conversation these last several weeks."

Hey, Bill, we're doing great, and been thinking about you guys a lot, too. Linda's been hotter'n hell, wanting to fuck 5 times a day I think," he said laughing. "Since it's finally getting warmer, how bout if we go out to our deer lease for a long weekend. We can shoot skeet, or target shoot with pistols if you want, and of course have plenty of campfire time, too."

"Sounds great to me! Cindy's got something scheduled for the next couple of weekends, but maybe after that we could all get together again. But I am always up for skeet-shooting, as I'm planning to compete a lot more this year, and more practice is always welcome."

"Linda's going to visit her sister this weekend, so I'll be alone. Let's you and me have a guy weekend, and go to the lease and shoot. We can make sure everything's campfire fun ready, and have some fun just you and me at the same time. Supposed to be in the low 80's, so if you've never shot skeet naked, you will this weekend. It's amazing being naked and shooting, too. You game?"

Glad to have the opportunity to get away and to shoot skeet, too, I responded "shoot, yeah, let's do it."

"I'll pick you up at 8 Saturday morning then and we'll head out." With that, we hung up. I was really looking forward to the weekend excursion. Working from home got to me sometimes, so the escape was just what the doctor ordered. And getting naked in the great outdoors, well, just doesn't get much better than that.

I texted Cindy about the trip, and she called me in seconds. "That sounds like fun, you guys doing a guy weekend. Wish I could go, but I am so glad you and Roger can. It'll give you time to get to know each other better. Guess I'd better get back to work, so I'll talk to you tonight."

And it was set. Cool. Could not wait, and this was only Tuesday. At least I didn't have to rush getting things ready, and had plenty of time to reload a good supply of shotgun shells.

The week passed pretty quickly. I got a nice big influx of orders, so stayed busy with customers, and packing and shipping. I got my shotgun good and cleaned up, and made 25 boxes of shells.

Friday night, Cindy fixed finger foods for dinner, and we got naked as soon as she walked in the door from work. Man, I love her body! Nice full tits, cute round ass, and her beautiful smile, dazzling eyes. We ate, watched a little TV, and she started sucking my dick like a wild woman. She had learned how to stroke my meat to perfection, which she did. I'd also discovered I could almost shoot my wad fast when she sucked on my balls. To my delight, she said she loved to suck them, that feeling my ball or balls in her mouth was amazing, and that they tasted fantastic. In fairly short order, I was shooting my load filling her mouth. Pretty much spent, I helped her get up, and laid her back on the couch, and gave her my special pussy-licking clit-sucking treatment. She, too, must have been really hot, and my mouth was filled with her cum and the warm sweet nectars she squirted when she came. I'd swear she had 10 orgasms before I was done. Satiated, we took a quick shower together, and hit the sack.

Roger honked in the driveway at 8 o'clock sharp, so I kissed Cindy goodbye, and hauled my stuff to the truck and loaded up.

"Good morning, Bill! I don't know about you, but I am SOOO ready for this weekend. Feels like years since I've had some downtime just for me, to do whatever I wanted to."

"Good morning! I know what you mean. Saturday could not come soon enough. Let's get the heck outta Dodge!"

The trip was fun. I love early mornings, seeing the world waking up, the coolness of the air, the freshness of everything. It only took us 2 hours until we were bouncing down a packed gravel road, then through the gate to their deer lease. It was great! Woods all around with a clearing now and then. Roger said the nearest neighbors were 5 miles away, and no one ever came down that gravel road, that he had ever seen.

The "camp" was the coolest little farmhouse-looking structure. A log cabin, with a wooden wrap-around porch, San Augustine grass 50 yards in every direction. And 30 yards behind and west of the house was the skeet and trap field Roger had built. It was great! Cinder block skeet and trap houses, and we'd be shooting against a 30-50 foot backdrop of big green oak and pine trees, topped with the clear blue sky of course. We grabbed our guns and ammo bags, and headed in. The inside was as nice as the outside – one nicely furnished bedroom, a large den area with a sleeper sofa and big stone fireplace, with a comfortable kitchen and bar area just off of that. The natural colors and wood just made it feel like being home in an instant.

"This is really nice, Roger. I'd have a hard time not spending every weekend here if it were mine."

"Oh, it's comfortable, I guess. Linda and I have gotten a lot of good use out of it. We used to come here all the time, but then life got in the way some, you know? Make yourself at home – there's snacks in the pantry, cokes and beer in the fridge. Just put your stuff there, and in a minute, we'll go check things out outside." Roger headed to the bedroom and deposited his things, and then we headed out the back door. The porch had a couple of old wooden rockers, and the whole setting was amazing, almost felt like what I'd imagine the settlers felt like way back in the pioneer days.

"There's the skeet field, as you can see. We'll hit that a little later. There's a 7-acre pond about 100 yards down that little pathway there, which is stocked with bass, crappie, and catfish. I've got rods and tackle, so don't worry about those. We might go catch us some dinner later." We walked out to the skeet field, and I could tell it was very well built. The concrete semi-circle, with pads at the various stations looked almost new, no wear and tear that I could see. 

"This must have been one heckuva big project," I told Roger.

"Yeah, it took a couple of months, but I did have help from my 2 brothers and their kids, so it wasn't really bad. We had a lot of fun building it together, and now they all shoot shotgun sports as well. So it was one of those memories one never forgets. But, I gotta say, I'm to my limit as far as being clothed. I'm usually naked before I get in the house. So let's get nekked!"

And we did both shed everything, only putting our shoes back on to protect our feet. The warmth felt great, even this early in the morning. And being nakedly free felt amazing, as it always does. I think my cock is an outdoors cock, just soaks in the fresh air, the sunshine, the breezes, the country smells. I looked over at Roger, and saw his cock liked outside, too. His 8 inches were semi-hard already, and his balls hung freely under it. I smiled, and Roger saw me. 

"Nice cock there, Bill. I've enjoyed looking at it ever since the first time we met. Perfect size, perfect shape, and nice balls, too. You like mine?


"Sure do. Nice big man meat. I've admired it, too, and I know Cindy has enjoyed it, too."

"Don't know how you feel about things, about being naked with just another guy, but for me, it's great. It's so totally different than when the women are around for some reason. There's nothing gay about me in any way, shape, nor form, and I can tell the same about you. But there's nothing like playing with another guy's cock and balls, and him playing with yours. To me, it's what the most sincere, open male bonding there is."

"Well, I've never been with just another guy, much less in any kind of sexual setting, but I have been fascinated and drawn to cocks ever since Cindy and I started going to the club often. I catch myself just wanting to reach out and stroke some cocks, and wonder how it would feel to suck a cock, and suck balls and stuff. I am totally open-minded, so let's just have fun and enjoy this time you and I get to have."

"Cool, I am glad you feel that way, too. What do you say, to break the ice, let's do some touching, just to see how things feel, and can go from there, now or later?"

"Sounds good to me." And with that, Roger came over to me, reached over and started slowly stroking my cock, which was at full staff in a heartbeat. He stroked some, and damn it felt good! So different than when I jacked off, or when Cindy's delicate little fingers stroked. I had my eyes closed, just standing there being stroked, and felt his other hand cup my balls. His hands were warm, and I was lost in space somewhere. The next thing I knew, I was shooting cum hard. Good thing Roger was a bit to one side, or I'd have covered him. He just laughed, and said "nice, one helluva shoot, dude!"

I collected myself, pulled my mind back to the moment, and looked down at his dick. It was standing straight out towards me, and the balls had pulled up some, so I knew he was turned on. I got down on my knees, and wrapped my fingers around his big thick meat and started stroking.

"Mmmmmmmmmm" escaped from Roger's lips, and I saw his eyes were closed. I picked up the pace some, stroking all the way out and over the head of his penis, and it was one nice long stroke. I cupped his balls in my left hand and felt them slapping my palm as I jacked him off. Looking at the tip, I could see it was damp, and I was overcome with wondering how it would taste. I slid his cock in my mouth, sucking tightly on the head, holding his balls firmly in my hand. My tongue swirled all the way around his head, and I could feel the rim on my tongue. He tasted manly; kind of musky I guess you could say. Kinda like a charcoaled steak. Letting him out of my mouth, I stroked his meat harder, more on the end and around the head this time, and I could feel him getting even harder. His legs arched forward, muscles tensing, and I sucked on his penis again. My mouth filled up with warm creamy cum, as his cock spasmed against the top of my mouth.

"Aaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh........fuuuuuuuuuuckkkkkkk!" fired out of Roger's mouth, eyes locked shut.



He just kept cumming, so I swallowed. Would have filled a coke bottle, for sure, as much of his creamy cum he filled my mouth with. Gradually, his pounding cock eased a little in its spasms.

"Guess we've got the ice broken now, huh?" Roger asked with a smile on his face, looking at me.

Laughingly, I said "yessir, seems we have definitely done that. Great way to start our man time out. That was great!"

"I owe you one now, as I let all your cum shoot all over the grass. But I'll make it up..." he said to me.

Cocks spent, only dripping a drop here and there, we headed down the dirt pathway to the pond. It was beautiful, surrounded by woods, some old tree stumps and branched sticking out of the water down at the far end. Those promised to be some great fishing later. There was a pier, maybe 50', into what was probably the shallower part of the lake in front of us. On the sand beside the pier were an overturned canoe, and a little dinghy with 2 paddles. Not far from us was a small locked wooden building.

"The life jackets are in there, as well as a fold up cleaning table, with all the tools, like a filet knife and all. We've spend many an hour fishing, cleaning them, and grilling fresh fish over a campfire here. I get new fingerlings from the state department of fisheries each year, so there's every size fish you can imagine in here. It's been stocked for 7 or 8 years now, and there's some pretty good-sized catfish and bass in here."

We found a couple of lawn chairs, opened them up, and sat them on the sandy beach area, just relaxing a bit. It was so nice; the only noises you could hear were the birds singing, some crickets or locust chirping or whirring, and the light breezes blowing thru the trees. It was probably only 65 or 70 degrees, but the warmth of the sun on skin made it feel much warmer.

We just sat there enjoying the peacefulness, the sounds, the smells, the feeling.

"Let's go break some clays, a round or two, before we scrounge something up for lunch. Whaddya say?"

"Let's do it." Folding up the chairs and leaning them against the tool house, we moseyed on up the path, back to the house. 

We grabbed our shotgun cases and ammo bags, and off we went. We opened our gun cases on the picnic table out by the skeet field, and put our over and under shotguns together. We strapped on our shot pouches, dumped a box of shells in them, stuffed the ear plugs in our ears and donned our shooting glasses, and walked out to station one. The pads were freshly painted with forest green, same as the houses. Roger had installed an electronic device that was voice activated, or could be operated manually, to pull our targets with, and got it all activated now.

I turned to Roger, and noted "never felt so good shooting skeet as being naked, with just shoes and shot pouch buckled around you. This is just too cool. Loving it already." Little did I know what else to expect.,..

Roger motioned for me to shoot first. We looked at a high house and low house target, which flew perfectly in the virtually windless air. I was ready. Knee flexed until tension in the left thigh, stance solid, hold point set, look point, and "Pull!" Bang! First shot, dead bird, cool, awesome. Mounted gun against shoulder again, hold point, look point, "Pull!" Bang! And the second target was reduced to a million tiny pieces.

What I hadn't expected was the raging hard on, my cock standing straight out, hard as steel.

Roger laughed his butt off. With a big grin, he offered "I'm glad to see this affected someone else the same as it did me the first time. I thought my cock was gonna explode after my first shots, it got so damned hard! But it will calm down some......maybe." And he reached out and stroked it 3 times.

I finished the doubles on station one, and we made our way through the round, both with no misses. But, surprised and a little pleased, my hard-on stayed in place, only diminishing a little by the time we finished up on station 8. I could not believe it – that with the distractions of a hard cock, new venue, and being naked, I'd cleared only my 9th 25-straight round, and it felt so easy! Roger was straight, too, and we fist bumped, then added something – a penis slap, as we swung our penises into each other's penis 3 or 4 times. We agreed that would be "our" victory sign.



We shot another round, much the same as the first. We were both straight, a new record for me of hitting my first 50 straight, so I was excited! Both our cocks were more than semi-erect the whole way around, and we did our penis slap after 8, and then rubbed them against each other more. Felt really good. I felt a kinship with Roger that I'd never had with another guy. Like best friends, like we could now share anything, and know it was always between the two of us. Our sexually-oriented play was good. It felt good. It felt like a man to man bond to rub penises, a whole new and different facet to our bond. Jacking or sucking each other's cocks was just another fun way we had to have fun with each other. 

"Mind if I suck on your cock a minute again?" I asked Roger.

"No, of course not, go for it."

I knelt down and took his meat in my mouth, sucking on the head, feeling it getting really engorged. My tongue caressed the super-sensitive underside, and Roger just kept moaning softly. The musky, manly, outdoorsy taste was great. 

I stood up, and we went back to the house. Roger took the cooler he'd brought out onto the back porch, and we chowed down on sliced turkey breast and cheese sandwiches with mayo and onions. The Miller Light beer went down smooth and easy. We just rocked in the old rockers, soaking up even more of the peaceful calm that surrounded us. We both felt the stresses of work and city life just melting away from us, and were not in a hurry to do much else right this moment.

Roger was the first to break the silence. "We'll have to bring the girls out soon for a long weekend. I'm sure they could use the getaway, the freedom, the fun, and spending time with good friends. This place has been a huge blessing to Linda and me, and there's a lot of good memories here. Does Cindy shoot? Linda has been, but only for maybe a year. She has fun with it, but isn't what I'd call a very competitive person, which is fine. We have a lot of fun shooting here together, naked."

"Cindy's shot with me for maybe 2 or 3 years. She loves shooting, but isn't too high on getting into competitions, just enjoys the relaxing therapy it is for us. And now that she's seen how much fun being naked is, I'll bet she'll eat shooting naked up like crazy."

Thinking out loud, I observed "talk about the best possible fun positive association. Being naked and shooting. Being naked and shooting with friends. Shooting naked with friends, and following that up with some good fun sex. It really can't get any better than that, can it?"

"No, I think that's as good as it gets, shooting, naked, friends, sex. Can't wait to get the girls out here now."

That afternoon, we didn't get in a big hurry to do anything. We did go back to the skeet field, and shot 2 more rounds. And yes, amazing to me, both our cocks rose to the action, so after 4 rounds now, both a little tired, we agreed to reward our manly cock guns.

Roger's warm mouth sucking hard on my dick was mind-numbing. He sure knew how to suck a man's dick. He almost had me to the point of no return, when he went down on my balls. There's just something about the warmth and wetness of someone sucking my balls, I can't resist, and I don't last long.

"Suck me, Roger, I am about to cum, suck me now." He no sooner had my cock in his firm mouth, than I exploded, again and again and again.

Not to be outdone or unfriendly, I stroked his big dick a bit, then went down on his balls. They were spongy and full in my mouth, with a sweeter taste than his cock. And when I started stroking his penis hard while sucking his balls, I knew he was about to shoot again. Man, when he cums, he cums in a bucket load! Thick, creamy, sweet, easy to swallow, it tasted like cream gravy off a chicken fried steak.

We were lying in the cool green grass at the skeet field, and just rolled onto our backs and let the sun warm us. I stroked his dick a little, then sucked off the few remaining drops of cum, and he returned the favor on me. We just laid there a while. This weekend was as much about unwinding as it was about skeet or sex. A welcome escape.
