 We take our stroll along the beach. It is early and quiet and the sea is calm and tranquil. That is how I like it best when I am with Mark, when we can just enjoy the tranquility and look out to the distant horizon and almost see the curvature of the earth.

We pause occasionally to snuggle together and I feel the warmth of his passion in his sweet kiss and I am so wonderfully happy, just being with Mark and enjoying the magic of the dawn beach scene.

We see a ship in the distance and wonder where it heads, the clouds thicken and the wind strengthens and the calmness changes. The sea is turbulent like when we make love, first the calm and then the storm and once more we are as one. The tide turns from gentle comings and goings to a scene of rolling white horses splashing our feet and legs.

It is amazing how the weather can turn in a matter of minutes - like our passion when we shed our lust and I feel the tide of passion grow threefold; and Mark demands my being and I feel the kiss of lust, the exploration of his eager hands encompass my body.

"We cannot here, it is too public, and besides, the rain has started" I say to Mark and his face is glum, like a little boy not getting his way.

We need to take cover, it is pelting down. We find a cave where we can shelter and watch, and take in the unexpected storm. It is vibrant and the lighting flashes and the thunder roar and rattle along the beach.

How long will it last before we can make tracks?

Mark is happy; he wants it to last to give us time. "No one will disturb us in this weather" he says with that certain gleam I recognize so well. "And instead of making it to the 1812 overture we have the storm instead!"

Mark likes of the classics and we have made love to many of the old composers, but he always comes back to the 1812 because he likes to fix it so we climax to the sound of the guns.

"But we have nowhere comfortably to do it" I advise.

He removes his coat and places it on the ground, He looks at me with so much forlorn - how can I resist?

"I hope we shan't get struck" I say seeing the lightning flash into the cave.

But already Mark, being Mark; was already in the throes of his lust which was fermenting as quickly as the storm outside, and his arms were holding me firm as his kisses smother my mouth and neck. I feel myself lean to him. His warm hand leads me to the place of his torment which is large and swollen beneath his jeans. He squeezes my hand over the bulge and urges me to indulge his needs.

I close my eyes and hear the storm peruse as I do as he wants in a rapturous delight. Touching Mark is a pleasure and I instinctively unzip and feel the warmth inside as I tease him through his boxer shorts, the ones he wears that I like for certain occasions before we make love.

"You planned this didn't you Mark Webster?"

"Oh yes, I planned the weather even, so we could have sex in this cave" he says sarcastically.

"I mean, because you are wearing these boxers, you planned that we make love during our stroll, I know you!"

He grinned; "Well, it's worked out hasn't it. Alex? - just stop the chatter and work your thunder on me huh?"

Of course I relented, Always do. I love him you see. Ever since we met at the Gay Pride party, I was hit by his bolt of lightning; it was like it was love at first site, and lust at second site, when he stripped and boasted his credentials, normally I would not have been taken in by such a bold display of masculinity because I loathe show-offs. But it was nothing to do with size or quality - it was to do with that smile of his and those deep set eyes that set me asunder .Later I was well and truly his in the rear of his car, because such was his lust he couldn't wait until he got me back to his place.

But that aside, when he did take me to his place it was a history repeat. By the end of the night I was well and truly overcome and exhausted by his irresistible style.

It did hurt at first. This was a first time for me. I had often thought of how it would be but had never ventured to find a partner to practice with. Attending the Gay Pride party it just happened that's all, like it was meant to be. I believe in that, that it was providence that induced me to go to the party and let my hair down, and in consequence I met lovely Mark and have not looked back since. 

I realized I was gay at an early age but it was Mark who brought me out and even now, as I touch and enjoy his firm pliable stance I think of that first time; the pleasure combined with the hurt, the pleasure was overwhelming and it seemed perfectly right that is how it should be. Because I felt wanted and loved, it was not just the sex; it was something else too, and that is really what made it perfect for me, and I know Mark feels the same way.

He is all out now and reveals it all to me, I breath in his scent and enjoy the natural aroma. I cup his balls and squeeze enough to entice his response, those quite sounds I know so well. He prompts me to lean down to him there and I want that. The first time was a delight I had not thought possible. In fact being very hygienic minded I was very reluctant to respond to Mark's demands. He was just lying there grasping his huge erection like a pole, stretching it back and saying I would like it, to at least give it a try and see what I thought.

I closed my eyes and made myself do it. It was fine and I felt a sort of comfort and soothing as I gently began to suck him.

We both laugh when we talk about that first time now. I vow I could never have done it for anyone else but Mark, all because I was besotted by him and I thought if that went with the package then I must succumb and meet his needs, if I loved him..

And so it was. Now I lust for the taste of his sex and give it my all. Sometimes he presses my head so hard at the back I almost gag, he has this thing about wanting to 'deep throat' me. I have learned how to hold my breath for six minutes and, although I was scared about choking initially, now it is an added pleasure to our sex life and he gives me fair returns which are very nice. I can now understand the sensual feelings of deep throat.

He is so considerate though and won't finish me off until he has taken me, which is when he gets to a point of no return inside my mouth and ravishes my rear end with a good length of his wonderful pulsing cock which is a real treat. When Adam fucks me, he fucks me good and I always feel gratified afterwards, he makes sure of that because immediately he has climaxed he turns to me, resumes what he was doing earlier, draws my cock deep into his throat and has a certain way of jerking me off as he sucks and I am there. The first time that happened, with me still in Mark's mouth I felt awful and apologized, he just continued regardless and then I knew he wanted that. And it became part of our lovemaking. Although reluctant at first he asked me to do the same, I never forget the first time he exploded in my mouth; the hot feel of his deliverance, gushing into my mouth, dribbling from my lips. I tasted and swallowed, but Adam likes to press his lips to mine and enjoy mutual tasting, which I consider is the most intimate thing two lovers can do.

All that deep sensual kissing and his dirty talk between became standard and part of our relationship.

But now in the cave, the storm still hovered and I sucked Adam to the motions of the strong tide coming and going near the entrance, giving us time to enjoy with the rising lust that matched the storm outside.

"Let me strip and you strip too Alex then we shall have more to lay on." 

It had grown quite dismal in the cave and it was really stimulating to see the lightning flash and the sight of Mark looking as always stunning in his birthday suit,

His beautifully crafted body and his well hung masculinity, his cock standing upright like a beautiful mast waving in the wind. I am thinking; that is for me and already I felt the need for him inside; a certain emptiness that craves to be filled.

Mark knows it too, He knows the signs. I swirl for him, I know he loves that. He loves to primarily spread my cheeks and suck what he calls my quinny.

I say that is what they once called a girl's sex,. But he replies saying that it was a place where he can deliver his lust and reach gratification - just as it is the same with a girl.

He says he loves the feel of me as he sucks my Quinny and it is so wonderfully stimulating and gives me a gorgeous sense of wanting.

He places some clothes beneath my knees, prompts me to take the doggy stance. I love to be taken bare backed - it is always a thrill to feel him thrust into me as he grasps my thighs so very tight, like he has me at his mercy. I like that, In fact sometimes I think I would love us to do roll -play with me being his servant. Maybe that will come soon. We talk about roll play a lot which really excites me.

In the meantime he is coming inside me and I feel the final thrust like he was going to rip me open, such is his lust. By coincidence the heavy roll of thunder matched his climax and the music could never compete. It was such a wonderful fuck I shall never forget and I know Mark wont.

In a way I was sorry when the storm passed over, but ours had too, temporarily, because I knew Mark would want second helpings when we got back.

And to cap it all; you know I was talking about being mastered? Well there was a parcel at the door when we arrived back. Mark looked at me mischievously and opened it, He said he had ordered the contents from Ann Summers online.

Inside were handcuffs, straps, chains, whips and teasers and even a strap-on. The mind boggled as they say but I guess my aspirations were materializing.

Watch this space if you dare!