 This is part two of my imaginings of what a first-time experience might be like. Hope you enjoy.

*****

The weight of your body on mine draws my attention momentarily to the fact that my breathing has yet to return to normal. But before I can give it much more thought, you begin to move your hips forward and back, then to the side. Doing so causes a rush of both my blood and my focus back to my crotch where my now softening dick is being massaged by your hard cock. My cum serves as a sticky lubricant between our bodies and the sound it makes as your cock slips and slides over mine is like an erotic siren calling out encouragement to my body to pull deeply from my reservoir of lust and reengage for another round. 

I can't help but smile and moan a little as, surprisingly, my cock responds and stiffens slightly. "I want to touch you," I say. You smile back and lean a little on your right arm opening a cavity of space between us. I slide my anxious fingers down my own torso toward your engorged member and, with a deep breath, reach hold of your prize. 

"Feels good," you tell me and you're right. My cum is still warm on it but it emits a heat of its own. I can feel it pulse behind my fingers and wonder if this is what it's like to touch the heartbeat of another person. Moving almost of its own accord my hand begins to slide up and down and I am thrilled to hear you moan as my pace increases. 

Once more I find myself thinking about how much thicker your cock is than my own and as I slide my hand along its length I can't help but picture what it must look like stretching out the most intimate places of your lover. 

I'm not sure what I expected when I came over today, how far I wanted to go. But now, watching your cockhead appear and disappear through the end of my hand, pushing the last of my cum from around it and over my fingers, I know at least one thing I must do. With my free hand I push slightly on your shoulder and raise your upper body further from mine. "I want to taste it. Is that okay?" Your smile broadens as you reply, "Absolutely." You lean back on your knees and sit between my outstretched legs. I too then sit up and suddenly the short distance between us on the couch seems like oceans of space. My nervousness returns. 

"I, uh, um...," I begin. "It's okay," you reassure me, putting your hand on my shoulder. "It's okay. Just tell me what you want." 

"I want to do it, " I say, "I want to try it, I guess." 

"Do what? Try what?

"I want to taste it. I want... your cock ... in my mouth." 

My heart races and I am both excited and terribly embarrassed by what I just said. Of course, all you can do is grin at my predicament and, seeing that, I laugh a little and immediately feel better. 

"I want to do it," I continue with a little more confidence, "I'm ready to suck my first cock."

"It still has a little of your cum on it. Do you want me to clean it off first?" you kindly offer.

"No. I want you to just hurry up and put it all in my mouth before I change my mind." 

Whatever the magic words are I seem to have said them because you move closer to me and, still on your knees, lift one leg over me and sit in my lap, my semi-hard cock nestled underneath your testicles. 

Rising on your knees you whisper, "You're going to love it. I can tell." And with that, you gently slide my body a little lower as you continue to raise yours until the head of your pulsing warrior is inches from my lips. 

"Lick it," you tell me and I don't have to be asked twice. My lips part and my tongue extends to your cockhead where I gently but eagerly began to lap at it. At the same time you lean forward and press your dick between my lips until I feel it press against the back of my throat. 

If I thought you were big while holding you in my hand, you suddenly feel twice that size within the confines of my mouth. But instinctively I relax my jaw and you pause for a moment to allow me to savor this first for me. Several things strike me, my nose buried in your crotch, the taste of my own cum on the inside of my cheeks, your softly swinging balls against my chin. But most of all I am struck by an overwhelming desire to please you, to give myself out you, for your enjoyment. 

You must read that because you begin to move again, ever so slightly in and out of my mouth. My tongue fights to wrap around your cock afraid that on one of the occasions when you pull back it might lose your forever. My teeth slide lightly over the length of your shaft and I begin to move my head in time with your thrusts. 

My hands slide up your legs to your balls and cradle and massage your weighty sack. You reach down and take my right hand and, reaching between your legs, press it into the crack of your ass. I rub there and also use that position to press your body further into my mouth my moaning interrupted by the occasional gag. 

You stroke my face as you piston in and out ever more rapidly. I release the hand that had been playing with your scrotum and reach down to my own cock that has grown incredibly hard. Noticing that, you encourage me to "play with myself" and "stroke it for me while I fuck your face." 

From my ever-increasing moaning and rapid masturbatory gestures you can tell I'm in ecstasy. 

"Hold on, hold on," I barely hear you say through the animalistic sounds of sex your making with my mouth. "Don't cum just yet." 

Surely you know I can't hold off long though because you pull yourself from my mouth and begin to jack off furiously. With a sudden speed I had not expected you jump from my lap and forcefully push me onto my back on the couch, my hand still pulling at my own cock. Just as quickly you are once more between my legs on your knees and you grab under my ass and lift my lower body. Using your thighs to brace me in that position you are able to lay your cock on top of mine so that both dicks are raised above me and pointing down at my face. You grip them both together in your hand and start pumping them.

"Yes! Oh Yes!" I exclaim, realizing what you intend to do. "Cum on my face. Spill our seed all over my face! Cover me in our cum." 

Your pace quickens and you grunt, moan, and contort your face in pain and pleasure as I see the first jet leap from the tip of your cock. Just before it lands on my chin I see and feel my own cock erupt and suddenly the two are firing together. Loads of cum splatter against my eyes, my forehead and lips as we buck together between your fingers. I am screaming and moaning, lost in your power. 

Moments later you have stopped cumming, only a small dribble escapes your penis and runs down its side. As soon as you lower my body you collapse at my feet back against the couch. But this time I'm the one who has found a sudden burst of speed and I spin myself around quickly and attach my mouth to your cock, sucking it for all its worth. With one hand I smear our joint mess of cum across my face and then over my own cock and balls. After a few minutes you soften and slide from between my lips. Looking up at you I search my mind for some way to say "thank you," to tell you how amazing that was and what a gift you have given me. But I don't know what those words are. 

Instead, I lift my cum-covered face from your lap and lay back against the far end of the couch, my legs spread open for you. You look at me and your mouth opens as if you are about to speak. I raise a single finger and that stops you. I then take that finger and, running it under my chin, find one last good dollop of cum. I spread my legs wider and take that cum and rub it against my soft, virgin asshole. "Here," I say. "I want it here."