 "I'm going to fuck you both", he said as he led us across the pool section toward the hotel. People watched and sniggered as the large black man groped my wife's ass, and held me by my wrist as we walked through the open areas. 

 It was evident that my 5 inch dick was hard. It was tenting my white speedo. The contrast of his large black hand on my wife's exposed, white ass was such a turn on for me. Her thong allowed him free access. 

 I remembered how we got here. 

 Sue and I had only arrived three days earlier. Being new to the place, we checked the other guests out before deciding that topless bathing suits and thongs were the order of the day. 

 My wife Sue and I were at a Hedonist club in the Caribbean enjoying a long awaited vacation. We've been married for 19 years and our 18 year old son, Bill stayed home, probably partying our house down. 

 I'm Mike and I work as an advertising executive in a large Madison Ave firm. My wife works as a house attorney in a small corporation in mid-town. Together we make enough money to live comfortably and now that Bill has turned 18, Sue and I have more time to enjoy ourselves when not working. 

 I'm not a large man. I weigh about 145, have sandy brown hair, and am not too bad looking. At 41, I have all my hair and no beer belly. 

 Sue on the other hand is still drop dead gorgeous. She was blessed with dark black hair which she wears shoulder length. Her almond shaped, brown eyes are almost Asian, and you can read her moods in them. 

 She has perky, 34 C breasts which still hold their shape, even at her age of 39. Her proudest asset, in my view, is her round bubble butt. Her workouts have kept her weight down and muscles firm. She can turn the heads of men when she enters a room. 

 We met at a party thrown by a mutual friend, Fran. In short, we were set up by her, She thought we'd make a nice couple. We've never looked back. After 20 years of marriage we remained as much in love as ever. 

 Our married sex life was pretty much in a rut. Like most long time married couples, we became predictable. It was this rut this that had me exploring ways to spice things up. 

 It was my idea that we should come to this resort. I brought the brochures home and Sue and I discussed the idea. 

 "Mike, do you know what I've heard goes on in those places?" 

 "I've heard the stories honey, but I'm sure they're exaggerated. It's like when someone goes to Atlantic City. You notice they never lose?" 

 "But they're about sex Mike. People go there to have sex with others." 

 "And?" 

 "Are you sure? Myself, I agree with you that we need to liven things up in the bedroom but is this the way you want to do it?" 

 "Sue, you've never been a prude. I've seen you flirt with other men at some of the parties we attend. You're a very attractive and desirable woman. It excites me that other men find you sexy." 

 Sue was only a little surprised by my confession, "I wondered why you never gotten angry with me when I do that. What if another man wants to take it further than flirting? What if I want to take it further? Won't that ruin what we have, our marriage?" 

 "We know a number of married couples who swing Sue. They've stayed together." 

 "So you want to fuck another woman. Is that it?" 

 "No one in particular honey. But if the opportunity arose and you wouldn't get mad or hurt, maybe I would. But it would only be that one time, and only while we're out of town where no one we know could see us." 

 "If you think you can hold it together if some man captures my fancy for the night, it may be just what the doctor ordered for us." 

 "To be honest with you sweetheart, just talking about it gives me an erection." 

 When she heard that, Sue reached over and felt my cock through my pants. "It's gotten me hot too Mike." 

 That night we made passionate love. The next day we made reservations for a week there. We would be leaving for the all inclusive Hedonist Club in 10 days. 

 Sue was excited and went shopping for our trip. I was stunned when she showed me her new bathing suit. It consisted of a white thong bottom and tiny top. It left little to the imagination. 

 "I'll have to shave down there," Sue said when she modeled it for me. 

 Her pubes were sticking out of the sides. I understood. 

 Her other purchases were a sheer white dress, platform sandals, and short, shorts. 

 She also surprised me with a white speedo. 

 "You'll need to clean up your bush too Mike." I studied my image in the mirror and knew she was right. 

 The night before we left, we showered and shaved each other. I shaved Sue first and took care to leave her pussy baby smooth. It was the first time I'd seen it without hair. 

 Sue had large, fat labia and a clit somewhat larger than the others I'd seen. My attention to her made her pussy glisten. The lack of pubic hair was sexy. I leaned in and licked and kissed my wife's pussy. 

 "Not yet Mike, it's my turn to do you." 

 We traded places and Sue knelt and trimmed my pubes. Then she took the razor and shaved me smooth. 

 "All done." She smiled and stood. 

 I looked at my hairless cock in the mirror. It looked small and thin. I was embarrassed and quickly wrapped a towel around my waist. 

 We adjourned to the bedroom and fondled each other and fucked. The feeling of our hairless crotches was electric. After our ten minute coitus, I came. 

 Sue had not. 

 "Finish what you started in the bathroom Mike. Eat me." 

 It was not the first time I'd eaten her after we fucked. I was used to the taste of our combined juices. 

 Sue wrapped her legs around me and ground out her orgasm on my face. 

 The next day we arrived at our destination. The air was warm. The temp had to be about 82, perfect. 

 The shuttle dropped us at the hotel entrance. When we checked in the clerk asked if this was our first visit. We told her it was. 

 She gave us a big grin and said she hoped we enjoyed ourselves. "This place can change you two forever, if you let it. I hope you left your hang ups at home." 

 Our room consisted of a couple of plush chairs, two king beds, a small fridge, micro wave oven, and coffee maker. It looked comfortable. 

 We unpacked and went to the balcony. There was a number of people lounging pool side in various stages of nudity. We were surprised by the many topless women wearing only their thongs. I noticed a lot of white couples, black couples and white women with black males. There was also a few black couples with single white men with them. 

 "An odd mixture", I thought to myself. I thought about all those people seeing my wife in her thong and my cock twitched. 

 A little further out was the clear blue ocean. The same mixture of couples sun bathed on the sand, occasionally a couple would disappear around a sand dune. I had an idea of what was going on there. 

 "Looks like I bought the right stuff", Sue said. 

 We hurried and dressed in our bathing suits. 

 At pool side, we spotted a couple chaise lounges next to each other and made our way to them. 

 Sue was attracting the attention of most of the people there. You could almost feel the heat of their stares. I carried my gear in front to hide my twitching cock. 

 Once settled, Sue and I took in a better look at the crowd. Behind our sun glasses we could be discrete. 

 One of the black couples with a white male with them caught my attention. The black couple were seated in a chaise. The white man was seated at the side of the black man on a towel. The black man was large, muscular. His woman was built like Serena Williams. Her breasts were hanging out of her tiny top. She and her man would caress each other as they made small talk. Their white companion was a slender, fair skinned, mid-thirties man who sat by quietly. 

 The black man said something to him and he rose. I was stunned to see he was wearing a pink thong bottom. He made his was past us and I could see his little hard on pointing out from the front. His little round butt jutted out, almost feminine.

 I watched as he went to the bar, gave the bartender his order and returned with only two drinks. 

 He stood by waiting until the black man took his drink. Then he moved to the black woman and waited for her to do the same. When he handed her, her cocktail, he moved back to his towel and again waited. 

 The black man pointed to the towel without looking at the white guy. It was his cue to take his seat. 

 "Did you see that?" I asked Sue. "I wonder what that's all about?" 

 Sue giggled and asked me if I saw his little erection. 

 "That's what I thought unusual about it all. That and his pink thong. The way he waited on those two, maybe they brought their butler. Who knows?"

 I asked Sue if she wanted a drink. She did. I went to the bar and ordered us two margaritas. While waiting for our drinks, I watched the people. I was amazed by the air of sensuality between everyone. 

 One of the black men came in my direction. He was tall and well built. But the thing that really caught my eye was his crotch. His suit was a white, thin, nylon G speedo. His cock looked enormous in it. The thinness of the nylon allowed every detail to be seen. The large mushroom head hung near his thigh. Behind and hanging low were his large balls. 

 I caught myself staring and was thankful fo the sunglasses I was wearing. 

 He came up beside me and after he placed his order, then turned to me and asked if I was enjoying myself. 

 I explained that this we just arrived and this was our first visit and thought the place was interesting. 

 "It is what you make of it, little man." 

 I was stunned by the "little man" comment but let it pass. He was, after all, much larger than myself. 

 He stuck his hand out and introduced himself as Leon. My hand disappeared in his as we shook hands and I told him my name. 

 "I saw your lady. Is she your wife?" 

 "Yes sir", I said proudly. "Been married almost 20 years." 

 "You're a lucky man. She's fine for her age. What is she, forty?" 

 "Can't tell you that Leon. You know how women are about their age." 

 My drinks came and after one more sneak peek at Leon's enormous cock, I excused myself and went back to join Sue. 

 She was engaged in a conversation with a white woman wearing a skimpy bikini bottom and no top. 

 As I neared, Sue's visitor stood up and smirked at me. I admired her big breasts. Must be 36 D I thought. 

 Sue caught me staring and broke the silence with an "Ahem." 

 I handed Sue her margarita and extended my hand, "Mike" I said. "Pleased to meet you." 

 She looked at my crotch, smirked again and said to Sue, "I'll see you around." With that, she left.

 I couldn't help but look at her ass. It was great. Round and firm, it looked like two halves of a water melon beneath the tiny red bikini bottom. Her buttocks hung out of the bottom and the crack of her ass was three inches exposed at the top of her bikini. 

 "How rude of her" I complained to Sue. "She didn't bother to tell me her name." 

 "Her name is Rita. She's here with her husband and her boyfriend. You won't get to fuck her" Sue teased. 

 "Say again." 

 You heard right Mike. They traveled here together. Her husband paid for her boy friend's trip. I believe you met him at the bar. As soon as you left, she came here and Leon walked over to you." 

 "Think it was an accident?" 

 "No. Rita told me that Leon saw us enter and was interested in me." 

 "My God Sue, I saw him close up and personal. His cock was almost visible through his little bathing suit. It looked huge, like a polish sausage." 

 "Rita told me he was well hung. She says he wants to meet us. I've agreed that we'll join them for dinner." 

 We made small talk the rest of the afternoon, remarking on the people we saw, noting the different relationships. 

 "Did you notice that most of the white guys were quiet? I asked Sue. "The white couples with a black man with them, didn't the white guy look like the third wheel? Just like the guy in the pink thong waiting on that black couple." 

 "We'll have to ask Rita and her men at dinner," Sue replied. 

 We showered and dressed for dinner. Sue looked stunning. She had her sheer white dress on. Under that she wore a white panty. You could see it through the material. Her breasts were clearly visible, especially her nipples. 

 I moved to her, my cock hard. "Please Mike, don't mess up my make up. Wait until later tonight." 

 I sighed and adjusted my cock in my khaki shorts. 

 Again Sue garnered much attention when we entered the restaurant. "There they are" Sue said, seeing Rita waving to her. 

 I followed her to their table. Leon rose to greet us. "We meet again, little man." 

 Then turning to my wife, he introduced himself, all the while eyeing her up, like she was his prey. 

 Rita and her husband sat watching as Leon ogled my wife. We knew her name. Her husband was Stanley. He and I shook hands, he giving me a little extra squeeze. 

 The seating arrangement at the rectangular table was a bit strange to me. Stanley and I sat side by side. Leon was between the two women. Rita was on Leon's left, Sue on his right. 

 The waiter came and Leon ordered drinks for the table. I was troubled and annoyed when he ordered daiquiris for himself and our ladies, and bottled water for Stanley and I. I was asking the waiter to come back when Leon shot me a look. I quickly told the waiter, "never mind." 

 I challenged Leon on his drink selection. "What the hell was that Leon? I can order for myself." 

 "Little man, when you're at my table, I do the ordering. If that doesn't suit you, you may leave at any time." 

 I stood to leave but Sue shot me a look. "Let's go honey" I said a little weakly. 

 "Excuse us" Sue told the table. "We'll be right back." 

 I followed her to the bar and once out of earshot, she turned and let me know in no uncertain terms that she was going to dine with that trio and if I wanted to leave, I could. 

 "They were nice enough to invite us and if Leon wants you to stay sober, one night of no drinking won't kill you. Come on Mike, lets see how this plays out." 

 Dejectedly, I followed her back to the table. So far this night was a bust.... for me anyway. 

 Rejoining the trio, I sat red faced as Sue apologized for my rudeness. 

 The waiter returned with their drinks and Stanley's and my water. 

 Asking for our orders, Leon simply said that they were having the catch of the day and me and Stanley would have a cheeseburger and fries. 

 I was humiliated. Stanley accepted this treatment without comment, but I was unused to being treated like a child. 

 "What the hell Leon!" I demanded. 

 He gave me a look that scared the shit out of me. Sue was unhappy with my outburst as well. 

 "Mike, I want you to leave us. Your attitude is unacceptable at my table." 

 "Come on Sue, let's get out of here." I stood waiting for Sue to join me. 

 "I'm staying Mike. I'll see you later." 

 "Fuck that" my voice raising. "You're my wife, we're on vacation together. Lets go now." 

 With a shocking speed, Leon shot up and came over to me. Grabbing my wrist, he squeezed until it hurt. I tried to pull away but was unable to. 

 "Listen to me little man." He was whispering in my ear. "Take your motherfucking ass out of here. Do not make a scene or I'll make you one sorry little dicked white boi." 

 I was completely cowed by his speed and his threat. Thoroughly defeated, I turned and walked out. 

 I went to the bar and ordered myself a real drink. Then another, and another. I could see the four of them from my stool. Leon, Rita, and Sue, ate, talked, and laughed like old friends. Stanley sat quietly, munching his cheeseburger and fries, seemingly content. 

 Every now and then Sue would look my way wide eyed, then turn back to the others. 

 I got a little tipsy and went back to our room. 

 I removed my clothing and dozed on the bed for a couple hours before I was awoken by Sue. 

 "Mike, I know I was harsh with you. I wanted to stay and find out what's going on here. If I hurt your feelings, well, I'm sorry." 

 "Hurt my feelings? You humiliated me in front of those strangers Sue. You're my wife. I thought you loved me." 

 "I do love you Mike. I always will too. You need to know that. I wanted to hear what was going on. The next time we eat with them, if you behave yourself, maybe you'll find out what's going on." 

 "What? Eat with them again? Fuck that. I'm not going to be treated like that by some nigger." 

 "I've never heard you use the N word Mike. What's gotten into you tonight? Leon was a perfect gentleman. Rita and what's his name were polite too. You were the rude one. Don't you ever let me hear you say the N word again." 

 I was startled by her response. Sue had never been so assertive. I guessed she was a little drunk and le t it pass. 

 "Stanley." 

 "Huh?" 

 Stanley. Rita's husband. Stanley is his name." 

 "Whatever. Tonight was an eye opener for me." 

 "How so?" 

 "Leon had Stanley explain the dynamics of their relationship. They're a cuckold couple. Leon is their bull. Stanley is no longer allowed to have sex with her and she has to remain faithful to Leon." 

 I wondered why Stanley would give his wife so willingly as Sue continued. "Leon may have her fuck his friends but that's it." 

 I couldn't help it. My cock was getting hard at what I was hearing. 

 Sue went on, "Rita met Leon down here a year ago. He introduced himself to them and things being what they are here, Leon seduced her. Can you believe that? He seduced her in front of what's his name." 

 "Stanley."

 "Whatever. Anyway, Stanley, okay? Stanley watched them fuck. He said it was the most erotic thing he had ever witnessed. He actually told me that he was no match in bed against Leon and that he loves Rita enough to let Leon give her what he can not."

 "And what's Leon got that Stanley doesn't?"

 "A huge cock and he knows how to use it too. Rita said he can get hard again in only minutes after they've fucked. Imagine that." 

 "What I found to be very interesting is that Stanley, after one week of watching Leon fuck Rita, gave up his rights to have sex with her. He'd rather masturbate while watching those two together." 

 "Bullshit"' I said. Still my dick was fully erect.

 "No, no, it's true. Stanley told me so himself."

 "Leon lives close to them so he has a key to their apartment and comes and goes as he pleases."

 "Once, when Leon told Stanley to join him in the men's room, Rita told me that Stanley has sucked Leon's cock for him. I told her I didn't believe it and she pulled out her cell phone and showed me picture she took of Stanley with a black cock in his mouth. He looked quite at home too."

 "Oh my God" I thought. 

 "Wait a minute. Why did Leon want Stanley to join him in the restroom?" 

 "Oh that. Rita told me that Leon likes Stanley to hold his cock when he pisses sometimes. Handling that big black cock keeps Stanley in his proper place." 

 "Which place is that Sue?" 

 "Rita says that Stanley understands who the Alpha male is in their relationship. He also knows it's his place to be subservient to Leon. He and Rita are both sub to Leon but Stanley is sub to Rita too." 

 All this talk was making my cock ache, throbbing under the sheet. 

 "Someone likes what they hear" Sue smiled and reached for my cock. "You like the thought of Rita fucking that black stud, don't you?" 

 "Or did hearing that Stanley sucks on it, did that turn you on?" 

 "Leon told me he thought you were staring at his crotch when he met you in the pool bar. Did you like his cock Mike?" 

 Sue removed the sheet and was slowly masturbating me. "I think Leon wants to fuck me Mike. Does that excite you? Rita told me when they were in the men's room." 
