 Written as a sequel to “My First Male Threesome,” posted her by Alibi. As I (Rob) was one of the participants in the original story, I feel obligated to write the next episode…

As you read in the first installment, Al, John and I had spent a very enjoyable evening at my apartment. As the old saying goes, “a good time was had by all.” About two weeks later I was determined to repeat the evening, with some slight improvements on it’s theme. A date was set and soon the boys would be arriving.

John was the first to arrive, and I immediately took control of the situation. As I opened the apartment door, I greeted him with a handshake and told him to drop to his knees. I told him to remove my gym shorts and suck my cock. He went right to work without hesitation. You see, John is very submissive and does much better taking directions as opposed to acting on his own in these situations. Since I have always been the dominant one and a little “quick on the trigger”, I wanted to get my first load off quickly so that I could enjoy the rest of the evening without concern that I would cum too quickly.

If you didn’t pick it up in the first story, John is an excellent cocksucker. He really loves to worship my cock. He sucks, licks, and makes love to my cock, as he has done on several occasions. That’s why he became an important part of this playgroup. About five minutes into his oral attack, I felt my balls tighten and the makings of an orgasm building up. I braced myself against the doorframe, pulled my rock hard six inch cut cock from his mouth, and proceeded to jerk off the final 5 seconds before covering his face in my cum, something he loves. When I finished spurting thick ropes of cum on him, he took my cock softly into his mouth nursing it and milking every last drop from my cock and balls. He knows to be very gentle as I get supersensitive after a good cum. When the doorbell rang announcing Al’s arrival, John got to his feet and headed to the bathroom to clean his face off as I turned and opened the door.

Al was a little shocked to see me standing there with just a tee shirt on and my glistening cock swinging in the breeze, but he just smiled and asked me if we had started without him. I reminded him of how much longer lasting I am after the initial cum, and he just smiled… a smile because he knew what was in store for him this evening.

I ushered him into the bedroom, with John now right behind us. With no need for formalities, I told them both to get comfortable (meaning naked) as I headed to the kitchen for a few beers. I returned to my bedroom and we toasted to good friends, great blowjobs, and most importantly… great blowjobs FROM good friends! We each took a few swigs of beer and I directed them onto the bed. I love to have us lay on our sides in a circle with each guy sucking a cock while getting his own cock sucked. It’s the ultimate 69 in my opinion.

I directed our seating arrangement so that I could be the one to suck on Al’s cock, as I am partial to it. It’s not that I don’t like John’s huge nine inches of man meat, but I am more relaxed with a good stiff seven incher like Al is packing. Besides, Al is the best at deep throating John’s tool, something I still need practice at. For the second time in a half hour, John went to work on my now hardening cock. It does not take long for me to recover, when I am getting some of the best head of my life. We all got into the swing of things and the room was quickly filled with the sounds of slurping and an occasional groan.

One minor detail that Al omitted from the original story is how much he loves having his balls played with. He loves for me to take them completely into my mouth and suck on them. I start with one, then consume the other, releasing them only to lick them all over, then draw them back into my warm and waiting mouth again. I can actually get him to cum sometimes by only sucking his balls and not his cock, although I prefer to divide my time between his treasures! His cock feels so good in my mouth, almost nudging its way into my throat as I try to take him in completely.

I take a break to wet a few fingers in my mouth, quickly replacing them with his ball sac. While I am doing my magic on his nuts, I gently slip my wet finger into his ass, something greeted with a soft moan from him. He loves to have me finger his ass, and he knows that this is only the beginning of our ass play tonight as I have promised him something special in my e-mails. Soon I have two fingers worming their way into his bowels, all the while taking his cock as far down my throat as I can. Even thought he is usually the most long lasting of the three of us, I know that even he can not withstand this treatment for long. After all, he’s only human!

I come up for air and announce that it’s time for a change. I tell Al to scoot up on the bed with his back resting against the headboard and his legs spread. John is instructed to lay on his belly between Al’s legs, and he quickly gets to work sucking Al’s cock. I straddle John’s outstretched legs, almost sitting on his thighs. This allows me to rub my cock along John’s ass crack, something I know will drive him crazy. I reach into my nightstand for some liquid KY (I hate the jelly version) and dribble a thin stream right on his crack. Taking my still hard cock in hand, I slowly slide it up and down his crack, covering it with the slick lube. With my legs holding John’s legs closed, I have to take both hands and physically spread his cheeks to allow me to get to his rosebud. He gasps and tenses up as I press my cockhead firmly against his star, but he relaxes when he realizes that I am just playing. He has never allowed me to enter his ass with so much as a finger, and as always I respect those wishes. I may tend to tease him a few times, I don’t go beyond his limits. I am now sliding my slippery cock up and down his crack, trying to seal the whole thing up with my length. 

I look up when I hear grunting and Al announces that he is about to blow his load. With that, John grabs at Al’s cock and starts madly jerking him off with his face only inches from the loaded weapon. As if right on cue, I tell John that I am about to cum all over his ass at the same time that Al cums. In a chorus of grunts and groans, both Al and I drench John in semen, both on his face and his ass. I collapse onto John’s back as he rests his now sticky face on Al’s lap, softly licking at Al’s softening cock. I announce that we have two down, and one to go as it’s now time for John to bust a nut. I tell them to switch positions on the bed as I get up on shaky legs and head to the kitchen for a few fresh beers.

After finishing off the cold ones, Al gets busy on John’s cock. As I said previously, Al is able to take all of John’s nine inches, something that still amazes me. I love to watch as he goes down, and down, and down until his lips are forming a circle around the base of John’s cock with his nose touching his pubes. Enough watching, I need to get busy myself and I move back to the bed straddling Al as I did John before. I drizzle a little KY between Al’s cheeks, and quickly work two finger into his ass. I feel no resistance at all as he is still open from my earlier stretching. With my free hand, I reach into my nightstand and grab a red jelly, eight inch long vibrating dildo, one of Al’s personal favorites. 

Usually I start him off with a long slim bullet shaped vibrator to open him up, but based on how easily he took my two fingers I am confident he is ready. I lube up the toy and quickly replace my fingers with the head of ”Big Red” as he is affectionately called. Slowly I enter Al’s ass, pausing to allow his ring to adjust to the difference in girth. Big Red is about 1¾ inches in diameter, so it take a few seconds for Al to relax. Soon I am sliding it all the way in and all the way out, stopping just before it is about to pop from his grip. I love to fuck him slowly with this dildo, waiting a few minutes before starting up the vibrator. When I crank it up to high, I sometimes have to scrape Al off the ceiling as he gets so intense. Remembering that he has John’s cock in his mouth, I decide to be cautious and keep it on a low setting. I would hate for there to be an accident! Way too much to have to explain to the paramedics!

The sight before me is starting to have the desired effect as I feel my cock hardening. I make the decision that tonight is going to be very special for Al, as I hinted in my invitation that we were going to a new level tonight. The throbbing cock attached to my body seems to understand my thoughts, as it beginning to drip pre-cum in anticipation. Leaving Big Red in place for the moment I reach back into my nightstand for a condom, and after sliding it on, I spread a liberal amount of KY onto my covered cock. 

I remove Big Red and place the head of my cock at his now open asshole. Grabbing his hips with both hands, I drive forward with one full motion until I am buried in his ass. He stops sucking John long enough to look back at me and smile, silently saying “thank you” for fulfilling one of his fantasies. As he goes back to work on John’s cock, I begin to pump my cock in and out of his ass. I love the feeling of holding his hips and fucking his ass, even thought this is a first for us. I find myself looking down, watching my cock disappear into his bowels. What a sight! 

After a few more minutes, I hear John announce that he is about to blow his load. Al like myself, is not into getting facials, so he aims John’s cock up onto his belly and begins to jerk him off. Soon we can feel John’s body convulsing underneath us as he shoots his load onto his chest. All the while I am slowly fucking Al’s ass, without missing a beat.

I still have a ways to go so I make the suggestion that we switch places. I place Al on his back while John cleans up his mess. I kneel between Al’s legs and bring them up to his chest, exposing his ass to me. I slowly push my cock back into him with no resistance, and bring his legs up almost over his head. This allows me to get full penetration of his ass, while looking in his eyes the whole time. I call for John and tell him to get behind me and take care of my ass. He kneels behind me and spreads my cheeks. While trying to adjust to my fucking rhythm, he finds my hole with his tongue and starts his assault. While his hands are kneading my cheeks and holding them spread wide, his tongue is darting in and out of my asshole. Al the while I am slowly pumping my cock deep into Al’s ass.

We keep that up for another five minutes when Al suddenly starts groaning and he tells me that he is coming. Usually Al only cums once in our sessions, and this time he came a second time, and this time without anyone touching his cock. He tells us that he has never cum without the aid of a hand, mouth or pussy before, and we all have a good laugh at that as I move John back and pull out of Al’s ass. 

I lay down beside a totally spent Al and tell John to take up his position. He crawls up between my legs and removes the rubber from my still hard cock before devouring it. I know that after fucking Al’s ass and now getting a great hummer, I am not long for this life. Or rather I am not long for this load. After about four or five minutes, I feel that familiar sensation building and I tell John that his payday is here. With that, he takes me deep into his mouth and increases his tempo. I warn him again in case he didn’t hear me that I am about to lose my load and he just hums and sucks me deep into his throat. Suddenly I am bucking wildly against his face as I shoot my load directly into his stomach. I am shocked as John has never let me cum in his mouth, nor swallow me before.

When he is done nursing my softening cock, John crawls up next to the two of us and drops into a heap onto the pillow. I see a big smile on his face and I ask him what’s up. He grins and tells me that he didn’t want Al to be the only one who experienced something new tonight, and that he knew that I wanted him to swallow my load for a while now. I tell them both that this will not be the last time that they experience something new with me, and I am met with two grinning, but very tired faces.