 You come up behind me as I stand staring out the hotel window at the busy street 7 floors below. It is cold and wintry outside and I can feel the chill even through the triple panes of the large picture window. I shiver as my naked skin is covered with goose bumps. 

Your hands run slowly and softly down my spine until they reach the roundness of my ass cheeks. You stroke my globes and, as I spread my legs apart just a bit, you rub your finger along my bum crack and circle the brown pucker of my anus. Your finger is moistened with your saliva and as you circle my anal ring, I move slightly back until I can feel the tip of your slim finger slide past my relaxed sphincter. This is what I have been dreaming about ever since we started communicating via the net and then moved onto online chats several days a week. Even though I had to use my office computer over my noon hours - my wife could never know - I have always become hard as a rock as we take you to a satisfying climax. That has been such a turn on but now is the acid test; can we do this in person as well?

Your finger is slowly stroking its way deeper into my warm and welcoming ass and my cock is starting to grow harder. I feel your lips as they trace a line from the back of my left ear down across my shoulder and then up to my neck. You breathe into my ear in passing, "I want you to reach down and stroke yourself for me"

My hand finds my now fully erect shaft and tightens around it. I reach to the tip to gather some of my precum to use as a lubricant and then lightly stroke my cock as you instructed. This is turning out to be very erotic and my fears about my ability to get an erection in this, my first tryst, appear to be for naught. I lean my head back and find your strong shoulder as I turn my face part way around to seek your lips in our first kiss. As we brush lips for the first time, I feel an electricity pass through my inner most self as I exchange the most intimate of kisses with my first man! 

You finger slides slowly from my ass and I moan softly with the feeling of emptiness. You turn me in your arms and for the first time I see your naked body before me. Although you have more hair on your body than I do, my fingers reach out to stroke and find how soft it is; not at all what I expected by your description. You are a little huskier than I and your cock is thicker as it stands proudly from your shaven crotch. I reach out and tentative hold your shaft in one hand as I cup your clean-shaven heavy balls in the other. I have only touched myself in this intimate way and have only dreamed what another man would feel like.

I need to taste your cock; this has been the focus of so much of our chats over the past several months. We have never been able to meet since we are both married and you live out of the city from where I live. It is only because you are at a convention in my city for three days and I am able through my flexible work hours to get away from the office that this interlude has been possible. Neither of us has had more than a smattering of experience with other men and have only lived through our fantasies up until now.

I slide down your body until I am kneeling on the thick carpet at your feet. Your rampant cock is perfectly positioned close to my face and I breathe in deeply to inhale the muskiness of your body. As I blow lightly across the tip of your cock, it twitches upward in response; my eyes look up into yours as my take the shaft in hand again and run my tongue through your pee hole to capture the precum that is starting to flow. It tastes delicious - even better than my own when I am masturbating. I just knew that this would be so different but had no idea how turned on I was going to be!

Knowing what excites me the most, I ran my tongue around your glans and onto the super sensitive ring surrounding it; you groaned in satisfaction as your hips moved forward as if commanding me to take you fully in my mouth. I gladly obliged since this has been MY fantasy; to suck and lick you until you are about to cum and then take you as deep in my throat as possible to swallow all you can give me. Although I have tasted my own cum after finishing myself off, licking it from my palm and fingers has to pale with the feeling of cum blasting down my throat! I need to feel that!

I slowly take more of your thick cock - much thicker than my narrow shaft - an inch at a time until I reach the point where I feel my teeth starting to touch you. Since I don't want to leave any marks your wife would see or to hurt you, I back off until just the tip of your super hard cock remains in my mouth. I suck as I stroke you a little faster and then, after I take a deep breath and cover my teeth with my lips, plunge even more onto your cock with my hungry mouth. I almost have it all now and I take two more attempts until my nose is against your pubes! Although I feel like gagging, I relax my throat enough that I can hold you inside me for a minute or so while I work my throat muscles around the full shaft.

Your hands entwine in my hair as you attempt to pull yourself more fully inside my mouth and your hips are starting to fuck my face. I push away from you so that I can breath and you pull me up into your arms and lead me to the bed. Once we are lying there side by side, we start to kiss deeply as we stroke each other's precum soaked cocks.

You suddenly get up and turn around so we are in the classic 69 positions lying on our sides with our heads resting on each other's thighs. In concert, we begin to run our fingers along our thighs and tease closer and closer to the hard cocks and full ball sacks in front of us. I let you take the lead this time and with each touch, breath or lick, I follow with the same action. It is amazing to feel like you are doing such exciting and intimate things as if to your own body!

You warm mouth inhales my cock as I do yours and we begin giving each other the mutually satisfying blow jobs that we have talked about for so long. Finally, we are learning the joy of pleasing another man as only a man can know! I take a moment to moisten my finger and then return to sucking that wonderful hot rod of yours as I slide my finger deep inside your ass until I find your prostate gland. As I massage it, I feel your finger following suit and we moan together as we sense the boiling of cum in our balls, which are now tightening up!

We slide apart as if on a silent signal to look into each other's eyes. This is the moment we have chatted about. I reach out as do you until our fingers - fresh from their anal journey - reach the other's lips. My tongue snakes out and licks the tip of your finger as does yours; we then both suck in the musky but not unpleasant digits of the other for our first (but not our last) taste of the other's bottom. We have often spoken of a fantasy of tongue fucking each other and this may be the preamble of things to come. 

We then return to our pleasure at hand and are within moments it seems quickly approaching our mutual orgasm as we both pick up fucking each other's mouth. We cry out around the silken hardness filling our mouths as we start to cum and then cum again and again as we struggle to swallow the large loads we have been saving for two weeks. We had a pact not to masturbate for that period so that we would be sure to have plenty to share; and boy, did we ever!

You thought your cum was on the bitter side but I can't even begin to describe how sweet it is for me. That thick cum flowing down my throat and filling my mouth so much that some even spills out past my lips is spectacular. I don't want to miss a single drop and as we turn into each other's arms, we trade a kiss and the taste of each other as I lay on top of you and rub my still firm cock against yours until we both begin to soften.

The time passes all too quickly; you must return to the business of your convention while I need to return to the office for at least another couple of hours. We rise quickly and jump into a quick shared shower - we can't keep our hands off each other there either as we take turns washing each other or paying special attention to rising cocks. But we both need to rush so we dry off, dress and you slip out into the hallway after we kiss farewell until we can meet again (in a couple of months for a couple of days and nights together if all goes well). You hear several other conventioneers in the hallway outside your door so you slip out promising to call me at the office the next morning and head down to the elevator.

I listen at the door until all grows silent and then slip out unseen and head back to the office more satisfied than I think I have ever been. Lord, how I wish we could have had the whole day so we could have taken turns fucking each other - I so much want your hard cock sliding into my ass! Ah well, until the next time, lover.