 Aiden and I were twenty-two. Fast friends since we were sixteen. We'd grown up during the last days of the millenium. Over the years our friendship had been galvanized by differences we'd had, and had overcome. 

There were times when I dared to think it. I loved him--as a friend with my head, as a comrade with my heart, but also in a different way....

It was lust, and it was because he was a man. At times in the summer we would sit in our shorts, Indian-style, playing cards or checkers and I'd watch, unsuspectedly, as the pink head of his dick poked through the bottom of his cut-off shorts. I always wondered if he did that on purpose, seeking an edge in the game, sensing my concentration would be elsewhere!

I stored the sight in my mind, using it as fuel for my fantasies. I could't tell him any of this. As open-minded as I knew he was, it still seemed a risk too big to take. Life without his touch was hard, but life without his presence was something I didn't want to think about. 

Though I'd try to suppress my feelings, the sight of him would always excite me. At the beach, I'd toss him a Frisbee and drool over his muscles in motion. After a round of body boarding, we'd drag ourselves back on the beach and soak in the warmth of the sun. I'd lie on my stomach while he'd lie on his back, eyes closed tightly. I used that precious time to allow myself to drink him in. The tiny goosebumps, his deeply tanned skin, the movement of his chest as each breath circulated through his lungs, the blood pulsing through the veins in his neck, his baby fine hair wafting gently in the breeze and the fullness of his lips. His body was so inviting. I wanted to lay on top of him, to melt over him like butter in the sun. 

In August we had our annual camping trip. We were on a day hike when we saw the sign. 

Made of thick iron, the letters had been cut out by torch with intricate precision. "NO NUDITY ALLOWED," We looked at each other and grinned.

It was beautiful there. At the bottom of a canyon, was a small stream, inches wide, which flowed into a long, wide pool line with reeds and shrubs on one side and high sandstone cliffs on the other. We spotted several of these pools as we walked, each one more secluded and beautiful than the last. Finally, we found the perfect one, and it was ours--and ours alone. 

We decided to cross the water to the rocks against some cliffs. Not knowing how deep the water was and not wanting to get our clothes and belongings wet, we stripped naked and wrapped everything up in our towels. Out in the water, we waded until it became so deep that we had to hold everything above our heads and bounce off the bottom. Like waiters carrying trays of food, we made our way to the opposite side. We climbed out of the cool water, and laid down on the rocks that were being warmed by the sun's rays.

After a while we got out our ever-present magnetic game board to play some Chinese checkers. I really wanted to play with his cock, but at least I was able to let my eyes wander down to it. Previously shrivelled by the cold of the water, it had now begun to grow. If he knew I was staring he never let on, and after a while he drew one leg up, placing his foot on his knee. His balls shifted in their loose sack, gravity took action and they rolled forward. I took this as an invitation of some kind, but it was so subtle to be sure. 

Too quickly the afternoon slipped by and it was time to head back to camp. We both had developed dark tans over the summer, but being bare-assed in the sun was a new experience and, inadvertently, we'd burned our butts..among other things! It came as no surprise when we arrived at our campsite and Aiden declared it hurt too much to wear clothes. I signalled my agreement and we again threw our clothes to the wind. 

As the sky blazed orange from the setting sun, we lit a small fire, ate dinner, and rolled out our sleeping bags. The night air felt warm and refreshing, and made me more aware of our nakedness. Not yet ready to sleep, we stretched out on top of our bags for a little conversation and a few hands of cards. It was much like the afternoon, except now the flickering fire highlighted his groin while the rest of his tanned body blended into the darkness. The cards were dealt and a few rounds were played. It was Aiden's turn. He started to chew on his lip in a way I understood all to well--his turn was going to take a while. He studied his cards in deep concentration. I studied his dick.

The dancing firelight seemed to set it in motion. It was hypnotic.

"You gonna play or what!?" I heard a voice in the distant depths of my mind.

"Huh?" I said pulled from my trance. Aiden just stared at me in confusion. "We're playing cards...remember!?" 

"Oh, yeah you were taking so long my mind started to wander." It was a feeble attempt to cover the truth. 

"Yeah, sure..." I had expected those words, but they weren't said with disgust. There was, in fact, the hint of a smile on his lips and a look of mischievousness in his eyes. I was more relieved than hopeful, but still, maybe I'd misread him all these years. We finished the game. 

"What do you want to do now?" he asked. I always hated that question. Only one thing ever came immediately to mind. Only one thing.

"It doesn't really matter," I responded. I could dream about it, wish for it, but I couldn't bring myself to initiate it. "I'm kinda beat from the all the walking we did today," 

"Me too. I could really use one of your backrubs...if you've got the energy for it." 

"Yeah, I could handle that." I always could. "Backrub" always translated to "body massage". It was the one intimacy that was allowed between us; a line we both walked up to without hesitation, but never crossed. 

"I've got some lotion with my stuff. Could you rub some in? I think I overdid it in the sun today." 

"Sure, get comfortable. I'll be right back."

As I returned to him I couldn't help but think that tonight was going to be a night for the truth. We were both naked, he had caught me stealing peeks at his dick and was still willing to let me give him a massage. This was either a demonstration of his trust, or a demonstration of his desire. I stood over him. I'd seen this sight so many times in my dreams. I knelt down and touched him. It was no dream. I squeezed some lotion into my hands and warmed it. Starting at the calluses on the bottom of his feet, I began working my way up his legs. His body relaxed. I kneaded his thighs, but stopped at the fold marking the start of his buttocks. I next worked on his hands. there was a power in them that I couldn't completely understand. What was it about his hands that made them so sensual?

We interact so much with the world by the touching we do with our hands. In those moments we were, in fact, communicating through ours. He told me of the profound trust he had placed in me. Through tender touch, I told him of my undying love for him. The messages were so much clearer than any to be heard with the ears or seen with the eyes. My fingers perused the landscape of his arms and back. The lotion left a satiny coating that reflected the firelight. Finally, my hands were on his ass. The two muscular mounds exploded with goosebumps when I spread the lotion over them. This was the only place that was really sunburned and I gave it special attention. Starting at the base of his spine, I moved lower, kneading his cheeks, watching them contract in the process. As I moved closer to his legs, he repositioned himself. 

He was making himself more vulnerable! I wanted to plunge in, to live my fantasy, but he was more than just a willing piece of ass to me. He was the love of my life, and I wanted to see his face.

"Aiden...roll over," I said gently and with no hestitation he did.

I gazed down upon him as I proceeded to massage his feet and legs. His submission was unmistakable and undeniable. Soon I was straddling his stomach, leaning forward on my knees, exploring the ridges and valleys of his abdominal muscles. With each breath his ribs rose and fell beneath me. At last I molded my hands to his wonderfully sculpted chest. So broad, so muscular, I couldn't feel the ribs underneath. As I touched his nipples they tightened, bringing them to attention. I felt his heart beating faster. 

Suddenly, I became aware of the heat between us. I'd already lost the day-long battle against my own erection and now I could feel a warmth Iow and behind me. I turned to look. it was his cock, filling with blood, pulsing, arching its way towards me. I looked at his beautiful face below and leaned to touch it, to finish the massage. As I did, his penis pressed hard against me. The blood rushed heavily into my own groin and I began to weaken. Attempting to steady myself, I cupped his face with my hands. I rubbed his strong cheekbones gently with my trembling thumbs. 

He raised his hand, placed it on my shoulder, and slowly opened his eyes. Through our eyes, the windows to our souls, it all was conveyed--the complete truth.

"Come here..." he said softly.

I sank down onto him. My ass pushed back against his cock, almost seeming to cradle it. My own tool, roaring hard, was sandwiched by our warm, moist, lotion-quenched stomachs. My tongue met his and our lips sealed around them. I held his head in my hands like the sacred object it was. 

I wrapped my arms and legs around him, as content as I had ever hoped to be. We were woven together, only our tongues in motion, but then he took the bottle of lotion and squeezed some in his hand. 

"Hunch up on your knees, Bud." I've always loved when he called me that and I knew I'd love what was coming next. He smeared the lotion in my ass and then popped a finger inside. I moved back up to smother again his mouth with mine. His finger moved deeper inside until it pressed upon my prostate. I felt the release of fluid rush down the length of my penis and out onto his stomach. A moan escaped my mouth and I felt it reverberate in his chest. I heard the squishy sound of lotion as he stroked himself to full hardness. With one hand he pulled me forward against my weight; with the other he lined himself up to plug my anxious hole. Then he eased me back against him. I felt myself open up and then stretch wide as the head of his dick pushed through. 

My arms closed tightly around him. We froze in gentle embrace until I could relax. Gradually, more and more of his rod penetrated me. My balls nestled into his pubic hair and I knew his dick was home. My heart pumped blood through the vessels in my tightly stretched hole in rhythm with his steadily throbbing member. It had taken years to get this far. I slowly sat up and looked at him. Full and deep inside me, he opened his angelic eyes and flashed a devilish grin. I began to rock gently back and forth. His chest rose, and with a low groan, fell. Our lovemaking progressed by slow degrees, and as our movements became more pronounced, he reached out with his hand to me, first touching my dick, then encompassing it. 

We rapidly approached the breaking point. Our bodies glistened with sweat and our breathing had turned to panting. His hand stroked my cock much more frantically and I knew I was on the brink. 

"I could do this all night, Ran, but if you keep that up I'm gonna cum!" 

"Shit, man, we will do it all night! You can cum as many times as you want. Let it go!" 

So close to blowing my own load, I turned my attention to him, wanting to bring him over the top with me. I reached down and felt his shaft sliding in and out me. I slid my hand down and cupped his balls. With my thumb, I pressed firmly on the spongy underside of his dick, where it met his dancing ball sack. His whole body tensed and froze. I had gotten to his prostate the easy way. He uttered no sound, inhaled no breath, made no movement. He gripped my hips as if to keep from falling into some deep dark hole--but he had no chance. 

I felt the first spasm of his meat and the explosion inside me. That set me off. My ass contracted around him as he continued to pump into me. We each fed off the orgasm of the other. My cum shot out and landed on his tanned and sweaty chest. A small pool formed in the hollow at the base of his neck, as well. The body that had been so at rest as I massaged it earlier was now unleashed, blasting its blueprint into me. 

I collapsed against him, my semen serving as glue, cementing our bodies together. I felt him shudder under me one last time. He made no effort to withdraw, but soon that terrific cock, which had been so hard for so long, began to deflate and, eventually slide out. I straightened myself out beside him. Toe to toe, and tongue to tongue, we intertwined our legs, kissed, and propped ourselves up on our elbows. Neither of us said anything for a long time. It was a magic moment.

Aiden broke the spell. "You think you could concentrate on a card game now?" 

LIKE THE STORY? PLEASE RATE IT. 

***"VARYING EXTREMES: EPISODE 4" COMING SOON!!***