 Rob and I had been emailing each other, having phonesex and meeting each other for quite a while. However the meets had only been a handful of times, usually months apart. The last time I had been round to his was early one Saturday morning when I found myself on top of him and my cock pressed against him. And loving it. 

Unusually we were able to meet up again just a few days later. When he let me into his place he led me into the front room. His television was on. On the screen were two men having sex. He stood behind me and grabbed my cock through my trousers, holding the swollen shaft tightly in his hand. 

There was no uncertainty about our meetings any more. He appreciated that I was horny as hell. 

He let me watch the screen for a while, his hand gripping my cock as I saw one man penetrate the other. 

"You want to do that, don't you, you dirty fucker," he whispered, his lips touching my ear as he spoke. 

It was all I could do to nod my head. 

"One day, you are going to tell me that you want to fuck me," he told me. There was something about him talking to me like that which thrilled me. 

"Now get on your knees and suck my cock," he ordered. 

So I did. I sank to my knees and undid his jeans. His cock was bulging in his tight, white underwear and I pulled the front of them down so it could fall forwards. I kissed it, kissing the tip, before I opened wide and let my mouth close around it. This was becoming all very familiar to me now. The taste and the sensation of him in my mouth yet it still caused me to become overwhelmed with pleasure. 

After I had been happily sucking his cock for a good while he told me to get up and sit down on the sofa. I did as I was told, sitting there fully clothed as the porno continued to play on the screen behind Rob. He took his jeans and underwear off and put one leg on the arm of the sofa next to me. Grabbing my head he impaled my face on to his cock. 

More violently than ever before he began to fuck my face as he stood before me. His cock was buried deep in my mouth. He was muttering "fuck, that feels good" to himself as he rammed his cock into me. Just as I was beginning to worry that the force of his thrusts was going to leave some bruising on my lips he pulled his cock from my mouth and sat on the sofa. 

He held his own cock upright and smiled at me. I slid off the sofa, on to my knees, and he stretched out to lie along the length of it. Immediately his cock was back in my mouth. I turned my head so I could look up at his face as his cock was in my mouth. We made eye contact. Looking directly into his eyes I sucked his cock and then let it fall from my mouth as I licked the end. 

"Undo your trousers," he commanded me. 

I undid the button and the zip so I could pull my trousers and underpants down in one go. All whilst I still continued to give him a blow job. 

"Stick your bum in the air," he ordered.

I have never liked being told what to do during sex. Before now. This was so erotic. He had his cock in my mouth and I was willing to do just about anything. And he knew it. So I thrust my arse upwards as I kissed, licked and sucked his cock. 

His hand caressed my bottom, tracing his fingers delicately across my cheeks. He then grabbed a handful of flesh and squeezed it. I responded by moaning a little with his cock still in my mouth. Then he slapped me. Out of nowhere he slapped my arse. And I just redoubled my efforts in giving him oral. 

"You like that, don't you, you cocksucker," he said. I moaned in response. 

"Make me cum," he said. And there I had my orders. I was not going to let him down. 

With his hand roughly squeezing my bum I bobbed my head up and down on his cock until I heard him groan, felt his legs stiffen and then felt the now familiar sensation of his cock twitch as he came in my mouth. I swallowed what I could then let the rest dribble down his cock as he slid from my lips. 

Then my phone rang. 

I leapt up, pulled my trousers and underwear up, and grabbed my phone. It was work. Quickly I stepped outside his front door and made some excuse for where I was. 

When I returned to the front room, Rob was dressed and the porn had been replaced by afternoon television. But the thing was my excuse had got me out of work for the whole afternoon. And I was still horny as hell.

"Take me to bed, Rob," I said before heading to his bedroom without waiting for an answer. 

By the time he followed me I was already stripped naked and waiting for him beneath his duvet. He slid next to me and kissed me. His hand found my achingly hard cock and he encircled the shaft with his fingers. 

The whole experience on the sofa had me close to orgasm already. He expertly manipulated my cock, stroking it, twisting my shaft in his hand and touching the sensitive tip. I was so wet and so hard. I sank back down on the bed and he followed me. One hand was on the back of my head, pressing my mouth to him as we kissed, the other was still in my groin, wanking my cock. 

Suddenly I felt the wave of orgasm coursing through my body as I spunked. The cum flew up and landed all over my stomach and his fist. He milked the last few drops from my shaft then rolled to lie on his back. 

As I caught my breath I looked at him. His tanned body and his soft penis. Something occurred to me that I had always wanted to do. I lent over and took his soft dick in my mouth. His hand gently stroked the back of my head as I felt him grow inside me. Having a hard cock in your mouth was so exciting, feeling a cock grow from soft to hard as you suckled it was magnificent. 

Once more I moved so I was kneeling between his open legs. My mouth still tenderly sucking his glorious erection. 

"Oh fuck Jay," he said, "lick my fucking balls."

Only too happy to oblige I replaced my mouth with my hand on his cock and travelled lower. My tongue began tracing excited circles all over his balls. It was obvious he was enjoying the sensation. His knees got further apart, inviting me onwards. 

My mouth opened and allowed his balls to fall into my mouth. I sucked gently on them, all the time maintaining a steady rhythm as I masturbated him. I licked all around the base of his shaft, his balls and underneath his sac. His hips started lift off the bed. 

"That's it" he groaned as my tongue travelled on. 

"That's it, lick my hole you dirty cocksucker," he said as I realised that I was allowing my tongue to lick way beyond his balls. I was licking his arse. My tongue was right there, licking his hole. I was so overcome by lust, I was so out of control I was rimming him without thought. 

Once again he shot his load. This time though he shot it as my hand wanked him and my tongue teased him. After he had finished cumming I kissed him, my tongue in his mouth, this time with a new taste on the tip of it. 

For the second time in just a few days I was shocked at the thoughts that were in my mind as I drove home.