 Whenever I travel I know I am going to be horny, and I may get to "stretch my arms" a little... explore my "darker side" that must stay hidden whenever I am home. I generally like the "usual porn". Occasionally, though, I may veer off the main stream a little and open my mind for more interesting attractions. 

One of the first things I do when I get settled into the hotel (as "settled in" as you can get at a hotel) I open the phone book and browse the local entertainment venues. Bars, nah. Night Clubs, nah. Adult book stores, maybe. Adult theaters, maybe. Strip clubs, maybe. 

This particular trip was about 2,500 miles from home, so I had plenty of room to stretch. I did find a great little strip club. The girls were real, and they were HOT! You know, none of those plastic surgery junkies. These girls were like the girls you wanted to fuck in school, and some you actually did fuck. 

The hotel I was staying at had a "hospitality hour" where they untapped the keg in the lobby for guests. I made the most of the hour, while flirting with the girl at the front desk. When the hour was up they unscrewed the lever (handle) off the tap, but I was more familiar, and more mischievous than they bargained for. I just went ahead and kept filling my cup. Nobody seemed to mind. 

Before the hour was up I had noticed this guy also hanging around the front desk. He had said he was waiting for his laundry. He had been at the hotel a while (hence having to do laundry) and had struck up a friendship with the target of my flirting. I was sure I would not get anywhere with the girl, but it was fun to flirt. 

During phone calls and interruptions the front desk girl had, this guy and I had talked. I was sure he was gay. I have a very keen sense ("gay-dar") which may be considered VERY unusual for a straight guy. I am NOT homophobic, but generally score about 90% on determining a guys orientation just from casual interaction. 

I found myself having many thoughts about this guy. "If he is gay, will he give me a blowjob?" "If he is gay, what would he do with a straight guy?" or "what would he let a straight guy do with him?" 

After plenty of beer and useless flirting with Miss Front Desk, I was going to head back to my room. I thought I'd throw caution to the wind (where my "3 sheets" were) and ask him if he wanted to continue our conversation in my room. Don't ask me what we had been talking about, I was not paying much attention to the talk. He accepted my invitation. 

On the way to my room, the talk did get personal. I asked him if he was gay, and he said, "Yes". He seemed surprised I figured it out. He also seemed surprised that if I had figured it out, why would I ask him back to my room? I told him I had been having a lot of thoughts about same sex encounters. I decided I was "Bi-Curious". He was satisfied, maybe even pleased, to hear that. 

We entered my room and sat and talked for a bit. He and I discussed what I was curious about. I wanted to know what a man's hand felt like on my hard cock. I wanted to know if a man REALLY does know how to give a blowjob better than a woman. And I wanted to know how a hard cock felt in my hand. I wasn't too sure about tasting a cock, but was not ruling that out. 

We chatted for a few more minutes and he asked if I would be comfortable taking my clothes off. I was nervous, but wanted to experience what I had been reading about and thinking about for years. He said how nice my body is, which surprised me. I could stand to work out, but he liked my looks. Once I was naked, exposed, nervous he did whatever he could to calm me. He asked if I would like him to touch me, and I said "Yes, I would like it very much". He suggested I lie down on the bed, to be more comfortable. He touched me and I jumped. Then I relaxed and enjoyed him lightly exploring my body. Not just going for my cock, but really getting to know my body. 

He stroked my legs, my thighs, lightly and quickly brushed my erection,then stroked my stomach. He continued up to my chest, and my nipples. When he did that I had to moan. It felt so wonderful to be the focus of someone's attention like that. He was there to please me. He did not seem to have any expectations, or hidden agendas. 

After a few minutes of getting familiar with the rest of my body his hand headed back down to the main attraction. You could see my cock throb as my heart beat so hard with anticipation. When he finally wrapped his warm hand around it, I nearly shouted out loud! He stroked me a few times, then I asked him to take his clothes off. He asked if I was sure, and I nodded. 

I watched him undress and was very eagerly anticipating seeing his cock. I had only been in the same room with another guy andhis hard cock once before, about 20 years earlier. When I saw it, I was very excited and wondering how far I would go with it. He got on the bed next to me and we just looked at each other's body for a couple minutes. He was letting me get used to being naked, in a sexual situation with a man. When he touched me again I did not jump. I moaned and he liked that. I lay there and let him touch me for a bit, then I could not hold back any more. I had to touch his cock. 

When I touched it, he moaned. I was very impressed at how warm and soft it was, yet how powerful it felt in my hand. It was similar in shape and size to mine, but felt so very different than my own. My head was really spinning now. It was not the alcohol, but it was the excitement. The pure sexual lust and desire that comes with an anonymous sexual encounter. We stroked each other for a while. I did not really look at his face much, just concentrated on his body. It's not that I was embarassed, or did not want to be there, I just wanted to know more about his body. We did look at each other, but hardly said a word. It was very peaceful and enjoyable. 

Finally, we went to the next step... he had stroked me and finally bent down and slowly took my cock in his mouth. I could not think and could not move. I never remembered a woman's mouth feeling that good! He teased my cock, but very deliberately, not just to tease. He was really admiring it, and actually seemed as if he was worshipping it. He took me right to the edge of cumming when I had to do something. I sat up and he stopped. He looked at me with a concerned look and asked if I was alright? I said I have never felt better. I wanted him to move around so my face could be closer to his cock while he sucked me. This also gave me a moment to regroup and recover from being so close to cumming. 

We got arranged on the bed so each of our faces was at "target level". Instead of going right back to sucking me, he touched me and fondled me. This was very nice. Although this was a very deliberate sexual encounter, he made it seem more warm and not so "fuck 'em and forget 'em". While he was stroking me and exploring me I was reciprocating. I was enjoying his body and enjoying him explore my body. He began sucking me again, and I had to pause for a minute while he made my whole feel like it was one huge cock. Every bit of me was nerve and every bit was being sucked by him. 

Well, I finally decided to do it. I moved my head closer to his erection and watched it as I held my tongue out to touch the tip. That was it! I had taken the plunge! I licked a little more of it with each stroke of my tongue. After a few licks I placed my lips around the head. This got a very pleasant reaction from him. He groaned and moved his hips toward my face. I really took my time getting to know this cock. Each time I placed my lips around it, I took a little more in to my mouth. I was struggling with wanting to just suck it hard and fast. I was very patient and tried to be as good to him as he was to me. 

Eventually I took the whole thing (well, as much as I could) in to my mouth. When I finally got my mouth full, I held it there for a moment and savored the moment, as well as the flavor. Salty, warm, soft, hard. My mind was going a thousand miles an hour. An hour earlier I had been eyeing the girl at the front desk, and now I was sucking a stranger's cock! I was very proud and very impressed with myself. As much as I wanted to, I did not cum. I have never had great control of that, but tonight I had full control. And I was going to make the most of it. 

After a while of great mutual sucking we took a little break and lay there next to each other. This time not as much sexual, but more sensual. Enjoying the feelings we were experiencing. Rather than go back to sucking, he said he wanted me to do something else for him. He wanted me to jack off for him! I had always wanted to jack off in front of people! Women, men, one, one hundred... I didn't care, I just wanted someone to see me doing what I like to do. 

This was a great turn on for me. In the past, when I was in a hotel room higher than the second floor I would leave the drapes open and walk around naked, usually being lead by my hard on. I would stroke it for a while, then walk around and stroke it some more. I always imagined someone really getting off watching me. I knew I was getting off doing it! 

He moved up on the bed a little bit and laid on his right side. I sat up a bit and moved so I could lay back against him. I am a right-handed stroker, so the position I was in allowed me to stroke myself with my right hand and stroke him with my left. A cock for each hand! I could not believe what I was doing, and how much I was enjoying it. Well, I could almost believe how much I enjoyed it because I had had fantasies about encounters close to this. This went beyond what I ever could have fantasized, or could have hoped for. 

As I stroked both cocks he "helped me" with a little of each. It was an unbelievable feeling having a hard cock in each hand. As I got closer to cumming, I focused more on myself than on him. He realized that and he played with his own and would occasionally run his hand up and down my shaft along with my hand. Soon I had my head back, eyes closed and I was moaning at the pleasure I was getting and overjoyed at how erotic the situation was. My pace quickened, along with my heartbeat. My stomach muscles tightened. My breathing was getting as hard as my cock. Oohhhh, I'm going to cum... He touched me lightly and moaned his approval and encouragement. He was great the way he knew what I needed. I did not need anyone to spoil the moment, just quietly let me know they were enjoying this as much as I was. 

As I sprayed my load most of it landed on me, but a little landed on him. After a brief rest and recovery, we moved a bit and he gently licked my cum off me and said it tasted like the very first time he remembered tasting cum. That was a great memory for him, and a comment that will stay with me for a very long time. Having been one to eat my own cum before, I licked my own off of him, which was new for me. It somehow tastes so different when it is licked off another body versus licking it out of your own hand. 

Shortly after that he said he had to go. It was late and he had to be up early in the morning. He also said he did not want to overwhelm me my first time. We did not get together again that trip. We exchanged some emails, but never were able to arrange another encounter.