 This is a sexual fantasy written by someone who never served in the navy, please excuse any inaccuracies of naval protocol and terminology.

It began because I was out of uniform.

I am Commander William Stanforth, Will to friends, and I was in command of the destroyer USS Dorian Gray. I was posted to Dorian Gray 11 months ago; I had been a desk jockey at the Pentagon. This was my first sea posting for a number years and I was thoroughly enjoying it, for the most part.

We were delayed in Pearl by a major turbine failure which happened hours after our original departure. Part of what I didn't like. We were now making best speed for the northwest coast of Australia where we were scheduled to take part in joint exercises with the Australian, New Zealand and Indian navies.

We were two days out when the air conditioning units failed. Another part of what I didn't like. It failed when the temperature was 95 degrees F. Needless to say everyone was sweating in the heat. I ordered scuppers set up to draw air into the interior and every possible hatch and porthole opened to increase airflow. I also gave permission for those on duty to wear shorts and t-shirts rather than regular duty wear.

At 2030, I decided to retire to my at-sea cabin, a small cabin with rack, a couple of chairs and a desk, and private head. Once in the cabin, I stripped off my sweaty uniform and pulled on fresh boxers. I sat down and booted up my personal laptop to read emails from my wife and kids. My wife had sent an explicitly sexy email -- something we always did when apart. I was enjoying that email, and the effects it was having on my cock, when there was a knock on the hatch.

I was expecting the XO or the Chief Engineer to be making a report on the air conditioning as I had requested, so making myself a little more presentable, i.e. stuffing my cock back inside my boxers, I said, "Enter." I was surprised to see a young seaman wearing sweaty t-shirt and shorts come in juggling an electric fan and a large bowl of ice cubes. I leaped up to assist him. "What's this?"

"Compliments of Chief Hemperer, sir, Captain, ah... Commander... ah, sir," he stammered in confusion. Confusion in part because of his first one-on-one with the Captain and in part because of the semi-rigid state of my cock which I noticed he noticed.

"Captain or sir will do, Seaman..." I paused waiting for him to fill in his name. He just looked me. "Your name is..."

"Oh, sorry, sir," and he snapped to attention, "Seaman Apprentice Andrew Baskins, sir, service number 34..."

"Whoa, whoa, Baskins. This isn't an interrogation, I just couldn't remember your name. Now, why did Chief Hemperer send me this stuff?"

"Ah... he heard you had gone to bed... no, retired to your cabin, sir, and because the air conditioning will not be working soon, he thought this might make things more comfortable, sir."

"And he sent the most junior member of Engineering because...?" I asked rhetorically.

Baskins manfully tried to answer, "Well, sir, because I was not doing... well, I was..."

I held up my hand, "Because as junior man you are least likely to invoke the Captain's wrath." I laughed. "Relax, Baskins, and set up your gear."

I watched the seaman plug in the fan and place the bowl of ice in front of it. He then adjusted and readjusted the position in order to maximize the effect. Baskins was about 18 years old, maybe 5'8" and a very slim 135. His very fair hair emphasized his youth.

I had the sense he would manipulate the contraption all night if I allowed him, "Thank you, Baskins, that is perfect. You can tell Chief Hemperer I appreciate his thoughtfulness and I await his progress report asap."

Baskins actually bowed himself out of the cabin, much to my amusement.

I returned to my wife's email and to drafting my 'appropriate' response. She was up very early and we got into an exchange of dirty emails for a couple of hours. I sat stroking my cock as we exchanged messages talking of what we would like to be doing at that very moment. A couple of hours later, we had just concluded our conversation because she had to get ready for her workday when there was a knock.

Again I stuffed my cock back into my boxers and said, "Enter." Instead of a senior officer making a report, it was young Baskins bringing more ice. "Another message from Chief Hemperer?" I asked.

His response surprised me, "No, sir, I just thought I would make sure you had enough ice for the night, sir." He held up what he was holding.

"That was very thoughtful, Baskins. Not necessary but thoughtful." He blushed. "Go ahead, fill it up." He very slowly topped up the ice. I examined his body language as he did so. "Ok, Baskins, what's up?"

"Sir? What uh... I don't know... what...?"

"Baskins, the truth. Why are you here, now?"

His blush deepened. His stammer worsened. His breathing sped up.

I waited until his breathing returned to normal. "Alright, Andrew, slowly now. You came here tonight because..."

He looked at me and burst out crying. Between his sobs he tried to speak but it was incomprehensible to me. I motioned him into the chair beside me and laid my hand over his. He grabbed my hand in both of his and brought it up to his lips. He kissed my hand.

Oh, oh, I thought to myself. This was before the repeal of "Don't ask, don't tell". Personally, I have always disagreed with the dated attitude of a lot of my fellow officers and of the organization for which we work. I grew up with a gay older brother and in my family we accepted gayness as normal. I have known many excellent men and women in the navy who just happened to be gay or lesbian and never had a problem.

Here, however, I was faced with the reality of a young man in my command who appeared to have a crush on me, or something. Now at 51 years old, and a fit 5'11" 175 pounds, I consider myself a fine catch, an opinion echoed by my wife, but I was unprepared for this.

Baskins continued to kiss my hand and then took my index finger and sucked it into his mouth. Now, what, I thought, actually I was screaming to myself.

I pulled my hand away. His mouth followed until I put my other hand on his forehead and pushed him back. "Baskins... Andrew... I am not sure what is happening. Perhaps you had better tell me very clearly."

He looked disappointed and ashamed. "Sorry, sir, when I came earlier I saw... and well, sir, I thought... I hoped... and when I came in again now... I saw... well, you are hard... and I thought it's because of me..."

"Oh, Andrew, I was communicating with my wife. I'm sorry. I thought I had hidden..."

"Oh, god, sir, oh, god... you must hate me, oh, god..."

"Why would I hate you?"

"Because I'm gay and I made a pass at you and you have to kick me out of the navy and I'm sorry. I'm such a fool." He buried his face in his hands. Then suddenly he bolted for the hatch.

I managed to grab him by the waist before he got out. "Come back here. Let's talk," I said as I led him back to the chair. "First of all, I do not hate you because you are gay. Some people may but I am not one of them. And for that reason you need to be more careful about who you come on to. Have you come on to anyone else on the ship?" He shook his head. "Alright good. I would recommend you not until you are 100% sure they are likely to accept your coming on to them. You understand?" He nodded. "Second, I am not going have you kicked out of the navy. That is an order I choose not to obey. But don't tell anyone I said that or we will both be out of the navy, understood?" He smiled as he nodded. "Good, now thirdly, why on earth are you making a pass at a man almost three times your age? There are a lot of young, or younger, guys out there. I'm flattered but really... what's up with that?"

He gulped and looked me in the eye, "I like older guys, sir. And, sir, you are a very sexy man." My turn to blush. "And everyone below is always saying how great you are and how approachable you are and how you listen real good and I... well I guess I jumped to a conclusion." He started crying again.

I scooted my chair closer and, as I would with one of my kids, I embraced him pulling him into my chest.

His sobbing subsided slowly. I stroked his back as I would one of my kids when they were upset but...

This was a different situation and I should have realized it. Suddenly, Andrew's hand was sliding up my thigh getting closer to my boxer clad cock. Before I really recognized what was happening his hand slipped under my boxer leg and onto my cock and balls.

"Andrew..."

"Sir?" and his other hand moved up my thigh.

"Stop, now," I demanded.

"Why? You're horny from talking with your wife and I'm horny so we should help each other, right?"

I was going to argue with his logic when I noticed a stirring in my crotch. "This is wrong on so many levels, Andrew. I'm an officer, you are enlisted, I am your commander. You are young enough to be my son or even grandson..."

"That's what makes it hot, sir," he interrupted, "All the reasons we should not do this. Don't you think?"

I hesitated. He pounced on that hesitation, "See, you're thinking about it. I was right. You're thinking about letting me suck you, maybe sucking me, and then..."

"Oh, god, kid, that is not what I was thinking."

His hand explored my cock and balls further. I hardened under his ministrations. "Liar," he laughed and dove down, opened my fly and vacuumed my cock into his mouth.

I made a feeble protest but he ignored me. This kid knew how to suck cock. I moaned despite myself.

Andrew looked up at me and smiled around my cock. He pulled off long enough to say, "Told ya." He plunged all the way down all 7.5" easily. He developed a pattern of pulling back and plunging forward intermixed with stops to lick at the head and to nibble a bit behind the head.

I was in heaven. I had never had such a great blowjob. Not even from my wife who gives good head.

I found myself putting my hand on Andrew's head encouraging him in his movements. He pulled off completely and lunged at my balls sucking and licking them in tandem and separately. He stroked my cock at the same time.

The sensations were great. So great I felt an orgasm building. "I'm going to cum, kid. Watch out." I thought I was warning him off; he had other ideas and took the head of my cock into his mouth just in time to receive my hot cum. He swallowed it all and suckled on my cock to get even more.

I became very sensitive and pulled the young seaman away from my cock. He let go very reluctantly. When he rose he sat on my lap and wrapped his arms around my neck. "Thank you, sir," he whispered.

"Thank you," I replied and meant it. Without thinking I moved my hand into Andrew's crotch. I rubbed the mound I found there. He sighed. I reached into his shorts, grabbed onto his cock and began stroking it.

"Yes, sir, please, sir."

I tugged at his shorts waistband. He rose enough to allow me to strip them off his slim hips. I went back to stroking his cock. I loved the feel of his soft flesh covering his hardness. I had never played with another man's cock before. I found I liked it. I also rolled his balls in my hand and fondled behind his balls into his ass crack. I touched his puckered hole. He moaned and pushed back onto my finger. I took the hint and slid my finger into the first knuckle.

"Finger me, sir, finger fuck me good. All the way in, sir."

I obeyed his entreaty and shoved all the way in. And pulled out. Pushed in.

"God, yeah, sir, fuck me, finger my ass. Oh, yeah."

Being a good captain, I did what I had to do to make my crewmen happy, I slid a second finger onto his hot, tight ass. I was met with grunts of pleasure. I tried a third. It was tight going, especially as there was no lube, but Andrew obviously was enjoying it. His sphincter tightened around my digits and, without further warning, he blasted a load all over my chest and abdomen.

He panted into my ear, "Oh, thank you, sir, I really needed that, sir." From the amount he shot over me I had to agree that he needed it. I eased my fingers from his ass and wiped them on some kleenix from my desk.

He surprised me by kissing me full on the mouth, thrusting his tongue in. I surprised me by kissing back. I could taste my cum on his tongue. I liked the taste of cum.

By the time we broke apart, the excitement was giving a rise to my cock. But I wasn't ready for a second round, although the young sprite was and his hard 5" cock was pressing into my crotch.

"Andrew, that was amazing but..."

"No buts, sir," he interrupted, I know what you are going to say. We shouldn't have done that we shouldn't do it again." I nodded. "But why not , sir? You liked it. I loved it! And nobody needs to know." He paused momentarily, then said, "And think how good it will be for the entire ship, sir."

"What...?"

"Well, sir, if you get regular sex during the cruise, you'll be more relaxed. And if you are more relaxed you will be a better captain. And if you are a better captain everyone benefits. Right?"

"Your logic is good, not great from a navy standpoint but good none the less." I laughed as I hugged him close. But, I cannot be a good captain if I'm fucking a crewmember..."

He bounced on my lap, "So, you are going to fuck me!"

"That is not exactly what I meant..."

"But it is what you said. And as a good officer you should always keep your word, right?"

I realized this was like talking to one of my kids when they were teens. I was not going to win at this discussion. I sighed in resignation.

"AH, AH!" he cried in triumph, "I am ready willing and able anytime you want me, sir. My ass and my mouth are yours to command, sir." He gave me his best salute. And grabbed at my cock.

I could not help but smile. "But, I do not recover as quickly as you do, seaman, so that is me done for the night."

He jumped from my lap. Kissed me. Straightened his shorts and made for the hatch. "You know where to find me, sir." And saluted again, this time grabbing his crotch as he did so.

As the hatch closed behind him, I pondered the implications, both professional and personal, of what had just happened. Professionally, if word got out I could kiss my 26-year career good-bye. Personally, if word got out I could kiss my 28-year marriage good-bye.

But, also personally, I could have sex with a sexy, young, eager little hunk on a regular basis. Wait, a hunk, a guy? I had never considered sex with another guy before and after one encounter I was planning more sex with a guy. Well, apparently faster than you could say 'Jack Rabbit', I determined I'm bisexual -- and I like it.

A knock broke into my reverie. My cock gave a little leap at the thought of Andrew returning so soon. I made myself as presentable as possible, "Enter."

It was the XO, Executive Officer Lieutenant Bryce Withers, reporting heavy weather approaching. "Secure the open portholes and hatches," I ordered.

"Aye, aye, sir," was his automatic response but then he hesitated and took a good whiff of the air.