 A knock broke into my reverie. My cock gave a little leap at the thought of Andrew returning so soon. I made myself as presentable as possible, "Enter." 

It was the XO, Executive Officer Lieutenant Bryce Withers, reporting heavy weather approaching. "Secure the open portholes and hatches," I ordered. 

"Aye, aye, sir," was his automatic response but then he hesitated and took a good whiff of the air. Withers gave a half smile and actually winked at me before departing.

I dressed and went up to the bridge to ensure all was well. From the bridge I could see the approaching storm. Great bolts of lightening and the distant rumbles of thunder came from clouds dumping sheets of rain into the ocean. I directed a slight course change to port to give us more sea room. Shortly after the rain pelted down on the ship as we caught the edge of the storm.

I had an idea to aid morale a bit. Using the 1MC I announced to the crew, "To help cool everyone down, those not standing wash have permission to get into the rain on the fantail." I could hear muted cheers from below. "Skivvy's acceptable wear. Each division off duty will have 15 minutes. Lieutenant Okassa will announce each rotation." I turned to the lieutenant jg standing behind me and told him to get to it.

The young officer consulted the duty rooster and sent the first group up. The men burst forth and stood soaking in the downfall.

I relocated so I could see the fantail. Prior to Andrew I would have admired the playfulness of the men, glad they were able to cool off and relax. Post Andrew me, I stood watching the fit bodies glistening with moisture, enjoying the sight of their skivvies getting wetter and clinging more tightly to their crotches. 

Okassa called for the second rotation. The men left the fantail less quickly than they came but they left in a much lighter mood. One of them caught sight of me and called up, "Thanks, Captain!" The others joined in. I waved back.

"Good call, captain." I jumped a little at the unexpected voice beside me. "Sorry, Captain. Guess you were absorbed." Withers gave a chuckle.

"Yeah, Bowser," using his Annapolis nickname, "I guess I was gathering cobwebs as my mother used to say."

"Nice to be out in the fresh air," he replied. "Might make it easier to sleep." I nodded acknowledgement. "That and a really good cum."

"What did you say?"

"A really good orgasm makes it so much easier to fall asleep, I think. Don't you find that, Captain?"

I stared at him. Was there another, deeper meaning to what he said? 

Withers was watching the men roughhousing below. "Now, there's a pretty sight." He directed my attention with a nod. 

Some of the men had taken to pantsing the others. Not hard to do when they were only wearing skivvies. Several of the men were now nude. 

"Yes, sir, very pretty sight," he repeated. "Kinda makes you wish..."

I waited for him to continue and when he didn't, "Well, Withers, what does it make you wish?"

He chuckled nervously, "Well, that that could be the uniform of the day on a regular basis."

"What are you trying to tell me, Withers?"

More nervous laughter. A pause. Then, "I saw young Baskins come out of your cabin, you were in your underwear, and then I smelled... well, that smell when I went in."

"That smell? What smell is that?" I wanted him to say it rather than me saying it.

Nervous chuckle. Pause. "You know, sir, ..." I shook my head. "The smell of... well, the smell of ..." his voice dropped to a barely audible whisper, "cum, sir."

"Interesting. And from these observations what conclusion did you draw? And do be careful, Lieutenant." I kept my voice flat but firm.

"Oh, sir, no, sir, I wasn't trying to... I was... I meant... Fuck, sir, I was trying, I am trying to let you know..."

Yes, let me know...?"

"Fuck, sir, ... I can be... I am... available, sir." He was blushing and not making eye contact. And having said something which could end his naval career well he should feel uncomfortable.

I said very gently, quietly, "Bowser, are you aware of what you just said, and what the ramifications of what you just said, said to me your superior officer, could be?"

Okassa called for the next rotation. I acknowledged the men's thanks as they went below. I watched the next group come up, Andrew Baskins among them.

Withers muttered repeatedly, "Fuck, Fuck, Fuck, Fuck..." 

I took him by the shoulders, "Look at me. ... Look at me, lieutenant." He met my gaze reluctantly. I paused, took at deep breathe, "Fortunately for you, or unfortunately for both of us, you drew a correct conclusion from your observations."

He started breathing again, "Oh, thank god."

"Are you telling me you are gay?"

"No, sir, no. Not at all... You know I'm married, sir." I nodded. "I... I just... well, I like sex with men once in awhile. I thought, well I could, we could... satisfy that need together. 'Cause I thought that is what you and Baskins do."

"Truth be told, what happened between Baskins and me tonight was my first time... with a man."

"Really, sir? And did you... well, was it go... What did you... I mean, what happened... Did you enjoy it, sir?"

"That is kinda personal, don't you think?"

"Yes and no," he responded, "yes it is kinda personal, but no, I am not just prying. I can remember my first time, it was at Annapolis, I was confused afterwards and I wished I had someone to talk to about it. I can be that someone for you if you want, sir."

I made direct eye contact and could tell he was being sincere, "Bowser, I appreciate that offer. I really do." I took a deep breath, "but, no confusion here. I fucking loved it!" I quickly looked around to ensure no one else heard me and then repeated, more quietly, "I fucking loved it. I cannot wait to do it again."

He smiled broadly and asked mischievously, "Just with Baskins, sir?"

"Hell no! Yes, with him but I want to do every man I come across." I looked down at the crewmen below, many of whom were naked in the rain, "But as captain I have to be careful. I can't just point to someone," I pointed at one hunk below, "and say come to my cabin so I can ravish you, now, can I?"

Withers followed my finger and laughed, "I wouldn't try to do that with him, sir."

"But, I can point to you and say that, can't I?"

That broad grin reappeared and he nodded vigorously. 

"And what sorts of things will you teach me?" I sneered.

"Whatever you want to learn, sir. Have you fucked a guy yet?" I shook my head. "Ah, good, you can fuck me. I'll be your first. I love getting fucked. I love sucking. I love rimming..."

"Rimming? What's that?"

"Something to look forward to, apparently. Did I mention I love getting fucked?"

"Twice, now."

"Oh, and in case I didn't mention it, I love getting fucked, often, hard and often."

"I'm sensing a theme here..." I laughed. I turned my gaze back to the men below, "Who else on this ship is ready, willing and able?"

"Now that would be telling. I think it would be more fun to let you test your gaydar?"

"My what?" 

"It means can you pick out the right men to hit on?"

"Well, I'll guess I don't have any. I wouldn't have picked you. I don't think I would pick anyone on the ship, frankly."

"Why wouldn't you have picked me?"

I said, "well, you are not effeminate in anyway."

He chortled, "Captain, are you effeminate in anyway?" I started to take offence but then realized what he was saying and merely shook my head. "Of, course you aren't," he continued," effeminacy is not always 'the' sign. Most of the guys I hook up with are rough and tough macho men. That's who I prefer actually. And like you and me there are a lot of 'men's men' out there who are men's men, if you get what I mean?"

I pondered this for a few moments , then looked him in the eyes and grinned, "Good thing."

"So now what?"

I raised my voice, "You and I need to discuss that and I think there is no time like the present. Bring the Duty Rooster to my cabin and we'll start right away, Lieutenant."

"Aye, Aye, sir, right away." He saluted and hurried to the bridge.

I took another look at the romping men below me, waved to them, then moved off leisurely down to my cabin.

Withers was waiting outside the cabin, "As requested, sir, the duty rooster."

"Come in, Lieutenant, and we'll get started on that personnel issue." I opened the hatch and followed Withers in. There were two or three crewmen in the passageway and, hopefully, our little 'skit' fooled them. I secured the hatch, turned to Withers and pulled him to me, kissing him with some passion.

He returned my passion and started unbuttoning my uniform as our tongue wrestled. I followed suit wanting to rip the buttons off in my impatience. He was much more experienced than I in striping a man and he broke off the kiss to move down to my exposed chest. He began with quick pecks on my pecs followed by longer kisses of my nipples. I felt electricity jolting from the nipples to my cock.

"Wow, that's wild." I moaned.

"Like that, uh," he replied, "most guys don't know their nipples are sex organs until someone plays with them."

"My wife never got that reaction when she sucked them, Bowser, must be you."

"Thank you, sir," and he dove back to sucking and even nipping at my nipples. He drove me wild when he bite a little harder.

"God, Bowser, that feels great. Let me try." I pushed him back a bit and lunged enthusiastically at his chest. I licked his well-formed, hard pecs, savouring the sweaty, salty taste. My hands found and fondled his nipples. Hard little nubs stood out from his chest and I rolled them between my fingers. 

Withers moaned, as I had, and whispered, "Harder, sir, harder."

As a good navy man, I followed orders and squeezed his nips harder adding a twisting action instinctively. His moans increased and his knees buckled a tad. I shoved him back onto the bunk doing my best to not break the physical connection between us. I began to suckle on his nipples as my hands struggled to get him out of his uniform.

Even though I was enjoying my assault on his nipples, I wanted to taste the rest of him and move down to nuzzle his abdomen. I licked the grooves of his slightly hairy six-pack. The day's perspiration gave his skin a tangy taste and his smell, his musk, was intoxicating. I couldn't get enough of it. His belly button harboured a little pool of sweat. I plunged my tongue in to gather that pool. I actually giggled as I did so, "My first naval navel" kept running through my mind and it struck me funny.

Meanwhile, my hands worked open his belt and the fly on his pants. I tugged on them and Withers raised his ass so I could pull them off. He was wearing body hugging white jockey shorts. I left the navel and moved down to his jockeys. The clean white contrasted with his tanned body and I discovered another thing to love about men. I began to nuzzle on his jockeys, enjoying his cotton-covered crotch. And his cotton-covered cock.

I licked, kissed and nibbled his cock through his briefs. I guesstimated it to be about 6.5" about an inch shorter than mine. When I got to the head his briefs were wet with pre-cum. I suckled on it taking pleasure in the honey-like taste.

Bowser laid his hands on the back of my head, indicating his pleasure with gentle pressure. I continued my exploration of his cock while fighting to remove his pants and shoes. Once these were removed I spread Withers' legs further apart and gained greater access to his balls which were my next port of call. His balls were pushed together by his briefs making it easier to play with them with my mouth. Bowser's pressure on my head increased, as did his moans, which indicated I had struck yet another erogenous area on his gorgeous body. As I had with his cock I licked, nibbled, sucked and kissed his cotton-covered orbs.

Using my teeth I pulled Bowser's briefs down to his knees; I used my hands to remove them completely. Once the cotton barrier was gone I attacked his cock and balls in earnest. I sucked his cock into my mouth and sank down the shaft most of the way. And then back up. And down. And up. I could tell I was doing something correctly by the moans of my partner and his muttered 'Fuck yeah,' repeated every so often. My reward was more of his tasty pre-cum.

Every so often I would lick along the shaft and get down to his balls. These I licked and nibbled to get as much of his musky, tangy sweat taste as possible. On one of my explorations of his balls, I licked lower to the area behind the scrotum. From the squirms I had obviously hit another sensitive area so I explored more thoroughly. One attraction was more musky, tangy smell. I raised Withers' legs to expose his ass and asshole. Something compelled me to lick the area around his hole and then lick his hole. More moans and grunts of pleasure. I shoved my tongue into his hole – something I would never have considered 24 hours earlier. The taste was funky and tangy. 

"Oh, god, sir. Oh god!"

Again I was doing something right. Remembering that getting fucked was a favourite pastime of the lieutenant, I replaced my tongue with a finger. A shiver passed through Withers' body. Well if one finger got that response how about two. I shoved both fingers in and out and Withers' squirmed, moaned and pushed back on my invading digits.

"Oh, fuck me. Fuck me now, sir!"

I stood up, dropped my pants and skivvies to the deck, and, without ceremony, rammed all 7.5" up the lieutenant's ass. It felt great. His ass was nice and tight and was warm. So different from pussy. So much more fuckable. His ass squeezed every inch of my cock. He tightened and loosened his ass muscles as I pistoned in and out. 

I leaned forward, bending Withers in half so his knees met his ears, and kissed him. I reached around his legs and grabbed hold of his nipples. I twisted and tugged on the little nubs and was rewarded with ass muscles tightening. This was so exciting I could not hold on for long. "I'm going to cum," I announced and began to withdraw.

Withers' ass tightened even more, "No, sir, cum in me. Shoot in me, sir."

I plunged back in, stiffened and shot my load up his ass. Whatever I did felt good to him because he exploded. His cum shot over his head to hit the bulkhead and then along his face, his chest and abdomen. His gorgeous tanned body was streaked with white.

I could not resist and began eating the hot cum from his body, licking and kissing each streak and pool of cum. 

My softening cock slipped from his ass. I collapsed on the bunk next to him. He lowered his legs and rolled closer to me, hugging me, kissing me. "Are you sure that was your first time, sir? That was fantastic!"

"First time fucking a guy not my first time fucking. Instinct took over, I guess."

"Great instincts, sir!"

"Uh, Bowser, I just tasted your body, sucked your cock and fucked your ass, don't you think you could call me something other than 'sir'?"

He looked me in the eyes, smiled and shook his head, "I could, but I'm not going to. Knowing that my captain did all that to me. My captain had his cock in me adds to the excitement. Any guy can fuck me but they are not my captain, sir. Make sense?"

"I guess, Lieutenant Withers, " I joked.

"You know what made it even hotter, sir. You are still wearing your uniform, well for the most part. That is so hot. I am so turned on by guys in uniform."

"Gee, where will you find guys in uniform in the navy?" I laughed and he joined me.

"Hey, why do you think I applied for Annapolis?"

"You're kidding, right?"

He blushed, "Not entirely..."

Withers glanced over at my bedside clock and started up, "Holy crap, is that the time? We have a staff meeting at 0700. I haven't finished my report yet."

He started to climb out of the rack, I pulled him back, "Fuck, the report. What's the worst that could happen if its not done?"

He looked at me mischievously, "What do you mean, Mr Withers, your report is not finished? Explain yourself." I admit it was a pretty good imitation of me, then back in his own voice he answered his pseudo-me, "Well, sir, I didn't have time because you were ramming your big fat cock up my ass, sir, making me shoot cum all over the place, sir."

We both roared with laughter. He climbed out and began to dress. I sat on the edge of the rack, grabbed his waist and pulled him to me. I bit his ass cheek playfully. He spun around and waved his cock in my face. I began sucking on it again.

"Suggestion, sir."

"What?"

"You may want to wipe that cum off the bulkhead before someone comes in to clean."

I turned my head to see what he meant, which allowed him to pull on his skivvies, and pull on his pants. 

"Alright, you win." I stood and kissed him on the lips, "until next time. We'll see if you can mark my wall again."

"Good night, sir, and thank you, sir," he let himself out of the cabin.

I striped off the rest of my uniform and got into bed. What Withers had said earlier about a good orgasm being a good sleep aid proved correct as I fell asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow. I dreamed the night away with visions of naked sailors and officers...