 The three of us lay in a post-coital haze: gently caressing each other, occasionally kissing the skin of another, enjoying the calm that follows the exhilaration of orgasm.

Finally, pleading early duty each of them got up, dressed and left my cabin. I took a shower then climbed into bed instantly falling asleep. 

The following morning followed the pattern of the day before. I set off on a patrol, seeking out places where I was likely to encounter men in minimal dress. There were fewer opportunities today then yesterday until I reached the sleeping quarters. Petty Officer Rowlands was out of his bunk, naked, and he smiled at my entrance. He wished me good morning as he groped his cock and actually played with it as I returned his greeting. 

Spike got his cock fully erect, and then motioned with his head for me to follow him. I could not resist. He led me into a linen storage area behind the bunks. It contained shelves of sheets and towels. He closed the hatch behind me.

"Now, Captain, let me see what I felt yesterday. I want to suck you." He dropped to his knees and unbuttoned my fly before I could say a word. Once my cock was free he plunged down on it, fully engulfing it, sighing as he did so. Spike was a skilled cocksucker, using his tongue to heighten my pleasure. 

"Oh, yeah, Rowlands, I am going to cum," I whispered as I held his head close to my body.

He looked up at me and nodded. He increased his sucking and his tongue action on my cock head. Someone in the sleeping area coughed. I started to withdraw but Spike would not let me. He grabbed my pant-covered ass and pulled me into his mouth.

There was something titillating about the possibility of getting caught -- even though I could lose my career and marriage if we were caught -- I thrust forward all the way pushing Spike back a bit as I did so. He picked up on my excitement and redoubled his efforts to get my cum. I pulled back until jus the head remained and shot my load into his eager mouth. Spike caught every drop and continued to suck in an effort to get every bit of cum I had. 

When my cock became too sensitive, I pulled away. He tried to follow so I actually had to hold him off. I pulled him upright using his hairy armpits. His wonderfully hairy lower body beckoned and I dove down on his cock. He was not expecting that and gasped as I engulfed his cock. With only two days practice as a cocksucker I was still able to get all 6.5" into my mouth so that my nose brushed against his pubic hair. I inhaled deeply loving his unwashed scent. I played with his balls and explored his firm, well-muscled, hairy legs. His rock hard ass, also coated with a generous layer of hair got its fair share of attention, too. 

Eventually my wandering hands ran along the crack of his ass to his hidden pucker. I brushed against it lightly. He moaned and pushed back looking for my hand. I indulged him by placing a single finger against his hole. He pushed back impaling himself on my digit.

"Finger me, Captain. Finger me hard."

Well, a captain had to do what he could to make his crew happy. I thrust my finger in as far as it would go, actually lifting Rowlands up onto the balls of his feet. He growled. I pulled back until only the tip of my finger remained and added two more fingers. I rammed them in. Again he rose up onto his toes. And, again, pushed back. 

"Fuck, Captain, I'm cumming."

I was rewarded with a mouthful of hot, salty cum. I rapidly pistoned my fingers in and out rapidly. Another growl and another shot of cum. His second orgasm weakened his legs and he sank down until his ass rested on his heels, still impaled on my digits. 

I tried to pull out of his ass but he grabbed my hand and held it in place. "Jesus, sir, I haven't cum like that for a long time. When I lend you my book, you have got to fuck me, sir. Finger me and fuck me 'til the cows come home."

I smiled at him, "Enjoyed that did you? A bit of an ass man, are you?" He squeezed my fingers with his ass in acknowledgement. "I am going to need my hand back so I can go to work..."

He raised himself from the squatting position releasing my fingers. He turned a grabbed a towel from the stack behind him and carefully, even lovingly, cleaned my hand.

"Thanks," I said, "Now is it safe to leave?"

Spike carefully opened the hatch and peered out. He then stepped out and beckoned for me to follow. I straightened my uniform, ensured my fly was done up and followed the naked crewman into the sleeping room. One or two of the crewmen noticed me appearing out of nowhere but merely greeted me as I departed. 

I made my way to the wardroom in time for the staff meeting. Withers pulled me aside immediately, "Sir, you may want to visit the head. You have a whiff of ass about you." I retreated immediately to clean off more carefully. 

Once back at the meeting, we received the good news that Engineering was ready to put their jerry-rig into action. The announcement was met with applause around the table. We wrapped up other business quickly and I followed the chief engineer down into the bowels of the ship. Hemperer proudly flipped the switch. There was a pause. And the system kicked into action. In minutes cool air was flowing through the ship. 

Back in the bridge I announced the obvious, that the air conditioning was working, thanked the engineering crew for their efforts and ordered everyone back to duty uniforms as usual. 

The day's work proceeded as usual without the titillation of semi-naked crew running around. I found myself a little let down by that but had the memories of last night and this morning to give a lift to my spirits and my cock.

At 1600, Chief Warrant Officer Jennings appeared quietly at the entrance to the bridge. "Captain, may I have a word, sir?"

"In my day cabin, or office if you prefer," we settled around the small table. I waited for him to start. 

"Captain, about what we were talking about yesterday at lunch..." he began hesitantly. I nodded acknowledgement. Another pause, and then he launched into a venting of his problems and issues relating to his wife's death.

After twenty minutes or so he began to run out of energy. "So, Steven, ... Rambo, how has all this been affecting you day to day?"

"Well, Captain, ... I have been angry of late."

"And how have you been dealing with that anger?"

He blushed, a 49 year old hardened navy man actually blushed. "When we were in port, I, uh, I visited a whore... uh prostitute." He paused as though expecting a reproach which I did not give, "She, uh, allowed, well, I paid extra... she allowed me to be rough with her."

"Rough?"

"Well, we sorta played, role played that I was raping her."

"And that helped?"

"Yeah, it did. I always felt more... relaxed afterward."

"How often did you meet with her?"

"Every couple of days."

"Wow, and now that you have been away from her? How have you been coping?"

Jennings paused studying me intently as though to gauge how I might react to what he was about to say. "With the crew running around with next to nothing on... well, I have wanted to grab one of them and rape him." 

"Any particular someone?" I asked.

"No, just anyone near by."

"Gotcha. Now we both realize I cannot allow that to happen." He nodded agreement. "So we will have to find another way for you to vent your feelings."

"You mean like counselling or something...?"

"Counselling might work but we don't have a counsellor on board and I don't feel qualified to help in this area." I pondered an idea and asked myself if I wanted to do it. 

I took a decision and stood, "Jennings, to help you through this, this is what I am prepared to do." I positioned myself next to him, dropped my pants and briefs, "Rape me." I ordered.

"What... Captain, I ... what ..."

"Do it, Jennings, drop your pants and drive your cock into me, now. That is an order." I hoped I sounded more confident than I felt.

Rambo rose, fumbling with his belt. His pants dropped and he stood with a jockstrap between me and his cock. I grabbed the pouch of his jock and squeezed a couple of times. "Do it. Now!"

I faced ahead and could hear him spit on his cock. I realized I had not thought this through -- I forgot about the issue of lubrication. But suddenly...

Rambo thrust forward with all his might. I was immediately impaled on 6" of hard cock. The pain was excruciating. I had to bite on my arm to keep from screaming aloud. I had never felt such pain. Tears filled my eyes and fell down my cheeks.

Rambo was ramming his cock into my not-so-virgin ass with great gusto. He pulled back until just the head remained and then plunged forward until I could feel his balls hit mine. He quickly got into a rhythm. I quickly regretted this crazy idea.

But then, suddenly his cock head hit something -- my prostate apparently -- and the pain began to mingle with a pleasure. My cock hardened. The burning sensation in my ass turned to a warm 'glow'. I could now appreciate why Withers and Rowlands enjoyed ass play so much.

Rambo grunted and groaned as he leaned over my back. I could feel his sweat drop onto my neck. "Take it like the bitch you are," he growled. "You dirty whore, you like it rough, don't you? Yeah, breed you like a two-bit slut. ... Going to fucking cum, bitch!" With that he rammed in as deeply as he could.

I could feel him shoot his load deep in my ass. I could feel my own cock, squashed between the table and my abdomen, spasm and erupt, blasting cum between them.

The two of us stayed in position, panting, gasping for air, for a few moments before, Jennings withdrew his softening cock. He started to apologize for his language. 

I stopped him, "You are not finished, sailor." He made some confused sounds. "There's cum dripping down my legs, sailor. Clean it up." He looked around for something. "Use your mouth, sailor." I looked over my shoulder and was amused by his look. "I gave you my ass, Jennings, you can use your mouth to clean up your mess. Do it!"

He dropped to his knees and began to lick and slurp at the cum leaking from my ass. When he reached my asshole he licked and sucked, reluctantly at first but with growing enthusiasm. 

I was enjoying the soothing sensation of his tongue on my battered hole, when he stood up and, without warning, drove his cock back up my hole. It was far less painful this time. In fact, it was very pleasant. His rage had dissipated after the first fuck and now he was expressing lust and even desire.

This fuck was less frenzied and lasted about ten minutes until he unloaded again. He slowly pulled out of me, his head exiting with a plop. 

I slowly straightened and turned, not easy with my pants around my ankles. I saw for the first time his cock. It was about 6" but the head was like a large mushroom, a good two inches larger than his shaft. No wonder it had hurt the first time in.

"There is still a mess to clean up here, sailor." I pointed to my abdomen covered with cum. He hesitated for a moment before pushing his mouth and tongue into action. Once he finished he started to rise, "Hold it, mister," I pointed at my cock, not finished yet. 

"But, I don't..."

"Well, I don't get fucked but I did. You suck cock now..."

He leaned forward and took my cock into his mouth. He wasn't as practiced as Andrew, Spike or Bowser but he made an effort and it was enjoyable. 

Despite cumming just brief time ago, I felt another orgasm approaching, "I'm cumming, " I warned.

Instead of pulling off, Jennings held my cock head in his mouth and jerked my shaft with his hand. When I came he swallowed it all. 

Once my heartbeat was back to normal, I asked, "How are you feeling now?"

"Great, sir, much more relaxed."

"Okay, then, whenever you feel the urge to rape someone you come to me and we will talk about it. Fair enough?"

"Yes, sir, thank you, sir."

"Okay, go get some supper before the mess closes."

He straightened his clothes and left the cabin. I did likewise, marvelling at what had just happened. I had given up my ass virginity to a rather rough assault and had promised a willingness to do more in the future. I chuckled at how wanton I had become. Jennings called me a slut in the midst of his attack. He was so right.

I gained the bridge, checked in with the duty officer and was leaving when an acrid smell permeated the bridge followed but a loud grinding noise. Apparently the jerry-rig had not lasted a full day.

*

Some readers have identified they have read this series before. It has been posted on another story site but I thought readers on Literotica would enjoy it. 