 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

The whole family had gone off camping. I was just tagging along, more of an extended member than part of the immediate circle, but they were kind to invite me. We never did much at the campground, just simple things like cookouts, campfires, and outdoor games. I was the black sheep of the family, the gay twenty something who didn't really relate to much of what they enjoyed doing, but it was still sweet that they invited me at least once every summer. 

Of course, I usually only said yes to spend a nice warm day staring at my super taboo crush, my cousin-in-law Matt. I know I'm not supposed to look at him like that since he is technically family, but I can't help my biological cravings for him. He's a firefighter and super jacked, but not in a gross body builder way. He has a slim athleticism to his overall body shape with super meaty arms that bulge out from any shirt he wears. He is super sweet and charming, always giving me such a warm energy when we are together. But obviously, he is super straight and super married so I usually keep my distance. 

I pulled my car onto the gravel pit next to my family's RV and turned off the engine. I stared at the serene landscape of blooming trees and bright blue sky for a moment. As I looked outward, someone appeared from the door of the RV. Matt. He was wearing one of those tight tank tops that drove me wild because his beautiful arms were in full exposure as they radiated in the sun. He plopped down a cooler he had been carrying and faced the direction of my car, not yet looking toward me. Slowly, he lifted his hands up to his forehead to wipe the sweat that had accumulated. At that moment, I was given a full view of his underarm hair that sprouted from both of his armpits. It was thick and bushy, a particular fetish of mine. I could not help but stare. He then looked at me; I was cut off guard by his charming smile and piercing blue eyes. He began to approach my car. Cautiously, I exited the car and tried my best to conceal the massive boner that had grown in my shorts.

"Hey there! How you doin, bud?" he asked as he grabbed my hand firmly and pulled me in for a stereotypical man hug. I strategically avoided grabbing any relatively sexual part of his body, settling on a very flat part of his back.

"I'm good, thanks. Having fun so far?"

"Yeah, it's nice to catch a weekend off here and there, even if it is hotter than hell outside. Come on over and say hi to the family! They're dying to see you."

The day went on like any other, catching up with the family and playing a game of cards along with a good meal. I was on my best behavior around Matt, since he was with my cousin most of the day and they were doing their married thing. It was about six o'clock when I announced I should probably get going. My family begged I stay for the night, insisting there was room in the RV. My cousin had no choice, but to leave since she had work early the next morning. Matt, however, would be staying the night, enjoying his peace and relaxation away from the home. They kissed goodbye and that was that. I agreed to stay. We played a few more games before people started to get tired and hit the sack. We had lit a campfire, so I figured I'd stay out a bit longer, maybe read or something. It was a great night.

I was focusing on the curvature of the flames when I heard the RV door spring open and shut again. I turned to see Matt walking toward me, grinning as he held a bundle of marshmallows, graham crackers, and chocolate.

I laughed as he approached. "I thought you had gone to sleep with all the old folks!"

"Hey, I'm only thirty" he giggled as he sat next to me by the fire. He had sat rather close, but since he initiated it, I didn't feel compelled to move. The sides of our legs were touching, the texture of his leg hair tickling my skin and sending a shock of electricity up my spine. He prepared a stick to roast marshmallows for himself and I, handing me one once it was ready.

"What a gentlemen." I said, accidentally allowing a flirtatious tone to pass my lips. He just smirked as he stared at his marshmallow slowly roasting in the flame. When it appeared to be just on the verge of melting, he removed it from the fire to bring it to his mouth. As it approached, the melted core slipped from the stick and landed on his tank top. "Ah shit, I knew that would happen." He laughed while shaking his head. I expected him to wipe it off with a napkin and move on. Instead, he stood and began to peel the tank top off of his body. For a moment, the tank top completely covered his face and I was able to stare in all my glory at his bare chest that was sculpted to perfection. Big beefy pecs sprouting smooth, round nipples and a set of abs that weren't obnoxiously toned and muscular, but smooth and bulky. His entire chest was covered in a layer of scruff that turned me on even more. By the time he had removed the top completely, I was already looking back at the fire. 

I continued to make my s'more to further the idea that I wasn't obsessing over the shirtless adonis next to me even though it couldn't be farther from the truth. I took a hearty bite of the sweet treat and looked out into the dark woods.

"Is it good?"

"Oh yeah. You gonna make another one?"

"Nah, that took to much effort and the failure of my marshmallow still stings." He laughed out into the air and then looked back at me. "Can I have a bite of yours...you know, if your cool with that?"

"Yeah, of course!" I handed him the s'more, expecting him to grab it and take a bite from the opposite end I had not touched. Instead, he didn't grab it at all but took hold of my hand and bit the treat while I held it, nuzzling his jaw into the direct spot I had bitten. I was rock hard as I stared intently at his tongue wiggle in between the depths of the gooey crevices. He took his bite and smiled as he sat back and chewed loudly. I could not wait any longer, taking another bite of it, intently focusing on the remnants of his own saliva without making it too obvious. "So good." I said.

When we were done, I figured it was time for us to go to sleep. As I was about to announce my departure to the RV, Matt stood and began talking. "I know it's getting late, but what do you say we shoot some hoops over at the basketball court for a bit? No one wants to do it anymore."

Staring at his glistening chest reflecting the orange flames of the fire, I agreed and grabbed a ball before heading over with him. The court was still lit with white fluorescent beams. It was past ten now and we were the only ones awake. He started dribbling and I began to chase him, focusing all my efforts on the ball and trying not to be distracted by the fact that he was still without a shirt. Time and time again, he dunked the ball as I exhaustedly tried to grab it from him. Eventually, we grew tired and forcefully threw our bodies against the chain link face, allowing the ball to drop and roll across the court. He laughed forcefully, allowing the excess oxygen in his system to escape in deep, steady breaths. I glanced over at him, leaning against the fence. He was completely soaked in sweat, his pecs glistening under the fluorescent light, swelling up and down with his deep breaths. All the excess movement and sweat had wiggled his shorts slightly downward, exposing a glimpse of pubic hair, bushy and full. There was also a clear impression of his dick outlined in his shorts. It wasn't hard, but was more solid than a flacid cock. It was thick enough for me to tell the size was far beyond what I would have even imagined in my fantasies.

Without warning, he turned his head and smiled directly at me. I could feel my face blush, for I felt caught in the act of admiring his form. He didn't seem to notice and started to talk. "Why don't we go sit in the shade for a bit. Just to get out of this light, it's making me sweat even more."

We left the court and plopped ourselves in a shaded patch of grass a short walk away from our RV. I could still see the beauty of his body from the sparkle of the moonlight above us. He pushed himself over just enough that our legs were touching once more. "You know, I don't mind that you look at me. I've been catching your stares all night. How you try to hide them. I think its cute."

I nearly creamed my shorts right then and there. A super hot "straight" guy that I had been lusting after for years was telling me I was cute. He was off limits though. I was so conflicted that I just said nothing.

"You're a really good looking guy you know." He inched closer and allowed his hand to drape itself over my cock, now insanely hard and pulsing. I looked into his eyes, now lost in the energy swimming from him to me through the physical contact he had initiated. He stared for a moment, and then he moved in and kissed me on the lips, swirling his tongue into my mouth and caressing my cheek with his large hands. I lost count of how long we kissed before he removed himself from lips and asked me to suck his cock. I began to kiss his neck and chest, taking a detour to his armpits, smudging my mouth and nose into his thick furry patches of hair, allowing his scent to fuel me, my cock throbbing and beginning to drip precum. I made my way back to his chest, tracing the edge of his nipples with my tongue before embracing the entire thing and sucking on it as if waiting for milk to splash between my lips. It was satisfying to hear him moan out loud as I sucked. I finally made my way to his pants and pulled them down to his ankles.

Presented in front of me was a beautiful cock, just the right length and sculpted to perfection. His head was thick and mushroom shaped, and the shaft was veiny with immense girth. I moved my lips to the base of his shaft, exploring the hairy mound beneath. His testicles were plump and large as I engulfed one in my mouth and sucked desperately. I then returned my tongue to his shaft, a small trail of precum already dripping thanks to my dedication to all his sensitive areas. I licked the shaft from the bottom to the tip in one slow motion, sending a shudder down his spine. I then engulfed the head in my mouth and sucked vigorously for several minutes.

"Oh, fuck. I'm gonna cum right in your goddamn mouth." he squealed. I continued sucking, emphasizing my tongue movements just beneath his throbbing head. It was only a few more moments before a surge of hot and savory liquid shot down my throat, his moan so loud that I shoved my fingers into his mouth so that no one would wake up. I continued sucking as the cum stopped, licking every crevice to make sure none was missed. I looked up at him. He was sucking on my finger, pulling them out of his mouth and kissing them, clearly pleased with my service. "Come here you sexy fuck."

I lifted my body and wrapped my legs around his waist, once more kissing him intently for several minutes. Eventually I tossed myself backward, leaning into his chest. I cuddled up next to him, my right arm behind his back and my left hand caressing the beautiful muscles of his chest, tickling the tips of his nipples to see him throw his head back in pleasure. He looked at me with a smile. "I've never been so fucking pleasured before. You are more than welcome to use my body in whatever way you please. I am yours." 

We made out again, and then I insisted that we go to bed, in separate beds, despite how difficult it was to not be next to him. He grabbed my hand and we walked back to the RV, where he then left me to enter while he put the campfire out. I stared at his sculpted body from the window of the RV, touching myself as he disappeared with the dying glow of the fire. I knew that would not be the last time we touched.