 We were still being battered by the storm well past the supper hour. Everyone was doing his best to cope with the turmoil caused by the constant motion of the ship. I heard reports from the corpsmen of men being tossed from their bunks because they failed to secure themselves sufficiently. So far no serious injuries of any sort.

As I retired to my night cabin I made a point of seeking out Seaman Apprentice Andrew Baskins asking him to come by the cabin. He agreed with alacrity. I gave him a specific time.

At that specific time I was on my personal computer in an instant message chat with my wife. When Baskins knocked, I opened the door quietly, motioned him in indicating he needed to be quiet. I had already stripped down to my jockstrap. I indicated by signs he should undress as well. He smiled happily at that request. I returned to my computer to continue my chat.

I indicated Andrew should get between my legs and begin playing. He did so. Once or twice he had happy noises as he played with my cock and balls with his hands and mouth. I admonished him to be quiet.

Finally, he pulled back, looked at me, and whispered, "Why do we have to be so quiet, sir?"

"I'm chatting with my wife." I whispered back in explanation.

He nodded understanding and then asked, "Do you have a microphone or camera on your computer, sir?"

"No. We are using instant messaging." I whispered.

He sat on his haunches, "Sir, if there is no way she can see or hear us, why do we have to be quiet?"

I looked at the cute blond eighteen year old kneeling between my legs, "Damn, if I know!" I pulled him up and kissed him lustfully, kneading his little ass as I did so. "Feeling a little guilty, I guess. Chatting with her while you suck my cock."

He sat on my lap, grinding his naked ass onto my groin, rubbing his little 5" cock into my abdomen, "I can stop until you're finished, sir."

"Don't you dare! Now get down there and make some semen, seaman. That is an order!" 

He kissed me and slid his ass down my legs to the floor where he went back to playing. I chuckled at something and Andrew asked, "What's funny?"

"She is saying something about sucking my cock."

"Do old married people do that sort of thing? Disgusting," he mocked.

"Get back to work there."

"Are your messages about sex, sir?" He asked, when I nodded, "Read them to me as I suck you, sir. That would be so hot."

The cheek of the little monkey, I thought, but then I realized he was right. It would be hot. I scrolled back to earlier in the sequence to where the sex talk began. As I read, Andrew would try to match his actions to what I was reading. If she said she wanted to nibble my skin, he would nibble at my skin. When she said she wanted to taste the sweat from my pits [a favourite thing of hers] Andrew raised himself up and licked my pits. It was as if my wife was in the room only better.

Better because I had decided the men with whom I was playing around were so much hotter than any woman I had ever been with -- including my wife, however much I loved her. I liked the feel of strong muscular bodies, of body hair, of cocks and males asses, male hands touching me. I liked the smell of male musk and of cum. I loved the taste of cum. I loved the aromas of men. I loved every aspect of what was happening in my life right now.

I managed to finish the session with my wife in time to grab Andrew, throw him against the bulkhead and ram my cock into him full force. He let out a scream, a masculine scream, before I clamped a hand over his mouth to stifle further outbursts and I plunged in and out of his lovely little ass. 

I could not believe I was being this rough with him but rough was part of what I liked to do with men. 

I ravaged young Andrew, unmercifully pummelling his ass, until I blasted my load into him. As I came off my climax high, I pulled Andrew to the bunk and lay beside him on it, "Are you alright, lad? Sorry, I hadn't planned to do that."

He looked at me with a strange expression, "Hadn't planned on fucking me? That's too bad."

"Hadn't planned on being so rough."

"Rough? That wasn't rough, sir. It was unexpected and you went in dry; that surprised me, but it wasn't rough, sir. If you like it rough, sir, just let me know and I get take it rough."

"What are you saying, Andrew?"

"Sir, what you don't know is that yours is not the first cock I've sucked..."

"I gathered that." 

"... I have had plenty of experience. And a lot of it with older men, some of who liked doing me hard." I looked puzzled. "Sir, I lived on the streets since I was 13 and I lived by being a hustler. Selling my body for money, food or shelter."

"I'm sorry, I didn't know."

"Of course not, sir. I couldn't tell the recruiters I was a gay hustler wanting to join the navy. I convinced one of my johns to help me, he said he was my step-father and that he gave permission for me to join up before I was 18. That, with the school reports from my teachers, was all I needed..."

"Your teachers?"

"Oh, yes, sir, I finished high school when I was 17 and a half," he answered proudly, "I told myself I was not going to stay on the streets so I went to school every day, well almost every day, and studied where and when I could."

"That is very impressive, Andrew. I am proud of you."

"Really? Thank you, sir, that means a lot," he beamed at me in the same way my own kids did when I praised them, he continued more soberly, "Anyway, some of the guys I went with treated me like... well, like shit...even to the point of raping me."

"My God, Andrew," I pulled him in closer, "and I just did that to you, I'm so sorry."

He kissed me and responded, "No need to apologize, sir. I know you would never hurt me... well, you know, hurt me in a mean way... you know what I mean." He met my eye and winked, "I trust you, sir. That's why I decided to come out to you the other day. I knew from the way you treated the crew you were trustworthy."

I felt overwhelmed, "Thank you, Andrew. I hope I always live up to your trust, son." His eyes filled with tears. "What's wrong? What did I say?" I asked with concern.

He sniffed and wiped at the tears, "You called me 'son'. No one's done that in a very long time. I like it."

I drew him in even closer, cuddling him. I felt very protective of the young boy in my arms. Andrew snuggled against me, sighing contentedly. It felt so right. 

After a time, Andrew stirred, getting from the bunk. "Gotta go or I'll have some explaining to do." 

I nodded, leaned in and nipped his cute little ass, "Just a little reminder."

"Good night, sir," he kissed me and let himself out of the cabin. 

I lay there pondering where things were going now. With most of the men I had encountered on the cruise so far, it was sex. With Andrew, it was a bit more than that. Was I ready to handle 'a bit more'? 

Eventually I drifted off to sleep being aware the ship was no longer tossing as violently as before. Perhaps we were leaving the storm behind.

The following day was indeed calmer. Although it still rained, the winds had died a tad and the sea was in less turmoil.

On the bridge Chief Engineer Hemperer and two other men approached me. I steeled myself for bad news about the engines. "Captain, could you tell us when we'll cross the equator, sir?"

"The equator?" I glanced at the navigational charts and the global positioning device above them, "Looks like day after tomorrow. Why?"

Hemperer gave me a pitying look, "We'll be Crossing the Line, sir."

"Of course, completely slipped my mind. What with the storm and all."

"Mine, too, sir. But Pustonovich here reminded me this morning. There are five pollywogs on board, sir."

"Only five? Who are they?"

Hemperer consulted a list, "Lieutenant Mark Russell, Petty Officer Second Class Stan Kubrick, Seaman Mark Zuckerman, Seaman Apprentice Andrew Baskins and Marine Corporal Henry Rhys."

"One of our marine guests, huh?" We were transporting 6 marines to Australia to take up their roles as embassy guards in Canberra. "Let me consult with Captain Tiessen regarding his man's participation. Other than that I give you permission to start your preparations for the ceremony, Your Majesty." I gave a mock bow to Hemperer who as oldest non-com aboard would fulfil the role of King Neptune with his companions Pustonovich as Davy Jones and the silent Gustavson as Her Highness Amphitrite.

The Crossing the Line ceremony was an old, if not ancient one, in which those crossing the equator for the first time were initiated. The ceremony could not come at a better time. It was always a great morale booster and the crew could certainly use some laughs.