 "Well, I see I have two willing partners for my little romp," I declared. "But, since you both like to bottom, we need a fourth. Any suggestions?"

Both smirked and furrowed their foreheads in thought. 

Out of Uniform 10

We made our way to my cabin with my two companions debating the possibilities of a fourth. No decision had been made by the time we arrived but I got a good many ideas about who on board I might approach for future encounters.

I ordered both men to strip, enjoying the spectacle as they did so. These two hunks, one very hairy and one relatively smooth, were mine to play with, mine to command. I told them to undress me and to suck my cock once free of my clothes. It was a very sensual disrobing. Various parts of my body were licked and kissed, nibbled and chewed during the process, including parts of my anatomy I never considered as erogenous areas, by the time they reached my cock I was ready to blow my load. 

"Stop. I'm too close."

Ben Zvi grinned up at me, "No problem, Captain," he said to me and then turned to Tiessen, "Captain, you suck on his cock, I'll take care of the Captain's problem." Tiessen nodded his understanding and dove onto my cock licking up the pre-cum with enthusiasm.

I moved to stop the marine's actions when the navy man encircled the base of my cock with his fingers and gently squeezed. He held on firmly. The urge to cum slowly subsided despite the pleasure of Tiessen's oral attentions.

Without speaking, they managed to coordinate bringing me to the edge of cumming but not allowing me to cum. This combination was driving me crazy. "I gotta cum. Let me cum," I begged but they continued to bring me to the edge and back me off. Another twenty minutes and I was ready to jump out of my skin. "Alright, one of you or both of you sit on my cock now, I gotta cum now." 

They laughed at the idea both could sit on my cock at once. Instead they each took a side of cock and sucked, licked and nibbled up and down my shaft. When I announced I was cumming, two mouths were positioned at the head and when I finally blew my load they shared the reward.

I lay on the bunk marvelling in the intensity of the orgasm I had just experienced; convinced I was done for the night. My companions had other ideas and I felt them working on my cock, my balls, even my asshole in an effort to arouse me. It worked.

"Now for the fucking," declared the marine, "You have two horny bottoms who want your cock, Captain. Bad for morale if you fail us." He arranged himself at the edge of the bunk, ass ready for plowing. Ben Zvi settled himself in tight proximity, ass also at the ready.

I stood behind them admiring the sight. To decide I used a tried and true scientific method of decision making, "Eeny, meeny, miny moe," I chanted ending with a quick, hard shove into ben Zvi's waiting ass. He moaned in pleasure, leaned over and kissed Tiessen.

Ten hard strokes and I withdrew and plunged rapidly into marine ass. Tiessen growled, arched his back and shoved himself onto my cock, "Fuck, yeah, cock, love cock in my ass, sir."

I developed a rhythm. Fucking one then the other, savouring the different feel of their asses and then moving on again. "God, I wish I had a two-pronged prong so I could do you at the same time. So hot!"

"David," Tiessen said to ben Zvi, "Lay on top of me. Back to back." His fellow bottom clambered on top. "Lift your legs. ... Now. Captain, a double ass for your pleasure."

Sure enough their assholes were only a few inches apart. I didn't have to shift place as before now I just had to stand or squat a bit and ram my cock into which ever hole was there.

I was having the time of my life. I stopped momentarily and took hold of their balls pulling them together and playing with them. I had a devious thought and gave it a try. I slowly placed each man's balls at the entrance to his own ass and applied pressure. In essence I wanted to fuck them with their own balls. Because I had opened them with my cock the holes were loose enough to accept the balls. Both men moaned, groaned and grunted. Satisfied with my efforts I then stood and gently slid my cock into ben Zvi's hairy ass. 

"Arrghh! Oh, fuck, oh man. Fuck."

Tiessen demanded, "What? What's happening?"

His navy companion replied, "He shoved my balls up my ass and now his cock is fucking them into me."

"Me, Captain, do me too," Tiessen pleaded. So I did, sliding into his hot, ball-stuffed hole. "Jesus H. Christ, that is so hot, Captain. Fuck my balls! That hurts so good."

I switched back to ben Zvi's ass and began to alternate again. Only a few strokes of my cock generated an orgasm for Tiessen. His balls slid out of his hole as they drew closer to the base of his cock. Ben Zvi had the same reaction as his body reacted to his coming orgasm. 

I pushed David off Michael and flung my body between theirs, "Suck me off! Do it!" and they did. It took only a few swipes of their mouths for me to blow another load. Once again they shared the reward between them.

When we had regained some composure, the marine asked, "Where the hell did you learn that ball thing, Captain?"

"Just sort of came to me," I responded truthfully, "when I saw your balls hanging there."

"That was so hot. I'm going to make that part of fucking my men. Make them take it like marines. 'Are you made enough to have your balls fucked into you?' Thanks, Captain."

I laughed, "You're welcome. I want to be there as your men shove their balls into their asses. And to watch as they fuck each other that way."

"Me too," piped in ben Zvi, "I want to watch the marines prove they can take the pain like men."

"It hurt that much?" I asked with concern.

Both responded together, "Damn straight it hurt." "Fuck yeah. But the pain made it hotter."

I accessed their tender balls and gave then a good, sharp yank. "Yet another piece of information to keep in mind when I fuck you guys in future. Ball play."

"I can't speak for my fiend here but CBT always works for me, sir," said Tiessen.

"CBT?"

"Cock and ball torture, sir. I really get off on it."

"Really? Hard core?" asked David. Tiessen looked at him and nodded. "You and I need to talk," David ended.

"And, you get off on hard nipple play, right, David?" I injected. Ben Zvi's turn to nod. 

"Interesting," was Tiessen's reply.

"Alright, gentlemen, I need my beauty rest so hop it."

"Aye, aye, sir," they snapped to attention and gave their best salutes. Quite the sight as they were still naked. 

I was almost tempted to order them to return to their cabins naked but resisted reluctantly. I gave each a hard swat on their bare asses as they dressed. "Thanks, this was great. Another time, perhaps."

They each indicated their agreement and departed.

I slept the sound sleep of the sexually satisfied. I was roused by the quiet opening of the hatch and a whispered 'Captain?' from Rowlands. Before I responded I heard the rustle of clothing being dropped. 

Rowlands stood next to my bunk and again whispered, a little more insistently, "Captain?"

I opened my eyes and took in his cotton brief clad body, the white stark in the gloom of the room, "Yes, Yeoman."

"Captain, good morning, its 0600, sir."

"Thank you, Rowlands. Why did you take your uniform off to wake me up?"

"You indicated you liked seeing me in my briefs, so I thought, well, why not, sir. Is that okay, sir?"

I ran my hand up his bare leg gently cupping his cotton-covered crotch, "Perfectly okay, Spike. I appreciate the thought ... and the sight. Nice way to start the day."

He pushed my hand tightly into his crotch, "You have a 0700 meeting in the wardroom, sir, and you wanted to stop by Engineering beforehand."

"Thank you, Yeoman," flinging the bedcoverings off my naked body, "Let's get to it."

He started to pull off his briefs, "Yes. Sir..."

"No, Spike, I meant let's get to the workday," I chuckled. "not...

He chuckled with me, "Oh, good, sir. I'm still a little sore from the work out Warrant Officer Jennings gave me last night."

"He isn't going too far, is he?"

"Oh, no, sir, Last night he was frustrated because of the air conditioning thing and needed to vent that. Just a little more, uh... enthusiastic than usual, sir. I can handle it, sir."

"Good, I wouldn't want you to get hurt. Well, any more than usual." He nodded and smiled his thanks then turned to getting my uniform from the closet. 

My stop at Engineering was less than inspiring. There was nothing to report on the air conditioning, everything else was running smoothly.

Tiessen and ben Zvi were sharing a table when I stopped by the mess to grab some sustenance before the meeting. They were both in very good spirits and greeted me with thumbs up and cheery 'good mornings'.

The morning meeting ran smoothly and quickly. On the bridge, Lieutenant Withers and I conferred on navigation. Over night we had passed into the Arafura Sea. Our next port of call would be Darwin where we would connect with the rest of the task force and with the elements of the Australian, New Zealand and Indian navies with which we would be holding manoeuvres. After we got that damn air conditioner fixed, of course.

Since it was likely we would play host to personnel of the other navies we needed to get everything 'ship shape and Bristol fashion' as it were. The first step of that would be getting the men back into proper clothing.

Withers whispered, "That's a damn shame. Perhaps the personnel from other navies would appreciate our semi-clothed sailors. I know I have."

"Good order be damned. Order the crew to strip and present for inspection. Front and rear!" I whispered back. We could not help but let out hearty laughs at the bawdy humour. The bridge crew looked at us. "See to it, Lieutenant," I projected for all to hear. 

Orders, proper orders, were given and slowly the ship began to regain a navy-like appearance. My mid-morning patrol was satisfactorily concluded, although I confess I missed the sight of men in skivvies or less. 

We planned our arrival in Darwin for 0900 the following morning. That night I took no companion, or companions, to my cabin.