 Marine Captain Tiessen and I made our way up to the deck above the fantail to have an overview of the Crossing the Line activities below. During our interlude in my cabin, the weather had worsened with rainsqualls and rolling waves. King Neptune's court and the marines had enforced my rules about everyone being tethered safely to the ship when on deck. They had rigged a rope running fore and aft to which the Pollywogs were attached; this gave them the ability to move around but kept them safe.

The five Pollywogs were dressed in dungarees and/or overalls, backwards of course, with skivvies over these. Neptune's court was dressed in the traditional outfits of long wigs, bras and panties over their shorts. Neptune had a small trident with which to prod any reluctant Pollywog.

Everyone on deck was sopping wet when Tiessen and I arrived, the result of rain and the occasional wave, but the enthusiasm and enjoyment had not been dampened. The activities began with Neptune ordering the 'slimy pollywogs' to come before the court, which, of course, meant crawling along the slippery deck on their hands and knees while the shellbacks who could reach swatted their rears. The rolling of the ship increased the time it took the five to achieve their destination; thus increasing the number of swats they received.

Once before the king, they had to endure an 'interrogation' of their worthiness to become shellbacks. This questioning was 'aided' by the administration of a concoction of hot sauce and aftershave. The coughing and sputtering of the responses brought chortles of delight from many of us who remembered our own interrogations. The Pollywogs took this in the manner it was intended and were laughing along. 

Next the five had to make their way through a covered tank filled with salt water and bright green sea dye, fluorescent sodium salt, by 'swimming' to the opposite end. To add to the test the crew had added a good deal of ice to the tank; although in this heat whether that was a good or bad thing was debatable. As Marine Corporal Rhys was exiting the tank a wave struck the ship on the aft port quarter and swept most of the audience along the deck piling them against the rail. His fellow marines were able to grab the corporal who had been temporarily untethered during his swim. 

I leaned over the railing and shouted to King Neptune below, "Neptune! ...Neptune! Let's speed things up before we lose someone!"

Chief Engineer Hemperer, as Neptune, acknowledged me and hastened the last two Pollywogs through the tank ensuring the marines and others were there to prevent any incident for the fellows in the tank.

After a quick conference with the rest of his court, Neptune had the Pollywogs lined up in the middle of the deck. His assistants then distributed the components of the next ordeal. With a good deal of energy and good marksmanship, the crewmembers launched the supply of mushy fruit at the five Pollywogs. It took very little time before they were all covered with a slimy compote of fruit. 

Thus adorned the five were summoned back to the presence of the court, on their hands and knees of course, being swatted as they came. A second wave washed across the deck again creating a laughing pile of crew against the opposite rail. Before I could say anything, Neptune announced, "These lowly Pollywogs what was have proven themselves worthy of joining the human race as shellbacks and to each I will give a certificate so declaring... once we are out of here and in the mess where the cooks have prepared a feast."

Cheers, and some boos at the shortened ceremony, greeted this announcement but none disagreed with the wisdom of leaving the deck as another rainsquall pelted down.

After putting on some dry clothes, I briefly joined the crew in the mess. The five new shellbacks were still in their fruit-covered clothing and were enduring some good-natured ribbing by the others. Andrew Baskins was beaming at all the attention. I was glad to see he, and the others, had not taken the 'torment' personally as I had seen in the past. I welcomed each of the five into the ranks of shellbacks.

I congratulated Neptune, Davy Jones and Highness Amphitrite on a job well done, and thanked Neptune for ending early rather than risking injury in the rising seas.

Those seas brought me to the bridge so I could assess what was happening and what extra tasks were needed, if any. But a good crew like mine with good officers like Withers were atop of things and all was well. Time for Captain's Prowl I decided and off I set.

The off-duty personnel were mostly drying off if they had been on deck so I had some good glimpses of their taut, healthy bodies.

About 45 minutes into my Prowl, I passed the lifejacket storage locker when something within it clanked against the bulkhead. A loose piece of equipment I thought as I opened the hatch. Not quite, I discovered.

Two naked crewmembers in a 69 position were lying on the floor. The first was Seaman Mark Zuckerman, the new shellback, and he was in panic mode at having been discovered in a compromising position. He struggled to rise but his companion tried to restrain him. His companion? None other than young Andrew Baskins, another new shellback. 

"Captain, I... we... it's not what... Oh god, sir," stammered young Zuckerman.

"Mark, relax, it's okay," responded Andrew attempting to reassure his friend life was not over.

"Zuckerman... Mark, breathe. Listen to Andrew, it's okay," I said soothingly. "Mark, Mark, breathe." The poor kid was almost hyperventilating. "In... out... in... out. That's it."

"Sir, I..." he said tearfully.

"Mark, I am not going to cashier you. Relax. You guys go back to what you were doing. Just be more careful and try not to attract attention by making noise, okay? And secure the hatch more carefully so you won't be surprised again."

"Okay, Captain," replied Andrew sitting up to comfort his shocked friend. "Mark, relax, buddy, relax..."

I quietly closed the hatch on Andrew's soothing words. I could not help but chuckle to myself. I was beginning to wonder if the cooks were adding aphrodisiacs to the food. Then I thought, 'Mark is quite cute, if he survives the shock amybe... stop it, you horny bastard.'

The rest of my patrol was not as interesting and was concluded quickly. I regained the bridge just as the meteorologist was completing his report to Withers. Two more storm cells were athwart our course. Steering further south was the best option; that way we would miss the worst of the storms. 

Steering south would allow us to address another issue as well. Since we had been making best speed to make up time, we were in need of fuel which necessitated landfall in order to refuel. The closest port was Yaren in Nauru which had minimal facilities but which could top up our fuel tanks sufficiently to get us to Darwin, Australia where we would meet the rest of the task force. I directed our course to Nauru which we would make at 0400 at current speed.

No point staying up all night, so I retired to my night cabin. As I passed the yeoman's cabin I could make out the sounds of Rowlands 'helping' Jennings. Smiling to myself at the mental image which came to mind, I entered my own cabin. Taking up a paperweight from my desk, I tapped out, in Morse code, 'Shhh, you can be heard.'

Moments later I heard Morse code in return 'Ouch, shhh.'

I fell into a deep and peaceful sleep, disturbed at 0345 by Petty Officer, First Class Wayne Schmidt to announce we were entering Nauru waters. The American consul in Yaren had made all the arrangements on our behalf so things moved quickly once in port.

The crew were disappointed they could not go ashore but truth be told there wasn't much to see and do in Yaren anyway.

We were under weigh by 0900 with sufficient fuel to make Darwin at best speed. We made west southwest to pass through the Solomon Islands into the Solomon Sea. From the Solomon Sea we passed Tagula Island, we made for the Torres Strait between Australia and Papua New Guinea. Many of the islands we passed were names crew members up on WWII history would recognize. Withers, a history buff, took delight in using the PA system to point out these historical sites and what had happened in the waters we sailed through.

I was on a Prowl as Withers droned on about Guadalcanal and the Battle of Coral Sea which occurred further south of our location. Many of the crewmembers did not appreciate the history lessons and grumbled about them when they thought I could not hear. I made a note to quell Withers' enthusiastic educational venture. 

My Prowl today took me past Seaman Zuckerman's workstation. He blushed and began to fumble with his equipment as soon as he saw me. "Zuckerman, come with me, please," I requested. The poor fellow almost collapsed, ands all his work mates stared at us and whispered to each other. I led us out on deck by the rail where we were unlikely to be heard.

"Mark," I started softly, "I am sure Andrew let you know you have nothing to worry about regarding what I saw yesterday." He started to speak but only managed to nod. "Do you have anything you want to say or questions you want to ask?"

He gulped and gasped and looked even more embarrassed, if possible. "Well, sir... that is, Andrew said... well, he said... he said you wouldn't make trouble for us, sir, that you were cool about..." he looked around and dropped his voice even further, "... about we... Andrew and me... uh... were doing, sir."

"That is right, Mark. No trouble from me. What the two of you were doing is natural for two healthy teenagers like yourselves."

"Really, sir?"

"Absolutely, your hormones are raging and with only guys around what are you to do?"

He looked relieved and surprised, "Navy regulations..."

"Some Navy regulations, I confess, I hold in less esteem than others. Don't tell anyone I said that or I'll be in trouble." He laughed and nodded agreement. "Mark, if you and Andrew, or you and anyone else want to explore a mutual attraction or just want to experiment, go right ahead. As long as it doesn't interfere with your duties and it is done discretely. Do you understand?"

"I think so, sir. Gee, Andrew said you would be cool about this, but I didn't believe... well, I didn't think you would be so cool, sir, if you know what I mean, sir." 

"I do and I thank you. Now anything else you want to discuss?" He shook his head. "Alrighty, follow my lead and we will forestall gossip by your team mates." I led the way back into the work station, Mark trailing behind, "Again, just wanted to thank you on how well you handled the Crossing the Line, very mature. Just keep in mind what it felt like so when you take part as a shellback you do so with some modicum of restraint."

He faltered, not immediately picking up my thread of conversation, but then responded, "Thank you, sir, it was kinda fun, but I'm glad I won't have to do that again, sir."

I wanted to kiss and ravage the cute seaman but restrained myself, shook his hand and departed.

My meeting with Mark did two things. One, it confirmed for me that Andrew was discrete, even with another sexual partner. Two, it made me horny as hell; Mark was definitely a cute little bugger!

I returned to the bridge and did all the things a captain has to do. Withers' duty rotation had ended so he was not about, so I would have to look for other game. Andrew or Spike were possibilities but both had other sexual outlets. I made my way to the wardroom.

Ah, in answer to a prayer, there sat David ben Zvi and Michael Tiessen finishing their dinner. I grabbed some grub and joined them. We discussed ship matters and non-consequential things for a while. They both started to leave but I stopped them. "Gentlemen, as soon as I am finished my pie, I want both of you to report to my night cabin."

They looked at me and then at each other. I could tell each had figured out my purpose but didn't know how the other fit in with my request. Making sure the steward was not within earshot, I explained, "It is quite simple, gentlemen, we three are going to go to my cabin and I am going to fuck the bejesus out of you. Any questions?"

They looked stunned by my straightforward statement. They then sized the other up as a sex partner. Smiles broke out and they retook their seats, while I finished my meal. Ben Zvi, seated next to me, reached over and ran his hand up my leg giving my genitals a good squeeze when he arrived at them. Apparently at the same time he stuck his foot between Captain Tiessen's legs and pushed at his genitals. The captain looked surprised, looked around for possible witnesses, and took hold of the intruding leg and ran his hand along it.

"Well, I see I have two willing partners for my little romp," I declared. "But, since you both like to bottom, we need a fourth. Any suggestions?"

Both smirked and furrowed their foreheads in thought.