 Baron grabbed a couple sandwiches from his saddle pack. He handed one to Randy and the two men sat down under the only tree for miles. The two men ate in silence. Their words were stilled by the moment that morning that changed the relationship. The pull of Baron was too much for Randy, he was started to wonder if men were really what he wanted. What he actually needed.

A glob of strawberry jelly moved at the corner of Randy's mouth. Baron moved forward towards the younger man and gently wiped the jelly off of his face. The blonde man pulled back from the touch, uncertain of the older man.

"It was only a touch Randy, nothing more."

The man couldn't look at Baron and looked down at the peanut butter and jelly sandwich in his hands. The sticky sweet condiment was also on his hand and he went to lick it off. The older man was closer now and took his covered finger to his mouth. 

The touch of the man's tongue drove Randy wild, his cock hardening in his jeans. He tried to pull back, but the man held on tightly. 

"Baron?"

"You know I want you Randy. Your cock tells me you want me too."

The younger man could not protest, Baron's hand slid onto his lap. His rough hand gripped the man's lengthening dick and squeezed it. His tongue still working the man's digit, Randy groaned. Baron took the opportunity to move in on the straight man. 

"Come on Randy. It gets lonely out here on the range. It can be a month before we are in town around women."

Baron's mouth captured Randy's lips in his. The man protested for a moment, but finally gave into his inner desires. The older man took his action as acceptance and pressed the younger cowboy to the ground. 

Randy tried to press back, but the man was overwhelming him. His pelvic pressed against his and one hand slid down his back, trying to calm the man's fears. Baron lifted his lower body up and his hand went to the man's fly. 

His deft hands quickly unzipped Randy's Wranglers and found the stiff length he was looking for. The man tried to pull back from Baron, his mouth detaching. He tried to speak but Baron's tongue was back in his mouth before he could. 

Baron's large body pinned the man to the grass and his hand worked Randy's cock out. He started stroking it with long jerks. Randy moaned in his mouth and his arms wrapped around Baron's strong neck. 

Baron broke the kiss finally, when he knew that Randy was not going to protest any longer. Looking up at Randy, Baron took the man's dick into his mouth. His lips closed around the head and slid his tongue on the sensitive underside. Randy gasped with the contact and tried to sit up. His eyes bulged as he watched Baron take the full length into his mouth. Inch after inch disappeared into his wet recess and Randy was lost to the feeling.

The hands that were wrapped around his neck, were now delved into his hair, pushing Baron down onto his cock. Randy closed his eyes and let the man work his magic. It was far better head than he had gotten from any woman he knew. Baron knew exactly what to do, to get the young man's engine revving. 

Baron could tell that Randy was getting close, so he sucked harder on the man's cock. He tasted the first spurt of salt and swallowed stream after stream of cum. His cock was hard in his pants and he stood up to jerk his pants off. 

Randy opened his eyes with a smile on his face, until he saw Baron standing over him with a huge cock in his hands. It became clear what was expected of the man and he was unwilling to fathom that big piece of meat inside of his ass. He had tried anal sex with a girlfriend once and all she did was scream. Looking at the older man's dick, pulled the man out of his post-climax glow and got him moving.

He backed up from the approaching man and struggled to get to his feet with his pants falling down. Randy backed away from the man and when Baron didn't stop, he turned around and started running towards his idle horse. 

Baron refused to let a chance slip by, especially after swallowing the man's cum. The taste sent his pecker to full staff and he needed some relief of his own.

"Randy, get back here. We are not finished yet."

Baron grabbed his rope on the ground and swung the rope over his head. He lassoed the retreating man around the neck and jerked back. The rope tightened around the running man, stopping him in his tracks. 

Baron was behind him in seconds and pushing Randy roughly against the tree. His hand pushed the man's pants down and started to rub the man's ass. Randy squealed and tried to struggle, but the rough bark on the tree scraped against his stomach. 

The older man held the rope with one hand, keeping it tight around his neck. The younger man groaned and fought against the man. When Baron put his cock in between the man's ass cheeks, Randy stopped the struggle and went stiff. He was afraid to move a muscle, afraid he would push the man inside.

Baron reached around Randy and pulled his lower body closer to him. He gripped the man's limp cock and started to stroke it, trying to excite the young man. He could tell he was scared. He knew that he would be Randy's first and that made his blood boil. He also saw the fear in his eyes, when his gaze landed on his erection. Baron could be scary to some. His size was a bit overwhelming to take in all at once.

"I am going to be gentle man, just chill out. If you tense up, it is only going to hurt more."

As he was saying the words, his hips were slowly pressing forward. Randy cried out as the large mushroom head popped inside of his ass.

"Stop, stop Baron!"

Baron paused for a moment, letting the man get used to the dick inside of him. When the man stopped panting, he pressed further inside. Another couple of inches went in before the young man started tensing up again. He murmured sweet nothings in his ear, but Randy wasn't listening. All he could think about was the piece of meat inside of him, stretching his ass like he had never experienced before. 

There was a feeling of burning as it pressed inside, but as Baron paused, the feeling became more pleasurable. The older man felt the man's ass opening up for him and Randy even started to push back against him. Another couple of inches slid inside and Baron was in heaven. 

He let the man fuck himself on his cock, moaning the whole time. 

"Fuck, that feels good! You are so big."

"I am not all the way in yet. Are you ready for all of me?"

"I think so."

Baron surged forward several more inches, until his balls hit his ass. The young man groaned and Baron could feel his bowels crashing in around him. 

"Oh fuck."

Baron gave the man a minute to adjust. He was taking it well and he did not want to ruin his chance of some regular ass out on the range. The man he was wedged inside of started to squirm back against him. Baron pulled out slowly and the Randy moaned with the next thrust. 

Randy stopped struggling and actually started to fuck back against him. His moaning was deep and Baron could see his hand starting to stroke his cock.

"You just keep stroking it Randy, I am going to start fucking you now."

This time, he did not wait for an answer. His cock started plunging inside of the man's tight ass. His hand released the lasso and gripped his waist with both hands. Randy cried out with one particular hard thrust and Baron saw white cream hitting the tree in front of Randy. 

Now that the man had another orgasm, Baron worked his cock in and out faster. Each thrust brought a grunt from the young man. He whimpered when Baron pulled out fully. His ass pushed back into the air, begging for more. 

Baron slammed back in, pushing the man against the tree. His senses pushed him to a frenzied state, his cock rammed in and out of the man's hole. He knew he shouldn't be so rough, but he couldn't help himself. He fucked the very air out of Randy, his grunting turned to yelling. Curse words a mantra on his lips, as the older man plundered his ass. 

Baron's rough hands pulled the man to him, again and again. His fingers gripped the man's tender flesh hard, the skin white under his thick fingers. The man's thrusting became uneven and he could feel cum bubbling in his balls. He pressed in one last time and shot cum inside of the man's bowels. Randy cried out with the liquid heat, burning his raw insides. His head rested on the tree, his breath coming out in short gasps.

"Fuck."