 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

It was Sunday morning now. I could still not believe what Matt and I had done the night before. There was a sense of guilt and betrayal, but I couldn't get the vision of him out of my head. It was so wrong, and yet, I found myself craving more of him. I knew we couldn't continue the affair; it was just too risky. I hoped he would let me be, for it was far too easy to tempt me.

I left my bunk and exited the RV where my family was already eating breakfast, roasting sausage and cooking eggs over a campfire. Matt was sitting by himself eating some toast, his eyes widening and brightened as he caught my presence. He said nothing but smiled intently. I did my best to divert my attention and shared some breakfast with my relatives on the opposite side of the fire, but I could feel him glancing at me. 

My uncle was searching through the cooler for a soda, and happened to notice most of the ice had melted. "Matt, do you mind running to the lodge and grabbing a few bags of ice."

"Of course, not a problem." He stood, his muscular frame begging to be ripped free from the constraints of his tight shirt. I stared at his bulging pecs from the corners of my eye as he walked closer toward me.

"I could use some ice for my cooler as well. Why don't you go with him?!" My grandma nudged me up off my seat. I was internally very annoyed but she obviously did not know the emotional turmoil she was putting me through by making me go with him, so I just smiled and said, "You got it!"

He looked thrilled, patiently waiting for me to lead the way, following like a puppy. "You are something else. I can't get last night out of my head." He whispered excitedly as we started walking. 

"It was amazing Matt. The best. I just don't think we can do this. You are married to my cousin. It's just wrong on so many levels. There is no discussion." It hurt to say, but a good night of sleep had cleared my rationale. 

"You just do something to me. I don't know if my craving for you will disappear with time. It's scary to think about." We said nothing else and continued walking, his head down with a slight look of disappointment. We made our way to the lodge and took a break to grab some water and sit by the pool, for the walk was about a mile and the sun was already in full bloom. We sat in silence as I stared out at the splashing patrons. Unexpectedly, I felt a foot caress my inner thigh. I glanced down and saw him rubbing his foot up and down my leg, calling my attention to the space underneath the table. I then noticed he had whipped his dick out of his pants and was playing with it. It was even more beautiful in the daylight and I wanted nothing more to get on my knees and service him all over again. I just couldn't get the fear of wandering eyes out of my head. He kept it under the table, but I still started freaking. "Put that fucking thing away!"

He laughed and plopped the semi-hard penis back in his shorts. "That's not what you said last night. You fucking loved this dick, rubbed your tongue all over it. Sucking on my head and swallowing my thick load. And you looked so hot doing it." He was making me harder with each word that escaped his lips, a confliction brewing within me. I stared into his eyes as he licked his lips and continued to rub his hard dick from the outside of his pants. 

I couldn't help but laugh. "You were so fucking desperate for my touch. You were practically cumming by the time I finished sucking your nipples. Moaning as I rubbed on your hairy balls. You were begging for me to grip that dick and suck that plump, juicy head." He had his dick out again, rubbing it up and down under the table. He didn't give a shit who saw, he seemed so damn horny. I was extremely turned on by his lack of concern for where we were. I continued teasing him. "It was so hot to watch your dick throb as I licked the shaft from the base all the way to the tip. You trembled when I reached the head, pre-cum flowing out of your pulsing red tip." 

He was moving his hand more aggressively now, on the verge of ejacualtion, his voice weak as he reached the edge. "You are so fucking hot. You made me feel so good. It was so amazing to watch that beautiful mouth slide up and down my-my..." He moved his head down and bit his lip to avoid making noise. He was about to cum. I knew it happened when I felt some warm liquid splatter my legs beneath the table. He let out a brief exhale of pleasure. There was another man at a table toward the other end of the patio who definitely saw, but he seemed to enjoy what he was seeing so he didn't make a scene. I stared at Matt as he sat exhausted, his dick leaking the last of his juices onto the gravel rock below us.

He wiped his dick with a napkin and concealed it back in his shorts, looking into my eyes and smiling. "I can't wait to fuck you." I just smiled and said nothing before we stood. We made our way to the ice cooler and grabbed two bags each, then beginning the trek back toward the RV. We were passing a small wooden hut that housed some bathrooms when he pushed me aside toward the back by the bushes where it was difficult for anyone to see us. 

"We are not doing anything here! Let's get back to the family. They are probably wondering what is taking us so long."

"I know that. I just couldn't help myself. I wanted to do this." Matt plopped the ice down and took me in his arms, his hands caressing my face. He gave me one steady kiss, inching his tongue in between my lips, rubbing his right hand up and down my ass. The kiss was not a sexual or horny kiss, but a passionate one. It was almost as if he was falling for me. We let go of each other's faces and locked eyes. I laughed and kissed his hand, before picking up the ice and continuing our walk to the RV.

We spent the rest of the day pretending to not give two shits about each other while we spent our final hours together with the family. It was around three when I announced I need to head back home. They understood and thanked me for visiting. Conveniently, Matt announced he also needed to leave at the same time. I just laughed as we both made our way to our cars. We were now out of view of the family. Softly, he grabbed my arm and leaned me against his car, rubbing his hand slowly down my chest. "Follow my car, okay? I have an idea." He winked and gave me a quick kiss on the lips, sending a shiver down my spine. We then got in our cars and began driving down the gravel road that led to the exit of the campground.

As I stared at the back of his car swerving down the shaded road, I could not believe how easily I melted every time he touched me. He had such a profound effect on me and I couldn't even imagine how we could stop this from happening in the future. When we had gotten about four miles down the road from the campground, Matt pulled off the main road and down a side road that you would miss if travelling at normal speed. It lead to a quiet wooded stream; I admired the stillness in the air as I exited the car and met him by the stream. He extended out his hand and pulled me to his side. "I found this site last time I came up to visit the family. It's so peaceful and private. I thought it would be the perfect spot."

"Perfect spot for what?" I asked excitedly.

He said nothing, but smiled as he guided me to sit down on a soft patch of grass and began to remove my shirt. To feel his hands on my naked chest was a new feeling to me, and it made me hard instantly. "It's time I return the favor. I wanna make you cum so hard. And you can moan as loud as you want out here."

I stared at my dick springing loose as he pulled my pants down to my ankles. The head of my dick throbbed as I stared at Matt trace it up and down with his eyes. "Have you ever sucked a dick before?"

He looked up at me, staring into my eyes. "You are my first experience with a guy. Ever. It feels like a first love all over again. My first time. Intense and powerful. I can't wait to wrap my mouth around your dick."

Matt rubbed his smooth hands up and down my shaft, shooting pulses of sensation up my thighs. I stared intently at his unshavened face as he glanced at my cock, slightly intimidated but enthusiastic. With delicate movements, Matt began licking the sides of my dick, making my head swell. With one ambitious gulp, he took the whole tip in his mouth, swishing it around between his cheeks. The moist warmth of his mouth made me moan out loud, which seemed to make him more excited. I moaned louder as he began sucking it completely, even making it to the base of my shaft without gagging. I had been single for several months, so feeling a mouth on my cock again was extraordinary, and the fact that it was a man I had been lusting after for the last several years made the sensation even more intense. I knew I would not be able to keep it in long. As my moans became more exaggerated, I expected Matt to release my cock from the grip of his tongue and start jerking me off, but he kept on sucking, tickling my head with the tip of his tongue. "Fuck Matt. Matt, I'm gonna cum!!" He sucked my head in more, allowing my load to shoot out from my head and coat his throat. 

It felt so good to see him smile as he sucked the remaining drips of cum off my dick before crawling up my body and making out with me, thrusting his own manhood against mine; I could feel it swelling. He stopped for a moment and giggled, giddy with joy. He smiled and rested his head on my chest. "I really have to be getting home, but I don't want to leave your side." I just smiled and caressed his hair in my hand. The setting was serene, the trickle of the stream and the warm rays of sunshine dripping through the trees as we lay our naked bodies on a bed of grass. It was at that moment that I accepted the fact that I might be in love. I kissed him once more and then we were off, driving our separate ways. My dick still possessed the memory of his mouth, and I pictured him sucking me off the entire ride home. I didn't know when I would see him next, but I knew I would. At any cost.