 The next morning I was awakened by a sense of something not right. I lifted my head and saw a figure quietly closing the hatch. I was about to demand the person identify himself when I caught a glimpse of white in the darkness.

"Spike, what are you doing?"

"Sorry, sir, did I wake you?" Rowlands answered.

"Yes, you did. What are you doing here?" I am not sure if I was perturbed or intrigued.

He approached the bed and I could confirm my glimpse of white was his white cotton briefs, similar to those I had admired the night before. I reached up to turn on the bedside lamp. There was my yeoman naked but for those briefs.

I touched his leg, running my hand up and down through the thick hair coating it. At the top of my run my hand strayed over the cotton covered bulge, cupping the balls then stroking his cock. He sighed and pressed forward encouraging my caress. 

I took the hint and pulled him down to my mouth and began sucking his cock through the cotton. I was so turned on by the look of his briefs against the tan of his skin and his brown leg hair. Spike's spike was hard instantly. His hand grasped my cock through my bedding and stroked it lovingly. 

Remembering how he reacted during his role-play with Chief Warrant Officer Jennings, I took the opportunity to actually bit down on his cock. 

"Fuck, yeah, sir," was his reaction which encouraged me to take hold of his nuts and give them a good strong tug and twist stretching his briefs as I did so. "Harder, sir, harder. Hurt me, sir. Hurt me, please, sir!"

I tugged, twisted and bit harder on all his tender bits. His knees sagged against the bunk. He growled in pleasure. His cock shudder and he erupted. Cum soaked his briefs. 

I moved my mouth up to his cockhead and proceeded to slurp up his hot cum. My other hand reached between his legs and snaked under the leg band of his briefs. I found the puckered little hole I had watched ravaged last night. I rammed two fingers in dry. His body trembled as he reached an immediate second orgasm. 

He moaned, groaned, sighed and whimpered all at the same time. It was an intensely erotic sound. That, and his manual manipulation brought me close to orgasm myself. I forced myself to stop and to stop Spike. He looked very disappointed. 

"Take off your briefs," I commanded. Once he was nude, "Now, jack me off into your briefs."

His face brightened and he went to work on my cock earnestly. I rammed my fingers back into his ass. The two sensations brought me to climax and I emptied my load into Spike's cotton covered hand.

He raised the briefs to his face to lick up the cum but again I stopped his actions. "No, Yeoman Rowlands. Uniform of the day for you, those briefs, shorts, white socks and sneakers. Understood?"

He came to attention, "Aye, aye, sir." He beamed down at me as he put on the cum soaked briefs.

"Now, then, back to my original question: Spike, what are you doing? In here at this time of the morning?"

"Oh, yeah. Lieutenant Okassa sent word asking you to join him on the bridge, sir. Something to do with the weather ahead, sir." 

I swung my legs off the bunk, "Alright, Rowlands, but in future ship's business before pleasure. Understood?"

He went to attention again, 'Understood, sir." He paused, and then added, "But, you started it, sir."

I laughed at his impeccable logic, "Even if I throw you to the deck and am ravishing you against your will..." 

"Never, Sir," he interrupted, offended at the idea it would ever be against his will.

"...ship's business first." I pulled his head down to mine and kissed him. "Now, grab my clean uniform from the closet while I shower."

With his help I was on the bridge within five minutes. "Report, Lieutenant."

Okassa drew my attention to the meteorologist's report showing a major storm system across our path. We were not going to be able to skirt this one as we had the last. In approximately 90 minutes we would be hit the front edge of the storm. I made a ship-wide announcement calling for all hands to secure the ship for heavy seas and strong winds. 

I could hear the banging of hatches and the din of voices as the crew leapt into action securing everything on deck that needed securing.

As predicted, we were being buffeted by raising wind and waves within ninety minutes. The Dorian Gray was a strong rough-weather ship but she still reeled and twisted as we drove further into the storm. Not weather for those prone to seasickness.

Shortly afterward, Rowlands, dressed as ordered with the appropriate addition of a t-shirt, appeared on the bridge bearing fresh fruit, dry toast and coffee, my usual breakfast. Another reason changing yeomen was a good choice. As I munched away, I admired Rowlands' agility as he managed the tray on the heaving ship. I could not help but notice the crinkling of bridge crew noses as they detected the aroma emanating from the yeoman.

"How's it going below, yeoman?" I asked, trying to not laugh at my own double entendre. 

"A okay, sir. Tackling the office this morning, sir," he answered with a straight face but with a little smirk at the end. When dismissed, he turned smartly and left the bridge passing Lieutenant Withers as he did so. 

Withers took a deep breath in through his nose and a smirk appeared momentarily on his lips. Taking station next to me, Withers commented, "I see the new yeoman is working out well, sir."

"Splendidly, Withers, splendidly."

A couple of hours later, I decided I needed to tour the ship to see how everyone and everything was dealing with the weather. Despite the continued heat in the interior, the men on-duty were all dressed in their usual attire, most likely under orders. The men off duty showed more skin but not a lot more.

I was not surprised to see a little chaos in the ship's stores. The rough seas had caused an overhead brace to snap tossing some of the stores about off shelves and out of bins. Lieutenant David ben Zvi was directing his men repair the storage units and to stow the stores more securely when I arrived.

"Captain," he said in surprise and embarrassment.

"Lieutenant, just doing a tour to see how the weather is effecting things," I responded trying to ease some of his discomfort. "I see you and your men are managing things well, " I projected more so the men could hear the praise from me directly.

"Thank you, Captain, we are doing our best. Now, if you could just keep the ship steady for awhile..." he also projected so the men could hear the joke. There were many guffaws in appreciation.

I swiped my hand at the lieutenant in a mock gesture of admonishment saying, "Mutiny" as I did so. Unfortunately, the ship rolled at that moment catching ben Zvi and me off balance. He stumbled toward me and my hand actually connected with him on the bridge of his nose. 

"David, I am so sorry."

"Not necessary, sir," he graciously replied while holding his face, "An accident."

I insisted he come into his small office and sit. He refused an offer to take him to sick bay and only reluctantly allowed me to survey the damage. I had managed to catch him above his eyelid with my wedding ring. Grabbing the first aid kit, I applied a small dressing to the minor cut over the lid. 

As I was standing above him doing this, the ship heaved and I fell into him, this time my groin connecting with his face. I was surprised by his reaction. I would have expected him to push me away instead he wrapped his hands around my ass and pulled me closer. 

His chin hit my cock. The lieutenant rapidly dropped his head enough to make contact between his mouth and my cock. Because I did not react adversely he took that as permission and began mouthing my swiftly hardening cock through my uniform. 

I leaned down closer to his ear, "Don't mark the uniform."

David nodded and slid from the chair to the floor. He loosened my belt and undid my fly with great dexterity indicating a familiarity with the procedure. Once my pants were loose he pushed me into his chair pulling my pants down to mid thigh. He very quickly applied his mouth to my cock still encased in the jock strap I opted to wear today.

He was very talented and I thought how I could write up this talent in a performance report. As I was being blown, I could see the men through the large window into the stores room. They were oblivious to what was occurring, thank God.

Meanwhile, ben Zvi was busy stripping off his clothes. Once naked he pulled my pants to my ankles and rubbed his cock along my bare leg. 

I noticed some ointment in the first aid kit and decided to add to the excitement of a secret blowjob. I tapped David on the nose with the ointment tube. He looked at me and smiled. He spun around on his hands and knees presenting his ass to me. He reached around spreading his ass cheeks to give me a clearer view. I shoved my jock strap aside, applied a little ointment on my cock and I shifted forward and shoving my cock into the little puckered hole before me. 

He was tight and I was hesitant to push too hard. Apparently, I needn't have worried, the naked lieutenant beneath me pushed back impaling himself fully on my 7'5". He proceeded to fuck himself with energy. The feeling was sensational. Fucking one of my officers while only a few feet away crewmembers carried on with their work, blissfully unaware.

I slid to the floor to get better access to David's incredibly hot, tight ass. Taking hold of his shoulders I was able to pile-drive into him. David moaned. I reached around him and took hold of a nipple. It was easy to find amongst the thick chest hair because it was the size of a pencil eraser and just as hard. 

I flicked the nipple. David tightened his ass muscles. I pinched it. He tightened again. I took hold, twisting and pulling at the same time. He nearly severed my cock.

I apparently had a crew made up of macho men who like the infliction of pain during sex. And I was okay with that. Big time.

I took hold of both nipples now and yanked, twirled and punished those things as hard as I could. No matter what I did, the good lieutenant whispered 'harder, sir.'

Same thing he said as I rammed into his ass. I would pull all the way out and cram my cock back in. This was so exciting. Fucking a hot lieutenant no more than ten feet away from his men. I could not last long. No more than five minutes after I started fucking him I plunged all the way in and held position. My load blasted its way into his ass. 

As I unloaded, David's ass tightened around my cock five or six times. He was cumming too.

When he stopped spasming, I leaned across his back and whispered, "You are one seriously hot fuck, lieutenant."

"Right back at you, sir." He paused, "Sorry, sir, but I haven't had cock for so long I couldn't resist when yours was right there in my face."

"Quite alright, David. I really enjoyed that. Now, let's see if we can get out of here without the men figuring out what happened."

He chuckled as he gathered his clothes and I straightened my uniform. When we were presentable I lead the way out of the little office saying, "Well, thank you for filling me in, lieutenant..."

"Thank you, sir."

"... and great work, men. Well done!"

A chorus of 'thank you, sirs" followed me into the passageway.

As I made my way through the pitching and rolling ship, I could not help but smile; without a doubt I commanded the best ship in the navy crewed by some of the hottest officers and men in the navy. And I loved it!

The crew took heart as I moved about. 'If the Captain is smiling things must be pretty good,' they were saying to one another. So in a way my perversion was good for the ship's morale, and mine.