 Ricky was on the way back from the Adult store. His cock was already heavy from the conversation with the clerk, and he was anticipating watching the adult movie DVD. For a moment he hesitated, then called his best friend Greg. "Hey Greg, what are you doing right now, I just got another movie. It is supposed to be good. Why don't you stop by so we can watch it together?

Greg answered, "Hey Ricky. I just got through jogging, I still have my light gray jogging shorts on."

"That's ok. Just come on over to my flat." Ricky didn't really care what he wore, or if he was sweaty. As a matter of fact somehow the jogging shorts seemed appropriate.

Ricky took the cellophane off the DVD and looked at the picture on the front, of a pussy in white panties with good form. On the back was a picture of a cock in white briefs. He pressed the DVD button and the tray slid out. He put the DVD in place but waited to start it until Greg got there. Just the picture on the front of the DVD made his cock start to get hard. He set up and turned on a night vision video camera, to catch Greg's reactions to the movie and Ricky's surprises.

A knock came at the door. Greg was already there.

Ricky said, "Come on in."

Greg came in and let his eyes adjust. "How's it going?"

"Great," answered Ricky. "I put in some black lights, so it should help watching the movie. I see your shorts are still sweaty. Why don't you take them off and drape them over that kitchen chair? I will get us a couple drinks from the fridge." 

Ricky could tell the light material of Greg's shorts must have put on an exhibition on the jogging trail. He could plainly see the form and outline of his package. "You must have been trolling for women, eh? Looking for action, eh? Coeds?"

Greg replied, "That was part of the idea, but every time I stopped at a water fountain, it seemed like I would get surrounded by guys who wanted to chat me up."

A little reluctantly Greg took off his jogging shorts. He had on a bikini lining that was exactly like orange gauze panties, probably were sold separately like that. He looked like a crossdresser. 

Ricky had a few secret surprises for Greg and was going to play things by ear as the evening progressed. 

Greg stood in the living room in his bikini lining, and decided it looked weird to have a tee shirt on, so he took off his shirt and laid it over the chair as well.

In the kitchen Ricky mixed some Rum and Coke, but put some meth in each glass. Greg would refuse the meth if told ahead of time, but he felt Greg would really enjoy the DVD and the meth together.

Ricky gave Greg the drink, "Go ahead and start drinking. I will turn the lights down and start the movie." 

Ricky was only wearing some sheer cotton briefs. It was warm, and he could rub his cock while watching the movie. The room would be dark anyway.

Greg started drinking the Rum and Coke. It was good. Ricky turned off the regular lights, and then turned on the black lights and started the DVD.

Greg was surprised that the black lights showed Ricky's sheer cotton briefs in luminescent white. They were bright and made his whole crotch show in contrast to the rest of his body. Ricky's briefs could have passed for panties and he looked like a cross dresser. Greg looked down and saw his gauze bikini lining could not have looked better on a sexy lady, it was glowing bright orange. He drank more of the drink trying to think of the proper thing to say. Greg was straight.

The DVD had just started when Ricky stopped it. There was a picture of a pussy filling the whole screen. It had nice form and was erotic to see the curves and obvious form of clit, and pussy lips. Ricky got another set of drinks before resuming the DVD.

Greg looked at the sexy picture on the screen while thinking of the last time he came over. They had gotten drunk watching porn movies of bisexuals erotically sucking cock and swallowing cum. Teasingly Ricky had commented that since they were friends he would let Greg lick his cock if he ever wanted to see what it was like. It would be okay because they were friends. Ricky wouldn't tell anybody, and Greg would not be gay. You don't turn queer just for trying it. 

After that Greg couldn't help visualizing Ricky's cock at night while lying in bed. He didn't know why but this made his cock hard. Maybe it reminded him of the porno movie. Also he remembered Ricky's offer to try saying that after all it was a natural thing, and he could even taste the precum which he said is good for you, and good for the skin on his tongue. Just thinking about this for some reason made him horny with a hardon. Greg had dreams of Ricky's cock. Ricky had begun to seduce him.

Ricky walked back into the darkened room. 

His glowing white low rise briefs were right in Greg's face, flashing his hard cock. Due to what he had been thinking Greg was staring right at Ricky's cock, momentarily spellbound. 

"Here is your drink." Ricky looked down at the fluorescent orange bikini with a rising cock.

The DVD was restarted. The movie was slow motion erotic action. At first the whole screen was filled with the panty clad pussy and a man's hand slowly came into the picture slowly fondling the pussy in foreplay. The video cam slowly rose past her firm boobs with hard nipples, to her mouth and lips. Her mouth was opening as if in anticipation.

Rick glanced at Greg. Greg's lips were opening much like the lady in the movie.

The scene broke and transformed into a screen filled picture of a man's cock. A female hand was slowly exploring its form, all the way down to the balls and past, then back up the other side. They traced the band of the underwear as if looking for just the right place to slide under. The hand rubbed up and down the shaft of the cock and traced the seams of the underwear, and then the features of the cock. A finger traced the outline of the cum vein, and the flange of the head. The cock seemed to get larger and harder.

Rick saw that Greg's cock had gotten fully erect, exposed by the black light and the orange bikini lining.

After a while Greg started feeling the effect of the Rum, but also was getting high on the meth.

Rick got another round of drinks ready and spiked them.

Meanwhile the cock in the movie was getting lightly touched all over, and a beautiful pair of lips was kissing slowly up the hip on the edge of the picture with the cock straining. While the cock filled the screen occasionally the lips would move up out of the picture as if they must have kissed the top of the cock. The fingers would move up and play with the underwear band pulling it outward, but did not show whether the cock head was actually exposed or if the lips actually kissed it.

Rick brought the next round of drinks, and stood next to Greg. Greg's face was just at the right height of Rick's cock. "Steady me while I am holding this drink Greg. 

Greg draped his arm around Ricky's waist not willing to admit to himself he had his arm around Ricky's butt. Greg held Ricky's hip, around his butt cheeks while Ricky held Greg's head next to his other hip. Ricky was standing sideways to Greg, so Greg could watch the movie while his head was held tight against Ricky's hip. Greg was watching the movie over the top of Ricky's cock. His mouth was even with Ricky's cock head.

Greg was getting a raging hard on, as the lips kissed but the movie did not show whether they made contact with the cock head or not. A finger traveled up the cock on the screen and obviously dipped into the underwear band just above the screen frame. The finger seemed to scoop something up, and brought it back to the kissing lips. Greg couldn't tell what was scooped up but it had to be precum. The lips kissed the fingers and tantalizingly licked them clean.

A voice said, "Pull the underwear over the head." 

Greg's blood had long since raced to his engorged cock, and he couldn't concentrate on anything except the cock in the movie. Greg was not aware if it was a voice in the movie or Ricky's voice that said to uncover the cockhead, but semi-conscious of the act he let his hand trace up Ricky's cock and pulled the underwear up and out to release his cockhead. This was his first time hand job.

Ricky said, "Look at that hard purple cock head. Go ahead and taste it. It is okay." 

Greg realized he had just felt of another man's cock, even if it was covered by clothing.

As if reading his thoughts, Ricky said, "Its just clothing, and it is clean, you can hold it."

Greg wished the movie would hurry up and show the lips kissing the cock before he did. Suddenly he realized he just admitted to himself that he was planning to kiss Ricky's cock. As he started to ponder this in his euphoria, Ricky said, "Your lips don't have to touch it, just hold your mouth wide open over the cock head and blow on it so you can feel the heat coming off of it. It will be our secret."

Still watching the movie wishing the lips would hurry up and kiss the cock, he opened his mouth submissively over the cock head and started blowing gently, as if in role play with the movie. Sure enough he could feel the heat in his mouth coming off the cock. It was a good feeling. His tongue accidently touched the cock. He hoped Ricky didn't notice.

Ricky said, "Go ahead and lick it. Making it wet will make it harder and you will feel more heat coming off it. It is okay, don't worry about it, we are friends."

The meth was having its affects on him. The activity on the movie screen was streaking some, and the colors and shapes were super enhanced. The cock in his mouth was super amazing. Greg let his tongue wet the dome of the cock head, and travel the rim of the head. He tasted it, and blew his breath out on it gently and slowly. He could feel the heat coming off of it in waves. The skin of the shaft had a velvety feeling to his tongue and tasted exotic. Soon he was wetting the crown again and felt a drop with his tongue. It was salty, with just a little chalky taste, and slick. He was paying attention to the taste and features of the cock and it didn't occur to him that he had actually tasted precum for the first time. Playfully he kept licking but had to close his lips once to swallow. Now his lips were all around the cock, and it slid slightly on his lips. 

Without warning Ricky grabbed the hair on the back of Greg's head and pulled his head on the cock tighter. Greg felt a gooey, slippery gush into his mouth in spurts. Ricky cock was jerking violently in his mouth. Some of the spurts went directly down his throat forcing a swallow. Some coated the back of his mouth, and some got on his tongue where he could taste it. 

With a start, Greg realized it was one of his favorite tastes, orange-cream-marmalade. Greg swished it around on his tongue savoring the taste. He loved it. He thought Ricky somehow found out his favorite flavor and must have squirted some in his mouth. But the more he thought he realized he had just sucked cock and swallowed cum for the first time. He had never tasted cum before and was amazed it tasted so good. It was kinky and Greg didn't feel queer. 

Rick was still holding Greg's head and explained, "I found out how to modify or customize the taste of cum. How do you like it?"

Greg still had the cock in his mouth, and Ricky was still holding his head. He could still see the movie. It looked like the lips were getting closer to kissing the cock. Greg could only nod his head affirmatively about liking the taste. 

Greg continued to come over daily for the next month and a half. They watched movies, drank, and Greg sucked off Ricky for cum every day. Greg had become addicted. One day Ricky had changed the formula and his cum tasted like butterscotch. Greg loved it. When Ricky began to meet Greg at the jogging trail, they even had car sex and Greg sucked his cock in a car park, in a bathroom, and gave a blow job in a public restroom stall with Ricky. 

They were talking one evening. Ricky said, "You might get a little more cum if you massage the balls and prostate."

This time as Greg sucked and licked Ricky's cock and balls, licking way behind the balls to the anus, and actually rimmed the anus as Ricky cocked his leg high onto the back of the sofa; Greg let his finger drift over the asshole, and pushed it in slowly and gently. Soon he was massaging the prostate as he sucked Ricky's cock. He was rewarded with an extra serving of butterscotch cum.

One evening Ricky taunted Greg. Ricky stripped off his briefs and was nude. Greg had on a bright yellow mesh thong. He had let Greg get on the verge of withdrawals and it was easy enough to get him to bend over. Taking a couple pictures of his ass and thong, Ricky said, "You have massaged my prostate, let me do yours." Ricky moved the thong over to the side, took photos of the virgin asshole. He lubed Greg's asshole to loosened it up. "Relax." Soon he was pushing his cock into Greg's opening. Ricky reached up and grabbed the hair at the back of Greg's head and pulled on it as his cock slowly started to push in. "Push back, wobble your ass on it." Ricky was recording everything with a video camera.

Greg felt the cock slide in slowly bareback as he made slight wiggles and screwing motions. He humped just a little. He stopped and relaxed frequently so his asshole would adjust.

Ricky took his time and let Greg get used to it. Ricky said, "This is good for your prostate." Ricky reached over and grabbed a camera to take photos of the first time experience one inch at a time.

Greg felt Ricky's pubic hair against his ass and knew it was all the way in. His asshole wanted to tighten up, but he relaxed. He could hear Ricky taking photos. Suddenly he realized this was his first time anal fuck. He had never dreamed of getting fucked in the ass. But now he had a fullness in his ass. His back was arched, and his head was being pulled back as he felt the cock starting to pump in and out at an increasing rate. Ricky spanked his ass a few times.

He felt Ricky clinch hard, and felt Ricky's cock jerking in his asshole. Ricky patted Greg's naked ass and squeezed the cheeks. 

Wiping himself clean Ricky went to the kitchen to get a round of drinks. Ricky told Greg how good he was as he gave him a spiked drink. Ricky already had plans to make the sex with Greg rough. He would have a dildo and a butt plug next time.

After sucking Wild Grape cum from Ricky the next day, Greg asked, "How many other flavors do you have?"

Ricky said, "Come with me tomorrow to a distributors meeting, and flavor tasters party."

The next day Ricky and Greg arrived at the Flavor Party. It reminded Greg of a Tupperware Party, or an Amway Party. It was mostly men, and they were dressed nice. Some of the pants they wore were kind of a sheer cotton print that were form fitting. As it turns out the clothes available were part of the product line. This particular night was a Flavor Party night. Some of the Flavor Products were lined up on a table, and the men behind the products were there to demonstrate the Flavors, and their pants were obscenely exhibitionist with Velcro front flaps that revealed the entire crotch area when pulled open in a flash. 

Greg still had no idea how the product was somehow ingested into the body to make a man's cum have a certain taste. It seemed the product influences the prostate gland in producing the flavored cum. Later he found the product worked in the female Skene glands as well. He was interested in finding out a little more, as he had fallen in love with Ricky's cum.

One man talked about his cherry flavor, another talked about his cinnamon flavor, and another had rich grape. Greg talked to the man at the end of the table about his cherry flavor. He motioned Greg to have a seat on a stool for a demonstration. He showed a bottle of the Cherry Cum product and talked about how the flavor was a brilliant sweet red cherry taste. Moving directly in front of Greg the man in a flash pulled the Velcro front down and exposed his long cock. Greg let him place the cock to his lips and reflexively Greg let it in his mouth and sucked it hard within a minute in public. There was something about the man's dick skin that tasted good. He licked around the head and sucked it, and within a few minutes Greg felt the strangers cum shots in his mouth and twirled the slick cum around the head, and sucked it off. It tasted like the best sweet red cherry syrup he had ever tasted, maybe better. This was the most outrageous cum sucking he had ever heard of. Pictures and video were taken.

Before they left, Greg had sucked off 7 or 8 new flavors, and loved it. His body had a craving for cum and meth and Ricky knew it, so they went to Ricky's flat where Greg sucked off some more butterscotch cum.

Soon Greg started his own distributorship to serve sensual cocksuckers everywhere, with suck off demonstrations in homes and offices. Every hot wife would have a craving. Convention Halls, hotels and motels would keep a stock of it. Greg was thinking to hire hotwife prostitutes and married men desperate to prostitute for the flavored cum. Also he remembered his next college semester would soon start.

***

To see my other story listings click on Alluring_Crimson_Shifter, enjoy!