 It was an unusually warm autumn day down on the coast and I'd put in enough hard work for the day to justify a little break. It had only been a few weeks in my new job as a property maintenance manager and I'd been preparing a number of market holiday homes up and down the coastline, readying them for their wealthy tenants to enjoy over the upcoming summer holidays. 

The work was easy and the pay was pretty good, I got to work outside in the sun, keep in shape and work without people looking over my shoulder which was a welcome change from my previous jobs. Plus, i'd get to see some fantastic properties that I would never have even contemplated seeing in my lifetime, million dollar houses with million dollar views.

This particular place I had been at for the last few days was my favourite so far, beautiful views and a gate that opened right out onto the golden sands of a surf beach no more than 20 metres away. With the temperature climbing I'd worked up quite a sweat without realising and soon enough id discarded my sweat soaked singlet and was left in my short work shorts and work boots. 

I'd been hard at it for a few hours and decided to head down to the beach for a quick swim, the freshness of the water was invigorating as I dove under some waves and had a splash around.

After a while I made my way back up to the house and headed over to the outdoor shower to rinse the salt water from my body, knowing all the houses in the area were unoccupied at time of the year I didn't think twice about discarding my bathers and letting the cool water run over my young naked body. The thrill of being naked, exposed to the world made me feel a little daring as I felt my uncut, smooth 8" meat begin to stir a little. 

"Hello there" I froze. As I turned around I saw an older man of about 60 standing 5 metres away on the decking looking me up and down. 

"Sorry to startle you. Are you working here?" the man asked. 

"Ahh yeah, sorry...I didn't mean too..." I stammered. "It's fine. Im Alan." the man said in a reassuring tone. 

"I own the place next door and heard the shower, obviously not expecting anyone down here so I thought the neighbourly thing to do was to investigate...and Im glad I did!" he said with a big grin. My cock, already semi hard began to thicken once more. Alan moved towards me as I stood on the spot, my now hard cock swaying in the breeze. 

"Relax" he said as he continued to ogle my young, toned body. As his eyes locked onto my manhood he licked his lips and asked if he could join me. I could only manage a nod of my head as the eager old man began removing his clothes. First, his red polo shirt that revealed his surprisingly hard abs and then his white shorts that exposed a gorgeous, thick 7" slab of meat and full drooping ballsack. 

My cock seemed to get even harder as Alan joined me under the running water and put his hands on my ass, pulling me in toward him as his tongue darted into my mouth and we began kissing like a pair of horny teenagers. My hand found its way to his thick, veiny cock as I felt the warm flesh thickening in my firm grip. 

"Do you like sucking old mens cocks?" Alan whispered in my ear. I dropped to my knees and went to work on his manhood. Starting by kissing and licking those huge balls I then ran my tongue up the length of his shaft before allowing the tip to enter my warm mouth. 

"Good boy" Alan moaned as my mouth slid down over his meaty monster and began to get into a rhythm. The thought of someone being able to see us out there on the back decking sucking this old mans hot dick made me feel insanely hot, and as Alan's moans grew louder I could feel his throbbing python begin to twitch and i knew his orgasm was starting to build from deep within. 

"Ungh Im cumming" was all Alan could manage to get out before he pumped my mouth full of thick creamy ropes of man juice which I happily accepted. 

My mouth began to tighten around him making sure nothing went to waste. After I had collected my delicious reward I opened my mouth to show Alan what a good little boy I had been before I swallowed the sweet nectar. As i stood up, Alan began to jerk my insanely hard cock as he kissed my neck. After a few seconds my cum was spraying all over the place and my knees were trembling. 

As i leaned back against the shower, reflecting on what had just happened, Alan patted my ass and asked me come around the following day to see about some maintenance at his place.

To be continued...