 I guess I've always known I was gay, I mean even as a child when we neighborhood kids would play 'doctor' I always wanted to give checkups to the boys not the girls. I also learned at an early age that it wasn't right for boys to play with other boy's privates. I grew up confused by my sexuality and lived a life of denial. Eventually I repressed my desires enough to have a relationship with a woman, and after a lengthy courtship, we married. 

We were the perfect couple and as I think back, I realize I was as much a 'beard' for her as she to me. I'm not trying to say my wife was gay but I think my lower libido (at least with a woman) was what she admired most in me. Although seldom, we did have sex and I can only imagine what went through her mind but it had to be in the line of 'doing her wifely duties'. As for me, I closed my eyes and fantasized about being in the boys showers after gym class. It didn't take long for us to understand neither of us wanted sex and it eventually disappeared all together from our marriage. This was not something we discussed it simply evolved and we were both happier for it. 

This was my life and I was committed to it with no thoughts on change. Then my boss sent me on a business trip to LA where the gods smiled down on me and I ended up with my staying in West Hollywood. My life changed forever the second I got out of the cab in front of my hotel. Right there were two guys sitting on a bench and they were kissing, no, they weren't just kissing they were making out. As I gawked, I also noticed no one else seemed to care as if it happened all the time. My life changed that moment and as soon as I checked in, I went looking for a man. I didn't have to go far, just the hotel bar to find my first hunk. He was so aggressive he was just what I needed for my first time; it was so erotic to let him do to me whatever he wanted. First, he invited me to sit and then began to fondle me under his table. I warned him that he was exciting me so much I was ready to have an accident. He instructed me to pull out my penis and then he had me ejaculate into his hand. First he licked my issue out of his palm, and then he leaned over and kissed me passing my sperm back to me with his tongue.

I took him to my room where for the first time in my life I was allowed to stare openly at another man's cock. You just don't understand the emotion involved in finally being able to achieve a lifelong fantasy. I dropped to my knees in front of this Adonis grasping his member in both hands holding it to my lips to get my first taste of maleness. He grabbed my head forcing his cock into my mouth but I choked trying to put all of him down my throat. When he pulled out, I looked up to him and told him I had never done this before. 

His whole demeanor changed after that and he said he wanted my first to be special. I told him I didn't want to wait any longer, that my hunger had gone too long for special treatment and that I just wanted to taste him. He sat down and spread his legs, inviting me to crawl between them. I feasted on him pushing as deep down my throat as I could. I held his balls in my hand and therefore knew when he was ready. I raised my head enough that when he came it was in my mouth not down my throat for I wanted to taste his issue and to enjoy the texture on my tongue. I was not disappointed as he rewarded me with blasts of his hot sticky fluids. It was not the taste, as I had tasted enough of my own spunk to know the taste; no, the act of receiving his sperm is what I longed for. It was only after I cleaned his cock with my tongue that I noticed I had climaxed along with him and I hadn't even taken my trousers off yet.

The rest of my trip was just a blur as I had sex with nameless guys in countless places all over that fair city. The only fly in the ointment was when I ventured outside the West Hollywood City limits. In all of my homo-erotic euphoria I failed to realize that once outside that city you were back to being an outsider. I met a man, he invited me to a quiet park restroom, and when I pulled down his pants to enjoy yet another cock to suck,I was arrested by an undercover vice cop.

The events that happened after that are still not clear to me, but somehow the local paper back home got the story and they ran with it front page news. My wife shocked and embarrassed immediately filed for divorce, my company claiming I had violated a moral clause fired me. As I look back, I'm shocked that I surprised so many people with my gayness; I guess I really was good at hiding in the closet.

As to my new life, I'd be afraid to ask for more. I've met a man and he has shown me that love transcends gender plus he's a great lay. Even my new job is the best I could ever hope for, unbelievably I'm a condom salesman, and all I do is travel around to gay bars selling my wears. Sometimes I even offer free demonstrations and believe me business is booming.