 He always threatened me with being exposed to my coworkers, to the world as the sissy I am to him. Usually it was part of what I thought was his dirty talk, sex talk. He'd tease me with it. He'd be deep inside of me, slow fucking me, talking dirty into my ear. Or he'd have me restrained and be masturbating me as part of 'my reward', as he called it, and would tease me when I was at the height of my sexual frenzy about the people at his business 'knowing' about me. He'd taken me to clubs before. He'd taken me out to gay bars very discreetly and he even got off on watching me dance with other men while dressed all girly girl femme for him, for them. But I never thought he'd actually expose me to my coworkers, to his employees. And I never thought he'd do it in front of them at a holiday party...

"Pull your pants down."

I look at him. He can't be serious. There are probably thirty-plus people in the room. It's our company holiday party. I feel my heart jump to my throat. He stares at me coldly. 

"Please, don't do this. Not here. You can't be serious."

I look sheepishly to him, implore him, whisper to him. My hushed tone heard by just a few standing near. I feel my face flush red.

"Oh my. This party just got very interesting."

A woman standing next to her husband leans in and smiles at him, then looks at back at me, then to my boss.

"He's actually going to do it people. He said he would, didn't believe him."

She laughs loudly, leans in and stares. He ignores her.

"Pull your pants down. Don't make me tell you again."

He glares at me, says it louder. 

I'm standing next to him. He sits in a chair and looks up at me. I feel his hand go to my rear. He slaps it hard over the top of my pants. As I bounce slightly forward I feel my face turn bright red. I choke up, can hardly breathe, many have turned to look at me.

"It's not like we don't know you're a faggot sissy boy."

A man from the warehouse shouts out from the middle of the room. He and two others laugh. The man that sits next to me, my boss, has had this man over to my house. He watched my boss whip me with a belt before I sucked both of them. He knows me all too well.

I start to take my pants down. I feel a tear in my eye, my face about to explode, bright, bright red. I take them down to my ankles exposing the pink lace underpants I wear underneath. They are the panties he specifically requested I wear.

"Ooooo, cute. And a little dick too, that is cute, cute, cute. You are robbing the cradle."

A lady on the other side of me laughs, comments to my boss. She reaches down and runs her hand up the lace on the side of my panties.

"They're almost like the ones I'm wearing."

She smiles at my boss. He smiles back at her. He turns to me.

"All the way off, shoes and sox too."

My boss looks up at me.

I do as he says. He is not only my boss. He's the man that owns me. I am his sex slave and have been in a deep S&M relationship with him for almost two years. I've done things for others but never been exposed at work. I've never been 'outed' to those I work with, not most anyway. Some know but have never seen me like this before.

"Does anyone need a drink? If you do, Princess will get it for you. Won't you, Princess?"

I can hardly speak.

"Yes."

"Yes, what!??!!

He shouts at me so the entire room can hear.

"Yes, Sir."

I feel my eyes fill with tears. My bright red face burns. All eyes are on me now.

"Take off that shirt, panties only. Tonight they all see. I need another drink. Let's go, Princess. My submissive little bitch gets introduced tonight. And starting next week will dress like the girl he is at the office. No more stupid 'boy' clothing."

I am perfectly and totally exposed in girly girl sissy underpants only. I am baby smooth from top to bottom. All eyes in the room are on me. He holds his glass out to me. Some in the room appear stunned. Others amused. And several are actively interested, staring at me. I take his glass. I move to the kitchen.

"You know you don't have to take this. Don't you find this humiliating? It's cruel. You really don't have to be abused like this."

A woman in the kitchen stands next to me. She followed me into the kitchen. She talks sternly. I say nothing. I start to get him another vodka on the rocks.

"Aren't you psychologically abused by all of this? I'd get my things and go home if I were you. This is definitely cruel. Even given that his business is about adult films. This is too much. I'd leave."

She seems truly concerned. She touches my hand. I ignore her. A man enters the room. 

"'Princess', I like that. I always thought you and him had something going on. Well, Princess it all just made my work days a lot more fun. The warehouse has talked about you for a long time."

I work with him. He is in my section of the office. I ignore him. The woman turns to him.

"Shut up, don't tease! It's mean."

I turn to her.

"It's okay. It really is. This is what I do, what I am for him. I do this willingly. I really do. I'll get used to it. You have no idea what I've gotten used to so far. Please, it's okay."

She looks at me stunned. I touch her hand.

As I pass the man at the door he blocks me.

"I'd heard about much of this. Maybe I should visit that house of yours."

I move under his arm, feel him slap my butt as I leave. I hurry back to my love, more accurately my master. I hand him his drink. 

"I brought a pair of my favorite shoes from your house, Princess. They are in my office. Go put them on. I've been planning this a while, most here already know about you."

He pats my butt. Several stare. Most have gone back to conversation, music drowning out some of the chatter.

I go to his office and see not only my shoes but my makeup bag. I know what he wants. It's too late to bolt and run. What good would it do anyway. I belong to this man. And if they know, so be it. I am his slave boy.

When I return to him I am in pink 4" spike heels, open toes with a thin little ankle strap at the top of each. I am perfectly made up too, like he likes. Deep pink lip gloss, dark mascara, huge lashes. I am his perfect sissy, up until now only behind closed doors. 

He motions me to him. I sit on the arm of his chair and feel his hand go to my butt. I am like his 'trophy', on display now as his cute sissy 'girl'.

"I have to say, he's almost like a girl. Totally."

The woman and her husband that have been talking with my boyfriend check me out.

"Almost. All except for that baby penis and his tiny balls. And he can't keep his hands off of that little thing. Tonight we solve that problem."

He reached down next to his chair. He pulls up a tiny box, gift wrapped with a large bow on it. He hands it to me.

"Open it, Princess."

Several have gathered around. As I open it my heart sinks. It's a penis harness, a locking cock cage. The package reads 'CB 6000'. I know what this is. I look at him. I am speechless.

He stands. He speaks loud so that the entire room can hear him. 

"Please turn down the music."

He looks around the room, sees his employees, their wives and husbands. He reaches down and takes my hand, pulls me up to his side.

"Many of you know about me, what I am, what I do. And tonight I'm sort of making it official. This is not just a holiday party. It's my official coming out party. And although this may be out of the ordinary, I love a kinky party. To say the least. We are all adults here and I know you can handle me."

Several laugh at that.

"Several of you know that about me. I'm coming out as a gay man, a gay man that has a very dominant side. That, and my announcement that I am engaged so to speak, to this little sissy girl here. Well, sort of a little girl. More a sissy boy, and more one I completely own and use."

Laughter fills the room. Then applause, some are nervously 'going along with it', others actively enjoying all of this. I am stunned. I stand with my eyes to the floor. I can't face them. I can't look at them.

"And I'm going to officially take Princess as mine tonight. Sort of marry this little sissy girl right here on the spot."

He takes the CB-6000 from my hand, turns to me.

"Pull your panties down, honey. Come on. Trust me."

He kisses my cheek.

I do as he requests, pull my panties down below my cheeks. My tiny penis bounces out in front of me. I have a pink ribbon on myself, up around my tiny balls. It pushes me out in front like he likes, big bow on top of my tiny penis and balls.

As the room watches he puts the cock harness on me. He stuffs me into it, locks it around my tiny balls. I feel the weight of it hang on me. He pats my butt, kisses my cheek again. He pulls me up to him and kisses me, French kisses me in front of them all.

"I may now spank the bride."

He slaps my butt so hard it reverberates through the room. I cry out. Most don't know what to do. They have never seen anything like this before. Tentatively, they start to applaud softly. I can say nothing. I stand before them, caged, panties down to my knees. I feel faint.

"Music. Everybody have more to drink. Let's get this celebration going."

He looks to me. He speaks quietly so only I hear him. He kisses my cheek, puts his arm around my shoulders, his lips close to my ear. 

"Pull those panties back up. If you ever expose yourself to anyone, without my permission, without me expressly giving you my consent, you'll spend a week in your punishment room. You're 100% mine now. I own that ass, the rest of you too. Go fix your lipstick."

"Daddy, I never...uhh...I'm so..."

"You'll get through this. It had to happen. And now at work you'll be the bosses wife. And you'll dress the part everyday."

He pats my butt, pushes me gently toward the offices so I can fix my makeup.

"When I got engaged it was with my dress on."

Two women laugh as I walk past them.

"And it wasn't with a chastity belt honey."

I walk passed them. I ignored the teasing. I got my things, fixed my makeup. I looked into the mirror at myself. I felt the tightness of the new locked cage holding me in place, making any chance of an erection impossible, making masturbation something I'll have to beg for from now on. As crazy as it may sound to others I liked what I saw in the mirror. I liked what I felt. I want to be that sissy girl in the mirror. I felt my little thing stir, strain at its cage as I thought about all it. I couldn't wait to prance, mince back into the room and be by my owner's side. I was fully out now and wanted it no other way.

I walked back to my 'husband', proudly so.