 My best friend John and I grew up together. We have known each other for 30 years. John is a straight 31 year old manly man, big and strong about 6 feet tall and weighs 250 lbs. He’s not all that good looking. I am also 31 years old, 6-3, 225 lbs, married and have never considered myself gay or bisexual. I have often fantasized about other men as most men do, but not to the point where I wanted to go out and try it.

Growing up, John and I would hang out with his older brother Mike. Mike was openly gay. Mike never made advances toward me, but he took John to several gay bars when John was younger. John told me about the times he went to these bars. He said guys would always hit on him, but he would always refuse their advances. I often questioned if John really refused the advances because he continued to go to gay bars with Mike for several years. Although I never told him, most of my gay fantasies would include John. The thought of him at gay bars turned me on for some strange reason. All these years have gone by and we have all fallen into life accordingly. John and I are straight and Mike is gay. 

Recently, John got a new job driving an 18 wheeler cross country. He drives a big truck between Phoenix and New York delivering everything from food to plastics. John is very excited about his new job and often asks me to go with him on short trips. I am always busy and have turned him down until last week. I was off work for a few days and agreed to ride with him to Albuquerque for a quick 2 day turn around. John picked me up and off we went.

During the trip, we talked about a lot of things. Since we have been friends so long, we tell each other everything there is to know about our women. He always complains about how his girlfriend doesn’t give him enough sex. I don’t have that problem, but I try to pretend like I understand anyway. The conversation shifted to what our women like sexually. I told John that my wife likes to have a finger inserted in her asshole while I eat her out. John started laughing and told me to stop before he got a hard on. Almost immediately, John told me how his girlfriend’s pussy gets really wet when he fucks her doggy style. 

As he was talking, I noticed John’s cock began to grow in his shorts. My cock started getting hard too. I told John to stop talking about sex or I would have to crawl into the sleeper cab and jack off. We began laughing together, but silently I began thinking about what it would be like to suck John’s cock. The thought of finally seeing John’s cock and giving him head really got me excited. I was getting so turned on, I could hardly stand it. I stared straight ahead trying to concentrate on not getting a raging hard on, but it was impossible. 

As the conversation continued, I looked over at John and saw that he was lightly rubbing his own cock through his shorts. My cock was so hard now, I could hardly sit still in my seat! Right then, John confessed that he likes to jack off when he is driving down the road. I couldn’t control myself any longer, so I told him, “don’t let me stop you. Go for it.” I didn’t really expect him to start jacking off in front of me. But the next thing I know, John flipped on the cruise control switch and pulled his cock out of the right side of his shorts. His dick was about 8 inches long and very thick, just as I had envisioned it. 

Without delay, John wrapped his right hand around the shaft of his cock and began stroking it. I could see the precum glistening on his cock as he began to stroke his cock faster and faster. Within a few seconds, I saw his cum beginning to lather on the web of his hand. John looked over at me and said, “go ahead, we are best friends.” I didn’t know if he meant that I should begin jacking off too, or if he wanted me to help him. At this point, I was so turned on that I went for it.



I unbuckled my seatbelt and stood up in the middle aisle of the truck cabin. I knelt down next to John as he continued to work his meat. I reached over and replaced my hand with his. He didn’t even flich. The feeling of having John’s cock in my hand was more than I could bare. His cock felt so warm and wet. I began slowing stroking it from the base to the uncircumsized head. My curiosity got the best of me, so I lowered my mouth onto the head of his huge cock. I slowly pushed my mouth over his cock, but couldn’t get a lot of it into my mouth. I had my lips wrapped around his cock head, but forced his cock deeper and deeper until I began to gag slightly. I didn’t care though. 

As I bobbed up and down on John’s cock, I could hear him begin to moan. I didn’t let up. I kept going at a steady pace, over and over again. John put his right hand on the back of my head and pushed himself deeper and deeper into my throat. I heard the truck engine begin to slow down and eventually stop. Then I heard the air brakes engage. John said, “fuck man. I gotta fuck something.” Without delay, I removed my mouth from John’s cock and told him, “I want you to fuck me.“ I walked to the opening of the sleeper cab and sat on the edge facing forward. John unbuckled his seatbelt and stepped into the center aisle with his stiff cock poking out of his shorts.

As John approached me, I began unbuttoning my Levi’s shorts. John reached down with both hands and pulled my shorts and underwear down to my ankles. I flipped them off of my feet and took my shirt off. I pushed myself all the way back into the sleeper cab and laid there naked. John ripped all of his clothes off and reached into a drawer just above my head. John’s cock was so massive! He pulled out a tube of jelly lube and poured some into his hand. He worked the lube onto his cock for a brief moment. I grabbed the tube and poured some onto my index finger. I spread my legs and rubbed the lube into my asshole. I stuck my finger into my tight ass. As I lay there on my back, I pulled my knees back with my hands, exposing my virgin anus to my best friend.  

John slowly stuck the head of his huge cock into my ass. It hurt so bad, but I didn’t want him to stop! I was finally revealing my longtime feelings to my best friend. John pushed his cock all the way into my ass. I felt the head of his cock stop at the end of my rectum. I was in disbelief that his cock was so long that it filled me all the way up. John slowly pumped his cock in and out. As the pain began to go away, I pulled John’s face down to mine and kissed him passionately. John said to me, “I’ve been waiting for this for ten years.” My suspicions were verified. I said to John, “me too. I want to make you happy.” John said, “you are. I want to make you happy too.” I said, “then cum in my mouth.” 

This turned John on and he began fucking me faster and faster. The faster he went, the closer he got to climaxing. He fucked me so hard my balls began to ache. In mid stride, he pulled his cock out of my ass and began to jerk off. I sat up just in time to catch his load in my mouth. I wrapped my mouth around his cock head and felt him ejaculate into my tonsils. I squeezed his cock from base to head and got every drop from within. It tasted so damned good I swallowed it all. He laid next to me as we were both so exhausted and sweaty. After a few minutes, John smiled and said, “now it’s your turn.” 

This 2 day trip turned into a 4 day trip because we stopped so many times. In the near future, I think I’ll make time for more trips.