 The next evening I rushed round to Andy's as soon as I could. I dressed almost the same as I did the night before, but I left my boxers off.

My thinking was two fold. Firstly I wanted Andy to see what a slut I was, but secondly if he couldn't make me wipe his cum up with my boxers, then he'd have to let me taste it!

He greeted me at the door topless, wearing just a pair of jeans, and I could already see the outline of his cock through them.

He wasted no time at all in pulling me inside quite roughly. Almost before he'd managed to shut the door he'd said "right bitch, I have a test for you tonight. Pass it and I may have a treat in store for you in the near future." Little did he know that what was going on already was treat enough for me - or so I thought at the time!

I was a little nervous at his forthright manner, but that didn't stop me from dropping straight to my knees and telling him I'd accept any test he'd care to give me.

He walked into his bedroom telling me to follow him. I'd expected him to drop his jeans so I could get hold of that beautiful cock again, but he sat on the corner of the bed and told me to strip. Well, that didn't take long!

He saw I had no underwear on and smiled, but made no comment.

He told me that the first part of my test that night was to go over his knee for a good spanking.

Again, I didn't hesitate. I bent over his knee, carefully fitting my erect cock between his denim clad knees. "You can put your cock there if you like" he said, " but you won't be cumming that way. It's your job to make me cum, not me you." I didn't say a word, I just lay there waiting for my spanking to start,

It didn't take long.

Now being submissive, and knowing that I am for some years, I've had various ex-girlfriends spank me. I could take that fairly well, but Andy was a different proposition altogether. He HURT!

I can feel myself getting embarrassed now telling you this, but before he'd finished he made me cry.

I sobbed and begged him to stop, but the strange thing is, although I wriggled I didn't once make the small effort needed to stand up, or even slide off his lap. Yes it hurt and yes I wriggled and sobbed, but I stayed there and took everything he gave me. 

Once he'd finished spanking me he told me two things that will never leave me.

One was that the spanking was for his pleasure not mine. He'd never do me any serious damage, but as the sub I had to take what he wanted to give me (he added that he was proud of me for taking what I had that time too).

The second thing resonated with me even more. He was glad that he'd made me cry.

As a sub he wanted me broken down. He wanted no barriers of pride or machismo and making me cry was helping to destroy that unwanted part of me.

I was kneeling in front of him while he told me all that, so I didn't have to be a genius to know what was coming next when he stood up, dropped his jeans and stepped out of them, and then walked towards me.

I was about to taste his cock for the first time, and it didn't disappoint!

I stared at it for a few seconds, my world seemed to stop all I could see was the slit in his helmet. It seemed to fill my vision. I stuck my tongue and gave a gentle lick right there, just the once along the length of his slit. I was rewarded by an almost imperceptible groan. This gave me courage so I stuck my tongue out again, this time licking gently down the entire length of his shaft, from his balls up to the tip and then back down again. I ran my tongue back up for a second run, but when I got to the tip Andy grabbed the back of my head and told me that I hadn't earned the right to tease him yet. I was his cock slave and had to be taught how to pleasure my Master. He started applying pressure to the back of my head, and I knew he wanted his cock deep inside my mouth. I opened up and took my Masters cock in as far as I could. He certainly seemed to appreciate my mouth because he ended up completely skull fucking me. I'd seen it in porno's, I'd never had the courage to try it with girlfriends though, and I certainly never expected to be on the receiving end of one!

I have to confess though, that the feeling of being used so completely for his pleasure gave me a hell of a rush.

All to soon he shot his hot spunk into my mouth. "Don't swallow yet." He ordered.

He made me dribble a little down my chin, and then swallow the rest. My first taste of his cum. I can't say I liked or disliked the taste of it, but I loved the action of both taking it and swallowing it.

And that was the end of my second session with my new Master. I was told to get dressed and go. I was just about to wipe my chin, when Andy stopped me. He told me I was to walk home with his cum drying on my face. Thankfully it was nearly dry by the time I was dressed and no-one would have noticed it on me, but I felt hyper sensitive to peoples gazes on the way home. I felt that everyone knew I'd just been turned into a cock hungry cum slut. It was frightening, but really exciting, both at the same time.