 *Author's note: Any and all persons engaging in any sexual activity are at least eighteen years of age.

Disclaimers: Yes I need an editor; no, I do not want an editor. Yes there's too many people to keep track of, yes it jumps around too much, yes it's too long, yes it's too short, yes it's in the wrong category, yes it is stupid shit, and yes, I am a horrible writer, barely legible, barely literate.

For those of you that have not hit your backspace key, I hope you enjoy this flash tale.

*.*.*

To everyone that knew them, Thomas Bordelon and Michelle Aucoin were the perfect couple, the 'two peas in a pod.' Both had carrot orange hair, hers long and limp, his tightly coiled, both had a plethora of freckles on their pasty white skin, and both were fairly tall.

He played football, basketball and baseball. And she, being too ungainly to do the kicks and leaps and dances of the cheerleaders, sat in the bleachers and screamed.

Thomas hated, loathed being called 'Tommy' but Michelle was able to get away with it.

Shortly before high school graduation, after a fairly energetic bout of sex, Michelle dropped a little bomb on Thomas.

"I uh, my aunt? Well, she's actually my dad's aunt that would make her what? My great-aunt? Anyway, she had a fall so my dad's sister is staying there with her, but as soon as we graduate, I'm going there take care of her," Michelle said.

"Okay; where's she live?" Thomas asked after his disappointment wore off.

"Jackson," Michelle shrugged, pulling her tee shirt on over her bare breasts. "And since I'm thinking I want to be a nurse? This is like kind of right up my alley, right?"

A week after their graduation, Thomas and Michelle kissed each other good bye. With Michelle's father standing right there, shooting disapproving looks at Thomas, they kept the public display of affection to a minimum. Then she got into her dad's truck and Mr. Aucoin drove away.

At first they called, they texted each other almost hourly. Then, after two weeks, Michelle's accessibility began to slide. At four weeks, their nearly hourly contacts dwindled to once or twice every two days and were often short, terse.

So, five weeks after Michelle got into her father's truck to go to Jackson, Mississippi, Thomas jammed some clothes into an old nylon gym bag and bought a bus ticket to Jackson, Mississippi, to surprise his sweetheart.

The bus was crowded when it pulled to a stop in front of the DeGarde Inn. Thomas scanned the dimly lighted interior for a vacant seat and found none. He then saw a man wave him over to the empty seat next to him.

"Thanks," Thomas said to the handsome man.

"Welcome," the older man said.

The man had dark brown hair, with some flecks of gray, deep brown eyes with some crow's feet at the corners, and a strong, handsome face.

He was neatly dressed in pullover shirt and khaki slacks and suede loafers, with matching suede belt.

The bus pulled away and began the long journey north-east.

Twenty minutes into the trip, Buddy put his papers into a small attaché case and turned and smiled at Thomas.

"Hey there; I'm Buddy," he said, offering a meaty paw.

"Thomas," Thomas said, shaking the strong hand.

Thomas was grateful his seatmate was a talkative man. In his impetuous decision, he'd forgotten his IPad, and his phone showed low battery.

"So, where you headed?" Buddy asked.

"Jackson, see my girlfriend," Thomas admitted.

At Paulton, their last long stop before making the three and a half hour trek to Jackson, Mississippi, they munched on bus station sandwiches.

"So, you're just going to show up, unannounced?" Buddy asked.

"Uh, yeah," Thomas said.

He didn't want to say it out loud, but he was pretty sure Michelle had found herself a new boyfriend while helping her great-aunt. He planned to confront her, face to face.

"Hmm, be about twelve o'clock when we get there," Buddy said, glancing at his watch. "Cab ride, probably looking at twelve thirty, one o'clock by the time you get there. Pretty sure her aunt wouldn't appreciate you just popping up like that."

Thomas agreed with Buddy; it would be unwise to show up, unannounced on the doorstep at a late hour.

"Got a room already at the Cottage Inn," Buddy said. "Why not just crash there? Go see your sweetie in the morning."

"Sure, thanks!" Thomas agreed.

They dozed off and on during the bus trip east to Jackson.

Once in Jackson, Buddy guided the nearly catatonic young man to a cab and gave the driver the address.

In the lobby, Thomas sat heavily on a couch in the lobby while Buddy got a room key from the girl at the counter.

"Come on; we're in room two twenty one," Buddy said, waking Thomas from a slumber.

"'Bout time you got here," another man said when Buddy and Thomas entered the room.

"Uh huh," Buddy smiled. "Know how it is; damned bus has to stop at any town that has a light post, huh?"

Thomas noticed that the other man, a man in his late thirties, early forties, was dressed in only a pair of white cotton briefs, had a smooth muscular chest and muscled legs with a fine patina of dark hair. He was a handsome man, with light brown hair and light brown eyes and a broad smile on his tanned face.

"And who's this?" the other man asked, getting off the bed.

"Greg, this is Thomas; picked him up on the bus," Buddy said.

"Hey, Greg Morehouse," Greg said, shaking Thomas's hand.

"Thomas, why don't you grab a shower?" Buddy suggested and Thomas nodded, entering the small bathroom.

The warm water did revive him slightly and he made quick work of scrubbing off the road grime. Opening his gym bag, he saw yet another sign of his impetuous decision. He'd packed only a set of clean clothes for the next day, but no pajamas.

He shrugged and pulled on the clean underwear, a pair that Michelle had bought for him. They were bright red, the front panel attached to the rear panel of bright red by a thin red rope.

He used his finger to brush his teeth; at least he did remember to bring some toothpaste.

Then, with teeth gritted, he left the bathroom.

"Nice," Buddy complimented as he got off the bed.

Thomas goggled; both Buddy and Greg were now nude. And both men sported long, thick erections.

Greg had a smooth chest, but Buddy had a mat of dark hair covering chest and belly and legs.

"Going shower; Greg says I stink," Buddy said and entered the bathroom.

Greg smiled but said nothing as Thomas cautiously walked around the bed and got in on the other side.

There was no couch or chair in the room; the only furniture was the bed, a small nightstand and lamp, which glowed dully with its forty watt bulb, and a low dresser with flat screen television.

Thomas lay down and looked at the television.

His eyes opened wide and his mouth dropped open; on the screen was a young man being sodomized by another young man.

Thomas watched in mute fascination as the two men grunted and groaned over the horrible synthesizer music.

"I'm going come, I'm going come," one of the men said.

"Oh yeah, the other man groaned.

Greg leisurely stroked his cock as the young man pulled his cock out of the other young man's ass and began squirting an obscene amount of semen onto the back and ass of his friend.

The scene changed to show one young man on all fours, a large cock in his mouth and another large cock in his ass.

"You can pull yours you want to," Greg said.

"Huh?" Thomas asked as the bathroom door opened.

"Said you can whack off you want to," Greg offered as a still nude Buddy entered the room, skin still damp from his shower.

"I uh, no thanks," Thomas stuttered.

"Scoot over," Buddy ordered, approaching Thomas's side of the bed.

"Yeah you do; you're rock hard," Greg said.

Thomas didn't want to, but he had no choice but to scoot toward the center of the bed.

Buddy got in and began leisurely stroking his resurging erection.

"I uh, what?" Thomas asked Greg.

"Your dick, you're rock hard," Greg said as the scene on the television showed the three young men thrusting and grunting in pleasure.

Thomas looked down and saw that his cock was tenting, stretching the front of his nylon micro-briefs.

"It's just us jack-off buddies here," Buddy said. "Go ahead, pull your pud."

"Want me do it for you?" Greg offered.

Before Thomas could assent or disapprove, Greg reached over and pulled down the front of Thomas's briefs, Freeling Thomas's cock.

"Oh, hey, that's a nice one," Greg approved as he pulled Thomas's briefs down to just below his heavy balls.

"Yeah that is," Buddy agreed. "Love that hair."

Thomas's cock was nearly as long and as fat as his two bed-mates. He had just a little tuft of carrot orange hair sprouting just above his throbbing, twitching cock, and only a few strands on his pale ball sac.

"Or you rather I blow you?" Greg asked as he lightly stroked Thomas's cock.

Thomas couldn't answer.

He'd played football, basketball, baseball. He had a girlfriend. They were going to marry, have a bunch of little red headed devils breaking young girls' heart. They would have a bunch of little red headed princesses trailing a string of young men behind them.

And Thomas had secretly checked out the equipment of his friends. When they showered together, he'd look at Davante Moulette's long black cock. He'd check out Hank Gremillion's chubby cock and hanging balls.

"Blow me," Thomas managed to gasp as the scene on the television showed a young man squatting onto a large black cock.

Greg's mouth encircled the head of Thomas's cock and Thomas almost squealed.

Michelle would suck Thomas's cock, for a moment or two, never to completion. She didn't like it and her dislike showed in her execution. Clumsy, almost painful.

Greg liked to suck cock and it showed as he bobbed his head up and down on Thomas's rigid pole.

"I uh, Mr. uh Greg I'm getting close," Thomas warned in a strangled voice.

Greg murmured, letting Thomas know he'd heard him. He worked Thomas's underwear down a little more, then brought his hand up and toyed with Thomas's heavy balls as his suction increased on the head of Thomas's cock.

"Ugh!" Thomas cried out and began pumping a hot stream of his semen into Greg's sucking mouth.

Greg swallowed the boy's load. When Thomas's cock quit spurting, Greg let the young man's cock slip from his lips and sat back against his mound of pillows.

"So? How was it?" Buddy asked.

"You know, younger the berries, sweeter the juice," Greg chuckled and resumed stroking his hard cock.

On the screen a young man knelt, alternating between sucking one of the two cocks in front of him.

"Think you could return the favor?" Buddy asked Thomas.

"You uh, you want me to uh, to suck his cock?" Thomas asked, voice still quite strangled.

"Uh huh," Buddy said and nodded with his head toward the screen.

The young pornographic actor was now taking both cocks into his stretched mouth, tongue flickering over both cock heads.

Greg smiled at Thomas and nodded his own head toward his thick slab of meat.

Thomas hesitated for a long moment, then rolled onto his side and bent at the waist. He reached out a trembling hand and took Greg's large cock and took his mouth over the head of the man's cock.

"Oh yeah," Greg sighed as he could feel the young man's shaking hand begin to stroke the length of cock that did not fit into his mouth.

Thomas yelped slightly when Buddy pulled the back of his micro-briefs down, exposing his pale buttocks. Then Buddy's hand massaged Thomas's pale Buttocks, squeezing and rubbing.

Thomas groaned pleasurably as Buddy's squeezes became more forceful.

He salivated over Greg's cock, lubricating his stroking hand.

"God, kid, here it, uh, oh man, here it comes," Greg groaned and bounced his hips a few times.

"Ugh!" Thomas yelped around Greg's cock as Buddy wormed a finger into his tightly clenched anus.

"Oh yeah," Greg grunted and began to pump his semen into Thomas's sucking mouth.

The taste was salty, bitter, gluey. The texture was slimy, unpleasant.

Thomas swallowed, humming in pleasure as Buddy fucked his finger in and out of his tight hole.

"Damn kid, damn that's good," Greg groaned as Thomas continued to slurp noisily on his wilting cock.

"Yeah? He sucks cock good?" Buddy asked.

"Oh God yeah," Greg groaned.

"Here, kid, show Uncle Buddy what a sweet mouth you got," Buddy demanded, pulling his finger from Thomas's ass and leaning back against his mound of pillows.

Thomas wiggled out of his briefs and knelt between the two men. He took Buddy's large cock into his mouth and began to stroke and suck the hot piece of meat.

Greg rolled onto his side and watched the eighteen year old man's hungry action. He wet two fingers in his mouth, then brought the two fingers up to Thomas's ass.

"Mm hmm," Thomas murmured approval as Greg began to finger fuck Thomas's ass.

Damn kid; you been holding out on me? Huh? You a cock sucker?" Buddy playfully accused.

"Am now," Thomas mumbled around Buddy's cock and the two older men chuckled.

"Damn, Buddy, boy's got a sweet hole," Greg said as he corkscrewed the two fingers in and out of Thomas's back door.

"Yeah?" Buddy grunted as Thomas brought him closer to orgasm.

"Oh yeah," Greg agreed, now scissoring his two fingers apart inside of Thomas's ass. "This is one nice ass."

"Well, I get it first," Buddy panted, then groaned as he began to shoot his sperm into Thomas's sucking mouth.

Thomas's own cock twitched and throbbed with excitement as he again swallowed a man's sperm.

"Aw!" he complained as Greg pulled his fingers from his ass.

"Lay down, boy, let me give you a good nut suck," Greg offered.

Thomas eagerly rolled onto his back.

Greg tongued Thomas's scrotum, then took one heavy testicle into his mouth.

"Argh!" Thomas grunted; it was almost painful.

Then Greg released the sensitive ball and again swiped his tongue all over Thomas's scrotum before taking the other ball into his mouth.

On the screen, a young man lay on his back while another young man plowed his ass. Kneeling at the young man's face were two more cocks. He alternated between the two cocks, stroking one while sucking on the other.

"Oh God," Thomas groaned as waves of pleasure welled up in his guts.

Greg sucked and lightly nibbled on Thomas's nut sack, then licked his way up to the head of Thomas's throbbing cock. Then he took the head of Thomas's cock in his mouth and Thomas grunted in orgasm.

Thomas slumped back when he was finished shooting his sperm and Greg pulled his mouth off of the wilting cock.

"How 'bout you getting on them knees?" Buddy asked and Thomas eagerly got on all fours in the middle of the bed.

"Aw yeah, that's what I like," Buddy chuckled as he knelt behind Thomas.

"Ugh!" Thomas cried out as he could feel the head of Buddy's fat cock press against his anus.

"Ugh!" he grunted louder as Buddy pressed the head of his cock in a few millimeters.

"Here, kid, something shut you up," Greg chuckled kneeling in front of Thomas.

Thomas opened his mouth, even as his eyes goggled. Buddy shoved another few millimeters in and Greg shoved his cock into Thomas's mouth.

"God, boy's cherry, got to be," Buddy groaned as he could feel the young man's rectal muscles trying to expel him.

"Sweet mouth though," Greg groaned as he forced his cock into Thomas's slurping mouth.

"Oh it's sweet, it's sweet," Buddy assured his friend.

"Ugh!" both Thomas and Buddy cried out as Buddy's large cock head pushed past Thomas's sphincter.

"Oh God!" Thomas sobbed as pain and pleasure fought each other.

Buddy looked down and saw the young man's light brown anus stretched wide to accommodate Buddy's girth.

"Sweet, so sweet," he crooned as he continued to push forward.

Then he pulled out until just the head of his cock was in the tight hole.

"Ugh! Both Thomas and Buddy grunted again as Buddy again began to push his cock in.

Greg held onto the back of Thomas's head as he began to force his cock into Thomas's throat.

Buddy grabbed onto Thomas's hips and pushed in, deeper and deeper.

"Ugh!" Thomas sobbed as the pleasure began to overwhelm the pain.

"He could feel Greg's coarse pubic hair against his lips and realized, he had the man's cock in his mouth; he had all of Greg's cock fucking his face.

Then he could feel Buddy's coarse pubic hair rasping against his sore anus.

He shuddered in pleasure as both men began to pull out. Then both men were pushing in again.

"Damn, I ain't going last long,' Buddy complained.

"Fuck, me neither," Greg almost whined as Thomas's tongue lapped around his flesh, Thomas's throat muscles swallowed.

"Fuck, little fucker's got a sweet hole, man,' Buddy gasped and groaned.

"Ugh!" Greg groaned and began to pump his semen into Thomas's throat.

"Ugh, aw shit!" Buddy groaned and Thomas could feel a warmth spread through his bowels.

After a few shuddering moments, the two men pulled their shrinking cocks from the young man.

"God, love the sight of my spunk dripping out a nice tight ass," Buddy wheezed as his semen began oozing out of Thomas's stretched anus.

"Damn, Buddy, fucked him good, huh?" Greg agreed, looking at the semen as it dripped and trickled down Thomas's thighs.

"Fuck yes," Buddy agreed.

From somewhere, Greg produced three cans of beer. From somewhere, Buddy found a flask of whisky.

The three men passed the flask back and forth, taking a slug from the flask, and then taking a gulp of the barely cool beer.

"Boy's got a stiffy again," Buddy chuckled as he crushed his empty beer can.

"I sucked it twice, your turn," Greg said and crushed his own beer can.

"You know I don't do that," Buddy chuckled.

Greg smirked at Buddy, but bent and took Thomas's hard dick into his mouth. Buddy got out of the bed and wobbled to the bathroom.

Thomas could hear running water. Then Buddy returned, shaking his limp dick.

Thomas was quick to ejaculate, filling Greg's mouth with semen. Then Greg grabbed Thomas's legs and pulled the boy until he was lying flat on the bed.

Then Greg got between Thomas's legs and gripped his cock.

"Ugh!" Thomas grunted in pain as Greg jammed the head of his hard cock into Thomas's ass.

"Ugh!" he cried out again as Greg pulled out, then jammed his cock in again.

"Ugh!" he grunted when Greg's pubic bone rested firmly against his stretched, sore anus.

Then the man put Thomas's ankles onto his broad shoulders and began to fuck Thomas.

"Ugh!" both men grunted as Greg pounded his fat cock in and out of Thomas.

"Ugh, oh, aw shit!" Greg cried out and pumped his semen into the young man's bowels.

Again, three cans of now lukewarm beer was produced. Thomas suddenly bolted out of the bed and barely managed to make it to the commode before his bowels forcefully emptied. For several long moments afterward, he sat, shivering and sweating as his guts cramped up.

Finally, the crisis seemed to have passed and he shakily left the bathroom.

"All right?" Buddy asked, moving toward the center of the bed.

"Yeah," Thomas wheezed as he climbed into the bed.

He did not know what time it was when he woke up. A check at the heavily curtained window showed him that it was still dark outside. The television still showed scenes of young men sucking each other's cocks, fucking each other up the ass.

Thomas got out of the bed and went into the bathroom. Again, he emptied his bowels forcefully.

Then he brushed his teeth with his finger, grabbed his gym bag and stepped quietly into the room again.

He found his micro-briefs, slipped them on, then dressed.

Neither Buddy nor Greg had roused from their slumber.

Thomas located a wallet and in the light given off by the pornographic images, found two one hundred dollar bills.
