 Author's Note: Any and all persons engaging in any sexual activity are at least eighteen years of age.

Disclaimers: This is a flash story. Yes, I need an editor but no, I do not want an editor. Yes there's too many people to keep track of. Yes it jumps around too much. Yes it's too short, yes it's too long. Yes this is stupid shit and yes I cannot write legible, literate stories.

For those of you that have not hit the backspace key, I hope you enjoy this little tale.

*/*/*

They were sweethearts from the moment they'd seen one another that first day of school at St. Thomas Aquinas High School.

Thomas Bordelon hated being called 'Tommy' but when Michelle Aucoin did, it was all right.

He grew to six feet, one inches and she grew to five feet, nine inches. So, when she put on her high heeled shoes, it put her at the perfect height to kiss his smiling lips.

The two red heads just knew they'd marry and have plenty of red headed devils breaking little girls' hearts, and little red headed princesses trailing a long line of boys behind them.

The first time they made love, it was horrible. She screamed and bled and his erection wilted immediately.

But the two eighteen year olds persevered and the second time quickly led to a third and fourth time. Only sanity, and fear of her father kept the two from running to Las Vegas to get married.

Shortly before high school graduation, Michelle sprang a little surprise on Tommy; she was going to Jackson, Mississippi, to stay with her aunt for the summer.

"You know how my dad is," she moaned. "'You're getting too serious; you're too young.' So he thinks going and visiting my aunt will somehow slow us down, huh?"

Tommy didn't like it, not at all, but watched her board the Greyhound that would take her from the DeGarde Inn in DeGarde, Louisiana, to Jackson, Mississippi for the nine hour ride. She'd be away two and a half months until she'd return. Then they would both attend the University of Louisiana at DeGarde.

He planned on studying Business Administration; she planned on studying nursing. And somewhere in there, they were sure, they would marry.

Cell phones, face time, text messages flew back and forth furiously for the first two weeks.

Then her accessibility began to slip away.

Four weeks after she boarded the Greyhound, Tommy could tell that Michelle was terribly distracted. She did thank him for the flowers he'd sent her for her nineteenth birthday, did tell him that she missed him terribly, no, there was nothing wrong.

So, Thomas decided to go see her, do what he could to keep her love 

The bus was fairly crowded when it pulled in front of the DeGarde Inn. Thomas had just his carry-on bag and he held onto it as he boarded the bus.

A smiling man of about thirty five, forty years old waved Thomas over, indicating the vacant seat next to him.

"Thanks," Thomas said.

"Welcome," the man said and returned to reading some papers.

The bus pulled away and Thomas wished he'd remembered to bring his IPad. A quick check of his phone revealed that the battery was already pretty low. He almost slapped his forehead; the cord was on his desk at home.

"Where you heading?" the older man asked.

Thomas looked at the handsome man and shrugged.

Buddy was about the same height as Thomas and was also muscular. Thomas was wearing a pair of shorts and a tee shirt, Buddy wore a nice pullover shirt and khakis. He kept his brown hair, with a few flecks of gray cut very short and his brown eyes had a few crow's feet in the corners.

"Jackson; my girlfriend's there staying at her aunt's house," she said.

They talked quietly as the bus rumbled north-east.

Thomas was grateful for Buddy, the man he was seated next to. Had Buddy not been a talkative man, he would have been dying of boredom.

"She expecting you?" Buddy asked as they munched on some bus station sandwiches at the Paulton bus station; their last long stop before travelling east on I-20 to Jackson, Mississippi.

"No, I uh, I thought I'd surprise her," Thomas admitted.

Buddy looked quizzical for a moment, then shrugged his shoulders.

"Uh, son, I uh, she doesn't know you're coming, you might want to wait until morning before you go on over to her aunt's house, huh?" Buddy suggested.

He glanced at his heavy watch.

"I mean, shit, it'll be almost one o'clock in the morning when we get there. Cab ride, hell, you're probably looking at one thirty, two o'clock in the morning by the time you get to the house," he said. "I'm sure her aunt really wouldn't appreciate you just popping up at one thirty, two o'clock in the morning, huh?"

Thomas looked concerned.

"Tell you what, son," Buddy said. "Got a reservation at the Cottage Inn; got some business take care of in Jackson before I get back to Chicago; just crash with me then tomorrow morning you can go see your sweetie, all right?"

Thomas smiled and nodded in agreement.

They dozed off and on as the bus slowly made its way down I-20. Buddy woke Thomas up when they stopped in Jackson, then guided the boy over to a waiting cab.

Thomas was still sluggish when they arrived at the cheap, comfortable motel. Buddy did all the paperwork, then guided Thomas down a corridor to a room.

"Room two twenty one," she smiled and jammed the key card into the slot.

"Now, why don't you grab a quick shower?" Buddy suggested as he placed his small suitcase and lap top case on the rack.

Thomas did enter the bathroom, did adjust the taps and did get a shower going.

The warm water did rouse him slightly; he wasn't yawning non-stop by the time he shut off the taps.

A search through his small gym bag showed him he'd not packed very well for this trip. He shrugged on the same tee shirt he'd worn that day, wadded up his shorts and underwear and stuck them into a pocket on the gym bag. He then left the bathroom.

Thomas did goggle slightly when Buddy smiled at him from the bed.

Buddy lay against a few of the pillows, completely nude. His chest was covered with a mat of dark hair, his muscled belly had a slight carpet of hair, and his legs also had a carpet of hair.

Buddy's cock was hard, a fat cock that was just as long and thick as Thomas's seven inches, and his balls were two large egg shaped balls in a large pouch.

"Better?" Buddy asked as he got out of the bed, hard cock swaying.

"I uh, yes sir," Thomas said.

"Good," Buddy said and closed the door of the bathroom.

Thomas looked again, but there was just the one bed in their room.

So he took the opposite side that Buddy had been lounging on.

The television was on; Thomas had not paid it any attention. He'd been too shocked at the sight of Buddy's nude body, hard, fat cock.

But now as he lay back against the pillows, he looked at the television screen.

Buddy had obviously found a pornographic channel. On the screen, two young men knelt down and took turns sucking on a third man's cock.

Thomas had seen pornography before. Even with a girlfriend, even with an active sex life, he still liked looking at pornography on his IPad, his computer.

He liked looking at blondes with big tits, Asians with shaved pussies, girls taking massive cocks in their tiny little ass holes (Michelle emphatically refused Thomas anal sex).

But he had never looked at, had never even thought of looking at gay porn.

The third man ejaculated, squirting his semen all over the smiling faces of his two cock suckers.

Thomas continued to goggle as a now freshly showered Buddy slid into the bed next to him.

On the screen, a young man was sucking an immense cock, then he turned and the immense cock slid into the young man's ass, almost effortlessly.

"Like this?" Buddy chuckled.

"Huh?" Thomas asked, tearing his eyes away from the almost violent action on the screen.

Buddy leisurely stroked his resurging erection and nodded with his head toward the small tent in Thomas's tee shirt.

"I uh, I mean, fuck, it was on and..." Thomas protested.

"Hey, hey, what?" Buddy chuckled. "Like I'm going tell Michelle you got a boner looking at some gay action?"

They continued to watch the young man as the large battering ram continued to pound his ass. Buddy slowly, leisurely continued to stroke his cock.

"You uh, you can pull yours if you want," Buddy suggested as the large cock squirted an enormous load of juice onto the young man's ass.

"I uh, no thanks," Thomas mumbled as two men sucked each other's cocks in a sixty nine.

"It all right if I stroke it for you?" Buddy asked.

"Huh?" Thomas asked, tearing his eyes from the oral sex scene.

"Just..." Buddy said and flipped the hem of Thomas's tee shirt up, revealing Thomas's throbbing twitching cock and heavy balls and crinkly carrot orange pubic hair.

"Man, that's a pretty cock," Buddy complimented as he switched his left hand from his own cock to take Thomas's cock in his large hand.

"Ugh!" Thomas gulped at the contact.

"Aw yeah, that is a nice one," Buddy said as he lightly stroked up and down the length of Thomas's cock.

On the screen, one young man was now fingering his friend's ass while he continued to suck his friend's cock.

"Let me know when you get close, all right?" Buddy asked as he gently sped up his stroking.

The scene switched to show the same two young men, one now squatting over the other's cock.

"Ugh!" Thomas grunted as the young man took inch after inch of his friend's cock up his ass.

"Getting close?" Buddy asked as he took a slightly firmer grip of Thomas's cock.

"Think so," Thomas gulped as he could feel his balls beginning to get that tingling feeling.

Then Buddy leaned over and took the head of Thomas's fat cock into his mouth.

"Erg!" Thomas cried out and loosed a torrent of his sperm into Buddy's mouth.

Michelle performed oral sex, somewhat grudgingly. But she did not like to swallow. She would swallow if there was a can of beer nearby for her to wash the taste of Thomas's sperm out of her mouth.

Buddy swallowed all Thomas had to give, stroked Thomas's cock to make sure he got all of Thomas's semen.

Then Buddy let Thomas's cock slide out of his mouth. The older man sat back and began to stroke his own cock as the gay action on the television continued to play.

"I uh, I'm getting pretty close here," Buddy said.

"Huh?" Thomas asked, head still whirring and buzzing.

"I uh, I did you," Buddy suggested.

Thomas hesitated for a long moment, then leaned over and took the fat head of Buddy's uncircumcised cock into his trembling mouth.

"And, here, oh yeah, that's it Baby, use that tongue, ugh! Ugh!" Buddy grunted and thrust his cock into Thomas's mouth.

Thomas almost pulled his head away as Buddy's cock twitched then spat a hot load of salty, bitter semen into his mouth.

He swallowed, not knowing what else to do and more semen filled his mouth. He swallowed again and a smaller amount replaced that mouthful.

"Oh damn that was good," Buddy groaned happily as his limp cock fell from Thomas's lips.

Thomas's head was whirring and buzzing worse than before as he sat back against his mound of pillows.

On the screen, a young man was sucking on a cock and fingering the man's ass hole.

Then the young cocksucker wiggled around and put his cock at the other' man's ass hole.

"Man, oh man, you liked that, huh?" Bubby asked.

Thomas did not answer, just looked at Buddy while the television screen showed the two young men fucking.

"You, your cock's hard again," Buddy nodded with his head toward Thomas's lap.

Thomas looked down and his cock was twitching, throbbing in excitement.

"Here, why don't we..." Buddy crooned as he wiggled himself down toward the foot of the bed.

He gently tugged on Thomas's feet, pulling the young man more toward the foot of the bed.

Then he lay on his side and rolled Thomas onto his side and slipped his mouth around the head of Thomas's cock.

Buddy's cock was right at face level with Thomas and Thomas again took another man's cock into his mouth.

Michelle was a reluctant cock sucker and had very little technique. Buddy was an enthusiastic cock sucker and easily swallowed Thomas down to the root. While he sucked and slurped on Thomas's cock, his hand played with Thomas's balls.

Thomas wasn't able to get all of Buddy's cock into his mouth, but he did stroke Buddy's cock with one hand while his other hand played with Buddy's heavy balls.

"Mmph!" he grunted as Buddy traced a spittle lubricated finger around Thomas's tightly crinkled anus.

"Mmph!" he grunted around the head of Buddy's cock as the spittle wet finger slid into his rectum.

Buddy used his other hand to pull Thomas's buttocks apart and jammed a second finger into Thomas's ass.

"Ugh!" Thomas cried out and spurted a thick load into Buddy's mouth.

Buddy continued to stroke his fingers in and out of Thomas's ass while his mouth milked Thomas's spurting cock.

Then he gently pulled his cock from Thomas's mouth and rolled Thomas onto his back.

"Huh? Uh! Hey, Nuh uh!" Thomas protested.

"Shh, shh!" Buddy said as he used his muscular arms to pull Thomas's legs far apart.

He pushed his spittle wet cock head to the mouth of Thomas's ass and pushed in.

Thomas's eyes opened wide as a searing wave of pain radiated from his anus outward.

"No, stop!" he whined as Buddy used his weight to shove Thomas's legs up, knees into Thomas's chest.

"Ugh, oh God that's a tight hole," Buddy groaned as another inch slid into Thomas's virgin ass.

"Buddy, please," Thomas sobbed, tears of pain trickling down his freckled face.

"Shh, shh, almost there Baby boy," Buddy groaned and pulled halfway out of the protesting hole.

Then he forced his way in, sliding more of his cock in.

The pain slowly began to fade. A curious warmth began to build up in Thomas's guts as Buddy pulled his cock almost all the way out, then jammed all of himself into Thomas's bowels.

"Ugh!" Thomas grunted as Buddy began to fuck him.

Buddy hammered his large cock in and out of Thomas's ass, then with a yelp, stiffened and pumped a hot stream of semen into Thomas's ass.

When Buddy regained his breath, he pulled his slimy cock from Thomas's ass, then bent and sucked Thomas's aching cock.

"Ugh!" Thomas grunted as he shot a thin dribble into Buddy's hot mouth.

"So what time you want to get to your girlfriend's?" Buddy asked.

"Huh?" Thomas asked, waking up.

"I mean, it's nine thirty; what time you planning on getting there?" Buddy asked as he stood at the foot of the bed, still nude.

"Huh? Oh! I uh I guess when I can get there," Thomas said, struggling out of the bed.

"Oh, you got another stiffy," Buddy chuckled. "You need me take care of that for you?"

Thomas's cock actually jerked at the thought.

"Here," Buddy said, gently pushing Thomas back onto the bed.

Again, the two men assumed a side by side sixty nine position.

Buddy's cock slowly responded to Thomas's sucking and stroking.

Just as the last spurts of his own climax quit shooting, Thomas's mouth again filled with Buddy's semen.

Then he dressed into the clothes he'd brought with him.

"Good luck," Buddy said as he dressed in a nice button down shirt and a pair of khakis.

The cab ride was expensive, almost emptying his wallet. The neighborhood was a rundown neighborhood; many of the houses looked abandoned.

"You sure?" the Jamaican cab driver asked as they both looked at the house.

"Yeah," Thomas agreed.

He knocked on the door. Loud music thumped and boomed from the dark interior.

"Yeah?" A surly looking African-American male asked, scratching at his belly.

"I uh, Michelle here?" Thomas asked.

"Yeah, hold up," the man said and walked away.

Thomas heard 'Bitch' and 'Cracker' and 'Door' over the music.

"You sure he..." Michelle asked as she was pulling on a tee shirt over her skimpy panties.

Her eyes went wide and her face looked horrified when she saw Thomas standing on the crumbling porch.

"Tommy! What are you doing here?" she screamed.

"Surprise," Thomas said weakly, then turned and walked away.

He heard a minor commotion behind him, but did not bother to turn and look.

The cab driver had not made it out of the neighborhood and Thomas flagged him down.

"Wrong house?" the man asked.

"Yeah," Thomas agreed. "Take me to Greyhound, huh?"

Thomas had a two hour wait and bought some overpriced powdered doughnuts and a cup of bitter coffee. He then sat and waited.

Thirty minutes before his bus was called, he saw Buddy enter the terminal. Next to Buddy was a slightly befuddled looking young man. Their eyes met and Thomas smiled and shrugged. Buddy smiled and winked as he herded the young man toward the ticket counter.

*/*/*

On the bus ride home, Thomas sat at the window as the bus slowly, steadily filled. In Vicksburg, Mississippi, two passengers got on. The old black woman muttered obscenities under her breath as she searched for a vacant seat. Thomas sighed in relief as she sat next to a small Latin boy.

The other passenger, a short Asian-American girl searched for a vacant seat and finally saw the one next to Thomas.

For the first twenty minutes of the ride, they said nothing.

"I uh, I'm going to DeGarde; it's this little town in Louisiana?" she quietly said.

"I uh, no kidding? That's where I'm going too," Thomas said, and even showed her the bus ticket.

"I uh, my aunt owns a restaurant there? Jade Garden? Ever eat there?" Theresa Long asked.

"Couple of times; don't get any of the seafood," Thomas said, then winced, remembering that Theresa had just said her aunt owned the restaurant.

At Paulton, Louisiana, there was a forty minute stop. Thomas was surprised when Theresa took his hand in hers. But he did not object.

She seemed to suddenly realize what she was doing and gave him a shy smile. But, as they stood at the small refreshment counter, she did not remove her hand.

"I uh, I'm going to U.L.D.; studying Business Administration," he said as they ate the slightly stale sandwiches.

"Me too!" Theresa squealed.

When he returned home, after helping Theresa with her heavy footlocker and two suitcases, after getting her cell phone number, Thomas plugged his dead phone into the cord.

Then he slept the sleep of the dead.

When he woke up, there were forty seven text messages from Michelle and fifteen voice mails from her. He didn't bother reading the messages, didn't bother listening to her shrill voice messages.

There was a text from Buddy.

"Had a great time; hope you did too," was all it said.

Thomas had to smile, thinking about his first, and probably last homosexual experience.

There was a text message from Theresa. Just a simple Smiley face, lips puckered in a kiss.

Despite her annoying way of ending every statement as if it was a question, Thomas and Theresa quickly went from friendship to romance.

Michelle did not return to DeGarde. Last Thomas heard, she'd had a mixed race baby, and had been 'disowned' by her parents.

Thomas never did see or hear from Buddy, which was fine with him.

THE END.

*Author's Note: I write these stories for my pleasure; I post them here for your enjoyment. I do sincerely thank you for reading my stories.

I especially thank those that take the time to rate my stories and those that leave their comments.

Have a swell day.