 Much of this story is based on a true experience, with a tad of spice thrown in for the flavor.

It had been about 2 months since my wife and I had separated. She had taken our 2 boys, aged 4 and 1, and moved to the city, about 5 miles away, still in New York State. 

The main reason we had separated was that she had a very strong sex drive, and my own was lacking. She was emotionally stressed because she found it almost impossible to turn me on. The final straw was when she found out I was cheating on her, with guys!

I loved my wife, but was never "in love" with her. I know now, that I would never be able to fall in love with any woman, and, unfortunately, I have yet to find the right man to fall in love with. At that time, I was still in the closet, and had not even accepted, to myself, that I was gay. 

This particular Saturday night I was bored, and decided to go down the local bar, and have a couple beers. I was pretty familiar with most of the clientele that usually frequented this bar but I noticed this young man, probably 23 or 24 that I had never seen before. He was sitting at the bar, nursing a beer, and seemed to be alone, and I sat on the stool next to him.

"Hi, how's it going?" I said, "I'm Doug."

"I'm John," he answered. "Most everybody calls me Butch. Things aren't going too well for me right now. I'm a long way from home, and wondering where I'm gonna sleep tonight, as it is kinda cold outside."

He looked somewhat attractive to me, and, being that I have a soft heart I offered him the option of sleeping on my couch, which he accepted. After another beer or two, we left and headed home in my car. Home was only about 3 blocks away.

"Are you married?" Butch asked.

"Separated, and living alone now." Butch smiled.

After we got to my place, I made us some coffee, and fixed a couple sandwiches, so we wouldn't need to go to bed hungry.

When my wife moved out, I let her take the full size bed, and that left me with just a twin bed in the spare bedroom, which was just off the living room. I got him a spare pillow and blanket so he could sleep fairly comfortable on the sofa.

I turned the lights out, except for the one in my bedroom. I left the bedroom door open while I stripped naked for bed, then cut off the bedroom light, leaving the door wide open, and crawled into my bed. I was not in bed more than about 5 minutes when Butch spoke up.

"It's kinda cold and lonely out here." Butch said.

I responded, "I only have this twin bed, it might be kind of cozy, but I am willing to share it, come on in."

I was more than willing to share it, I wanted to share it with Butch. Butch came into the room, dropped all of his clothes on the floor, and crawled in bed with me. So now we are both in a twin size bed, naked.

I tried to slide over to the far side of the bed to put some space between us and he just cuddled right up next to me. Just having him in my bed naked, I felt my cock getting hard. There is no fucking way I can be in bed with an attractive naked young man next to me and still keep my hands at home.

I turned onto my right side and slowly let my left hand drift onto his chest, softly stroking his chest, and down to his stomach and abdomen, eventually reaching his erect cock. My own erection was stabbing him in the hip. I could feel that, not only was he erect, he was leaking pre out of the tip.

He wasn't real big, probably about 5½" long and average girth, what I would call a pleasant mouthful. Maybe just a tad bigger than I was.

"Hey Butch, you're hard!" I said.

Then he turned over on his left side, facing me, and wrapped his right hand around my dick.

"So aren't you," he said, "Do you want to do something?"

"Maybe, you got something in mind?"

"Would you," Butch questioned slowly, "like to suck it?"

I didn't answer, verbally. I just threw back the blanket, repositioned my body, and started to nurse his cock, gradually sliding more of him into my mouth. He was just small enough that I could get all of him in my mouth, and I just slowly bobbed my head, working his cock. 

"Hold up a minute!" Butch said, "Turn around, so I can feel you while you suck me."

I repositioned to place my cock where he could reach it. I went back to work on his tasty dick, swirling my tongue around his head, then taking him all in. He was slowly stroking my dick, then started to pick up speed. As he started to jack me harder and faster, I could feel that he was getting close.

I felt his body starting to stiffen, and at the same time he squeezed my dick really hard, and I pulled almost off him, just letting the head of his cock rest in my mouth.

"I almost nutted," he said, "Why did you stop?"

"Cause I didn't want you to cum yet."

I went back down and started to work his cock again, but it wasn't long before he was starting to pulse again, and I was really hungry for his release, so I didn't edge him again, just let him whitewash my mouth and throat, and milked every drop out.

Just when I thought I was going to have to get myself of by hand, he suddenly took me in his mouth. I had previously felt that he had likely never had a cock in his mouth, but when he assaulted my dick, I knew I wasn't the first. 

I was still pretty hot, and needed to find relief soon, and soon came right when I needed it. As Butch worked my cock, I felt my orgasm building, and approaching rapidly. As I was about to shoot, I was slapping his leg to try and let him know. Seconds later, I shot off, big time, into his waiting mouth, and he didn't waste a drop of my cream.

Between the beer and the coffee, we both needed to pee, so we made a trip to the bathroom, and drained our bladders at the same time. Then we returned to bed, I spooned Butch, my cock wedged into his crack and my hand on his now flaccid cock.

Sunday morning we got up late, about 11:00 AM. I slipped into the kitchen and made coffee while he watched, neither of us dressed yet. When the coffee was done, I poured us both a cup, and we took them into the living room, sat on the sofa and just chatted small talk.

"Have you ever done a sixty-nine?" Butch asked.

"It's been a while," I answered, "I had an Army buddy over in Germany, name was Alex, and we used to do it, quite a few times. Have you?"

"No," Butch replied, "But I'd like to try it. You willing?"

"Sure! This is a long sofa, might be easier here than on the bed."

I laid down on my back, letting my feet extend over the arm of the sofa, while Butch laid on top of me, his feet over the opposite end of the sofa, his now hard dick over my mouth and his head hovering over my erect cock. He started to fuck my mouth and at the same time, he was sucking my cock. We were both emitting groans and moans of pleasure. 

I started to feel my climax approaching, and at the same time, I could feel Butch's body stiffen. He started to pull up out of my mouth and I wrapped my hands behind his butt, holding him in. That was all it took, and he started shooting spurts of man juice into my mouth and down my throat, nearly causing me to gag. Almost simultaneously I reach my orgasm, shooting a large amount of cream into Butch's mouth, and he was trying to swallow it, but some dripped back down into my pubes.

I headed into the bathroom, which was just off the kitchen, to clean the excess cum from my nest, while he stood in the bathroom doorway watching me. I washed my hands and went back to the kitchen, thinking it was time to fix us some brunch. 

While I was starting to cook some bacon and eggs, Butch climbed up onto a 4' step ladder that just happened to be in the kitchen, sitting on the top step, watching me cook, his attractive but flaccid dick pointing toward me. I couldn't resist flicking my fingers across the head a couple times, causing him to grin, and even lowered my head and kissed it. I really liked his cock! And I liked Butch too.

I had a restaurant booth in the kitchen that I had acquired from a diner that had closed several years earlier. It was what we had used as a kitchen table. I dished up breakfast and we ate casually, both sitting naked on the same side of the booth. I just loved putting my hands all over his body. Sitting in that booth, with our legs and hips touching, felt almost as good as cuddling in bed.

"So, Butch," I questioned, "Are you out?"

"I'm not sure what you mean, out."

"Have you told your family or friends that you're gay?"

"No," Butch replied, "I've never really thought about it. I never considered myself gay. I just enjoy having sex with another guy sometimes."

We finished eating, then went to my bedroom to get dressed. I had to hug him again, and tried to kiss him, but he turned his face away from me. He did return the hug, and out cocks touched, causing us both to start getting hard again. He broke the hug, and started to pull his clothes on.

"I really enjoyed having you here, and what we have done." I stated.

"Yeah, It was good, and I enjoyed it too. Maybe we can get together again sometime."

"Butch," I asked, "Is there some place I can drop you off?"

Butch answered, sheepishly, "Yeah, same place you picked me up. My car is parked there."

"I didn't know you had a car? You said you didn't have a place to sleep, and I didn't think you had transportation either."

"I probably owe you an explanation." Butch confessed. "I was at home, in a small community about 15 miles from here. There is nothing there, except a couple churches, a post office and a convenience store. I was lonely and horny, and wanted so much to have someone to sleep with, so I came here, to this bar where we met."

"I was actually looking for you," Butch went on, "or someone like you. Someone to take me in for the night, and have some sex with. I sat alone, hoping someone would come on to me, like you did."

Surprised, I said, "What made you think I would have sex with you? What made you think I was gay?"

"I got vibes from you. I saw the want and desire in your eyes when you looked at me. I was certain you wanted me, as much as I wanted you. I feel that, last night, we needed each other, and I think I was right!"

"You were right, Butch. I actually went to that bar, looking for you too! I didn't want to scare you off, by suggesting you share my bed, so I offered the sofa. Then, when I went to bed, I purposely left the light on and the door open to show you that I was naked, and hoping to turn you on!"

"Shit," Butch retorted, grinning, "I was turned on to you at the bar!"

We put on our jackets, and we hugged one more time. I tried again to kiss him, and again he turned his face away, so I kissed him on the cheek. I guess he is just not into lip kissing, at least not yet. We left my house and I drove him to his car. I never did obtain his actual address, and we couldn't exchange cell phone numbers either. Not in 1973!

As Butch was getting out of my car I said, "You know where I live, and you're welcome to share my bed anytime!"

Butch, smiling, "Thank you Doug, I had a really awesome time with you. I'm sure we'll get together again, one of these days."

It never happened. Later that summer (of 73) I ended up on the road, driving an 18 wheeler out of Florida, then moved to FL in the winter of 74, then in 1975 moved back to New York State, working a couple different jobs. I was driving for another company in 1980, and moved to Virginia in July of 1980, and have lived here ever since.

It's been 43 years since I enjoyed that night, having Butch as an Overnight Guest in the early spring of 1973. I cannot help but wonder whatever happened to Butch? I'll remember that night to my grave.