 Tyrone moved into my apartment the next day. With his move in, drastic changes occurred to my life. These changes turned my financial, social and sexual world upside down.

I go to work everyday and pay all of the bills on my apartment. Sholanda spends my paychecks to the last cent. I see all of the new things that she buys Tyrone. I barely have enough money to feed myself. This really bothers me because I have a great corporate engineering job. Before I met Sholanda I was saving almost half of my net salary! At least I was smart enough to hide my CDs and brokerage account from her! I am lucky that my checking account has a policy of no overdraft and that my credit card limit is low. 

I have no social life any more. I come directly home everyday after work. Sholanda makes sure that I dress and am made up nice. I can't even go outside so that my neighbors don't see me in my sissy clothes. It has been ages since I have went out drinking at the bar. Sholanda and Tyrone don't allow me to drink at all in the apartment. Yet, they always have a good supply of quality vodka and malt liquor, that they drink in copious amounts. All my friends have given up on me and don't call any more. I took Sholanda to a company function and it was a disaster. The whole company was laughing at me for days afterward. 

Sexually I am so frustrated. Sholanda hasn't had sex with me since Tyrome moved in. She has me eat her to orgasms, every once in a while when Tyrone is not around, but she will not release my cock from its cage. 

I have basically become Tyrone's sex slave. He makes me suck his dick every night. He fucks my ass good at least two or three times a week. I have learned to rim, teabag and serve his every sexual need. I actually enjoy this part of my life. I have become addicted to his extremely bitter loads and I love the feeling of his sticky seed leaking out of my ruined sphincter and into my panties. 

Not only am I Tyrone's slave but he lets his friends use me too. One evening I was bred by him and six of his friends! What a mess all that cum left in my panties as it ran out. The next morning the ass of my panties were solid and all crusty! 

He will usually have at least a friend or two over each night, that he likes to drink with, and I am always made to suck them off and or take it up my boi pussy. I know that a large percentage of my caloric intake is composed of raw cum. 

Tyrone also loves pissing on me. I usually end up in the bathtub at the end of every night. I can see the sadistic joy in Tyrones smile as he pisses all over me. He especially tries to hit me in the face and makes me keep my mouth wide open. I have learned to accept his golden liquid as I have Sholanda's and I swallow it down when it fills up my mouth.

Tyrone also makes Sholanda piss all over me to each night. I am grateful for the sight of her fat ass and pussy above me. I wish that they would let me eat her and touch her as she stands above me and lets out her heavy cow stream. 

They both let out the heaviest streams of piss ever from all of the malt liquor that they drink. The bathtub had become my regular bed. I sleep in it every night. The CB3000 had not been removed from my privates in months.

For almost half a year this was my life. Sholanda was getting even fatter as the pregnancy progressed. She had probably packed on another 40 pounds to the 180 that she weighed when we met. I did not know what I would do when the baby arrived. Many a night, as I laid in their cooling piss in the tub, I wondered what kind of a mother Sholanda would be to our baby. I had resigned to my fate, but really worried about the coming baby.

All this changed one evening about a month before our baby's due date. Sholanda was begging Tyrone to fuck her. Although they slept together in my old bed, I had never seen him fuck her since that first night, when I met him. Sholanda was telling him how the pregnancy was making her so horny and how she needed a good fucking. Tyrone refused saying how fat and disgusting she looked.

"Well then I am going to remove his cock cage and let the sissy fuck me!" She shouted into his face.

"The fagot is mine!" Tyrone shouted back, "You keep your fat hands off him!" 

He then kicked her hard in the ass knocking her into the couch. Whimpering she waddled into the bedroom. Five minutes later she came out screaming that she was bleeding from her pussy. I could see a large dark stain in the crotch of her shorts. 

She made Tyrone drive her to the Emergency Room in my car. When they got back late that night I learned that she had miscarried.

As much as I loved all the cock, cum and humiliation I was getting, I knew in my heart that I could not continue living my life like this, now that there was no baby coming.

That very next day at work I handed in my one month notice of resignation at work. I also did not pay the rent on my apartment that month. For the next thirty days I continued my life of humiliation and degradation being extra attentive to Tyrone and his friends. 

At my last day at work I returned the corporate cell phone that I had to Human Resources. Their manager told me that everyone would miss me, and that she would be happy to recommend me to future employers. 

I did not return strait home as usual. I bought a brand new cell phone with a totally new number. I steered my car onto the interstate going west. I was headed to San Francisco and a new life! I knew that I would be able to easily find another good engineering job there in the Silicon Valley. I also knew that I would easily be able to find lots of cock in the largest Gay community in America!

Prologue

Well two months have gone by and I am happy. I found a great job with amazing colleagues, salary and benefits at a new start-up company.

I hit the Transsexual and gay bars at night dressed in my slutty sissy clothes and get all of the cock I could ever want. 

I am also registered on the online dating site ghettohookup.com where I have met some really hot, fat, ghetto sistas! I don't have anything to worry about now because I had my tubes snipped. Until I get married I don't want to take any chances of knocking a sista up and forfeiting my life!

I live an open and free bisexual life out here. I have a nice apartment that is easy to afford on my new large salary and best of all I have my car back!

I heard from my old landlord that Tyrone and Sholanda were in shock when he and the Sheriff came to lock them out of the apartment. I sent him a check for the back rent so that he would not report me to a credit agency. I wonder what bridge they live under now. 

The End