 It was too hot this week, way too hot, but I needed to get outside for some fresh air. I've been cooped up inside all week, trying to stay cool, but I finally decided that I needed to go the local nature preserve. I thought I would just sit in my car and read with the air on, but at least I would get a change of scenery. 

I'm 47, 6-2, 195, in pretty good shape for my age. Professional, gray hair, blue eyes, and very normal in the way that I look. I'm married to my high school sweetheart and we have two daughters who are in college, so it's just the two of us at home. I own my own business and can work from home a couple of days a week if I want. It's a pretty good life. I swim and run to stay in shape.

Back to the story. I was just sitting in the parking lot at the park, hidden in the shade and all alone. I was reading a book that my sister recommended, but it wasn't all that good so it was hard to focus on it. My mind kept wandering and I was staring out at the trees as much as I was reading. I'll admit that I was pretty horny, so that didn't help either. 

About that time, a guy ran past on the trail. It kind of surprised me because I didn't really expect to see anyone else in the park in this heat. He was about my age, wearing only a pair of running shorts that left very little to the imagination. His cock was definitely bigger than mine and it was bouncing up and down as he ran. I was staring, more surprised than anything. He looked really hot (temperature) and didn't seem to be enjoying the run. He waved politely as he ran by, and I returned the wave, and he kept moving down the trail. I went back to my book, but my mind kept thinking about how surprised I was to see his cock so blatantly evident in his shorts. 

I'm a straight guy, never even thought about another guy, but I couldn't get my mind off of him. I wondered if he would run back this way, wondered if he knew that his cock was so obvious. I wanted another look at him, just to see if I had imagined it. I wasn't interested in him, really, but I was curious about why a guy would run with his cock on display.

Just then, I saw him coming back down the trail, and I quickly forgot about his cock. He was really struggling, sweating a lot in the heat and I could tell that he was going to need help. Any horny thoughts were gone. I just saw a fellow runner who was in a dangerous spot. He didn't seem to be holding a water bottle, so I was pretty concerned. I jumped out of my car and hustled over to meet him, seriously worried about the health of this guy that I didn't know at all.

"Hey man, are you ok? You look like the heat is really taking it out of you. Do you have any water? You really need a break." 

He could barely speak, and his color wasn't good. "I forgot to bring water, and I didn't realize how hot it was." He almost stumbled, and I grabbed him and put his arm around my shoulder. 

"Come get in my car. I've got water, and I can take you home if you need it. Where do you live?" I led him to my car, and I opened the passenger door, helping him in. I didn't think he was critically ill, but I knew that he couldn't keep running. 

He didn't object to getting in the cool car, and I closed the door and ran around to my side and climbed in. I handed him my water bottle and he drank it, too fast. "Whoa, don't drink it all in one gulp. You'll make yourself sick. Take sips and I'll get you home. Is anyone there, or do you want to go to the hospital?" 

He said, "Home, if you don't mind. Thanks. I thought I could make it but it's just too damn hot." He gave me the address and I started off. It was only a few blocks from my house, but I was sure that I had never seen this guy before. I wasn't even thinking about his cock anymore. I only wanted to keep him safe and get him home. 

I said, "I'm John. I live in your neighborhood. I don't think I've ever met you before, though. Are you new in town?"

He was barely talking, his eyes closed, focused on getting cool. "Hey, I'm Steve. That air feels great. You're a lifesaver. Yeah, we moved here a couple of months ago. I thought I would try and sneak in a run before my wife got home, but I guess that was pretty stupid."

"Yeah, this heat can wear you down really fast. You have to be careful. But I'll have you home in a couple of minutes."

I pulled up to his house and parked in the drive, and then I went over to his door and helped him out. He looked better but I wanted to make sure that he made it inside. I threw his arm over my shoulder again and asked, "Is the door open?"

He said, "There's a keypad on the garage. The code is 1225. Thanks." 

When the door opened, we made our way in. Our neighborhood is a nice one, and their house was beautifully appointed, not unlike ours. I said, "Steve, how about if you go get in a warm shower and get your temp down while I get you some water? Do you need me to call anyone?"

Steve said, "Man, I hate to ask this but would you mind helping me get there? I feel better but I would really appreciate the help, if you don't mind." 

I told him that it was no problem and we made our way back to their bedroom and the master bath. He was walking without much help now but I was glad to help him. He sat on the edge of the vanity while I reached in and started the shower. It needed to be warm, not cold, so I fiddled with it while he kicked his shoes off. When I got out, I realized that he was going to need help getting undressed. He couldn't bend down and take his socks off. I didn't think twice, kneeling down and pulling his sweaty socks off for him. 

When I looked up, his cock was right in front of me, filling out his running shorts. I was shocked once again as I stared at his crotch. He didn't notice, though, and I stood up and said, "Ok, get in the shower and I'll get you some more water. Will your wife be home soon?"

He stood up, pushing up from the vanity and looking relatively stable. I took a look at his body now and realized that he was well-built, strong legs and chest. I really need to work out at the gym more and build up my pecs, I thought. 

Steve said, "Hey, you should probably grab a towel and wipe down your car. Sorry about sweating all over your seat. I was really out of it. My wife will be home in a couple of hours, I think, so I should be fine if you need to be someplace."

"If you don't mind, I'm just going to wait around until you finish your shower and get some fluids. I don't want you to crash."

He said, "Thanks, John. I'll just take a quick shower and be right out." 

And then he just pulled off his shorts and he was completely naked in front of me. It wasn't a sexual act, just a guy who knows that he needs a shower and isn't too worried about being naked. He didn't think twice about my reaction as he headed to the shower. I said, "Do you have any bottles of water in the kitchen?"

He turned his back to me as he started washing himself, and his ass was perfect. "Yeah, in the fridge. Thanks, man. You are a lifesaver."

I went to the kitchen and grabbed two bottles from the fridge and headed right back to the bathroom. I wasn't really worried about him any more but I wanted to be nearby in case he needed some help. But I was pretty confident that the worst was over. 

I said, "The water is out here when you're done. Feeling any better?"

He said, "Yeah, I feel like a new man. The cool shower really did the trick." He turned off the shower and reached over the wall for a towel that was on a shelf nearby. He opened the door and came out, drying as he talked, still not aware of me staring. 

He started to say something, but suddenly stopped. He was staring at me now with a puzzled look on his face. He had been drying his chest and I could see his cock peeking out, soft but long and thick. I think he was bigger than me even when it was soft, at least 5 or 6 inches hanging down his leg. And his balls were hanging down as well, looking like they were full and ready to explode. Fuck.

His silence finally caught my attention and I wondered what he was thinking, but then I realized that he was staring at my crotch! I had a full-on boner pushing my shorts out, and Steve was looking at it in surprise! Double fuck!

I sputtered, "Hey, I'm glad you're feeling better, but I should probably head home. Glad to meet you, maybe I'll see you around!" I started moving quickly towards the door!

Steve said, "John, wait. Don't go just because you got hard! Fuck man, it's no big deal! It happens!" 

I said, "I don't know what you're talking about, but I really do need to go now. Talk to you soon!"

Steve dropped his towel and reached out and grabbed my arm. "John, seriously. Wait. I can't let you leave like this. My wife will never forgive me if I don't get your number and send you a thank you!"

I stopped and turned around, facing him. "I'm sorry, man. I don't know what's going on. I'm not gay, it's just that, you know, I saw your cock and, well, fuck. I'm not trying to do anything, I just saw you and, well, got a little turned on. I'm so sorry. I've never even thought about another guy!"

Steve laughed. "Relax man. I'm not gay either, never done anything with another guy. But you seem like a really nice guy and I was thinking that we could hang out sometime and have a beer. That's all. I was just surprised by your hard on but it's ok. Really."

We just stood there for a few seconds, no words. My cock had softened from the surprise, but I glanced down at Steve's and his was thicker and seemed to be getting harder. Not stiff but definitely bigger. And it looked so tempting. 

After what seemed like an eternity, I worked up the courage to take my hand and reach out and touch his cock. I felt the weight and size in my hand, and he let out a little moan. I could feel him hardening in response to my touch. I stroked it gently, feeling it grow and harden. It felt so fucking good.

"I saw you when you went by the first time, and your cock looked so big in your shorts. I was sitting there, wondering how it would feel to touch it. Do you mind? I've never felt another cock."

Steve said, "Feels good. I don't mind. Do you want to take a shower with me?" 

I laughed. "No, I'm ok. But if we have time, we could go sit in the bedroom?"

Steve pulled away from my hold, and I was a little disappointed, but he led me to the bed and I sat down on the edge. He stood in front of me, and I took his cock in hand again. He was fully hard now and I could see the first of his precum shining on the end. I was stroking him now, steady strokes. He was circumcised and I was pulling the skin up and down, grazing my forefinger over the head with each stroke. He was about 8 inches fully hard and thick, beautifully proportioned with a nice mushroom head that looked ready to burst. 

He said, "Get your clothes off. I want to see you.", and I reluctantly let him go again, ripping my clothes off as fast as I could. My cock was throbbing and dripping, but I didn't care about cumming. I just wanted his cock again. 

Steve climbed on the bed and laid back, and I crawled over to join him. I said, "I want to suck you. I never have before, so tell me what you like, ok?" He nodded, and I dove in, face first, mouth open wide to take as much as I could. I took about four inches before I gagged and pulled back a little. I wrapped my hand around his shaft again and started sucking the head, lapping my tongue all over it, tasting the juices that poured out of the end. 

I had stopped thinking at this point. I was in full lust mode, desperate to please this man. I listened to his moans and groans and tried to figure out what felt good to him. He held my head, rubbing his fingers through my gray hair as I kept sucking and stroking. My throat relaxed as I worked on him, and I could take most of his cock without trouble. It felt so good to feel his powerful cock swelling in my mouth and throat. I wanted his cum in my mouth.

I played with his balls while I sucked, squeezing them softly. He seemed to like that, so I pulled his cock out of his mouth and moved down to suck on his balls instead. He gasped as I sucked them into my mouth, licking them with my tongue. I stroked his cock slowly as I worked on them, not wanting him to cum until I could get his cock back into my mouth.

Steve wasn't really talking at all, just moaning and responding to my touches. But I knew he was getting close to cumming, his hips pumping up as I played with him. I knew that I needed to get back to sucking his cock so that he could cum. He was ready.

Steve had moved me around so that I was sort of lying parallel to him, not quite in a 69 but close. He had grabbed my cock and was stroking it while I played. I was sort of humping against his chest and I knew that I was leaving cum streaks on his body. It felt so good to hump that hard torso while I sucked him. He moved his hands away from my head and started to rub his fingers between my ass cheeks, and I wanted him to find my hole. I spread my legs and he started pushing a finger against my sphincter. I groaned and moved his cock back to my mouth, sucking hard and stroking him fast. I wanted his cum so badly.

He pushed his finger into my asshole, gently, sliding just the tip inside my ass. I groaned loud and he yelled, "OH FUCK!", and came hard in my mouth.

I could feel his cock spurting load after load into my eager mouth, tasting his salty juice on my tongue as I swallowed madly, not wanting to leave a single drop behind. He shoved his whole finger into me, past the knuckle, and stroked me hard with the other hand. I came hard on his chest, the biggest load I can ever remember having. I soaked his body with cum. 

As I recovered, he pulled his hand away from my ass and I moved off of him, giving his cock one last lick. 

I went back to the bathroom and brought him a towel to help him clean up. As we wiped away my cum from his body, I gathered my clothes and started to dress.

I said, "I don't know what came over me. This is not me. I'm happily married, and I've never even fucked another woman, let alone something like this!" 

He laughed. "Me either, John, but it was fun. Let's just relax and enjoy, ok?"

"Are you feeling ok? I don't want you to be sick after all of this. Do you need more water?"

He said, "I'm fine. Better than fine. I'm just glad you came and helped. And then you helped me cum, which is even better!"

I was dressed by this time, so I said, "I really should head home. Do you need anything before I go?" 

He shook his head. "I'll be fine. Karen will be home soon. Thanks for everything."

"No problem. What a weird way to meet and then, well, you know." 

"Yeah. Can we get together sometime? Maybe you and your wife can come over for a cookout?"

"That wouldn't be weird for you? I'd love it but it might feel odd."

Steve said, "Man, you probably saved my life. The least I can do is grill a steak for you!"

I said, "Deal. Here's my cell number if you ever want to run together. When it's cool."

And that was the start of a true friendship. Our families are now very close, our wives go shopping together while Steve and I do guy stuff around the house. You know, watch football, work on projects, suck each other's cocks. You know, guy stuff.