 Ensuring we were both once more presentable, we left the office and calmly walked back to the function suite. Upon entering I instructed Jnr to proceed to the bar for some refreshments for us, as I proceeded back to our table. 

Sitting back down at a now half full table I was able to watch Jnr at the bar, My god he looked hot, his gorgeous arse tightly enclosed in those tux trousers, Christ I was getting hard again, so hard in fact that I got up and joined Jnr at the bar slipping my hand over his buttocks as I arrived beside him, he looked round startled, smiled on realising who was fondling him, and thanked me for the pleasure I was giving him, leaning in to him I suggested that we forgo the rest of the event and return to my room where we might be a little more comfortable. Jnr had agreed even before I had finished.

We left quickly and headed for the lift, unfortunately or should I say fortuitously the lift was rather full, so we were at first rather squashed I managed to be behind Jnr with my back to the wall, and ensured that he was pushing his arse back into my crotch, I slipped a hand around him and found much to my delight that Jnr was still very much aroused. 

As the lift slowly rose and stopped at each floor it became less cramped but I kept my hand in place fondling his hardness, until it was just the two of us left, as soon as the doors had closed I forced Jnr down and told him to ensure I was hard beneath my kilt. He quickly obliged firstly slipping his hand up to find my cock, before he lifted my kilt and planting his mouth firmly around my cock, god he was good at that, but all too soon the lift stopped. 

Jnr quickly stood up as I rearranged my kilt as the doors opened, leaving the lift I noticed that Jnr was still sporting a huge hard on and was franticly trying to adjust himself, alas to no avail. We proceeded to my room where upon on opening the door I ushered Jnr in, closing the door I removed my Jacket and handed it to Jnr to hang up. I then complimented Jnr on how hot he looked in his tux and suggested that he might want to remove his Jacket so as not to crease it; he dutifully obliged and asked if he may disrobe further. 

"No Jnr you may not," as I strode towards him grabbing his hard cock through his trousers, 

"You will stand still!"

"Touch nothing!!" 

"And say nothing!!" I barked at him as I continued to pull on his cock my free hand slowly moving up his chest feeling out those hard nipples of his beneath his crisp white shirt, tweaking each nipple to hardness I continued to wank him thru his now damp trsrs his breathing becoming faster and faster. 

I told him to tell me when he was about to cum. 

He replied that he was nearly there, immediately I stopped. 

"I don't want you coming just yet Jnr, I have plans for your cum, and I don't want you spurting all over my kilt." 

I quickly unbuttoned his trousers and unzipped them before pulling them down and removing them from him, tossing the sodden mess onto the floor, I slowly removed his shirt making sure I occasionally brushed against his hard cock. Now left standing there in his bow tie, cummerbund, boxers, suspenders, socks and shiny shoes, Jnr was a sight to behold. 

I couldn't help myself I just had to caress him with my hands, stroking his chest, licking at his hard nipples, before I moved behind him and eased my hands beneath the silk of his shorts seeking out his crack, slipping a finger along it till I found his hole all nicely puckered, Jnr gasped as I found my goal. 

Grabbing the waistband of his shorts I pulled down hard causing Jnr's cock to bend dramatically and he winced in pain as his shorts fell to the floor, his cock now free of constraint rose to full bloom suitably helped by the chrome cock ring he had in place. Bending down I took his cock in my hand and guided it slowly towards my mouth, but just as he was about to enter my mouth, I stuck my tongue out and slowly teasingly licked at his engorged head, Jnr started to push forward, I stood up not yet Jnr as I moved away from him.

He was resplendent cock sticking out like a flag pole, urging me with his eyes, pleading to be allowed to cum, I slowly began to undo my tie followed by my shirt allowing my hands to linger over my hard nipples, teasing Jnr with my touches to my self turning away from him I removed my sporran, recovered some lube from the desk drawer and turned back to Jnr 

"Now Jnr you are going to oblige me aren't you?" 

"Yes Sir, Please Sir," he replied as I pushed him over the desk slapping his buttocks before lubing my fingers and sliding them across his hole, Begging me Jnr pushed his arse up as I slipped a finger inside and then another. 

"Someone has been practicing," I said as I continued to stretch his hole, we stayed like this for a while, I was watching both the pleasure and the pain in Jnr's face through the mirror on the wall, as my fingers pummelled his now not so tight hole. 

Reaching forwards I was glad to see that Jnr was still hard, and still begging to be allowed to come, again he was to be disappointed. As I reminded him that on no account was he to come, with him in such a state I reached into the desk drawer and removed a condom slipping my fingers out of his hole so as to roll it on I added some more lube to my latex covered hard cock and proceeded to push forwards slowly but surely stretching that tight hole of his until I was in. 

God it felt tight as I stayed at the entrance to him for a while waiting for him to relax a little more, then I slowly eased in further and further till my balls were touching his arse, a whimper was all I could hear from Jnr every now and then his face a mixture of ecstasy and pain. 

Then I slowly began to draw out before I rammed hard back into him, fuck he was tight but gorgeous with it as I felt him tense and relax against my cock, I started to get a rhythm going slow out hard in Jnr very quickly got in to this pushing back into me It wasn't long though before I was overcome with the desire to cum so as was my prerogative I gave it one last thrust before filling the condom with my cum.

Slipping out I sat down on the bed removed the condom and viewed the delicious sight of Jnr bent over the desk his cock still hard his body covered in sweat and gasping hard asking to be allowed to cum. 

"Oh no Jnr you will have more work to do tonight, before you can come ..."

To be continued.