 The Dinner

There I was propping up the bar, all dressed up in my Scottish finery waiting for the evening to begin. I'd had a mysterious invite to a Black Tie Dinner, the invite had arrived with a covering note informing me that my presence was required at a Gala Evening to be held at a prestigious Edinburgh Hotel. No further details were given apart from the fact that a complimentary room had been booked for me and that it would be beneficial for me to attend.

So there I was, feeling a bit like a fish out of water, wondering a) who had invited me and b) why?

I had arrived earlier in the afternoon to take advantage of the hotel's facilities and also to try and find out who had invited me, as for who had invited me this still remained a mystery no amount of discreet enquires prior to today had shed any light, I'd even had my Jnr investigate the source of the invite but to no avail. 

Jnr, who should have been with me, had at the last minute called off much to my annoyance with some lame excuse, therefore leaving me in a state of sexual frustration, I had so much been looking forward to fucking his tight arse tonight!! 

Now here I was sipping my drink and scanning the room for a familiar face or two, but to no avail, mind you the talent on show was delightful to my eyes and I started to wonder if maybe I would be getting my end away tonight. The room was filling up with guests the men looking resplendent in Tuxedos or Kilts however the majority seemed to have wives or girlfriends in tow. 

Mind you just as I was about to give up this gorgeous man walked over to the bar, at least 6 foot tall, dark haired, and wearing what must have been a designer tuxedo, god it fitted him so well tight in all the right places but not overly so, he smiled as he moved passed me to order his drink at the bar. Allowing me the chance to ogle his rear and that was certainly no disappointment, I immediately felt a stirring beneath my kilt.

Suddenly someone was speaking to me, it was him, I had been so engrossed in eyeing him up I had drifted off, dreaming off what lay beneath his tux, he smiled as I apologized and asked him to repeat his question, he was commenting on the fact that everyone seemed to be in couples and enquired as to my own status, I informed him that unfortunately I was on my own, to which his smile got wider, he then enquired if I had enjoyed the view so far, seeing my rather startled expression he explained that he had been watching me in the mirror behind the bar, I quickly apologized for my lack of manners to which he stepped back and scanned me from top to toe smiling as he did so, I felt really embarrassed at this especially as my own eyes were now firmly focused on the rather pronounced bulge in his trsrs, and I felt my sporran moving forward with the pressure from beneath my kilt. 

Looking up at him with that welcoming smile we both burst out laughing, eventually he lent forward, slipping his hand down the front of my kilt behind the sporran saying that had he been alone tonight he would have wanted to see what was lying beneath my kilt, my hopes were dashed, he again apologized and said he hoped we may meet up in the future to continue where we were most certainly going. Offering me his hand, we shook, embraced, he lent in close to my head and whispered. 

"I would love to play with you in that kilt, sir" 

Then he was gone melting into the ever growing crowd of party goers.

So there I was alone, sporting a hard on, feeling like a gooseberry, when I felt a hand on my arse! Turning quickly I was met with a wonderful sight, there was my Jnr!!

Dressed impeccably in his Tuxedo and grinning from ear to ear, I was taken aback, quickly silencing me, he explained that he had arranged the whole thing as a present to me for my diligence in looking after him and that he hoped I wasn't too annoyed with his endeavors.

I quickly managed to get my emotions in check, and informed him that I was indeed slightly annoyed, although this was being tempered by the sight of him in his tight tuxedo and informed him that he may have to be punished later for his presumptuous behavior, at this point we were informed that dinner was to be served so we quickly made our way through to the banquet hall, Jnr guiding me, hand firmly on my arse, to our table. 

The meal was satisfactory as were the other guests at our table, all of whom seemed to be deep in conversation with their own partners and not bothering about anybody else.

This allowed Jnr to gently caress my bare knee before working his hand underneath and up my kilt, gently stroking my inner thigh with his fingers, his touch was so good my cock was now rock hard and I was aching to get my hands on him. I reached over and grabbed his crotch, Jnr was just as hard, slipping my hand up I quickly unzipped his trsrs, slipping my fingers inside I found to my delight that Jnr was wearing silk boxers and as well as being rather tight due to his erect cock they were well and truly damp, I suggested to Jnr that we might excuse ourselves from the table so as we may try and gain some relief from our current state, he agreed but suggested a few more minutes, to allow him to rearrange his trousers.

We made our excuses and headed for the foyer, this time though it was my hand that was firmly on Jnr's tight arse, fondling and stroking his crack seeking out that delightful hole of his. I suggested we find somewhere quiet and we headed down a long corridor checking as we went for an empty room, eventually we found an empty office, slipping in, locking the door behind us and turning on a light. 

I grabbed Jnr pushed him against the door and firmly clamped my mouth over his, my hands eagerly seeking out his trsrs zip pulling it down I quickly unbuttoned the waist and pulled them down to reveal his silk boxers, his hard cock pushing out the now soaking material, I stepped back towards the desk leaning against it admiring the sight of Jnr tuxedo trousers at his feet, long sheer silk socks and suspenders, black silk boxers his cock at attention and told him to assume the position, i.e. on his knees hands behind his back chin up and mouth open, ready to receive my cock.

Removing my sporran my cock leapt forwards and up, freed at last beneath my kilt, Jnr shuffled forward as I raised the front of my kilt exposing him to the sight of my hard and engorged cock he quickly clamped his mouth on me taking me all the way down his throat, he did this so well, he began to slowly slide his mouth up and down my cock, but I was in no mood for this I was so horny, my balls aching, I needed to come.

Grabbing the back of his head I hurried him up by pushing him faster and faster up and down my cock telling him that he was starting to get ideas above his station and that he would need to be disciplined, through mouthful's of my cock he apologized and started to suck me with even more vigor than usual it wouldn't be long before I was spraying the back of his throat with my pent up cum. 

Sure enough within minute's waves of pleasure flowed over me as I began to cum. 

Jnr choking slightly, as I told him to swallow it all or else... eventually I slipped out of his mouth, trickles of cum running down his chin, I told Jnr to stand. His cock harder than ever, I reached forward grabbing his boxers and slowly and deliberately wiped my cock clean on them. 

Proceeding to straighten my attire I told Jnr to do like wise, he started to plead that he be allowed to relieve himself his boxers now saturated in a mixture of his own pre cum and my cum.

I laughed "most def not Jnr you will not be coming just yet the night has only just begun..."

To be continued.