 Getting up from the bed I retrieved my fags from my sporran, by god I needed a smoke, my exertions with Jnr had certainly taken it out of me, I lit up and sitting down on the couch I recalled the nights exploits, smiling as I noticed that Jnr was still draped over the desk, although his breathing seemed to back under control, I asked Jnr if he might open a bottle of wine, as I felt in need of refreshment, but also it would allow me the joyous sight of Jnr in his dickie bow, cummerbund, suspenders, socks and shoes, he looked absolutely gorgeous his cock still hard and up courtesy of the cock ring, this lovely sight was enough to have my cock stirring under my kilt. 

Christ could I manage to come again? This time though Jnr would have to earn his keep, I was fucked, so Jnr would need to do all the grunt work after all that was what he was employed for. 

Jnr arrived with my wine as I reclined on the couch, standing at attention beside me his cock, hard and dripping with pre cum, he handed me my wine, asking if Sir would require him to perform any other duties, I suggested that he might remove my brogues and socks, with a huge smile on his face he knelt at my feet, slowly lifting my left leg he gently removed my brogue followed by the sock, all the time gently stroking my leg causing me to experience a rather delightful hardening of my cock, repeating what he had done to my right leg caused me even more waves of pleasure. 

On replacing my now naked foot to the ground Jnr shifted slightly on his knees seemingly sneaking a peek under my kilt.

"See anything you fancy Jnr?" I asked. 

"Very much Sir, you seem to have recovered rather well Sir."

"Well Jnr I'm afraid the cock may want too, but the rest of the body is well and truly fucked!!" 

Reaching up under my kilt Jnr began fondling my inner thighs, god that was so good, the way he massaged my thighs gently moving closer to his goal of my cock, upon reaching my cock he slowly began massaging my cock and balls sending wave after wave of pleasure thru my body, fearful of coming to quickly I ordered Jnr to stop and stand up. 

Christ his cock was engorged and dripping pre-cum. 

"Get up here Jnr, stand astride me so as I may taste your cum Jnr," like a rabbit down a hole Jnr was standing astride me on the couch, bending at the knees His cock wavered in front of my face, savouring this delicious sight I put out my fag before grabbing his cock and started to lick up his pre cum, he tasted so good. 

I felt him tense. 

"Please Sir, I need to cum," He pleaded. 

"I said before Jnr, not yet I will tell you when!!" 

Pushing him away I stood up, my own hard cock tenting in my kilt, I moved to the desk retrieving the lube, turning to Jnr I smiled as he looked at the tube. 

"Now Jnr you are going to service me for a change!!"

Sitting back on the couch, I threw the lube to Jnr. 

Jnr dropped to his knees and gently pushed my kilt up, revealing my hard cock, taking my shaft in his hand he guided his mouth over my cock slowly swallowing its length, fuck I was in heaven he slowly moved up and teasing my covered helmet with his tongue, slowly whilst still licking my head he pulled back my foreskin revealing in all its glory my purple head, he continued to swallow me teasing my head with his tongue, his hands now lifted my legs upwards onto the couch, slowly his hands moved upwards to towards my balls, gently massaging my thighs as he went. 

Slowly he massaged my balls before moving downwards towards my arse, slowly he ran his fingers up and down my crack before gently pressing a finger into my hole, suddenly he stopped sucking my cock, and pulled me to the edge of the couch, pushing my legs further back, revealing my arse to him slowly he lent forward and started to probe around my hole with his tongue, gently teasing as he darted his tongue up and down and side to side of my hole, before gently trying to enter me. 

After a short while of this I was squirming with pleasure and begging him for more, straightening up he proceeded to lube his fingers, and then slowly applying more lube to my hole, slipping a finger into me, he began to move it around inside of me, I was desperate now, slowly I started to wank myself, seeing this Jnr proceeded to insert another finger, and started to fuck me harder with his fingers, sliding in out with ease, desperate for more I screamed at him to hurry up and fuck me properly. 

Jnr diligent as ever quickly slipped on a condom over his hard cock, added some more lube to his shaft and my hole, then pulling my cheeks apart he pressed his cock to my hole, gently pushing forwards he started to insert his cock in me, initially I seemed to tighten up preventing him entry, but Jnr caring as ever persevered gently pushing until I felt a surge of pain as he entered me, stopping he looked at me with concern on his face and asked if he should continue. 

"Fuck yes Jnr, I want you all in me, just take it easy." 

Jnr continued to push in he felt so good, my muscles tightening and loosening as he continued to fill me up. Then all of a sudden he was in all the way, fuck it felt amazing, slowly at first he started to pull back, before pushing back in, I started to get with his rhythm enjoying the waves of pleasure emanating from my arse. Jnr then pulled out, instructing me to get on my knees, obliging, he then pushed up my kilt lifting my arse with his hands and then I felt his cock again teasing my hole, a couple of sharp slaps to my buttocks as he pushed hard with his cock, saw him back inside of me, this time though he was ramming in and out of me much faster and harder. 

The resulting sensations increased as did his speed grabbing the waist of my kilt he pulled back towards himself pulling me back allowing his cock to reach further into me, I couldn't believe how good he felt inside me I reached under my kilt to find my cock even harder and furiously started to wank the sensations were immense as I felt Jnr balls slapping off of me. Jnr was starting to groan loudly as he continued to pound my arse. 

Gasping "Are you going to come Jnr." 

"Very soon Sir, where would sir like me to shoot my load?" 

"I want to feel you come inside me Jnr," I gasped, as I felt my own orgasm not to be too far away. 

"Thank you sir," he replied as he increased the pace pounding deeper into me, when suddenly he stiffened, gasping, at the same point I felt is cock grow inside me, before it started to convulse again and again as he filled the condom with his spunk I was nearly there myself as Jnr gasping demanded I stop. 

Pulling out of me he turned me around I saw his cock still hard with a balloon of spunk at the end bouncing in front, pushing my kilt out of the way he grabbed at my cock and started to wank me hard as he sat astride me. 

Quickly undoing my kilt I felt my own orgasm to be close as Jnr's hands deftly danced their way up and down my cock, oh god I was going to come again, shooting my cum over Jnr's hands and cock he removed his condom allowing our juices to mix as he milked my cock dry. What a sensational feeling, Jnr still astride me lowered himself onto my chest allowing our cocks and spunk to mix with the sweat of our bodies, god that was amazing as I closed my eyes and drifted off...

To be continued.