 I didn't know Alan very well really! Ok, he'd been in my year since we started secondary school at age 11 but we'd never been friends. He was on the Arts side (languages) and I was on the Science side (Physics). He was also a keen sportsman. He played in midfield for the school 1st team at soccer, what today they would call a play-maker. I, on the other hand, was one of the boys left out when all the teams were selected, as I was both slight physically and had no aptitude for sports of any sort.

We'd been in the same class from time to time but less frequently as we got older and as we concentrated on our specific subjects. Also I was always near the top of the class and he was more midstream. So that was a difference too.

Physically we were not alike at all. He was of medium height, now at 18 about 5' 10", lightly muscled, with black hair, brown eyes and with a slight olive tint to his skin. Above all he was elegant, moving with an easy grace which was a pleasure to watch on the football field. At 18 I was 5' 6", slender with blonde hair, blue eyes and a pale skin.

So it came as quite a surprise when, in those quiet weeks after we had finished our 'A' level exams and were preparing for university, he asked if I would like to come round to his house during the summer holidays. I was intrigued but as I liked him I said that I would. He seemed slightly surprised that I said yes and we quickly set a date and said no more about it.

When the day came I got to his house around 9:30 in the morning. I rang the doorbell and there he was. I was a bit taken aback that he was still in his pyjamas. 

"Not expecting me then!" I quipped. 

He mumbled something in reply and ushered me in looking really embarrassed. What was going on I wondered, but an idea, an exciting idea, was forming in my mind. What was clear was that he wasn't going to take the lead as he could scarcely say a word to me.

"Would you like a drink" he said. 

"Sure, some milk would be nice" I replied. 

I was sitting in an armchair in his lounge as he brought me the milk and as he bent down to put the drink down on a table to the side of my chair his pyjama fly opened slightly and I caught a glimpse of his cock. Surely that was deliberate I thought and I caught a glimpse of his eyes watching my eyes. Now I was certain but I knew I had to make it happen.

"Biscuit?" he asked. 

"Yes please" I replied.

He walked to me and bent slightly to offer me a biscuit and I reached with my left hand to take one. His fly was opening again and I thought "Now or never" and with my right hand I reached into his fly and gently grasped his cock. He gasped and I felt it stiffen slightly in my hand.

"Is this why you asked me over?" I enquired. 

He nodded. I wasn't going to get much chat out of him today!

"Come here then" I said and he moved close to me. 

I pulled his cock out of his pyjamas and gently kissed it on the tip. He shuddered.

I guess it was a strange scene! One young man sitting in a chair with a biscuit in his left hand and a cock in his right hand pressed to his lips. The other was standing with a plate of biscuits in his right hand and with his cock being kissed by the man sitting in front of him.

He had obviously been thinking about this for a long time and I guessed he was ready to explode. I wasted no time and took his cock into my mouth holding the base with my hand so that he couldn't thrust into my throat. After all, if he was going to cum in my mouth, I wanted to taste it! His left hand came down onto the back of my head and he pulled me to him. I licked and sucked as hard as I could. He moaned and groaned and then with a shout pumped my mouth full of cum. He had needed that!

I pulled back and looked up at him and smiled. He smiled back as I licked the last drops of cum from his softening cock. I opened my mouth so that he could see his cum and he looked at me like the cat who has got the cream. I decided to show him how far I would go so I brought my biscuit to my lips and dribbled some cum onto it. 

"Yummy, breakfast" I said and proceeded to eat it washing it down with the milk. He looked at me with increased lust.

"Take your pyjamas off please" I said. 

He stripped in silence. God, he was lovely! Not an ounce of fat on him and a beautiful smooth skin. His bum was gorgeous and I couldn't wait to get a go at that but I would see how things went. 

"Want to take me to bed?" I asked. 

"Yes" he replied, a man of few words. 

"Lead the way" I said and I followed him up the stairs looking at that wonderful backside.

His room was small with a single bed which he sat on. I undressed and I could see the lust in his eyes as my cock sprang out of my pants and he couldn't take his eyes of my bum. I think I knew how this was going to go.

"This is your first time?" I asked. 

He nodded. 

"Shall we suck each other? I enquired. 

He nodded again. We lay down in the 69 position and I took his cock into my mouth where it stiffened. I felt his breath on my cock and I knew he was summoning up the courage to taste it. I let him take his time and concentrated on sucking and licking him. I cupped his lovely balls in one hand and squeezed gently. He was rigid again and then softly, very softly I felt his tongue brush the tip of my cock. I knew he was tasting my pre-cum and I let him get on with it. I was having a good time with his cock. His hand went around my back to pull me towards him but he didn't take it back. I moved a little so that it was resting on my bum and he slowly massaged my buttocks as he sucked me. He was so shy so I rolled over so I was on top of him and spread my legs and now his finger tips were close to my anus and he rubbed me there. I pushed my bum up at his fingers so that he knew I liked it and he rubbed a little harder.

"Would you like to fuck me Alan?" I asked. 

"Yes" he said with a shudder in his voice. 

"We will need some lubrication" I said. "I know" he replied and from a bedside drawer he produced a ½ pound pack of margarine. 

"You are prepared" I laughed and he smiled.

I took some margarine and greased his cock which had swollen size in anticipation of fucking me. Then I knelt on his bed and reaching behind me greased my anus to receive him. 

"Push the tip in Alan then take it out and put a bit more margarine on the tip and push it straight back in" I ordered.

He knelt behind me and I felt the tip of his cock on my anus. I pushed back as he pushed forward and the tip entered me. God that felt good! He did as I had asked though and he withdrew and then pushed back in and suddenly he was all the way in, his balls bouncing on my bum. 

I screamed "Yes fuck me Alan" and he started to push in and out quickly. "Slow down I'm not going anywhere" I said and he did, fucking me now with long slow strokes. 

I adjusted my position so that his cock hit my prostate more often and my own climax started to build. I knew he couldn't hold back for long and in fact I wanted to cum and to feel his cum in my bum. We were both moaning now and the tempo built and built until we came simultaneously, my cum squirting onto the cover of his bed. We collapsed in a heap with his cock softening now inside me.

After a couple of minutes he pulled out and I was tempted to clean him up with my mouth but he might have felt that was too much, so I just told him to go and wash. Whilst he was away, I cleaned myself with a tissue and mopped my cum off his bed cover.

When he returned I pulled him to me and kissed his cock. I lay on the bed on my back and told him to kneel over me. I was going to love him with my mouth. I kissed his cock then licked along its underside, he stiffened a little. Then I took his balls into my mouth one at a time, sucking them while teasing them gently with my teeth. Then I moved back a little and licked him behind his balls. I squirmed out from under him and pushed him forwards onto his hands. His head turned towards me with a worried look. 

"Don't worry honey I won't do anything you don't want" I said.

It was too early to fuck him, he wasn't ready and anyway I wanted to taste his lovely bum. I dipped my head and licked his buttocks I ran my tongue into the cleft of his tight buttocks and he moaned out loud. His beautiful star-like anus beckoned me and I pushed into it with my tongue. He tasted great, musky but just as a young man should. I tongue fucked him and he moaned and groaned as he experienced a man pleasuring his anus with his tongue for the first time. I reached between his legs and grasped his cock. It was rigid and ready for action.

Reluctantly I withdrew my tongue and said "Please fuck me again Alan". 

I lay on my back and said "From the front this time. I want to watch your face." 

I pulled my legs up as he greased his cock with the margarine. I was really ready for him this time and he pushed into me easily. His face was filled with lust as he fucked me slowly this time with long slow strokes. On one down stroke I reached up and pulled his face down to mine. I kissed his lips and slowly they opened and our tongues intertwined. As we kissed I knew I had found my lover for the summer.