 (Author's note: This is my first story, and I wrote and edited it by myself. Hope there aren't too many grammatical errors. Also I'm Canadian, so I spell some words the Canadian way.)






It was too early in morning for intellectual conversations as the trio drove along the winding country roads towards their destination: Major Goo's Paintball. Jack was at the wheel, with Sean riding shotgun and Ryan in the back of their rental car. While the three guys in their mid-twenties had only recently become friends, Jack had suggested the two come along with him for a day of paintball. After a brief stop at a donut shop for some breakfast the subject of their small talk fell to women and sex. Sparked by one of their comments on the attractive busty girl behind the counter, it wasn't long before the three were exchanging sexual stories and Jack was in the middle of a good one.

"Honestly, it felt amazing but the pressure to stay hard and enjoy it was overwhelming. The whole time you're thinking, holy shit I can't believe this is happening, this may never happen again, I'd better appreciate it."

Jack was a lucky guy when it came to women. Even as far back as middle school he always had a girlfriend or a string of girls who wanted to fill the position, but it was with his most recent girlfriend that he truly began to branch out sexually. A few months into their relationship they visited a swingers club. After having an awesome group sex experience there with another young sexy couple the two began a fairly regular routine of making friends with likeminded couples online. Before they knew it they had planned their first three couple play-date. During a break in the action, and while one of the other guys was in the washroom, the three girls decided to triple team Jack's cock with their mouths. 

"Has it ever happen again?" Sean asked.

"Sort of, actually. Right before my ex and I broke up last summer. She and I went out with some friends and at the end of the night we were back home with two other girls. Ellen and Sapna. Sean, I think you met Ellen at a party a couple of months ago, but I doubt either of you know who Sapna is."

"So what do they look like?" asked Ryan from the backseat with a huge smile on his face.

"Sapna was actually one of the girls involved in the first triple blow job. She's from Sri Lanka, so she's got this rich and dark beautiful skin. With big dark eyes. She's twenty-four, about 5'5 and curvy in the best way. Thick in all the right places you know? Her tits are incredible. 36G . She wears glasses most of the time. And best of all, she's a squirter."

"Awesome." Ryan exclaimed.

"I love it when I can make a girl squirt. It's so hot." Added Sean.

"She was very hot. She was amazing in bed, but doesn't walk around like she's hot. One of those women who surprises you with how sexual she is because she doesn't really carry herself that way necessarily." Jack continued, "Anyway, Ellen is a little shorter. She's twenty-seven, 5'3 blonde with blue eyes. Also curvy in the right places, but her tits aren't nearly as big as Sapna's. More like 32C. She's got a fantastic ass and figure and looks like a younger, softer Kim Catrall."

" I see how they kind of look alike," Sean interjected, "But Ellen is way hotter than Kim Catrall. Even a young Kim Catrall."

"Agreed." Jack smiled.

Jack paused. Perhaps it was time to let someone else tell a story. After all, he'd only recently started to bond with Ryan & Sean. Sean was good friends with Jack's new girlfriend, which is how they met, and Ryan & Sean were friends in high-school and now roommates. 

"So, the four of you are back at your place and then what?"

"Hah" Jack laughed before continuing his story.

"We went upstairs to the bedroom and quickly found myself in bed making out with 3 beautiful women. They were all making out with each other as well. Sadly, my ex was at the peak of her period, so we couldn't have sex. Sapna's boyfriend was okay with her fooling around with other people, but not full on sex. I could've had sex with Ellen, but it just didn't happen. I guess I felt like it would've excluded the other two girls?"

"Listen to yourself Jack. You fucking asshole. Ooooh -- It would have excluded the other two girls. Hash-tag first world problems."

The three guys let out a laugh.

"Okay finish the story. Listening to this is most action I've had in months, so tell us what happened next?" Ryan demanded.

Jack was surprised to hear Ryan hadn't been getting any action. Though Sean was clearly the ladies man between the two, and Ryan a bit more of an introvert, they were both attractive well spoken and wholesome dudes. If he could have a foursome with three beautiful women, surely these guys shouldn't have trouble finding company. But he continued his story for Ryan's amusement.

"Well, seeing as two of the girls couldn't have sex they just turned their attention to me in other ways. We were all pretty drunk, so the blowjob was sloppy and it was more like they were taking turns than collectively lapping at it. But it was still amazing. It didn't last long as they all went right back to making out. I just started jerking myself off as I watched them. They actually started to do the same."

Jack noticed Sean now had his hand clasped over his crotch. Maybe he was really enjoying the story.

"It was one of the hottest moments of my life. Watching three gorgeous women play with themselves, while they casually made out and felt each other up."

"You didn't feel weird, jerking off in front of them?" Ryan asked from the back.

"A little, but they were masturbating too." He paused, "It seemed like they were enjoying watching me and each other. I mean, I guess it's a bit embarrassing. Have you never jerked off in front of a girl?"

Ryan thought about it for a moment. "No. I mean, I guess I did over webcam with a girl once, but never in person."

Jack was again a bit surprised by Ryan's lack of sexual experience, and then immediately caught off guard by Sean's depth of experience.

"I used to Jerk off with my best friends in high-school all the time."

Jack and Ryan's blue eyes met in the rear view mirror to exchanged a shocked look. 

"What do you mean?" asked Ryan, "Your best, guy friends?"

"Yeah." Sean continued, "There was a group of about 6 or 7 of us who'd hang out, get high and watch porn and jerk off in the same room. It started out as just my two buddies and I at a sleep over one night, but we gradually kept adding more guys to the group. Eventually there were 6 of us one day. Yeah, Derrick wasn't there that day, but Evan and Steve were."

"You even came. Right in front of each other?" Ryan wondered.

"Uh. Yeah. We did." Sean stumbled. It seemed like he was starting to regret blurting it out.

"Why didn't you ever tell me about this before?"

Sean waited for a moment before answering. Jack began to worry that Ryan might actually be upset. 

"Because it just never really came up before." Sean replied, "That, and part of me figured you'd worry I was gay or into you. Or that I was bringing it up to see if you wanted to jerk off with me."

Jack was getting really nervous. He could feel his insides tensing, his heart racing. He wondered if he was turned on by recanting his own story, listening to Sean's or was it just the rising tension in the car?

"Stop." Ryan commanded.

"Stop what?" Jack shot back.

"Stop the Car." Ryan replied.

"But we're in the middle of nowhere." Jack protested.

"Yeah that's fine. Stop the car man." Ryan seemed a bit cooler, but Sean looked all the more concerned.

Jack pulled the car over to the side of the country road. It was secluded and lined with trees. Ryan quickly bailed out of the back seat and headed into the brush a little ways. Sean bailed out and ran off in hot pursuit. "Well shit," thought Jack "I'd better be there to break up a fight if there is one."

Sean had followed Ryan to a secluded sun filled clearing a little ways into the dense forest.

"Ryan. Talk to me man. What's going on?" Sean asked.

Jack caught up and made sure to stand between Ryan & Sean but made sure not to be so obvious about it . He was usually good at reading body language, but this situation left him stumped.

"Why'd you make us come out here?" Sean continued.

"Because we shouldn't do this in the car." Ryan replied.

Now it was time for Sean and Jack to share a look. What was Ryan talking about?

"Do what Ryan?" Jack asked.

"This." Ryan unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans and pulled them down a bit to reveal the outline of impressive erection in his briefs, which had an obvious damp spot right where the tip was pulling the elastic waistband away from his body.

"I got so hard listening to Jack's stories," Ryan was slowly stroking himself over his briefs as he spoke, "And then you start talking about how you've jerked off with your friends. I'd never thought of it before and as soon as you suggested it I realized we should do it. Right now. Together. Sean you're obviously fine with it, and Jack you've had group sex before so you're probably into this right?"

Jack looked to Sean.

"Fuck Ryan. I thought you wanted to get into a fist fight, not jerk off. Of course I'm in buddy." Sean chuckled, but then turned to Jack "Is this cool with you Jack? "

Jack had never jerked off with guys before, but he was really turned on. His first thought when Sean mentioned circle jerks wasn't disgust but rather, "Why didn't I ever do anything like that?" Now was his chance. His stomach was in knots, but his cock was stirring to life.

"Okay." Jack answered. "I'm in."

"Phew." laughed Ryan, "I was going to feel like a moron if you both bailed."

Sean hoisted his jeans down and shoved a hand into his boxers. He and Ryan shot a look to Jack.

Jack unfastened his belt and loosened his jeans. His cock was getting hard as he began to massage his shaft. He looked back to Sean & Ryan, each wondering what would happen next.

"So, when you guys did this before, did you take out your cocks or what?" Ryan asked Sean.

Sean smiled "Yeah eventually. I mean the first few times we did everyone was private about it, but eventually we just sat around naked." He continued to stroke himself as he spoke. "We'd all seen each other naked in the locker room, so why hide it?"

"Good point" added Ryan. "I'm taking it out."

Ryan didn't waste time. He lowered his briefs along with his pants. His hard cock sprang free and slapped him in the gut. It was cut and bigger than average with a faintly purple head. Ryan wrapped his hand around his shaft and began stroking with a quicker pace. His other hand reached down to cup his balls.

"Wow. You guys better catch up. I may cum fast." warned Ryan.

Sean was next to follow suit. His pants were down to the ground in a second. He stepped out of them towards the other two as his freshly exposed manhood lead the way. Despite being the tallest of the bunch at 6"2 his uncut manhood was only just over average size. It grew proudly out of a dense patch of pubes, which contrasted Ryan's more kempt pubic hair. With one hand on his hip and his other on his cock he began to pump himself, matching pace with Ryan. His head arched back and he let out a contented sigh.

Jack was last to free himself. His bright blue briefs fell to his ankles along with his pants to expose his uncut seven inches. Jack palmed and it and began to push it with a downward stroke. It grew harder as he rhythmically massaged and rubbed it to life. Pre-cum started flowing from the tip of its head as beads of sweat formed all over his body. With his cock at full mast, he gripped it tightly with his right hand and began to jerk it.

The three guys looked at each other as their fists thrust over their dicks. They smiled and chuckled at the situation they'd so quickly found themselves in.

"What are you guys picturing?" asked Sean as he sped up the pace of his pumps.

Ryan was first to speak, "Actually that girl at the donut shop this morning with the dark hair, glasses and huge tits. I'm picturing giving her a creamy filling."

"Oh yeah, she was cute." Sean agreed, "Fuck I wish she was here right now, down on the ground between us all, sucking our cocks."

Jack could easily picture it. She was short and curvy with pale skin and bright blue eyes. She looked to be 18 or 19 at most. She had a tiny stud in her nose and thick-framed glasses. He imagined her big juicy tits bouncing up and down before him as she worked his cock with her left hand and Ryan's with her right.

"Ah fuck that'd be amazing." Ryan was really pounding away on his cock. "She had nice lips, I'll bet she gives great head." He slowed down for a second and opened his eyes, looking over at Jack.

Jack was stroking in earnest. His face was flushed and he knew his cock was getting close to erupting. This sexual situation had caught him entirely off guard, but he was really enjoying it. Three straight guys, unabashedly masturbating in front of one another.

"What about you Jack?" Ryan asked.

Jack didn't really have an answer. He was thinking a million things at once; how cute the girl at the donut shop was, and how amazing her tits were; what if someone else were to catch the three of them out there in this situation; how fucking hot this situation actually was; would the three of them do this again in the future?

"Just picturing that girl now that you mention it. What about you Sean?"

Sean smiled.

"Actually guys I'm not really picturing anything, just letting myself feel the sun warm my skin and my hand working my cock. This is fucking awesome."

Everyone's eyes were open now, watching each other pleasure themselves. Twenty minutes ago nobody could have predicted the situation they were in now, and just five minutes ago the tension between the three of them was palpable. Now the only remaining tension was about to be washed away.

Sean let out a short deep moan and thrust his pelvis forward. A white stream of cum erupted from his cock, arching out and forward into the center of the group. He stumbled forward and using his left hand he braced himself on Ryan's shoulder.

Taking it as a cue, Ryan began to groan as his load shot out of his throbbing dick. Three thick jets of cum sprayed from his cock and he too stumbled a bit, putting his left hand on Jack's shoulder.

Jack couldn't believe it but in a matter of seconds his two new friends had just ejaculated right in front of him, and he was about to as well. With his final effort he threw his left hand onto Sean's shoulder, so all three of them were linked for balance. Then all of his muscles flexed at once as his orgasm rippled through his body. A large splash of cum fell across the streams of semen already littering the ground in front of him.

The guys were catching their breath and basking in the afterglow for a few moments, but it wasn't long before Sean spoke up.

"Well." He said, looking at the cum on the ground down below them. "I knew my day would be filled with white splatter, but I didn't expect it like this."

They all laughed.

"I'm just glad I didn't get hit." Ryan added, and they all laughed even harder.

The three got dressed and made their way back to the car.

As they drove off to spend the day playing paintball, each one of them secretly wondered if they'd stop again on the way back.

THE END...

... For Now.

Want to hear more of the story? Let me know.