 //////

Author's Note: Hey guys! So here it is finally. The second part of my paintball buddies series. I realize that last time I forgot to mention a couple of things. The meta-stories from the perspective of Jack are actually based on my own personal experiences and the characters are all loosely based on people I know. Hope you enjoy this next chapter and can patiently wait for the next one. Of course if you'd like to suggest anything, I'm always happy to read comments and receive letters.

//////

Sweaty bruised and sore, Jack, Sean and Ryan were standing around shirtless as they cleaned off their equipment after an exhausting day of playing in the woods.

Playing paintball that is.

Jack poured water over his short blonde hair as Sean and Ryan used rags to clean the dirt from their guns. The three of them were only a third of the total players who'd arrived to play as a group that day. As you already know, Jack had an eventful drive up to Major Goo's Paintball with Sean and Ryan and now all three were hoping that they'd stop again on the way home.

But there was one problem; During the day Jack's friend Adam who drove Chris and James up that morning, decided to leave early, so the two remaining cars would have to split the 8 remaining players. Though Jack had only met Chris once before at a party, Chris didn't really know any of the other guys well at all, so he offered Chris a ride back.

Like the other guys, Chris was in his mid twenties, fit and attractive. Unlike the blonde Jack and darker haired Sean & Ryan, Chris was ginger.

Chris was lagging alongside Sean as the four headed to Jack's Car. Ryan quietly suggested to Jack.

"Sean and I were talking. We both think it would be fun if we stopped again on the way home."

Jack smiled and nodded. "Yeah, that'd be fun. But I don't really know Chris and if he'd be into that sort of thing."

"Guess we'll try to find out." Ryan smiled back.

It wasn't long into their car-ride before Jack announced they'd need to stop for gas.

"It's an hour back to the city, so if you guys wanted to get some drinks or snacks or whatever now's your chance." He told them as they pulled into the gas station.

The guys went into the station kiosk while Jack pumped the gas. Soon they returned with ample provisions and the four got back on the road. Sean was in the back with Chris while Ryan rode shotgun.

"Hey Chris, sorry again about the friendly fire in that first round this morning."

"Don't worry about it Sean" Chris replied. "I'll get you back next time."

The four continued to enthusiastically chat about the highs and lows of the day for a little while before they all grew a bit weary of the subject.

"I guess since we're all gassed up there won't be any need to stop by that donut shop on the way back into town?" asked Ryan.

"Oh, you guys pick up donuts on the way up here too?" Chris asked.

"Yeah we stopped just outside of town, there was this really cute girl behind the counter with glasses and rea--"

"Really big tits!" Chris interrupted Jack. Sean and Ryan erupted in laughter.

"Yeah, the three of us actually took turns asking for donuts on the bottom shelf so she'd have to bend over and give us a look at that awesome cleavage." Chris recounted. "It was cruel, but so worth it."

"Yeah man," Said Ryan, "I kind of wish we had a reason to stop and check her out again."

"Her tits were pretty fucking epic." Chris added. 

"So are these!" Exclaimed Sean as he pulled a porno magazine out of a brown paper bag.

"Where'd you get that?!" Asked Ryan.

"From the gas station. Jack said get provisions. We've been in the woods with guys all day long, and it's a long car ride back into town, so I figured I'd pick up some entertainment." Sean began passing out additional magazines to Ryan and Chris.

"I should have caught a ride up with you guys! I don't think James and Adam would've been comfortable checking out porno mags on the way to an all guys paintball day." Chris laughed.

"I kind of got the vibe they're a bit up tight..." Jack went on, "I mean, I've known James for years and he's never talked about drinking, girls or drugs or whatever."

"Shit, do you guys have pot too?!" Chris joked.

Everyone laughed for a moment.

"Actually, I do." said Sean.

The other guys all shot him an intrigued look.

"I try to keep a joint or two on me for special occasions." confessed Sean.

"I'm in if you guys are." Chris said.

"Sure thing." Said Ryan.

Jack thought about it for a moment, and realized this could be the reason to stop the car they were looking for.

"I'm in, but we'll need to get out of the car. It's a rental. Non smoking. I'm thinking that includes pot." Jack chuckled.

The guys seemed agreeable to Jack's plan, and it wasn't long before the foursome had pulled over and found their way into the wilderness just off the high-way. Just like earlier in the day they found a small clearing where they could comfortably stand in a circle. Ryan and Chris brought along their magazines and Sean produced his joint and a lighter. He offered the first hit to Chris who passed his porno right to Jack.

"Lesbians. Awesome" said Jack as he got his first look at the magazine. "And they're not all airbrushed and fake. Are these from Europe?"

"Yeah. I'm not into Hollywood porn much. Everything is big and fake. I like European porn much better." Sean proclaimed.

Chris passed the joint to Ryan on his left before peering over Jack's shoulder at the images in the magazine. A brunette with nice round succulent tits was playing with her pussy while leaning in to lick her thinner blonde partner.

"Gah -- These girls are fucking hot." Chris exclaimed.

"Here!" Ryan exhaled and passed the joint to Sean. "Let me see."

Chris grabbed the mag from Jack and turned it around so Ryan could get a good look at the photos. Jack meanwhile grabbed another magazine out of the bag. It was another European porno, featuring gang bangs and bukkake.

"Wow Sean. You're into the kinky stuff." He said, flashing the cover at the other guys. On it was a busty women covered in cum kneeling down in front of a group of naked men.

"What?" Sean replied. "You don't think that's hot?"

"No I do. I'm all about the kinky stuff." Joked Ryan as he passed the joint to Sean. Sean inhaled deep and the pointed a question at Chris. "You ever cum on a girls face?"

Chris was taken aback, but only for a moment. "No, but I've given a few pearl necklaces."

"I've given a double pearl necklace." Jack said before inhaling a hit off the joint.

"What?!" Chris said in disbelief. "How do you tit fuck two girls at once"

The other guys laughed for a moment.

"No no no. It was double in that it was another guy and I. I'm friends with a couple and one of their fantasies was a threeway and they invited me. She's pretty hot so I agreed. We messed around for a while and eventually she asked me where I wanted to come. I said her tits and so he and I jerked off onto her tits together."

"Holy shit!" Exclaimed Chris.

"Yeah, we found out this morning that Jack here is big into group sex." Ryan smiled.

"Sounds like you guys had a very revealing trip up this morning." Chris replied while grabbing the joint from Jack.

"You don't know the half of it." Ryan grinned wider.

"What?" Chris scoffed "Did you guys end up having a circle jerk or something?"

Ryan, Jack and Sean shared awkward glances. They were trying to steer the conversation there slowly but Chris got to the destination ahead of schedule. What were they supposed to do?

Unsure of how to reply none of the guys said a word.

"Are you guys fucking with me?" Chris asked in disbelief, "Are you joking?" He paused, "Wait. Is this some kind of initiation or hidden camera show?"

"Relax man." Sean tried to calm him down. "It's not a hidden camera show. But yeah, we did jerk off together this morning. If three guys makes it a circle jerk, then I guess you could call it that."

Chris maintained a confused expression.

Ryan spoke up. "We had a fun time this morning, and we'd talked about doing it again on the way home. Course, that was before we offered you a ride." He paused. "But if you're not interested, we can just get back in the car. We don't want to make you do anything you don't want to."

Chris handed the joint to Ryan. He looked at the other guys as he soaked in the new information.

"Did you only touch yourselves, or did you touch each other?" He asked.

"Just ourselves." Sean said in a matter of fact sort of way.

Jack was feeling those tingles his in stomach gain. Was Chris going to join in, or was he going to go tell all of their mutual friends about their juvenile sexual shenanigans?

"Prove it." He finally said.

"What do you mean?" Jack followed up.

"I mean, if you guys aren't kidding me, and this isn't some kind of setup -- prove it. Start jerking off." Chris said calmly.

Sean grabbed the joint from Ryan and inhaled before he spoke. "Sounds fair."

The other guys looked at each other and smiled. Sean passed the joint to Chris and began unbuckling his belt.

"Fuck it." Ryan said as he threw his shirt off over his head. "It's too hot out and I don't want to get cum on my shirt." Sean was undressing too. He dropped his pants to the ground but kept his briefs on before tossing his shirt over a low hanging tree branch. Jack couldn't believe it was about to happen again. His pulse was racing, his cock was getting hard and his mouth was dry. After a long day of adrenaline pumping paintball action, this release was going to feel great. But Chris's reaction was giving him pause. Why did he want them to prove it? Was he going pull out a camera and record them and use it to blackmail them? Was the pot just making him paranoid?

"Jack?" Sean asked. "You in?"

"Oh." He snapped out of his daze. "Yeah. I'm in."

As Jack pulled his tee up and off he looked over at Chris who was still fully clothed, looking on in disbelief.

"Still think this is some kind of hidden camera show?" asked Jack.

Chris didn't say a word, but looked on as Ryan's hard dick came into view. Meanwhile Sean was still casually stroking the outline of his stiff shaft through his briefs.

"If it is some kind of hidden camera show, it has to be on HBO." Ryan joked.

"Nah." Said Jack "They never show cock on HBO. Just tits n ass."

Everyone but Chris let out a chuckle.

"Well here's another." Jack said as he slipped his shorts and briefs down past his ankles before tossing them aside. His dick continued to grow as it soaked in the heat from the sun.

For a few moments, Ryan and Jack worked their stiff cocks while Sean focused on his magazine.

"Okay, here's goes." Sean said as he removed his last articles of clothes. His full hard dick pointing straight up at his belly button.

Jack, Ryan and Sean all totally naked, slowly stroked their hard cocks as Chris gazed on.

"So," Ryan spoke "Are we making you uncomfortable?"

"No." said Chris.

"Do you believe us now?" asked Ryan?

"Yes." Chris confirmed.

"Are you going to join in?" he asked.

"I'm just stunned." Chris began. "I can't believe this is happening."

The other guys shared concerned looks.

"Should we stop?" Jack asked.

"No!" Chris replied. "I used to jerk off all the time with my buddies in high-school. I haven't in years because we all went our separate ways. And now I know three guys who're into it. This is awesome!"

All the guys laughed.

"Well what the fuck are you waiting for?" Sean asked.

Chris fumbled with his belt, which was at an awkward angle as a result of the growing bulge it was holding back. The other guys kept their hands on their cocks and their eyes on his crotch as his hard cock came into view. It was impressive. Easily 7" and cut.

"Wow" said Ryan. "Jack, I think Chris just stole the title of biggest dick."

The guys laughed.

"Yeah, he may have the largest dick, but I'll always be the biggest dick."

As their laughter died down, they all focused on stroking their cocks. It quickly became apparent to everyone they that they all were stealing fewer looks at their magazines and staring more at one another. Four hands all pumping four thick hard cocks of various sizes. Eight eyes all overloaded with erotic sights, and eight ears acutely attuned to the sounds of skin sliding over skin and short stuttered breath.

"As hot as this is guys," Chris began. "I'd love a nice set of tits to cum on right about now."

"Too bad that girl from the donut shop isn't here." Ryan added.

"But." Sean interrupted. "These tits are fucking awesome." He turned over the magazine he was holding to reveal a particular photo. They all leaned closer for a better view.

"Wow." "Holy Shit!" "Look at those" the other guys reacted.

The photo was another from the same set as featured on the cover of the bukkake magazine. Only it was a full close up on the brunettes beautiful perfect breasts and their thick layer of cum frosting.

"I think I'll cum on them too" declared Sean. "You guys are welcome too if you'd like."

The guys all shared a look. It seemed like nobody was put off by the idea. Maybe they were all intrigued.

Sean lowered the magazine with his left hand, just below his cock as he continued to stoke himself with his right.

The other guys moved in a bit closer, as they continued to pound their cocks. The other magazines were on the ground, the joint was gone and all that remained were four naked guys with hard cocks pointed straight at each other. The sounds of slick fists working over taught skin filled the air between them.

Nearly shoulder to shoulder they stood. To Jack's left, Chris the redhead, to his right the darker haired Sean leaving Ryan directly across from him.

"You may not get 'em first Sean." said Ryan "Ahhhh. I'm getting pretty fucking close here."

He wasn't the only one. All four of the guys were speeding up and pumping faster and faster as they inched closer to the point of no return.

Sean moved closer still. His hand worked his cock just a couple of inches above the magazine. Ryan leaned in close as well. His penis just inches from Sean's.

Without warning Chris leaned right in and thrust his cock forward as it erupted with thick white spray. Ryan and Sean didn't move back in time, or at all for that matter, and were both hit with Chris's jism.

"Ahhh. Ahhh shit. Sorry guys." Chris managed to say as he continued to shoot his load.

It didn't seem to bother either of them though. It only seemed to motivate them, as well as Jack. He was pushed closer to the edge and opted to lean in so he could shoot his own cum all over the beautiful centerfold. But he wasn't as ready as Ryan was.

Next, everything happened quickly like a choreographed cascade of cum .

As Ryan fired his load, his cock accidentally rubbed right across Sean's. Sean opened his eyes and looked down just in time to see Ryan's cum smack Jack right in the abdomen.

Jack was ready to fire back, and he did in full force. His load splashed across the tits on the page before landing a direct hit on Ryan's shaft and balls, just as Sean's cum sprayed out and across the mag as well as Jack's and Ryan's dicks.

The guys all continued to pump the last bits of cum out of their cocks and onto the dripping magazine between them leaving it a sticky goopy mess.

After a few moments of catching their breath Chris was the first to break the silence.

"Sorry about the friendly fire."

The other guys all chuckled.

"Well, you did say you'd get me back." Sean replied.

When the laughter died down they all got dressed and headed back to the car.

"So Jack. When are you organizing the next game of paintball?" Chris asked.

"I'm not sure Jack." said.

"Well, if you want to skip Paintball and just come over to -- uh -- watch some videos... we could all hang out at my place next weekend." Offered Sean.

They guys all agreed that it sounded like a great plan.

TO BE CONTINUED