 The wind was picking up by the time JC and Donovan loaded the dresser into the moving van. A gust sent Don's baseball cap skittering across the lawn and me running after it. It was late October and cooler, wetter weather was starting to prevail along the coast. The damp chill ate at the marrow in a way it never did in the interior. It wasn't something I'd miss about Vancouver.

There were still about a dozen cardboard crates of kitchenware, tools and other knickknacks that needed loading. I was halfway across the lawn with a box of something when I felt the bottom starting to give. 

"Shit—" I swore, before a hand caught and held the bottom flaps shut. 

"Easy does it," said Jake Anders as we lowered it down together. JC had brought him along to help with our move and I was suddenly glad he did. I shot him a grateful look, but he was already bending over to pick up the something that had fallen out. 

The heat crept into my cheeks as Jake wordlessly handed me the dildo. I didn't remember packing it. In fact, I was pretty sure it wasn't mine. 

"Oh look, Don!" hooted JC, pointing. "Your brother brought out his dildo!"

The middle-aged couple walking past on the sidewalk paused only long enough to gape before hurrying past. Donovan, across the driveway, looked faintly embarrassed when I looked at him. I hadn't needed a toy since my brother's fat cock had come along. 

It struck me that JC had helped with the packing earlier. Slipping a dildo into the boxes was exactly the sort of prank he'd pull. I yelled at him to shut up as he blithely went on about its size and girth. The language of imminent violence written in Don's demeanor and movements did nothing to deter him. 

"Hey JC," Jake called, placing a restraining grip on Don's shoulder. How the heck had he moved so fast? He'd been standing right next to me a second ago. "You think you could get me that roll of tape you were using earlier? We got to fix this up." 

JC made to protest, but one look at Jake and he thought better of it. He saluted cheekily instead, and sauntered into the house. 

Jake and JC's relationship had never been well defined, though theirs was clearly more than friends. This was surprising, since Jake was a thirty-something psychiatrist with the kind of average looks you wouldn't think twice about if you passed him on the street. In group settings he could be self-effacing to the point where you forgot he was even there. But then, when you did notice him, whether because he'd asked a particularly astute question or because he was assessing you with his mild, indeterminate-coloured eyes, you'd realize all of a sudden how carefully he'd been listening. Calmly reliable and perfectly unassuming, Jake seemed to know how to rein in JC's worst excesses, something none of his past lovers had ever been able to achieve. 

Kicking back with a beer on the old sofa later that evening, I made a point of asking JC about his relationship with Jake. Don was working his final shift, leaving the cleared-out house to the two of us. The sofa was pretty much the only piece of furniture we'd decided to leave behind, though even that had been a hard choice. Its busted seams were full of memories. 

When I asked about Jake, JC knit his brow and put his arms behind his head. To my surprise, his reply was devoid of his usual joshing. "I told Jake from the get go that I wasn't boyfriend material, and he said he was cool with it. But I know he wants more. And seeing you two... I think we're going to have to talk about it after I get back from the Caribbean. Might be time I settled."

"Wow," I murmured. "You? Settled?"

JC grinned, "I know. Shocking, eh?"

"You love him?"

He shrugged and sighed. "All I'm sure about is that I want to make him happy, 'cause when he's happy, I'm happy. And when we're both happy, the sex is fucking amazing." JC laughed and pulled me close. "You know what this means, right?"

"No, but I bet you're going to tell me."

"You and Don might just be my last fling."

"In that case we'd better make it a good one, eh?"

"I like it this way. Don's been my biggest fantasy since before I even knew how to touch myself. And you, well... you were my first." He ran a big toe up my leg. 

"That reminds me." I got up and took him by the hand. "Come on, I want to show you something."

Leading him down into the basement, I switched on the naked bulb and opened the locked closet I'd kept all the paintings of Don I couldn't sell. I'd moved them to my new studio in Kelowna, all except for one. I pulled it out.

"Oh wow," JC said in an awed tone of voice.

"You like it?"

"Hell yeah," he breathed. "Hey... This isn't our old watering hole in Lillooet, is it?"

"Yup." I was pleased he'd recognize it.

JC laughed. "That's so awesome! When was this?"

"The summer before last."

"Man. Look at that big hard cock, sticking out of the water like that." He licked his lips. "That face, that body, it's making me hard just looking at it." 

"The painting's yours dude," I said with a smile. 

"You fucking serious?"

"Yup. Just as long as you don't say it's mine. And if you do, I'll deny it until I die. Enrolment in Mrs. McTavish's life drawing class went through the roof as soon as Donovan started modelling, so plenty of other people have sketched him."

"My lips are sealed," he said, making the zipper motion.

I grinned. "I had to get you something for the dildo."

"Hey, I told you, it wasn't mine!"

I laughed and shook my head. "Right."

JC grinned. "Hey, maybe it's Don's."

"No way. As if he's ever bottomed. Or ever will."

He ruffled my hair. "I think he'll come around sooner than you think."

As I slid JC's painting into a cardboard casing, I reflected on the fact that my best friend wasn't the only person I'd gifted a painting of Donovan to. I'd given one to Mr. Princely, in appreciation of service rendered, though that one had been a safe-for-work version. 

As for Donovan's ring, it was snugly packed into a carry-on destined for St. Bart's.

* * *

As he'd said he would, JC departed three days after we arrived together in St. Bart's. He left on a flight to Mexico City, on a "business trip" that he hinted wasn't entirely legal or remotely safe, but not before giving us three heady days of threesomes. JC was the epitome of lightning in a bottle, a vessel supercharged by a lifetime of kinky experimentations. He taught us more in those three days than we'd contemplated in three years.

The sun was an orange ball of flame on the shimmering horizon of a Caribbean sea by the time Don and I got back to our ocean view suite. These trips into town were a thrill just because we'd let ourselves do in public the things we'd never permit ourselves back home, whether it was touching each other on the small of the back, or looking at each other in a certain way. I was standing on the balcony gazing at a sky that was an artist's dream when Donovan came up behind me dressed all in white and put a glass of red in my hand. 

Wrapping a thickly muscled arm around my waist, he said softy, "Hey you."

"Hey," I smiled at him.

"Remember the dildo you found when we were packing our stuff?"

I snorted and rolled my eyes, "How could I forget? I'll get JC back for that, I swear."

"It was mine," My brother said quietly.

I turned to stare at him. 

Running his knuckles up and done my sternum he continued sheepishly, "I bought it 'cause I was gonna have you try it on me." For some reason he couldn't quite meet my eyes. It was hard to tell if he was blushing or it was just colouring from the sunset. "But then, I thought, I didn't really want my first time to be with a piece of plastic. I wanted it to be you inside me. Just like you've let me in you... Because you're me, and I'm you. And that's that."

He met my eyes. We kissed. 

Simple. Pure.

"Wait. I got something," I told him. It was time.

I left my brother on the balcony and went to my carry-on. I came back with the box and opened it in front of him. Inside were a pair of identical platinum rings, white gold on blackened steel.

"I had Mr. Princely make these. It's got inscriptions, see, in Latin: Fortius quam fraternitas nullum est vinculum; 'There is no bond stronger than brotherhood'. I...Will you be my man?" 

My heart was beating a mile a minute, though I had no idea why. It wasn't as though I had any doubts...

"I'm your man," said Donovan softly. There was a catch in his voice. I let go of the breath I didn't realize I'd been holding. And then I was blinking back something in my eye. It was probably just dust. 

We put the rings on each other's finger. The middle one.

"I love you," said Don.

"I love you," I said back.

Another kiss. This one was longer. We hugged and took full measure of the moment. We'd made a commitment to each other, though we had no witness other than the setting sun.

"Hey little brother," murmured Don after we ended the kiss.

"Mmhmm?"

"I want you to fuck me."

My heart skipped a beat. I'd waited a good long while to hear him say just that.

"Ok, big brother," I agreed solemnly, touching his face. "How do you want it? Gentle... or rough?" I slapped his ass and grinned viciously.

His brown eyes widened, "Gentle! Gentle!" he cried. "You've got a—"

"—Big dick. Yeah, I know." I kissed him, tugging at his lower lip as I withdrew. "And I'm going to make you love it. Like I love yours."

I coaxed Donovan to the plush, king-sized bed. Pushing him onto his back, I straddled him and started unbuttoning his dress shirt, one button at a time, from the bottom up. I took my time.

"Hey bro?"

"Yeah?"

"Can't we go faster?" 

I'd never seen my big brother this submissive during sex. He wasn't one to ask permission; he just took what he wanted. This could be fun.

"Sure," I agreed. "Here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to tear off our clothes, flip you over like beef patty, and then rip your tight virgin ass with jackhammer strokes until you—"

A spasm of panic crossed Donovan's face. "No no no! This is good! This is good! I like it slow! Real slow! Gentle..."

I burst out laughing, and after a moment, my brother joined in. Grooves fanned out from the corners of his eyes and around his mouth. Laugh lines. Donovan was one good looking guy. And he looked his best when he was laughing.

The sun was going down fast. I got off the bed and lit some of the candles in the fancy room that must have cost JC a pretty penny. Some of the light reflected off the giant framed mirror nailed to the ceiling over the bed, giving the bed area a nice warm glow. It was one of the perks of the place.

I pulled off my tank top. Donovan sat up. I went to him and helped lift his half-buttoned shirt until the collar caught under his chin with the shirt still around his head.

"Hold it," I said, and Don went still. I lifted the collar over his jaw, just enough to leave exposed his torso, the dark of his nipples, his Adam's apple, the hair under his armpits, and the five-o'clock shadow around his mouth. They were all the components that defined my brother's masculinity save for one.

"What the fuck? I can't see," said Don's smiling mouth.

"Shaddup," I hushed and kissed him, feeling up his body and raising goosebumps on his skin as I humped his crotch. Yup, my brother was getting aroused.

He moaned and I pulled his shirt the rest of the way off, chucking it. His arms came around me. I pushed in hard with my mouth, putting him flat on his back again.

"You're getting strong lil' bro," he observed, kneading my shoulders with an appreciative eye.

I gave him a wolfish grin. "What d'you expect to happen with all that protein you've been feeding me?"

Don looked at me with hot eyes. "Maybe it's time you gave some back."

I kissed down his body until I came to his bulging crotch. Wordlessly, I undid the pant strings and tugged his shorts off. There was no underwear. A moment later I was naked too. My dick wasn't as big as Don's, or as curvy. And yet my brother was staring at mine with apprehension written clear across his face. Sheesh. It was like the guy had never seen his little brother's dick before. I had to pick up one of Don's legs and suck his big toe to snap him out of his trance.

"Mmm. I like when you do that," Don murmured, his cock twitching. I moved on to his other big toe. Then it was time for meatier stuff. 

"Let's 69," I said, and we slid into position like the practiced lovers we were. I got on top and bent forward. It was the best way to end up with both our mouths chomping on cock. 

The first trick of a good cocksucker was drenching the cock in saliva. My big brother had one heck of a long, curved shaft, so getting all that surface area coated took some doing. I liked to lick in stages, starting with the base where his dark pubes ended and his cock was thickest and working my way up. Usually by the time I got to Don's cock head, he'd be leaking precum all over. All that sweet juice for the taking.

By the time Don's cock started leaking, he was already done prepping my cock and was taking it down his throat. It was a skill my big brother had only mastered recently, after a fair bit of determination on his part, but that wasn't to say it was all selfless. Don didn't suck my cock just because it brought me pleasure; it pleased him too. 

Don was doing to my cock what he did often, which was to pull all the way out after taking it down his throat and then give it a critical, appraising look, as though it was a piece of handiwork he was crafting. He'd turn my cock this way and that, catching the light on my warm, saliva-soaked skin, making sure it was nicely coated, licking where it wasn't, making me moan with pleasure all the while. Good sucking made my cock bigger, firmer, closer to cumming, and Donovan derived satisfaction from this. 

In fact, I was the same way. We both believed a quality cock was best achieved by giving it our undivided attention. But today was a special day. I let go of Don's cock. I lifted up my brother's ass instead and began licking his crack. 

"Mmmrr!" was Donovan's muffled exclamation.

Donovan's outer sphincter was made up of little folds of sensitive skin, all radiating outwards from his hole and covered in a fine dusting of brown hair. JC had said that our asses were the most similar body part between us. I dipped my tongue into the hole, making circles around it. And then when I had it nice and moist, I blew over it.

My dick popped out of Don's mouth and he bellowed, "Uuuhh! Holy shit!"

I chuckled. It was one of the little tricks JC had taught us. When I'd asked how a total bottom like him knew so much about asses, he'd flashed me a dimpled smile and said, "Even tops like being rimmed."

I sat up, grabbed the bottle of lube on the nightstand, and moved around till I was kneeling facing him. I licked and blew his puckered hole a few more rounds, making Don do sharp intakes each time. His hands clenched the bed sheets, making his forearms bulge. Applying a good dollop of lube directly on his sweet little opening, I slowly rubbed it in with my fingers. I tried penetrating his sphincter with my index finger, but he was just too tight. His eyes were screwed shut.

"Relax, Don," I said as soothingly as I could, stroking his thigh, his stomach.

"I'm trying," he huffed.

With a finger still pressed against his hole, I leaned over and kissed him on the mouth. Then I whispered in his ear, "Relax, big brother... It's not incest if it's just my finger."

That did it. I pushed and my finger slid in. Don moaned. I moved my finger around slowly, in and out. Looking for the spot. He was so friggin' tight. And then I found it.

"Fuck, fuck, FUCK!" yelled Don, his hand grabbing my thigh. "EASY! You gotta...UUH!" 

I'd found his prostate. I was a little nub in Don's hot, velvety anal cavity. I was hardly touching it at all. I kept the pressure light, but eventually one finger became two (though I had to take off the ring first. Losing it inside Don's snug, lubricated anal cavity would have been problematic.) I stroked Don's cock once in a while, but I decided I really didn't need to. It was staying pretty hard. Bit by bit I was widening my brother for rear entry. 

The sun was long gone now, leaving just candlelight and shadow. We'd hardly noticed the passing of time, so focused we were on each other.

"You OK?" I wanted to know.

"Yeah," he managed, though it was strained. "Feels kinda good."

I grinned. It was what I wanted to hear. I withdrew my fingers, dribbled some lube on my cock and stroked it. It was pretty good lube and it had been warmed by the tropical heat.

"Shit," was all Don said, staring with brown eyes big like a moose. He licked his lips and his cock lurched. A moose in heat, apparently. 

I crawled on top of him, lifting both his heavy legs onto my shoulders. We kissed, our mouths meshing and devouring like the horndog males we were. My cock was wedged between his crack. I started sawing away, rubbing it up and down, teasing like he'd done a hundred times to me. You learned a thing or two from your older brother after you'd been fucked on a regular basis by him for a couple years.

I sat back on my hunches and said, "Flip over, bro. It's easier this way."

He turned, exposing a massive back that tapered to a narrow waist before swelling again to become a perfect ass. This clean-cut stud was about to be fucked for the first time, and I was the guy to do it. I was feeling pretty lucky. And it didn't hurt that we happened to be in love either.

I stroked that back with one hand while I used my cock to tap Don's ass with the other. I gently nudged at his opening, but he was clenched too tight. Evidently my brother needed to be sweet-talked.

"Easy there, big guy." I coaxed. "Just let it go. You're my big brother, my tough guy. It's the real thing, just like you wanted, but it's nothing you can't handle. It'll just be the tip. It's just your little brother... It ain't incest..." I started pushing. "...if it's just the tip." As soon as I said the last bit, I could feel him give and the head of my cock slide in. Just like I knew it would.

"Awwwwww!" Don yawled, his thick torso going rigid from having a cock stretch him for the first time in his life. 

I sympathized, I really did. But I wanted more of that heat, to feel more of his anal muscle sliding around my cock. So I put both hands on Don's waist and pushed in some more. I'd gone a good three inches in when Don suddenly yelped, "STOP! Pull out! Pull out! Fuckin'—" I started pulling out, but then Don hollered, "Wait! UHH...Fuckin' feel like I'm gonna shit myself... Go back—", so I reversed course and pushed back in, and this time I managed to go in deeper than before. Don yelled again, so I switched strokes again, pulling out but not all the way, nice and slow, feeling the pleasure building.

After that, either he quit making sense or I quit listening because all I knew was that I'd found a rhythm and I was breaking my brother in. I was taking my big-muscled, hockey-jock brother's virginity with every well-lubed thrust of my raw cock. Nice, clean, bareback sex. I must have been doing it for a while by the time I realized my cock was going all the way in and I'd made a tight, slick toy out of my brother's ass.

Sweat dripped off our bodies. It made the contours of Don's muscles stand out in the shifting shadows as he flexed and howled. Don's ass stayed up, which was good, made him easier to screw, though the slope of his back kept changing. Sometimes he'd be horizontal on straight arms, his fists on the bed, looking straight ahead and grunting. Other times he'd be biting the sheets. I reached around to touch him. My plowing action was making my brother's stiff dong swing at the air like a battering ram. 

I wasn't going to last long. I'd already made up my mind to cum inside my brother. It was just a question of technique. What was the best way to breed him? I wanted to make it a good load. The kind of thick, viscous load that was sure to stay in him for a long time. First impressions mattered and virgin asses had long memories. We all remember the first time our partners gave us their wet offering.
