 Don't Call Me Pantyboy 

I couldn't believe my ears. I shouted at my roommate: "What are you saying? Are you accusing me of wearing women's panties? Are you saying I LIKE wearing women's panties? I wear MEN'S briefs -- and they're COTTON!!" 

He smirks and says, "You know, John, teenage girls wear red cotton panties too!" 

I am apoplectic. My face as red as my underwear. 

"These are MEN'S string, bikini briefs -- I buy them in the MEN'S department!" 

"All I'm saying is, if you want to wear panties, you should shave your pubes -- all that hair you have hanging out down there isn't very dainty-looking!" 

Dainty-looking? WHAT? 

Before I could scream expletives at him, my roommate walked out of the apartment with that smarmy smirk plastered on his face. 

What underpants I choose to wear is MY business -- not his! I fumed as I went back into my bedroom. 

The only reason Mike saw my undies was because I woke up and had to piss so bad I ran into the hallway to the bathroom and literally bumped right into him. Damn my luck! 

I slam my bedroom door and push the briefs down my legs and step out of them. I go to the back of my closet and move the laundry basket off the cardboard box. I reach to the bottom of the cardboard box and find what I am looking for. 

I slide the pink, nylon panties up my legs until the lacy, pink waistband is snugly in place. 

I flop down on the bed and furiously grind my throbbing erection into the mattress until a mind-numbing orgasm once again soaks the crotch of my pretty pink panties. 

Lying on my back to catch my breath, I look down my body and barely see the huge wet spot on my panties thru all the tangled pubic hairs. 

Mike's right about that anyway, if I want to wear string, bikini briefs, I should probably do a little 'man-scaping' down there. 

Yellow Nylon Panties 

It certainly wasn't my intention to go to the bar wearing my yellow nylon panties underneath my black shorts. No, not at all. 

I swear to God I heard my roommate close the front door of our apartment leaving me alone in my bedroom. That's when I reached into the bottom of my underwear drawer and plucked out my favorite pair of undies. 

Yes, that's right, I love the feel of nylon panties rubbing against my dick when I masturbate. So what? Who doesn't? 

I was lying on the bed on my belly, grinding my hard-on into the mattress when all of a sudden a ferocious banging on my bedroom door sent shock-waves of fear and panic shooting throughout every nerve-fiber in my body. 

"C'MON, THE GUYS ARE EXPECTING US -- QUIT JERKING OFF -- LET'S GO TO THE BAR!!" my roommate shouts thru the door. 

I scurry as fast as I can to pull on my shorts before Mike can burst into the room and catch me wearing panties. Now THAT would be embarrassing! 

When I finish dressing I realize I made a big mistake -- my dick would not soften - I should have taken off the panties and put on my cotton, string bikini briefs -- my prick loves the feel of the nylon material too much. 

The only factor working in my advantage is I don't have much of a dick anyway. It's less than four-inches when it's happy and barely noticeable. It's not like I have a manly bulge down there, but still, how am I going to walk around with a hard-on all night? 

I slide up the black shorts and impulsively grab a pair of cotton briefs and shove them in my pocket. I'll change in the men's room at the bar. 

*** 

It took all my powers of concentration to ignore the delicious feel of the panties on my dick. My excitement was soaking thru the panties and shorts, but because the shorts are black, no one could see the stain on the front of them. 

There was one little problem though, in the close confines of my roommates car, I could smell the familiar odor rising up from my crotch. I hadn't gotten the chance to wash myself after I jerked-off. 

Some people say that sperm and semen has no smell, I disagree, it reminds me of seafood, and I was getting a good whiff of it in the car. I could only hope Mike didn't notice. 

"Oh yeah, Sam and Dave are going to meet us at the bar...Sam wants a rematch with you!" said Mike. 

Oh no, I thought. The last time I shot pool with him he was all over me. He pinched my ass so hard the huge black-and-blue mark lasted a week! 

Mike cleared his throat and said, "You know, John, Sam is a great guy, you could do worse." 

HUH? 

"What the hell are you talking about?" I blurted out at him. 

"He's got a great job and makes a boatload of money and every time he's with you it is sooo obvious how much he likes you...don't you think he's good-looking? All I'm saying is you should give him a chance!" Mike casually said. 

I was stunned speechless. 

Mike continued, "How long have we known each other, John? Ten years? We've been friends since we were eleven...in all that time you've never had a real girlfriend, I'm just saying..." 

"ARE YOU KIDDING ME? What about Peggy and Trudy and Gretchen? Hell, I lost my cherry in the front seat of Gretchen's dads car!" I protested. 

"John, we've been roommates now for what? Two years? And in all that time you've never had a girl in our apartment...good God, John, you've been on a grand total of three dates with three different girls the entire time I've known you, and you always find an excuse to stop seeing them!" 

"I admit it, I'm a little picky when it comes to girls, but that doesn't mean I'm queer...I just haven't found the right one yet!" 

"All I'm saying, John, is I don't care what you are -- you're my friend and I just want you to be happy...you're twenty-one years old but you act like you're sixty -- I can tell you're lonely but you'd rather jack-off three-four times-a-day than face reality!" 

"Mike, please don't..." 

"Fine. I won't mention it again...but I want you to know you're my best friend and that won't change no matter who you go to bed with!" 

My prick was no longer the problem. I didn't know if I should cry or jump out of the moving car. 

*** 

"Hey Johnny, over here!" I heard our neighbor Sam's voice call out the moment we walked into the bar. 

I saw him standing by a pool table with that wide smile on his face. It makes me feel good that he always smiles when he sees me, but it's kinda creepy, too. 

When I wave to him I instantly feel self-conscious. He doesn't hide the fact that he's gay, everyone knows it, so does my smiling and waving back to him mean everyone thinks I'm queer, too? 

"I'll buy the first round," said Mike and he walked towards the bar. 

I made my way thru the crowd and stood next to Sam. He put his hand around me and pulled me against him. 

He said, "You look delicious tonight, cutie, you wanna go out to my car now, or wait until later?" 

HUH? He read the confusion in my eyes. 

"Don't you remember I won the last game we played the other night? You owe me a handjob, cutie...do you want to pay me now, or go double-or-nothing?" 

OH-MY-GOD -- I suddenly remembered. A red blush covered my face. 

I had been pretty drunk and when he offered to play the last game for two-hundred dollars and I told him I couldn't afford it. 

He'd said, "That's okay, cutie, if you win I'll give you the money -- if I win you'll give me a handjob!" 

I had beaten him six straight games and was feeling confident I could beat him again. I took the bet -- and lost the game. That was when Mike came up and said he was going home. I left with Mike. 

Before I followed Mike out the door, Sam smiled and whispered in my ear, "You owe me one, cutie -- I can't wait to feel your little hand stroking my cock!" 

Oh my hell, what do I do now? I pride myself on being a guy who lives up to his word. I have never reneged on a promise or a bet in my life! 

I thought: You haven't had anything to drink yet, John, you always beat him when you're sober! 

"Double-or-nothing!" I confidently said to him. 

*** 

Once we were outside in the parking lot, Sam placed his hand on my ass and pushed me towards his car. I don't know why, but once again the nylon material of the panties made my dick hard. I never got the chance to replace them with the cotton briefs. 

He opened the back door of the big car and I reluctantly climbed inside. He sat beside me and pulled the door closed. He immediately turned on the dome light. 

"Sam, noooo," I protested. "I'll make good on the bet but only in the dark, okay?" 

"Sure, okay, that's fine," he agreed, then added: "but first I want to see the women's panties you're wearing!" 

OH-MY-GOD -- icy chills ran up and down my spine! 

"W-What are you talking about?" I frantically asked him. "I'm not wearing panties!" 

"Remember that last shot you missed -- when you had to lean over the table to reach the cue ball? Well, cutie, I saw the yellow, lace waistband -- don't worry, Johnny, your secret is safe with me...I won't tell your roommate or friends that you wear women's panties as long as you show them to me now!" 

OH-MY-GOD... 

"No-no-no, you don't understand, it's a mistake -- I didn't mean to wear them to the bar----" 

"OH? You usually just wear them at home?" 

"Well, yeah -- no-no it's not that, it's, uh, well..." 

"Show them to me now or when we go back inside I'' make sure everyone knows you wera women's panties!" 

I sighed in resignation. "This is between you and me, right?" 

"Absolutely, hey, we all have our little kinks and fetishes," he said. 

"Really?" I asked in surprise. 

"Sure, maybe someday I'll tell you my little secret - c'mon Johnny, show me your panties!" he said. "Don't worry, no one can see thru the tinted windows." 

I unfastened the black shorts and lowered the zipper, took a deep breath and pushed them down just far enough so he could see the top of the panties, but not far enough where he'd be able to see my pre-cum soaking the crotch. 

"No baby, down to your knees -- I want a good long look at them!" he firmly said. 

I hesitated and stammered, "Sam, uh, please, this is embarrassing..." 

"More embarrassing than me telling everyone you love wearing women's panties?" he asked ominously. 

The blood drained from my face. I took another deep breath and pushed the shorts down to my knees exposing my yellow nylon panties to his intense gaze. 

He silently stared at my crotch for what seemed like forever then surprised me by opening his slacks and pushing them and his boxers downward until his hard cock sprang into view. 

I was speechless for several seconds before I mumbled, "Sam, please turn out the light -- please?" 

He snapped out of his reverie and did my bidding. As soon as we were in darkness, he took my hand and rubbed it up and down his manly cockflesh. 

"Wrap your fingers around it, Johnny...yes, that's good...more pressure -- squeeze it tighter...oh Johnny, that is perfect!" he moaned. "Go ahead, I'm sure you know what to do!" 

And for the first time ever, I held another man's hard cock in my hand and began to slowly stroke it for him. I couldn't help it -- the feel of his hot and hard flesh made my own prick stiffen inside the panties. 

"Ohhhh yeah, keep going - that's wonderful," he groaned in the darkness. "When did you discover you loved panties, Johnny, tell me about your first time -- I swear, I won't tell anyone!" 

I guess it was a fair question on his part, but to me it only added to my humiliation. My 'panty-life' has always been a great source of personal shame. I can't help it that I'm weak and have no self-control. 

"A little faster now, Johnny, oh yeah, good boy...now tell me your story!" he said in a commanding voice. 

"I was living with my mother and sister and my sister and I took turns doing the laundry...I dunno what happened, but after awhile I found myself getting excited whenever I handled their underpants...especially the nylon ones...my sisters cotton panties were girlish and pretty, but didn't, uh, you know---" 

"Give you a hard-on like their nylon panties gave you!" Sam finished my sentence for me. 

His bluntness caused me to blush in the dark. 

"Faster, baby, stroke my cock faster now!" he ordered. "Yeah, that's good -- go on, did you wrap them around your dick the first time, or did you put them on?" 

"Well, uh, yeah...yeah, I put them on...and well, one thing led to another and I got so excited I shot the biggest load of my life into them," I confessed. 

"Did your mother ever find out her little boy's spunk was soiling her panties?" he asked in a snarky tone of voice. 

"No...no, I only used them when it was my turn to do laundry and everyone was out of the house," I answered. "I'd wash them afterwards." 

"You don't buy your panties in a store, do you?" he asked. 

"No-no, I get 'em online..." I said. 

He chuckled and said, "I figured you'd have more than one pair, heh-heh-heh...what other colors do you have?" 

Oh nooo, I fell into his trap! It was too late to deny anything. 

I softly said, "Red, white, lime green and uhhh..." 

"Pink?" he asked. 

"Yes," I said under my breath. 

"You wear pink panties, too? Ohhh, how 'precious'!" 

Now my humiliation was complete! 

"FASTER -- FASTER!!" he shouted. 

I was afraid someone in the parking lot might hear him so my hand moved up-and-down on his now-throbbing cock as fast as it could. 

His body suddenly became still for one second then all hell broke loose. 

"OH -- OH -- OHHHHHHHHHHHHH..." he groaned and I felt the warmth of his spooge explode from his cock and splash-land on my wrist and hand. 

Oh my God -- I couldn't believe I had just given a man a handjob! 

As soon as his body came to rest, I felt his hand on my panties gripping my own hard penis thru the sheer material. Before I could stop him he gave it several rapid strokes and my balls exploded and I soaked my panties with four-five spurts of semen and sperm. Oh my God, it was humiliating -- but very, very wonderful!! 

Sam fixed his clothes in place and said, "Pull up your shorts!" 

I did then followed him out of the car, but instead of walking back to the bar, he opened the drivers side door and said, "Get inside!" 

"What do you mean?" I asked. 

"Your roommate will be here another couple hours...we're going to my place where you'll finish paying off your debt!" he said firmly. 

"What? Sam, no, I can't do that!" I vehemently protested. 

"Johnny -- Johnny -- Johnny...you owe me another handjob and we're going to my place for a little privacy...do you want me to tell your roommate that not only do you wear panties, but that you just gave me a handjob in the backseat of my car? Do you really want me to say that to him?" he asked softly. 

Again, the blood drained from my face. "You wouldn't!" 

"Don't test me, Johnny?" he asked. "Now climb inside and text Mike that I'm driving you home!" 

I was dazed and confused as I slid into the front seat. I texted my roommate: "Sam is giving me a ride home." Less than a minute later Mike replied with a simple smiley-face emoticon. 

What does THAT mean? I wondered. 

*** 

I walked slowly down the hallway and stopped before Sam's apartment door. My heart began pounding. 

"No, we need to go to your place first," he said calmly then pointed at my door across the hallway. "Open it." 

I wondered what he had in mind as we walked into my apartment. I stopped in the living room but he continued into my bedroom. 

"Where do you keep them?" he asked. 

"Keep what?" I asked. 

"Your panties, cutie, where are your panties?" he asked with a bemused smile on his face. 

I blushed a furious red and said, "In my bottom drawer." 

"Well, don't just stand there -- you're going to bring them all over to my place and model them for me!" he said. 

"Sam, please, no, this is going a little too far, don't you think?" I said. 

"Okay, bring them out and lay them on your bed -- I want to see them!" he said firmly. 

I slowly pulled them out of the drawer and tossed them onto the bed. 

"No-no, put them in order!" he said. 

"In order?" I asked. "What order?" 

He smiled and said, "White ones first -- lime green second -- red ones next -- and the pink ones last." 

I hate to admit it, but fondling the nylon material gave me another boner. 

"Okay, that's good -- now strip and put on the white ones!" he said without a trace of a smile. 

"HUH? Here? What if Mike comes home?" I frantically asked him. 

"Hey, that's not MY problem! You're going to model them for me either here or at my place -- which one is it going to be?" 

Oh-my-God -- oh-my-God... 

"Okay, okay...let's go to your place," I said dejectedly. 

"That's a good boy, now you're thinking clearly," he said. 

*** 

He had me lay out the panties on his sofa in the same order. 

"Good boy, now strip to your yellow panties, you can keep those on for now," he said. 

I did as I was told and stood before him naked except for the cum-soaked panties. 

"Clasp your hands together behind your head and smile for me!" he commanded. 

Oh my God, what is this about? I wondered, but did as he wanted. 

Before I knew what was happening, I saw him taking photos of me with his cell phone. 

"MY GOD, SAM, WHAT ARE YOU DOING? STOP IT -- STOP IT!!" I shouted at him. 

He chuckled and said, "Too late, Johnny, why don't you slip out of those wet undies and dry yourself before you put on the white ones!" 

"NO -- I"M NOT DOING THAT!!" I shouted at him. 

"That's fine with me, Johnny, I'll send these photos to Mike and then post them online!" he said smiling. 

The hair on the back of my neck stood straight. Icy chills coursed throughout my trembling body. 

"THAT'S BLACKMAIL -- YOU CAN'T DO THAT!" I shouted red-faced. 

He calmly replied, "Yes it is - yes I can - and yes I will!" 

With tears of embarrassment in my eyes, I lowered the yellow panties and used the dry portion to wipe the rapidly drying cum from my crotch. I pulled the white panties up my legs into place. 

"Hands behind your head!" he ordered and I obeyed. 

He briefly studied me and said, "Something is missing here!" 

He stood directly in front of me. He first massaged my breasts and pinched my nipples then rubbed the crotch of the panties until I sprung a steel-hard boner poking out the thin nylon fabric. 

"That's better," he announced then resumed snapping more incriminating photos. 

I watched him hurriedly pull off his clothing until he stood before me in his boxer shorts. I stared at the hidden pole of flesh poking out the material of his shorts. 

"Ohhh cutie, you are sooo pretty in your panties..." he sighed. "Slip into the lime-green pair next, okay sweetie?" 

Sam's personality seemed to be undergoing a perplexing change. He was no longer making gruff demands, instead he was becoming solicitous and downright nice to me. His breathing became labored; the expression on his face had softened; his eyes glazed over. He appeared genuinely in awe as he stared at me wearing my panties. 

When I pushed the white panties down my legs and my boner stood straight out from my belly, he continued snapping photos. Oh my God, now he was taking nude photos of me. 

I pulled the green panties up in place and he took more photos. I felt lost and alone. My secret, guilty-pleasure was no longer a secret. 

"Sam," I softly asked him, "What are you going to do with these photos" 

He answered, "Johnny, they're for me to look at whenever I want -- I promise no one else will see them...sweetie, you are the prettiest boy I've ever met...you are a kind and gentle soul - you are smart and funny...I like you, Johnny, I like you a lot!" 

My heart fluttered. A sudden warmth came over me. I slowly peeled the green panties down my legs. I was no longer embarrassed or self-conscious of being naked in front of him. In fact, when I saw him staring at my little boner I was pleased with the lust and desire I saw in his clear blue eyes. 
