 I went to college in the fall of '69. I attended a large University in the Midwest. For my freshman year, I was required to live in one of the University dorms. Like virtually every other freshman, I had a roommate. His name was Bill. Like me, Bill grew up in Detroit and as a result we had a lot in common. We rooted for the same sports teams, grew up in similar neighborhoods (although I was east side and he was west), and received similar educations and scholarships.

The town that our university was in decided that rather than hassling students about smoking pot, they would decriminalize it, and pretty much ignore it, even to the point where we could smoke on campus and not get arrested, ticketed, stopped, etc. So, like most other students, we experimented with it ... well, maybe a little more than experiment. We would smoke it almost nightly. How we got through the school year without short circuiting our education is still a wonder to me. Oh to be young.

While toking, Bill and I discussed many topics ... Sports, politics, the sciences, travel and of course sex. Being roommates, it was obvious when one of us scored with one of the coeds. We used a signal (a shoelace tied around the doorknob) when one of us had a guest in the room. We went to many of the same parties and didn't mind hoofing it home alone if the other one wanted to party on with one of the young ladies. Neither one of us was a lothario, but we did have our moments. Bill even brought a young lady back to the room one night, after I had already gone to bed for the evening. I later found out that Bill knew that I had woken up shortly after they came in. We never knew if the young lady did, as Bill never dated her again. They fucked in Bill's bed, no more than 10 feet across the dorm room, whispering and stifling their moans. Bill told me that he thought of asking her if I could join in, but he didn't want to scare her off. I assured him that while I would've gladly joined in, that I resolved any uncomfortable feelings that I was having after he left to walk her back to her dorm (for those of you that cannot read between the lines ... I jacked off).

I guess its time to tell you a little more about Bill and me. Bill was 18, sandy brown hair, just under 6 ft tall and about 175 lbs. Like me, he was a starter on his high school baseball team; however, neither of us were talented enough to earn an athletic scholarship. I was 5'10" and usually weighing in at around 165. 

One night, while smoking, I told Bill about an encounter I had during my previous summer. I had come across an older woman having sex with a gentleman (who was not her husband). For reasons unknown to me, instead of kicking my ass, they invited me into their bedroom. During this encounter, I had eaten what is commonly referred to as a creampie (although I didn't know that reference at the time). I simply told Bill that I had licked her pussy after the guy came in her, and as a result I swallowed some of his cum. At first, Bill just stared at me, then he told me that I was full of shit ... things like that just don't happen to guys like us.

Bill: "You're making this whole thing up just to mess with me."

Me (Jack): "Why would I admit to eating cum if it didn't happen?"

Bill: "How the fuck would I know? I just know that you're messing with me."

Having exhausted that conversation, and having finished our joint, Bill and I decided to head to bed (our own beds). Both of us slept in our underwear, white briefs. When Bill removed his slacks, I could see that the mixture of pot and my story had had an effect on him. While we often saw each other nude, rarely did we see each other erect; however, we were both 18, and things do happen. I knew that Bill was erect under those tightie whities. I smirked and headed for my covers, hoping that Bill did not realize that now I was getting a bulge in my pants. Lights out and after a few minutes ...

Bill: "What did it taste like?"

Jack: "Her pussy?"

Bill: "No, asshole ... his cum that you ate out of her pussy."

Jack: "I can't really say that it tasted like anything in particular. It wasn't particularly creamy. It wasn't sticky. And I think some of her juices were mixed with it, so I can't even say for sure how much was his. I was just so fuckin' horney, I was willing to do almost anything."

Bill: "Would you have sucked him if he asked?"

I hadn't shared the fact that the guy had cum on my face before I ate her out, and the guy didn't really ask me if he could do that, he just did it. So in all honesty, I was able to answer him with "he never asked ... just go to sleep. We have early classes." Crisis averted ... at least for the time being.

The next night was a Friday, and we went to a party. We got separated at the party and wound up going back to our dorm room at different times. On Saturday, we found no parties, so after eating dinner, we went back to our dorm room to do a little studying (finals were just a couple weeks away). That lasted no more than a couple of hours and we broke out our bong. This was my favorite way to get high. Toking on a joint always seemed to make me mellow. Smoking a bong tended to take me to new heights. One of us put on the Moody Blues (my favorite group) and after a few hits each, Bill broached THE subject again.

Bill: "You never answered me. If he asked you to suck his cock, would you have done so?"

Here, I thought I was being sly in evading the answer to that question, but Bill was always just a little bit better at debate than I was. He wasn't deflected by my answer, just decided that it would be better to come back to that question at a more opportune time. I could tell Bill to go fuck himself, that it was a bullshit question and I wasn't going to answer it, but having lived with Bill for a couple of months, I was certain that he would keep asking the question until I finally gave an answer ... so answer I did.

Jack: "I don't know man. I was so fucking horney that I can't tell you what I would've done."

Bill: "So, you're saying that if you were horney enough, you would've sucked his cock?"

Jack: "I'm not sure. She was busy sucking my cock and wouldn't let me cum. It's just possible that if he had presented his cock to me at that moment, I would've tried sucking it."

We had continued working on the bowl of pot in the bong and it was having its usual effect on me. I never did anything stronger than pot in my life, but pot has always given me a good buzz, and I think this was one of my better buzzes.

Bill: "So, if you had someone sucking your cock, you would consider sucking another cock?"

Jack: "I can't answer that question. I doubt that I would ever be in that situation again. I still cannot believe that I was in that situation then!" What I did know is that this discussion was making me hard, and all I wanted to do was to run to the bathroom and take care of some business.

Bill: "What if I were to give you a blowjob? Would you give me one in return?"

Jack: "Right. You're not going to give me a blowjob. You're setting me up for something."

Bill: "I've never told you, but my brother and I played around a few times. We gave each other blowjobs. I found it an enjoyable pastime. It's a lot better than jacking off."

Jack: "Really? I mean really? You're offering to give me a blowjob, and in return you would like me to give you one? Are you a homo?" NOTE: I realize that this term is not acceptable at this time; however, please remember that this was 1969, and very few references were made to being gay, at least not in my circles. I apologize to anyone that is offended by that term.

Bill: "You know that I'm not, but none of us score as often as we would like, and as I said before, it's a lot better than jacking off." And he reached over and stroked my cock through my jeans. Now I really had to do something. I was getting horney enough, that I was considering doing this. We were sitting cross legged on the floor, and Bill stroked my cock and rubbed my balls. All I could do was let out a low moan. He then started to fumble with my zipper.

Bill: "So. What do you think? Do you want to give it a try? Are you horney enough?"

Jack: "You're going to blow me first?"

Bill: "Yes. Stand up, so that I can remove your pants."

I did as he asked. Bill unzipped my jeans, unbuttoned the button holding them around my waste, and slid them down my legs. He had me kick off my shoes and step out of my pants, all the time, rubbing on my cock and balls through my underwear. He then lowered my underwear, making sure that he dragged my cock downward with the elastic, thus allowing it to snap upwards once it was released. With Bill steadying me, by holding my hips, I stepped out of my underwear and kicked them aside. Bill began fondling my bare balls, and licked the tip of my cock. OMG. I love getting head, and at this point, I didn't care if it was my male roommate that was about to take my cock into his mouth. I was only worried that I would cum too soon. I wanted this feeling to last.

Bill moved me back a little, so that I was at the edge of his bed. He had me sit down on his mattress and lay back. He quickly removed his pants, shirt and underwear, so that we were both naked (except for our socks ... you CAN have sex while wearing socks). Bill returned to tonguing my cock and caressing my balls. He eventually maneuvered our bodies so that his cock was over my face, and we were going to do a 69. I looked up at the phallus above my face and realized that Bill was larger than me. I have about 6 inches (yea, I measured ... who hasn't?). Bill's was definitely longer (he later told me it was 7 inches) and slightly thicker. It was not as massive as the one that hovered over my head while fucking that older lady, but it was impressive.

Bill was doing a number on my dick, and I was getting that feeling that I would do anything to make this continue, so I raised my head up and licked the tip of his cock. There was something slick, and I thought that maybe it was some piss (it didn't taste that bad). Later I realized it was a little pre-cum (thank goodness). Bill then lowered his hips and fed me his cock. For those of you that have never been in this situation, the guy on top is in total control about how much cock is being fed to the person on the bottom. I have to say that Bill was being a "gentleman" and not feeding me more than I could take. I was a virgin cocksucker after all. 

Bill moved down, at least his lips and tongue moved down and started to work on my balls. He took one, then the other into his mouth. Then ... then he somehow got my pelvis turned up and started licking my asshole. WHOA! I don't mean whoa, as in hold on there. I mean WHOA, as in I cannot believe how this fuckin' feels. If you've never had it done to you, you've got to try it. I thought that I was horney before, but this was sending me to the edge. While I still had some of Bill's dick in my mouth, I had stopped trying to give him head and was just letting him feed it to me. Again, he was being gentle. I did not know he had so much self control.

At this point, Bill moved out bodies again, so that my ass was at the edge of the bed, and he knelt on the floor between my legs, and once again took my raging hardon into his mouth. He continued to caress my balls. Then he put my legs up on his shoulders, and scooted me down just a bit so that my ass was just off the edge of the bed. I then felt one of his fingers pressing on my pucker. While not as good as his tongue, it was definitely feeling good. My ass must've been a little slick from his tonguing, because I felt his finger enter into me, sliding right in to the second knuckle. He slowly worked it around, in and out, until I could feel his fist hit my ass on the in stroke. Oh yes, he still had my dick in his mouth, but he wasn't working it very hard. Don't misunderstand me. My dick was VERY hard, its just that Bill was not concentrating on it.

Bill started sucking on my balls again. He had removed his finger, and I felt him reach down (under his bed?) and fumble with something. When his finger returned to my hole, it now had a cream on it and he spread some around and in my hole. This seemed to make his finger slide in easier. I next felt him enter me with 2 fingers, while moving his mouth back onto my cock. He seemed to be able to penetrate a little deeper, and I felt something, that I can only describe as a click. Its like he touched a button inside me and I thought I was going to cum right then and there. One new sensation after another. I don't know what Bill and his brother had gotten into, but I think that I should thank his brother the next time that I see him.

Bill raised his head off my cock, while he continued to work with those two fingers in my hole.

Bill: "I want to try one more thing."

Jack: "Yes!"

Bill: "Don't you want to know what it is before saying yes?"

Jack: "Yes. No. I don't care. I need to cum. Please let me cum."

With this assent, Bill fumbled a little more down below my sightline and then tried to stand up, with my legs still over his shoulders. He leaned forward, and I felt his dick near my ass. He reached down and I felt his dick at my opening. As Bill was looking me in the eyes, I felt his dick start to slide into me. It seemed to get stuck a little way in, and then with a little shove, it just slid in. Once again. OMG. It hurt at first, but Bill slowly worked his dick in and out. I think that he could tell when the pain subsided, because he started fucking me with longer strokes and a little faster. 

Bill reached down and started stroking my cock, timing his down stroke with the in stroke of his cock, then up and out, in and down, up and out. Every other stroke in, it seemed that he hit that button inside of me again, because I was starting to get that feeling like I was ready to explode. And explode, I did. I'm sure that my dorm neighbors must've thought I had some hot, horney girl in my room, because the moan that I emitted, must've been heard up and down the halls. I blasted cum all over my chest all the way up to my neck. 5 or 6 good ropes of cum, streaking my chest. While I was cumming, it must've done something to Bill, because I felt him give me a good jolt with his hips and knew that he was cumming in my ass. Then he withdrew a little bit, and rammed it home again, and again. I had to admire his self control. I could see that he wanted to yell out like I had, but then the jig would've been up. Our dorm neighbors would've known just what was going on in our room. But Bill, repressed his groan. 

As we came down from our sexual highs, I asked Bill if he had done this often with his brother. He explained that while his brother and he had played several times, his brother was older and assumed the more dominant role, so that Bill was on the receiving end. Bill had found a friend over the previous summer that enjoyed being fucked, so that he had practice in both roles.

I was dumbfounded. I had no idea that Bill was "gay", but he reminded me that he still enjoyed sex with women. He just found it difficult to get as much sex as he desired with women, so when his brother introduced him to this other side, he decided to go with it. Bill told me that while he did not intend to fuck me when we started, once we got going, and I responded so well to his licking my ass, he decided to roll the dice, and see if they came up with the lucky 7 (inches). 

I told Bill that I never did get a chance to taste his cum. Bill told me that it was Saturday night, we had no classes in the morning, and being 18, he thought that he could give me that taste in a little while. Before the night was over, I got that taste. Bill and I remained roommates throughout college. Needless to say, we shared many bowls through those years, and we traded the dominant position back and forth. We both enjoyed the feeling of a hard cock sliding in our ass, and cumming deep.