 I appreciate all the comments you guys have made. It is easy for someone to give advice of my finding an editor or proof-reader, but hard for me to do it. I don't know anyone who would do it and I have been in contact with a couple of people, but never heard back from them. I tried real hard to find all the mistakes in this chapter. I am not a professional writer by any means.

Disclaimer: The following contains explicit scenes of male sex and a variety of consensual activities. This story may not be copied or posted to any other websites without explicit permission from the author. All characters depicted are above 18 years of age. If any of this content is offensive to you or illegal to access in your geography, please do not proceed. The characters are entirely fictitious and are not based on anyone who has or is still living.

Recap.

Jared didn't wake up fully, but just enough to know he was sweating. He also realized he had a solid hard-on under the covers. Jared reached under to reposition himself when he felt Liam was sweating as well. Liam was still lying on his side, right up against Jared. While Jared adjusted himself, his arm brushed Liam only to feel he wasn't the only one with a massive hard on. Liam must have sensed something because he repositioned himself and moved in as tight as he could to Jared, grinding his pelvis and hard dick into Jared's thigh. As Jared fell back to sleep he come to understood what the vision meant. The Creator had sent him a message. They both slept through the night with both men dreaming of what they hoped would happen in the morning.

End of Part 2

Jared the Paramedic Part 3 - Liam's time for healing

When morning came, the two of them woke up in the same position they had fallen asleep in. When Jared began to stir, Liam stirred as well. "Hmmm. What a way to wake up in the morning." Liam said looking at Jared. "I don't remember a thing." Liam looked a little at a loss and asked "was I good?" 

Jared laughed and said "You needed rest more than anything else last night and that is all you got. How do you feel?" 

Liam sat up and stretched, exposing his muscular tanned chest and spoke "I feel great. Good sleep and the bonus of waking up next to you is perfect." 

"Not to break the moment, but I need a morning piss real bad" said Jared as he flew out of bed. 

Jared still had his boxers on. The boxers Jared wore had a large bilge like a tent pole sticking out the front of them as he went to the bathroom. After closing the door he took a mouthful of mouthwash as he pissed into the toilet. Jared's thoughts were about Liam's body and he was finding it hard to piss. He finished pissing and spit the mouth wash out. Jared left the bathroom and was almost run over by Liam in the hallway who simply said "me next." Jared laughed as he went to the kitchen and started coffee. He turned and looked at Liam standing there, looking so sexy in his underwear. 

Jared reached out and said "Come here." Liam responded quickly and they were soon wrapped around each other kissing, tongues probing and hands running up and down each other's bodies. Jared cupped Liam's ass cheeks in his hands and pulled him towards tightly. They could feel each other's excitement as their hard cocks pressed into each other through their underwear. 

"Do you want some coffee now or after?" asked Jared. 

"After. Definitely after" answered Liam. Jared looked at Liam playfully as he poked him in his tanned muscular stomach and said "last one in bed is a rotten egg." He pushed Liam backwards and ran to the bedroom. 

Just as he got to the foot of the bed, Liam grabbed him around the waist in a football type tackle and they both fell onto the bed. They wrestled around, tickling each other and grinding their groins into each other. Liam was on his back when Jared pounced onto him. Chest to chest, their hard nipples sticking into the other's chest, Jared grabbed Liam's head and started to kiss him hard. Their tongues danced with each other. Jared started to kiss his way down Liam's neck, working his way back up to nibble at his ear as Liam groaned in pleasure. Jared kissed further his way down to Liam's nipples. He took the right nipple and sucked on it while manipulating the other with his fingers. He used his teeth to gently grab the nipple, pulling on it, doing the same with his fingers to the other one. 

Liam spoke in short breaths "OMG Jared. My nipples are so sensitive if you don't stop, I will cum in my shorts anytime." 

Jared stopped and looked into Liam's eyes. "We don't want that just yet do we?" Jared said smirking.

"No I don't want it either. Jared, I have dreamed about this and beat off so many times thinking of you." 

Jared leaned in and kissed Liam's perfect lips, enjoying the feeling. Jared kissed his way back down Liam's chest to his belly button, and twirled his tongue around it several times. While doing this, he slowly moved his hands to each side of Liam's tented underwear. The big and hard cock in that small underwear was ready to bust out like a jack-in-a-box. Jared started to suck on Liam's cock through the underwear and enjoyed the sweet salty taste off the pre-cum soaking through Liam's bikini wear. Liam was squirming and groaning under Jared's sucking and touch. Jared gripped the underwear and pulled it off. Liam's cock stood right up, all 9" of it. It was beautiful and uncut. The foreskin had pulled back to expose the big purple head leaking pre-cum like a faucet. Jared pulled the hard cock down and let it flip back up like a spring. The motion caused some of the pre-cum to fly and onto Jared's face. Running his fingers through Liam's bush, he licked the top of the dick, using his tongue to play with the slit. The other hand was sliding the foreskin up and down over Liam's dickhead. Liam was groaning even deeper and squirming more. 

"Jared, what are you doing to me!" hissed Liam. 

Jared smirked just before he ran his tongue around the head a few times before he put his mouth over Liam's dick and sucked. He kept moving so Liam's dick was going deeper into his mouth and throat. While doing this, Jared reached up and starting playing with Liam's nipples and chest hair. He let Liam's dick pop out of his mouth. Jared leaned down and took one of Liam's egg sized balls into his mouth. Once it was in his mouth, he used his tongue to play with it. Jared took the second ball into his mouth next to the first one. Jared was enjoying sucking on the balls while rolling his tongue around them. Jared looked up and obviously Liam was enjoying it too.

Jared let them both slide out of his mouth and he took Liam's long hard dick back into his mouth once again. Liam had been oozing pre-cum and the dick head was covered in it. As Jared started to suck, more pre-cum came out of Liam's dick and the taste was intoxicating. Jared continued to suck hard and he was now going up and down on Liam's shaft so deep his nose was at times in Liam's bush. Jared used his hands to pinch Liam's nipples and continued bobbing up and down on Liam's hard dick. 

Liam sat up but hung his head backward calling out "I'm cumming!" Jared was ready and took Liam's warm, tasty essence into his mouth. Jared was swallowing as fast as he could while savoring the taste. Liam was having one of the most powerful orgasms of his life, shooting blast after blast of cum into Jared's mouth. When finished, Liam fell backwards onto the bed. Jared licked his lips and swallowed the remnants of Liam's load. Jared crawled up his body to kiss him and to let him taste his own cum. 

"Oh my God Jared. I have never cum like that before. What did you do to me?" Liam asked. 

"That was all you babe." replied Jared. 

"What about you Jared? Can I do it to you? I want you to know something first" said Liam. 

"What's that Liam?" asked Jared. Looking into Jared's eyes, Liam looked concerned about something. 

"I have only been with a couple of other people. Blow jobs and mutual jacking off only. No fucking" Liam said nervously. "I am not real experienced at this" he added shyly.

"Liam, you have nothing to fear. I have never fucked another person. Fucking is a crude word. It is the release of one person's sperm into another usually without regard for the other's needs at the moment of ecstasy" said Jared. He added "I do not fuck. I make love. Making love is the ultimate intimacy between two people, the blending of two souls who share their life essence by seeding it into each other. It is the ultimate act of intimacy and love. There are other things to keep us happy until you are ready."

Liam looked into Jared's eyes and said "I love you Jared." 

Jared looked at him and replied "and I love you too Liam." 

They kissed long and hard. Liam rolled the two of them over with him on top. "My turn lover" he said. 

Jared just looked at him and said "Remember practice makes perfect." They kissed gently as they wrapped their arms around each other. 

Liam broke the kiss and sat up, straddling Jared with his ass grinding into Jared's dick. "You still have some clothing on big boy" as Liam reach down and played with Jared's hard dick through his boxers. Liam slid downwards on Jared's legs and pulled the last piece of clothing Jared had off with his fingers. Liam looked at Jared lying there in his naked glory. It was obvious Jared was naturally olive skinned but still had a light set of tan lines from what was most likely a speedo or something else skimpy he wore when outdoors. Jared's dick was very thick and at least 9" in length. There was only a light covering of mostly straight black coarse hairs around Jared's dick and they extended up in a beautiful treasure trail. The hair ended at his navel and Jared was obviously naturally hairless on his tight muscular chest. Jared's nipples were hard and sticking straight up. Liam looked up further to see Jared's neck and face and they were smooth with very little stubble on them. He had full lips and a cute nose. His eyes were clear, solid sensual brown eyes. Liam loved to look into them. 

Jared looked at Liam and smirked as he said "take a picture boy. It lasts longer." 

Liam smiled and reached forward to grab Jared's head, a hand gently placed on each side. He kissed him long and hard thinking his tongue will never tire of wresting with Jared's. He slid down and started to suck on Jared's nipples as one of his hands reached down and wrapped itself around Jared's dick and lightly jacked it. Jared was groaning as Liam played with one nipple then the other and going back to the first again. Liam slid down Jared's body until his head was right over Jared's dick. Liam still had one hand lightly jacking Jared's dick, using Jared's own pre-cum to lube his hand. He now moved his other hand into place to play with Jared's balls. Jared's eyes were rolled back in his head with sheer bliss. He used his tongue to lick around the head and over it. Jared was shivering with the sensations being given to him. Liam moved his mouth near the top of Jared's dick and gently blew air over it. The hairs of Jared's treasure trail stood up on end when Liam did this. Liam continued to breathe warm air over Jared's dick and engulfed as much of the huge dick as he could in his mouth. This was the biggest and thickest dick he had ever seen let alone had ever had in his mouth. It felt fantastic to have it in his mouth. Jared was enjoying his dick in Liam's mouth as well. Liam continued to suck on Jared's dick as he used one hand to slightly twist and pull at Jared's balls. Liam began to use his other hand to jerk up and down the big dick in his mouth. Jared stretched his arms out straight from his side and grabbed the sheets of the bed tightly. As he did that, his legs tensed and muscles went rock solid. 

A moan and a warning came out Jared's lips saying "I'm gonna cum." 

Liam took his mouth off Jared's dick just long enough to say "Do it. Let me taste you" and resumed sucking and jacking. 

Jared came with so much force his cum started to squirt out of the sides of Liam's mouth. Liam did the best he could to keep up swallowing but he couldn't. He released Jared's dick from his mouth and the last 3 huge squirts of cum shot onto Jared's flat stomach. Jared was now totally relaxed and laying on his bed in a good imitation of a dead man, complete with open eyes staring at the ceiling. Liam grabbed a pair of underwear off the floor and wiped his face as well as Jared's dick and stomach. Jared looked up at him with contentment on his face. Liam crawled up next to Jared on his side, placing his head on Jared's chest and the two of them promptly fell asleep. 

About 2 hours later, Liam was awoken to the feel of someone tickling him. He opened his eyes and saw Jared laying there pretending to be asleep but snickering to himself. Liam took Jared's hand and brought it to his lips and kissed it gently. 

"Hi" Liam said.

"Hi yourself" Jared replied. "Coffee time now. I really need caffeine!" as Jared got out of bed naked. Liam watched Jared's tight little ass was moving towards the kitchen. Liam loved the slight hairiness Jared had between the cheeks of his ass and spread down to his legs. If you looked at his legs and followed them up, it seemed the hair was forming an arrow pointing directly at Jared's asshole. It was so sexy he thought as he jumped out of bed and followed Jared into the kitchen. 

They cleaned up after enjoying breakfast together. Still naked, Jared reached out and pulled Liam into him. They rested their heads on the other's shoulder with their bodies tight together in a hug. After a couple of minutes Jared said "Liam, it is time to learn about another part of me." They parted and went into the special room where Jared had his smudging and prayer items. Still naked, the two of them went into the room. 

"Liam, I need to explain a few things to you. Kneel on the other side of the low table facing me" directed Jared. Liam did so and Jared kneeled down as well. "Liam, this is a smudging ceremony to purge ourselves physically and spiritually. It is the healing of the mind and the body. On the table is a bowl and in the bowl is what is called a smudging bundle. The smudging bundle is full of sacred plants - cedar, sage and sweet grass. We will pray to the Creator while lighting candles and burning the smudge. The eagle feather here will be used to fan the smoke over your body. The smoke cleanses you and the eagle feather carries our prayers to the heavons. Are you ready?" Jared asked Liam. 

Liam looked at Jared for a moment and asked "Is it ok I am a Catholic by birth?" 

Jared smiled and opened his hands palms out and upturned toward Liam and said "no one is perfect" as he chuckled. 

Liam thought for a moment and asked "should we be dressed for this Jared?"

"Liam" he continued, "We are here before the creator the way we were born and we are not hiding behind our clothing. Open in spirit, mind and body to the Creator. It is the way we were born into this world."

Liam nodded his head.

"I am a healer in the spiritual world. My Grandfather taught me many things as it was my path in life to follow. My spirit guide is the Bear, the healer. The Creator has granted me some abilities to correct things which need correcting or are not right. These abilities were given to me after my vision quest. I have learned to turn off the gifts, except when I need to use them or they come forward in my mind with a task. Liam, every person has a path to walk in life and make decisions as to how they travel the route. I am sometimes in a position to help them to get them back onto the correct one. These people are like a link in a chain. Some of these people will have a direct impact on other people, or they will set up conditions where another person does have an impact" explained Jared.

"I am considered a Shaman by some, a Christian in other environments. The two beliefs work well together. In reality, when you understand the spiritualism of the First Nations, you find a lot of commonalities or parallels with most of the dominant larger faiths. After all, we were practicing our spirituality many hundreds of years before the major faiths of the dominant cultures came about." 

Liam looked and asked "Is this why I hear you pray each time you work on a patient?" 

"Yes it is Liam" Jared said. "I am just a link in the chain from the creator, and nothing special. I am as human as the next person Liam. I am just a man who does what the Creator needs. We shall start now."

Jared used a wooden match to light the first candle. While doing this, he chanted "I invoke the light of the God within. I am a clear and perfect channel. The Light is my guide." 

Jared did this for each of the 3 candles. Using the centre candle, he lit the smudging bundle, and tapped it slightly in the bowl until the flames were out and smoke was rising from it. Jared stood up. He drew the smoke with his hands towards his heart, and over his head. He did this for each arm, over his shoulders and pushing the smoke down his back, his stomach, the groin, and each leg as well as under the feet. While doing this, he chanted prayers which Liam immediately realized were not in English. 

Jared stood up and said to Liam "Stand with your legs apart and your arms away from your body slightly, palms facing me." Liam complied and took the position. Jared picked up the smudge and the eagle feather. He began to chant again as he used the feather to push the smoke to Liam's heart. 

Jared said "we cleanse our hearts so that our hearts will feel the truth, grow with us in harmony and balance, be good and pure, be open to show compassion, gentleness and caring for others. 

Jared asked "Liam, use your cupped hands to pull the smoke over your head and down your back." Liam did so. "Stand as before" Jared said and spread smoke down the arm before moving to Liam's chest. He spread smoke over Liam's abdomen, and groin. He used the smoke to cleanse Liam's legs. Jared repeated the process of using the eagle feather to spread smoke down Liam's back, arms, lower back, buttocks and down each leg. He asked Liam to raise one foot up. The bottom of the foot was smudged and Liam got the idea to put his foot down and lift the other. 

"We cleanse our feet so that our feet will seek to walk the true path, seek balance and harmony, lead us closer to our families, friends, community, walk closer to our loved ones and help us to flee our enemies, and lead us closer to our Creator" said Jared. 

"Please kneel as you were before Liam" asked Jared. Jared then went through the same procedure on himself, cleansing his body. They were both kneeling when Jared resumed. 

He rolled the smudge bundle until it was out and then snuffed each candle while saying "The father, the Son and the Holy Spirit, the Creator." 

Jared looked at Liam and asked, "How do you feel?" 

Liam looked at him and replied "Happy, peaceful, I can't describe what I am feeling in words. I have clarity in my mind like never before and I feel energised. I now understand losing the patient yesterday was just part of the life cycle. We can't fix or save everyone. It is the path of life" 

"That is the way it is meant to be. You now know what it is to be cleansed" said Jared. Jared looked at Liam and with a sly look said "it's pretty fucking awesome isn't it."

Liam stared, giggled and then started laughing. They both stood and hugged each other tightly. Jared said "let's have a shower and hit the gym for a workout. Afterwards, we need to shop for a few things including some more food." 

Jared led Liam to the shower and turned the water on, setting it to a good temperature. The shower was a larger shower, 2 tiled walls and 2 glass walls. There was a rainwater style shower head over the top of it, allowing the water to pour down onto the person feeling similar to a heavy summer rain. Jared led Liam into the shower and turned to pull him for a kiss. They stood there kissing, allowing the water to run over their heads and down their naked bodies. Jared stepped back and grabbed the shower gel squirting into his hands. He placed his hands onto Liam's shoulders and started to wash them. Reaching for a face cloth, he squirted more gel into it and rubbed it all over Liam's chest and groin. 
