 Day 5

Throughout the night I had these flashes, like I would wake up and find myself in the middle of having sex. At one point I was on my back and someone, I suspect it was Linda, was slowly, sensuously riding my cock. Then later I awoke with Todd sucking me off. Then later I drifted out of sleep with a pussy in my face which I proceeded to lavish orally and later, without knowing how it had begun, I realized that someone was fucking my ass.

When I awoke in the morning I didn't know if I had dreamt it or if it had been real. All I knew was that I had enjoyed every minute with the Archers. I staggered toward the shower, my body still aching pleasantly from the night's activities and found Todd already showering. He turned to see me and smiled as I entered.

"Morning Sexy." He said and reached out to give my prick a few quick strokes with a soapy hand. I returned the gesture before stepping beneath the spray and soaking in the heat. As the water cascaded down me I mused at the memory of fucking the young man in the ass while his father slid his hard dick up my own ass. I thought myself to be liberal minded about sex, but just a week ago I couldn't have envisioned doing such a thing. 

Once I felt clean and refreshed I headed for the kitchen to take care of the rumbling in my stomach. Sara and Jeff were there taking containers out of paper bags. They had ordered room service for breakfast.

Soon the others had showered and joined us in the kitchen where we enjoyed bagels, fresh fruit and hot coffee. We talked some about what we had done the night before and all agreed that it had been about as enjoyable an evening as any of us had ever had. When breakfast was over we said our goodbyes and Linda made sure to tell us that if we were ever in the mood for some more fun that all we needed to do was stop by.

On the walk back to our place I started thinking about what I was going to do for the rest of the day. It was still early and a chill clung to the air. That's when I decided that I was going to go play a round of golf. The resort had a full golf course, after all, and I had always enjoyed the game and just because the primary attraction of this resort was casual public sex it didn't mean that I couldn't enjoy some of the other facilities that Paradiso had to offer.

When Sara and I got back to the apartment I told her of my idea and she didn't seem perturbed at the prospect of finding her own entertainment, so I got out the resort directory, read up on the golf facilities and called to see if I could get an early tee-time. A man's voice on the other end of the line informed me that if I was willing to pair up with another gentleman that I could tee off in half an hour. Otherwise I would need to wait two hours.

I didn't mind pairing up for a game, as I always found a little light conversation made the game more enjoyable. I knew that conversation is all it would be as well, since on the course was one of the few places where fucking wasn't allowed. I kissed Sara goodbye and headed further inland.

Twenty minutes later I arrived and checked in. The place was fairly busy with a lot of men my age and older, most with pink anklets. A skinny Asian man sitting at the front desk took my reservation and pressed a button on top of the desk. I heard an electronic buzzer in the distance and a perky young woman with dark hair in a cute little bob cut and a black anklet came out to meet me.

She introduced herself as Sherri and said that my partner had arrived just ahead of me. She instructed me to follow her so that I could get squared away with everything I needed. As she led the way I got an eyeful of her sweet little ass. I knew that even if I wasn't supposed to touch I could still look.

We arrived at a large equipment window and a man was standing in front of it. Sherri got his attention and introduced him as Lawrence. We shook hands and I checked him out briefly. He was white with brown eyes and hair, maybe a few years older than me, well groomed and in good shape and he wore a pink anklet, just like I had when I first arrived.

Once the pleasantries were out of the way the staff behind the window, a pair of middle aged but still quite fit men set us up with golf cleats, the keys to a pair of lockers that would contain our clubs and a third set of keys to one of the golf carts labeled #14. Once we were situated with all of our stuff Lawrence and I headed out to the first hole.

For the first few holes it was indistinguishable, excepting the lack of clothes, from any other day on the links. We talked about our work, our lives, how much golf we had played and where. Lawrence was a successful real estate agent who had gotten married right out of high school to a really sexually repressed girl and the last four years of their marriage had been basically bereft of both sex and love, so when they divorced last fall he decided to try and make up for lost time here.

By the fifth hole we had begun discussing sex Lawrence awkwardly mentioned my lack of an anklet. I explained to him that before this week I had never once been with a man, but that I had decided that I was going to try something new, and that I wouldn't let it redefine who I was. I had been with a few transsexuals and a few men and I had enjoyed it very much but that didn't change the fact that I was attracted to women and it certainly didn't change how dedicated I was to Sara.

Lawrence was silent for a while as he chewed on that and for the next two holes it was just more small talk and golf. I was a bit rusty but still having a fairly good game for not having played in nearly a year. On hole eight, Lawrence broke the silence.

"So," he stammered shyly "what was... what was it like?"

"What?"

"You know... being with..."

"Having sex with a man." I said, matter-of-factly. Best to just put it out there, I thought. Lawrence nodded.

"His name was Liam." I began. "He works here but he was off duty. He brought his girlfriend Devi and had dinner with me and Sara. The two women kind of eased me into it. I had sex with Devi and Liam fucked Sara. Then Sara invited me to give him a blowjob while he was still covered in her poontang. Kind of like how a lick of salt and a lime wedge makes the first shot of tequila easier."

Lawrence laughed at that and the tension started to melt away.

"Then after that he fucked me. He knew what he was doing and he took his time. It was different but it was really good. Since then I've been with a couple other guys and some t-girls. Do yourself a favor. Even if you never try a real cock, find a girl who likes to use a strap-on. Anal sex is amazing with someone who knows how to do it."

Lawrence looked down and his eyes bulged a little before he looked away hurriedly. I didn't need to look down to know that all this talk had given me quite a hard-on. I just teed up and played on like nothing had happened.

The rest of the round was uneventful. It was approaching noon and the sun was growing rather hot. We both agreed that we would rather go get some lunch than finish the rest of the course, so we took the cart back to the clubhouse and turned in our equipment. We then headed into the locker room to rinse off the smell of sweat and grass.

It began as a regular shower, but at one point I got that funny feeling, like you were being watched. It was too quiet. So I turned to see Lawrence standing out of the spray of hot water. He was just staring at me with a nervous look on his face and a six inch erection. I looked into his eyes to see if he wanted what I thought he wanted.

For a minute that seemed to stretch out to infinity we just looked at one another, motionless. I knew he wouldn't make the first move, so I did. I stepped toward him and he didn't retreat. I reached out to take hold of his throbbing prick and he still didn't move. When I began stroking his sensitive meat his eyes slid closed and he tilted his head back a little, enjoying the sensations.

I ran my fingers up and down his length for a few minutes before reaching underneath to stroke his balls. They hung loose from the heat and my fingers glided through the wet hair and soapy skin. He was a bit trimmed, but not shaved bald like me. When he opened his eyes again all the hesitation was gone and I knew that he wanted to see where this was going.

I slid to my knees, took hold of his cock by the base and aimed the head at my mouth. I began slowly, licking up and down the shaft and tickling the head, then lifted it up so I could tongue the low hanging balls before returning once more to his penis. I then took the head in my mouth and applied all the lessons I had learned so far about orally pleasing a cock.

Lawrence's tool felt good in my mouth. Being only average in size it was pretty easy taking the whole thing at once and soon I was sliding my lips up and down the whole length of the shaft, caressing the underside with my tongue on each inward stroke and swirling it around the tip when the tip was all that remained in my mouth. I would have smiled at the sound of his moans if my mouth were not otherwise occupied.

I played with his balls and rubbed a fingertip against his taint, drawing more, louder moans and soon the muscle spasms in his groin began. I knew that he would be cumming soon so I waited until the last moment before pulling my mouth away and stroking him vigorously with my hand. His cock leapt in my grip and I looked up as he looked down. Our eyes locked on one another.

The first jet of hot semen shot out of the tip of his cock and hit my chest, followed by a second, third and fourth. His cock spasmed several more times as the remains of his load oozed out of him and dropped into the swirling water on the shower floor. Lawrence smiled at me and panted as I stood up and got back under the showerhead to wash off his seed. I saw him take a look at the wood I was sporting, but decided not to make an issue of it. Best to just see where it goes, I thought.

We didn't say a word to each other as we left the shower room and dried off. But when he sat down on the bench in front of a row of lockers he came face to face with my hard prick and when I saw the way he was staring I decided to test the waters. I took a step closer to see if he would recoil, and when he didn't I took another.

A third step brought me within reach, and when he extended a hand to take a hold of it I just let him go at his own pace. After giving it a few slow strokes he looked up at me.

"I've never touched a man before."

"How is it?" I asked. He gave it a few more strokes before answering.

"Nice."

Lawrence started to lean in a little, so I stepped in closer and waited. He began by licking a tiny bead of precum from the tip and I watched his face as he deliberated on whether or not he liked the taste. When his expression didn't turn sour I stepped in a little closer and he began licking the head while he continued to stroke the shaft.

His cock sucking was slow and tentative, but no less so than mine had been that day on the beach with Jessie. Soon he pulled back and took one last look at the meat jutting from my groin before taking the head in his mouth and beginning to lick and suck at the same time. I was enjoying the feeling and he was becoming bolder, taking more of me into his mouth when I heard something over my shoulder.

I turned to see what it was and six men were standing there, naked and smiling. I shifted my body when I saw them and this pulled my cock out of Lawrence's mouth. When he saw our audience he immediately became red-faced and embarrassed. He began stammering out an apology and that he had to be somewhere. And in record time he disappeared from the room, leaving me hot and aching.

The men who had gathered to watch the show chuckled at Lawrence's speedy departure and I turned to get a better look at them.

I immediately noticed that two were black and one Hispanic, and the remaining three were white. All of them appeared to be in an either erect, or semi-erect state and while two of them wore anklets, one blue and the other a blue and a purple, the rest wore none, like me.

"I don't know what straight guys get so freaked out about." one of them, a white guy with sandy blonde hair and a football player's physique, said. "What does he think clubs like this are for?" I saw that he was the one wearing the blue and purple anklets.

"Don't be too harsh." I answered. "I was him a couple days ago."

"Sorry to be a bunch of cock-blockers." One of the black men said. He was very dark skinned and had a voice like Barry White, and while he had only an average sized tool, but he was built like a tank.

"It's alright." I said with a shrug.

"No, it's not." Another of the white men spoke up. He had piercing blue eyes that held me in a piercing gaze. He was muscular, but not bulky and the most striking thing about him was that aside from brown eyebrows he didn't appear to have a single hair anywhere on his body.

"Never let it be said that we don't help a guy get off in his hour of need. Right guys?" The others chuckled at this. So the hairless guy was the leader, I thought.

"Well, care to join us, then?"

I thought about it for a moment. This wasn't going to be some group fun where I mix it up with some guys in addition to the girls, or a romp with women who just happened to also have dicks. I was being invited into an all-out gay orgy. This would be the last step in my journey to the bi-side, if I wasn't there already. Why the fuck not, I thought.

"Sure." I said, returning their smiles.

From there we made with a few preliminary introductions. The big black side of beef was Andre. The slim, lighter skinned black man was Darren. He wore the blue anklet and sported an impressive ten inch tool as long as Jessie's though not quite as thick. The blonde guy was Greg and the Hispanic man's name was Pedro. The other white guy had short cropped black hair and some LGBT themed tattoos marking him for a guy with few sexual boundaries regardless of the lack of an anklet. His name was Terry.

The last guy to introduce himself, the bald, smooth skinned leader of the group was called Vance. Where the others were relaxed or vaguely lecherous in their manner, Vance was intense and serious. Even when he smiled his eyes seemed to cut right to the core of me and made me feel as if he could hear my thoughts.

"We were about to start up a little game we like to play." Vance announced. "It's called the meat train." Colorful name, I thought, trying not to laugh aloud.

"Since you're the new guy you'll be the engine. That means you'll lie on your back and choose a guy to fuck you." We're off to a flying start, I thought. "Then the guy fucking you chooses a guy to fuck him, and so on. When the first guy cums, he becomes the new engine and the guy whose ass he came in becomes the caboose while everyone else keeps their place in the train."

They were inventive. I had to give them that.

"The game is over when there is only one guy left on the train that hasn't gotten off. He then becomes the boss and everyone else has to do what he says for the rest of the session."

"Sounds like fun." I said in earnest. "Shall we?"

The six of us went into the next room where there was a small table set up, the sort of thing you would have in a locker room for a player to sit or lie on while a trainer was looking over an injury. I sat up on the table and the others waited for me to choose a man. I looked over their faces and couldn't help but be drawn to those intense blue eyes.

"Vance." I said.

Darren opened a large cabinet attached to the wall and retrieved a large bottle of lube. Vance never took his eyes from mine as he took the bottle and rubbed a generous amount on his seven stiff inches. He then stepped forward, pushed me onto my back, lifted my leg with one hand and began rubbing his oily fingers into my asshole, lubing my rear passage up and stretching the muscles for the larger penetration to come.

He then pulled out his fingers and lifted up my other leg until my knees were close to my chest. When his blunt helmet made contact with my vulnerable asshole a bolt of excitement shot through me. When he began applying pressure I concentrated on relaxing and he slid in with little trouble. I savored the feeling of being slowly filled up while the pressure on my prostate was beginning to make precum ooze from my throbbing hard-on.

When all seven inches of Vance's cock were buried in my rectum he ground his hips against mine and smiled.

"Good ass, Gary. Nice and smooth and warm and tight."

"Your cock feels good inside it." I complimented him right back. Now that I was getting used to the... well... the ins and outs of gay sex I was really starting to enjoy myself.

"Darren." Vance called over his shoulder. He didn't lack for courage, I thought as the massively endowed black man stepped forward, massaging the lube into his own member. Vance held still as Darren slid his hard ten incher into Vance's anus. Pedro was next, sliding his eight inches into Darren, whose own ass was filled with six inches of Greg's meat. Andre then shoved his own six inches into Greg with a grunt before taking Terry's seven incher up the ass.

The movement was slow to start. Just a little in and out motion, maybe an inch or two so our asses would grow accustomed to their thick invaders. Soon the motion grew larger and faster and within a minute or two each of us was being deeply and smoothly fucked by the next man in line. I was really getting into the feeling of real meat pumping in and out of my electrified asshole.

It was like every inner surface of my rectum was being massaged. The muscles and the flesh and the sensitive gland were all being caressed and warmed by the pleasurable friction of each inward and outward motion of his erect penis. The sensations were delicious and I didn't want them to stop, but after five or ten minutes I heard a groan and the motion of the whole group came to a halt.

Pedro had been the first to cum. The whole train came apart and began to reassemble itself. I got up off of the table and Pedro took my place. I applied some lube to my tool and began to stuff it, inch after inch into his warmed up, but still nice and tight asshole. Then came Vance, sliding his dick back into my eager hole, followed by Greg, then Andre, then Terry.

Terry groaned with the challenge of taking Darren's impressive slab of meat up his asshole. When we were all in position we began again and this time we established a smooth rhythm more quickly. The combination of Vance's cock drilling my deepest recesses and the new sensation of Pedro's tight asshole milking my cock like a warm sleeve of soft flesh was driving me wild and I thought that I'd soon be heading back to the front of the train.

However, it was Greg who came next. With a grunt and a hard thrust he buried his tool in Vance's asshole and filled him with his hot jizz. When his climax passed we repeated the process of disconnecting the "train cars" and reassembling. Now the train went; Greg, Pedro, me, Andre, Terry Darren, Vance.

Once I was back inside of Pedro I felt huge, powerful hands grip my hips as Andre stuffed his black rod into my asshole. The seemingly endless procession of cock being shoved up inside of me was like pure, distilled pleasure. All the build-up from Lawrence combined with the hot, horny excitement of the moment and I couldn't contain myself any longer. Less than two minutes into this round I almost shouted in ecstasy and unloaded in Pedro's sexy ass.

I stroked his shoulders and chest as his ass milked the last drops out of my now satisfied cock and I once again took my place at the front of the train, this time with Greg penetrating me. His cock wasn't the biggest, but he was an expert at using it and managed to aim each thrust for maximum effect. Within five minutes I was hard again.
