 Disclaimer: The following contains explicit scenes of male sex and a variety of consensual activities. This story may not be copied or posted to any other websites without explicit permission from the author. 

All characters depicted are above 18 years of age. If any of this content is offensive to you or illegal to access in your geography, please do not proceed. The characters are entirely fictitious and are not based on anyone who has or is still living.

I would like to thank the dozens of people who have sent me an email about the story. I was going to quit writing but you guys got me going again.

The author is not a professional fiction writer and is just enjoying a new hobby. I find it amazing how many words are spelled differently between Canada and the United States. If there are some grammatical errors, I apologise. The thing I find most frustrating as a severe dyslexic is the reversal of words when I write, and when I speak. 

Comments may be addressed to the contact in my profile.

*****

Recap from Chapter 3

Liam had bent over to put the last item into the cupboard. As he was placing the frying pan into the cupboard, Jared stepped up behind him admiring the very tempting target of fine firm flesh in front of him. With a smirk on his face, Jared drew back and let loose with his hand, slapping Liam's ass squarely in the middle. Liam jumped up and arched his back while grabbing his ass. He mouth was wide open screaming like little girl as he bounced on his toes. Jared couldn't hold it back anymore and started to laugh.

Liam stopped bouncing and twisted his body. With one hand, he pulled his briefs down showing the perfect imprint of Jared's hand in pink contrasting the white skin of Liam's ass. He looked at it and Jared while pulling up his underwear. Liam said "It's on Jared" as he started towards him. 

Jared ran to the living room only to be caught by an airborne Liam, both of them crashing onto the couch. The wrestled and tickled each other for a while when suddenly they were nose to nose. They kissed, their tongues dancing in each other's mouth. They could feel each other's hard-on trapped between them.

Jared. I am ready. I want you to make love to me, all the way. "

End of Chapter 3

Jared the Paramedic Chapter 4

Jared and Liam get closer, and with friends.

"Are you sure Liam? I am not pushing you and we have all the time in the world for us to do this when you're ready."

"Jared, I wanted to save that part of sex for someone I really loved and could trust. I have given you my heart, and now I am giving you my body as well." Liam looked at Jared for a moment and he could see the water forming in Jared's eyes.

Jared leaned over Liam and said "I love you absolutely." Then he kissed him. They embraced while kissing, holding each other tightly. Jared could feel the warmth of Liam's muscular body tight against his and started to kiss Liam's ears, pulling them gently with his teeth. Licking and kissing down his neck, Jared could feel the warmth in Liam's body starting increase. Liam moaned loudly and gently grabbed Jared's head with both hands.

Liam loved the feel of Jared's warm muscular body pressed against his. His skin was so soft on the surface, yet the muscles underneath were very solid. "I think we should take this to the bedroom Jared."

"I think so too."

They got up, and headed into the bedroom, their arms wrapped around each other. When they got there, Liam pulled Jared into him and kissed him. Their tongues dancing with each other while their hands roamed freely over each other's body.

They fell onto the bed with Liam on top. Liam started to kiss his way down to Jared's nipples, nipping at them with his teeth. He continued down Jared's chest until he got to the cute little belly button. As Liam was licking and kissing the button, he started to gently fondle Jared's package still contained with the underwear. Liam gently squeezed Jared's hard cock and saw a wet spot starting to form on the front. Jared's cock filled those briefs very well. It was hard to believe they actually were able to contain it soft, let alone hard.

"Those do look a lot better than your old boxers Jared. They're absolutely hot on you" said Liam.

"Thank you Liam. I have to admit, you may have been right, this time." Jared stood up, and then pushed Liam onto the bed, flat on his back. "You are overdressed Liam."

His hands roamed down to Liam's mound, still covered by the briefs he wore and started to massage it gently. He slid his hands under Liam's ass, grabbing his cheeks as he leaned down to suck on the cock through the underwear. Liam moaned in appreciation. The wet spot on Liam's underwear tasted like honey to Jared as he was sucking on the wet material. Jared could see Liam's blonde bush popping over the top of the low riding elastic. 

Jared leaned over Liam's face and kissed him. "I love you Liam."

"Even when you are not doing this, I love you more Jared."

Jared slowly worked his way down Liam's body. Licking and kissing every part of his body while slowly massaging the insides of Liam's thighs. Liam was squirming under Jared's touch.

Jared slowly pulled down Liam's underwear with his teeth, exposing his target in all its glory. Liam's cock stood straight up and was spewing pre-cum all over the purple helmet. Jared grabbed the underwear and finished pulling it off, throwing on the floor. He moved between Liam's inner thighs and started to lick along them slowly moving towards the low hanging balls. Jared used his hands to spread Liam's legs more so he could use his tongue right under the sack and on the perineum. 

Liam was in sheer bliss, he had never experienced anything like this in his life and he loose with a squeal. Liam felt as Jared slowly pushed his legs up to expose his hidden virgin rose bud. 

When Jared looked at the virgin target, it seemed to wink at him in anticipation. Jared moved in slowly and stuck his tongue out, and then rolled it around Liam's asshole. Liam moaned loudly and hissed "Oh god Jared."

Jared continued to lick Liam's rose bud with vigor. Liam was responding well and squirming in delight. Jared reached over to the bedside table and got the lube out. He lubed one finger, slowly inserting it into Liam. He arched his back as Jared's digit penetrated him. Soon Jared was slowly finger fucking him, making sure to get deeper so he could massage the prostrate as well. Liam was moaning and grunting unintelligible sounds.

"Jared, it's like electricity flowing throw my body when you touch my prostrate."

Jared inserted a second finger slowly, and then started to move them both in and out of Liam's tight virgin ass. His sphincter was loosening up nicely Jared thought to himself. He inserted the third finger, and Liam cried out in ecstasy as he probed deeper. 

"Liam, I want you to turn over and get on your hands and knees." Liam did so. While Liam was repositioning, Jared slid his own underwear off and threw it at Liam. He grabbed it and took a deep sniff and tossed them aside.

Jared spread Liam's legs so his rose bud was on main stage. Jared once again started to use his 3 fingers loosen him up some more. He was gently pushing them in and twisting them as he pulled them out, While Jared's one hand was finger fucking Liam, the other hand was toying with his very hard dick. Jared pulled his fingers out and applied some lube to the target of the night. He then squirted some into his hand and coated his cock. Moving behind Liam, he placed the head of the dick at Liam's virgin ass.

"Lay flat now Liam, with your leg's spread" said Jared. Liam did so. Jared played with Liam's ass cheeks and then put his thumbs between the tight mounds of flesh. He started to massage around Liam's asshole. Jared stopped and leaned over Liam, allowing his dick to slide up and down Liam's ass crack and across his hole.

"Jared, it feels so good. Stop teasing me please. I want and need you in me Jared" Liam pleaded.

Jared lined up his cock at Liam's virgin rosebud. "I am going to push in slowly. It may hurt a bit, but let me know Liam. I don't want to hurt you. When I am going into you, I want you to push down like you are taking a dump. It will make it easier. Are you ready my love?"

"Yes Jared. Do it. I want you inside me."

Jared began to push the head of his cock into Liam. He heard a gasp as he broke through the out muscle ring and his cock head popped inside Liam.

"Are you ok Liam? I will wait a minute for you to get used to it." 

A moment later, Liam said "I'm good now Jared, keep going. It feels so fucking incredible! Your dick feels so warm inside my ass."

"Ok. Moving forward" he said as he began slowly pushing into Liam deeper. Jared was surprised how relaxed Liam was and how easily his cock was going into him. He did stop a couple more times when he felt Liam tensing up. Each time he went deeper, Jared heard Liam groaning deeply. Soon enough, he was buried all the way inside his soulmate.

"Liam, you have it all now. How does it feel?"

"Jared, it's incredible. I feel so full with you in there; the warmth of your cock in me is something I never thought I could experience. I never thought it was going to be this good." 

Jared started to pull back, and then push forward slowly. Liam was making sounds like purring as he slowly moved in and out. 

"Jared, It feels so good in me."

Jared began to slowly pick up the pace and began sliding in and out of Liam. Liam was now making grunting sounds every time Jared thrust into him and bottomed out.

Jared stopped for a moment and grabbed Liam by the hips and pulled up. Liam raised his ass and settled on his forearms and knees. Jared began to move in and out of him again. Liam was beginning to figure out if he pushed his ass backwards when Jared was thrusting, his dick would go deeper into him. Liam was increasing the volume of his grunting sounds as Jared thrust into him. 

After a couple of minutes Jared said "Liam, roll over onto your back slowly." Liam turned slowly and Jared managed to stay lodged in inside him while he moved.

"Liam, I want to look into your face while we do this and when we cum."

Jared pushed in deep enough to lean forward and kiss Liam's lips. Liam kissed back and then brought his hands up to grab Jared's back. They moved down until they could cup Jared's hard muscular ass.

Jared started to move in and out of Liam again and started to move faster. Liam was letting out long groans. Jared changed his angle slightly so he could hit Liam's prostrate with each thrust. When he did this, Liam's eyes rolled back into his head. Jared was moving in and out of Liam faster now. The tightness of Liam's hole was making it hard to keep from cumming thought Jared. Liam was also thinking about how hard it was not to cum with the sensations he was feeling for the first time.

Liam called out "Oh god, Jared, I'm coming. It's too good to hold off any more!" With that, several long shots of sperm came out of Liam. The first shot hit Liam's face, the rest of the shots covered his chest. 

"AHHHHHHHHH" Liam cried out.

Jared began moving faster and slamming in as deep as he could. The added contractions of Liam's asshole on his dick were enough to drive him over the edge as well. "I'm cumming Liam."

Liam felt the warm fluid injecting into his bowels. He couldn't describe the feelings he was experiencing having that big dick up his ass, buried deep within him, filling him entirely, and now the essence of Jared filling his gut.

Jared collapsed onto Liam. They lay together for a couple of minutes; they gently kissed while the slowly softening cock was still imbedded within Liam. Jared got off of Liam. He could see some of his cum seeping out of Liam's asshole as it was quivering from his dick been removed.

"I feel so empty with that big dick of yours not in me anymore" Liam complained.

Jared reached down and grabbed a shirt. He wiped himself off, and then Liam. He then crawled onto the bed, spooning behind Liam and wrapping his arms around him.

"I love you Liam" said Jared.

"I love you more Jared" replied Liam. They both fell off to sleep, cuddled together.

A couple of hours later, Liam woke up and ran for the toilet. A few moments later, he returned and crawled back into bed. Liam positioned himself on his side, his arm over Jared and his head on his chest. They both fell asleep again.

The days off went too fast. The two of them talked, ate, smudged and made love often. Liam and Jared returned to work on Wednesday for their two day shifts followed by two night shifts. After that, they would have 4 days off again. 

The two of them walked into the base and went to the locker room to change. After, they grabbed a cup of coffee and went to the shift room for briefing of what had been going on and if anything was coming up. As they entered the briefing room, the shift Supervisor was at the front of the long table and looking flustered. There was one of the more outspoken medics sitting at the table and looking upset about something. 

Rob, the supervisor said "Ok, let's get started" as he started to shuffle papers. Tim, the outspoken medic chirped up "When are we going to get an answer on the wage increase?" 

Rob just looked at him and said "When I know, you'll know. Next topic" Rob said with authority in his voice. Everyone was assigned to their units for the night as well as two units being assigned to standby at a couple of hockey games. 

Tim mumbled on the way out of the room "I get the shit unit again and the fairies get the new one." 

Jared turned quickly and said "Repeat that again Tim, so I can hear it." 

Tim snapped back "You heard me asshole." 

Liam smiled "You said you're an asshole?"

"Fuck you and the horse you rode in on Liam" replied Tim.

"You like to fuck horses Tim? Is that what you're saying?" asked Liam

Rob looked like he was going to say something when Jared quickly held his hand out in a stop gesture. Jared then said with an even tone "Have a good shift Timmy." 

All Liam, Jared and Rob heard from the garage was "Fucking assholes" in a loud voice. 

Tim was not what you would describe as a nice man and just barely able to do the job. He had dark curly hair, brown eyes, about 5'7", and 220 lbs. In Jared's mind, Tim reminded him of the character Strax on Dr. Who. Tim had trouble keeping his pants up because of his body shape combined with the equipment on his belt. He had a pudgy face with big red cheeks. Tim was also the first to blame anyone around him or the equipment when something went wrong. If there was disharmony, he was usually not far away. 

Jared looked at Rob and asked quietly "What the hell was that all about?" 

Rob looked pensive for a minute and then looked at Jared and Liam and said "Let's go to my office and talk." The three of them walked out of the meeting room and down the hallway into Rob's office. After all three were in the office Rob reached out and closed the door then sat behind his desk. Jared and Liam sat down on the chairs in front of the desk and looked at Rob. 

"I am surprised you haven't heard anything about this. Tim has been on this kick to form an association for the staff. He figures if he pushes a bunch of demands out there and they aren't met, he can get support for an association. If he gets what he wants, then he looks the hero" said Rob calmly. 

Liam spoke up "we have always been treated well by management. Good wages, good equipment, great shift schedule, lots of training, Christmas bonuses and anything we ask for has always been considered. We don't always get everything but we are given a pretty good reason why not." 

Rob looked at Liam and then said "While you guys were on time off, someone called the Health Department and complained about faulty equipment, shortage of supplies and unsafe working conditions." Rob continued "they came down and went specifically to a couple of units. There was equipment in there which had been damaged and supplies missing, including some drugs like the Narcan." 

Liam asked "Why Narcan? It reverses overdoses."

"People can get high more than once on the same dose of morphine. When they inject the Narcan it brings them down. When it is metabolized, they get high again. Not a safe thing to do but it's not safe to use Morphine either" replied Rob.

"I guess I am a bit naive. I hadn't thought of using it that way" said Liam.

Jared locked eyes with Rob and asked "How long has this been going on?" "For about the past month we have been repairing equipment with suspicious damage and replacing missing supplies" replied Rob. 

"What did the Health Department say?" asked Liam. 

"They looked at our records and documents and will be monitoring the situation. The Department Representative said it looked to him someone may be causing the damage but he had to look at the potential service failure these problems could cause." 

At that time, the radio warbled startling all three of the men. Jared and Liam got up, opened the door and ran down the hallway to their unit. The garage door was open already and Liam drove the unit out. Dispatch advised of 45 year old man with chest pains and Liam hit the lights and sirens. 

The first half of the shift was call after call non-stop and they didn't even have time for coffee. After clearing the hospital yet again after dropping another patient Liam asked "Is it a full moon or what today?" 

Jared replied "No, new moon right now. I see some of the other crews were busy too and even Timmy's unit was at the hospital. They must be getting desperate to call him off the transfer schedule." 

A call came in for them to respond to yet another chest pain call in an office complex. Minutes later, they pulled up to the front door jumped out, grabbing their kits they ran through the front door being held open by a security guard. The guard escorted them into a large plushy decorated board room. A 35 year old man was sitting in a chair, his jacket off, tie loosened and the top buttons on his shirt open. While Jared was looking him over, Liam started to get the history of what happened. Jared had hooked up the heart monitor while Liam got the vitals. When he tried to turn it on, nothing happened. He tried switching it on and off again with the same results. Jared changed batteries and nothing happened again. Liam looked at him with a confused look on his face. 

"Call for a back-up unit Liam, Code 4" Jared said. Liam spoke into the radio briefly and then turned his attention back to Jared.

Jared said "get an IV into him, while I give nitro and get the morphine ready." At this time, the man's eyes rolled up in his head and he slumped into the chair. "He's coded" Liam said as he was lifting him to the floor. Jared then turned to the security guard and said "Clear the room now!" 

As the room was being cleared Jared ripped the man's shirt open and Liam started CPR. Jared very calmly said "Stop CPR and move back" as he put his hands on the man's chest. Jared closed his eyes for a couple of seconds and then opened them. Liam saw Jared's eyes had turned white and seemed to glow. Jared said quietly to no one in particular "Creator, this man is dying because of someone's evil actions on my equipment. We cannot allow this to happen. Guide my hands to do your work." Jared's hands glowed and the man on the floor drew a deep breath. He started to breathe regularly as if he was in a deep sleep. The glow disappeared. 

By the time the back-up unit arrived, Jared and Liam had the patient on the stretcher, IV running and he was returning to consciousness slowly. Jared was assessing him further when the second team came in the room. 

Liam looked at the back-up team and said "get him hooked up to your monitor." 

A couple of minutes later, with the monitor hooked up, they left the building and headed to the hospital. After dropping him off, Jared called Rob on the phone to advise him of the problem with the heart monitor. They drove to the base and exchanged units. When they looked at the batteries, the contact prongs were bent back far enough they would not make contact when pushed into the unit. 
