 Parent's Discovery Part 3 New Friends

Kathy and Jeff went to their room to discuss what happened with their son Jeff. When they got to their room Kathy said, "I think that is so hot what you did for your son tonight. I want you to know I'm ok if you want to do it again." 

Jeff reached over and hugged Kathy, and kissed her on her full lips and said, "It is something I would like to do again but I'm not sure I would want to do it with Jeff. To be honest the father son thing kind of creeps me out. I hope I didn't upset Jeff."


Kathy kissed her husband rubbing her hands up and down his back and she said, "I think he will be ok with it."

Then Jeff reached under her shirt and started to deeply rub her back in long and powerful strokes. Jeff then pulled off Kathy's shirt and hooked his thumbs in her pants and pulled them down. He then lie on the bed pulling Kathy on top of him and he worked his way down between her legs and started to lick and suck her dripping pussy. He started by licking around her swollen clit then he sucked on her clit like it was a miniature cock. This brought Kathy to the edge she arched her back and started to convulse in a string of orgasm each one stronger than the one before until she collapsed on top of her husband gasping for air. Jeff then got on top of Kathy and inserted his cock inside of her and slowly started to fuck her in long easy strokes building up momentum with each stroke till he has built up a feverish pace then all of the sudden Kathy started to convulse in orgasm squeezing her cunt tightly on Jim's cock causing him to fill her cunt with his sperm. He collapsed next to her on their bed gasping for air in a couple of minutes they both drifted asleep.

After they got home from work the next day they sat around the kitchen table talking about their plans for the week. It was the normal household stuff for Kathy and Jeff. Sam had his activities with his friends. Supper had only been over with a few minutes when the phone rang, Kathy picked it up and it was Steve she gave the phone to Jeff and he said, "Hey, how is it going?" 

Steve asked, "Hey Jeff, would you like to come over to Bill's tonight and watch Monday night football?" 

Jeff thought this was unusual and he was not really in to football and he knew Steve wasn't either, he figured what the hell why not and said, "I'll be over in a few minutes and we can go over together." 

Jeff kissed Kathy good-bye and went over to get Steve. When he knocked on the door Debbie answered and told Steve Jeff was there. They went over to Bill's house to watch football. Sam had already gone to hang out with his friends, this left Kathy home alone. All the housework was caught up and nothing was interesting on TV. She decided to call Debbie to see if she could come over and kill some time. Debbie said it was ok she could come over any time. 

Kathy went her bedroom to change in to something a little more casual. She decided on a low cut backless cotton summer dress she did not to put on any bra or panties and headed over to Debbie' house and knocked on the front door. 

Debbie answered the door wearing her threadbare cotton robe. Kathy could tell she had nothing on underneath it at a glance. She asked, "Hi Debbie can I come in for a bit and chat?"

Debbie said, "Sure what brings you over today?"

Kathy stepped through the door and gave Debbie a hug and kissed her on the cheek as she began to pull away Debbie copped a quick feel of Kathy's breast and Kathy did the same to her and said, "Not much Jeff went over to Bill's house with Steve to watch football and Sam is hanging out with his friends which left me home alone."

"I'm glad to have you come over," Debbie said. Upon entering the living room Kathy saw their neighbor Mary sitting in a chair. Kathy and Debbie sat on the couch together. Debbie asked Kathy, "How did your day go?"

"Not to bad, although today was really stressful. Sometimes I wish I could find something else to do for a living." 

"I know what you mean," Mary said. "Some times it seems the only time I get any respect is when I come home." 

"Being a stay at home mom is not exactly a bowl of cherries," Debbie said. Then she continued, "Although it does have its advantages."

"When Jeff was younger I wish I could have stayed home, Now that he is almost grown up I don't see the point and the extra money is nice to have," Kathy said. 

"I agree," Mary said, "I just wish Joe would be more fair in spending the extra money it seems it all goes for his toys. After all how many power tools and fishing rods does a man need?"

All three of them agreed and laughed at that. Kathy noticed Mary staring at Debbie. She looked over at Debbie and she noticed Debbie had her hand in side of her robe rubbing her left breast. "See something you like?" Debbie said to Kathy.

"Maybe, but I think Mary likes it to," Kathy said.

"Is that true Mary?" Debbie asked.

Mary faced flushed red and she nodded her head yes. Then Debbie said, "Why don't you come over for a closer look then?"

Just as Mary was about to get up Billy walked into the room and whispered in his mother's ear while she was still gently rubbing her left breast. Debbie smiled as her son talked to her then Billy left the women alone. Debbie then looked over to Mary and said, "It's ok to come over and take a closer look now if you want to." Mary stood up and walked over to the couch where Debbie and Kathy was sitting and kneeled down in front of Debbie and opened her robe and felt her left breast.

"Why don't you have a taste?" Debbie asked Mary. 

Mary lowered her head down and licked her left nipple. Then she started to suck on it like a small child. Debbie let out a small groan of pleasure. Kathy reached down and started to rub Debbie's pussy in a gentle manner. Debbie then said, "I think I should show you what Steve did to our master bathroom then the two woman got up and followed Debbie to their bedroom. As they were walking down a hallway they saw one of the bedroom doors was open and they looked in. As they were about to pass it by they stopped. Kathy and Mary were stunned with what they saw going on in the room Debbie just smiled and motioned with her fingers at her lips for the other two to stay quiet.

Kathy, Mary, and Debbie were looking at Billy, Sam, and John. All three of the young men were naked and Sam was on his knees sucking Billy's cock. You could tell with the effort he was putting in to it that he was actually trying to make him come. John was standing next to Billy reaching behind his friend gently rubbing his ass both of them were coaxing Sam to suck Billy harder and faster and to make Billy come. The three woman were standing in the doorway breathing heavily Kathy reached in side Debbie's robe to stroke her back when she touched Mary's hand. She looked over at Mary and they smiled at each other. Billy stiffened up and started to thrust his cock in short hard strokes in to Sam's mouth. Then he grabbed Sam's head with both bands and let out a stifled grunt when he started to fill Sam's mouth with his come. He swallowed each spurt as it entered his mouth. He kept sucking till Billy's cock until it went soft in his mouth. He then looked over at John who was stroking his hard cock. He leaned forward kissed the head and licked the full length before sticking it in his mouth bobbing his head up and down working his tongue along it's length while he sucked his other friend off. John's excitement was really apparent because it only took a couple of minutes for Sam to get him off. In no time at all he stiffened his back and started to thrust into Sam's mouth as he came with Sam swallowing each spurt. Kathy let out a loud sigh at the sight of her son sucking off his two best friends. When the three young men heard her in the doorway they turned to see the three woman standing there watching them and they smiled at them. Kathy said, "Sorry didn't mean to interrupt," 

Sam looked up and said, "That's ok mom we don't mind."

"Let's go see what Steve did to the Master Bedroom," Mary said to Debbie. The three women walked the short distance down the hall to the Master Bedroom. As they entered the room Mary pulled Debbie's robe off her shoulders and Kathy untied the strap around her neck that held her dress up and pulled it over her head and let it fall to the floor. Then Debbie sat on the bed and Kathy knelt between her legs and started to rub and lick her pussy. Debbie started to moan and sigh. Kathy started to suck on her clit while she flicked it with her tongue. Mary took her tee shirt off and pulled off her shorts. She then gently pushed Debbie back on the bead and started to stroke one breast while she sucked on the other. Debbie was moaning softly the feeling of Kathy sucking her clit and Mary sucking on her breast was driving her to a string of orgasms. Kathy then got up and spread Mary's legs apart. She then leaned forward and started to kiss and lick the inside of Mary's thighs working her way up to her soaking wet pussy. She then spread her pussy lips open and licked the outer folds followed by kissing her clit. She then worked her tongue in circles around the click. This treatment of Mary's pussy was driving her wild she was sighing and moaning causing her so much pleasure it was almost torcher. Before she could tell Kathy to slow down and take it easy. Kathy then stuck Mary's clit in her mouth and started to suck on it like a miniature cock. This sent Mary right over the edge with a string of orgasm so strong she almost blacked out. Kathy then got up and kissed Mary full on the lips working her tongue in her mouth tightly holding her head she then broke the kiss and backed away and looked at Mary with out saying a word she then kissed her lightly on the lips saying, "Thanks I needed that, I don't know why but it makes me so hot watching men play like our boys just did."

Mary said, "Your welcome, I know what you mean I Love to watch my Joe do it every chance I get." They both looked over at Debbie who has drifted off to sleep. 

Kathy said, "I suppose we should go. Would you like to come over to my house and talk some more?"

"Sure," Mary said, I would like to do that." They both put their clothes on and let them selves out the door. 

As they were walking towards Kathy's house Kathy asked Mary, "How did you find out Joe liked to suck other men?"

Mary thought for a minute then she said, "Well shortly after Joe and I Met we talked about our past experiences and he told me when he was in college he experimented with his friends. I asked him if he liked it and he said it was all right and it was just something he and his friends could do when they could not find any women. At first it really surprised him I was so accepting of him and his past. He later figured out that it turned me on and it became part of our sex talk with each other.

"When did you find out Joe started to play with other men again?" Kathy asked Mary.

After we started getting serious Joe didn't do anything with guys as far as I know. We just thought it would remain part of our private sex talk and fantasies. After we moved into the neighborhood Vicki, Janet and I were talking one afternoon and the subject turned to sex. The three of us just talked and giggled about what we liked and would like to try. Then Vicki then asked what we thought of men playing with men. I played dumb and asked what do you mean. She said you know men sucking and fucking each other. I then asked her and Janet what they thought of it. They both said it was hot and then asked me again what I thought and I told them although I never got the chance to see it for real I thought it was very erotic. Then Janet asked me if Joe had ever done anything with a guy. I lied and I said I don't know then I asked them both if Bob and Bill ever done anything like that. They both looked at me and then at each other. Vicki then said yes, I know Bill has been playing with other guys for a long time. To be honest it took some getting used to but after awhile it became a normal part of our relationship. Then I looked at Janet and asked if her Bob had ever done it with a guy? She looked at me and her face turned red. Janet and I started to laugh at her. Then I asked her how she found out. She just said she knew from the beginning and let it drop there. A couple of days later Janet and Bob were over watching TV and we got the guys to play for us and we have been doing it ever since."

As they were walking down the sidewalk to Kathy's house Kathy said, "I had no idea this was going on in our neighbor and Jeff and I have lived here for almost 20 years. I wonder how we missed it?" 

"You and Jeff are the most strait laced looking people we know we just thought you would never be interested in it." Mary said.

"I know, until a couple of day ago I would have agreed. I just hope it doesn't effect what Jeff and I have. How do you Joe deal with it?" Kathy asked.

First our family is our priority the sexual playing with others is something we do in our spare time.

"I see," Kathy, said as they were approaching her and Jeff's house, she asked Mary, "Would you like to come in and talk some more?"

"Sure." Mary said as they approached the front door to the house.

************************

Jeff and Steve were walking down the sidewalk towards Bill's house to watch football. Steve looked strait ahead and asked. "You ok with what we did the other day?" 

"What do you mean?" Jeff asked.

"You know us sucking each other. I mean your not angry or upset or anything are you?" Steve asked.

"Oh no I'm ok with it, there's nothing to worry about as far as I'm concerned," Jeff said. 

"Would you do it again?" Steve asked Jeff.

From the way Steve was talking Jeff could tell he was being serous so he decided to tell him the truth. "Yeah that was the first time I ever did anything remotely like that. I would like to do it again. To be honest though you're the only guy I know who  does it."

They approached the sidewalk to Bill's house Steve looked over at Jeff and said, "Opportunities for that kind of stuff is closer than you think all you have to do is be willing and have a open mind." Steve knocked on the door and Bill opened it and said, "Come in guys the game is about to start." They followed Bill down to the family room where they saw Joe sitting in a chair drinking a can of beer and eating pretzels waiting for the commercials to get over. Monday Night Foot Ball Started on the TV Jeff saw it was between New England Patriots and the Miami Dolphins oh shit he thought it just had to be two teams he really didn't care about, hopefully it would be a good game. From the first kick off he could tell it wasn't going to be. Neither team could seem to get anything going. The First quarter was a stream of three downs and punt by both teams. It seemed all they could do was drop passes and run for a loss. 

He was about ready to excuse him self from the group when Steve asked Bill, "You going to give me a taste tonight." Bill looked around the room he knew Joe knew what Steve was talking about but he was not sure about Jeff, He looked over at Steve and Steve gave in a quick nod as if to say it was ok. 

Then he said, "Let me go and check on something and I'll be back." Jeff wasn't really paying attention to the conversation and didn't really notice anything till Bill left the room. 

Then he asked Steve and Joe where Bill went and Joe said, "He had to check on something and he would be right back." 

Bill came back in to his family room and said, "Everything is ok." He then took his tee shirt and shorts off. Steve and Bill removed their clothes. 

Joe looked over at Jeff and said, "If your going to join us you just as well get your clothes off to." Jeff looked around the room he saw Joe move over to Bill's side, then he saw Steve move in front of Bill and get on his knees, Jeff slowly started to remove his shorts and tee shirt. When he was naked Steve said, "You want to come over for a closer look." Jeff moved over to Steve's side and looked down at his friend sucking his neighbor's cock he just could not believe this was happening. 

Then Steve said, "Why don't you come down here and get a real close look" 

Jeff got on his knees next to Steve and watched Steve up close while he sucked Bill off. Bill was thrusting his cock in and out of Steve's mouth with Steve providing a suction pressure when Bill was pulling out. Then Steve withdrew and pointed Bill's cock at Jeff and asked, "Would you like a taste?" Jeff didn't say a word he just reached over and grabbed Bill's cock by the base and pulled it into his mouth and started to suck on Bill's cock. Bill reached down and held Jeff's head with both hands holding it steady while he thrust his hips pushing his cock in and out of Jeff's mouth. Jeff was beginning to relax and enjoy Bill thrusting his cock in and out and he slowly started to work his tongue and lips in providing suction and stimulation to his head when he heard behind him a woman's voice say, "Oh my god would you look at that. Who would have thought Mr. Strait and Narrow would be naked on his knees in front of three other naked men?" 

Her comment startled Jeff and he gagged when Bill pushed his dick into Jeff's mouth a little too far but he did not let go of Jeff's head and he kept on thrusting in and out of Jeff's mouth. 

Bill then said to his wife, "Why don't you come over and get a real close look and see how good he is at it." 

Vicki walked into the room and stood next to Jeff while he sucked off her husband. 

She looked down at him and said, "Look at him go at your cock Bill, I think he is as queer as you are. He looks like he really likes your cock in his mouth." 

She then reached down and started to rub Jeff's head and shoulders then she reached behind Bill and started to rub and pinch his ass cheeks while she said, "Come in his mouth Bill fill it with your come. If he likes sucking as much as it looks like I bet he likes to have come in his mouth to. Fill his mouth with your come Bill." 

Vicki's rubbing and pinching his ass was sending Bill over the edge his he stiffened his back and held on to Jeff's head more firmly the he started to orgasm sending jets of come in to Jeff's mouth. Jeff tried to swallow as much as he could but some leaked out the corners of his mouth. When he looked up at Bill and his wife the come run down his chin and dripped on to his chest. 

Bill looked down at Jeff and said, "Thanks that was really great." 

Then Vicki said, "You've done my husband but it looks like you have two more friends to do tonight you better get busy."

Jeff turned slightly to his left till he was facing Joe. Joe was standing there with his dick sticking strait up. He reached down and put his hand on the back of Jeff's head and gently pulled his head to his crouch. Jeff did not resist instead he opened his mouth as Joe drew him closer to his cock. Joe pushed his cock in to Jeff's willing mouth till his nose was buried in to his pubic hair. You could hear Jeff straining to breathe. Joe started to pull back and started to rhythmically fuck Jeff's mouth. Jeff started to work his jaws tongue and mouth around Joe's cock working it closer to orgasm. It took only a few minutes for Joe to start to tense up and release his load into Jeff's mouth. Jeff swallowed Joes's load as it came out it. Milking his friends cock with his hand and mouth. When Joe was finished his cock went soft and Jeff let it free from his mouth and he reached over and grabbed Steve's cock and pulled on it a few times, He then leaned forward opened his mouth and pulled Steve's cock toward him. Steve reached down and held Jeff's head with both hands and started to slow thrust his cock in and out of Jeff's mouth He started to work his lips, jaw and tongue to give Steve's cock the most stimulation he could. With in a couple of minutes Steve tense up and let out a low grunt. He pulled his cock out of Jeff's mouth still holding on to his head with both hands. Jeff kept his mouth open sticking out his tongue and Steve came in to his open mouth shooting five large spurts of come in to Jeff's mouth on to his tongue with the last two spurts landing on his chin and chest. 
