 I can't believe this happened to me. Until yesterday I was just an average guy married with two kids, an 8-5 Monday through Friday job living in the suburbs with two cars and a mortgage. It all started when our 18 year old son had a friend over. 

It was getting late, so I started to get ready for bed. As I was walking past his room I looked through his open door. I could not believe what I saw. There he was on his knees sucking Billy going to town on his dick I was in shock but I could not take my eyes off of it. 

Then I got my composure and went to get my wife so she could see what her boy was doing. When we got back to the doorway of his room he was still going at it. I could not believe my wife's reaction she just stood there and started to breath heavily then she reached over and started to feel my crouch when she felt my hardening dick. She looked up at me and gave me a wicked smile. As we watched my son suck his friend my mouth began to water, my lips started to tingle and my dick was rock hard. My wife noticed my reaction to this and she started to play with my dick and moved closer to me rubbing her body against mine in a seductive way. We then noticed Billy to stiffen up, he let out a low grunt. We knew he was coming but what surprised us was that our son stayed down on his friends dick sucking him with each spasm. When Billy was done coming our son swallowed his load down with out spilling a drop. 

My wife and I then retired back to our bedroom to discuss what had just happened as we talked we could not resist and started to make passionate love to each other. When we were through we talked about our son some more. 

She told me what she had just seen was so hot. She had no idea male to male sex could be so hot. Then she asked me if I ever did that when I was Billy's age. 

I said, "no." 

Then she asked, "What did you think About what our son was doing with his friend?" I just said, "I was surprised by my reaction." In truth I was too embarrassed to admit that it really turned me on and that I would like to try sucking at least once. 

We agreed we should talk to our son about his new found interest. We also agreed we should talk to Billy's parents. Since Billy"s dad and I were fishing buddies I agreed to be the one to talk to him about it the next day. 

The next day I met with Billy's dad while we were working in his garage. 

I just said, "I caught our boys playing with each other the other night and that he should know." 

His reaction surprised me in thesaid, "so..that is normal for boys their age, and I'm not going to worry about it." 

"Really," I said 

Then I asked him, "Have you ever do anything like that when you were your sons age?" 

He looked at me and said, "Of course." 

" NO kidding?" I asked. 

His openness really surprised me when he said "Yeah" 

Then I asked the real big one and said, "Did you like it?"

When he said, "Yes" it floored me. 

Then I could not help my self and asked, "Would you do it again?"

He said, "Sure why not?"

Then he asked me if I ever did anything like that and I just said, "No." 

Then he asked for all the details of what happened that night and I told him . Then he asked what I thought of it and I said in a strange way it turned me on. 

I couldn't believe what he did next he stepped toward me and felt my crotch and said, "I guess it did." 

Then he undid my pants and pulled them down and got on his knees and started sucking me. Man he was good he got me off in no time. I could not believe it when he swallowed my load before he took my dick out of his mouth. 

Then he undid his pants and with out a word I got on my knees and started to suck him off. I was working the shaft with my lips and tongue. when he grabbed my head with both hands and started to thrust his hips moving his cock in and out of my mouth then his cock swelled up and got even harder and his body stiffened and he held my head as his cock filled my mouth. With out thinking I just swallowed it down then I stood up and said, "Wow." For the rest of the day all I could think was man I have to do that again.