 This is a short story about one of my encounters while parked behind the local adult store one night. I had been in the adult store cruising in between sitting in a booth waiting for a guy to show me his cock to suck but wasn't very busy and most of the guys didn't appeal to me. It was about 11 PM or so and I decided to leave and head out to the back parking lot where cars cruised around the block looking for action. I had backed my car up to the next building and when I noticed the same cars going around the block as they pasted I would tap my breaks as a signal I was looking also.

I had been there about 30 minutes when this car pulled up beside me and rolled his window down as I did the same. We said our hello's and he asked what I was looking for. I told him I love sucking and if it came to it I am a bottom. From what I could tell in the dim lighting he was white and close to my age but probably younger by 5 or so years. I asked what he was looking for and he said a blowjob but not in the parking lot. I asked if he knew of a place to go and he said we could go back to his place.

Being I am always horny 24/7 and after watching some porn and seeing some live cocks only had me that much more hornier so I said I'll follow you and with that we headed to the west side of town in a not so bad neighborhood. About 10 minutes later I see him pull into a driveway and I pulled over in front of what I guessed was his place. When he got out of the car I noticed he was about 6'2 and thin built with black short hair. We walked in and although he had a small place it was well kept and nice. He asked if I wanted a beer which I said sure. He pointed towards the couch as he headed to the kitchen. I sat down and he came back in and handed me a beer and sat to the left of me on the couch. We chatted a short bit when he asked if I wanted to watch a little porn which I said yes.

While watching two guys in the 69 position sucking each other we chatted some and I moved my hand to his thigh and was rubbing his thigh over his jeans making my way towards his crotch. I could feel the bulge at the base of his cock and slowly started rubbing down the shaft. I kept rubbing down and waiting to feel the head and it shocked me because it seemed like it never ended and when I finally felt the end I swear it went to his knees and my eyes opened wide and will never forget what I said to him with eyes wide open "is that really your cock"? 

He chuckled and said yes it's real. I asked how long it was and he said he never measured it but he knows it scares some guys away. Then he asked if I wanted to go into the bedroom and I was excited about seeing his cock as I never seen anything much over 7 inches and I wanted it. I said sure but needed to take a pee before hand. He told me where the bathroom was and I hurriedly went to pee and thinking how hot it was going to be to pull his pants down and get a good look at this cock. 

I got into the bedroom and was disappointed because he was already naked and under the covers. I was however still excited about seeing his cock for the first time. I got undressed ( I love being naked in front of other men) and let him check out my body and ensured he got a good look before crawling into bed. He hit a switch and the bedroom went from bright to dim but with enough light to still be able to see each others body pretty good.

I started to rub his body over the covers and he leaned up a little to kiss me and we kissed for a little while, while I rubbed all over his body and crotch still not believing this was real. After kissing for a bit I started working down his neck and onto his chest. He had a little tuff of chest hair but not much and I licked and kissed his chest and sucked on his nipples and slowly worked my way down his belly. When I pushed the covers off his waist and legs I gasped at how big his cock looked and if I had to guess I would say between 12 and 14 inches (which later I measured but don't want to get ahead of myself) even with his dark bush it looked huge and it wasn't real thick but maybe about as round as a silver dollar (if that gives you an idea of his thickness)

I worked my way down to his cock slowly stroking him and started licking his balls while keeping my eyes on his long cock. I couldn't take it anymore and wrapped my lips around the head of his cock and started sucking the head while still stroking the shaft. I tried to get as much in my mouth as I could but don't think I got over 6 inches before starting to gag (not much experience at deep throating at this time) I did my best and would lick his shaft from his balls to the head in between sucking his cock in my mouth which made him moan so at least I knew he was enjoying what experience I did have at the time.

After some time worshipping his cock and balls I told him I needed to put him inside and see if I could take it all. I climbed up and shifted my body so I was over top of him and he handed me some lube which I smeared on my ass and stroked some on his cock. I slowly started to slide down until I felt his cock head at my hole. I remember I was shacking with anticipation of riding this long cock. I moved further down and remember his cock bending a little which must of started hurting him with the look on his face so I backed off a little and started all over again and this time his head popped in and I froze for a minutes letting my hole get use to his invasion.

I slowly worked my way up and down his shaft for what seemed like 15 minutes but not really sure how long it was when I felt it. I felt my ass cheeks sitting on his balls and realized he was totally inside me and I froze again not only to get use to his cock but it actually felt like his cock head was in the middle of my stomach. Once I got use to him I started gyrating my hips and moaning. Yes there was some pain but also some pleasure when I started but soon the pleasure took over the pain and I started going up and down and after a little time I would pull up almost pulling his cock out then forcefully sliding back down, my little cock was not fully erect but I was dripping pre cum which he would wipe with his hand and then lick his fingers while watching me ride his shaft.

Then he grabbed my hips and rolled me over into the doggy position and started to fuck me, my head was buried in the pillows yelling " fuck me, fuck me" He slammed into me and the pain started coming back but I was too far gone to care and shortly after begging him to fuck me I felt him stiffen up and his cock head pulsing then the warm streams of his cum filling my insides. He grunted several times as he unleashed his load. By this time we were both sweating and panting and just as he was finishing cumming my own cock (even though semi hard) started to shoot a torrid of cum onto the bed sheets.

He then fell forward onto me and I felt my cum on my belly as I went flat on the bed. We laid there for a few minutes before moving around and we kissed. Shortly after I got up and got dressed and said thanks and left.

About 2 months later we met up in the parking lot again and went back to his place where we pretty much repeated the first hookup and while sucking his cock in the living room I asked if I could measure his cock so we both would know how long he was and he said he didn't have a tape measure and I told him I carry tools in my truck and actually ran out to my truck naked and got my tape. I came back in and dropped to my knees and started sucking him again to make sure he was really hard (still not being able to deep throat him) and once he was I measured along to top of his cock to his pelvic and he measured 11 and 1/4 inches and was 1 3/4 wide but had to measure the width straight across being the tape didn't bend. After that I sucked him the best I could before ending up in the bedroom and him fucking me but instead of leaving that night I stayed and we feel asleep. 

When I woke up in the morning my back was to him and we were in the spooning position and found myself rubbing my ass against his cock which he got the morning wood going and before too long his cock was inside me and he was fucking me on my side I couldn't help but do nothing but moan in both pleasure and pain as he fucked me for the next 20 minutes or so before he shot his load deep inside me then as we laid there he stroked me off until I shot my load into my hand and was licking my hand clean as he went soft and slowly popped out. We laid there for a couple minutes before we got up and as I was leaving I told him he could fuck me anytime as long as he would let me practice and learn to deep throat him and I gave him my number but never heard from nor seen him again.