 When I got home from Billy's house my wife Kathy was working in the kitchen getting it cleaned up before she started supper. She asked me, "How did it go with Billy's dad?"

"Before we get into that I need to know where you really stand on this?" I said.

"What do you mean?" Kathy asked.

"Were you serious about what you said to me last night?" I asked her.

"What do you mean?" Kathy replied.

"Well you said what our son was doing with Billy was so hot. You even asked if I would suck a guy off," I said to Kathy.

"Yeah I was serious, I'm still interested in it if that is what you want to know," she replied. 

"How far would you like to take this matter," I asked her.

"That depends on you and our son of course," she said.

I looked at her puzzled trying to figure out what she just said. Then I asked, "What do you mean it depends on our son and myself?" 

"Well I would still like you to try sucking a cock at least once and I would like to watch our son with Billy again. Kathy said. Then she asked, "What did you think I meant?" she asked.

"I thought you were hinting that Sam and I should try and do something," I replied. "To be honest I never even thought of that." 

"Oh no, but I have to admit it is intriguing to think about. We should talk to Sam before we decide on that." Kathy said.

"I agree," I said, "How serious were you about me sucking cock?"

"Very serious I think it would be very hot if you tried it at least once," She replied.

"Would this be some thing you would want to watch or would it be ok if I did it alone the first time?" I asked her.

"I really would like to watch the first time but I also understand something like that is almost impossible to set up," Kathy replied. Then she said, "I would understand if this is something you would like to try and the opportunity came up, and you took advantage of the situation. I would just like to be told all the details afterward."

"What did you and Billy's dad talk about? What was his reaction?" Kathy asked me. 

"I told him everything that happened last night I have to say his reaction really surprised me," I said. 

"What do you mean? What was his reaction?" Kathy asked.

"I mean it was like no big deal, almost like it was normal and if our kids didn't do it we should be concerned," I replied. "I then asked him if he did that kind of stuff with his friends when he was Billy and Sam's age? He said yeah and then I asked him if he liked it and he said yeah."

"Really," Kathy said, does his wife Debbie know that?"

"I don't know?" I replied, "I didn't ask."

"Your not going to believe this, I asked him if he would do it again." I said to Kathy. 

"You did what did he say," Kathy replied. 

"He didn't say anything he stepped forward and felt my crotch," I said. 

"No way," Kathy said, what did you do?"

"I mean it happened so fast I didn't know what to do or say. Before I could say anything he said I guess this does turn you on. Then he got on his knees and sucked me off in no time," I told Kathy. 

"What did you do then," Kathy asked. 

"When he got up he pulled his shorts down and I could see his hard on sticking up in the air," I said. 

"Oh my god, you're kidding?" Kathy said, "What did you do then?"

"I don't want you to get mad, it was really a spur of the moment kind of thing. I got on my knees and sucked him off I felt like I kind of owed it to him," I said. 

"Really, no way, what did you think of it?" Kathy said. 

"To be honest I really liked it," I said. 

"You make him come," she asked.

"Yes," I replied. 

"In your mouth," she asked. 

"Yes," I replied. 

"You swallow," she asked. "Yes," I replied. 

"Did you like it," she asked.

"God I loved it, I would like to do it again," I replied.

Kathy stood up and walked around the kitchen table and knelt down and kissed her husband putting her tongue in his mouth tasting Billy's dads cum in her husband's mouth. When she broke the kiss she said, "That was so hot and I would like to watch some time."

"You should talk to Debbie about our kids and see what she thinks and find out if she knows about Steve" I said.

"I'll go and see her now she should be up," Kathy said. 

Kathy went over to Steve and Debbie's house to talk to Kathy. She knocked on the door and Kathy answered. "Hi Kathy how are you doing today can I come in?" I said. 

She was wearing a thread bare cotton robe you could almost see through and it was almost open down to her waist. To most people this would seem strange but being neighbors for most of their kid's lives Kathy came to expect this of their neighbor. They went in to the living room and sat down and Kathy began, "Last night Jeff and I caught our boys playing with each other and we thought you should know. Bob has already told Steve about this and he didn't seem too concerned. 

Debbie looked at Kathy and said, "What exactly were they doing?"

"They were giving each other oral sex and they seemed to enjoy it a lot,"

"Is that all," Debbie said, "I'm not to concerned with that."

"What do you think of them doing this kind of stuff?" Kathy said.

"Personally I think its hot we raised our kids to be open minded about sex," Debbie said. 

"You mean you approve of this behavior?" Kathy asked. 

"Approve I encourage it, every man I know does this," Debbie said.

"Every man I find that hard to believe," Kathy said.

Debbie thought for minute and then she said, "Yeah that's right about every man I know does this" Debbie said.

"You ever see Steve do it?" Kathy asked.

"Yeah he used to suck my brothers all the time before we got married." Debbie said.

"You have to be kidding," Kathy said.

"No I'm not, like I said it was no big deal to me," Debbie said.

"You said every man you know sucks cock does that include your father?" Kathy asked.

"Sure, mom used to call him a cock sucker around the house all the time and he didn't even try to hide it. He was always sucking his friends off," Debbie said. 

"You have to be kidding?" Kathy said. 

"Not at all in, fact I think any guy who doesn't do it is either a liar or not normal," Debbie said. 

"Has Steve ever sucked off any of the men in the neighborhood?" I asked Debbie.

"Sure quite a few of them actually and they have sucked him," Debbie said.

"Can I ask who they are?" Kathy said.

Kathy paused for a moment her hand started to play with her nipple. Her index finger was slowly circling it. The she said, "Let's see, there is Bill, Bob, Joe and Rick, they all do it quite often with Steve or each other."

"Oh my god I had no idea that is about every one on the block. Doe their wives know," Kathy said. 

"Yeah in fact I think they like it more than I do about twice a month they have a party were all the men suck each other and even a few of us women would get to play with the other woman." Debbie said.

"What did Jeff think of our son's activities" Debbie asked.

We talked about it that night and before I came over here neither one of us has a problem with it we just didn't want to get your son in trouble if you and Steve didn't approve of it," Kathy said.

"But what did you two think of it?" Debbie said.

Kathy was staring at Debbie's finger which was still circling her nipple with out looking up she said, "I thought it was really hot, I have never seen anything like it. I asked Jeff what he thought? This morning he admitted he really liked it and he would like to try it some time." 

Debbie noticed Kathy was staring at her Breast and asked, "You like what you see?" 

Kathy nodded her head yes.

Why don't you come over for a feel and a taste of your own? Debbie said. 

Kathy got up and walked over to Debbie and knelt down and kissed the breast Debbie and had been massaging. She then opened her mouth and started to play with the nipple with her tongue. Debbie let out a soft sigh then she pushed Kathy head down between her legs. Kathy didn't resist when Debbie opened her legs for Kathy's head. Kathy open her mouth and stated to stroke her clit with her tongue. She then sucked Debbie's little clit in to her mouth and started to suck on it like it was a miniature cock. This brought off Debbie in just a few seconds. Once her orgasm started it seemed like there was no end to the convulsions until there was no more energy left in Debbie's body then Kathy got up and kissed Debbie full on the lips sticking her tongue in her mouth giving Debbie a full taste of what she had done to her. "Thanks, god that was wonderful I really needed that" Debbie said. 

"Have you and Steve ever sucked off your son?" Kathy asked.

Debbie still had the post-orgasmic glaze over her eyes when she said, "Yeah what better way to express your love to your children." 

That really shocked Kathy she had no idea this could go on her neighborhood, then she said, "In away I see your point."

Then Kathy looked at her watch and said, "I have to go home and start on supper, and we can talk about this some other time."

When Kathy got home Jeff was in the Kitchen starting supper said, "Need any help? What are you fixing?"

"Just something light and easy for the two of us. Sam won't be home tonight he is studying with Billy at the library."

"You sure he is studying? Kathy said with a smile. 

"I don't know, but that is what he said," Jeff said with a smile. 

"How did it go with Debbie? I was a little concerned because the two of you aren't really that close," Jeff said. 

"It went pretty well. I did find out a lot more than you did with your talk with Steve," Kathy said.

"What did you find out?" Jeff asked.

"Well to begin with Steve has been doing this with guys for a very long time," Kathy said. 

"I kind of figured that, what else did you find out?" Jim said. 

"She told me Steve and half the men in the neighborhood suck each other off on a regular basis and she and Steve also play with their son," Kathy said. 

"I find the part about our neighbors hard to believe but I'm not surprised about them playing with their son. How did she explain that? Jeff said.

"What she said was that was the most wonderful way to show your children you love them," Kathy said. 

"I know she believes that, but you would have to agree Billy is a nice kid. He always has the best intentions. Emotionally though he is not playing with a full deck," Jeff said.

"We should still talk to Sam about this," Kathy said.

"I know maybe we can talk to him tonight when he gets home," Jeff said.

"Ok, Let's sit down and eat you look like you have done a good job fixing supper tonight," Kathy said. 

It was 10:30pm when their son Sam came home from the library. Kathy said," Hi honey how was your evening?" Sam didn't even acknowledge his parents when he walked through the living room. He went strait towards the bathroom and started to strip to take a shower. Jeff and Kathy got to the bathroom door when they heard him turn the water on.

"I wonder what he is upset about?' Kathy said.

"He is 18 he doesn't need anything to be pissed. It comes with the age. Jeff said. "We'll wait for him to come out and see if anything is wrong." 

Jeff and Kathy then went to their bedroom leaving their door open so they can see when their son would walk by. About 30 minutes later they saw their son walk by their room with a towel around his waist. 

"Anything wrong Sam?" Jeff said. 

"Uh, oh no." Sam said as he walked by his parent's room.

Jeff and Kathy waited a couple of minutes then when to their son room to talk with him. They went right in without knocking and saw their son lying naked on his bed slowly stroking his cock.

Sam looked up he said with a pissed tone in his voice, "Do you mind." 

"Cut the attitude boy your mom and I just need to talk to you for a little bit. This won't take long then you can get back to what you were doing."

Jeff stopped stroking his cock but his hand stayed on it gently squeezing it. Then he said, "Ok what is so important?"

"Last night your mother and I saw you sucking Billy's cock. Would you like to tell us about it," Jeff said. 

Jeff was frozen he was trying to think of something to say that would get him out of it. For a brief moment he thought he could deny it, but thought better of it. He knew the quickest way to piss hi parents off was to lie to them. So he just lay on his bed in silence. 

Kathy could see Sam's attitude was beginning to piss off his Father. This always upset her she wished her son would show more respect for Jeff. Kathy knew she had to do something to diffuse the situation before the two of them started to argue.

"Honey it's ok were not mad or upset with what you and Billy did with each other. We just need to know." Kathy said. Then she knelt down and kissed her son on his forehead. 

That's all son we not in here to judge you or even to chew you out. We just need to know where you are at with this. Jeff said.

"What do you mean and what do you want to know?" Sam said.

"How long have you and Billy been doing this?" Kathy said. 

"Since school got out this summer," Sam said. 

"Are you gay?" Jeff said. 

"NO, it's just something a few of us guys like to do. You know to lower the tension," Sam said. 

"Do you like doing it?" Kathy said. 

"Yes," Sam said. 

"Is oral sex the only thing you do with your friends," Jeff said. 

"Yeah," Sam said. 

"You like it when he comes in your mouth?" Kathy said. 

"Yeah don't you like it when dad comes in yours?" Sam said. 

Kathy turned red then she said, "Yes I do but that is something your father and I do out of love. It's not something we do just because it feels good." Kathy said. 

"Speak for yourself" Jeff said smiling at his wife.

"Dad?" Jeff asked.

"Yes son?" Jeff replied. 

"You ever suck your friends?" Sam asked his father.

"Yeah," Jeff replied. 

"Did you like it?" Sam asked.

"I've only done it once," Jeff said, "I did like it."

"He cum in your mouth?" Sam asked his dad.

"Yes," Jeff said.

"You swallow to," Sam asked. 

"Yes, I did that to and I liked it also." Jeff said. 

"Would you do it again," Sam asked his dad. 

Kathy looked over at Jeff and reached down and took her son's hand away from his cock and nodded to Jeff. Jeff knelt down and took his son's cock in to his mouth and started to suck on it. Jeff could feel his son's cock grow even harder and bigger in his mouth with in a few moments he son started to pump his hips up and down on the bed thrusting his 6 inch cock in and out of his father's mouth. Sam's breathing started to quicken, then he said, "Oh god that feels good, oh god don't stop." Jeff started to flick his tounge on the sensitive are just below the head.

Kathy knelt down and whispered in her husbands ear, "That is so sexy, make him cum and swallow it all for me baby. Suck him suck him hard for me that is so hot." 

Then Sam started to raise his hips higher off the bed and he started to come in his father's mouth. Jeff held it all in with out gagging and when his son was finished coming he raised up and gave his wife half of what his son deposited in to his mouth . 

"I love you honey" Kathy said to Jeff when they finished kissing.

"I love you to baby," Jeff said to his wife then they both knelt down and kissed Sam one each side of his face. 

"We both love you Sam all we want is what is best for you," Kathy said to her son. 

"I love both of you to," Sam said. 

The End - of this part, anyway.