 As I sat on the swing, I found myself watching as men after man would walk into the restroom or woods and wonder what was going on this time. That afternoon I ended up getting sucked off three more times.

One of the men even told me about the rest area over the hill in the same park, and of course I had to go and check it out. 

On walking up the hill toward the rest area I ran into a man on a bicycle that had to be in his mid forties, he said hi and started some small talk about the way I was dress in my very short red shorts and tank top.

After about five minutes of small talk he came right out and asked if I was looking for a blow job, and I had no way around saying no. I was always hard now, just thinking of having sex with men.

We walked to a trail in the woods where he just stared to pull my shorts down and suck my cock right there on the trail, on asking if this was safe, he said we could go back to his house which I found out was just down the street from my house. I agreed and walked back to his home.

On getting inside, he showed me the family room and put on a porn movie. He then returned with a beer for me and asked if I smoked herb, so I drank my beer and smoked a joint.Then I drank 3 more beers and my head was spinning. This guy then started to rub my cock through my shorts and asked if I was horny, and of course I said yes.

He started to ask me how long I have been having sex with men, and I told him that this was my first year and told him about the story of the guy wanting to see my cock, and he laughed and told my most of the restrooms in the park were cruising spots for sex, and even gave me some other places and hints to pick up guys including the freeway rest stops and men clubs.

The next thing I knew he was pulling me to my feet and led me to a bed room and began to take off his clothes and told me to do the same. As we both got in bed he laid on top of me telling me I was as cute as girls with my skinny body and long hair. He was now rubbing his now hard cock on my belly as he kept telling me how cute I was and how turned on he was. He then asked if I ever sucked a guys cock, and I said no way, just got sucked. He then asked if I had ever gotten fucked in the ass and I laughed and said no way, but did tell him about the guy who licked my ass and how good it felt.

At this point the guy leans over me and gets a bottle of lotion and started to rub it into my ass and began to put a finger in my ass, I started to get scared and he just told me to relax that he would not hurt me. He got up and left, returning with a couple of more beers just for me. So as I laid there drinking my beer and letting him put his finger in my now well lubed up ass I found myself pushing against his finger. 

He then pulled out his brown little vial of liquid and held it up to my nose and told me to inhale deeply and I did, this sent me flying. Then I found my leggs over his shoulder and his cock at the opening of my ass. He then looked into my eyes and asked my if I was ready and said I think so. He told me that once he entered my ass with his cock that I would no longer have and ass , but a pussy for men to use for their pleasures and that I would be a bitch or girl to have men use and that I could never change that after he put his cock in me and filled me with his seed. I was so high that I just put my arms around his neck and told him I was ready to be taken. 

He leaned over and got the vial and made me take another sniff and I was flying so high I felt his cock begin to enter me which scared the hell out of me and hurt somewhat but he was gentle and kept pushing into my virgin ass, soon to be a pussy for men to have at their will.

Once he had got his cock all the way in he just laid there and let me adjust to his cock. He then looked at me and said that I was now what they called a bottom and not to forget it. He then started to call me his little faggot slut and really got into calling me names as he began to pump in and out of me with his cock telling me it would not take long before I was filled with his cum.

His pace began to build, he was sweating like crazy all over my body and his breathing was so fast as he yelled out that he was cumming and started to jerk and then slammed one last time and held his cock deep in my now boi pussy and began to fill me with his seed. After a few minutes of laying on top of me, he pushed up and looked in my eyes and asked if I was ok, and I said yes. He then asked if I enjoyed being taken by a man and the feeling of his cock in my boi pussy as he now called it, and I said it felt great.

He then pulled out and I could feel his cum still dripping from his cock on my legg and belly before he got up and walked out of the room. He came back with a towel and started to wipe me off and told me that I was the best fuck he ever had and his first virgin.

I then asked to use the bathroom and on going in and wiping my ass with some toilet paper I found blood and cum mixed which then scared me. I walked back into the family room still naked and asked about the bleeding, which he said would not be long lasting and that as I had my hole filled with men's cocks, it would get easier and not hurt or bleed as bad. 

I then walked back to his bedroom and got dressed and got ready to leave when he told me that I would be welcome anytime and that he could teach me a lot about man sex and other thing that I will learn to enjoy with time.

I walked out wondering what that would be...