 When Joe walked into the party store the first thing he noticed was the young Indian guy over by the balloon section. The place was a store catering to any and every holiday and celebration you could imagine. It had opened almost as a pop up store years ago after the local drug store closed. All this time later it was still there and seemed to be doing good business. Joe assumed it was owned by Indians. The old guy at the counter was an Indian and he always seemed to be handling the books as well as checking out customers.

The young guy was new though. And he was hot. Probably in his early twenties. Thin, dark haired and just hot. He was well groomed with closed shaved beard and glasses. He was wearing jeans and a t shirt and Joe was drawn to the bulge in his crotch - whether it was the guy's dick or extra material in his pants, Joe could not tell. But it was making his own dick hard just thinking about it. 

Joe was not bad himself — older for sure in his early 50s, but in great shape from consistent running and working out. He had grey hair which looked good for his age. He dressed appropriately, but his jeans fit him well and were tight in the right places.

He was at the store just to get some paper plates and place setting for a little roof top party he was throwing. He knew exactly where everything was but made his way over the young guy just the same.

"Hello," Joe said.

"Hey," said the guy. "Can I help you?" Standing closer to this kid Joe could smell a strong musky woody man scent that only made him hornier. Fuck. Who was this guy. He looked him in the eyes and smiled.

"Hey, yeah, I am looking for some plates and settings for a party I am throwing but I don't see the exact color I am looking for." Joe knew this place had basically every color imaginable in every shade imaginable but it was the only thing he could think of to engage the guy. "My name is Joe by the way," he said as he extended his hand.

"Raj," he said as he shook Joe's hand. "Nice to meet you. We have those items right over here." He also made eye contact with Joe. Almost flirty eye contact. Joe was not sure.

Joe followed Raj over to the plate section and, sure enough, there were more colors than imaginable. Joe punted with the whole thing.

"You guys have the best selection. I was hoping for something a bit lighter in than the yellows you have here — I know it sounds ridiculous but I am trying to match a table cloth and other things that I already have.

As they spoke, Joe could feel some energy between them. The guy's eyes smile as the spoke. They were so brown, Joe felt he could fall into them. He smiled too as they talked — just kept himself open.

"No problem man — we may have more in the back — we have like everything here — I can go check."

"Awesome, I really appreciate it." Joe thought for a second, "maybe I could go back with you? That way if you have multiple things back there I can identify them with out you having to bring stuff out."

Raj seemed to think about it — at the same time he kept eye contact with Joe. "Yea, that sounds good — we don't usually do that — as long as you promise not to judge the condition of the storeroom — we are just organizing after a huge shipment."

"Ha, no worries about that," said Joe. "I can only imagine the volume you go through here. All good."

Joe had been to this store many times — it was quite large — probably covered the combined space several stores generally occupied. As many times as he had been here he had never noticed any sort of entry to a storeroom or backroom or anything like that. He was surprised following Raj to the back at of the store where it was located — it was really almost hidden between two displays in the back.

It was and was not what Joe expected. First of all it was pretty dark and it was large and cluttered. Joe followed him about 20 feet into the room but after the first 5 feet the entrance could not be seen behind large boxes and shelves containing even more smaller boxes. It was so full and large it almost seemed easily to get lost in - as it was they turned past several stacks as they made their way into it.

Finally they got to an area of boxes marked plates and tableware — each box had a manufacturer, model number and color on it. The boxes were in a fairly tight area and as Joe followed Raj into it there was not much more room than would allow one of them to walk at a time.

Raj pointed out several boxes marked "yellow" — "this would be a good place to look he said," he stood back so Joe could get in front of him to look in the box. Joe bent forward to look into the first box and in the process brushed his leg and his ass against Raj. Joe wasn't sure where or how, but he imagined it was Raj's cock — he hoped so at least. He did nothing to apologize of shift in any sudden way. It was only the quickest brush but it left an imprint on his mind — certainly it got him even more aroused.

"That look like the color you were thinking of?" Raj said. As he spoke, Joe could feel Raj pressing against his ass — clearly the guy was looking forward himself to see into the boxes while Joe was looking. Joe took a breath and allowed himself to press back into Raj. He imagined his ass rubbing against the guy's cock — whether that was happening or not Joe was so hard he was almost cumming in his own pants.

"Looks possible," Joe said. He let himself rest pressing against Raj. He could smell the kid really strong now — he was so musky it was driving him crazy. He looked back at Raj and still there was that eye connect. Neither of them spoke, their eyes just met. Joe could see that his ass was in fact pressed against Raj's crotch. He just looked at him and smiled. As he did, Raj brought his hand to Joe's sided and ran it from his abdomen down to his hip. Joe pressed a little more firmly into Raj's crotch. - also reached back and stroked his hand from Raj's buttocks down to just above his knee. He could feel that Raj was hard pressing into him.

Joe could tell Raj was really turned on now. Raj pulled Joe's shirt up and ran his hand over Joe's bare abdomen and up to his chest. He leaned forward so he was spooning Joe while standing and kissed Joe's neck. Joe turned around and Raj's lips met him as Raj held him from behind. His tongue entered Joe's mouth and Joe's turned his head even further to make out deeply with Raj as he actively and aggressively ground his clearly hard cock against Joe's ass through both their pants.

Raj moaned as he reached around Joe and undid Joe's belt, opened his pants and let them drop to the floor. He ran his hand over Joe's asshole and fingered his ass — Joe could hear Raj spit into his hand and could feel him rub the spit all over and into his hole. Raj's pants came down too and Joe reached around to feel his cock — it was huge, and his balls were huge. Joe smelled his hand after touching Raj's cock and almost came right then inhaling the intense musk.

Raj spit more into his hand and pushed his fingers deep into Joe's asshole. Joe moaned and pushed his ass further into Raj and his hands. At the same time, Raj kept leaning over Joe and kissing his neck and his mouth. With Raj's tongue in his mouth Joe could feel Raj slowly push his cock into his asshole. He really was big and Joe drew his breath in as Raj worked his cock slowly but completely into Joe's hole. He wanted Raj deep in him so bad.

Each time he went deeper into Joe's ass he pushed a little faster and harder. He was reaching an intense rhythm of fucking Joe and Joe could hear his breath heightening and growing in intensity. Joe moaned as softly as he could as Raj uttered "fuck man, fuck, fuck," and pushed his dick deeper and more intensely in his ass. It was a bit painful - Rage was fucking huge. Joe reached behind himself to feel that Raj's full dick was up his ass — he couldn't believe something that big would be all the way up in him. All he wanted was Raj to keep fucking him.

Raj's breathing became even more intense and filled with pleasure — it almost sounded like he was going to cry it was so heightened. Joe could feel Raj's cock swell even more in his ass as Raj cried out quietly, "oh my God, oh, oh, uhhhn." Joe not only felt Raj cumming in him but he could hear it. As Raj continued to fuck him the sound became more lubricated. Joe could also smell the cum now and could feel it dribbling down his leg. Joe remember how huge Raj's balls were — his load was clearly huge too.

Raj continued to bend over and spoon Joe as he fucked him even after he came. He turned Joe's head toward him and kissed him with his lips and tongue deeply in Joe's mouth. He continued to hold Joe's bare stomach and chest and finally pulled his cock out of his ass. They kissed more and finally both stood erect. Joe could see and feel the cum dripping down his legs and out of his ass. He pulled his underwear up and then his pants. He knew he was soaked in so many places but he did not care. Raj also redressed himself.

"Fuck man," Joe said. "You are so hot man."

"You are man," said Raj. He reached over and passionately kissed Joe again. "Can I have your number man?" 

"Yeah man. I live right in this building. Text me any time. Like when ever."

"Nice man. Be sure I will."

Joe skipped the yellow plates and headed back up to his place to change. He was sure he would be hearing from Raj again. Maybe next time it would be with the other hot guy who worked there...