 Mitch struggled against the restraints. He was tied securely to the metal framework of the bed, seated with his back against the cold metal bars. When they had brought him here – who ever ‘they' were, they'd stripped him naked and tied him down. Mark didn't remember being brought here; his mind was blank.

He stared around the room, hoping that something would spark his memory. The floor was a simple wooden floor, but it was highly polished, a mirror like surface reflecting the colors of the room. The walls were painted a deep shade of blue, with plain metal furnishings along the walls. There was a simple cabinet along one wall, wooden doors hiding what ever was stored inside. Along the right side wall, sliding doors covered a closet, and there was a closed door leading from the room. There was a low table to his left, and he could see his clothes piled neatly on top, his shoes stowed below. There were matching tables to either side of the bed, each with a small lamp, made of a silvery metal. Seeing his clothes on the table sparked something in his mind.

He remembered getting home from work on Friday – God, how long ago was that? He had eaten some dinner and showered. He was to meet some friends at The Flash Back, a local dance club. While checking out his e-mail, he'd seen a reply to the profile he had posted on the Kink4U.com site, asking him if he'd ever been to ‘The Edge', a local sex club with a kink twist. 

That had been so many months ago. He'd arrived home from the airport at nearly 10:00 pm, and he hadn't felt like putting in too much effort and primping to hit the bars. He just wanted to get naked, find a horny guy and get fucked all night long. He'd driven over to The Edge, driving through the mostly deserted industrial neighborhood, barely any other cars around, until he got to the club. Then, the streets were full of parked cars, filling both sides of the street for the block. He'd parked his car and gone inside.

The local cops knew of the place and didn't have too many problems with the club. Occasionally, some of the guys would start to fool around outside, wanting to leave the club behind, only to walk around the building to fuck in the alley. But, since those days, the club had a security team that would patrol the area and prod people into taking their action either back inside or to their homes. Jimmy, the owner of The Edge knew that guys had urges, but he didn't feel that those urges needed to be displayed in public – even if this was an industrial area. Hell, that had been a source of many of his customers over the years; long haul truckers would be in the area, dropping off or picking up a new trailer-load of cargo, only to stop and drop off a load of their own cum at the club. Most of the truckers were straight, but they needed a release and there was almost always a mouth or a hand willing to help them out.

Mitch had gone inside the club, picking up a locker key and a towel at the desk. He'd hit the locker room, stripping down to take a quick shower before hitting the maze of rooms that made up the bulk of the club's space. Knowing that many of these guys had fantasies ranging from the simple through the most complex, Jimmy had seen fit to set up a number of play spaces for his customers. He had built a mini gym in one area, with some free weights and other equipment. Some of the guys would even just come here for a bit of a work out, trying to keep their bodies tight and fit.

Many of the rooms, though, had a more sinister and kinky feel to them, with assorted bondage equipment: cuffs, spreaders, rope and more, as well as a great collection of whips, floggers, paddles and more – all there for the enjoyment of the patrons. Jimmy preferred guys to use his stuff, as he could control the cleanliness of the equipment, instead of no knowing what they'd bring in to use.

Mitch showered, watching as 3 guys took turns with each other, fucking and sucking each other in an adjacent shower space. Mitch wanted to join in, but after only a few minutes, each of the guys started shooting their loads of cum on each other. Besides, Mitch just wanted to feel the pounding of hard cocks deep inside his ass – filling him over and over with their lengths.

He dried off, enjoying the lingering glances that some of the guys in the locker area kept sending his way. At 32, his body was still lean and toned, and he worked hard at working out whenever he could. Plus, his blonde hair and blue eyes gave him that wholesome ‘boy next door' look that so many guys appreciated. He pulled his socks and boots on, heading out into the maze, hoping to find exactly what he wanted.

That night, he'd been expecting just finding a few guys worth fucking around with, knowing that the normal crowd was just that: normal. Mitch wasn't too picky when it came to his anonymous sex trips, but he did have some standards. But to him, a dick was just a dick when it came to being stuffed up his ass or shoved deep down his throat. 

There was a click from the door to the room, pulling Mitch back from the memories. A large man, standing over 6 feet tall, with broad shoulders and a massive chest, stepped into the room. He was wearing dark blue shorts that clung to every inch of skin they covered. His enormous cock was outlined in the fabric, showing it to be around 9 inches long, curving up and to the man's left. On his head, he wore a fabric hood, the same color as the shorts, which covered his face and hair, covering him completely to his neck. "It is time," the man's voice came from inside the cloth, deep and powerful.

2 other men stepped around the first, each wearing black shorts and hoods, similar to the man. They were not as muscular, and their cocks were smaller behind the cloth. Mitch struggled against the restraints, tugging in fear. He felt weak and woozy and couldn't do much to the metal chains that rattled against the bed frame. They approached the bed and undid the chains attached to his cuffs. Each of them grabbed an arm and lifted Mitch to his feet. He felt a little light-headed from the quick motion, feeling momentarily dizzy from the effect. They put his arms behind his back and led him from the room.

Mitch was led into a hallway, long and dark. The walls were a lighter shade than the room. A carpeted runner covered much of the wooden floor; it was the same color as the man's shorts. Small wooden tables and chests were along the walls, each opposite a door.  Each door was closed and Mitch could only imagine what lay behind each one.

The corridor ended at another one, and they turned left, down a shorter length. The man in the blue shorts was walking in front, his ass outlined in the taught fabric. The man's legs moved with fluidity, the muscles beneath the skin flexing and rippling with each stride.  On his feet, he wore simple black boots, but they were polished to a near mirror shine.

They approached a door at the end of this hall. The man slowed only briefly to grasp the handle and open the door. The room beyond was painted the same dark blue as the room Mitch had been held in. The room was smaller, and there were only a few chairs and a small sofa in the room. 2 of the chairs were against the wall, bolted to the floor. There were brackets on the wall, at the side of each chair. There was a man seated in the chair on the right.

Well, seated would not be the exact word, Mitch though. While he was sitting on the hard chair, his ankles were bound to the legs of the chair and his arms hung to his side. Each wrist was cuffed, like Mitch's, and the cuffs were attached to chains, clipped to 2 of the wall brackets. He lifted his head when the man walked in, but quickly lowered his gaze. Mitch could not tell if there was fear or loathing behind those eyes.

Mitch was forced into the other chair, his own arms bound to the brackets on the wall. His legs were shackled to the chair legs and he could not move. 

The man in the blue shorts went through another door to the right side of the room, and the 2 men retreated back into the hall. They closed the doors behind them as they left.

"What the fuck is going on here?" Mitch whispered to the other man. "All I remember was heading out the other night and then waking up in a blue room!"

The man looked at the closed doors and then at Mitch. He looked to be the same age as Mitch, but with brown hair and green eyes. "I don't know, man," he said nervously, a tremor to his voice. "I remember about as much as you. I was going home after dinner with some friends. Last thing I remember was hitting a club and then… Well, that's it. Then I woke up in a blue room, too. I was chained to a bed when I woke up. Then, 2 guys came and brought me here."

They heard movement from behind the door, and both looked nervously to the one where the blue-shorted man had gone through. "I don't know what the fuck is going on, but I'm scared," Mitch offered. "I've never been in a situation like this before. I don't know what to do."

"All's I can think of is to do what they want us to do and maybe we'll get out of this OK." The tremor was still in his voice, and Mitch found little consolation in his words. They both sat upright when the door to the right opened, and the man in the blue shorts entered the small space.

"Mitch and Jason," he said, pointing to the bound men. "You will remain here for a few moments and then someone will be here to get you." His deep voice resonated off the walls, sending a shiver of…. Was it fear or lust that Mitch felt? The man in the blue shorts left the room, heading back into the hall beyond.

Once the door was closed, Mitch struggled against the cuffs, pulling the chains and testing their strength. "I've done that already," he paused. "Was it Mitch? Anyway, I've tried that after they put me in here. It's no use."

"I've got to try something. I want to get out of here. I don't like this." Mitch replied, pulling harder against the chains. The chains rattled against the sides of the chair, echoing cleanly in the room. There was a knock at the door and muffled speech came through, warning them to quiet down in there.

After a few more minutes, the door opened again and 4 men in black shorts entered the room. A pair of men approached Mitch and pulled him to his feet, releasing the chains from the cuffs. The other men did the same with Jason, each man grasping an arm, pulling them from the room.

They were led down another hall, shivering slightly, as the cool air touched their naked bodies. Mitch was behind Jason, and noticed that, even more so, that they shared a similar build. They could be brothers, except for their hair colors. Mitch felt a strange excitement creep in his body, stirring desires as he was led naked, with this stranger, towards whatever their fate may be.

They approached a set of double doors at the far end of the hall; there were 2 more men, each in black shorts, standing guard at the opening. They stopped before the doors and all the men stood quietly. Mitch glanced furtively at each of the men, noticing their bodies for the first time. Each of the 6 men in the shorts was slightly taller than Mitch and his co-prisoner, Jason. They were all well muscled and powerfully built, but none of them were nearly as muscular as the man in the blue shorts had been. He continued his visual probe of the men, trying to absorb as much information as he could. He noticed that they were all wearing well-polished boots, with white socks barely rising above the top of the boot. The shorts clung tightly to their bodies, showing their assets, much as the other man's blue shorts defined his physique.

Each of these 6 men had large cocks, some hanging to the left, some to the right. Their cocks did not appear to be hard, and Mitch wondered, absently, what they looked like when aroused. All of them had muscular torsos, with round and firm butts. Their abs were highly sculpted and worked, showing definitions achieved through rigorous exercise regimens. They're firm and solid chests hinted at the hours of time these men must spend with machines and weights, toning their physiques to near perfection.

Mitch felt his cock stir between his legs, being hardened by the blood coursing through the veins. Each of these men was a stunning example of masculinity, with sex appeal emanating from within. If this were a different situation, Mitch could easily find himself approaching any one of these men in a bar, tempted to see what the encounters would lead to. But, in this instance, their beauty was less of an aphrodisiac than the situation itself was.

Mitch glanced over at his bound mate, Jason, noticing that Jason was looking at the 6 men. Jason's cock was showing his sexual interest, as well. Drops of pre-cum glistened along the head of his hardening dick; Jason looked quickly at Mitch, and he could see the odd combination of fear and lust behind his eyes, mimicking Mitch's own feelings.

The twin doors suddenly slid open, revealing nothing more than a dark space beyond. The 2 men were led into the room. As his eyes adjusted to the darkness, Mitch could begin to see the figures of several men standing around the perimeter of the space, each wearing dark shorts and shoes. Their escorts locked Mitch and Jason to the end of 2 benches in the center of the room; they then exited and closed the doors behind them.

Mitch glanced around the room, trying to figure out what was going on. His head felt clearer than it had when they'd taken him from his room. This room was dark, with small lights on the walls, spaced around 6 feet apart. In the glow, he could see the same dark blue paint covered the walls, and the floor was covered in a matching tile. There were little furnishings for the room; there were a few tables along the walls and 2 benches placed in the center of the room, directly behind Mitch and Jason.

The men around the room were all similar to the men that had led them in here. While they varied in height, they all had similarly well toned bodies; their skin glistened in the dim light. All of the men were dressed in dark shorts and hoods, as well as black boots. Each of the men stood motionless, with only their chests rising and falling that breathed. Even the rhythm of each breath was the same, their oiled chests moving in unison.

The doors slid open again, and the big man in the dark blue shorts entered the room. He stopped and adjusted some controls on the wall, and spotlights illuminated the twin benches behind Mitch and Jason. The lamps along the walls seemed to dim slightly, but it could have been Mitch's eyes adjusting to the brighter lights behind him.

The man in the blue shorts walked around the room, seemingly inspecting the other men in the dark shorts. Each of them dipped their head in a greeting as the big man approached them. He nodded back, in reply, as he completed his circuit of the room. The doors slid open again, and the 6 men from outside entered the room – 2 standing sentry by the doors and the other 4 taking hold of Mitch and Jason again.

The big man spoke, as he came to the center of the room, and Mitch and Jason were told to drop to their knees. They were forced to kneel by the 4 men around them, and their hands were fastened behind their backs. The deep voice of the big man sounded from behind them, bidding the assembled to disrobe. Mitch watched as all of the men in the room stripped quickly from their shorts, including the men that were guarding Mitch and Jason. He was surprised to see that many of the cocks around him were hardening. He was even more confused, and yet intrigued, by these events.

Mitch's cock was hardening, and began throbbing as he was looking at the assembled cocks – wondering how many of them would be shoved up his ass tonight. He was beginning to realize that he and this other man, Jason, were to be used in some bizarre ritual of sex. Mitch thought of this aspect with a mixture of anticipation and fear.

He continued to look at the men around the room. There were cocks in all shapes and sizes, from long to short and fat to slim to straight to curved. The men gathered around the 2 kneeling forms of Jason and Mitch. The big man was standing behind Mitch and Jason, one hand resting on the shoulder of each man. Mitch felt waves of excitement flow through his body.

"Men," the big man began speaking. "Here we have 2 willing slaves for our sexual pleasure. Each of them will take your pleasure in any way they can, whether it is just by taking a cock up their ass or being forced to suck you off. Each of these slut pigs will take your cock and your cum – whether you pump it out across their body or deep inside their waiting asses and mouths. But, as always, safety will be tantamount. No cock may enter their holes without proper dress." Mitch was glad to hear that, even though this was to be a wild night, precautions were in place. "Both of these men's bodies are temples; sacred vessels that will not be ruined for them. Treat each of these men as the prized possession that they are."

He squeezed their shoulders and told them to stand. He led them to the center of the room, where the 2 benches were set. Each bench was just under 3 feet high and about 2 feet across and long. Each had a padded top, covered by a soft looking material. Both Mitch and Jason were told to lay across the tops, with their head hanging over an edge, their legs in the air, spread eagle. Mitch felt the cuffs that were strapped around his ankles, attached to chains hanging from the ceiling, supporting his legs. The cuffs at their wrists were clipped to the sides of the benches allowing only 

Mitch raised his head slightly to look around. His legs were held aloft and spread slightly. His cock was hardening against his body, and his balls were tingling. He looked over at Jason, strapped to the bench next to him, seeing him laid out in the same way.

The men were milling around, pulling condoms from boxes and sliding them down over their hard cocks. A cart was pulled in between the 2 men, bottles of lubes arranged neatly. Mitch squirmed a bit, finding the most comfortable position and preparing his body for the onslaught that was to come. The big man walked up to the cart, stripped of his shorts; his huge cock now exposed. Mitch looked at the man's cock, looking bigger up close – definitely at least the 9 inches he had thought before - and it was fat, looking to be at least 7 inches around. Mitch had never had a cock that size in him before, and he feared how it would be used.

The man took some lube and greased his cock up. He pulled a condom from on the cart and headed towards Mitch. "Sheath my cock in latex, boy!" he demanded, his voice coming deeper and more powerfully than before. "Prepare yourself for a night of pleasure and lust. Prepare for a night of servitude and obedience. Know that you are going to be transported to new heights of pleasure and orgasm this night. Know that you will be used and enjoyed, again and again, many times over this evening. Your body will be used as a vessel of pleasure and bliss. You will experience many orgasms tonight, as we fill your ass and your mouth with our cocks, taking from you our pleasure and releasing our own lust."

The big man released one of Mitch's hands. He fumbled with the condom packet, finally opening it and pulling the condom free. The man's cock bobbed near his face, as Mitch unrolled the condom a bit, sliding it over the head. Under different circumstances, Mitch would find this an utterly enjoyable experience, relishing the cock before him. While fear and trepidation still flowed in his body, a strange lust and desire began to fill his mind. He rolled the latex along the shaft of the man's cock, feeling it twitch and throb at the touch.

The condom fully unrolled, and Mitch's hand brushed against the big man's balls. They were firm and heavy, held snug against his body by a cock and ball spreader. The hair around the balls and cock was dark, nearly black. The skin of the man was bronzed, showing no tan lines. Mitch began stroking along the thick shaft, feeling the man's life course through the skin.
