 (Chapters 1-6 were posted in the Incest category)

The first few weeks of college were challenging, fun, and a little scary. Jim was glad to have such a good friend as Pat around. He was surprised by how homesick he felt and by the newness and uncertainty of being at college.

It was only about a week after they arrived on campus when the dorm hosted a party in the lobby for all the incoming freshman. Jim and Pat spent a few hours at the party and were happy to meet a lot of the other freshman. They returned to their room feeling happy and a little more comfortable in their new surroundings.

Jim gathered his bathroom things and headed out the door saying, "I'm going to take a shower." He went down the hall, stopping to chat with a few other guys who were out in the hallway, before going in the bathroom. He had just finished brushing his teeth when a couple of guys he didn't know very well came in and jumped into the two shower stalls ahead of him.

"Fuck it," Jim grumbled as he picked up his things and decided to head back to his room. He often liked to shower at night and every other night he had the whole bathroom to himself. He wasn't in the mood to wait and headed back to his room.

He opened the door and stepped inside without really looking at Pat. "The fucking showers were full," Jim grumbled just as an odd rustling drew his attention. He looked over at the old couch that sat under their loft and saw Pat scrambling to cover his hard on.

Pat's pants and boxers were lying on the floor at his feet and Jim saw a Penthouse lying open next to him on the couch. Pat grabbed a T-shirt off the desk and covered his cock with it. He looked at Jim and mumbled, "Uh...I...um... thought you'd be gone longer."

Seeing a quick glimpse of Pat's hard cock sent a surprising jolt down Jim's spine. Over the last few weeks of summer Jim often fantasized about Pat and Carol fucking. He had envisioned them fucking and sucking each other in hundreds of different ways. There were times, however, when Jim's fantasies had focused on his best friend.

He remembered the way Pat's hard shaft felt so powerful and exciting in his fingers. He remembered how it felt to make Pat cum and how it felt to have Pat's hand jerking him off. His touch was so much different than Carol's. It was hard to explain, but it was almost a little rougher, perhaps firmer was the better adjective. There was something so instinctual and smooth in Pat's touch that it made Jim's cock ache when he thought about it.

Many of Jim's fantasies about his best friend ended with Jim imagining what it would feel like to suck Pat's cock. The mere idea of that was so forbidden and wild that Jim always came very quickly and intensely.

The idea of being with Pat was still a little unbelievable. Before when he and Pat had experimented Carol had also been with them. Somehow, with Carol there it didn't seem like doing something "gay". It seemed more like he and Pat had done it as a form of foreplay for Carol. There was no denying how excited Carol became at watching them and her wild lust had definitely spurred them on.

Jim knew, however, that there was more to it than simply Carol's lust. The truth was that Jim had really liked being with Pat like that. He sometimes wondered what that meant for him.

"Um, that's OK," Jim replied meekly. They stood in silence staring at each other for a few moments. Jim couldn't stop himself from glancing down at Pat's cock when he saw Pat's hand move. 

To Jim's surprise Pat didn't pick up his pants. Instead he reached into one of his dresser drawers. He pulled out a DVD, held it up, and said, "Mind if I finish?" Pat dropped the T-shirt he had been holding over his cock and Jim's gaze briefly shifted to Pat's still mostly hard cock. 

Without waiting for an answer Pat slipped the DVD into the player and turned on the TV. Very quickly the small screen was filled with the image of a sexy brunette getting firmly fucked by a blonde guy with a huge cock. Jim and Pat had watched this porno a few times together before as they each jerked off, but that had been before they had started fucking Pat's mom.

Pat sat back down on the couch and turned to the TV screen. His cock jumped in excitement and soon Pat's hand moved down and began to fondle and caress his balls.

Jim stood by the door and watched the scene before him. Between the incredible fucking action on the TV and the sight of Pat fondling and lightly stroking his hard cock Jim's cock was rock hard and straining against his pants. Jim dropped his bathroom supplies and, without really thinking about it, he moved closer to the TV, and Pat, and began taking off his pants.

Jim pushed his pants and boxers down and stepped out of them. His rock hard cock pointed long and hard in front of him. Jim watched the TV and reached for his own cock as he began jerking off. After a few moments Jim glanced down at his friend and found Pat looking back at him excitedly.

In that moment, in that glance, Jim felt a swelling of lust and knew something was about to happen, but he didn't know what it was. Before either said a word Pat released his cock and reached out toward Jim. When Pat's fingers touched Jim's hip Jim gasped excitedly. He stared wildly at his friend as Pat rose off the couch and moved toward him.

As he moved Pat's hand slipped down and grasped Jim's excited cock. Jim groaned and, without even thinking about it, he stepped toward his best friend and initiated a kiss. Their lips danced together frantically and, almost before he realized he was doing it, Jim parted his lips and pushed his tongue into Pat's mouth. Jim wrapped his arms around Pat and pressed his rock hard cock against Pat's stomach as their kiss intensified. The kiss was rough and hard and Jim was growing frantic with lust. The way Pat's cock felt as it pressed into him was sexy and wild and Jim couldn't wait to feel it.

The kiss continued for many more long minutes. Jim finally parted the kiss when he knew what he wanted, or perhaps needed, to do next. He pulled away from Pat and guided his friend back onto the couch where he had been sitting when Jim had interrupted him while jerking off. Pat gazed at Jim excitedly with eyes that seemed to question what was happening. Jim figured Pat had expected they would jerk each other off, but Jim knew it was time to live out his new fantasy.

Jim dropped to his knees and, at first, simply gazed at Pat's cock as it stood hard and straight off Pat's lap. He slowly grasped the base of Pat's shaft as Pat moaned deeply. Jim stared intently at the tip of Pat's cock and he leaned forward drawing ever closer to his friend's excited cock. At first he reached out with his tongue and tentatively licked at the tip and shaft of Pat's rock hard cock. Pat moaned wildly as Jim explored him with his tongue. His cock felt amazingly sexy and exciting under his tongue and Jim's mind reeled with wild lust at the mere thought of what he was doing.

Jim eventually parted his lips and let Pat's cock slide into his mouth. In all of his fantasies he never could have imagined anything feeling this erotic. Pat's cock tasted exciting and wild and Jim savored the feeling of Pat's pre-cum on his tongue. Jim wrapped his fingers around the base of Pat's cock and easily settled into a slow and steady blowjob. He used to wonder if he would know what to do if he ever did suck Pat's cock, but now it all seemed easy and natural. Jim simply moved the way he would have wanted someone to move if they were sucking his cock. It was clear from Pat's reaction that he enjoyed what Jim was doing.

Jim eagerly sucked and licked at Pat's cock without pausing. Part of him wanted to make this moment last but that part was overruled by the intense lust and desire that filled the room right now. Jim couldn't believe this was happened and was so wildly excited that all he could think about was making his friend cum.

It was easy to see that Pat was getting close to cumming and before long Pat gasped, "I'm gonna cum." Jim suddenly realized that he wasn't sure about taking Pat's cum directly into his mouth and let Pat's cock pop out. He immediately started stroking Pat's cock with his hand and felt the wild thrill of knowing it was his own saliva lubricating Pat's cock. Jim stroked him steadily and firmly for just a few moments before Pat moaned and thrust his hips upward as the first strong jets of his cum erupted from his cock. Jim had never been this close to Pat's cock as Pat came. He stared excitedly at the sight of his friend cumming while he continued stroking out all of Pat's cum.

The first long jet of Pat's cum arched through the air and landed on Jim's shoulder. The feeling of its warmth sent wild, electric thrills through Jim straight to his cock. These thrills only grew more intense when the second heavy jet of Pat's cum fell upon Jim's cheek. The rest of Pat's cum landed on his thigh or slowly seeped out and coated Jim's fingers. 

The feeling of Pat's cum on him and the knowledge that he had just sucked off his friend was so wild that Jim couldn't think straight. He was simply consumed with the moment and his wild lust. Before he could even think about what he was doing he leaned forward and licked Pat's cum off his fingers. When he finished he continued licking all over Pat's cock. Pat moaned appreciatively as Jim continued "cleaning" Pat's cock. 

Pat's cum didn't necessarily taste good, but it was such a nasty and unbelievable act that it was still very exciting. Once he finished with Pat's cock he moved down and licked up the drops of Pat's cum that had landed on Pat's thigh. However, before he could finish Pat took hold of Jim's upper arms and pulled him up onto the couch until he was sitting next to his friend. They immediately met in a long, deep kiss that was far easier and more comfortable than Jim ever imagined it could be with another man. Pat's tongue danced wildly inside his mouth and soon their arms wrapped around each other as they both became completely lost in this wild, intense embrace.

The kiss lasted for what felt like many more long minutes. Finally Pat's hand slipped its way down Jim's chest and caressed Jim's throbbing cock. Pat's touch felt amazing and Jim leaned back from their kiss and groaned, "Oh fuck," as his friend continued caressing his cock. They remained like this for long while with Pat simply caressing Jim's cock and not necessarily stroking him.

Pat then shifted his position and crawled over Jim's lap. He settled down so they were facing each other with Pat's legs straddling Jim's thighs. This would be the perfect position if Jim wanted to slide his cock into a waiting pussy and for a brief moment Jim wondered if Pat wasn't going to adjust his position so Jim's cock could slide up his ass and they could fuck. The very thought of this previously unthinkable act sent wild chills through Jim. In that moment he knew he would have done it if that was what Pat had wanted.

Instead Pat moved so his semi-hard cock was lying against Jim's rock hard erection. Pat ran his hands slowly down Jim's chest and stopped only when one of his hands was wrapped around Jim's shaft. For a moment Pat cupped Jim's balls with his other hand but soon he ran his hand back up Jim's chest until it came to rest on Jim's shoulder. Pat started stroking Jim's cock as he leaned forward until they met in a deep, lustful kiss. 

Jim's senses were now entirely filled with his friend in ways he never imagined possible. Pat's tongue danced against Jim's and their mouths remained pressed together in a heated kiss. Pat's hand caressed and massaged Jim's shoulder and neck while his other hand smoothly stroked his cock. Pat's actions already had Jim teetering on the verge of his orgasm. Added to this was the sensation of Pat's cock rubbing against Jim's as Pat's hand continued bringing Jim steadily closer to his orgasm.

Eventually Pat parted their kiss and leaned back slightly. His stroking became a little faster and firmer and that was all Jim needed to pass the point of no return. Jim didn't even have time to warn Pat before he groaned and threw his head back as he started cumming. His orgasm was long and intense. It felt like he sent gallons of cum shooting out of his cock. Jim's eyes remained closed and he savored the wild sensation of Pat's hand and body as Pat easily coaxed out the last of his cum. They remained like this as Pat continued caressing and stroking him for several long minutes.

When Jim finally opened his eyes he looked down at his cock and saw that his stomach and cock and Pat's stomach and cock were heavily coated with his cum. There were long, white lines of cum pointing in every direction and what seemed like dozens of drops of cum everywhere. When Pat released his cock they melted together and settled down onto the couch with Pat lying directly on top of Jim. 

Jim felt the sticky sensation of his cum between their bodies and savored that feeling, but the thing that most caught his attention was the way Pat's cock felt as it lay directly over his. They met in another long kiss, actually a series of kisses. As they kissed they wriggled and rocked their hips to ensure their cocks remained in constant contact.

It didn't take long for Jim's cock to begin stirring and growing to its full size. At the same time Pat's cock grew hard again. With Jim still lying flat on his back Pat kissed his way down Jim's chest and stomach until his mouth was at the base of Jim's cock. With a long, low moan Jim savored the feeling of Pat's mouth encircling his cock and sliding down until Pat had taken as much of Jim's cock in his mouth as he could. Pat then attacked Jim's cock with a wild intensity and lust that seemed to indicate that Pat had also been fantasizing about this moment for a long time. 

Jim simply lay still and completely gave himself over to his friend's hungry, wanton mouth. Since he had just finished cumming Jim was able to last longer this time before he came, but he still ended up cumming much quicker than he usually would have. Pat's mouth eager worked his cock with what felt like a surprising level of confidence. Jim was sure Pat had never done this before and wondered if it was just the fact that Pat knew what he liked and was doing that to Jim. Jim wondered if his blowjob had felt this good to Pat but before he could think any longer the sensations and lust overtook him again. He ran his hands over Pat's shoulders and through his hair. He rocked his hips up and down off the bed in opposite tempo to Pat's movements.

Jim's orgasm was very close and this time he was able to warn his friend. "I'm cumming," Jim groaned. Pat's reaction was not what Jim expected. Instead of moving away from his cock Pat tightened his lips around Jim's cock and continued bobbing his head in a perfect tempo. Jim groaned again as the first jet of his cum launched directly into Pat's mouth. The second jet also entered Pat's mouth before Pat pulled his mouth away and coughed a little. The rest of Jim's cum landed around the base of Jim's cock. As Pat coughed Jim watched some of his cum slide out of Pat's mouth and land on his thigh.

When Jim's orgasm passed he and Pat looked at each other for a moment. Pat smiled and said, "That didn't quite feel like I thought it would. It shot right into my throat." They shared a short laugh that felt familiar and new at the same time. Part of Jim wanted to stay like this and savor the moment. He wanted to let Pat continue whatever he was going to do, but Jim's lust was in control and it told him what to do.

"Let me try," Jim said excitedly as he rolled Pat over. Pat was now flat on his back with Jim lying over him. Jim immediately brought his mouth to Pat's cock and took him inside for a second time. This time there was no hesitation or uncertainty and Jim gave Pat the wildest and longest blowjob he could. Pat reacted strongly to Jim's teasing and soon was groaning and rocking his hips excitedly as Jim's lips and tongue danced all over Pat's excited cock.

Jim could tell that Pat's orgasm was close and even though Pat didn't warn him it was coming Jim knew it was time. Jim kept his lips around Pat's cock and took a heavy, salty jet of Pat's cum right onto his tongue. It didn't shoot to back into his throat and make him cough, and after a couple of jets Jim tried to swallow but couldn't keep up with Pat's thrusting. He pulled Pat's cock out and stroked out the rest of his cum as he held a heavy load of Pat's cum in his mouth. He finally swallowed it down and then collected some of Pat's cum from his lips with the back of his hand. He gazed down at Pat's cock for a moment before dropping his head again to Pat's cock. He licked and kissed his friend's cock for many long minutes.

When he finished he crawled back over Pat and they lay in each other's arms for a short while. It was then that both of them realized how crowded it was lying like this on the small couch. It was really more of a loveseat than a couch. During the heat of their passion it was plenty big enough, but now that they were both satisfied they realized how cramped they were.

They got up and put on their boxers and for a few brief moments there seemed to be an awkward air between them. Jim was the first to speak and finally said, "So, what does that mean?"

Pat laughed and replied, "Dude, I don't know."

Jim couldn't stop himself from asking, "So, does this mean that, I dunno, are we gay?"

Pat answered, "Don't be fucking stupid. How does looking at a hot woman make you feel? What would you want to do if there was a naked chick here?" They laughed together before Pat added, "I don't know what the hell you are worried about. Hell, now the only people I have fucked are my mom and my best friend."

They laughed again and Jim joked, "You are truly a dirty mother fucker." Suddenly things felt very normal between the two of them. The little tension that had possibly existed before was now gone. It was now just two old friends hanging out as they had done many times before. The fact that he had just tasted his friend's cum and they had made each other cum twice was not even in the forefront of his mind.

To be continued...