 There were not a lot of people on the nude beach on the hot afternoon in the middle of the week. In fact, I had not seen a single person all afternoon. After laying in the blasting sun for about two hours, I really needed to get up and move around to cool off a bit. It was so relaxing and freeing to stroll along the river totally nude with the water lapping against my ankles. 

About a half mile down the beach from my towel a trail took off up the embankment to a little bluff overlooking the long stretch of beach. The movement of the trees along the ridge created an invitation to enjoy the breeze up above. I kind of struggled up the sandy hill. With each step forward I slipped two steps backwards. The effort paid off when I reached the top, turned around and was able to take in the view of the beach, the wide river and the snow-capped mountains in the distance.

It was odd walking along the dirt path taking in the scenery and feeling like the last person on Earth. I still had not run into another sun worshipper or even seen anyone below me on the stretch of sand lining the blue water.

Then I heard a whimper from a beyond the group of trees up the trail from where I had stopped to enjoy the cool breeze on my hot, sweaty flesh. It almost sounded like an animal in pain. I strolled up to the trees and the noise turned to moans of pleasure mixed with the sounds of slurping. 

Through the branches I was able to see a gorgeous ass, framed by tan lines created by an absent Speedo, pumping up and down in the brilliant light of the sun. A closer look brought the scene into focus and more detail. 

Sprawled on the ground was a beautiful well-built man with an all-over tan and dark features. The body on top of him was more slender, blonde and tan except for where his swimsuit had been. Each figure was devouring the hard cock of the other in a classic "69" position. Occasionally a moan, whimper or slurp escaped from one of the active mouths as a rigid shaft slipped out of a busy orifice.

My hand had automatically found my own stiffening prick and was stroking it smoothly thanks to a coating of coconut scented suntan oil. The two nude men continued their sexual frenzy, totally unaware of their turned-on audience. 

Dark hands came up from the body lying on the ground and started kneading the globes of the bright white ass on top. As the fingers slid into the sweaty crevasse between the mounds, the blond began to pound into the mouth of the other man. From my vantage point I could see first one, and then two fingers, forced into the asshole of the upper body. 

The blond jerked his mouth of the cock he had been savoring, arched his back and let out a guttural yell. After a deep breath he lowered himself and again began the pistoning on the bulging prick.

Being drawn onto the spectacle, I had not even notice I was no longer hidden by the trees from which I had been watching. Now, I was only about six feet from the two bodies in the clearing. One of my hands was wrapped around the base of my ball sac. The other was grasped tightly around my cock and moving in the same rhythm as the heads of the guys on the ground. As I reached up to wipe drops of salty sweat from my eyes the movement caught the attention of the muscular form with his back on the ground. 

For an instant his eyes opened widely in shock but it did not stop his action on the fleshy pole in his mouth. I saw him glance down to my own stiff meat and he seemed to relax as he continued to focus on the hot body above him. As if in a trance, I was unable to stop walking toward them.

The grunts and moans were becoming more frequent. I could not determine if the sounds were coming from the performers who were now at my feet or from my own throat. My balls began to tighten at the same time the men below me began to writhe as if in agony. Suddenly, a long white shot of cum blasted from me and landed across the back of the blonde. The sounds of the two were muffled as they started gulping the loads being pumped down each other’s throats. The veins in my own cock continued pulsing to the beat of more hot liquid spraying from my body. I shook off the last few drops onto the tan surface of the blonde’s smooth back as he collapsed onto the hunky guy beneath him.

I then turned away and continued walking down the path, once again enjoying the view and the cool breeze on my hot flesh.