 I decided to stray a little from my situational stories about seduction, and go a more romantic route, because I'm kind of into this guy and love fantasizing about him. 

Nick: 25

Avery: 21

# # #

My legs twitched back and forth at the end of my bed. I stared up at the ceiling with my hands behind my head, unable to really focus.

He's in my shower, I shouted in my head. I blinked so loudly it nearly drowned out the running water in the next room. Nearly. My heart pounded just thinking about that glorious naked body just a few feet away from me.

Avery and I had had been dating for a couple of weeks now, and each time I saw him, a chainsaw would run through my stomach, making it impossible to look him in those big brown eyes of his. If I did, I'd never be able to pull away.

I sat up on my bed. To my right a large tree tried its best to allow the moonlight to creep through my window. To my left my door remained closed, on purpose. And in front of me was my mirror, showing off my brown hair and green eyes that gave me away—I wanted him badly.

Opening my phone—an Android phone; Avery pestered me as much as he could that it wasn't the superior iPhone. I smiled at the thought of him teasing me—I scrolled through our texts. The last one was a few hours ago, asking if he could spend the night for the first time. 

Just spend the night? I asked myself.

That boy found every way to make my heart jump without him even realizing it. To him, he probably really just wanted to spend the night. To me... I don't know.

"Nick!" a muffled voice slipped through the hallway. I quickly opened my door and waited a second. Knowing me, I probably just heard my name when no one really called.

"Hey, Nick!"

I walked over to the bathroom door and leaned against it. "Yeah, Avery?"

"I think you're out of soap. Do you have any spare?"

"Oh yeah," I said. I forgot I had bought some more this morning and never put it in the bathroom. "One second."

I grabbed the bottle of Old Spice body wash from the Target bag in my bedroom and walked it over to the bathroom. I opened the door, unsure what I was really supposed to do. It wasn't like my shower was one those showers with a curtain. It was a spacious standing shower with two glass doors. Do I just toss it over without looking like an idiot?

The door didn't creak as I slowly entered.

My knuckles turned white from gripping the bottle. 

A burst of steam brushed me against my face. Avery faced away from the sliding glass doors. With the doors fogged over, I watched the shadowy figure run his hands through his hair, the shampoo running down his back and curving over his butt.

There was silence. Just the sound of the shower hitting the tiles.

I smirked to summon a sense of confidence in my voice, the way I normally did to cover up my anxiousness. "Here you go."

Avery contorted his body. I just made out his rib cage tightening against his skin.

Fully turned now, he grabbed the handle and slid the door to the side, revealing himself to me.

The light above glistened along the water hugging his bare body. I just stood there, staring up at him, working hard to keep on that handsome smirk people seem to like.

"What?" Avery asked. "Does this make you uncomfortable?" He looked genuinely unsure how to gauge the situation—probably as much as me. It wasn't that I was uncomfortable: I just didn't know how wrong it was to pull him toward him. To touch our bodies together for the first time.

I chuckled and shook my head. "I'm just always stunned by how beautiful you are." 

Avery stood taller than me, which was a new experience. I watched as the water ran down his chest and between his legs, catching a glimpse of his flaccid penis resting against his balls. 

"Whatcha looking at, big guy?" Avery asked.

My eyes snapped up before he could finish that sense. I blushed at being caught and handed him the bottle of body wash. 

He leaned forward. "I'll be out soon." He puckered his lips. As if controlled by the heat radiating from his perfect smile, I leaned forward and kissed him.

He pulled away too soon. I stood there like an idiot, still eating up the pain and passion he slipped into my mouth.

Avery pulled the glass door closed, but I swiftly threw my hand up to block it, setting off an echo in the bathroom. 

He stood, a little shocked, staring at me. But I wouldn't let this moment pass.

Stepping forward, I fully submerged myself under the warm embrace of the water. 

"Nick," he nervously laughed.

I closed the glass door behind me, quickly feeling all my clothes sticking to my body. I reached up for his face, and gripped both sides, and stared. As I guessed, I couldn't look away from those brown eyes. The softness. The fierce fire rolling peacefully within. I smiled as a drop of water dripped off his cute button nose. I pulled him back to me and pressed my lips against his.

With our eyes closed, we made out under the water. I knew I should had kept my mouth there for a moment to make out like a normal person, but with my arms draped over his body, I lost myself. First, I kissed every inch of his lips, moving across them to not miss a spot. Then his face. His chin. His jawline. I kissed all over, occasionally going back to his mouth to latch our tongues together. And finally, I reached his neck, just under the edge of his jaw. That changed everything. His hands rushed for my wet hair, squeezing it tightly as he moaned.

I couldn't help but laugh. Making this man moan had been a fantasy of mine since the moment he smiled in my direction. 

"God, Nick," he moaned again as I sucked the other side of his neck. 

"Your skin is so hot," I said. It wasn't what I wanted to say, though. I wanted to say how delicious he tasted. How electrifying his skin to my lips were. How merely toughing him made it a challenge to control my breathing.

He collapsed in my body as I broke my teeth out against his lower ear. I knew he wasn't a fan of pain, so I controlled my bites to elicit as much pleasure as possible.

"Fuck," he groaned. "Hurry and take your clothes off, idiot," he teased in the most charming voice.

"Make me." I smirked up at him. 

I stared into my eyes then. I loved every moment of this, but that moment right there was my favorite. It was only a few seconds, but him staring into my eyes sent coils of hot wire through my legs and up my chest. I desperately wanted to know what he was thinking as he watched me, but that moment passed just as quickly as it surprised me. 

He pushed me against the tile wall to kissed me the same way I had him. With his comforting hands, he ran them under my shirt and up my sides, slowly pulling my shirt up with them.

Avery kissed my neckline, moving along my bare chest. With his tongue, he pushed it against my nipples, flicking them and sucking lightly at first. I ran my fingers through the back of his head and pushed him further into my chest, hard enough to cause him to flush his hand against the wall for balance. 

"Oh, yes, Avery," I moaned as I felt his mouth completely swallowing my nipple whole. 

He kept the suction strong as he moved his lips down my chest, massaging my skin with his soft tongue.

As he kissed around my belly button, he reached for my pants and unbuttoned them, pulling them off and throwing them in the corner of the shower. 

The way he crouched in the shower, I had a clear view of his ass spreading apart. Water slid into my open mouth, mixing with the saliva that built up from pure ecstasy. 

He looked up at me. My crotch stood in front of his face. Only a pair of tight, soaked boxer briefs remained on my body.

As he stared at me, he reached up and grabbed the bulge behind my underwear. I knocked my head back and closed my eyes. I couldn't believe Avery had his hand around my balls. This beautiful boy I fantasized about every night in bed.

He continued massaging my bulge with one hand, and with his right hand he slid it beneath my underwear, from the back of my leg, and massaged my ass cheek. Without prompting, he looked away from me and opened his mouth for the outline of my cockhead. Sucking through the underwear, he ran his tongue in circles around it. I had to spread my legs out further just to hold my weight. 

"Avery, your tongue feels so good," I groaned from the feeling.

"Say my name again," he said before returning to my hidden dick, this time working his way down the shaft.

"Urg, Avery," I kept moaning, running my fingers through his hair. "Take all of it in your mouth, Avery."

With both his hands, he pulled my underwear off and threw it to the side. Fully erect, my dick pointed toward his nose. Without touching me, he leaned forward ever so slightly and stuck his tongue out so it touched only the precum forming at the tip of my dick. He pulled back, forcing me to watch him create a string from my aching penis to his tongue. Like a proper tease, he brought his tongue back into his mouth with my precum inside. 

His hands rubbed up my legs and into the crevices of my groin. He went back in, this time totally avoiding my cock, aiming for my balls. With calculated movements, he licked all around my sack and sucked beneath them. It felt so good, but he was killing me. 

I reached for my cock to jerking it off as he sucked my balls, but he was too quick for me. He grabbed both my hands and pinned them to the tile wall and pulled them away from my body so he could wrap his fingers in-between mine. 

My dick rested against his face as he made sure to massage my balls for as long as he could. Just that light touch on his face could had sent me over the edge. But as if he could read my threshold, he pulled back.

I let out a chuckle of disappointment. "What are you doing to me?"

With his pointer finger, he ran it up the underside of my pulsating cock and stopped right at the tip. "This handsome cock is going to get more than its share of pleasure."

I think I knew what he was saying. He stood up and wrapped his arms around me, pressing our hard cocks together. We made out and swayed together in the rain. 

As our sway got to the point where his back was now facing the wall, I push him against it. "I don't think I can handle playing anymore games with you," I said between kisses. He smiled, and I think he was about to ask what that meant, but I didn't allow that much time to pass.

I dropped to my knees and grabbed hold of his balls and pulled his dick into my mouth.

Avery through his hands down toward my head in reflex and said, "Woah, fuck, Nick!"

I pulled my head up and down his long cock, sucking and licking quickly at first, giving him that rush of sensation. I released his balls and formed a fist to press against the wall between his legs as I continued sucking him off. 

Slowing down, I focused my rhythmic motions on the head, caressing beneath it with my tongue, and rolling it all around. He seemed to like that more than normal. I kept that up as I explored his ass with my hand. My middle finger spun around his asshole in circles, applying pressure at times to catch him off guard. 

"Turn around," I said a little forcibly. I grabbed his waist and helped him turn. His ear against the wall, I spread his legs apart so I could get a better look at his asshole. Perfect view. It clenched and released as I softly breathed on it. 

With both hands, I massaged his butt cheeks, squishing them and rubbing them. 

"Mmm," Avery said. It was easily the cutest thing he said all day.

I wiggled my tongue out from my mouth like a worm and pressed it squarely against his hole. He readjusted from the touch. I circled around it, as if I was spinning his hole. Then a little quicker, I took larger strides, painting his ass with my saliva. 

"Mmm!" he said louder this time. "Shove your tongue in, Nick."

I shook my head slowly without saying a word, my nose tickling his ass, as if to tell him not yet. I did shove my entire face into his ass, though, sealing my lips around his hole, sucking it inside my mouth like it was just another nipple. But his ass tasted so good. Just cleaned with that manly taste to it.

Then, as he thought my next move was to penetrate him with my tongue, I sucked harder and lightly bit down on his hole. He pushed his face up against the wall as he moaned loudly. 

"What are you doing? Keep doing it."

Probably lost in his own pleasure, I gripped his hips and pulled him into me, moving him around like a ragdoll, in my complete control.

His ass was warmed up and dripped. I stretched his cheeks apart, creating more sensation, and snuck the tip of my tongue past his walls. The pressure around my tongue turned me on so much. I kept digging deeper into his ass to get past the initial ring. When I reached my limit, I pulled my tongue out and back in, using my velvet tongue to my advantage.

I thought he was sufficiently opened. I pulled away and stood back up. He just stood there, motionless, his face still against the wall, probably still feeling the phantom pleasure of my tongue down there.

I reached for the lube on my shower caddy that I used specifically for the shower. I shot some in my left hand to lather my dick with, and then more in my right hand to rub on his ass.

Pushing up against his ass, I reached around him and hugged him, rubbing his chest, and grabbing hold of his waist. 

With my lips, I kissed his neck once more. He sighed and said, "I could live with your body on me."

I smiled and guided my dick into his ass. It slipped in with ease, pushing past the ring and sending a shock up my shaft.

"Urg, yes," I said, kissing along the middle of his back. I pumped slowly, enjoying the subtle feelings his ass gave me. Boy was I burning up being inside of Avery. 

He moaned deeply with each thrust. I moved faster, wrapping my arms around his waist to get in as deep as I could. 

He did this thing with his ass where he'd clench it at the right moment to huge my dick head as it neared the exit. There wasn't anymore talking. Just constant moans. His ass jerked my cock off, sucking it in deeper for me. It tightly closed around me, begging me not to leave.

I reached down and grabbed his cock. I didn't know why I was surprised, but it jerked in my head, throbbing, waiting to get its release. I squeezed and rubbed his dick with the opposite motion of my thrusts. That was it for him. His medium groans turned into shouts. I hadn't really heard Avery curse much before, but a constant string of profanity left his beautiful lips.

"Fuck, fuck," he spoke to the wall. "Harder, Nick! Fuck me harder."

I went faster, losing the rhythm. I jerked him faster, squeezing my hands tightly when it reached his hand, to give him the most pleasure. The desire to reach for the faucet and turn the water cold was strong, but I couldn't stop.

I felt his cock tense up in my hand. Streams of semen exploded from him. The idea of penetrating Avery and getting him off brought me over the edge. "I'm cumming!" I groaned. I shoved my cock up his ass and fired inside as he fired in my hand. We breathed heavily and grunted with each shot. I cummed multiple times inside of him, but even orgasming after him, he was still going when I finished. 

I slid my cock out of him and looked at the mess he made on my wall. 

I smiled and kissed me on the lips. "Should we use your shirt as a rag?"

I glared at him and kissed him again.