 Beginning a new day in the arms of his Valentine was the best, and Patrick decided the family embrace in the kitchen with Michael in the middle increased his joy. The young boy was still babbling on in Danish, and he caught a slightly distorted version of his name. "Jeg kan kalde ham pap-Patrick. Pappatrick, Pappa-trick, nej Pappa. Er det OK, tror du far?"

Peter's smile was tender and delighted. "Papa betyder far på fransk og engelsk, så jeg er helt sikker på, det er OK. Patrick, Michael wants to know if he can call you papa?" Patrick was speechless but managed to nod and was rewarded by two small arms wrapping around his neck and a soft voice in his ear saying 'papa' then giggling. The young boy squirmed to get down, grabbed his juice and disappeared while singing along to the tune announcing his favorite cartoon starting on the TV.

This suited the two men fine and let them indulge in more kissing and exchanging sweet words of love. All too soon Patrick had to leave for work, but he floated all the way in a pink cloud of infatuation. Not even the fact he'd agreed to meet the dreaded Moster for dinner could dampen his spirits. Luckily few customers came by during the first hours, and the besotted card maker actually managed to sort out his shop. The first important visitors arrived at half past eleven and they happened to be his favorite gay couple.

John was chatting away even as he approached Patrick, his tall, dark husband following quietly with an indulgent smile. "Hi Patrick, we have a tricky task for you. Anthony's mum will be sixty and..." The curly redhead stopped abruptly and stared at Patrick with his mouth open. They'd caught him daydreaming while staring at photos of Peter and Michael which he'd hung around his work place. During the seconds of stunned silence a deep blush developed on his cheeks, but Patrick tried to stay calm. John soon recovered.

To Patrick's consternation he was enveloped in an exuberant hug. "Oh my God, I'm so happy for you. We'd wondered, but we weren't sure, even though Anthony normally has excellent gaydar. But I can see you're in love, you're practically glowing, Patrick. Oh and what a hunk, and he has a cute son too, wow how lucky can you be. Do tell," his husband's hand on John's shoulder made him falter for a moment, "I mean only if you want to, of course, but we're delighted you've finally found someone." Anthony caught Patrick's eyes and nodded, with one of his rare smiles showing he agreed with his excited spouse.

So the next half hour was spent telling the story of the past few days, with John almost swooning over the romance of it all. Sweet and reassuring, but Patrick was even happier by having Anthony accepting every word. He'd expected the serious lawyer to be skeptical and cautious but he listened calmly and only offered words of congratulations and support. When Patrick finally managed to voice his own worry about the shortness of their whirlwind relationship and possible difficulties ahead, including monetary issues, Anthony was surprisingly relaxed.

"Patrick, there're several ways to solve this, and I'd be happy to help. But you need to tell Peter as soon as possible and be honest with him. I know the company he's going to work for; they only employ the best and they pay accordingly. Peter's salary will exceed yours by a significant amount, so I suspect he'll be pleased the reverse is the case in relation to capital fortune. The main factor is your house. He'll save a lot of money not having to rent or buy a flat, thus increasing his disposable income. Have you thought about decreasing your shop hours?"

Patrick nodded, and both John and Anthony gave him pleased smiles. Their sincere wishes for his new relationship to be a success and for him to have a life and love apart from card making colored every word, gesture and look. In addition, the tendrils of a future friendship were growing from the sharing of confidence and trust, and something prompted him to acknowledge this hope. "Would you be interested in coming over for dinner one night? Meet Peter and Michael and maybe his aunt too. Or we could go out for a meal, if she can babysit." Their reaction left no doubt of the delight this invitation afforded the gay couple, and Patrick promised to get back to them with a date and time.

After sorting out the proper card for a lady who felt bad about getting old in years when she was young in mind, Anthony and John left with a handshake and a hug. The rest of the afternoon passed quickly with a steady but scattered arrival of customers. Around six o'clock Patrick got ready to close the shop for a couple of hours. His nervousness at the approaching meeting with Moster Grethe returned and he almost wanted to text Peter and cancel. But before the devil of doubt in his head could trigger a stupid reaction with his teasing, his boyfriend arrived with his family.

All of them were carrying various bags and boxes giving off delicious smells. "Hello my love, we have brought dinner here rather than go out. Michael prefers to be in your shop, so I hope you don't mind." Peter unloaded his parcels on a table and came over to kiss his surprised boyfriend. Patrick blushed but there was no way he could refuse the hug and short but heartfelt kiss. He'd missed his Valentine all day, and basked in the sunlight of his presence. Peter's obvious need of touching and his eager lips were the answers to Patrick's cravings for love and acceptance.

When he returned to awareness of his surroundings, Michael and the woman were engrossed in laying out the feast. They chatted quietly in Danish, and the young boy proudly gestured and explained. "He's telling her how nice your shop is and all the fun he had decorating Easter eggs." At the sound of Peter's voice the woman turned and smiled at them. She said something to Michael, who immediately took her hand and dragged her over to meet Patrick.

"Se bare Moster, fars Valentin kæreste, og min pap-Patrick. Papa, dis is Moster Grethe." By now Patrick was familiar with most of the Danish words, and he knew he'd been introduced as Daddy's Valentine boyfriend and Michael's papa. The boy's struggle to say at least some words in English was cute, and he resolved to help him master the th sound.

Peter kept his arm around him, as Patrick shook the hand of the woman, who struck him as both kind and efficient. Not surprising for a retired nurse, but the way she'd managed to organize the food and let them have a private moment without even a trace of resentment for being ignored was astounding. She greeted Patrick so cheerfully he didn't even feel ashamed of his impolite distraction.

Moster Grethe was tall but graceful, obviously fit for her age, which Patrick knew was 65 years. Her hair was almost white and her face still retained some of the beauty which her daughter had inherited according to Peter. Her smile was genuine and her greeting warm. "I'm so glad to meet you, Patrick. Michael has talked about you and your shop the whole day, and I can see why you've captured my nephew's heart. I hope you don't mind us eating here. Like Michael I'm not fond of restaurants, and he should take a nap soon."

"I feel the same way, and you're very welcome in my shop. I hope you'll consider staying in the house with us, but if you prefer to have your own place, I'm sure we can work something out." Patrick's offer surprised himself as well as Peter and Moster Grethe. But his intuition told him this woman was the exact opposite of his own awful aunts. She cared about people and their feelings and he felt comfortable in her company. Even when she started teasing Peter after they'd eaten dinner, tidied up and persuaded Michael to take a rest on the sofa.

"I had a couple of interesting phone calls late last night and early this morning. Your sister called me twice Sunday, and my sister called me while I was waiting at the airport. Both of them insisted I discover where and when you're getting married. As well as asking me to find out everything about your boyfriend. The whole family is going crazy over the fact you've finally fallen in love. I even had Kim send me an email from Tokyo asking me if the rumor was true." She sighed, but there was a twinkle in her eye.

"At least I can tell them you've managed to score a handsome and cute guy, who cares about Michael and is polite and welcoming to other members of the family. Why can't my son Kim meet someone like you, Patrick?" Luckily Peter intervened before Patrick died from embarrassment.

"Moster, you know Kim isn't gay, don't you? He's not even bisexual like me."

"But he's never had a girlfriend, and I did catch you two together." 

This time Peter was the one to blush. "I'm never gonna live that down, am I? Look, have you thought about who was doing what, when you came in the room?" She shook her head. "OK, let me be blunt. There's a good reason I performed oral on Kim and not the other way round. He got to close his eyes and imagine the blond bimbo with the big boobs next door, and I could think about her older brother. I fancied him, but he was straight too. Not that this prevented him from saying yes to a blowjob once I got up the nerve to suggest it."

Peter was smirking at the stunned expression on his aunt's face. "So there's the difference, Moster. Guys who like to give orally and receive anally are definitely on the gay side of the spectrum. Guys, who go the other way, can be either gay or straight. And Kim is most definitely straight. As far as I know he's never done anything else with a man but the fooling around he and I did as teenagers."

"But he's never had a girlfriend." She seemed bewildered more than annoyed. But when Peter slapped his face with his open palm, Moster Grethe winked at Patrick, who bit his lip not to laugh.

"Ehm, that's probably because he's a nerd and shy. I mean I like my cousin, but you have to admit he's not the best in social settings. And I've never seen anyone who's worse when it comes to flirting with girls." Peter smirked again. "Why do you think we used to go out together? I'd do the chasing and Kim would hover in the background and hope one of the girls took pity."

At first Patrick was somewhat appalled by the conversation, but gradually he realized his boyfriend had managed to divert Moster Grethe's attention completely. It gave him time to compose himself. As they continued to talk about Kim, he got the impression Peter's aunt was using the opportunity to dig for information which had eluded her in the past.

"I admit I used to wonder if he had a touch of Asperger. But he's older now and doing better. Surely, some women can appreciate my son's good points?" Patrick felt the genuine sadness of the older woman, the sort of worry a loving mother has for her son. Would his mother have felt the same, if she'd seen him going through life alone? He hoped she'd rejoice in his good fortune in meeting Peter and Michael. He even allowed a tiny hope of Moster Grethe extending the motherly feelings she so obviously had towards Peter to himself.

"Well, Kim's recent job transfer to Japan might do the trick. He has all the assets which traditionally attract women in Asia - and most of them will score point with their parents as well. He's educated, has a good job, is kind and polite, keeps quiet and shows few emotions in public, and when he bothers to dress well and keep fit, he's quite good looking. Oh and once a woman gives him a chance, she'll learn of another impressive feature, which might be decisive." Peter leaned over and whispered in Patrick's ear. "Kim's hung like a horse."

Of course he managed to time his remark to the moment Patrick took a drink of water. Moments later he was sputtering and trying to get his breath back. Patrick had barely avoided doing the classic spray-your-drink-all-over-the-table mishap, but only by swallowing and getting water down the wrong way. To his chagrin Moster Grethe leapt up to help and scolded Peter while insisting on being told what he'd said. The commotion woke Michael, who was whiny and demanded his dad's attention. So once Patrick had been sorted, he called a cab and suggested they head home.

"You're welcome to spend the evening at the house, Grethe." She'd been adamant Patrick should use her first name. "Peter knows where everything is, but otherwise he can call me. We can make more plans tomorrow morning, if you come over for brunch."

When Michael caught on to the fact, Patrick meant to stay at the shop, his voice got teary and Peter looked beseechingly at his boyfriend. Moster Grethe went over and put Michael on her lap and said something which made the boy shut up and stare hopefully at Patrick. The card maker knew he'd just had his first taste of the issue Anthony had raised. Peter came over and embraced him, and the decision was made before he spoke. "Is there any way you can close the shop for tonight and come home with us? I'm sorry about asking, but..."

"Never hesitate to ask, Peter. I love you and I love Michael, and I've already made up my mind to change my opening hours. My customers will have to adapt. Family comes first. You and Michael are the most important thing in my life right now and hopefully you'll stay that way."

The kiss this little speech earned Patrick was enough to make his head spin and his knees turn to jelly. Two familiar figures popped into his head, while he was trying to recover and get his raging erection under control. 'I'm so proud of you. You made the right choices, especially telling your man how you felt.' Patrick smiled into the broad chest of his Valentine, as always feeling safe and loved in his arms. Nice to know his supportive angel approved. Naturally, the dare devil took a different approach. 

'If you'd been alone, I bet your Viking would have ravished you right then. Laid you on the shop counter and sucked your cock, or bent you over the sofa and fucked the hell out of you. Does the idea turn you on? Having sex in you shop?' By now Patrick knew how to deal with his inner pest. His silent reply "Sure. All kinds of sex with Peter will turn me on, but I think doing it outside is even more fun." caused another impish implosion, leaving Patrick and the angel high fiving each other mentally.

As the couple let go of each other, Patrick immediately looked over at Michael. The young boy was smiling triumphantly and letting Moster Grethe bundle him up in coat, scarf, hat and gloves. He seemed unfazed by the sight of his dad kissing and hugging another man. Were all Danish children brought up to be tolerant of gay people, or was Michael special? Patrick was grateful no matter what. 

He finished the last part of his closing up routine as the cab arrived. While his family got into the car, he hung up the sign advising customers to call him, as the shop was closed for the day, and locked the door. Such a novel but delightful feeling to look forward to leaving the shop and go home.

The rest of the evening was spent in casual talk, hearing about Peter's new job and making plans for the next week. Moster Grethe left around ten, saying she was tired after a long day and from her point of view it was eleven at night. Peter walked her back to the pub, while Patrick tidied up and got ready for bed. 

Once again Michael was sleeping upstairs and had made it clear he expected his daddy and papa to join him. As Patrick sat in the chair and watched the boy sprawling in the middle of his bed, he tried to come up with a solution which would prevent another mishap like last night.

He heard Peter come in and lock the door, checking the kitchen and ascending the stairs. As the handsome blond came into the bedroom, Patrick stood up and went over to hug him. "I wondered if you'd like to take a shower together?" He felt Peter twitch against him; his boyfriend dragged him into the hall and had him up against the wall, kissing him senseless.

"You know I would, you naughty man. I'm hard and leaking just imagining you naked in the shower." Patrick knew it was true, he could feel the huge bar of steel sliding against his own erect manhood. "But I want you too much. If I undress you, I'll want to suck you and make love to you. Or the other way round. I want to taste you, darling. Lick you all over; open your tight little rose bud with my tongue and my fingers, before I slide my cock into your sweet virgin ass."

Peter's mouth kept nuzzling at his neck as the seductive whispers filled Patrick's ear. Somehow the two men managed to grind against each other, and when a strong hand cupped his butt and fingers pressed into the crevice, Patrick couldn't hold back. The images in his head and the intimate touch of his lover overwhelmed him and wet pulses of semen filled his briefs as the innocent man came hard. Moments later his Valentine moaned and the rhythmic thrusts of his pelvis showed he'd gone over the edge too. 

Silence except for heavy panting, while both men tried to cope with the aftermath of the unexpected ecstasy. Peter recovered first. "I love you. I loved making you come. So much I did too. But I guess you noticed." Patrick nodded and mumbled yes into the strong shoulder supporting his head. He was quite grateful they both creamed their pants. 

Somehow it absolved him from any shame which might have ensued from being able to orgasm from Peter painting erotic pictures with his voice. Oh the close body contact helped too, but Patrick was painfully aware he'd have climaxed sooner or later from listening to Peter spell out exactly what was in store once they got naked. The mere thought of his man without clothes had Patrick hardening again, and he gasped.

Peter released him with one last kiss. "Why don't you shower first? I need to go downstairs for clean underwear. I'll shower down there, once you're done." Patrick nodded and ducked back into the bedroom to grab a new t-shirt and briefs. 

His shower was fast and he rinsed the soaked briefs and left them hanging on the faucet. Since his jeans were stained inside with cum too, he bundled them with his socks and dirty top and took them back to the bedroom to drop in the laundry basket. Tomorrow would be a good day to get some laundry done.

For some reason, Patrick didn't feel comfortable getting into bed without Peter being present. He put on his bath robe and spent the waiting time sorting out two loads of clothes. Just as he finished, his boyfriend entered the bedroom. Soon they were lying on either side of the bed looking at each other over the peacefully sleeping boy. Patrick noted they'd both chosen to wear T-shirts which helped keep his mind off naughty matters.

"I'm so grateful you're eager for us to be intimate, love. And I promise not to make you wait too long." Peter's voice held a longing which had Patrick blushing. "I actually went to a private clinic today and paid double for them to do the tests fast." Was Patrick weird for thinking this was a romantic gesture? Maybe, but he also appreciated Peter's ability to be honest and down-to-earth about these matters.

"I'm not worried about HIV, as I've been tested twice since I was last with a man. I haven't had symptoms of any venereal diseases, but I know some of them can be dormant for years. I'd never forgive myself, if I gave you something." The serious look on his boyfriend's face showed he was sincere. "I'll only desire you for the rest of my life, and I want no barriers to our love making." Patrick heartily agreed. He wanted everything, lots of it, and as soon as possible.

Suddenly a small grin appeared and the blue eyes twinkled. "I guess the next part of our talk is the big deal. I'll confess first, if you promise to be honest too." Patrick immediately knew what they were heading for as the two silly beings in his head popped up and chorused 'top, bottom or versatile?' He almost crossed his fingers waiting for his boyfriend to reveal his preference. "Okay, I suppose you've guessed I like to top?" Patrick nodded. "Well, the few times I've gone all the way with a man, I gave. So in fact I'm as inexperienced as you are, when it comes to receiving. Oh and just as eager to change my status."
