 "Hey man, you out there? I kind of need help." 

Chris was lying on his bed and heard the voice of his roommate Patrick from the bathroom. He had been lying on his bed kind of stroking himself, almost out of boredom. Still he was horny and super hard. He was cute 20 year old guy -- tall, thin with brown hair and a close cropped beard. He ran on the school cross-country so he was pretty wiry and in great shape. Likely had more than one guy or girl interested in him on campus.

"Yeah man, what's up?" Chris knew it was some issue -- his poor roommate -- the guy had had a terrible bike accident -- he ended up with a black eye, broken nose, he also had a broken arm and a sprained shoulder -- both on different sides of his body. He just got back from being at the hospital for a few days and then at his parents' house for a week. The nose was ok, his eye was clearing up but his left arm was in a cast and his right one was messed up from his sprained shoulder. He had gotten some limited movement back in his right arm but for the most part needed to keep it in a sling.

"I'm embarrassed man, but I need your help."

"No problem man," Chris said, "what can I do bro?"

"It's fucked up man. I thought I could move my left arm but my shoulder is still fucked up. It kind of locked up on me. I hate to ask man, but could you come in here."

On the one hand, Chris kind of hoped it was some kind crazy Patrick-was-naked-and-needed-help fantasy shit, after all he thought Patrick was pretty hot. Generally, Chris was bi but leaning way more to straight. He had definitely been blown by guys but he generally focused on girls and if anything happened with guys he was either drunk or stoned. 

On the other hand, he dreaded dealing with probably a messy situation, but like, what were friends for, right?

"Yeah man, ok, yeah, no prob." Chris rolled of the bed and tucked his dick as much in his briefs as he could. He was shirtless but he pulled up his flannel pajama bottoms he wore around the dorm room. He opened the bathroom door -- it was basically more messed up than he thought. Patrick was sitting naked on the toilet and the place smelled strongly, really strongly like he just took a massive dump.

"fuck man -- it stinks in here!"

"Sorry man, I can't even reach around to flush the toilet."

"Damn bro." Chris quickly reached around Patrick and flushed the toilet. There was immediately a bit of relief from the smell but the place still had a ways to go. Chris opened and closed the door to fan out the smell as best he could and turned back to Patrick.

"Fuck man -- sucks for you. What's going on." Now that the smell was better he was actually finding the situation kind of hot. Patrick was, after all, a hot kid. Also 20 he was dark haired irish, also thin but a bit more muscular than wiry -- more muscular a very little body fat.

"Man, I have been sitting here for like 10 minutes trying to figure out what to do. I think I can make myself stand up but... but there's no way I can wipe myself or get dressed or anything.

"Dude, you have got to be kidding me." Chris said. He had got to be kidding him. Really super crazy. But then again, what the fuck. He needed help. "OK man — let's do this and get this over with."

Chris bent down a bit and brought his hands on either side of Patrick's rib cage. "OK man, ready? Up." He guided Patrick up off the toilet seat to the standing position. Patrick stood in front of him, naked, one arm in a cast, the other with a sling loose across his shoulder. Chris carefully helped Patrick resecure his left arm into the sling. He could not help but notice how fit and hot Patrick was, hairy legs and a smoothish chest, a good amount of pleasure trail black hair rising up from his pubes to his belly button. And a nice dick, probably 7 or 8 inches when it was hard. He noticed it was semi erect. "Nice chubbed out dick bro."

"Fuck man, c'mon, its not like this isn't humiliating enough as it is," pleaded Patrick.

"Ha, just joking. Tough situation man." He stood back slightly. "Ok, man, turn around and let me clean this up."

"Fuck man," Patrick said as he turned around so that he was leaning against the vanity in the bathroom with his back, and ass, to Chris. "Sorry about this dude, this is way above and beyond the call."

Chris didn't say anything. Current situation aside, he was struck with how hot Patrick was. He was around 6 foot tall (Patrick was 6'1" himself) lean and muscular through his whole body. His legs and ass were very hairy, his ass especially, but from his waist he was smooth — it just made him look that much more in shape and toned, and yeah, hot. It would be a lot hotter if he did not have to clean his ass after taking a shit, but what could he do. Chris reached over and grabbed a bunch of toilet paper and, without looking, reached down and wiped it between Patrick's ass, wiping his ass crack and ass hole as rigorously as he could, including pushing the toilet paper wad into Patrick's asshole as he wiped it. He kept his eyes on the back of Patrick's head and occasionally in Patrick's eyes looking back at him in the mirror. When he caught his eyes, he gave him a grin but he could see Patrick was embarrassed as hell by the whole thing.

As he Chris wiped his ass, Patrick spread his legs a little more and bent forward a bit. Chris wiped a bit deeper, through the wad of toilet paper in the toilet, grabbed another wad and did the same thing. He did it a third time. After that he grabbed more toilet paper, reached around Patrick and turned on the faucet and wet down the last wad and rigorously cleaned Patrick's asshole further with the wet wad. Only after that, after seeing there was nothing on the final wad of toilet paper, did he look down at Patrick ass crack. It looked clean to his eyes. He spread Patrick's ass cheek out a bit to get a better look and saw nothing but clean hairy ass crack and asshole. His ass was really hot and Chris was surprised at how turned on he was. During the whole activity he had felt his dick harden, but now he knew it was rock hard. I was going to be hard to hide it from Patrick when he turned around.

"Thanks man," said Patrick, as Chris flushed the toilet. "I owe you big time man. Seriously."

"It's ok man," said Chris. "I think I cleaned you up good." His hand was still by Patricks crack and He ran two of his fingers over Patrick's asshole. He did it a couple times. Damn, Patrick's ass was fucking hot as shit. He did it a couple times. His own cock was a hard as a steel 

"Yeah man I think it's good now." Patrick said and he started standing up straighter and closing his legs a bit

"I don't know man. Let's make sure it's really clean." Chris spit on a couple fingers from his other hand and rub them across Patrick's asshole letting his fingers slip a little bit into Patrick's crack. 

Patrick reacted by jolting and standing up a little taller. "Hey man what are you doing?"

"I don't know man. Just want to make sure that you're clean. Like you said though, you kind a owe me big time." He put his other hand on Patrick's back and applied just in a pressure so that Patrick had to lean forward again. Chris also opened up Patrick's legs a little bit with his own right knee. He kept rubbing his spit covered fingers across and into Patrick's asshole. Patrick leaned little more power on his own and didn't say anything. He opened his legs a little bit more. Chris continue to run his fingers around it into his asshole. 

"I don't know man. Seriously..." said Patrick. Chris looked at Patrick in the mirror and did not say a word. He just raised his finger to his lips indicating he wanted Patrick to keep quiet. He ran his hand from Patrick's ass up and down his taught back. Patrick lowered his head and did not say anything more. He just breathed more deeply.

Patrick's own cock was fully hard at this point. It was resting on the vanity as he leaned forward and pushed his ass a bit more into Chris' hand. 

Patrick lifted his hand from Chris' asshole and spit into it again. This time a big gob of spit. At the same time, he smelled his fingers. All he could smell on them was musk from Patrick's asshole. No shitty smell at all. He had done aa good job cleaning him up. He continued to rub his fingers cross Patrick's ass crack and into his hole of a more aggressive way. Patrick moaned and moved even further forward. He didn't say a word. 

Chris was getting so aroused he could hardly contain himself he got down on his knees in front of Patrick's ass, spread Patrick's ass cheeks apart and started eating out his asshole. He couldn't believe he was doing it. He had eaten out girls before, sure, but never a guys ass. He couldn't get enough of it. He spread Patrick's hole as wide open as he could to get his tongue as deep in his hole as he could as Patrick pushed his ass into Chris's face. He ate like he was feasting — licking, mouthing, getting his tongue as deep and Patrick's asshole is he possibly could. 

"Fuck man," said Patrick breathlessly. "What the fuck dude, that feels so fucking good." He pushed his ass into Chris' face as Chris ate him out.

At the same time Chris was jerking his own cock which was so hard it was like a steel rod, lubricated and covered with his own spit. Patrick moan more deeply and loudly. Chris knew Patrick had never done anything like this before, but he was sure that he was enjoying it. Chris stood up and placed his hands on both sides Patrick's ass, stroking Patrick's waist up to his rib cage. He pushed Patrick forward even a little more so his ass was pushed out further. He guided his rock-hard 8 inch uncut cock to Patrick's hole. 

Patrick gasped loudly. "Fuck dude."

Chris pushed the head slowly — it was so fucking tight. He got his dick in about an inch and he heard Patrick yelp softly and moan in pleasure and pain Chris reached forward just to the back of Patrick's neck, being very careful about the shoulder strap that was securing his other arm. He kissed his neck down to his armpit over the arm that was in a cast. His pit was so fucking musky — even muskier than his asshole. Fuck — he lifted Patrick's arm that was in a cast just a little bit so he could get his tongue into Patrick's armpit. It was so musky it was driving him fucking crazy. At the same time, he pushed his dick even further into Patrick's asshole. He waited for Patrick to tell him to stop but he didn't. He could tell it hurt him but he could also sense that he wanted more. 

Patrick was breathing heavily and moaning and whimpering. At the same time he was pushing his ass to meet Chris' dick. Chris could see Patrick's face was tightened into a grimace and he was biting his lip as Patrick went further it his ass. His reaction was just making it hotter for Chris. 

Chris reached his hands up from behind around Patrick's chest and ran his hands from Patrick's abdomen up to his chest, feeling how toned and muscular he was, kissing his armpit, kissing his neck. He turned Patrick's head slightly and try to tongue kiss him. Patrick hungrily open his mouth pushed his own tongue into Chris's mouth as he moaned hungrily. Chris pushed his dick a little bit further little bit harder in Patrick's tight hole. 

Finally Chris could feel his dick push through some sort of barrier and it went all the way into Patrick's ass. He looked down and come believe all 8 inches of his cock was in Patrick's ass. Patrick let out a moan and groan a of pain but at the same time he pushed his ass into Chris's cock. Chris slowly pumped his cock in and out of Patrick's ass -- in and out through his tight hole feeling Patrick clamping down on his cock. Chris had never fucked anything so tight before it's not so good of you wanted to do was keep fucking him.

"You like me fucking You?"

"Yeah man" said Patrick. "I can't believe it but I like it. I want it so bad." He moaned and push into Chris's cock. Chris kept fucking him harder and harder holding his sides as he did. Feeling like he was coming so close it was fucking him he could feel Patrick tremble and he groaned and moaned. Suddenly Patrick exclaimed "oh my God I'm gonna fucking cum. Holy shit! Fuck!" 

Chris saw a rope of Patrick's cum shoot onto the vanity mirror and across the sink. He can feel his own cock reaching climax. 

"Fuck man I'm gonna cum too. You are so fucking hot dude." He leaned his body into Chris' and could feel his own dick swell inside Patrick's ass. "Fuck," he said and shot his load deep in Patrick's asshole as he kept fucking him. He came so hard his legs almost went out from under him but he just wanted to keep fucking him. He could feel his load seeping out of Patrick's asshole around his own cock as he continued to pound his ass. 

As he continued to fuck him he again turned Patrick's head towards his from behind and made out with him deeply. Even though Patrick had just cum Chris reached around and stroked his cum cock, lubricating his hand with Patrick's cum. Both of their tongues were deep in each other's mouths as they moaned and breathlessly made out.

Patrick still kept leaning into his cock and almost whispering said "please keep fucking me man." 

Finally Chris pulled his cock out of Patrick ass. As he did. He leaned forward and reached around Patrick with his arm across his chest holding him as they both regained their breath. 

Chris released Patrick and the both straightened up. Chris reached out to the toilet paper roll and grab some more sheets. Once again he cleaned up Patrick's hole. This time he also wiped the cum that had dripped down his legs and wiped the counter. 

Patrick turned around and they looked each other in the face, both with their dicks still hard. Chris ran his hand across Patrick's chest down to his cock. 

"That was fucking hot man. I'll help you anytime you want."