 I woke up on the soft rug under the couch where Gary had roughly taken my anal virginity. I was sandwiched between Gary and my girlfriend Michelle. I had a raging hard cock and began caressing Gary's ass. As Gary woke up I turned him around so he was laying on his side with his ass pushed out towards me. I put a little coconut oil on Gary's asshole and rubbed it around. I shoved one finger in for a second to see if Gary was good and tight. I was intent on fucking Gary as hard and rough as he had fucked me and I wanted him really tight so he could feel my cock stretching him out. 

I then went down and began licking and sucking Gary's asshole. 

Garry responded to this by groaning in a soft almost feminine tone and said, "Oh my god sweetie that feels so beautiful." 

As I sucked on Gary's sweet little asshole, I was bent over so my ass was in air. Michelle began alternating between sucking my cock and tongue fucking my still very loose hole. It felt great having her lovingly sooth my well fucked buthole and get my cock ready to fuck Gary. 

After a several minutes of oral pleasure. I sat up and lined my cock up with Gary's sweet little hole. Gary was lying on his side with his ass pushed out. I put more lube on Gary's ass and my dick, then massaged my member around the entrance to Garry's tight hole. 

Gary looked up over his shoulder at me and said in a soft way, "I want to get fucked by your beautiful cock so bad Paul." 

I responded with a firm tone, "I'm gonna fuck the fucking shit out of you baby."

Then with one hard stroke I pushed my cock all the way into the hilt. Gary groaned with pleasure and pain. He pushed his hand against my hip to try to slow the assault on his asshole that was beginning to happen. 

I grabbed his wrist tightly and pulled it away from my hip. I wasn't going to let him prevent me from fucking the shit out of him. 

I felt possessed and Michelle must have noticed because I could feel her grab my ass and say, "Fuck this stud even rougher than he fucked you." 

With that encouragement I began pounding Gary's asshole for all I was worth. He hadn't been loosened up at all and his sphincter was grabbing my cock. So as I pulled out, his asshole, wrapped around my cock was getting pulled out too. This looked really fucking hot. Gary gritted his teeth and took it like a man. It was obvious from the horny look on his face that he liked it but it was also obvious from the way he was gritting his teeth that my assault was hurting his tight little asshole. 

I asked, "You like how rough I'm being Gary?" 

Gary looked back and responded submissively, "It hurts so much but I love it. Make me a real man baby." 

I said, "You are taking it so good. I shouldn't have even used lube." 

Gary then said "Oh fuck, I would have loved that, I really love rough assfucking." 

Michelle put her head near the dick/ ass connection, was watching intently and occasionally spitting on it. She began encouraging me to fuck Gary hard and rough. 

She said, "You are stretching out his asshole so good, I can see him getting loosened up. I didn't think it was possible but you are fucking him harder than he fucked you. Teach him how to be a real man Paul." 

I told her, "I want you to go make Gary lick your asshole while you choke him out." 

She got a really dirty look on her face and positioned herself so her asshole was straddling Gary's face and her hands were grabbing his neck. He tried his best to keep his mouth on Michelle's sexy asshole but occasionally had to come up gasping for air. For my part I kept pounding Gary for all I was worth. I had a tight grip on his hip and would occasionally slap his ass and spit on our dick-asshole connection. 

We continued in this position for a few minutes then Michelle suggested, "Why don't you pound Gary's sweet, pink hole doggy style so you can go even deeper!" 

With that she dismounted from his face, and I roughly pulled my dick out of his now loose asshole. His asshole gaped for a minute and I took the opportunity to tongue fuck him. Gary looked back at me in a loving and lustful way. I then grabbed his hips, put him on all fours so he was bent over with his ass in the air. I then shoved my 6.5 inch cock back in his shithole. I began pounding furiously. For the next 10 minutes, I literally fucked the shit out of him. 

He kept looking back submissively and encouraged me, saying, "You are such a stud Paul. I love your dick in my ass. It feels so beautiful baby. You can jack my asshole anytime you want. Please cum in my bowels Paul. Please!"

By this point we were all ready and Michelle did her part to help, she began fucking in and out of my ass with three fingers. This put me over the edge. I growled like an animal, fucked even harder then pushed all the way in and pumped spurt after spurt of my baby juice into Gary's hot bowels. 

He screamed, "Thank you baby! Thank you! I love it!" 

I remembered how much I loved it when he was rough with me while cuming so I thought I'd return the favor. I grabbed his neck and choked him as hard as I could. 

When I was finally done cumming I let go of Gary's neck, we collapsed and tenderly kissed. Michelle moved her mouth to his tender little asshole and sucked all my cum out. She made sure to save some and dribbled this into Gary's mouth. Some of it missed and got on his handsome face. As we continued to make out, the cum got mixed with our saliva and we both swallowed what we could. Once again we all drifted into sleep. 

To be Continued...