 His name was Aaron, well at least that is what he told me to call him as he was making sure my hands were firmly handcuffed to the bedstead above my head.

I swore at him and he laughed, a gentle laugh, his vivid blue eyes taking in my discomfort and anger.

"I'm sorry about this," he said in what I can only describe as an easy going voice, "But you were in the wrong place at the wrong time."

"I'm a police officer," I spat out at him, "We can be were we want to!"

"True," he said nodding his head, "But you got in the way, you're lucky you didn't get killed."

I yanked on the handcuffs, feeling the biting cold metal bite against my flesh, his eyes flashed, was it anger or concern, I wasn't sure but I didn't care at that moment, I was frustrated, angry and humiliated. I yanked on the cuffs again, and he suddenly grabbed hold of my chin and held it tightly in his strong slender fingers.

"Stop that," he said sharply with surprising concern in his voice, "You'll hurt yourself."

"Fuck you!" my teeth were clenched as I spoke.

He slapped my face, a hard slap that took me by surprise.

Tears welled up in my eyes, and then I was even more angry for showing weakness and I tried to knee him in the groin, he was too fast though, he grabbed suddenly pinned me on the bed, using his knee in my chest, winding me and he pressed his face so close to mine I could smell the mint on his breath, feel the smoothness of his face next to mine.

"Behave yourself," he said calmly, "Or I will have to hurt you more than I want too."

"You are hurting me!" I snarled at him and more tears blurred my eyes.

His question took me by surprise, it was so sudden and unexpected I answered him.

He sighed deeply, "I'm sorry about that, what's your name?"

"Paul," I said and he nodded his head.

"Okay Paul, here's the deal, you will only be here for 48 hours, I have a little more work to do before I move on, I will let you go when I am finished."

"Yeah, right," I said and I felt him increase his grip on my chin, his knee press harder into my chest, making me gasp.

"You won't be hurt, not by me."

"I've seen your face!" I spat out.

"So?" he said and he looked amused, he shifted his weight from my chest and sat on the bed, he let go of my chin and I contemplated trying to kick him again but he said in an even voice.

"Don't do anything silly Paul."

I was stupid enough to ignore his gentle warning, my own fault really, I was in no position to take him on, my hands were well and truly tied, I had no idea where we were, I had been blind folded from the moment he had knocked me senseless, and I certainly couldn't remember the journey because he had trussed me up like a chicken and laid me on the floor of the car and then covered me up with several blankets.

When I tried to kick him again, he jerked me onto my side, making me cry out in pain as the metal cuffs bit into my wrists and he said.

"Okay, behave like a child, get treated like one."

I didn't know what he meant until I felt his hands on my trousers belt and with one flick it was open.

I screamed out a protest but to no avail, down went my trousers and my boxer shorts to my knees, and I was shrieking in pain as his hand landed on my exposed bare butt, not once but several times.

God, it hurt, he really slapped me hard and he was strong and he put a lot of power into each slap on my behind, I tried to jerk away from him but I only had the wall next to me and there was nowhere to go.

After the sixth slap he stopped, and said.

"Want to misbehave some more?"

He was giving me a chance to pull my horns in but I didn't, not right then, I called him every name I could think of whilst trying to climb up the wall to get away from him.

I couldn't see him as I was now facing the wall but I could feel him as he was holding me down on the bed.

"Okay," he said pleasantly, and he resumed putting his hand to my butt, harder than before I might add if that was possible.

I lost count of the blows to my behind but eventually I wasn't screaming out my fury any more, I was crying, tears and snot running down my face and I had to beg him to stop slapping me.

So much for being a brave and stoic cop, I was blubbing like an eight year old.

He did stop and he said to my back.

"Will you behave now?"

"Yes" I gasped out, "Yes!" I felt sick, and my behind hurt so much I didn't know what to do with myself.

He let go of me and seconds later I realized he had left the room.

My bare butt was exposed to the world but I couldn't' pull up my pants and even if I could have I wouldn't have because it hurt to much.

I sobbed and sobbed for what seemed an age. My tears were tears of pain, humiliation, anger and total helplessness.

Right then I could only wish I hadn't stopped Aaron for his faulty brake light, hadn't asked to see in the trunk of his car, because it had sealed my fate, when I saw the boxes with the gold ingots in them I knew I was onto something big but I made a mistake, I took my eyes off Aaron and he disarmed me, just like that, got my gun off me and used my own handcuffs on me.

He did it all with the air of a professional, he was a professional actually, an ex-solider with skills I could only dream about.

Now I was his prisoner and I was frightened. All my bravado was for show, I had no idea what he was going to do with me, his promises meant nothing, he could say what he wanted and do what he wanted.

He came back into the room an hour or so later.

"I've got you some supper," he said. My head was buried in the pillow of the bed.

I didn't answer and he sighed.

"Are you going to be silly again Paul?" he said, "Just say so but remember your butt won't like it."

"I'm not hungry," my words were stiff and muffled.

"You might not be, but you are going to eat."

He reached to roll me onto my back and I let out a wail of pain.

He went still and then his hand was on my head and he rubbed it gently and he said softly.

"Oh my I really hurt you didn't I?"

"No shit Sherlock!" I heard myself gasp out and I closed my eyes tightly because I didn't want to look at him and also because I was embarrassed because my pants were still around my knees.

"You bought it on yourself," he said and he left me alone, I hoped he'd not come back so soon but he returned after about ten minutes and sat on the bed and leaned over me.

"Open your eyes Paul, I need you to drink this."

He spoke firmly and gripped my chin, I refused to open my eyes but I felt some cold and hard press against my mouth.

"It's a painkiller," he said, "In liquid form, come on drink it, it's either that or you suffer."

I wasn't brave enough to suffer so I drank, the cold sour tasting liquid.

He ruffled my hair when I finished the drink and said.

"Good boy!"

"I'm not a kid!"

He laughed, "You are to me, how old are you, 20, 21? I'm 42, I was in army fatigues when you were still in diapers!"

"Leave me alone," I said churlishly and I rolled my head back into the pillow, my arms hurt, I hurt and I was helpless.

"Can't do that," his voice was soft, "But I'm willing to compromise, I will uncuff one of your hands so you can lie on the bed more comfortably, however if you try and do anything silly, I won't use my hand on your behind, I'll use a belt this, understand?"

I understood all right, and I knew he meant it.

I nodded my head.

"Good," he said and he did as he said he would.

I wanted to punch him in the face but he had me at a total disadvantage and he knew it.

I glowered at him through my bright red face. He ignored me.

He gave me some more pillows to put under my butt, he even helped me pull up my boxers and pants and fasten them up.

He had bought in some soup and bread and I scowled.

"I'm not hungry." I was actually but I wasn't going to accept any food from him.

"You will eat this," he said in a mild voice, "Or your britches get another airing, its up to you."

I had no choice, what was worse he had to feed me for even with one hand free I couldn't manage without making a mess.

As I ate I studied him without seeming to be too obvious.

He was tall, I'm tall, I'm 6 foot but he was at least six foot four, he wasn't like a bean pole, he was in proportion to his height, he had a shock of corn colored hair that was cropped into a neat military like style, his skin was honey tinted, his eyes azure blue and he looked a lot younger than a man in his forties that was for sure.

He was wearing loose fitting army fatigues, and steel capped military boots on his feet, he was a good looking man, I consider myself quite good looking and I can only hope I will look as good as him when I am his age.

I have reddish hair to his corn colored thatch, and my eyes are speckled green, I don't tan, I burn, milky white skin that is lightly freckled all over, I was fit but not as fit as him, I'm lazy, don't like to exercise, until now I thought being a cop was good enough exercise, now I know differently.

He gave me a plastic urinal bottle with a cap on it after he had wiped my mouth clean and taken away the tray with the empty dishes on it, he put it under the bed, said nothing but I knew what it was for.

I refused to feel grateful to him, but I was glad off it it later.

He left me then, on my own, telling me to get some sleep.

As darkness fell I found I was afraid, the room dipped into night and there was no light, not even from the closed door Aaron had vacated.

The room I was in was small and square, the bed I was lying in was a three quarter one, set against a solid wooden wall, there was no other furniture in the room other than a sink near the door and that wasn't so much furniture as a fitting.

I pulled the comforter that was on the bed over my limbs as it was getting chilly. I shivered.

I rattled my trapped arm but the bed stead was solid iron and my own handcuffs were regulation issue, I was stuck in them.

It started to rain, I don't mind rain, its a comforting sound when there is no other sound around you, but I hate thunder storms, especially lightening, I don't let anyone know this, for God's sake I cop, can you imagine the ribbing I would get back at the prinsinct if my colleagues knew I was wimp when it came to thunder and lightening?

I hide it pretty well but being in an environment in which I was trapped, no bathroom in which I could sleep in for the night, when the thunder and lightening started I grabbed my pillow and hugged it desperately.

It was a really bad storm, the rain came down in bucket loads and the the thunder, the lightening and I managed to almost see it through but one loud clap of thunder ratted the house and I couldn't help myself I let out a scream of fear and almost wrenched my arm out of its socket.

The fact that Aaron heard me showed how loud my yell was, but I only realized that afterwards, by the time he entered the room I was screaming hysterically, and he couldn't calm me down, he could have slapped me silly and I wouldn't have cared, I was that damn frightened of the storm.

I was lucky he realized this, maybe from the sense he made from my hysteria because he didn't beat the shit out of me, instead got hold of me and held me, tightly, at that moment I didn't care he was my captor, just to have someone with me was a relief and I grabbed hold of him and buried my head in his chest.

He drew the comforter around us both and let me cling to him like a frightened child, embarrassing huh?

Well it was but right then I didn't give a shit. He patted my shoulder and rubbed my head and told me to try and sleep.

The storm raged on, my fear though did not increase, Aaron gently pressed his fingers into my ears and cuddled me to him, saying nothing until eventually I did fall asleep from a combination of exhaustion, fear and need.

When I woke up I was curled against Aaron, both my hands were now free but he was holding one of my wrists so when I moved as I started to wake up, he woke up also and he increased his grip on my wrist and said softly.

"Okay Paul, no silly stuff okay? Relax, I'm going to put your hand back into the cuff now."

He was stronger than me, I was still half asleep but I resisted. "Don't"I heard myself say.

He sighed, "Relax your arm Paul, I will hurt you if you don't."

"I won't try anything on," I said desperately try to stop him forcing my arm over my head and back into the cuff, "It really hurts, please don't"

He was motionless for a moment as if he was thinking something over.

"Roll onto your side," he ordered me suddenly and he pushed me so I was facing the wall, he curled into my back and gripped my arms tightly.

"Go back to sleep," he said resting his head against my neck, I felt his breath on my neck and it was an odd sensation.

He smelt nice, and I felt a strange stirring inside of me which made me stiffen.

Now understand this, I am as straight as a die, I've had girlfriends and one night stands with girls, I've never been with a guy, in fact the only reason I know about Gay people is because my neighbor is what I have learnt is screaming queen and all that I know about Gays comes from him which isn't saying much because he is nothing like Aaron, but then Aaron would later tell me that though he prefers men to women in bed he does sleep with women then the inkling takes him.

I tried not think about Aaron lying behind me but I was conscious of him pressed into me and it was unpleasant, he didn't seem bothered by it, and I tried to ignore the odd sensations prickling through my groin.

I fell asleep eventually and when I woke up again it was almost dawn but I woke because I was feeling an odd but not unpleasant sensation on my chest.

It took me a while to realize that Aaron had undone my shirt whilst I was asleep and his hand was moving slowly over my muscular breast, his fingers probing and rubbing my pap, and instead of screaming blue murder that he was molesting me I found myself holding my breath and letting him continue.

You see I liked it, it was really pleasant, I felt his lips brush against the back of my neck and I knew that he knew I was awake but I said nothing, did not stop him, in fact when he moved me slightly so he could lower his head to my rising and falling breast muscle I let him, and the sensation that ran through me was electrifying when his hot mouth moved over the sensitive pink flesh, his tongue rolling over and over it until it was mottled and hard to the touch and was throbbing in conjunction with my crotch.

He touched my face, his fingers were smooth and warm.

"I'll stop now," he said softly and I lay still, to be honest I didn't want him to stop, in fact I wasn't really sure if I knew what I wanted him to do right at that moment, but stopping, no I didn't want him to stop.

"Don't stop," I heard myself say, just as softly but he heard me.

His hand moved to my neck, and he rubbed it, slowly, gently, it was a wonderful sensation, I turned my head and he kissed my neck, soft kisses that made my head spin, I was shocked with myself, this was a man who was kissing me,I was a man too but I liked it, it was really nice.

"I've not done this before," I mumbled and I heard him chuckle softly.

"I didn't think you had," he said and then one of his hands was sliding down my body and to my crotch, I stiffened only momentarily, felt his fingers unfasten my belt and then slide into my boxer shorts, he pinched, pulled and rubbed me between my legs, I was rigid for a few minutes, but my body began to respond to his ministrations, and when he cupped my balls in his hand I felt myself lifting myself up slightly so he could fondle me more.

"I really should stop," he said suddenly his hand moving from inside my shorts, "I'm taking advantage of you, I've done a lot of shit in my life but this isn't a road I am going to go down!"

He sounded grim and he started to move away when I grabbed his arm and held onto it.

"Don't leave me."

"Paul, you don't know what..." he began to say his voice slightly strained and then I shocked myself by kissing him, can you imagine that I kissed him, on the mouth and he was I think as shocked as I was, because he kissed me back, his mouth was like velvet and it tasted so good, of mint and honey, he cupped him face and gave me back the hottest, dirtiest but most wonderful kiss I have ever had in my whole life.

"Christ!" he said when he pulled away, "I need to go for a cold shower."

But he didn't because I had rolled toward him and pressed against him, he was hard, as hard as I would be soon enough I suspected and he took a deep long and almost ragged breath.

"I'll stop when you want me to me to stop," he said softly and I smiled and nodded my head and he pushed his hands through my hair and gently moved my head back so he could kiss my throat.

My God it was like velvet on my skin, I found myself rubbing up against him, wanting to feel him all over me, he used the weight of his body to hold me in place, and very soon I had no clothes on, he removed them skilfully and with ease as he touched and aroused me in ways I didn't think were possible; he let me undo his shirt and touch him, he had an incredible body, it was lean and well muscled, not an ounce of fat and he was hairless, he was smooth to the touch which fascinated me.

I found myself kissing his paps, running my tongue over them like he had done for me, I heard him suck in his breath, and I knew he liked it, this stirred something inside of me that made me run my hand down his thigh.

I was hesitant about touching him between his legs, if truth be known and it is ironical, I was a bit shy and he sensed this because he took hold of my hand, gently but firmly and guided it to between his legs.

He was was hard, and big, I sucked in my breath, and oh my God he was hot, even through his trousers I could feel the heat.

He had more control than me, I was already leaking cum from my cock, I was struggling not to explode, and I groaned as his hand found my cock and balls again.

"I'll cum if you keep doing that!" I heard myself say and he laughed.

"That's fine by me."

I laughed too and then gasped as he rolled his fingers around my shaft and stroked it with heavy but strong strokes that made me gasp in pleasure and arch my back and push toward him.

He kissed my mouth as his hand moved faster and faster up and down my cock and I knew I couldn't hold on for much longer, and when I came it was like I was inside my own personal storm but one in which I was no longer afraid, I rode on the waves, and they carried me forward in a way I have never been carried before.

My whole body went into spasm, it was like nothing I had ever experienced before, I let out a cry that came from deep with in me, I felt my cock pump out cum as my balls contracted in delicious undulations that didn't seem to want to stop.

"HOOOOLLLLY SHITTTTTTTTT!" I wailed as I came, my body bucking back and forth so hard I thought I would pass out "HOLY FUCKING SHITTTTTTTTT!"

I must have soaked Aaron's hand and leg with my spunk, I really shot out a load and half and I was really embarrassed but all he did was draw me into his arms and cuddle me, kiss me on the forehead, something that was as nice as cumming the way I had done.

I was sweating like I'd just done a workout at the gym, my skin was clammy and salty but I felt elated and sated in the same breath.

I fell asleep like that and when I woke a couple of hours later, it was light outside and I was sticky and very embarrassed as you can imagine.

Aaron was asleep, and I was curled up against his back, he was no longer holding my arms but I knew he would wake if I moved suddenly so I lay silently where I was, naked but warm, aware that what I had done was so very wrong, but dear God it felt so very right.
