 Here’s my story, though I’m a bit concerned that some people will think differently of me for sharing it. Thankfully, there are forums like this where these kinds of adventures are shared and accepted more readily than they would be in polite society. But still, this is not something that you go out and share with just anyone. 

I’ve known Paul for a long time. We work together in the same office. Our spouses also work together, though in a different organization. Our kids all go to the same school. We’re all roughly the same ages and from similar backgrounds. As you can see, the opportunity for friendships to grow in many different directions is ever present. 

Never in our wildest, freest, most comfortable moments together, though, did we imagine our relationship leading to the events of this past Tuesday. Paul and I sat on the couch together, facing each other, knowing what could, or more likely would happen that night. It’s hard now to recall what twists and turns of our conversation that evening took us down a road we’d never intended to travel. But there we were. It was unmistakable and undeniable. 

And against all that I knew, or thought I knew to be right and wrong, I was the one that made the first move. At the appropriately critical and energized moment of our conversation, I stood up and started to undress for him. First came my favorite loose-fitting T-shirt. Paul watched intently as the shirt slipped over my shoulders, exposing first my belly, then my chest. He watched, not talking or even showing much obvious reaction at first. He just watched, his eyes scanning from my face down across my chest and over my hips. 

I took a step closer, unbuttoning the top button on my Levis, then the second button, then a third. As I slid the jeans over my hips, he reached out and helped push them down. His movements were quick and strong, forcing down my jeans and my underwear simultaneously. He stood, sliding his long fingers and soft palm between my thighs. He explored me, probing, caressing, fondling. The touch of someone new is always exciting, but the awkward mystery of an intimate touch from a close friend, someone who knows you too well to be doing something like this, makes the moment even more thrilling.

I pushed him back. Not far enough to let him release his touch. Just far enough to tug at his belt buckle. I was naked now and I wanted to him to join me. I slipped the belt out of the loops and unfastened the top button of his khakis. His arousal, like mine, was obvious. Pulling the waistband of his boxers up, out and down, I freed an enormously thick and massive cock. He was not unusually long, but the sheer girth and the muscled tension underneath the thin foreskin surprised me. I pulled on his cock, sliding the looser foreskin over the top of his shaft. Releasing my grip with one hand, I squeezed the soft pink head of his cock with my other hand. 

He was hot to the touch. Hot, soft and fleshy at the tip. Warm, hard, immense along the length. I reached between his legs and cradled his balls. They were large and heavy. The sack sagged loosely, then tightened as my fingers tickled the course hairs underneath. With his balls resting in my palm, my middle finger silently slipped further back, sliding through the sweat into the warm crease of his ass. Paul moaned, long and low. 

I pushed him back on to the couch and knelt down by his knees. “You don’t have to do this”, he said. “Don’t stop me now,” I replied. He leaned back. His legs parted and I moved between them. His thick penis lay across his stomach, the dark pink flesh emerging from a thick tangle of dark hair. His cock pointed upward along the dark line of stomach hair to his perfectly smooth chest. I wrapped my hand once again around his shaft. My thumb and index finger were barely able to fit all the way around his thick member.  I stroked my friend. Long and slow strokes at first, intermittently tossing in a few quicker strokes to vary the routine.  

Paul’s eyes were closed now. His head rested comfortably on the back of the couch, but his body was taut and tense. His energy focussed entirely on his body’s core, concentrating on the small area between his stomach and his thighs. Likewise, my world narrowed down to the few inches surrounding his cock. I lifted myself higher on my knees and pointed his cock at my face. Pulling the delicate foreskin down to the base of his cock, I hovered above the single hole atop his pink cock head. 

“Don’t”, I heard him whisper reluctantly, but we were too far along to stop now. My lips slid easily over the tip of his cock, slowly enveloping the steaming head and the first few inches of his wide shaft. Paul’s cock felt even thicker inside my mouth. Sweaty, steamy, salty. Many flavors mixed as one. He groaned and lay back, raising his hips to meet my lips, his cock pushing further back into my mouth. I released my grip at the base of the shaft and felt the foreskin slide upward, crinkling up under my bottom lip. 

With my hands on his thighs, I started to move my head and shoulders. Perfectly positioned to slide my lips up and down Paul’s amazing penis, my hands pushed his legs farther apart. I remember the feeling of my tongue curling around the underside of his penis and trying to stick my tongue farther down the shaft with each downward stroke. The softer cock head pushed at the back of my throat before I pulled back up the shaft, each time leaving only the tiny exit hole encircled between the thin curls of my lips. 

In this way, I sucked my good friend, moving, bobbing, sliding my lips, tongue and mouth around his hardened penis. Fingers on one hand found folds, creases and holes to explore underneath, while the other hand rolled through the full mound of pubic hair and across his legs and stomach. With each downward stroke of my mouth or each new reach of my fingers, Paul moaned. 

We forgot time. I don’t know how long I was down there, whether it was but a few moments or an hour. I only remember the taste, the sensation of flesh and sweat and heat shared between friends, and the long, slow, erotic climb to his ultimate release.  

I knew when he was close. There was no question now as to how this scene would play itself out. His cock was hot, the heat gradually intensifying until I knew it couldn’t get any hotter. My mouth eagerly released its hungry saliva and slathered it over the entirety of his penis, nearly replicating the feel of a young, wet and tight virgin. A new flavor emanated from his cock, slowly permeating my taste buds. Salty, oily and smooth, Paul’s own body added the gentle ooze of pre-come to our moment. Through my very full mouth, I moaned when this new sensation emerged. And that deep, low, guttural moan was, apparently, all that Paul needed.

He pulled back suddenly, pressing his hips down into the cushions of the couch. I followed, my lips never losing contact with the head of his cock. Then he pushed up just as suddenly, forcing his cock deep into my mouth. He grabbed the back of my head, holding me in place. I completed the eager lockdown, reaching behind him and grabbing the cheeks of his ass, pulling him into me, my lips brushing the course hairs at his base. 

His first shot struck deep in my throat. I remember the soft, wet, almost audible thud at the back of my mouth, right where it takes its downward turn to the throat. The shot was full, heavy, and strong. Paul jerked backwards again, leaving only the fleshy head of his dick between my lips. I took his next two loads from this position, come spraying hard and fast and hot inside my cheeks. I felt the frenzied pulses of semen surging through its canal across my bottom lip as it rushed up the length of his shaft. I pushed down on his cock, sucking now, swallowing what I could, wanting and trying to draw all of his juices from inside him. I wanted him to completely empty himself inside me. 

I don’t recall how many shots my friend Paul fired that night. He told me later that he couldn’t remember ever coming that hard, that long and that much. I took that as a compliment. When his spent cock finally ceased pumping and was too sensitive to withstand the attentions of my mouth and tongue any further, Paul gently pushed me away. Still on my knees, I teased him a little by squeezing his softening sensitive pole, caressing the sticky tip, and watching the last little drops of come dribble out the top of his cock and on to his thigh. 

“Amazing,” he whispered, catching his breath. “That was the most incredible blow job I’ve ever had. No one has never done me like that.” All I could do was smile and mutter a humble “You’re welcome.” 

“And now, let me try to return the favor.”

I was only too eager now to accommodate my good friend’s wishes. I moved from between his legs and lay down on the floor exposing myself completely to him. Paul moved over the top of me, dangling his now soft cock briefly over my face. I reached up giving his empty balls a quick squeeze as he found his place next to me. Kneeling down, his hands ran over my chest, across both nipples and down my belly. I closed my eyes. I moaned softly when he finally wrapped his long, strong fingers around my own stiff cock, which had been waiting anxiously for its own release.