 Even when he was in his early teens, a display of fireworks, such as the one on Independence Day in his home town, had an erotic effect on Paul Porter. The first time he saw such a display, he became sexually aroused and had to go home and masturbate in the bathroom. This was long before he became a drag queen or was even aware of his true sexual nature. The result was the same every year on Independence Day. Of course, while he lived in his home town in America's Bible Belt, his true sexual orientation had to be kept secret from everybody, especially his parents, who would not have tolerated such blatant sinfulness from their own flesh and blood. 

Following his escape from there to San Francisco's Castro District when he was 19 years old, the pyrotechnic displays had a similar effect. Pauletta, which is the name he started using, was able to be open about his gayness and, except for his first summer in San Francisco, has always attended the annual event with a boy friend or friends. The first time, he hadn't become the beautiful drag queen he is now, but was lucky enough to be able to find a man in The Castro who was willing and able to assuage his horniness resulting from watching and hearing the spectacular explosions in the sky. 

In subsequent years, he attended with some of his favorite sex partners and, by that time, had started reveling in wearing highly erotic, provocative women's clothing. For reasons of safety, the celebration of Independence Day was held every year on an open space right next to the water and, when the last of the skyrockets had exploded and rained colorful sparks onto the bay or ocean, he and his friends could go to somebody's home and fuck and suck to everybody's hearts' content. 

This year, things were expected to be different. He has a permanent boyfriend sharing his bed in the apartment he rents in the converted Victorian and, since the skyrockets and shooting stars and all the rest have become such a major part of Pauletta's sex life, he wanted that boyfriend, Cliff, to take him down to Fisherman's Wharf so they could watch it together. The promise of the fabulous sexual pleasures they would share when they returned home, even hotter and better than their usual frolicking, made Cliff a more than willing companion. 

Whatever its charms might otherwise be, the City and County of San Francisco is not a good place to drive, and Pauletta has never owned an automobile. Cliff owns one so, just before sunset on Independence Day, they went with another gay couple in the back seat of the sedan to Fisherman's Wharf, where they would view the display. Because of the sexual aspect of the night's outing, Pauletta dressed in drag, wearing a red and white striped mini-skirt and blue blouse to acknowledge the patriotic holiday. Except for the leather pumps he was wearing, it was the same outfit he had put on to march in the Gay Pride Parade a few days earlier. Even in July, the nights get cold by the waterfront, so he also brought a white cardigan to wear later. 

Thinking he might not be able to wait until they returned home and he and Cliff might decide to get out of the car and fuck over the trunk, he wore his customary crotchless panties and padded bra under his outer clothing. Their planning was excellent, and they arrived early enough to get a good parking space in the shadow of Russian Hill, where nobody would be able to see what they were doing when the fireworks had their usual erotic effect on Pauletta. 

The problem with getting there early was they had to wait a long time before the spectacle in the sky started, but this was not a problem for the couple in the back seat. Frances, who preferred that spelling of his name, and David were wrapped up in each other and sharing long, passionate kisses. Frances had his hand inside his friend's pants and, before Pauletta could look away, pulled out the other man's stiff cock and bent over to start sucking on it. 

"Can't you guys wait until you get back home?" Pauletta chided them mildly. 

"Look who's talking," David responded. "How many guys have you fucked or sucked off at The Purple Knight?" The other man in the back seat didn't say anything, because his mouth was too full of the other's hard cock for him to speak, and he didn't want to stop what he was doing. 

Pauletta conceded they had a point. The dark interior of the car was just as private as the cubicles in the rest room David had referred to, and a lot more discreet than the booths in the barroom where he had sometimes indulged in sex. He looked over at his steady boy friend in the driver's seat and wondered if he would want to emulate the men in the back seat. 

Cliff must have been aware of what was going through the mind of his partner. "Wait until we get home," he said, smiling as he did, because he wasn't sure he would be able to wait either. 

Although pouting a bit, Pauletta believed he could wait a few hours before he would have to get sexually involved. He would be much more aroused by that time anyhow, and it would be more fun for him and for his partner. The display of fireworks was due to start in a few minutes anyhow, and after that would be the time to start their carousing. 

As if it had read his mind, the first rocket streaked into the sky less than a minute later, and exploded high overhead, sending out umbrellas of red, white and blue. As he gaped at the awesome display, Pauletta could already feel the stirrings beginning in his groin, and he expected them to get much stronger as the celebration continued. 

He was absolutely right in that expectation. The first rocket was followed, one per minute, by ever more gaudy explosions of crimson and blue and green and white and yellow, each shower of color followed a second later by the familiar whistling and booming. The sounds and lights were getting to Pauletta, and he was squirming on his seat after just a few of them had been launched. He had discovered a small lump in the upholstery of the car seat, and he raised his skirt and slid over to sit on top of it so he could move back and forth while the protuberance dug into his ass. It felt good, but didn't do much about taking care of his needs. 

"Do you want to go outside and watch?" he asked Cliff. 

They had spoken earlier of what might happen that night if Pauletta got too aroused by the noises and the showers of light, and they had agreed if it was safe, they could fuck against the trunk of the car. That was one of the reasons they wanted to park in such a dark and secluded place. Cliff looked all around, and the cars surrounding them appeared to be unoccupied, unless the people in them were doing the same thing they were considering. Life is full of risks, and he believed the extreme pleasure he would get from the ass of Pauletta when he was at a high degree of sexual excitement would be worth it. 

"Did you bring lube and rubbers?" he asked. 

"In here," Pauletta responded, holding up his purse. 

It was a rhetoric question; he always makes a practice of carrying those things in his purse when in drag. The condoms were originally for protection from AIDS or any STD, but now he trusts Cliff to be free of any disease. With him, they are mostly because he likes to suck and lick his partner's cock after they have finished fucking. For better privacy, the interior lights are kept turned off and won't come on when the doors are open, so Pauletta slipped out his door while Cliff left the car by his. Both doors were closed quietly, because noise was as much a danger as light, so they didn't latch, but would remain shut until the two men finished what they were doing ant got back inside. 

"So, now who can't wait until we get back home," David chided those who had just left. Frances didn't say anything because he was busy licking the fresh cum off his partner's cock and his own lips. 

They reached the heavy shadows at the back of the car at the same time, and Pauletta handed Cliff the condom, the bottle of Aqualube and a wad of paper towels he had taken from his purse, which had been left on his car seat. He leaned against the trunk of the car with his legs spread the way he knew they should be, so horny he was already thrusting his feet into the gravel of the parking area as he waited to be prepared and fucked. 

After taking a final look around and seeing nobody who might be watching them, Cliff folded Pauletta's skirt up over his waist and spread the opening in his panties where the crotch had been omitted. He reached in and fondled his partner's soft, smooth ass cheeks, on their insides and their outsides while the rockets' red glare and the bombs bursting in air made Pauletta hornier by the minute. Urgently needing Cliff's thick cock, he reached back and spread his ass cheeks to expedite matters. 

The neck of the plastic bottle of lube was pressed against his pink rosebud just as the biggest detonation yet that evening rolled across the sky, preceded by red flares that became lesser blasts and even more clusters of color. The cool liquid gushing into his ass felt good, as it always did, and the long finger spreading the lube inside felt better yet. After that, he had a few seconds with nothing happening, except he knew Cliff was covering his cock from the same bottle. At last, he felt the head of the newly-lubed cock placed just inside the opening he was creating, followed by feeling it wedge into his ass. 

"Ooooo," he murmured. "My god, that feels good." 

It did but, a few seconds later, it felt even better. Cliff checked for any loose skin or other possible problem by running his finger between his cock and the pink hole it was starting to fill and, not finding anything wrong, thrust forward. He felt almost two inches of his hard shaft plow into Pauletta's ass and heard another moan of pleasure. Until then, he had been using one hand to guide his cock but, after it had penetrated far enough. He wiped both hands clean with one of the paper towels and held onto Pauletta's sexy hips. Pulling back as he thrust forward, almost half his cock was lodged in the needy place where they both wanted it. 

This was already some of the best fucking Pauletta had ever gotten. The noise of the celebration and the cascading colors of the sky rockets were raising his arousal almost to a point of fever, and the cock burrowing into his ass was starting to relieve that need. The last thrust had started massaging his prostate gland, which he calls his clitty, and pleasure was churning through his body from there and from where the entrance to his ass and the adjacent channel were being stretched. He was shifting his weight from one foot to the other and whimpering, almost sobbing, as he rapidly approached ecstasy. 

The coupling was a fantastic one for Cliff too. He was used to sharing some great sex sessions with his sweetie, especially when the latter really let himself go sometimes on weekend mornings, but leaning on the trunk of his car that night was turning into something special. The beautiful young drag queen was dancing and moving, seemingly in every direction at once and, to Cliff, it felt like his cock was being massaged by every muscle in the sexy blonde's body. 

To Pauletta, it felt even better. "Fuck me faster, Cliffie," he murmured. "And play with my cock." 

His partner did as requested, reaching around a hip with his right hand and starting to stroke the erection there. This was a normal thing for the two of them to do during their sexual sessions, except it was usually with Pauletta kneeling on the bed with his lover kneeling behind him or mounting him high on his hips. He was still plunging his cock in slowly but, when Cliff felt how hard and ready the hotsy was, he started thrusting in faster while stroking Pauletta's stiff cock at the same pace. 

"Yeah! Yeah! Like that! Keep giving it to me," Pauletta beseeched his friend, still keeping his voice down to a whisper. 

From the big cock driving steadily in and out of his ass and the muscular but gentle hand stroking him at the same tempo, Pauletta could feel a tremendous climax gathering. "Uh! Uh! Uh!" he whimpered in rhythm with the cock and the hand. "Oh, my god! Oh, my god!" he exclaimed, hoping he wouldn't be too loud. "Oh, my god, that feels good!" 

It felt just as good to Cliff, and he also felt his climax mounting. He rammed his whole shaft as hard and as fast as he could into Pauletta's ass, feeling his legs press against the soft cheeks in front of him with every stroke. The cock in his hand started throbbing and jerking and, seconds later, as one of the loudest explosions of the night crashed through the night above them, his partner uttered a loud stage whisper and shot his cum all over the trunk lid and the hand stroking him. Cliff knew there would be a couple more spurts, so he kept stroking with his hand and driving his cock in and out until his own climax welled up from deep inside his body and exploded. He also ejaculated three times before he was through cumming, and slumped against Pauletta, who was leaning against the car and catching his breath. 

They didn't stay outside very long. After looking around and seeing nobody who might have been watching them, Cliff carefully removed his cock from the ass that had felt so great, stripped off his condom and tossed it on the ground. He had only lowered his pants and underwear to mid-thigh, and he left them there while he hurried to waddle back inside the car. Instead of sitting behind the steering wheel, he sat in the middle of the front seat, because he knew his partner would want to lick and suck the cum from his cock and swallow it. 

After Cliff left, Pauletta hurried around to the other front door of the car and quickly got inside, eager for the treat he knew awaited him. Once the doors were closed and both men were seated, he leaned over and took the driver's softening cock in his hand and started licking off the semen. When he had cleaned off the outside, Pauletta placed his thumb on the shaft right in front of Cliff's scrotum with his fingers on the opposite aside and started moving his hand up toward his mouth, squeezing out all the cum and catching it on his tongue, until his fingers were pressing against his lips. After swirling it in his mouth to relish the taste and texture of the wealth of juices, he let it slip down his throat. 

While Pauletta was licking the cum off Cliff's cock, David was leaning against the back of the front seat, but it wasn't a matter of being snoopy. He and his steady partner take turns being tops and bottoms. Frances was sitting on the center of the back seat with his cock imbedded in the other man's ass, while David held onto the seat back and moved up and down, having his prostate massaged and getting his hole and adjacent channel pleasurably stretched. Even after Pauletta had swallowed all the cum he got from Cliff and was sitting and watching the rest of the fireworks, the two men in the back seat continued noisily fucking until Frances climaxed. 

Of course, the pair of copulating men couldn't come close to drowning out the thundering reverberations that split the night sky preceded, at least from the viewpoint of the four men in Cliff's car, by gaudy displays of bright lights. By the time David and Frances settled down to enjoy the fireworks, they were close to over but, as usual, the city was saving the best for last. 

Despite the terrific fucking his ass had gotten from Cliff's cock and his own great climax, the pyrotechnic display had been steadily arousing Pauletta's lust again, and the final group of skyrockets was enough to raise it to the height it had been just before he had started leaning against the trunk of the car. His cock was stiff and his ass was squirming from his need again. He suggested a second interlude outside the car, but Cliff was not willing to risk being seen by some busybody and getting arrested for public indecency or some silly thing like that. 

"I'm sorry, Pauletta, but it looks like the fireworks are over, and the people are going to start coming back to their cars, and I don't want to put on a display for them. You'll have to wait 'til we get home, and this time I mean it." 

Pauletta pouted again, but knew he meant it, especially when Cliff started the engine and began to weave a route through the cars in front of them. Once again, he located the lump in the upholstery, centered his ass over it and started moving back and forth. It helped some, especially when they were moving over bumpy areas, but was nothing compared to what he knew Cliff's cock could do for him. With the heavy traffic surrounding Fisherman's Wharf and along Market Street, the trip home seemed interminable but, at long last, they reached the brightly painted converted Victorian they all called home. 

"Here we are, everybody," Cliff announced, rather unnecessarily. "Why don't you guys get out here and go inside, and I'll go park this beast and come back. I hope you're ready when I get there." 

Frances and David piled out of the car, adjusted their clothing and headed for the doorstep. Pauletta was right behind them, for he knew that last comment had been meant for him, and he intended to be completely ready when Cliff came in the door. He said "goodnight" to the two other men, who shared a place on the first floor, blew them kisses from the stairway, and hurried up to the apartment that he and Cliff shared in the front overlooking Castro Street. 

As soon as he had closed and locked the door behind himself, he kicked off his pumps and he was unbuttoning his blouse on the way to the bedroom. That garment was tossed aside by the bed, to be followed seconds later by his bra, and he stopped briefly to unbutton and unzip his skirt, let it fall to the floor and step out of it. Normally, Pauletta takes much better care of his clothing than that, but he wanted to be ready when Cliff entered the bedroom. That meant being naked and lying face down on the bed, a pillow under his waist, with a towel between him and the sheet, and the Aqualube, condoms and a wet face cloth, all ready to be used. 

He was ready with plenty of time to spare, and waited impatiently until he heard the key in the lock. "I'm in the bedroom," Pauletta called out when the door closed. He was aware the information was not necessary, but he wanted to impress on his lover just how urgent his needs were. 

Cliff smiled when he entered the bedroom to the sight of the beautiful, naked young blonde man, sprawled out on the bed and ready for fucking or, at least, ready to be made ready. He quickly stripped out of his own clothing and knelt between the shapely white legs so he could fondle the smooth curvaceous ass that would be crammed with his cock in a few minutes. He is so enamored of that delightful ass of Pauletta, he leaned over to plant a kiss on both succulent white mounds and to gently knead the supple flesh with his hands. The sexy blonde recipient of the romantic attentions looked over his shoulder, smiled lewdly and reached back to spread his ass cheeks. 

After putting on a condom and picking up the bottle of Aqualube from where it had been left, Cliff opened it, reached between the lovely white hemispheres, and used a thumb and index finger to pry open the soft edges of the cute, pink rosebud. When he placed the open neck against the small hole being created, Pauletta started squirming in joyful anticipation of what would be happening momentarily. The gush of cool, oily liquid into his ass made him sigh happily and spread his cheeks farther apart, and the long middle finger that tickled his prostate and applied the lube made his body writhe blissfully. Cliff finished the preparations by covering his cock with more of the Aqualube, closing the bottle and setting it aside when he was through. 

"Hurry, Cliff. You know how much I need it," Pauletta impatiently urged the man kneeling between his legs. 
