 Paul Porter, better known as Pauletta, is a popular San Francisco drag queen, and is considered by almost everybody who knows him to be one of the most beautiful and alluring drag queens in the city. He revels in that status and, to maintain it, he needs to keep himself in the best condition possible, so he is a member of a gymnasium located in the Castro District. Among most of The Castro's gay denizens, bars and clubs are the centers of their social life but, for him and many others, this gym is almost as important. 

When Pauletta goes out socially, he always adorns himself in the sexiest and most feminine attire he can, including miniskirts, silky blouses and crotchless panties with matching padded bras from Fredericks of Hollywood. His face is carefully made up and his long blonde hair cascades down over his shoulders, because he knows such a hair style is sexier and more alluring to men than any kind of elaborate coif could ever be. However, he also knows when he goes to the gym, the situation is different. He wears the same clothing on the way there, even including heels, but he eschews the makeup, because he knows his perspiration will make it run and drip in a most unattractive manner. He also wears his hair in a simple ponytail to keep it out of his eyes. 

Although on the way to the gym, he dresses as if he expected to meet a lover in a club, he has to wear a more conventional outfit on the gym floor. In his gym bag, he carries sneakers that match his pink hot pants and a form-hugging t-shirt to wear during his exercises, but he takes off his bra and leaves it in the locker. He wore it the first time there, but found it too constrictive when he was breathing hard during his exercise routine. The ensemble is completed by a pink softball cap with his ponytail fetchingly hanging out the back and a rainbow emblem on the front. 

Most of his visits to the gymnasium are between Monday and Thursday nights, because he steps out on Friday and Saturday evenings and needs to take  care of his more mundane chores on weekends. One Thursday night before he began living with his boyfriend, Cliff, he paid a visit to the gym. He was quite horny that night, because his ass had not been fucked nor had he gotten a nice gooey mouthful of cum from sucking off a cock since the previous Friday night. He was really looking forward, even more than most times, to his usual Friday and Saturday night escapades at The Purple Knight, his favorite bar in The Castro. 

Most of the other gym patrons were friends; some were rivals, and the majority of them greeted him by name as he entered the building and headed for the Men's Locker Room. Nobody thought it strange that a person attired as he was would be using the men's room, because they were in San Francisco's Castro District. A few others in the locker room were dressed much the same as he, and some of his fellow patrons had not finished changing yet. Pauletta looked with interest at the men who were still naked, because he likes to imagine what affairs with some of them would be like. 

His period of exercise was quite long, because it consisted mostly of aerobics and work on the treadmill. He wants to keep in shape, but has no wish to build bulging muscles, because they would be seen as lacking in femininity. By the time he finished, he was the last person on the gym floor, and there was only one other member in the locker room. He was a big bear of a man named Dale, and he was wearing nothing but a pair of gym shorts. Pauletta had often seen him and had always admired the bear's bulging muscles, but had never seen them not covered by clothing before. 

"Hello, Dale," Pauletta greeted the big man, smiling at the way he filled out his shorts and his big biceps and six-pack abs.  

"Hi, Pauletta. You certainly look good tonight." The big man had often admired the sexy young blue-eyed drag queen. They had never hooked up; neither was adverse to the idea, but they had just never happened to be alone at the same place and the same time before. 

"Did you have a good workout?" Dale asked. 

"Yes, I certainly did, thank you. I feel really good now. How about you?" 

"Oh, I did too. I feel really alive now." 

As the two men spoke, Pauletta had been removing his gym wear, starting with his cap, which he carefully placed beside his gym bag. Next, he peeled off his t-shirt and stuffed it into a plastic Zip-loc bag to be washed later. Bare above the waist, he shook his hair back into place, more like the way he usually wore it and sat down on a bench to remove his sneakers and sweat socks. The latter, along with his shorts would also be washed later and would go into the same plastic bag as his shirt. The divesting of his clothing was slow, and an erotic display, and Pauletta wondered if it was having an effect on the other man in the locker room. He rather hoped it was, but was cool enough to refrain from saying or doing anything just then to find out. 

His strip tease was having exactly the effect he hoped for. Dale had stopped removing his own gear and was gazing with lust at the lean physique and smooth, white skin of the man who was putting on a show for him. He was still wearing the same shorts and athletic supporter he had worn on the gym floor, but they fit him much more snugly now because of his growing erection. In particular, his cock got bigger and harder while he watched the drag queen peeling off his tightly-fitting hot pants. 

Pauletta had sat on the bench to remove his shoes and socks, but he stood up and bent over slightly to take off his last garment. He is aware that, to men who are sexually attracted to him and others like him, his curvy ass is the most enticing part of his body, so he turned his back on Dale and bent forward slightly when he began to slowly remove his hot pants. He does no lifting of weights during his workout, and sees no need to wear a jock strap, so there was nothing under the pants to detract from the smooth, creamy-white flesh he knows is so appealing. He took his time peeling the last garment down his hips, letting Dale get a good look at the shapely ass cheeks being put on display. He thought about spreading them and showing off his cute pink rosebud, but decided that would be taking it too far. 

When he was completely naked, Pauletta turned and smiled invitingly at the man who was still gaping, before sashaying in his most provocative manner in the direction of the shower room. He learned long ago how to walk so his hips would sway in an alluring manner, and the complete lack of clothing made his stroll even more exciting to somebody who had any interest in fucking another man. The sexy blonde drag queen fully expected Dale to follow him, even if just to wash himself, and hoped the big man would, and that a lot more than just washing would ensue. 

While rolling his shoulders under the stream of warm water, Pauletta felt a hand stroking his ass, as he had been hoping for. He made no effort to push away the intruder on his person, and actually moved slightly against the hand to give it a better feel of what he knew was strictly top quality flesh. He turned then, and smiled up at the hairy naked bear behind him. 

"Oooo, you're a fresh guy, aren't you," he murmured, while grinning lewdly. "I like fresh guys." Pauletta's eyes dropped to the hard cock aimed in his direction and reached out to take it gently in his hand. "I like these too," he added. 

In case Dale had any doubt what was meant by that, the young man got to his knees, took that object of attraction into his hand and licked from scrotum to head, followed by engulfing the shaft in his mouth and stroking its length a few times between his lips. He removed the hard cock and licked all around and under the head before emphasizing his last remark. "I really love this one." 

Pauletta's mouth engulfed Dale's cock again, and his lips stroked it a few more times. He relished the feel of the hard cylinder as it passed between his lips all the way to the back of his throat and even farther, so he held it there while his tongue caressed its entire length. The smooth skin, stretched so tightly over its hard roundness felt as good to his tongue as its girth did to his lips. Pauletta continued caressing the stiff cock with all parts of his mouth while his pretty blue eyes looked up at the bear standing above him. He meant what he said about loving the cock that was gliding in and out between his lips, but he preferred having it pleasuring a different part of his body. 

"What I'd really love is getting this big dude in my ass," he told Dale as he held the erection in his fingers and gazed up adoringly at the bear. "Why don't you pretend you just came in here, and I'll pretend I just dropped my soap?" 

Dale smiled and went along with the scenario, because that was exactly what he wanted too. "Hey Pauletta, you just now dropped your soap. Why don't you bend over and pick it up?" 

"Why, so I did. My, how awkward of me." 

He did more than just bend over. Pauletta was still on his knees, and he turned away from Dale, bent forward and reached back with his hands to hold his ass cheeks apart. "Do you see anything you like?" 

Dale saw something he liked very much – the smooth round ass of the lovely drag queen, with the adorable pink rosebud centered between the perfect white hemispheres. He got to his knees behind Pauletta and caressed the ass he so much wanted to fuck, before reaching between the cheeks to touch the sweet puckered area. Before doing anything else, and to show his adoration, he bent forward, puckered his lips and gently kissed both cheeks.

When he entered the shower, Dale brought something he hoped and expected to need – a condom he had removed from the wrapper and carried in his hand. He quickly rolled it onto his wet cock. Normally, he would have used KY Jelly or some other lube, but the mild soap he held in his other hand would work as well. While the beautiful ass cheeks were being held apart for him, Dale held his hands in the falling water, worked up a lather and used it to coat his cock in its latex covering. 

When he was ready, he eased his long middle finger into the beautiful pink hole and spread as much of the soapy foam as he thought would be needed. If what he was applying at first was not enough, there was practically an inexhaustible supply available in the bar of soap he placed beside his right knee, away from the water that was still pouring down on the two men. 

Pauletta quivered with excitement when he felt his ass being prepared for the big cock that had briefly been in his mouth. He had seen the condom in his partner's hand, and knew safe sex would be practiced. Dale and he had heard too many tragic stories of AIDS and STD's to allow anything else, regardless of how horny or aroused they were. The finger in his ass had felt great, but he knew it would be nothing compared to the long, thick cock that would soon follow. He eagerly moved his hands closer together so his fingers could spread the soft edges of the hole that was about to be stuffed. His excitement grew as he felt the blunt tip pressing against the center of the small opening he was creating for it. 

The pleasure increased immensely when the big man gave a firm push forward and the thick head of his cock wedged into that small hole. Waves of joy swept forward to inundate Pauletta's body, and he breathed in loudly between his teeth as he ecstatically tossed his head back. His hands continued holding his cheeks apart, and he squirmed in happy anticipation of being stretched farther and deeper than he already was. Seconds after the first thrust, Dale's big cock was driven almost another inch into the delightful pink hole that wanted it so badly. 

"God, that feels good," Pauletta murmured as his body writhed in pleasure from the fucking he was just starting to get.  

"Feels really good to me too. You sure are nice and tight." 

Another firm thrust imbedded another inch of the hard shaft in Pauletta's ass and that was enough to start massaging his prostate gland, which he always thought of as his clit. Besides the ripples of joy emanating from where his ass and the attached channel were being stretched, more powerful waves coursed through his body from his clit, which is probably the most sensitive part of his body for purposes of fucking. He no longer held his cheeks apart but leaned forward and placed his hands on the floor to support his weight. With every movement either of them made, Pauletta moaned from the exquisite pleasure his ass was receiving, and his hips started to swivel in front of Dale, driving his knees down against the shower room floor. 

"Oh, I love that! I love that! Keep fucking me," he implored the man kneeling behind him. 

Dale needed no urging; the movements of Pauletta's ass felt better to his cock than anything he could easily remember. The hard shaft was in deeply enough he no longer needed to guide it, so he placed his hands on his partner's hips, deriving pleasure from their soft, smooth texture. Pulling back on them for leverage, he continued driving his cock in small increments into the man who was so avid for it, until he could feel his pubic hair brushing against the soft insides of Pauletta's ass cheeks. For a minute, he remained in that position, letting the writhing and squirming of the enraptured drag queen give him what he wanted. Finally, he drew his cock back, paused for a few seconds and plowed it all the way into the blonde's sexy ass. 

When he felt the big, hard cylinder surging into him, Pauletta pushed against the floor with his hands and fucked back to meet it. The last few minutes had been packed with extreme pleasure for him, but that was nothing compared to the feelings of ecstasy that were flooding his body from his ass, the attached channel and, especially, his clit. He sighed and moaned in joy and begged the man behind him to keep doing more of the same. 

The begging was unnecessary, because there was nothing Dale wanted more than to fuck the soft, beautiful ass of the sexy young man before him. Over and over, he slowly pulled his cock back until the head was stopped by the tight sphincter, paused briefly and drove all the way back inside. Pauletta thrust back to meet every stroke, and each one felt better than the one before it. As the fucking went on and the warm water splashed erotically over their bodies, Pauletta's blissful moans started changing to sobs and whimpers. 

The cock plunging in and out of the young blonde's ass was hard as the cement shower room floor, but he had something of his own that was almost as rigid. From the excruciating joy his body was receiving, Pauletta's cock had become fully erect, and was swinging erotically from side to side as he moved. His ass was being well satisfied, but his own erection was in need of being stroked. He raised one hand from the floor and reached for his cock, but hoped his partner would see his need and stroke it while continuing to fuck him. 

That was what happened. Dale saw Pauletta reaching under his body for that obvious purpose and reached down to push the hand aside. "Let me do that," he said, and got no argument. 

As enormous as the pleasure was that Pauletta had already been receiving, it became greater when Dale began massaging his cock with a hand still covered with the soap lather. The thrusts into the drag queen's ass had been slow and deep, and they remained that way while his hard shaft was being stroked at the same pace. Every time Dale drove his cock deep into Pauletta, raking his clit and stretching his ass, the sexy blonde thrust back to meet it while the hand wrapped around his hard shaft stroked the skin out to the head. When the bear drew back again, his partner moved forward, essentially fucking his partner's hand at the same pace as Dale was fucking his ass. All the men's movements were slow, because they wanted the excruciating pleasure to go on for as long as they could make it last. 

But they couldn't delay their climaxes forever. Pauletta felt his rising up from deep within his body and starting to overwhelm him. "I'm ready to cum," he announced. "Start fucking me faster." 

His partner was rather glad to hear that, because his own climax was almost ready to explode. Still keeping them in tempo, he started fucking Pauletta's lovely white ass and stroking his cock faster. The incredible pleasure he had been feeling welled up inside him, almost ready to erupt, but the man in front of him reached that point earlier. 

"Oh god!" Pauletta cried out, as his climax erupted. 

A big gush of semen blasted out from the end of the drag queen's cock and splattered on the floor. Dale knew there would be more, so he kept stroking and his efforts produced two more gobs of his partner's cum, also landing on the floor, as well as covering his own hand. He had to cease his pumping and release the cock he had been holding and grab Pauletta's hips with both hands as his own climax exploded, and cum gushed into his condom. He kept plowing his cock into the ass that still felt so good until he was also through cumming. 

Pauletta sagged forward, but remained on his hands and knees. Dale did the same, with his collapse pulling his cock from the ass that had felt so good. They remained that way for a few minutes, with the water still beating down on them, while they caught their breaths and rested. Finally, Dale struggled to his feet and let the shower wash off the condom he still wore, before removing it from his softening cock. He would discard it in the waste container beside the exit from the locker room. 

Pauletta struggled to his feet too, and let the same shower pour on his ass and legs to wash off all the remaining soap. When he was satisfied, he turned to Dale with a happy grin on his face. "My first workout tonight was pretty good," he said. "But my second one, here with you, was a lot better." 



Thank you for reading this story by me, Boxlicker101. Here is an URL to many more of my stories: http://www.literotica.com/stories/memberpage.php?uid=207952&page=submissions

I hope you had as much fun as Pauletta and Dale did. I like writing stories on Literotica, but I like it a lot more when I know that people are reading and enjoying them, and I appreciate it when readers take the time to express their opinions by voting.  Like most authors on Literotica, I practically live for feedback from readers, either public comments or email to me.  Such feedback, whether praise or criticism, helps me to write more and better stories, and I respond to it whenever I can.