 Smiling in expectation of a hot Friday evening, Paul strolled into The Purple Knight, his favorite bar. It was a gay bar, of course, because he seldom goes into any other kind, and never when he's in drag as he was then. He felt quite pleased with himself, because he had made a big sale that day at the high tech manufacturing company where he worked on the order desk and because he was wearing a brand new dark blue mini-micro skirt and a light blue silk blouse. The new clothing went well with his blue eyes, very fair complexion and shoulder length blonde hair, and he expected to find at least one partner for some hot but casual sex. 

He greeted some of the many friends he has there, and they responded to him, addressing him as Pauletta, the name he uses when he is in drag. One of them, a fellow gay bottom named Leonard, did more than greet him; he passed along some information he thought his friend might like to hear. 

"The Williams brothers are here tonight, Pauletta. You've always said you want to meet them and hook up for a hot night, and this might be your chance." 

Paul very much hoped it would be. He had never met the brothers, but some of his friends had gone home with them, and had described the sexual adventure as one of the best of their gay lives. The brothers are two young black men, well hung and virile and, best of all, they treat the gay men they pick up and cavort with as ladies deserve to be treated. For a long time, it had long been common knowledge among Paul and his friends the Williams brothers prefer casual sex with gay men, especially pretty ones, over women, and they prefer white guys, and the more effeminate they are, the better. It is also generally acknowledged that Pauletta is prettier and sexier than most women, so he was sure he would have a great time if he ever had a chance to meet the Williams brothers and go to their apartment for an evening of mutual pleasure. 

After thanking Leonard for the information, Paul approached the bar, looking for two patrons who might be them. He saw two young black men seated near the corner where the lighting was relatively bright, and they looked enough alike to be brothers. The Purple Knight was not as busy as usual that night, and there was a vacant seat right around the curve of the bar, where he could sit and let the two men get a good look at him. He hoped his blonde hair, pretty, carefully made up face and large breasts would be enticing to them. The latter were the result of a well-padded bra, of course, but they made an attractive part of the overall package. 

That package did what Paul wanted. The two men took a good look at the newcomer and called over the bartender. After conferring briefly with him, he left and returned with the glass of white wine he knew Pauletta would have ordered. The pretty drag queen is a regular there, and all the bartenders know what he always drinks and his main reason for coming to the premises. 

"From these two gentlemen, Sweetie," he said as he set the drink on the bar.

"Thank you," Paul replied to the bartender, and he raised the glass in salute and invitation to the two men who had paid for it. 

They strolled over to join him, one on either side, and moved their bar stools closer. Paul thanked them for the drink and turned his head to smile invitingly at either of them in turn. 

"My name is Pauletta. I don't think I've seen either of you good-looking guys in here before. If I had, I'm sure I'd remember you."

"We come here now and then," the man on his right answered. My name is Richard Williams, and some people call me 'Big Dick'." 

"Big Dick? Why do they call you that? You don't look all that tall," Pauletta asked, coyly. He was sure he knew why, and hoped to find out for certain that evening. 

"Would you like to find out later?" Richard placed his left hand on Pauletta's smooth bare thigh and gave a gentle and affectionate squeeze. 

Before Paul could answer, John Williams introduced himself, and made his interest quite clear by patting their intended sex partner on the ass. 

Pauletta giggled. "Oh, you're a fresh guy. I like fresh guys." To make it clear he meant it, he partially stood up and pulled his skirt out from under himself, letting the men beside him have easier access to what he hoped they were thinking about. 

John saw this and took advantage of the opportunity to slip his hand under the strip of cloth to fondle Paul's ass. Both brothers were fully aware the person seated between them was a gay man in drag, and they could see he was exactly the kind of man they had come there to find and take home to their apartment for some carnal fun. 

Richard was aware he would find nothing that interested him at the top of the drag queen's thigh, so he moved his exploring hand from there to his ass. When he realized Pauletta's panties had no crotch, he slipped his fingers between the ruffles around the opening and started stroking the bare skin. Paul smiled and accused Richard of being fresh also, but he was immensely enjoying their attentions. 

They were all having fun already, but they knew how it could be much better. There are several booths along one wall of the room, generally used by men who were petting and fondling each other and wanted more privacy than sitting at the bar afforded. One of the booths was available. 

"Would you rather sit in that booth over there?" John asked the others. 

"I think that would be nice," Pauletta answered, and Richard nodded his head in agreement. 

They ordered more drinks, Scotch and soda for either of the Williams brothers and another glass of white wine for Pauletta. The drinks at The Purple Knight are overpriced, and everybody knows it, but they consider the prices to be a kind of admission fee to a place where sexual partners can be found easily. John paid for the fresh drinks, and they took them to the booth, where Richard sat next to the wall, Paul sat next to him and John squeezed in on the outside. 

Before sitting, Pauletta folded his skirt up so his companions would continue having maximum access to his ass, and they both took advantage, actually sliding their hands through the waistband of his panties and stroking his smooth bare skin. He offered no objections, although he hoped they wouldn't tear them. Paul had carefully shaved his ass and legs before leaving his apartment that evening, and is proud of his soft, hairless white skin, and wanted the men with him to enjoy themselves with the smooth sexiness. 

They both did, becoming more infatuated with the man who was sitting between them. Pauletta's hands were busy too, unzipping their flies, reaching in and fondling a pair of rapidly stiffening cocks. He was especially happy when he proved to himself the origin of Big Dick's nickname. After finishing their drinks, they had no reason to stay in The Purple Knight, and excellent reasons for going somewhere else, specifically a place with a large bed. 

Richard suggested leaving, while John nodded his head in agreement. "You know, Pauletta, we have an apartment near here, and we'd really love to have you come there and join us for some fun. They're pretty easy-going here, but they do have their limits with what they allow people to do with each other, and we've about reached the max." 

Paul knew there was a risk in going home with somebody, especially a straight man, but the Williams brothers had good reputations, and everybody in the bar would know he was leaving with them, so he felt safe. "That sounds like a great idea," he answered. "You guys can get even fresher there, if you want to." 

"Oh, we'll definitely want to," both his companions answered. 

With some difficulty, John stuffed his cock back into his pants, zipped them up and went to ask the bartender to call a cab, which he did. The other two men, after straightening out their clothing, joined him outside to wait for the taxi. There were plenty available in that part of town, and it was still early enough there wasn't much of a demand for them, so they had to wait no more than a few minutes. All the sexual adventurers got into the back seat, with Paul in the middle, but they were discreet during the short ride. They had no problem being on display at The Purple Knight, but they had no wish to provide erotic entertainment for anybody else. 

Richard paid the cab fare and, after a short walk across the lobby of the high rise apartment house, an elevator ride to one of the upper floors and a short walk down a carpeted hallway, they were in the plush apartment shared by the Williams brothers. It was comfortable and well-furnished, but none of them stopped to take time to admire the furniture. They were in too much of a hurry to get to the bed where they all expected to enjoy a session of great sex. 

"This is the guest room," John pointed out, rather unnecessarily. 

The only pieces of furniture in the room were a small chest of drawers and a king-sized bed, which was well supplied with pillows, but made with only a bottom sheet. A bottle of Aqualube with a pointed tip was sitting on top of the chest, and Paul was happy to see a supply of condoms there too, because he always practices safe sex. He kicked out of his high heeled pumps at the door and headed for the bed, with the others right behind him. 

Richard and John had tossed aside their jackets and unbuttoned their shirts on the way to the guest bedroom, and they dropped the latter on the floor next to the bed. Pauletta stopped by the edge of the mattress; the Williams brothers came up behind him, and one unbuttoned his blouse while the other unzipped his skirt. Being in such a hurry to get one big, black cock in his ass and the other in his mouth, he said nothing when they dropped his skirt and blouse on the floor beside their own. Usually, Paul treats his clothing better than that, especially new things he wears while in drag, such as the garments that were then lying on the floor, but he was too eager to start fucking and sucking to say anything. 

Both the other men were involved in undressing him, although he didn't care who took off what. He didn't notice which of the brothers pulled down his panties, letting his hard cock spring free. Pauletta stepped out of that last garment, leaving himself naked except for his bra, which he prefers to leave on, concealing the fact that he has nothing to put inside it. 

While the other two men were divesting themselves of the rest of their clothing, the naked Pauletta climbed onto the bed and got in the middle on his hands and knees holding two pillows he would put where they were needed. Paul wanted and expected one of his hosts to fuck his ass and the other to want to be sucked off and, if they were as virile as they were said to be, to alternate those positions until both of them were sated. When the need arose, he would stroke his own cock with his hand until he climaxed and ejaculated, probably onto the bed and probably twice. Only rarely would a sex partner do that for him, although he appreciated it when somebody did. 

John climbed onto the bed and sat in front of their guest with his legs spread and his fully erect cock sticking up from his lap and ready to be sucked. Pauletta knew that meant Big Dick would momentarily be driving his big dick into his ass, and he quivered with delight at the thought. However, that would not happen for a few minutes, and there was a long, thick cock waiting to spread his lips and fill his mouth, so he moved forward and held the shaft gently between his fingers. 

Pauletta started by licking the head of John's erection, relishing the texture, like warm velvet against his tongue, and slowly enveloped the rest of the cock in his mouth. He had just reached the point where the end was against the back of his throat when he felt the hands of the other Williams brother fondling the cheeks of his ass. Richard gently spread them and inserted into him the tip of the bottle of lubricant that had been on the chest of drawers. Pauletta's body shivered in joy at even that small penetration, and he reveled even more when the oily liquid gushed into his ass and was followed by a long finger to spread it evenly. 

He knew the man behind him would next coat his cock with the Aqualube, and was sure he was wearing a condom. Pauletta spread his knees slightly and reached back to hold his ass cheeks apart to speed up the start of what he expected to be a great fucking, and felt fingers prying open the edges of the tight hole where he would be getting it. The next sensation was of a hard blunt object, which he recognized as the head of a cock, pressing between the edges of that hole and being moved up and down to spread the lubrication. When all the preliminaries were done, that hard object wedged through the tight ring of muscles and entered his ass. 

A great burst of near rapture shot through his body from where he was being stretched open and, seconds later, a greater jolt radiated out from the same place as the big cock thrust in deeper and expanded his ass and the adjacent channel. After a few seconds pause, the hard cylinder drove into him again, far enough this time to begin massaging his prostate gland, what Pauletta thinks of as his clit, and sending waves of extreme pleasure crashing all through his body. Not wanting to bite down on John's cock, Pauletta removed it from his mouth temporarily and prepared himself by placing both hands on the bed to brace himself. He would be able to fuck back to meet the thick shaft that was already delighting his ass so much. 

When he felt the huge giver of pleasure surging into him again, he pushed off from the bed and almost all of the big cock imbedded itself in his ass. The sensation of being so stuffed was one of the greatest Pauletta had ever known, and he moaned blissfully. The next thrust was even better, and he could feel the curly pubic hair of his partner tickling the soft, sensitive insides of his ass cheeks. He turned his head back over his shoulder, winked at Richard and told him what he wanted. 

"I love your big dick, Big Dick. Now, really give it to me." He bowed his back to raise his ass and give the man behind him a better target to give it to. 

Paul had not forgotten about what the other man had available to share carnal pleasure with him, and he looked up at John, smiled and started to take it into his mouth again. While Richard remained kneeling behind him with his shaft buried to the hilt in his ass, Pauletta licked the head of the other, only slightly smaller cock in concentric circles, paying special attention to the slit in the end, until his tongue was stroking under the ridge. After that, he lowered his face, slowly taking the shaft in more deeply until it touched the back of his mouth. He paused, and opened his throat to envelop the rest, until he had curly black pubic hair tickling his lips and nose as well as insides of his ass cheeks. 

All three men stayed like that for a minute, nobody talking and all of them relishing the pleasure they were giving each other, until Richard pulled most of his cock from Pauletta's ass, paused with just the head remaining inside and began driving it slowly back into him. As he was being crammed again, Paul fucked back to meet it and raised his mouth most of the way from John's cock, keeping just enough pressure with his lips to delight himself and the man he was sucking off. The combined stroke ended with one huge cock imbedded deeply in Pauletta's ass and the head of the other nestled between his lips and being caressed by his tongue. When Richard started to withdraw again, Paul enveloped John's cock all the way down his throat again once more. 

Tacitly, a rhythm was established. Richard plowed his cock deeply and slowly into Pauletta's ass, and he fucked back to meet it while caressing John's shaft with his lips as he raised his head. When Richard withdrew for another long, deep stroke, Paul's mouth once again enveloped the cock in front of him. They continued for a long time, with nobody having any need to say anything except for sighing and moaning from the intense pleasure they were all receiving. 

Pauletta couldn't talk anyhow, with his mouth as full as it was, but he was doing some of the best fucking and sucking of his life. The smaller of the two cocks was still big enough to spread his lips the way he likes and to cram his mouth almost as full as it could get. As he enveloped the stiff shaft, sometimes he turned his head slightly to let the end of John's cock slide along the inside of a cheek or the roof of his mouth. With every stroke, his tongue laved the entire length of the thick organ, and he reveled in the smooth skin stretched over its hard roundness. 

The even bigger cock plunging in and out of his ass was giving him at least as much pleasure, although of a different kind. Every stroke spread his ass open and expanded the adjacent channel, but the best part was when the big, hard cylinder raked across his prostate gland. Every time it drove slowly over that gay male equivalent of a clit, and every time it was pulled back out again, a torrent of exquisite pleasure inundated Pauletta's entire body. 

John was getting what he believed was the best blow job of his life from the hot drag queen. Everything about it gave him tremendous pleasure, from watching his cock going slowly in and out of the beautiful white face with the lipsticked mouth to gazing at the lovely blue eyes that seemed to be looking adoringly at him as Paul slowly bobbed his head up and down. However great the visual aspects might have been, the most delightful part was what the gay blonde man's skillful mouth was doing for his cock. His lips applied exactly the right amount of pressure on his shaft, and the laving of his tongue and the caresses of the muscles in his throat were like nothing John had ever felt. 

Every time Richard plunged his cock into Pauletta's ass, it seemed to him it might be the best hole he had ever fucked. The lubricant was working perfectly, so there was no friction, just the sensation of extreme tightness and of the gay man's internal muscles massaging the entire length of his shaft. He was getting other tactile and visual delights too, with his hands holding the soft, shapely white ass that was slowly moving back and forth in front of him as he drove his cock in and out. He had been in a similar position with women, both white and black, and Pauletta's ass was at least as alluring as any he had ever seen. 

Neither Richard nor his brother considers himself to be gay, and they are both physically and romantically attracted to women. However, they have come to the conclusion that a gay man, such as Pauletta, was just as sexually desirable as most women. There is also the advantage of their male partners not insisting on expensive gifts and being wined and dined at expensive restaurants before agreeing to a minimal amount of limited sexual fun. Most gay men loved to suck big cocks like theirs, and they always swallowed, and their asses were more readily available and tighter than most pussies. In addition to the great fucking and blow jobs they get from them, Pauletta and other drag queens are often prettier than most of the women they have known. 

As the delightful fucking and sucking quietly continued, John was the man who broke the silence. "I'm going to cum in your mouth, Pauletta. I hope you like to swallow." 

Paul loves everything about sucking a man off, but the thing he likes most is having his mouth filled with cum so he can relish the taste and texture. He didn't answer aloud; he was having too much fun with his mouth full of hard cock, but he signaled with his right index finger and thumb in a circle and started sucking faster. He stopped taking the head all the way in, because Paul wanted to be sure John didn't cum directly down his throat and deprive him of the joy he would get from the mouthful of fresh semen before swallowing it. 
