 I have been coming to this site for years, but this is my first submission. This story is true and happened to me.

***

I was a 35yo bisexual man who was visiting London. One day I took the channel over to Paris and discovered what a truly romantic city it was. I visited some sites, rode some buses, and was riding the Metro (Paris subway) back to the train station to catch the channel back to London when my day truly unfolded. It was rush hour, the car was packed and I had both arms above me holding onto a loop so I wouldn't fall. I then felt a male hand lightly stroking my crotch. I couldn't see who was doing it so I relaxed with the pleasure of a man stroking my cock over my pants, while my hands were above me in the loop as if tied there. His hand grew bolder and rougher then two other hands joined him from the sides of me, two other men joining the fun. No one else could see us and i was past the point of caring. The man in front turned to me and said he knew of a place we could go to at the next stop.

"OK. I'd love to suck you," I said.

He nodded to me and then at other two men fondling me. A stop was soon called out as the train slowed and I followed them out the door.

I finally got a good luck at the three of them and they all seemed to be in their 60's and a little overweight, which was fine with me as I am a very kinky submissive.

I followed the first man as he led us to an alley of shops, down that alley, another street, another darker alley then stopped by a vestibule, the door and windows were dusty but a crew of workers were clearly seen just inside the door, doing carpentry work. 

I was pushed to my knees and a thick cock was pushed to my mouth. I took it into my mouth and licked the head then the shaft .I sensed the other two cocks make their appearance and rub against my cheek, so I started jacking them as well. I was loving this attention, in sensory overload, when I heard the workers mention what I was doing outside the door as they quickly crowded the windows to see this faggot sucking cock as they made their comments in French. This was getting even better. then the first cock started shooting his cum into my mouth. I pulled my head off letting the cum spill out of my mouth to trickle down my neck, as I grabbed the second cock and began voraciously sucking his cock while continuing the show.

The workers started rattling the door and trying to open the windows but they all seemed locked.

I pulled the cock out of my mouth and tried to put on a better show by covering the head with my saliva and licking down the sides of it. He did not last long with this and started cumming on my face which I pointed to the door window amid cheers from inside. 

I was now ready to suck my third cock when the third one had other plans. He lifted me to my legs, then put his hands around to my belt and zipper. I let my head fall back on his shoulder with a smile on my face and cum all over it.

He pushed me forward and my hands rested on the door as my pants fell to the ground.

He scooped up some cum from my face for lubrication, then started fucking me as I looked at the happy faces inside the door while trying to swallow the pain of his cock burrowing into me.

The pain in my ass relaxed and I started shoving back on his cock to get more. He kept fucking me for a few more minutes then pulled his dirty cock out of me and came on my ass and lower back to the applause of the others.

The first three men left without saying a word, then the workers started returning to their work. I was left with cum running down my back and legs, and a face of full of sperm starting to dry on my face.

It seemed to all end rather abruptly, but that's the French for you. I didn't bother to clean up. I pulled up my pants and buckled my belt feeling the wetness within, made a quick swipe of my face, then headed to the Gare du Nord for my train back to London, looking like a well satisfied slut.