 Ryan was about twenty years old and had strawberry blonde hair and a peaches and cream complexion. Set into his beautiful face was a pair of dazzling blue eyes and a satin smooth, red gash of a mouth. He was a work of art, but the best thing about him was he had no idea how hot he was. He was a really friendly guy, interested in everything and everyone around him.

One day we got chatting when I called in to the company where he worked as a receptionist. He mentioned something about being really lonely and I couldn't understand why someone who had everything going for him should be lonely. On a whim I decided to ask him out for a meal with me. I didn't think he would agree but he practically jumped at the chance. I couldn't believe my luck and arranged to meet him that very evening.

I took Ryan to a really expensive restaurant which was located in our city's top hotel. I had also rented a room for the night, just in case. I really didn't expect anything to happen, but if it did I didn't want to be doing it in an alleyway. Ryan looked absolutely stunning when he arrived. He was wearing a jacket and tie and managed to look both younger and older at the same time. His white teeth dazzled when he smiled. He had a very attractive laugh, that me you feel as if the two of you were sharing the most private joke in the world.

Everything about the evening was just perfect. The food was very good and we had an excellent bottle of wine to go with it. Ryan was a little worried about the cost but I told him not to worry his pretty head. When I said that his eyes lit up. It was as if a light went on.

'Do you have a girl friend?' he suddenly asked me.

'No. I like guys.' I told him.

'Wow.' he replied.

We sat in silence for a while and then he added:

'I wish a guy would like me.'

'Well, I already know one that does.' I said.

'Really?' he asked, widening his eyes. And then he understood what I was saying. I waited for the "I like you too, but..." spiel.

'Would you make love to me?' he suddenly whispered.

'I'd love to.' I told him.

The evening just got better. We were both desperate to go off and have a hot fuck, but the waiting made it even better. We had some desert and then a glass of port with our cheese. I was slowly undressing him with my eyes. It had been a long time since I was so excited. I reached under the table cloth and stroked his warm thigh. He put his hand under the table and we held hands briefly while we smiled at each other. I felt eighteen again. If I was his age I could easily have fallen in love with him.

When at last we felt we could hold out no longer we made our way upstairs. The minute we were through the door we were in each other's arms. The hunger of his kiss was just amazing. I could feel his hard cock jutting into my thigh as his tongue worked itself around my own. His hands were cupped around my ass and really kneading my butt flesh through the thin material of my slacks. My own cock was soon hard too, and pressed against his crotch. I knew if we didn't break the kiss soon I would cum just from rubbing off against him, but I let him control the action.

Ryan broke off the kiss at last and started tugging on my belt. He soon had it unbuckled and my pants unzipped. He reached into my underpants and fished out my thick, throbbing prick. He gasped and then dropped to his knees. Greedily he slurped on my cock but he was very inexperienced.

'Careful with the teeth.' I said gently.

He looked wounded.

'I'm sorry..'

'Here, let me show you.' I told him.

I pulled him to his feet and undid his pants. I pushed his pants and underpants down to his feet. His slender eight inch boner sprang free. Like him it was a thing of beauty, with a pale shaft and a delicate pink head. A thicket of reddish gold curls swirled around the base of his cock. Below his dick hung two full, pink low hangers. I got down on my knees and helped him out of his pants. I stroked his smooth thighs and butt. He sighed as his cock twitched about. Soon a drop of precum glistened in the piss slit. I touched my thumb to it and passed that drop of salty love lube to my tongue.

And then I opened wide and took him in. I didn't stop until he was in my throat and my lips were brushing his pubes.

'Damn, how do you do that!' he cried.

I eased up his dick until just the tip of his gorgeous cock was in my mouth. I winked at him and then went back to work. My tongue kept on picking up his slippery love leak as I worked him in and out of my mouth. I could not believe how much precum he had. It made me excited, thinking about the heavy load that he would drop later. I had been blowing his cock for a good ten minutes when suddenly he shuddered, cursed and came.

I was a bit disappointed that he had cum so soon. I lay him down on the bed and started to kiss him again. As I kissed I stroked his body, teasing his nipples and fondling his balls. He was soon hard again and started tugging on my clothes. I stepped out of them and lay down. Once more he took my cock into his mouth and did a much better job this time. But a blow job I could get from anyone; a body like Ryan's did not come along every day. I tugged on his hips and soon positioned him above my face. I could tell that he was uncertain about what he was expected to do.

'Sit on my face.' I told him.

It didn't take him long to get the hang of that. As soon as my tongue made contact with his puckerhole he let out a yelp of pleasure and started mashing his ass into my face. He really rode my tongue, forcing it deeper and deeper past his knot. I greedily lapped at his juicy fuck hole. How wonderful it would be if I could get in that tight cute some time, I told myself. Ryan lowered himself down the length of my body and started nibbling my balls. As he licked and nipped he stroked my hairy legs. It all just felt so good.

And then I felt him tugging at my legs, forcing them up in the air, exposing the valley of my ass crack. His tongue plunged into me and it was my turn to be surprised. He was born to this. Ryan was eating me out like he had been doing it all his life. I was soon wet and when he decided to push a finger in to me it went in easily. I guess he was encouraged by this because suddenly he got off me and asked me to turn around. I got up from the bed and took a sachet of lube out of my jacket and handed it to him. I then lay back down and waited for him.

I was encouraged when he started to stroke my back and butt. He wasn't going to hurry into this. For about five minutes he stroked my sensitive bits, working from my back, to my butt cheeks then to my inner thighs and back again. Then he applied a little lube and started working it in to my hole.

'It's so hot in there.' he said.

'Wait till you get your cock in.' I told him.

Even that didn't make him rush. He took his time working the lube in. I told him to slip another finger to me and soon he had me stretched to three. And then I felt his warm cock head touching my puckerhole. I sighed. Never had I awaited a fucking like this one.

He slid into me very slowly. His cock was on the slender side so I had no problem taking it in. He was soon sunk to the nuts and he lay down on my back and kissed my earlobes. I wriggled about under him, enjoying the feel of a super hard cock inside me. And then he started to thrust; very slowly at first; but I think his youth got in the way of good intentions.. He was soon thrusting harder and harder. The slicker, and wetter, and hotter my ass got the harder he nailed me. His breathing quickened as he increased his tempo further still. The sound of his cock pounding my lubed up ass echoed through the room. It was just the horniest sound in the world.

Ryan was soon thrashing about above me, really fucking my ass raw. I was a little shocked when he started cursing and calling me his fuck bitch. I guess he had been watching too many porno films. I decided to show him who was really boss. I started clamping down on his cock, really milking it. He cried out in surprise.

'Oh, fuck my cock.' he moaned.

I tightened my ring around him and held for a few seconds before releasing. Each time he stroked I clamped my assring around his horny cock. He stood no chance. A minute later I heard him yelp as he started creaming off inside my ass. 

I was right about the load. As he withdrew from me his jizz started oozing out my ass. I knew we were in for a really heavy night when Ryan got under me and licked it all up.

END

Copyright Daniel Blue