 This is my first attempt at fiction. Hope you like it.

Post any feedback through the link below.



Paying back the Boss

My heart was still pounding and my face burning as I walked into the office toilets. I'd just dropped my boss in it during a conference call with a client, potentially costing the business thousands of pounds. My boss, Steve, ended the call quickly, professionally glossing over my error and informing the client he would get back to him with responses to his queries. His words were still ringing in my ears.

"What the fuck was that?" he seethed, as soon as the call ended. 

"I'm sorry, I just lost my thread..." I responded sheepishly.

My five colleagues just looked at the ground. I was the most junior in the team at 21, but no one was speaking up for me.

"I'll make it up to you, just give me a chance."

As I pushed through the inner door of the gents, I instantly caught sight of Steve drying his hands. I smiled nervously as I pushed into the first stall just in front of him. As I was about to turn to lock the door, I felt a hand on my shoulder push me into the stall further and a body momentarily press against me so that the door could close.

"What the ....?" I said, as I turned around in the cramped stall.

"Shut up" hissed Steve. And for a moment there was an awkward silence, which was broken by the outer door of the bathroom opening, quickly followed by the inner, and someone proceeding to take a piss at a urinal.

Steve held a finger to his lips and motioned for me to sit down on the toilet. I lowered the lid, and sat down, waist height to my boss. I still didn't know what was to come when Steve unclasped his belt, slid down his flies and pulled out his dick.

I sat frozen in front of him as he pulled on his cock a couple of times. I'd never had my face so close to a dick. It shocked me how thick it was, and there was a faint smell of sweat and piss. When he released his cock he had a semi hard-on, his cock arcing downwards and his foreskin hanging loosely.

My attention was broken by the sound of the hand dryer outside the stall, followed by the slam of the door and the silence of the empty bathroom.

"Do you know how much that stunt has cost me? My fucking bonus was riding on that deal, you fucking prick? I'm really gonna have to kiss some ass to pull this around now. And if I've gotta kiss some ass, well then, so have you gay boy."

Before I could speak the bathroom door opened again and I heard two guys chatting as the entered. 

Steve didn't waste any time, he took his dick between two fingers and thumb and pulled back his foreskin. With his left hand on the back of my head he held is cock against my lips. After a brief hesitation, I slid out the tip of my tongue and shyly licked is salty piss hole. The force of Steve's hand on my head was slowly increasing as I pushed against it, reluctant to engage any further. But he was stronger than me and, as my resistance waned, my mouth opened and I took his bell end into my mouth.

At the urinals I recognised the two guys chatting. They had been in the meeting, and I knew they were talking about me:

"Man, he's in a whole heap of shit."

"Yep, wouldn't like to be in his shoes right now."

They didn't know how true their words were as a bobbed my head up and down Steve's thick shaft. His hand still pressed firmly on the back of my head ensuring there was no respite. I couldn't believe how thick his shaft was, and my jaw ached as it gaped wide open.

As the two guys used the hand dryer, I knew my chance was coming for a rest. As the outer door close I pushed my hands against Steve hips, and he let me up for air. I was looking at the floor ashamed of what I was doing, not wanting to make eye contact with Steve. He had grabbed his cock and was wanking furiously just inches from my face.

After a couple of minutes he pushed his cock back at my face and I took it in my mouth without any resistance. I wrapped my hand around the base of his cock and jerked him off as I sucked on his bell end until I heard the next visitor enter the toilet, when I resumed my silent sucking. 

The guy who had entered the toilet had gone into a stall, I heard him drop the seat, then his trousers. So I knew I was gonna be sucking cock for at least five more minutes. The door of the toilet banged shut a few more times and the toilet became busy with activity: people chatting, toilets flushing and the handdryer blasting on and off every couple of minutes – obviously a meeting had just finished or there had been a break-out.

Suddenly, Steve pulled back and grabbed his dick. I looked up at him for the first time, confused by his actions, but instantly realised from the expression on his face that he was close to cumming. He quickly composed himself and again held my head tight with his left hand. With his right hand he wanked slowly, stretching his foreskin back as far as it would go. 

My mouth was wide open and my tongue outstretched; I was desperate to taste his cum. He held the end of his dick on the tip of my tongue as he let in a sharp outtake of breath to announce his climax. 

His first spurt cum was short, landing on my tongue and giving my first taste of his musty seed. But the second, third and fourth spurts were stronger, hitting the back of my throat, and forcing me to swallow quickly so as not to choke. The next few spurts were like the first, giving me the chance to savour his seed in my mouth.

I looked up to see a look of ecstasy of his face. He looked down just in time to watch me swallow his cum. His dick was leaking more cum, and I licked his piss hole clean, then took his cock in mouth and sucked it clean of his cum. I bobbed my head up and down on his dick, wanting to feel his cock grow in my mouth again, and for a second I thought he was going to let me suck him off again. But instead he pulled out, and started to tidy himself up.

The toilet was quiet again, and he took the opportunity to slip out of the stall, leaving me alone with only the memory of my first cock. Within 10 seconds I had my cock out and was wanking furiously as I recalled his cock in my mouth.

When I got back to my desk, I opened my e-mails to find a private meeting invite from Steve. The meeting was for 10.00 tomorrow, recurring everyday in my work calendar. I quickly accepted. It looked like this was only the start of my payback to Steve, although I have to say, that I wasn't complaining.