 After getting my under graduate degree from a prestigious mid-western school, I interviewed and was hired for a job in the tech industry in the Seattle area. I decided to make the trek and started my new life. I packed up the few belongings I had and made an uneventful trip in my 2007 Ford Fusion.

Although I was away from family and friends, I really enjoyed being on my own. I settled in to a small apartment not far from my job. After getting some basic furniture, paying deposits, rent and the like, I found myself very low on spendable cash. My social life would have to suffer until I could build up some reserve funds.

I was quick to make a couple of friends at work. After I was on the job for about a month, I started to have car trouble and took it to a local dealership where I found out that it would be over $1500 to fix the problem. One of my friends in work recommended a reliable, inexpensive mechanic a few miles away.

I made an appointment for Saturday and took my car in to the mechanic. It was a small operation located on a back street in a nearby town. There were 2 men working, an older mechanic and a guy in his 30's. I introduced myself to the younger man telling him my name was Tony and briefly explaining the problem to him. I did not tell him that I already had an estimate from the dealer. He turned out to be Jake, the owner of the garage. He was in his mid-thirties and said that he could diagnose the problem quickly. He told me to take a seat in the tiny waiting area. After about an hour, he came in and informed me of the problem and told me the estimate to fix it was a little over $1000. The whole time he was talking, I noticed he was looking me up and down.

Jake was very muscular, probably from all the heavy work that he does. He was about 6', 180lbs with short sandy blonde hair. His smile, tone of voice and mannerisms extruded an air of confidence. Not at all bad looking and I could tell he would clean up nicely. On the other hand, I was 5'10", 165lbs, brown hair and on the skinny side. I did manage to get to the gym now and then so I had a fairly nice physique.

What was I to do? I certainly didn't have that kind of cash after the move and had not had time to build up any in a few short weeks. I could Uber to work for a few days but couldn't possibly continue to do that on a steady basis while I saved up the money for the repair. I asked if he had some type of payment plan.

Calmly, he explained that although he didn't have a payment plan, he would be able to work something out. I was eager to hear what he had in mind.

Jake told me that he found me very handsome and was interested in a little "man to man" action. He would be willing to do the work free of charge if I would be willing to come over for the next 5 Saturdays after he closed. I was shocked, I had never been propositioned by another guy before. Up until that time, I had a few girlfriends in high school and college, and certainly was no prude in the sex department but I never even thought about gay sex. There was no curiosity or desire. And now, this man was coming up with an offer that would basically turn me into a whore for 5 weeks. I really needed the car to get back and forth to work so reluctantly, I pressed him for more details.

He said that if I were to come over after work for the next 5 Saturdays, he would show me things about gay sex that I would be guaranteed to enjoy. What was I even thinking? This guy wants me for his slut boi for 5 weeks at the equivalent rate of $200 per night. But, you know what they say, 'desperate times call for desperate measures.' Weighing the consequences and against my better judgement, I decided that I could put up with him for 5 weeks to get the work on my car completed. I shook his hand and said we had a deal. How bad could it be I thought?

Jake told me that it would take most of the day to repair and that if I wanted, I could leave and return late afternoon. Not having anywhere to go, I decided to stay in the waiting room and read a book that I had started.

About 4:00, Jake came out and handed me the keys. "Good as new'" he announced. Reaching for the keys, he gently took my arm and reminded me about our "appointment" next Saturday. I actually felt a tingle go through me.

Well one thing, he was right. The car drove better than new. He did excellent work but at what price?

Sunday flew by but the workweek seemed to drag on. The closer it got to the weekend, the more nervous I became. I could just not show up but I did give him my word so knew I would feel guilty if I backed out. By Friday, my stomach was in knots and I was a total mess. A couple of guys at work were heading out for some drinks. They saw something was troubling me throughout the week and decided it would be great to go out and hit a club or two. Normally I would have jumped at the chance, but I was in such a nervous state that I came up with some BS excuse and declined their invitation.

Most of Saturday morning I spent worrying about the evening. Finally it was Saturday afternoon and time to head over. After showering, I dressed in a nice pair of jeans and a polo shirt. It was a little after 4 pm when I left the apartment. Traffic was horrendous and I didn't get to the shop until almost 5. Jake was finishing up. His mechanic had already left so it was him and I. He greeted me warmly and told me to make myself comfortable in his office while he wrapped things up and closed up shop.

I entered his office which was very neat and organized. Besides his desk, there was a huge leather sofa and matching chair. In the corner was a mini refrigerator next to a door that I presumed to be a storage area. Trying hard to calm my nerves, I took a seat in the oversized leather chair.

In about 10 minutes, Jake entered. He came over and gave me a quick peck on the cheek and told me how happy he was to see me. He told me how nice I looked and suggested that we sit and get to know each other. "How about a beer?", he offered. I was hoping a beer or two or three would help to calm the nerves so I eagerly accepted.

He went over to the door by the mini-fridge and when he opened it, I was surprised to see that it led to a small apartment. You entered into a small living room, to the left was a little kitchenette and I guessed the door on the right led to a bedroom. The apartment was tastefully decorated, spotlessly clean and very inviting. 

The aroma of the food cooking wafted through the small apartment. "After working all day, I'm starved. I hope you're hungry too," he stated. "Dinner will be ready in a less than an hour." I began to feel a little at ease.

Jake walked over to the kitchen area and grabbed two beers from the refrigerator. "Glass or bottle?" "Bottle is fine," I responded. He popped the top and handed me my beer. He walked over to the sofa and sat down motioning me over to sit down. For the next 45 minutes, he just made small talk. He was a very charismatic conversationalist and I was very interested what he had to say. He seemed genuinely interested hearing about my life story. It turns out that we actually had a lot in common. He enjoyed the outdoors and I told him that was one of the reasons I took a job in Washington state. We both were avid football enthusiasts and he told me he would take on anyone in basketball. 

After downing our beers, he got up and got us another. When he came back, he sat next to me and casually put his hand on my knee as he continued the conversation. He told me that he was 34 and had been married for 6 years before getting a divorce 2 years ago. His ex got the house so he was living in the apartment behind the garage. He said the divorce was ugly and it turned him off to women for a while. He had time to explore his bisexual tendencies and came to discover that man on man sex was far more fulfilling.

By the time I finished my second beer on an empty stomach, I was feeling a little relaxed. "Now that we are cooled off a little, I really need to get out of these work clothes and take a shower. I would love it if you joined me." He turned off the stove so dinner wouldn't burn and headed into the bedroom. I slowly got up and followed him. His bedroom which was as immaculate as the rest of the apartment. He entered the bathroom and got 2 towels out of the linen closet and reached into the large walk-in shower to turn on the water.

I stood by as he quickly untied his work boots, removed his socks, unbuttoned his shirt and took it off. He was smooth-chested with well defined muscles and a washboard stomach. He undid his belt, unzipped his pants and dropped them to the floor. I was surprised to see that he was wearing a jock and immediately noticed an obvious bulge in the front. He turned around give me a view of his firm ass and bent down to remove his jock. He picked up his clothes an threw them into a laundry basket in the corner. When he turned around, I gazed at his erect cock pointing straight up. It was at least 8 inches and fairly thick. The only other time I had seen other cocks was in the gym that I went to while in college. There, everyone gave cursory looks to size up the other guys. I was always happy with my 6 ½ inches but he looked huge in comparison.

Jake seemed very at ease with his nudity. He came over to me and hugged me gently. "I promise not to bite, Tony. Let me give you a hand." As he bent over to untie my shoes, I couldn't help but stare in awe at his erection. I kicked off my shoes and removed my socks as he stood and slowly lifted my shirt over my head. I unbuckled my jeans and lowered them. He helped pull them off my legs leaving me in my boxers. With a sigh, I pulled down my underwear and stood before him naked. Although he complimented me on my body, I was a little self-conscious after seeing his large cock.

He took my hand and led me into the shower. The hot water felt good as it cascaded over my body. Jake took me in his arms and pressed his lips to mine. Although it seemed odd, his kiss actually felt great. I felt his probing tongue pressing against my lips trying to get them to part. My mouth opened and his tongue found it's way in. Soon he was kissing me passionately. I responded by circling his tongue with mine. I suddenly realize that there was some stirring going on down below.

We soaped each other's back as we continued to kiss. His hands wandered down to my asscheeks and he kneaded and soap them well before running a soapy finger into my crack. He spent a good bit of time lathering my asshole and my cock stiffened a little more. Breaking the kiss, he concentrated on my chest. His hands rubbed my chest as his thumbs flicked across my nipples. My nipples are very sensitive and my cock jumped to full attention as he worked them over. Gradually, his hands moved down and he was soaping my pubes.

"I see you are starting to enjoy this a little," he said, noticing my full erection. "Tonight is all about you."

I sighed as he took my cock in his hands. He gently stroked me with one hand as he reached down and fondled my balls with the other. He was very gentle, as he continued to wash me. Jake kneaded my legs beginning at the upper thighs and worked his way slowly downward. He then soaped and massaged my feet paying attention to each toe. I never thought that I would enjoy another man kissing and touching me but to be honest, it was a totally sensual experience.

For the first time, I had a desire to bring him as much pleasure as he brought me. "Turn around, Jake. It's my turn to wash you."

"No Tony, you really don't have to."

"Actually I want to and am looking forward to it."

I slowly repeated the process on Jake. I enjoyed running my hands over his body, feeling the muscles in his upper arms. His body felt great and I spent a lot of time on his neck, chest and stomach. He seemed to be enjoying my administrations because he moaned approval. My hands wandered to his firm ass and I soaped his crack and ran my finger over his man hole. When I finally got to his cock, I stroked him and gently washed his balls. His hard cock actually felt good in my hands and I wanted to continue stroking. He had other plans and we washed off the soap and grabbed our towels.

After we finished drying, he took his towel and mine and tossed it into the laundry and we got dry towels to wrap around ourselves and headed out to get some of the food he had made. By now I was very hungry and looking forward to the meal. Our conversation continued as we ate. We enjoyed the better part of a bottle of wine with dinner and by the time we were through, I was looking forward to what was to follow.

When we went back to his bedroom, he took off our towels, grabbed me in his arms, and effortlessly lifted me onto the bed. He got on the bed and was lying on top of me. I could feel his stiff cock pressing against me. We kissed again but this time it was more animalistic on both our parts. Reluctantly our lips parted and he slowly kissed his way down. He stopped to kiss my neck then went on to my chest paying particular attention to my nipples. I grabbed his head and held him close as his tongue flicked across my nipples. I could feel his hard cock against me. I reached down and gently stroked his cock. I was beginning to really enjoy this.

Slowly he made his way down. Jake eagerly explored my body making sure to hit every inch. I never realized how many pleasure points I had until now. He licked my thighs and worked his way to my balls. I never had someone lick my balls and it felt great as he took them in and gently swirled them around. He didn't attack my cock right away. He would massage my chest and gradually brush against my cock teasing me as he re-positioned his hands. When his tongue finally hit the head of my cock, I was leaking pre-cum and beside myself in anticipation. I almost came when his mouth finally engulfed my cock. He got the whole length of my cock into his mouth and slowly started to work up and down. Occasionally he would take it out so he could lick the shaft and swirl his tongue over the head. This was the most sensuous blowjob I had ever gotten from any of my girlfriends. He took his time and brought me to the edge several times before he slowed down so I wouldn't cum. After about 20 minutes of this, I was begging to cum. He took my cock into his warm mouth and in less than a minute I was ready to explode. "Jake," I warned, "I'm about to cum."

Jake didn't pull away. He held me close as his mouth picked up the pace. My body stiffened as my cum blasted into his waiting mouth. Spurt after spurt shot out until I was totally spent. If I had been standing, I knew my legs would have buckled. It was the most powerful orgasm that I ever felt. He held my cock in his mouth until it started to soften. Then he took his hand and gently squeezed out every last drop by milking me from the base to the head. He reached over and his tongue lapped up the last drops. He crawled up and our lips locked in another passionate kiss. I could taste a little of my cum and was surprised that it wasn't unpleasant. It was not the last taste of cum that I got that evening.

After a brief rest, I was eager to return the favor since Jake had not shot his load. I did all the things I could think of that I found erotic and sensual. He was very verbal with his praise so I knew I must be doing a good job. He tried to pull out when he was ready to cum but I held him tight and got rewarded with a tasty mouthful of his man juice which I greedily swallowed. We snuggled and talked for a long time afterward and it felt great to be in his arms.

Jake taught me how much superior a blowjob is when given by a man who is familiar with the sensations instead of a woman who is just performing a cursory blowjob. He said I was a great learner. It was after 11 when I finally got dressed to leave. I didn't get fucked that night but there is always next week.