 Dana leaned against the light post watching the cars go by. Cars would slow and he thrust his hips out slightly in invitation. 

So far tonight he'd already had two takers but at $25 a suck, he wasn't getting anywhere fast. He hadn't been out here in awhile but in the last couple of weeks he'd found himself back on familiar ground. He'd been staying with his brother and his brother's wife but she was pregnant. All Candice's assurances that Dana was welcome and wanted didn't ease his fears and he decided he needed some money for when they grew tired of having him around. 

He was good looking though he was unaware of it. He was only 5'8" and had a slim, swimmers build, smooth chest, long black hair and dark, haunted eyes. He had started on the streets young, too young. Now, at 18, he was an old pro and remained unfazed at the groping, grabbing men who stuffed bills in his palm while undoing his jeans. He had fallen into Josh's hands when he first found himself on these streets and while Josh looked out for him, in some ways, he also controlled him and had a habit of taking more than half of what Dana had earned. He supposed that was why he hadn't said anything to anyone when he came back out here, deciding he should work for himself instead.

Instinct told him to turn his head. You didn't survive the streets this long without developing a sixth sense. He looked and felt himself grow cold though he'd half been expecting this since coming back. Walking down the street, towards him, were Josh and Gavin. Both of them had their eyes fixed on him and neither looked happy. 

Gavin and Josh had started out as friends, years ago as young boys. They began pimping out boys, dealing drugs and other nefarious dealings while still in their teens. Somewhere in those years they had gone from friends to lovers, probably because they both had the same sick desires for power and control over those who were weaker. Of the two, Josh was certainly the more dominant. While Gavin set terror into the boys on the street, Dana knew full well that he was in love with Josh, would do anything Josh wanted, in fact and Josh was the only person he had ever submitted to. Josh was incredibly good looking, the kind of movie star handsome that caused heads to turn. He was 6'4", broad and muscular with sandy blonde hair, pale blue eyes and a cruel smile. Gavin was slightly smaller at 6'. He was part Native and had jet black hair and tan skin. His eyes, however, were a piercing dark blue, cold and vicious. He too was handsome, but in a different way, in the way where you weren't sure if you wanted him to fuck you, or you wanted to run for your life.

Dana straightened himself up and began to walk down the street in the opposite direction. "Dana!" Gavin yelled, his voice was low and rough. "I swear to Christ if you make me run you're going to be even more sorry!" Josh said, his voice even and silky, making the threat that much more sinister. Dana stopped. He knew there was no use trying to run and he knew too, that it would be much worse for him if he did. What he didn't know was just how bad they intended it to be. Standing in front of him, both men imposing and obviously angry, he tried to feign a smile, "What's up?" He knew damn well what was up but figured he would try and play this one dumb. They did not seem amused.

"What the fuck do you think you're doing?" Josh asked. "Since when do you not work for us?" Gavin added. Dana opened his mouth to reply but the looks on their faces made him keep silent. "You owe us," Josh said in a low voice, "I think you'd better come with us now." Knowing there was no alternative but to follow, Dana went along with him, hopping into the backseat of Josh's car and keeping quiet. They didn't take the usual route to Gavin's place but Dana kept silent. Neither of them was speaking either but the grim smiles on their faces said more than words ever could. Dana wondered if they were actually angry or just enjoying an excuse to flex some muscle. 

They drove into a neighborhood Dana didn't recognize and pulled into a driveway, driving the car straight into the garage and bringing the door closed behind them. Gavin and Josh both got out and, deciding he wasn't moving fast enough for their liking, hauled Dana out of the car by his shirt and shoved him into the house. Dana looked around. It was a nice place, nothing too fancy but definitely not cheap. "You got a house?" he asked, surprised.

"We did" Gavin said, smiling faintly. They stepped into a living room. Dana did a quick sweep of the room with his eyes. They were definitely moving up in the world and he wondered faintly how they could afford a place like this. Surely pimping young boys didn't pay this well. He wasn't prepared for the slap that got him square on the cheek and he stumbled slightly, his face stinging and now bearing a red palm print. Josh stood in front of him now, angry and menacing. "What do you think you're doing? You work for us." 

"I'm sorry" Dana said. At this moment he truly meant it. The reality of the situation was beginning to sink in. He knew there was no way out of this and he hoped that the more apologetic and complacent he was, the easier they would be on him.

"How long have you been out there?" Gavin asked.

"Only a couple of days," Dana lied. He pulled out the crumpled money from his pocket, "Look, I've only made fifty bucks." Josh snatched it from his hand and pocketed the money. "You owe us Dana, more than that."

"I... uh..." Nothing he could possibly say right now would make this situation any better and so he stood there, stuttering and wide-eyed. Another open palm across the face silenced him.

"I don't want to hear it," Josh hissed, "You're going to be working extra hard to pay us back until I'm satisfied that we've gotten everything that's owed."

Dana nodded his head, "OK."

Josh's lip curled into a sneer, "Did you think that was all you'd need to say for this to be over? You need to learn a lesson. You don't fuck with us." Gavin chuckled, "Oh he'll learn," he said quietly. "That he will," Josh replied, grabbing a handful of Dana's hair and forcing him to his knees, "I don't think I need to tell you what to do here, slut."

Dana winced as the hand wound tighter in his hair, pushing him forward slightly until his face was almost pressed against Josh's crotch. He could see his jeans bulging and felt his own cock begin to stir, though the fear he was feeling outweighed anything else.

He reached up and unzipped Josh's jeans, reaching his hand inside and pulling out a semi-hard cock. Even not fully hard, Josh's cock was massive and Dana grew a little more excited as he flicked his tongue out over the head. Josh was smirking, a look of contempt on his face. "Suck it bitch," he hissed, pushing his cock up against Dana's lips. He heard Gavin chuckle and, out of the corner of his eye, saw him watching them. This was nothing new, of course. This was the game they played, watching each other fuck boys and getting off on it as much as they got off on fucking one another.

Josh was forcing Dana's head down and let the length of Josh's cock slide into his mouth. His cock was growing harder and he didn't stop, pushing it forward, hitting the back of Dana's throat and causing him to gag. 

This was only met with laughter and Josh thrust his hips forward, forcing his growing cock deeper into his throat, cutting off his air until he felt Josh's balls slap against his chin. He heard Josh moan softly as he held him there, struggling for air, his throat muscles milking the cock as they fought to find some oxygen. "That's it," Josh muttered, "That's a good boy." 

He began to thrust then, fucking his face in earnest now. Dana struggled to keep up, to suck his cock properly but he instead he was simply choking as the cock repeatedly slammed down his throat. Josh was moaning and calling him names and he heard Gavin laugh again, "Fuck that bitch." As if Josh ever needed an invitation, he only began thrusting harder. The assault on Dana's throat brought tears to his eyes and they rolled down his face as his mouth was raped. Josh was thrusting so hard that if he hadn't had his hand on the back of Dana's head, Dana was sure he would have flown across the room. He reached up, attempting to steady himself on Josh's hips but the assault continued. He felt the cock in his throat swelling some more and with a grunt Josh's cum was shooting down his throat, hot and bitter. He gagged some more, feeling lightheaded from the lack of oxygen. 

"Fucking swallow it!" Josh yelled smacking his head as he shot another load. Dana swallowed as best as he could and as Josh slid his softening cock from between his lips he gasped, sucking air into his lungs again. He barely had time to think before he was dragged by the hair over to Gavin.

Gavin grabbed him, his hand replacing Josh's, Dana's shoulder length hair wound in his fist. "You know what to do." Dana reached up and rubbed the front of Gavin's jeans. He was already hard as a rock after watching the mouth assault Dana had just taken. Dana unzipped his jeans quickly and Gavin's cock sprang out, slapping him in the face. Josh and Gavin both laughed as precum oozed across Dana's cheek. 

Gavin's cock was huge, a full 10 inches and so thick around Dana was sure he could kill someone with it. He became aware of just how uncomfortable he was with his own hard-on pushing against his jeans as he slid Gavin's cock into his mouth He swirled his tongue around it, sucking it slowly. Gavin watched him do this for a minute. He was rocking his hips slightly but mostly allowing Dana to do the work. He bobbed his head up and down sucking on the big cock and moaning softly. 

Not unexpectedly, Gavin seemed to grow tired of this and shoved Dana's head down hard, thrusting his cock in at the same time. His cock rammed into the back of Dana's throat and he was sure he was going to pass out this time as Gavin began pumping his cock in and out. He heard Josh laugh and say, "That's it, he likes that, fuck that slut's mouth." Dana wanted desperately to free his own cock but he didn't dare take his hands off of Gavin's thighs where he was bracing himself. He was sure if he did, Gavin's cock would ram right out the back of his skull. 

Air became scarce and he found himself acutely aware of Gavin's thick cock, of the sound of his balls as they slapped mercilessly against his chin, and of Josh's utterances of encouragement for Gavin, or derision for Dana. Without any warning Gavin's cock swelled, cutting off his air completely and another hot stream of cum shot into his throat. He couldn't even gag and he felt the cum slide down his throat and then suddenly he was sucking in air as the next shot of cum landed on his face. Gavin had pulled out and was jerking the rest off onto Dana's face. Another hot stream landed on his cheek as Gavin grunted and cursed at him. He slid his cock into his mouth once more and Dana sucked it dry, whimpering softly as he did. Gavin gave a grunt, half approval, half pleasure and slid his softening dick from between Dana's lips.

Josh spoke now, "We've only just started here. Undress."

To be continued...