 "What is it that you want, Wolf?" Ronan picked up the peach from the table next to the lamp. He took a bite. Wolfgang became enthralled as a drop of peach juice traveled down his chin. Another drip was making a path down his wrist. Ronan swished his tongue at the fluid playfully. 

"Want?" 

"I know that look. I remember it from when we were kids. You're thinking about something you want right now. What is it? What're you wanting?" He climbed over Wolfgang's legs. Ronan straddled Wolfgang's thighs then sat down. He scooted forward, so his balls were nestled at the junction of Wolfgang's legs. 

Wolfgang's eyes roved over Ronan's muscular frame. "I was wanting... for you to kiss me again." 

A smile lit Ronan's face for a second. He took another bite of the peach. 

"Anytime." He leaned forward toward Wolfgang's waiting mouth. Wolfgang leaned up on his elbows to meet Ronan's lips. As soon as their mouths united, he melted for the second time. Ronan tasted like peaches, sexy male, and something he'd been waiting for his whole life. 

Wolfgang's hands zigzagged desperately over Ronan's back. He ran his palms over every inch of his hips, thighs, and ass. He groaned into Ronan's mouth when, between their bodies, Ronan began to fondle his cock. Ronan's hands were rough-skinned, but he liked the coarse texture of the calluses on his palms. Ronan's hand played with his sac, petting, and teasing, then he'd grip his shaft and tugged until Wolfgang had to pry his mouth away to grunt with pleasure. 

When Ronan's lips were free of Wolfgang's, he went to work nibbling on his neck and sucking on his flesh. Ronan pressed the wettest part of the peach on his chest until the juice was gleaming on his skin. When he'd get the sticky liquid on his nipples, then Ronan would use his hot tongue to lick the fruit extract off. 

Wolfgang forgot everything but this moment. Ronan's fingertips scraped his chest and pinched his nipples. His mouth would follow the sting as would the peach. Wolfgang threw his head back and arched his back toward wherever he was being touched. He couldn't help the way he thrashed. Ronan owned his body right now. 

His friend, and now lover, shimmed down Wolfgang's muscular legs, nibbling his chest as he moved. Ronan used the peach on his overly heated skin and made every inch of him even hotter. He toyed with his dick by rubbing the peach along his shaft. More of the juice squeezed out. His tongue rimmed his belly button, and his chin bumped Wolfgang's erection. Wolfgang ran his fingers through Ronan's thick brown hair. He loved the way Ronan tipped his head to the side and sucked on Wolfgang's fingers teasingly. 

Wolfgang was squirming with excitement. He would've done anything to have Ronan touch his penis again. Thinking he'd relieve the pressure that was building, Wolfgang put his hand on his own prick. Before he could get a solid grip, Ronan pushed his hands away. He pinned them temporarily to the pillow next to his head. 

Frustration rose. "Damn it, Ronan." 

"Make your legs wider." Ronan let go of his wrists and dipped his head. He licked right above Wolfgang's shaft as if the act was a promise for more. He chased more of the peach liquid toward the inside of Wolfgang's thigh. Wolfgang moved his right leg. Ronan was now straddling only his left leg. Ronan shimmed lower still until his cock bumped against Wolfgang's knee. 

"I can tell you want to come, Wolf." Ronan's tongue lapped at the base of Wolfgang's member. Peach juice and his pre-cum glinted on his chin. "I'll take care of you. We're together you and me?" His tongue darted out and laved at his balls. Wolfgang sucked in a sharp breath. 

"Yes." Wolfgang hissed when Ronan's tongue slid upward. Right now, Wolfgang would've said anything if only Ronan would touch him. The idea flashed through his head that Ronan could be playing some sort of mean game with him, but he was past caring. He'd stay like this spread for him and covered in peach mush, and he didn't care what happened. He wanted him. Wolfgang wanted whatever they were going to do. He wanted Ronan, badly. He always had. 

Ronan sucked at the base of his penis again then used his hand to squeeze Wolfgang's balls. The pressure was firm but not painful. With a slow swipe of Ronan's tongue, he ran his lips along the head of Wolfgang's cock. 

"I'd never get bored of the taste of you." He lapped at the clear drips still weeping from his tip. Vaguely, Wolfgang heard the peach hit the floor. 

When Ronan started to feed Wolfgang's swollen member past his lips and down his throat, his eyes widened in fascination. Wolfgang was mesmerized by the sight of his engorged dick disappearing into Ronan's mouth. 

Ronan's lips stretched. Eventually, Wolfgang's entire erection vanished into his mouth. When he got to his base, he sucked. Hard. 

Wolfgang threw his head back. A moan of pure ecstasy was ripped from his mouth. He could feel the back of Ronan's throat and the light brush of his teeth. The pulling on his flesh was insistent. The feel of him drew another louder groan from Wolfgang's soul. 

Ronan bobbed his head slipping Wolfgang's shaft almost all the way out of his mouth. When his head would've come out, Ronan sucked back down on the pole again. 

"More." Wolfgang began to plead. "Ronan, please." He tried to use his hands to get Ronan to plunge down faster, but Ronan stubbornly wouldn't change his steady pace. He did suck harder which had Wolfgang's hips rising off the bed. 

The suction continued on and on until Wolfgang thought he would lose his mind. Time stood still. There'd never been anything other than Ronan's mouth, tongue, and hands. 

"Faster, please, Ronan," He tried to beg, but his imploring didn't seem to work. The maddeningly steady pace continued. He rode the edge of his climax. The orgasm was just out of his reach.

Wolfgang's dick glided all the way out of Ronan's mouth. While Wolfgang's prick adjusted to the cool air of the room, Ronan caught his eye. He stared at him as he lifted his head a little way away from Wolfgang's shaft. Once his mouth was empty, Ronan brought his own fingers to his lips. He licked at them and drew on them like he had been doing to Wolfgang's cock. When he was done sucking on them, he slowly slipped Wolfgang's erection back down his throat. 

Wolfgang was going to ask about the finger thing, but then he felt where they'd gone. Ronan was rimming his anus with his wet digits. His other hand still held Wolfgang's balls. Again, Wolfgang tried to shove his hips upward to get Ronan to move more rapidly on his cock. 

Ronan tugged on his nuts. Wolfgang was pinned to the bed. If he tried to lift his hips again, he'd be pulling on his own sack in a way. 

When Ronan had Wolfgang settled on the bed, and the grip on Wolfgang's balls tighten a little more, he began to move his head more swiftly. He sucked harder and drew at his tortured flesh. The feel of the suction, the swish of his tongue at the tip, the gentle probing of his asshole had him mumbling out nonsense words. 

His orgasm was right there. Just a tiny more and he'd come deep down Ronan's throat. So, close... 

"Ronan, I'm going to-" 

Ronan halted. His fingers constricted on Wolfgang's balls. Wolfgang ground his teeth together to keep from swearing. This was an awful game. He halfheartedly attempted to get up, to get out from under him, but Ronan began to suck again. His head bobbing had Wolfgang yielding back onto the bed. Ronan's movements were slow and steady once more. The same up and down worshiping of his dick had Wolfgang powerless to do anything but rock his hips with the pace Ronan set. One of Ronan's fingers he was pretty sure was now further into his ass hole. Wolfgang could feel the pressure and the in and out rhythm. Ronan's finger followed the tempo his mouth was making. His saliva was making him wetter and wetter. Moisture dripped down his balls

Wolfgang's release began to rise a second time. Ronan sucked on him almost viciously the more his cock swelled. The pressure from his finger got stronger. The momentum kept building. Ronan's hands and mouth got faster and rougher. This time Wolfgang wasn't going to tell him he would come. He'd let the explosion grow then rocket him to the moon. His eyes rolled back into his head. A tingling sensation started at his dick, then spread. Yes, finally, one more suck and he would burst. So, close... 

"Yes, Ronan." The words came out of him without his consent.

Ronan froze. His hand squeezed Wolfgang's balls painfully. 

"Damn you." Wolfgang was panting. "Holy Hailstorms." Sweat was coating his body. What was Ronan doing to him? He wasn't sure at this moment if he hated him or not. His eyes dropped down at Ronan who still had Wolfgang's cock in his mouth. He was going to swear at him, but then he stopped himself from saying anything. Ronan's eyes had that delicate quality to them that made Wolfgang forget his own name. 

Name. The idea hit him. Ronan wanted him to use the name he'd always called him. So far Wolfgang had been calling him "Ronan."

Wolfgang stroked his fingers through the other man's wavy curls. He let the smooth tendrils slip through his hands. Ronan loosened his grip on Wolfgang's balls. His head bobbed again, down and up. Wolfgang liquefied back onto the pillow. His eyes drifted closed. The suction began all over again. The silken pressure on Wolfgang's dick, the rocking of his hips, the love that seemed to be winding around his heart. 

Ronan's finger slid deeper into his body. Wolfgang shivered. Ronan's palm was warm on his balls. His saliva was coating his testicles. Wolfgang couldn't help the groan as he started to rock his hips again. Once more his voice was like a catalyst that spurred Ronan to move more swiftly. Ronan picked up the pace. His digit matched the speed. In and out. The orgasm rose again. Wolfgang was trembling. He dug his fingers into the sheets and rode the rhythm Ronan established. He knew he was going to explode. His body was demanding relief. The fire in his veins spread. When he opened his eyes, his vision blurred. 

"Please Nan," He gasped. "Nan, my Nan."

Ronan's finger pressed on something inside of Wolfgang's body that didn't just tip him over the edge, it catapulted him. 

As his orgasm burned him up from the inside out, Wolfgang said "Nan" over and over again like a prayer. His hips bucked wildly. He didn't know if he was choking Ronan or not. Ronan didn't let go of his prick but kept up at his body until all Wolfgang's seed spurted down Ronan's throat. Ronan ruthless drained him until Wolfgang was shaking. 

Collapsing back on the bed dizzy, Wolfgang couldn't catch his breath. The sweat on his body was probably sizzling right now.

Ronan finally let Wolfgang's dick glide from his mouth. Gently, he removed his finger from Wolfgang's hole. He rose up on his knees and started to rub his cock hard in his fist. He pumped his thick member roughly over Wolfgang's belly. All Wolfgang could do was watch. His body felt like someone had stolen all his bones and what was left was a human puddle. 

Ronan's fist pumped faster, then he grunted. His back arched forward. His hot cream spurted out of his shaft and unloaded onto Wolfgang's stomach. Panting, he collapsed next to Wolfgang's shoulder. 

Wolfgang closed his eyes, at peace with Ronan Blackthorn right beside him.