 * * * * * * * * * *

Note: This is a BISEXUAL story. It has male-female sex, as well as male-male sex.

* * * * * * * * * *

Peter had only played spin the bottle a few times. The last time had been while he was still in high school. 

He was sitting cross-legged on the living room carpet, opposite Mark. Peter's wife Kyra was sitting beside Peter, facing Mark's girlfriend Elana.

Last night, Kyra and Elana had pulled him into a steamy three-way. Tonight, Elana and Mark had come over for dinner. They were both good company-charming and entertaining, as well as being sexy as hell. The dinner was great. So were the two bottles of wine.

Peter had been fantasizing about sex with another man since Kyra took his butt-cherry with a strap-on. Now that the time had come, he suddenly felt shy and awkward.

Kyra set an empty wine bottle on its side in the center of their little circle. "Standard rules," she said. "Except, whoever spins the bottle kisses the person it stops on . . . boy or girl." She looked around the group. "Okay?"

They all nodded. Mark was a big black bodybuilder, four inches taller than Peter and 30 pounds heavier-all muscle. He smiled at the growing bulge in Peter's blue jeans.

"I'll start." Kyra spun the bottle. When it stopped, it was pointing at Peter. She laughed and kissed him playfully, using just a little tongue. "Okay, Peter. Your turn."

Peter spun and the bottle stopped on Elana. She leaned over, put a hand on his thigh, and kissed him hard, flicking her tongue against his. She sat back down, leaving him with a MUCH bigger bulge in his crotch.

Elana picked the bottle up and slowly stroked it-running her fingers up and down its body and neck-while looking at the others with a lewd smile. Then, she winked at Kyra, put the bottle down, and set it spinning.

It stopped on Kyra. She laughed and rose to her knees. Elana moved into her arms and kissed her passionately.

It felt like Peter's boner was going to tear a hole in his jeans as he watched Kyra and Elana dirty kissing while rubbing tits and fondling each other's asses. He looked over at Mark. The bulge in the big bodybuilder's shorts was just as big as Peter's.

Mark swatted Elana's butt. "Get a room, you two."

The girls laughed and sat. Kyra spun the bottle. It settled on Mark. She pressed her body against his and tongue-kissed him while grinding her crotch into his and kneading his muscular butt cheeks.

Despite what he'd told Elana yesterday, Peter had been afraid watching Kyra with another man would make him jealous. Instead, he wanted to be in Kyra's place, dirty kissing and rubbing bodies with the big black stud.

"Man!" Kyra pulled away from Mark.

Mark smiled and touched his index finger to Kyra's lips. "Woman." He ran his finger over her chin, down her throat, and between her breasts. They both smiled and then sat down. Mark spun the bottle. It settled on Peter.

Peter stared at the thick green bottle. Its long slim neck was pointing at his bulging crotch. The room had grown hot, his heart was pounding, and it was hard to breathe, like the first time he'd worked up the nerve to kiss a girl.

She'd been waiting for him to make a move and had melted into the kiss. Mark's big strong arms closed around Peter and pulled him into his massive chest. It felt so right. So warm and secure. So fucking sexy . . .

Their kiss was tender-tongues dancing a delicate ballet-and then grew alpha male rough-fiercely thrusting and parrying. Peter growled and ground his bulging crotch against Mark's barely-constrained hard-on. "Fuck!" he gasped.

"You like that," Mark said.

"Oh yeah!"

"WHO needs to get a room?" Elana asked. She and Kyra were side-by-side on their knees with hands between each others' legs, watching the men intently.

"I'm enjoying the show." Kyra kissed Elana. "Aren't you?"

"Sure." Elana rose to her feet and picked the bottle up. "I think the game is over."

"Spin the bottle is over," Kyra said. "But the game is just beginning."

"What game?"

"Hide the sausage."

Kyra and Elana laughed. So did Mark. Peter felt self-conscious for a moment, then joined in.

Mark stood up. "Ready to play?" Peter nodded. Mark unfastened his cargo shorts and let them fall around his ankles.

Peter stared at the giant tent in Mark's thin tight boxers. "Awesome." His fingers traced Mark's cock through the stretched fabric, running up and down its stiff shaft and pinching its head. The cloth near Mark's cock-head was already soaked with his precum.

Mark reached for the waistband of his boxers. Peter said, "Leave them on." He kissed Mark's cock-head through the cloth, running his tongue over the wet spot.

Mark moaned as Peter licked his boxers, soaking the cloth over his cock-head with spit, then moving on down his shaft.

Peter pulled back to admire his work. It was the men's underwear version of a wet tee-shirt contest. The wet cloth molded to Mark's hard-on was almost more sexy than a bare dick. Almost.

Peter pushed Mark's stiff cock into an upright position. Its tip stretched the waistband of his boxers. Peter squeezed Mark's balls and rubbed his cock through the cloth, getting it even longer and harder.

Now, the tip of Mark's cock was sticking out of his boxers. Peter licked his bare cock-head while stroking his shaft and fondling his balls through the tightly-stretched fabric. Mark moaned and ran his fingers through Peter's hair.

Peter pulled Mark's boxers down. He'd seen lots of black men naked in gym locker rooms, but none of them had been sporting massive hard-ons. He unfastened his own jeans, letting his stiff pole snap to attention while he stared at the big bodybuilder's ebony rod. It was an inch longer and a lot thicker than Peter's with a broad bell-shaped head.

"Man!" Peter wrapped his hand around Mark's thick shaft and took his cock-head in his mouth, clamping his lips around its deep corneal ring and swirling his tongue over its stretched skin. It tasted like salt, precum, and sexy primal man.

Peter squeezed Mark's balls and stroked his shaft while licking and sucking his cock-head.

"Yeah!" Mark groaned, kneading Peter's shoulders. "That's right." He grabbed the back of Peter's head. "Now, I'm going to fuck your face." That was scary and exciting. Peter braced himself for an onslaught, and was surprised when Mark started off slowly and gently, pushing his cock-head and shaft deep into Peter's throat, stopping just before reaching the gag point and then gradually withdrawing.

Peter's cock was rock-hard-even stiffer than his first time fucking Kyra's ass. "Come on," he whispered. "I'm ready for you."

Mark went harder and faster. Peter held on, stroking Mark's shaft and kneading his balls, keeping the big black stud's rough cock thrusts under control.

"Fuck!" Mark gasped. "You're so good . . ." Peter sucked and jerked Mark's throbbing pole frantically, eager to make him come.

"No!" Peter was surprised and disappointed when Mark pulled away.

"I've got a big hot load for you," Mark said. "But I'm not going to shoot it in your mouth." He pulled Peter to his feet, turned him around, and bent him over, then slipped a finger into his butt crack and tickled his asshole. "Guess where it's gonna go." 

"Oh yeah!" Kyra said. "My stud husband's going to get butt-fucked." She turned to Elana and kissed her. Both women were naked. Peter had been so busy with Mark that he hadn't noticed them undressing. "Butt-fucked by your sexy boyfriend."

"Fuck me now." Peter reached back and guided Mark's cock-head between his buttocks. "I'm ready."

"You sure?" Mark's tip pressed into the center of Peter's asshole, stretching it open. It felt good at first, but then started to hurt.

"Ow!" Peter tried to pull away, but Mark grabbed his hips, holding him in place. "Guess I'm not QUITE ready."

Mark laughed and patted Peter's butt affectionately. "I admire your enthusiasm."

"That's my sexy husband." Kyra kissed Peter. "Always ready to jump in." She gripped Peter's rock-hard pole. "Come on." She led Peter upstairs. Mark and Elana followed them.

In the master bedroom, Mark kissed Peter roughly. "You better be ready. This time, I AM going to fuck you."

"Good." Peter lay on the bed and folded his knees against his chest, lifting his butt. "Come on. Give me your big hard cock."

Mark knelt between Peter's elevated legs. "You've got a pretty little ass. All ready for a big dick."

"Here, stud." Kyra took the lube out of the nightstand and handed Mark the little squeeze bottle. "Give my husband's asshole a good workout."

Elana bent over the bed and tongue-kissed Peter. "This is so sexy. Mark is going to take your butt-cherry."

"Yes I am." Mark coated his index finger with lubricant and slipped it up Peter's ass. It went in easily. "Nice and tight. Just the way I like it." He twisted his wrist as he worked the finger in and out, distributing the lube evenly.

Peter's cock jerked in time with Mark's finger motions. "Man!" he said. "That feels great."

"Glad you like it." Mark pulled his finger out. "You'll like my cock even more." He slathered his dick with lube and pressed its head into Peter's asshole.

"Oh fuck," Peter whispered. "That is BIG." Mark's cock was a LOT thicker than Kyra's dildos.

"Too big?" Mark pushed in slowly, drawing back slightly when Peter gasped with pain, then proceeding, gradually stretching Peter's tight hole.

"No." Peter stroked his stiff cock as Mark went in deeper. "Keep going. I'm just-" He screamed as Mark's broad cock-head slipped through his anal ring and his long thick rod slammed home. "Oh God!"

"You all right?"

"Oh yeah." Peter let go of his throbbing cock. "Just kinda surprised me." It wasn't just the size of Mark's big heavy pole. Everything about it was different from Kyra's dildo. So much better. Mark's tool was so warm and alive. Rock-hard and yet soft and yielding. So . . . fucking . . . male. "Fuck me now."

"Like this?" Mark drew back slowly, then pressed back inside.

"Yeah." Peter's hard dick jerked as Mark's flaring cock-head rubbed his anal walls. "Just like that."

Kyra was standing beside Mark with her hand on his butt. "That's right. Fuck my husband's ass."

Elana slipped a hand between Kyra's legs and kissed her. "Hot, isn't it? Two men."

"Amazing," Kyra answered. "Even better than I'd imagined."

"I'm glad you girls like the show." Peter looked up at Mark. "Fuck me hard. I'm ready for you now."

"Okay. I'm gonna hammer your ass." Mark pulled completely out, then pushed his cock-head through Peter's anal ring. "Pound it good and hard." He teased Peter's ass mouth with a few more shallow strokes, then got down to serious fucking, pulling out and then slamming home, bouncing his balls against Peter's butt cheeks.

"Oh yeah!" Peter gasped. "That's right!"

Mark grinned. "So you like that?"

"Uh-huh."

"Then you'll really like THIS." Mark grabbed Peter's ankles and pushed them up and over his shoulders, spreading his legs like wheelbarrow handles.

Peter stroked his throbbing cock as Mark rocked his ankles in a wide arc, driving his plunging pole deep into his ass and sending waves of pleasure through his body. "Come on!" he moaned. "Shoot that big dick for me! Give me a big hot-" He screamed as Mark's first hard hot pulse of cum splashed his anal walls. "Oh yeah! Come in me!"

Mark rammed Peter's ass, pumping more cum up his tight butt with each rough thrust. It was even more exciting than Peter had imagined. Thick streams of cum fountained from his cock splashing his crotch, belly, and chest.

Finally spent, Mark slowed to a stop with his dick deep inside Peter's ass.

"Man!" Peter gasped. "That was amazing." He pulled Mark down and kissed him passionately.

"For me, too." Mark's hard cock shifted as he rose to his knees, rubbing Peter's prostate from a different angle. "You've got an amazing ass." He fondled Peter's stiff prick and then ran his fingers over Peter's belly, smearing the cum covering it.

"Hey," Elana said. "What about MY ass?" She and Kyra were standing beside the bed with hands between each others' legs. "You said it was amazing." She slapped his butt playfully.

"It is." Mark kissed his finger and pressed it to Peter's lips, then pulled out of his butt and stood up. "Sexy and sweet." He bent Elana over, then pressed his stiff rod between her buttocks. "And SO eager." He slid his long hard pole all the way up her ass.

"Oh yeah!" Elana gasped. "Fuck my ass now." She fingered her pussy while Mark took her butt with long hard strokes.

Peter stood up and moved behind Kyra. He fondled her breasts and humped her crack while they watched Mark's driving cock sliding in and out of Elana's buns. "God," Kyra whispered. "This is SO sexy." She slipped a hand between her legs and fingered her pussy while grinding her butt into Peter's crotch.

"Yeah. It is." Peter stepped back and kissed her neck. "And its going to get better." He lubricated his stiff dick and pressed its head into her asshole. Her tight little hole resisted briefly, then relaxed.

"That's right," she said. "Fuck me." He did. The rougher he got, the more excited she became, moaning and masturbating as he pounded her ass. Beside her, Elana was screaming, coming hard while Mark butt-fucked her.

Peter's cock was still rock-hard when he pulled out. "Sorry, Babe. It's a little too soon."

Kyra turned around and tongue-kissed him. "That's okay. It was great, anyway."

"And we're just getting started," Elana said. She stepped away from Mark, walking a little unsteadily.

"It was a damn good start." Peter and Mark high fived.

"Jeez," Kyra said. "You guys are still hard." She reached for Peter's cock, then saw the lube and yanked her hand away. "And nasty."

"Aren't nasty boys a good thing?"

"Some kinds of nasty are better than others." She slapped his butt and then pointed to the bathroom door. "Go get cleaned up." She turned to Mark. "You too."

As he adjusted the water, Peter thought about the showers he'd taken after gym. He'd loved being surrounded by naked guys, admiring their hard male bodies and swinging dicks.

He and Mark spent a long time fondling each others' cocks, balls, and asses with soap-slick hands.

Kyra and Elana sat on the counter with their legs spread, playing with their pussies and tits while making lewd comments. When Peter and Mark got out of the shower, their cocks were harder than ever. They bent the women over the counter and positioned their cocks at their pussy mouths, then laughed and slapped their butts.

"We've been performing for you," Peter said.

Mark added, "Now, it's YOUR turn."

To be continued . . .

* * * * * * * * * *

Copyright © 2018 by Ken James

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, organizations, and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, locales, organizations, or events is entirely coincidental.

Please contact me. I love getting feedback and reply to every message.

Thanks to Wayde, my greatest fan, best friend, and husband, for all his love, enthusiasm, and support.

* * * * * * * * * *