 Peter kept thinking about his first time during the drive to Mark's apartment.

He and Janna had been dating for two years, gradually progressing from tongue kissing to mutual masturbation. The last time, in the back seat of his dad's Suburban, he'd pulled her panties down, then eaten and fingered her to orgasm. She'd given him a great blow job. After he'd come, she'd said, "My parents are going to be out of town next week."

"Oh yeah?" He kissed her, tasting his cum on her lips and tongue.

"We'll have the house to ourselves." Her brother and sister were in college.

"All right." It'd be great, making out in a bed, rather than on a bench seat.

Then, she said the words he'd been painfully longing to hear for the past 18 months. "Bring some condoms." He had, and it'd been even better than he'd imagined. She'd screamed and bucked, coming hard as he shot deep inside her.

After a few minutes of post-coital cuddling, she asked, "Want to do it again?" Of course he did. Again and again. They'd used a LOT of condoms in the next hours.

Now, the same anticipation filled him as he drove through the night, occasionally rubbing the big bulge in his jeans.

It was Friday night. Kyra and Elana had left that afternoon. They were spending the weekend in Glen Rose with a pair of Elana's girlfriends, giving Peter and Mark almost two days with each other.

Mark's apartment was in one of the new buildings on North Lamar. Peter parked in one of the visitor spaces and took an elevator to the fifth floor.

The big black bodybuilder opened the door and grinned at Peter. "Is that a pistol in your pocket or are you just glad to see me?" He was wearing a Duke tee-shirt and baggy sweat pants that showed off his own growing boner.

Peter smiled seductively. "Invite me in and see."

"Come on in . . . Sexy." He stepped aside to let Peter pass, then closed the door. A second later, the two men were on each other, tongue kissing roughly while rubbing crotches and fondling each others' asses.

"Oh man." Peter fondled Mark's stiff rod through the clinging cloth. "Your gun is sure hard."

"Sexy guys do that to me." Mark ran his fingers over the big log in Peter's jeans. "You're doing all right yourself." He unfastened Peter's jeans and pushed them down around his ankles, letting his hard dick spring up. "You sure be packin'."

"Let's see yours." Peter pulled Mark's sweat pants down, revealing his ebony pole. It was an inch longer and a LOT thicker than Peter's.

"Wow." Peter wrapped his hand around Mark's massive member. He couldn't quite close his fingers around its thick shaft. "That's even bigger than I remember."

"Do you remember THIS?" Mark put his hands on Peter's shoulders and pushed him to his knees.

"Oh yeah." Peter swirled his tongue over Mark's cock-head, licking up the precum leaking from its tip. "You never forget your first."

"I sure remember my first time." Mark ran his fingers through Peter's hair. "It was with my best friend Billy. We had a day off school. His parents were at work and we were looking at porn on his computer. He pulled his dick out and started jacking off. I felt a little self-conscious, but I took mine out, anyway. After we'd played with ourselves for a while, he asked, 'Want to fuck?'"

"Hard question." Peter licked Mark's cock-head while stroking his shaft and kneading his balls.

Mark laughed. "I was sure fuckin' hard. Just like Billy."

"So, what happened?"

"We stripped and got on the bed. He handed me a bottle of lube, then rolled onto his tummy and stuck his butt up in the air. I didn't have any trouble figuring out what to do next." Mark squeezed Peter's shoulders and rolled his hips, moving his cock in and out of Peter's mouth. "First, I fucked him. Then, he fucked me. It was great."

"Yeah." Peter kissed and licked Mark's balls, then ran his tongue up the big man's stiff shaft. "This is pretty great, too."

"YOU'RE pretty great," Mark said. "Hard to believe this is almost your first time sucking dick."

"You've got a magnificent cock." Peter stretched his mouth over Mark's massive member, then clamped his lips around its corneal ring and lashed his tongue over its head.

"Oh yeah!" Mark gasped. "That's right."

Peter couldn't quite believe how good that thick pole felt stretching his mouth . . . or how much he wanted the whole thing. He took Mark's rod deeper into his mouth, all the way to the gag point. He pulled back slightly, then pressed forward again, taking a little more of the mammoth tool.

Mark held still, gently kneading Peter's shoulders. "That's right. Just take it easy. We've got all night . . ."

Peter's own cock was rock hard and his heart was pounding. This was as new and exciting as the first time he'd slid his dick up Janna's pussy. He went on, taking a bit more each time, until he'd learned the trick. He took Mark's giant pole all the way down his throat, stopping with his lips clamped around its base.

"Damn, you're good," Mark whispered. "Most folks can't do that."

Mark's cock stretched Peter's mouth and filled his throat. Peter panicked for a second when he realized he couldn't breathe, but then he relaxed. He didn't need air. Not right away.

He held out as long as he could, then pulled his head back until he could draw air through his nostrils. He took a few breaths and then swallowed the monster dick again.

Peter held Mark's thick cock deep in his throat until he was running out of air, then drew back, letting the big pole slip out of his mouth. "You like that?"

"Sure." Mark ran his hands through Peter's thick black hair. "It's hard to believe I'm the only guy you've sucked."

"Guess it just comes natural." Peter wrapped his hand around Mark's stiff rod and kissed the big black man's cock-head. "Sure feels good. Like eating pussy . . ." He laughed. "Except kinda different." He squeezed Mark's balls while bobbing over his cock, savoring his raw male taste.

"Yeah, a little different." Mark gripped the sides of Peter's head, holding it immobile. "A pussy can't fuck your face."

"You gonna fuck my face now?" The first time Peter had sucked Mark's cock, with Kyra and Elana watching, he'd been both scared and excited, but more excited than scared. This time, he was just excited.

"Sure." Mark pressed his cock-head between Peter's closed lips. Like before, he started off slowly, pushing his big rod in almost to the gag point and then pulling back until Peter was barely kissing his tip.

Peter closed his eyes to concentrate on the feel and taste of the giant cock stretching his mouth as it slid steadily in and out, gradually gaining speed. It was nothing like eating a pussy, but just as sexy and exciting in an intensely masculine way. He stroked his own stiff pole and played with his nuts while Mark fucked his face roughly, occasionally pausing to push his massive rod deep into Peter's throat.

The tension in Peter's balls was building when Mark pulled away. "No. Please." He released his own dick and wrapped his hand around Mark's rigid shaft. "Shoot in my mouth. I want to taste your cum."

"Sorry," Mark said. "I keep forgetting . . ." He stuffed his stiff dick back into Peter's mouth and fucked his face hard and fast.

Peter held on, kneading Mark's nuts while sucking and jacking his plunging pole, pushing the big man closer and closer to a climax.

"Oh fuck!" Mark gasped. His first hard hot pulse of cum splashed against Peter's tongue, filling his mouth with the big man's gamy male taste.

Mark rammed Peter's mouth, firing shot after shot. Peter gulped frantically, trying to swallow every drop. A little bit escaped his lips and ran down his chin.

"Wow! That was really great." Mark stood motionless, slowly running his fingers through Peter's hair. Peter kept Mark's still-stiff pole in his mouth, savoring its taste and feel. He'd tasted his own cum-on his hand after masturbating and in girls' mouths and pussies, but this was different. Way more intense.

Mark pulled Peter to his feet and kissed him passionately. Peter rubbed his rock-hard cock against Mark's massive erection and fondled the big man's muscular buttocks while roughly thrusting and parrying with his tongue.

"Guess you liked sucking my dick," Mark said.

"Oh yeah. It felt SO good. Making you come."

Mark laughed. "Felt good to me, too." He kissed Peter again. "You know . . . You're kinda my first virgin."

"Virgin?" Peter ran a finger up and down Mark's butt crack, then pressed its tip into the bodybuilder's hot little hole.

"Well, sorta." Mark gripped the base of Peter's cock with his thumb and index finger and cupped Peter's balls with his remaining fingers. "Most of the guys I've been with were pretty experienced." His fingers tightened around Peter's balls. "Even Billy. An older boy taught him how to fuck."

"Is it fun?" Peter asked. "Breaking in a virgin?" He pushed his fingertip a little deeper into Mark's asshole. It probably hurt a little without lube, but the big guy didn't seem to mind.

"Sure." Mark hesitated. "I guess I was expecting a virgin to be kinda shy."

"Maybe if I was still a teenager," Peter said. "But I'm not."

"Bet you always jumped into things." Mark fondled Peter's cock and balls.

Peter grinned. "Well . . . yeah."

"It's my turn now," Mark said. "There's something I've never done."

"What's that?"

"You'll see." Mark slapped Peter's butt affectionately. "Come on. Let's go into the bedroom." He stepped out of his sweat pants and kicked them away, then turned around and started for a door at the back of the combined living room and kitchen. Peter pulled his pants up and followed him, admiring the big black man's rolling buttocks. It was so different from a woman's ass. So sexy and male.

Peter stripped quickly. "What now?"

Mark put a pillow at the foot of the bed. "Lie down." He pointed to the pillow. "With your butt on that." Peter lay on his back with his ass elevated and folded his knees against his chest, looking up at Mark. His hard cock looked as long and thick as a California redwood.

"You're the only man who's eaten my ass." Mark sank to his knees and put Peter's ankles on his shoulders. "Elana's the only woman. And I've never licked her butt."

"It does seem sorta gross," Peter said. "Until you do it."

"Well, yeah." Mark put his hands on Peter's butt cheeks and pulled them apart. "Your asshole is SO pretty." He blew on Peter's asshole, sending bolts of lightning shooting from his anus to his raging boner. "Jesus, your butt is sexy."

Peter's cock throbbed as Mark kissed, licked, and nibbled around his asshole, gradually moving in. Peter moaned and pushed his butt back into Mark's face.

"You like that?" Mark asked.

"Oh yeah!"

"Well, so do I." Mark kissed Peter's butt cheeks and licked up and down his crack, gradually approaching his puckered hole. Peter moaned and squirmed as Mark's flat tongue stroked his asshole. It was hot, wet, and insistent, sending firebolts of sexual energy through his body.

"You like that, Stud?" Mark pointed his tongue and pressed it into Peter's anus, gradually teasing it open.

"Oh fuck!" Peter gasped. "That's so good!" Mark's tongue went in deeper, fucking Peter's ass like a wide flat super-flexible cock.

"Good for me too, Stud." Mark kissed Peter's asshole tenderly, then stuck a finger into his mouth to wet it and pressed it into Peter's ass. It hurt a little, but not too much. He gripped Peter's stiff dick and stroked it slowly while teasing his asshole with his finger.

"How's that?" Without waiting for an answer, Mark pulled his finger out of Peter's butt and replaced it with his tongue.

"Man!" Peter moaned. "I never . . ." Mark's squirming tongue in his asshole and the bodybuilder's hot hand stroking his throbbing pole had pushed him to the edge. "Oh fuck! I'm gonna-" The cum burst from his stiff cock, splashing his belly and chest.

Mark buried his tongue in Peter's ass and jacked his dick roughly, keeping him coming.

Peter pushed Mark away. "That's enough!"

Mark straddled Peter's hips and kissed him passionately. He tasted his own male musk when Mark thrust his tongue into his mouth. "That was SO hot."

Peter laughed, a little shakily. "Pretty good for me, too."

"I can tell," Mark purred. "All that beautiful cum." Mark kissed Peter once more, hard and dirty, and then licked up and down his torso, cleaning the cum off. Every drop. When he'd finished, he stretched out on the bed and took Peter in his arms. "That was great. Even better than I'd imagined."

Peter remembered the time Kyra had blindfolded him. Elana had taken her place and played rusty trombone, jacking his cock while tonguing his asshole. He'd have come explosively if she'd continued a little longer. This time, he had. It was wonderful, just as wonderful as a big powerful man holding him after an overpowering climax. Somehow, that made him feel little and helpless, but still intensely male.

"You're such a stud." Peter wrapped his fingers around Mark's rigid pole. "I never got off like that before."

"It was sure fun," Mark answered. "Making you spew like that."

"Know what I want now?" Peter stroked Mark's hard-on slowly, running his fingers over its broad head.

"You better want a good hard butt-fucking." Mark flipped Peter onto his back, then gripped his ankles and pushed them up over his shoulders. "'Cause that's what you're getting."

"Oh yeah." Peter lifted his butt higher, pressing his asshole against Mark's cock-head. He was a little scared, remembering how that thick rod had stretched him when Mark had taken his virgin-with-a-man asshole, but mostly excited. "Fuck me. I want . . . need . . . your big hard cock."

Mark took a squeeze bottle of lube out of the nightstand drawer and coated his index finger with the thick gel, then pressed his finger into Peter's asshole. He twisted his wrist while moving his finger in and out, distributing the lube evenly.

Peter's stiff cock jerked while Mark fingered his asshole. "Come on," he gasped. "I'm ready for you."

Mark grinned and pulled his finger out of Peter's butt. He squirted a big blob of lubricant into the palm of his hand, caressed his stiff pole briefly, and then pressed his swollen cock-head between Peter's buttocks.

"Oh yeah!" Peter moaned. Like before, the pressure as Mark's big rod stretched his asshole was intense. It hurt-a lot-but felt great at the same time. "Give me your big cock." He pulled on his knees, drawing them closer to his body and lifting his ass higher.

"Damn! You've got a hot ass." Mark pushed in slowly, drawing back slightly when Peter tensed up and then advancing again.

Even without touching his own hard dick, Peter was close to coming as Mark's broad cock-head stretched his ass. "Fuck!" he cried as the big pole slipped through his tight anal ring and plunged into his depths. His cock throbbed, but it was too soon to shoot again.

Mark held still. Peter could feel the big man's bulging balls and scratchy pubic hair pressing against his butt. "You like my big cock." He pulled out slowly, then pushed back in, just as slowly, sending waves of pleasure through Peter's body.

"Oh yeah!" That monster rod felt even better than the dildos on Kyra's and Elana's strap-ons. It was warm and alive, attached to an incredibly sexy big black bodybuilder. "Fuck me. Good and hard."

"Oh, you're gonna get it good and hard." Mark pulled completely out of Peter's ass and then pushed back through his tight anal ring. He did it a few more times, going faster and harder with each thrust.

"Fuck!" Peter moaned. His cock jerked violently each time Mark's big rod pierced his asshole. "That's so good."

"Good for me, too. Your hot tight ass." Mark grabbed Peter's ankles and spread his legs wide, like wheelbarrow handles. He rocked Peter's ankles, swinging his butt up to meet his driving rod.

"That's right!" Peter cried. "Pound my ass." His body shook every time Mark's pelvis slammed into his buttocks.

The tension in Peter's balls built steadily as Mark hammered him. "Come on, Stud!" he gasped. "Shoot a big load! Right up my ass!"

Mark growled like an enraged bear, fucking Peter even harder and faster. "Here you go!" Cum exploded from his plunging pole, splashing hard hot pulses against Peter's anal walls. He rammed Peter's butt over and over, shooting more cum each time he drove home.

"Damn! That was good." Mark held still, with his thick dick still deep inside Peter's overstretched and overworked asshole, looking down at Peter with a sleepy smile on his face.

"Awesome," Peter whispered. His cock was still as stiff as a steel rod and its head was shiny with precum. That pounding had felt wonderful.

Mark let go of Peter's ankles and Peter lowered his feet to the mattress. "You didn't come." He wrapped a big hand around Peter's swollen shaft and rubbed his index finger over its cock-head.

"Nope." Peter ran his hands over Mark's muscular chest and pinched his nipples between his thumbs and index fingers. "Not yet."

"But you will." Mark pulled his rock-hard cock out of Peter's ass. It gleamed with lube and traces of cum.

"Damn straight." Peter said. "I'm ready to shoot a big load up your hot ass." His dick was already hard, but it got even stiffer while he looked Mark over, admiring his handsome face and big muscular body.

"How do you want me?" Mark asked.

Peter thought about it. Last time, he'd fucked Mark from behind. The sight of his cock sliding in and out of the big man's luscious chocolate buns had been amazing, but he wanted a different view this time. "Ride my cock."

"All right." Mark straddled Peter's hips and picked up the little plastic bottle. He spread a line of lube along his index finger and then slid his finger up his asshole. He twisted his wrist while moving the finger in and out, spreading the lube. He pulled the finger out, added more lube, and stuck it back up his butt, then smeared lubricant on Peter's stiff dick.

"You got a big ass cock." Mark positioned himself over Peter's rigid shaft and guided its head into his asshole.

"Not near as big as yours."

"You're still bigger than most guys . . ." Mark rolled his hips slowly, gradually stretching his hot tight hole around Peter's swollen cock-head. "And I'm mostly a top."

"Just take your time." Peter held still, letting Mark control the penetration. "I'm not in any-" Mark's asshole slipped over Peter's knob and his butt slid smoothly down over Peter's length. "Wow!"

Mark tightened and relaxed his anal muscles, clamping and releasing Peter's rod. "Your cock feels so good." He raised and lowered his butt, slowly moving Peter's cock in and out of his asshole.

"Feels good to me, too." Peter rolled his hips, matching Mark's motions. "Fucking your sweet ass."

Cowgirl position with Kyra was always so good. He'd fondle her heavy bouncing breasts and play with her rolling buttocks and gaping pussy while she rode him. Mark was just as good, bouncing on Peter's dick, gradually gaining speed. His asshole gripped Peter's rod as tightly as Kyra's pussy or ass.

"You're such a fucking stud." Peter ran his hands over Mark's bulging chest muscles. They were hard like armor plate, but warm and slightly yielding. It was so different from Kyra's big tits and hard nipples. So totally male and overpoweringly sexy.

"So are you." Mark lifted his butt high, almost letting Peter's dick slip out of his ass, then drove back down.

"Ride 'em cowboy." Peter moved his hands down to Mark's arms, digging his fingers into the big man's bulging muscles. Peter was a big guy, but Mark's size still made him feel little and helpless. Somehow, that was a big turn-on.

Mark went harder and faster. Peter stroked Mark's stiff dick and fondled his chest and arms as the tension in his nuts gradually increased.

"Oh!" Peter gasped when Mark lifted his butt too high and Peter's cock slipped out of his ass. Mark gripped Peter's shaft to guide it back inside, but Peter said, "No. I'm ready to do something different."
