 I would like to thank everyone for all of the wonderful feedback the I received for part 1, I hope you enjoy this as well. All characters in sexual situations are 18 years of age or older.

Chapter 1

First I should explain the title Pederastic Eromenos this refers to a young male lover. Pederasty is generally erotic practices between an adult and adolescent male, where as eromenos is the young lover. Though this has been documented through out the ages, the most famous of such relationships took place between Roman Emperor Hadrian and his young Greek lover Antinous. This afar ended tragically when Antinous drowned in the river Nilus (Nilus is Greek for the River Nile), but rest assured this story does not.

Too much time had past since Jean and I had last been with one another. After our weekend together, our schedules had kept us apart for the better part of two weeks, an eternity to a horny teenager. I received a call on Wednesday evening, a full ten days since we had parted, it was Jean and he had a wonderful idea. Jean asked if I could possibly skip class the next day and join him in New York where he worked. I could not resist, and quickly devised a way to miss my classes the next day.

Jean told me that he would arrange it to appear as if I was a student interviewing for an intern position with the company. He gave me the address and told me to meet him there at 10am the next morning. I quickly went back to my room and grabbed my assignments that were due the next day and ran across campus to drop them off in my professor's mail boxes. I left a note with each saying that I had to rush home for the weekend that a relative was sick. I stupid story, but what else could I think of quickly, especially since I was not thinking with my brain at that moment.

The next day I awoke early, showered and dressed and headed to get the bus. I took an early one to make sure that I arrived on time. I had to deal with the millions moving about on a crowded work day in the city. I found the office building that Jean was working out of and took the elevator to the 22nd floor. I signed in at the reception desk and was given a visitors pass. Soon Jean arrived to greet me, and for a moment there I almost forgot where I was. Thankfully I could myself as I almost moved in to kiss Jean. Instead we shook hands and he showed me around the place. There were three different board rooms on the floor and it was filled with the offices of the company's executives and it also housed the company's in house legal staff. 

Soon we were down on the 12th floor where Jean worked out of, it was sparsely manned as I was told the human resource department had recently moved. It was now used as a training site for the company's IT department and a place where they stuck visitors on long and short term assignments. Jean introduced me to several of his co-workers and then proceeded to actually interview me for the position. It must have worked as soon no one paid the least bit of attention to us. 

Jean ended the interview and told me to walk out of his office ahead of him and head for the main doors on the floor near the elevators. A minute or two later he joined me, and directed me to follow him to the other side of the floor. This area was all but abandoned and we quickly went into a small conference room, with Jean shutting and locking the door behind us.

Once inside he took a moment, just looking at me, then he moved towards me and took me into his arms. We kissed passionately for several minutes, as his hands roamed my body. He then had me moved back against the large desk in the middle of the room. Prompting me to climb up, he quickly started to loosen my pants. In no time at all, as if driven by a hunger that I had not seen in him before, my pants were on the floor leaving only my shoes and socks on from the waist below.

Jean took me into his mouth and sucked me down his throat. Our love making had now turned to that of wanton lovers, no more of the extreme gentleness of a first timer. I was able to last a bit longer than the first time he did this to me, but the pleasure was too much and I finally exploded into Jean's mouth. He took everything and left no traces behind. 

As I laid there regaining my senses, Jean reached into his pocket and took out a very small tube, then rubbed the contents all around my opening. Jean worked a finger into me, then a second. He was gently pulling my ass opening from side to side, trying to get it ready so his entry would not hurt. What he did not know was that I did not need anything, my excitement was enough. Jean unbuckled his belt, then lowered his pants to just below his ass. He placed his cock at my entrance and without warning entered me.

My joy had returned to me, I felt so good to be joined with Jean again, filled by his love. Jean wasted no time, he was pumping into me like a mad man. He reached out and grabbed into my thighs, clutching them very tightly keep me in position for his love assault. I really loved the fact that I had such an effect on this wonderful man. Soon I heard Jean let out a grunt, reserved due to our current surroundings, as he emptied into me. Jean relaxed his grip upon my legs, and steadied himself, getting his legs back under him. Unfortunately he next pulled out of me, leaving me empty inside once again.

We cleaned up as best we could, Jean had no problem, but I had some of Jean leaking out of me. Jean gave me his wipe, and I used it to line my underwear. Jean gave me a kiss then opened the door to peek out. We were alone, so he motioned me to leave first, and we headed towards the men's room. Once inside a stall I was able sit on the toilet and clean myself. Jean kissed me once more before we walked out of the men's room, but then we had to part again. 

Before I left he asked me about that weekend, and I told him that I was free if he was. Jean led me back to the elevators and told me he would call me later that night. I headed out of the office building after our short time together, headed back towards the bus stop, I realized that I had forgotten to return the visitor's pass. On the ride back to school I reflected on our morning together, I was very happy that he had worked me into his busy schedule. As a private joke, I also wondered if this was how a mistress felt, waiting for my man to call ready to me him at a moments notice. 

I do not know why I started to consider my role in this relationship, but at the time new things were popping into my mind, sometimes at the most unsuspected moments. When I returned to my dorm, all alone again, I spent the rest of the day in deep thought trying to come to a certain conclusion in my head. The question I needed to answer was, "was I gay", or was it just that I was in love with Jean. Coming from my background were everyone was straight, straight laced more like it, in fact I never witnessed my parents in any sort of sexual activity. This was something that was never even considered in my family's household.

After an early dinner that I hardly touched, my mind occupied by my current situation, I decided to visit the library. Lucky for me, I only had to spend about an hour lounging around before most of the other students filtered out. Once I was reasonable alone, I found a book on human sexuality. Back then there was no internet available, so one still had to sneak around in order to try and find answers. Picking up several large books to cover up my true selection, I headed for a section at the back on the second floor which had desks which were like mini-cubicles for privacy.

I started reading about the history of homosexuality and how it was accepted in many ancient cultures as a norm, and that it was not until recent times in western society that it had turned into a taboo. I read how it was widely accepted by the ancient Greeks, in early Asian cultures and in fact many Indian tribes in Latin America. Next I started reading about culture and law changes over the past few centuries and how prejudices had developed especially in the West and Middle East.

I had gotten caught up in the book for a while when I realized that it was after 8 o'clock and that Jean normally called around 9. I put most of the books back, but hid the sexuality book on top of a shelf so that I could access it later. I went back to my dorm, and soon enough Jean called and asked if I was still available that weekend, always the gentleman. Yes of course was my answer, then Jean surprised me and said that he would pick me up the next night so that I did not have to take the train. He told me to be ready around 8, I said quite moronically "it's a date". Why did I say something so stupid? Jean just laughed and we said our goodbyes.

It was still early for me and my mind was restless so I headed back to the library, thankfully it is open until midnight during the week to allow the students to study, despite the fact that few use the place at night. I went back to my desk and took out the book once again. This time I turned to a section on actual sexual activity. This is where I first learned about what is a top, a bottom and yet how others prefer to be versatile. It said that a bottom is the receptive partner, taking on a submissive role. Funny, I did not see myself as being submissive, yet when I thought about it in the correct context I understood. Personally for me it was just that is how Jean and I shared our private pleasures.

I left the library that night with my eyes open, open to a new realization that despite the fact that I was not ready to classify myself as gay, if I was it was no problem. I would wait to see how things developed with Jean, but one thing I would never do was to regret even one moment spent with this special man. I did not have to weigh coming out to my family or friends or anything like that, it was not the time nor had I reached that point. The hard thing to put into words, is that entire process that one must go through or in my mind "endure", during their formative years when trying to come to grips with their feelings and emotions.

Chapter 2

I awoke the next morning, longing for the time when Jean and I would be together again that evening. I looked outside and it was beautiful autumn morning, the light was just filtering into my room. As I was alone as usual, I found no shame in relieving myself, I needed to. I next headed to the shower to clean myself off, yet just thinking about Jean made me do something I had never done before. Risking permanent ridicule if caught, I masturbated again that morning, this time in the shower.

I went through my normal routine that day, an early class then lunch. I spent the afternoon playing basketball and trying to keep myself under control. I feared that I would have handled myself until I was raw if I had gone back to my dorm room. I had dinner, then packed for the weekend, and ended up sitting outside waiting for Jean just after six that evening. I was going crazy with lust and desire I guess, thankfully though Jean had left early, and was pleasantly surprised when he arrived just before seven and saw me waiting outside for him. I quickly hopped into his car, without a care whether or not anyone had seen me do so. 

Once we were in the Jean's car driving I quickly noticed that we were not headed back to New York, instead of getting on Route 1 to catch 95, we were on another Central New Jersey road headed towards the Pennsylvania Turnpike. When I asked, Jean said that he had a surprise for me and that we would spend the weekend away from both his place and school. We were headed into Pennsylvania towards Valley Forge. Soon Jean was driving on Route 276 heading towards the historic site where Washington and his troops spent that historic winter.

We arrived at the place, a bed & breakfast that was built in the early 1700's. The place had three different guest rooms, all with different themes. Our room was actually a Victorian themed room with a large brass queen size bed and private bath and shower. It was nice as it was the only room with a private entrance, which put me at ease, as it would seem pretty strange in my mind for a couple of our sex and age to be booked at a bed & breakfast. 

Jean signed us in as I took our bags to the room. As I had a few minutes before Jean joined me, I read a pamphlet about this historic place. The place had a pre-revolutionary kitchen from which breakfast was served each morning, the house sat on a four acre spread with surrounded by open fields on three sides and a wooded area in the back, which promised privacy for those guests wishing to take strolls. The pictures in the pamphlet looked incredible, it was hard to tell the real thing that time at night. I had been to other places in Pennsylvania before, so I knew the scenery in the fall was beautiful, I had just never been to place that was private grounds like this before.

Jean made it to the room just as I was finishing reading about the place. He sat down on a chair next to the desk that I was at to rest, and asked me what I would like to do that weekend. He told me that we could stay on the grounds or travel about the area. I mentioned that I would feel more comfortable staying at the place, maybe walking the nature trails and such; actually I would have been happy spending the entire time in bed. 

It took us a while to unwind from the trip, Jean needed a few minutes after driving for the better part of four hours. We watched some TV, and then Jean went into the private bath to freshen up. When he returned I finally asked him if the woman at the front desk had said anything or not. He told me no, and that they only had one other room booked for the weekend, so they must have been happy just for the business.

So afterwards Jean and I found ourselves lying on the bed, sans our clothing. I could tell that Jean was a bit tired, so we just rubbed and touched one another for a time. Finally we ended up in a sixty-nine position, as I took him into my mouth first and started to suck away. A few minutes later, Jean joined the fun, he was such an expert. I was so horny, that I finished up in a surprisingly short amount of time. I then turned my attention back to satisfying my man. I was starting to get the hang of it, I found that it took awhile to get comfortable, funny you would think a man would be a natural just knowing what he would like done to himself.

I started to massage Jean's balls as I picked up the pace of my oral assault. I tried to take him deeper into my mouth, but I was no where near experienced enough to deep throat him. Looking back though, Jean did not seem to mind. I brought his manhood out of my mouth and then started to slowly lick from the base of his cock near his balls up to the tip. I could tell that he really enjoyed this by the way his hips started to buckle, I did this a few more times before taking him back into my mouth. I could not believe that I was enjoying giving another man oral sex so much. Something I would have never thought that I would have done in my lifetime, had now turned into a passionate desire, I wanted no needed to bring Jean to the point of ecstasy.

I kept up my assault for a few more minutes, if I was not for my youthful lust I would have had to stop as my mouth started to really get tired. Finally I brought Jean off. I did not plan for it to end like it did, but I had just took him as far into my mouth as I could when he suddenly pushed forward and came. As a natural reflex to keep from choking , I swallowed everything as fast as I could. Jean was very pleased, and we snuggled up together, and talked about our plans once again. Soon sleep was taking over, and Jean brought my head down upon his chest, and that is where I awoke the next morning.

Chapter 3

The served breakfast early at the place, cooking each meal to order, as a result we did not enjoy each others bodies first thing the following morning. Jean and decided upon what we wanted, and Jean went done to the kitchen to retrieve our order. While he was gone, I took the time to shower and get dressed for the day. When Jean returned he seemed a little disappointed by the fact that I had dressed, but I was still a little embarrassed by our surroundings, and wanted to make an early exit to the grounds. The breakfast turned out to be very good, when we finished we traded places as I returned the dishes as Jean showered. I was thankful that I did not have to socialize with anyone, I was able to just deliver the tray to the kitchen and immediately walk back to our room.

Jean and I walked the open grounds that morning, they had several arrangements of flowers, shrubs and small trees, I guess it was interesting. We saw several others during this time, so we kept a respectable distance from one another, not that we had held hands as we walked through the city two weeks earlier. I suggested that we walk the nature trail, as it may offer more privacy. Jean and I quickly hiked in that direction. 

The trail was nicely kept, and it was nice to see all the different color leaves on the trees. We soon found ourselves a good distance from the house and I had kept watch to see if there was anyone else around. I finally grabbed a hold of Jean and tried to lead him off the trail. He took a moment to look around then willingly submitted to my lead. We walked about fifty yards off of the trail and the ground descended down a hill. This was perfect. It was a little chili by this time of year, even though the sun was shining bright, yet at that moment I would not have cared if we were out in the middle of a blizzard.

I kissed Jean, then dropped to my knees willingly. I looked up into his eyes looking for approval, wow what affect this man had on me. Jean granted me approval and I unzipped his pants and took him out through his fly hole. He did not get an instant erection, maybe it was the cold, maybe the surroundings, but I quickly corrected that taking him into my mouth once again. Jean had in two very short weeks turned me into a lover who willingly offered up all of my body for his pleasure when ever he wanted.

Squatting there with Jean's cock in my mouth, I did not have the convenience of time or comfort. While performing oral on Jean, I was also trying not to get my pants dirty or leave any outward traces of our activities. Soon though I had gotten so into it, that I kind of forgot, only moments later realizing that my knees were once again rubbing against the ground. I thought of something new, and started to run my tongue up and down the underneath of Jean's shaft, right along the vein that protruded slightly from his penis. This caused Jean to shiver slightly, and I know that it had the effect that I was hoping for. Jean then reached out and grabbed a hold of my head with great force, and started to fuck my mouth with great vigor. I surrendered myself to him at that moment and tried to keep my tongue down as much as possible to allow Jean access for the deepest penetration.

I did not hear Jean when it was that time, instead I knew he had climaxed when I felt little shots of his cum landing in my mouth. The first hit the back of my mouth, right where my throat opened, the second was during a recoil of sort and landed dead center on my tongue. I had learned very quickly how to swish every thing around, and also swallow consistently, even with a pumping cock in my mouth, as nothing would spill out.

Jean was very happy to say the least. He pulled his pants back up and ran his fingers around my mouth as if to wipe away anything that I had missed. I was a little disappointed that he did not drop to his knees and give me the relief that I needed at that point, my cock had almost broken free of my pants it was so hard. Jean just playfully gave me a squeeze and told me to wait for later. We started to walk back up to the trail when I noticed that there were dirt stains on the knees of my pants. This gave us both a laugh, yet at that moment more then ever, I was very happy that our room had a private entrance.
