 I was turned on from sucking another man's cock and Jack noticed my hard-on. "Well looky here, the little peeper is hard. Let me do something for that." He reached down and grabbed my cock and gave it a couple of strokes. I was really getting turned on by this older man stroking me and thought I would cum any minute.

"Here sit down in this chair." Jack commanded me. I sat down and he immediately took my whole cock in his mouth. It was amazing, his hot mouth and rough five o'clock shadow rubbing against my crotch only intensified my pleasure. Jack licked my shaft in long strokes and then went down and sucked my balls into his mouth. I was delirious when he somehow rolled my balls in his mouth with his tongue. He obviously wasn't a novice. Jack then lifted my legs up over his shoulders so that my ass was sticking out and he licked under my balls. I was feeling a little freaked because no-one had ever gone below like that before, but he grabbed my cock and started pumping it while his other hand rubbed my balls. He went lower and lower until I felt him on my asshole. He licked my brown button until I could feel my cum just boiling inside my balls. He must have sensed that I was close because he pulled back.

"No no, not yet there stud." He grinned up at me, "I have something special in mind for you." I became a little worried at this in my vulnerable position he could easily start fucking me, and as much as I licked getting sucked I didn't want to go that far. 

Jack went back to my cock, showering my head with kisses. He pulled back my foreskin and liked my head which was super sensitive. He teased my slit with quick licks and then took my whole member in his mouth. He was sucking hard and I was getting close again when I felt his finger push up my ass. I backed up a bit on the chair in pain but Jack had a firm grip on me. After a minute I started to relax and I could feel his finger move in and out of me. It was an incredible sensation which doubled when he put another finger inside me. 

"See, you don't know what you will like until you try." Jack said amid licks. 

I was starting to really loosen up and enjoy being finger fucked and sucked by a man my father's age. I felt my ass get a little slimy but I thought it was just from Jack's fingers in my ass. Then out of the corner of my eye I noticed it, a black nightstick covered in lube.

"What the fuck is that!" I yelled at him a second too late. The searing pain made me feel like I was going to pass out as Jack rammed the stick into my virgin ass. I screamed and tried to move away from it but no luck, I was impaled on it and Jacks grip on me was tight. 

"Your tight ass is going to get the fuck of its life" Jack snarled at me. I felt like my ass was going to split apart, the pain was unbearable. Then Jack started pushing it in further, I winced in pain. 

"No, please, no more, it hurts" I pleaded with him to no avail. 

"Relax, it won't hurt so much."

I tried to relax my anus but it still hurt. Then Jack grabbed my cock and started pumping it again. I had totally lost my hard-on and was starting to feel sick but Jack kept on fucking me with his night-stick and then bent down to suck my soft dick. His soft tongue on my cock-head started getting me hard again.

Gradually the terrible pain subsided a little and Jack renewed his sucking and thrusts in beat. I could feel the stick push its way deep inside my stretched ass. 

My cock was actually beginning to come to life with his tongue helping it along the way. 

Jack started using his other hand to beat himself off while he fucked me. Most of the pain was gone now and I started feeling close to cumming again. Then Jack started ramming the night-stick really hard and fast while his tongue and mouth licked and sucked my hard cock. 

"Talk dirty to me you little bitch or I will split you open with this stick."

I nervously said "oh, yeah, fuck me big boy, ram that stick in my ass."

"Mmmm, good, more, more,"

His breathing came in short gasps and I knew he was close too. "You are such a good lover. Suck my young cock, lick my balls, mmm, yeah that feels good, oh wow you are such a good fuck. You really know how to break in a tight ass."

I couldn't hold out any longer but I wanted to cum in his mouth, "suck me stud!" I shouted and he engulfed my cock in his hot mouth. "Oh, oh, oh, fuck me!" I could feel the night-stick ramming deep into my ass as Jacks mouth deep-throated my stiff cock.

I exploded into Jack's mouth and he sucked my cum without missing a beat. I could feel his mouth fill up with my cum and it sprayed out of his lips and all over us both. He licked my head and sucked the last few drops out of my twitching cock. His hand on his cock beating furiously until he let out a long moan. 

Then he slid the night-stick out of my ass and looked at it, "8 inches of hard wood, not bad for a first time. It's a good warm up for my cock." Jack said with a cum covered grin.

I was spent. He was right, it was the fuck of my life and I was already thinking of the next time and the new world that had opened up for me.