 * * * * * * * * * *

Note: This is a BISEXUAL story. It has female-female and male-female sex, as well as male-male sex.

* * * * * * * * * *

Kyra and Elana looked at Peter and Mark in the mirror, then turned to each other and kissed.

"The boys want a show." Kyra straightened up and put her hand on Elana's butt. "Is that okay with you?"

Elana laughed, moved into Kyra's arms, and kissed her passionately. "Play with my Virgin Princess?" She glanced at Peter and Mark. "While our guys watch?" She tongue-kissed Kyra while kneading her muscular buttocks. "I guess that'll be all right."

"Virgin?" Peter asked. "That's a surprise."

"Elana's my first woman." Kyra smiled. "I played around with my best friend when we were 13. Just kissing and touching. But then, we got into boys."

"You were an eager virgin." Elana took Kyra's hand and led her out of the bathroom. "Learned really fast."

Peter fingered his rigid cock as he watched the women walk away. "Man. They are so fucking hot."

Beside him, Mark was just as hard. "You're pretty hot yourself, Bubba." He slapped Peter's butt. "Come on. Let's go."

Elana lay on the bed. Kyra straddled Elana's hips and kissed her lips and face, then moved down to her breasts, kissing, licking, and sucking her erect nipples. "God, Baby," Elana whispered. "That's so good. Like always." She opened her legs, revealing her glistening pussy. "You've already got me so wet."

"My sexy Queen." Kyra knelt between Elana's spread thighs and lowered her face to the darker woman's vulva.

Peter's cock grew even harder as he watched Kyra lick up and down Elana's slit, gradually opening her pussy lips.

"Yeah," Elana moaned. "That's right." She squeezed her breasts and tugged on her hard nipples while Kyra pushed her tongue deeper into her pussy. "Eat my snatch."

"Damn!" Mark's rumbling baritone seemed to shake the room. "This is the hottest thing I've ever seen." He stroked his long stiff ebony pole as he stared at the women on the bed.

Peter looked from Kyra and Elana to Mark and back, not sure which was sexier. Kyra was kneeling at the foot of the bed, flaunting her pussy and asshole. He was ready to push his hard dick into one of those hot little holes, but he couldn't forget how good Mark's massive member had felt pounding his ass. "Is this your first time?"

Mark looked surprised and a little embarrassed. "Uh . . . Yeah." He hesitated and then said, "It's just been one-on-one. 'Till tonight." It was hard to tell with his dark skin, but Pete thought he was blushing. "We can't all be men of the world."

"I'm not all that sophisticated," Peter said. "Last night was my first time with two women. And they kinda tricked me." He looked at the big black snake rising from Mark's crotch. "And you're the only guy."

"Ever?" Mark looked surprised. "You sure took my dick easy."

"Kyra's fucked my butt with a strap-on. Scared me at first, but then it felt great. Same with your cock. It's bigger than the dildo, but I managed."

"You managed real well." Mark took a step toward Peter. "You've got a sweet hot tight-" He broke off when Elana started screaming.

Elana shook and mauled her breasts while Kyra sucked her clit and worked a finger in her pussy. Her screams got louder and she arched her back when Kyra added a second and then a third finger.

"Damn!" Mark wrapped a big hand around his rigid pole.

"Man!" Peter moved beside Mark, touching hips, then grabbed Mark's hand and moved it to his own stiff dick. They stroked each others' hard cocks while they watched Kyra finger-fucking Elana roughly, twisting her wrist while working her fingers in and out, keeping her coming.

"That's enough!" Elana gasped. She collapsed on the bed, breathing hard.

Kyra straightened up and grinned at the men. "You like that show?"

"Oh yeah!" Peter said. Mark just nodded.

Kyra looked at Mark and Peter fondling each others' stiff dicks. "You guys have got your own show going on."

"Well . . ." Peter slid his hand up to the top of Mark's shaft and rubbed his thumb and index finger over the big black man's broad cock-head. "Kinda."

Elana got up on her knees beside Kyra. "You studs want to play with each other?"

Peter kissed Mark and then turned back to Elana and Kyra. "Technically . . . We ARE playing with each other." He and Mark rubbed cocks while dirty kissing and kneading each others' buttocks.

Kyra and Elana stood up. "So . . ." Elana pointed to the bed. "Keep playing." She kissed Kyra. "We want to watch."

"All right." Mark sank to his knees and wrapped his hand around Peter's hard dick. "You gave me a great blow job. Now, it's my turn."

"Oh yeah," Elana said. "Suck him." She and Kyra moved closer.

Mark looked up into Peter's eyes. "God, you're a stud." He kissed Peter's tip and then took his swollen cock-head in his mouth.

"Yeah. That's good." Peter ran his fingers through Mark's short tightly-curled hair while the big bodybuilder stroked his shaft and sucked his cock-head. "Real good."

Elana moved behind Peter and plastered her body against his, flattening her breasts and pressing her hard nipples into his back. "You guys are hot." She ground her pelvis into Peter's buttocks and kissed the back of his neck.

"They sure are." Kyra knelt behind Mark and gripped his stiff pole. "A pair of sexy studs."

Mark kneaded Peter's balls while bobbing on his shaft, gradually taking more of it into his mouth.

Peter felt like he was dreaming, except his dreams weren't THIS exciting. Elana ran her hands over his chest, pinching and twisting his nipples. Kyra fondled Mark's big hard cock while the big man sucked Peter's dick aggressively.

"This is great." Peter stroked Mark's cheek, feeling the slight roughness of his beard stubble. "You really know how to handle a dick."

"Glad you like it." Mark gripped the top of Peter's shaft and tongue-lashed his cock-head.

"Oh man!" Peter groaned. Mark licked down Peter's shaft, then kissed and licked his balls, sucking one and then the other into his mouth.

Mark released Peter's balls, moved back up his shaft, and bobbed over his stiff pole. Peter was amazed as Mark took his rod deeper and deeper into his mouth, finally stopping with his lips clamped around the base of Peter's cock and Peter's balls pressed against his chin.

Kyra and Elana pulled away from the men and moved to watch the action. "Wow." Kyra put her hand on Mark's shoulder. "Deep throat."

Peter rocked his hips, slowly moving his stiff cock in and out of Mark's mouth. The big man took it. The whole thing, from tip to base. "Man," Peter whispered. "You are one hell of a cocksucker." He gripped Mark's head to hold it in place and went a little faster. Mark took Peter's whole length.

"That's right!" Elana moaned. She and Kyra were standing with their legs spread and their fingers in their pussies, leaning forward to watch the men. "Fuck his face."

Peter got a little rough, driving his hard-on in and out of Mark's eager mouth. The black stud took it, aggressively sucking Peter's plunging pole and squeezing his balls. This was different from sex with a woman. Primal male. Liberating. The old rules didn't apply.

The tension built in Peter's nuts. He wanted to hammer Mark's face mercilessly and shoot hard hot pulses of cum down the big man's throat. Instead, he pulled his throbbing cock out of Mark's mouth.

"What now?" Mark asked. "Want me to bend over?" His big stiff rod was rock-hard. A steady stream of precum was leaking from its tip and running down its shaft.

Peter shook his head and pointed to the bed. "Get on your hands and knees."

Mark moved into position. His reflection in the mirror mounted on the wall behind the head of the bed grinned at Peter. "Come on. I'm ready for your cock."

"Oh, I'm gonna fuck you all right." Peter stroked his hard-on while he stared at Mark's stiff cock, heavy balls, and the little puckered hole between his sculpted buttocks. "Fuck you good and hard." He fondled Mark's butt cheeks, slowly running the palms of his hands over the smooth chocolate-brown skin. "But there's something else first."

Peter sank to his knees, put his hands on Mark's butt cheeks, and pulled them apart. The body builder's asshole DID bear a fanciful resemblance to a rosebud.

"You dirty boy." Kyra patted Peter's butt. "Go get him."

"Oh yeah." Peter kissed, licked, and nipped Mark's hard male buttocks, gradually approaching his butt crack. The big black man's ass-muscular in a different way than a woman's-was irresistible.

Peter ran his tongue up and down Mark's crack and licked his asshole with broad flat strokes. Mark moaned and squirmed, grinding his butt into Peter's face. "Jesus, that's good," he whispered.

Mark's moans grew louder when Peter pulled his ass cheeks open wider and pushed his pointed tongue into his anus, gradually teasing it open. He bucked and growled, pushing back as Peter thrust his tongue in deeper, fucking Mark's ass like a wide flat wet super-flexible cock.

Peter stood up and patted Mark's butt. "You've got a fine ass. Now, I'm gonna fuck it."

"All right." Mark arched his back, pushing his buttocks toward Peter. "Come on. I'm ready for you."

"This is so hot," Kyra said. She took the little squeeze bottle out of the nightstand drawer and handed it to Peter. "My stallion is going to butt-fuck a big black stud."

Peter coated his index finger with lube and slid it up Mark's ass. It went in easily. The big bodybuilder's cock jerked as Peter fingered his asshole, occasionally pulling out to add more lube.

"Looks like you're ready." Peter slathered his stiff rod with lube and pressed its head into Mark's puckered hole.

"Oh yeah." Mark locked eyes with Peter in the mirror. "Give me your big hard cock." He stroked his stiff dick and rolled his hips as Peter eased forward, stretching his tight asshole.

"Man! You've got a tight-" Peter's cock-head suddenly slipped through Mark's anal ring and he drove home, bouncing his balls against Mark's butt cheeks. "Damn!" He drew back and then pushed in again. "Fuckin' tight asshole." He fucked Mark slowly, pulling almost out and slipping back into his depths.

"Jesus, Bubba. You got a big-ass cock." Mark swung his hips in time with Peter's slow thrusts. "It feels great."

"Better than my strap-on?" Elana's voice startled Peter. He'd been so focused on Mark that he'd forgotten about the woman. He jerked his head around and saw them standing beside the bed. Elana was wearing an oversized cock-and-balls dildo attached to a heavy black leather harness. Peter recognized it from last night.

"Sorry, Babe," Mark answered. "But yeah. A real cock is better."

Elana laughed. "I know that. But my strap-on is still pretty good." She turned to Kyra. "Isn't it, Princess."

Kyra ran her fingers over the big dildo. It looked like a real cock, flesh-colored with a big bullet-shaped head, but it was longer and thicker than Peter's stiff pole. "It'll do. When you can't get the real thing." She stepped over to Peter. "Like when your guys are busy." She watched Peter's cock slowly sliding in and out of Mark's ass. "And you're kind of busy right now."

"Well, yeah." Peter pulled out completely and then drove his cock-head back through Mark's tight anal ring. "I guess I can only fuck one hole at a time." He stabbed Mark's ass a few more times, then settled down and fucked him steadily, slapping his pelvis against the black stud's butt cheeks.

"That's why she has me." Elana bent Kyra over the bed and slid the big dildo into her pussy.

"Oh yeah!" Kyra braced herself with her palms on the mattress and rocked in time with Elana's thrusts while she watched Peter pound Mark's ass. "Fuck me, Baby! Good and hard!" She moaned. "The way Peter is fucking Mark."

"Up your ass?" Elana went faster, slamming the dildo's balls against Kyra's vulva.

Kyra rocked harder. "Not this time. I'm so close-" She screamed and shook, coming violently while Elana hammered her snatch. "Oh fuck, Baby! Oh fuck!"

The cum was boiling in Peter's nuts as he rammed Mark's hot tight asshole. "Got a big load for you, stud."

"Shoot it, Bubba!" Mark gasped. "Shoot your big gun up my ass!"

"Oh God!" Peter groaned. "I'm coming." Both men screamed as Peter hammered Mark's butt, shooting another thick pulse of cum with each rough thrust.

"Wow!" Peter stopped with his dick buried deep in Mark's asshole. It felt even better than Kyra's pussy or even her ass. Hotter and tighter. Maybe that was just his imagination. Butt-fucking Mark while Elana pounded Kyra was the sexiest thing he'd ever done.

"That felt great," Mark said. "Your big hard cock, shooting all that hot cum up my ass." He turned his head to look at Elana. "Your strap-on can't do that."

She laughed and patted his butt. "I'll get a squirting dildo, if you want."

Mark shook his head. "It wouldn't be the same."

Kyra said, "Nothing compares to cock." She pulled away from Elana and crawled across the bed to Mark. He rose to his knees, keeping Peter's stiff dick inside his butt, and kissed her.

She wrapped her fingers around Mark's massive hard-on. "You didn't come."

"Nope."

"Want to fuck me?"

"Oh hell, yeah." Mark slipped his hand between her legs and cupped her vulva.

Kyra looked at Peter. "Is that okay?"

Peter pulled his dick out of Mark's ass and stood up. "Go ahead." Peter had been afraid he'd be jealous. Instead, he was horny as hell, even after shooting a big load up Mark's butt.

"Good," Kyra said. "Elana's wanted us to have a three-way with me and Mark. I needed to be sure you were all right with it."

"Oh yeah!" Peter's cock was still rock-hard. "I want to watch our big black stallion hammer you."

"Great." Kyra stroked Mark's stiff pole while he worked his finger in her pussy. "Now that's settled . . ." She fell back on the bed, then spread her legs and lifted her knees, pulling her hot pink slit open. It glistened with her juices.

Mark lowered his face to Kyra's crotch. "Not now," she said. "Just fuck me. I really need your big hard cock."

"All right." Mark gripped his stiff shaft and guided his cock-head into Kyra's folds.

"Jeez," Kyra moaned as Mark slid his giant pole into her. "You're a fuckin' giant."

"Too big?" Mark took Kyra with one long slow slide, stopping with his balls pressed against her vulva.

"Oh no!" Kyra laughed. "It's bigger than Peter's cock . . ." She looked over at Peter. "Sorry, Babe."

"That's all right," Peter answered. "I like his big dick, too." He patted Mark's butt.

"Good." Kyra smiled up at Mark. "Come on, stud. Slam my snatch."

Mark fucked Kyra slowly. Peter stared at the big black man's long thick dick sliding in and out of Kyra's pussy.

"You're sure hard." Elana wrapped her hand around Peter's stiff rod. She'd taken the harness off while he'd been watching Mark and Kyra.

"Uh, yeah." He kneaded Elana's breasts and pinched her nipples while she played with his dick.

Elana turned around and bent over. "Fuck my ass."

"Okay." He smeared lube on his hard cock and pressed it between her buttocks. It went in easily.

"Yeah," Elana said. "Fuck me. Good and hard. I'm ready for a rough ride."

Peter hammered Elana's hot tight asshole while Mark pounded Kyra's pussy. The women's screams and the men's grunts filled the air.

"Oh God! Oh fucking Jesus!" Kyra screamed, coming hard.

Elana was screaming, too. She rocked her hips, driving Peter's plunging pole deep into her ass.

"Yeah!" Kyra cried. "That's right. Give me your big hot load."

Mark grunted rhythmically as he plowed her pussy. "Like this, Baby?"

"Oh Jesus! Yeah!" Kyra screamed and thrashed. "Fill my snatch with your hot cream!"

Elana came violently while Peter rammed her ass. The tension was building in his own nuts, even though he'd just come. "Oh man!" he groaned as the cum exploded from his throbbing cock, splashing her hot tight anal walls.

* * *

That was it for Kyra and Elana. They fell asleep, tangled in each others' arms. Peter and Mark covered them up, then took a quick shower and went downstairs.

They got beers out of the refrigerator and settled on the living room couch.

"Man, that was great." Peter put his hand on Mark's thigh. The big black man's dick stiffened.

"Yeah. For me, too." Mark closed his hand around Peter's swelling rod. "Group sex is even better than I'd imagined."

Peter and Mark kissed passionately while fondling each others' hard-ons. "This feels good," Peter said. "REAL good."

"It sure does," Mark agreed. "It's so intimate."

"Tell you what." He kissed Peter again. "Next time Elana and Kyra spend the night together, let's have a stag party. Just you and me."

To be continued . . .

* * * * * * * * * *

Copyright © 2018 by Ken James

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, organizations, and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, locales, organizations, or events is entirely coincidental.

Please contact me. I love getting feedback and reply to every message.

Thanks to Wayde, my greatest fan, best friend, and husband, for all his love, enthusiasm, and support.

* * * * * * * * * *