 I was in my last year of high school in a small town when it happened. I would frequent the public library to check out the books about sex. While reading the books and looking at pictures I would need to relieve my hard cock. I don't know how many times I jerked off in the bathroom of that library. On Thursday nights the library would stay open until 9 and it would be pretty empty. There was one librarian that I would always watch, I had a crush on her and had fantasized about her many times while stroking myself silly. After a while of watching her I got up the nerve to pull out my cock behind a row of books and stroke myself while I was watching her. I always hoped she saw me and it would turn into a porn movie. But it never happened. 

I had been doing this for over a month now and I don't think she noticed me once. She may have just thought I was some weirdo. There I was, 270lbs, 5'11, black hair, green eyes, a body from working construction in the summers, with my cock out stroking in the middle of the library. I was feeling good, just thinking about bending her over the checkout desk when I heard a voice that paralyzed me.

"What have we here?" It was Jack the security guard, he was in his mid 40s with slightly graying hair. 

"Oh, I'm so sorry." I replied as I stuffed my cock back in my pants. "Please don't tell anyone." My dad work for the city council it would be over for hi if this got out, not to mention that he would kill me.

He looked at me and then at my crotch, "come with me," he said. I had no choice but to follow him to my doom. 

The gorgeous librarian looked at me as Jack escorted me to the security room in the back corner of the building. 

Jack closed the door and locked it behind him. He came up behind me and breathed in my ear, "So, feeling a little horny in the library? You are a sick young man. What if a child saw you? Yes, yes, definitely a sick boy if I ever saw one." I could feel his hot breath on my ear, it was sick, this old man seeing me jerk off. How long was he watching? 

"Listen, please don't say anything. I'll never do it again I promise." I pleaded with him.

"Well I'm sure something could be worked out." He said with a grin. I thought he was going to have me scrubbing toilets or something. "How close were you to cumming before I interrupted you?"

"What?" I stammered, not exactly the question I was expecting. 

"I was watching you for a while you know. I first saw it about 2 weeks ago and I've been watching you ever since. You have a nice cock." Jack reached down and grabbed my dick through my pants. 

"What are you doing? Get away from me you pervert!" I shouted at him and went to the door.

"What are you going to do leave and have me call the police and show them these surveillance videos?" He was holding a couple of videotapes in his hand. I could feel the blood leaving my face, I knew I was fucked if those got out. 

"Give them to me!" I demanded.

"First you are going to have to give me something and one complaint and I call the cops." I thought about my options and decided it was the only thing I could to keep this a secret. "You are going to give me a blowjob." He started undoing his belt and pants. I had never even thought about sucking another guy and I was grossed out by the idea of doing it to Jack. "Take your shirt and pants off, I want you in just your tightie-whities and get over here and get on your knees."

I dropped my shirt and jeans on the floor and went over to him. "You are going to like this," he said as he dropped his boxers. I looked at his cock and immediately thought there is now way I am getting it into my mouth. He was much bigger than me, maybe 8 or 9 inches long and thick as my wrist almost. Jack was still in good shape for being an older guy. He was tall with short brown hair balding a little on top. His pubic hair was trimmed into a little V and his big balls hung on either side of his even bigger cut cock. 

I got on my knees and looked at his package. I could smell his musky ball sweat, "Ok now just like an ice-cream, lick it up and down," he told me. I opened my mouth, wondering what my first taste of cock would be like. My tongue touched the tip of his cock. It was smooth and fleshy. I swirled my tongue around in little circles on his head and underneath, then ran it up his slit. I could hear Jack's moans as his rod started to get hard. I grabbed his balls and massaged them for a minute before going back to licking. I was surprised by how much I liked licking his cock, so different from a woman, I knew just what to do that he would like, because I liked women doing it to me. 

"Where did you learn to suck cock so good, you're no first timer," Jack moaned. 

"No really this is my first time." I replied. I went back to his cock. I opened my mouth and started licking his shaft up and down, flicking the tip quickly each time I came up. Then I decided to take the plunge, I opened my mouth as far as I could and sucked his cockhead into my mouth. 

"Oh, yes that is good, take it, take it all" Jack whispered breathlessly. I didn't know if I could, but Jack's hands resting on my head slowly eased it into my mouth. I slid his massive cock into my mouth as far is it could go and then pulled it out and dove in again. I grabbed the base of his cock and squeezed him hard. I could feel him hitting the back of my throat making me want to vomit just before pulling out. I started stroking his cock while sucking him. Jack started bucking his hips back and forth and his hand had crept down to my chest and was playing with my nipples. I could feel my own cock press against my underwear and wet with precum.

I started licking faster now, my nipples were getting a workout from his fingers, being pulled and twisted. I went down and licked his balls tasting his precum and salty sweat at the same time. It didn't taste bad at all. Then I went to his cockhead again and licked around it and the slit and sucked on it bringing out a bit more precum. "Oh, that feels good boy, you're doing a great job. I am getting close here, now you have to swallow everything or there is no deal." 

"Well, I don't know, I'll see what I can do," I replied and kept on sucking. I grabbed Jack's ass in both hands and let him guide his cock into my mouth. His hands on my head were pressing hard and I thought I might pass out. I sucked in and out as fast as I could and jerked him of with one hand with the other on his balls rubbing and squeezing. I could feel his cock tense up and I knew it was time. I started sucking hard and fast sometimes using my teeth. Jack grabbed my head and rammed his fat cock down my mouth, I felt myself gag and then felt a stream of cum hit the back of my throat. I kept sucking and started swallowing, my mouth already full of his sticky cum. Some dripped down my mouth and onto my chest, but I continued to swallow it down. I sucked the last bits of cum out of his cock and then licked the head clean. 

When I looked up he had a huge grin on his face, "Wow, you sure are something boy, we are going to have to do this again sometime." 

"Not if I can help it." I replied. I liked it, but it wasn't something I was going to start doing all the time. 

Part 2 to come soon.