 I had been on this particular gay dating site a few months and had had a couple of nice little meets, but one guy I didn't fancy kept coming up. His name was Rob and he seemed to think he was the world's leading expert on fucking men. I wasn't interested in him, and told him so, but he kept popping up with friendly chat that would inevitably end with a request to penetrate my arse, plus declarations of undying devotion.

He just wasn't my type. Slim and short. I like my men big and heavy. But I didn't block him because I got along with him pretty well.

One day I had a message from him.

"You free tonight?"

"Yes, why?"

"I need someone to come with me for a threesome. It's a guy whose fantasy is to have two men. His boyfriend is usually there but he's away."

I said okay, because you never know. It might be fun.

Rob picked me up at seven and we drove a few miles out of town to a small village where this guy, Brendan, lived. It was a big house in spacious grounds, with lawns at the front and an enormous garage, where Rob drove straight in, having been admitted by the electric gates.

"He's okay," Rob assured me. "You can let him suck you or whatever. He's into everything."

Brendan showed us into a big sun lounge at the back of the house. There were two large leather sofas and an assortment of chairs. It was summertime and quite warm out there. And it was still light.

We sat around and had a couple of drinks. Rob was wearing baggy shorts and I had noticed he had no underpants on. He was on duty in his capacity as seducer, so he had no reason to be subtle, I suppose.

Brendan was a camp old guy with grey hair and a large stomach. He was wearing a striped short sleeve shirt and pink slacks -- an old-fashioned gay mincer who didn't mind being seen as such, as it advertised his tendency and invited men to admit their own.

After a while Brendan went over to Rob's chair and knelt by it. He slid a hand up Rob's shorts and giggled. Rob took the shorts off to reveal a large, uncut cock in a pale, shaven area. He sat down again and Brendan took the cock in his mouth, murmuring little cheeky remarks.

"It's a lovely evening for a bit of waterplay," he said to both of us guests. "Rob, shall we go on the back lawn? You can come too," he called to me as they left through the French windows."

I stayed where I was and helped myself to another gin and tonic. I watched as Brendan knelt on the lawn and Rob stood tall behind him before pissing onto his back and into his crack. Then Rob stopped and they giggled together before both turning to me and waving for me to join them. I ambled out, not wanting to seem too keen, but quite turned on by this display of something I had never seen before in real life.

"Rob's run out of juice," Brendan said. "Do you have any we could use?"

I had never been invited to urinate before, but I felt a little pool within, so I took out my cock and pointed it at Brendan.

"Oh, take them off," he scolded. "Don't be a spoilsport."

I duly undressed completely, to a chorus of approval from both of my companions. Rob had been longing to see me naked. I had shown him pictures of my cock online, of course, and early on I had even taken a quick one of my arse, me crouching with the camera underneath, which was what had sparked his obsession with fucking me.

Now I was here in the flesh and in a very sexy situation, I could see by his erection that he was excited. I, on the other hand, couldn't get hard or I wouldn't have been able to piss.

Brendan knelt facing me and closed his eyes as if he expected me to piss on his face, so I did. It felt odd but not unpleasant, kinky but kind of natural. Brendan opened his mouth and moved closer so my fountain could get inside his face.

As my stream subsided, Brendan turned back to Rob, who was ready with some lube. This was obviously a well-rehearsed routine, with me standing in for the boyfriend.

Brendan knelt doggie style and Rob mounted him expertly. The old man grunted as Rob's large dick entered his arsehole, and they both moaned happily as the fucking took place. It didn't take long, but by the end I was rock hard.

Brendan crawled over and sucked me.

"Your turn," he said.

"You kneel again, then," I said.

"No," he explained. "After I've been fucked by Robbie here I expect to see him do somebody else."

I looked at Rob and he shrugged like it wasn't his fault.

"I know, he's told me you don't trust him," Brendan said. "But I'm here, I'll look after you. And he's very good. You should let Rob bugger you."

I was very turned on by that point. It wasn't that I didn't want to be buggered. It was true, I didn't trust Rob. I didn't trust him not to become more obsessed than he already was. The way he carried on online was like some costume drama romance in which I was the innocent girl adored by the hungry, lustful but devoted man.

" Can we have a word?" I said to Rob, and we popped indoors to thrash out the rules.

"You can fuck me," I said, "And if it's good we might do it again some time. But I'm not looking for a relationship."

"Understood," he said. "I promise."

It seemed quite ludicrous to be having such a conversation naked in a sun lounge of someone else's house in the middle of a sex session, but it had to be done.

"Let's do it in here," Rob said, taking over, as this was his area of expertise. I sat on a sofa as he went outside to get the lube. He returned with Brendan, who cooed, "Ooh, how exciting! Let me see you kiss."

Rob sat beside me and wrapped himself around my body.

"He's a great kisser, isn't he?" Brendan said. I had to admit he was right. Rob kissed tenderly, excitingly. He knew exactly what to do and his wandering hands were very clever too. He was turning me on to critical level.

"Kneel up there," he said, indicating that I should lean on the arm, sideways across the sofa. I did so and Brendan came across to help with the lubing. He smeared it sensuously between my cheeks, making sure to stimulate me gently as he did it. Then he slid a finger into my hole and, with Rob handling my cock, I very nearly came there and then. These guys really knew what they were doing.

Brendan continued with his finger in my arse while Rob disappeared to the bathroom. While he was away Brendan kissed me too, with a long, naughty tongue that somehow conveyed a wish for me to fuck him some other time, possibly later that night.

The way I was feeling by that time, anything was possible.

Rob returned with a condom on his cock and lube on that. Brendan moved aside to give him room, but stayed within touching distance.

Rob got behind me and licked my crack. Brendan got in front somehow and sucked me. I was in serious danger of coming before I was ready. I wanted to be entered while in this state of arousal, not afterwards.

Then suddenly Rob was all businesslike and efficient. He knelt behind me and pushed that beautiful big, hard penis into me. Brendan was masturbating as he watched, and then he reached over and started doing that to me with the other hand. I felt like Roman royalty, being attended to by two skilled servants.

Rob's cock inside me was the most intoxicating feeling I had ever known.

"How does that feel?" Brendan asked softly. "Doesn't Rob have the most virile cock? You're a lucky man."

Rob did indeed have a very virile cock. It was as if he felt it was his role in life to insert his rigid, thrusting member into the anal cavity of men like me, men who had only recently admitted to themselves that they liked it -- no, that they loved it, needed it, had to have Rob fucking them regularly. That was certainly how I felt at that moment. I loved the fact that I was on my knees, being sodomised by an artist, a virtuoso who could play my arse like a violin. Rob was everywhere, filling every inch of my insides, it seemed, and running his fingers around my skin, feeling my balls, tickling the edges of my crack even as his shaft plunged in and out of it.

He seemed to have stopped adoring me and moved on to systematically pleasuring me in the way he knew best.

"Are you going to come inside him?" Brendan asked excitedly, his finger now in Rob's crack and still tossing himself.

"You come in his face," Rob said, and Brendan moved to enable this. I hadn't been asked for my approval, but that was part of the thrill. 

Brendan masturbated and soon his spunk erupted from his cock and splattered over my face. Brendan's spunk was warm and runny on my face, the ammoniac smell in my nostrils and the taste trickling into my mouth through my parted lips. That turned Rob on so much that he in turn ejaculated riotously inside me.

I was simmering, ploughed, facialed and beautifully sullied. I started to wank and Brendan somehow got his face in the way and took over, directing my semen into his mouth. Then he and Rob sat back on the sofa and smiled.

"Did you like that?" Rob said with a grin. "Do you want me to fuck you every day?"

"Every day," I said. "You can fuck me whenever you want."