 Peter was nervous as he and Mark walked into Smokin' Ruby's, the barbecue place on the ground floor of Mark's apartment building.

Even as a horny teenager, he'd never been into casual sex. Girls had hit on him in high school and college, but he'd politely turned them down. He had to get to know her first. He and Kyra had dated for a month, seeing each other almost every night and getting steadily more intense, before going all the way.

Kyra had tricked him into sex with Elana. With Mark, it had taken a long dinner, two bottles of wine, and a kissing game. So, he wasn't sure about a three-way with Mark and Jeff Baker, his old college roommate.

"Tell you what," Mark had said. "We'll meet Jeff for lunch. Eat some barbecue, drink a few brews, watch a little sports, and talk. If you feel okay about him, we'll come back here. Otherwise . . . No harm, no foul."

Peter's doubts evaporated as soon as they walked into Smokin' Ruby's. Jeff was a slim white guy with a swimmer's body, unruly curly black hair, bright green eyes, and an infectious grin, wearing a skin-tight tank top and skimpy running shorts.

They talked while they ate. Peter and Mark were sitting side by side, facing Jeff. Mark's knee pressed into Peter's, giving him an instant hard-on. Sports were playing on the flatscreens spaced around the room, but the guys didn't really notice.

"You want another beer?" Jeff asked.

"Yeah." Peter exchanged a glance with Mark. "But I'd rather have it upstairs."

Jeff's perpetual grin grew wider. "That'd be all right." He stood up. "I gotta take a leak first." He headed for the bathroom.

Peter felt an unusual pressure in his own bladder. He guessed it was the beer combined with nerves. "Me too." He followed Jeff into the bathroom.

Jeff pulled his running shorts down and took his cock and balls out of his briefs. They stood side by side at the two urinals. Peter couldn't help looking at Jeff's pole. It was long and thick, although not a monster like Mark's.

Jeff saw him looking. "You like it?" His dick was getting bigger.

"Oh yeah." Peter's rod was hardening, too. He finished peeing and shook the last few drops away, then turned to face Jeff.

Jeff had a full erection. "I'd kinda like-" He looked over at the door. "But the place is too crowded." He stuffed his hard-on back into his bikini briefs and pulled his running shorts up.

"Well . . ." Peter was sure he was blushing. "I'm not ready for that, anyway." He put his dick back in his jeans and zipped up, leaving his gun in firing position.

Jeff laughed and put his hand on Peter's crotch. "I've never done it in a public restroom." He ran his fingers over the tightly-stretched fabric. "But it is tempting." He grabbed Peter's shoulders and kissed him. Hard. Then, he stepped away and slapped Peter's ass. "Come on. Let's go."

"Yeah," Peter said. "Mark's waiting."

Mark was standing by the back door. "You guys get better acquainted?"

"Some," Peter answered. Jeff just kept grinning.

"All right." Mark opened the door. "Let's ride." They walked down a long hall. One side was glass, showing the building's central courtyard and swimming pool. In the elevator, the three men kissed and groped each other until they reached the fourth floor. 

The elevator stopped and the door opened. A college-age woman was standing there, dressed in a jogging outfit and holding a black Great Dane on a leash. She smiled at the men, gazing at their athletic bodies and lingering on the bulges in their pants. "Oh, sorry. I was going down . . ." She let the phrase hang in the air. ". . . but I pushed the wrong button."

"That's okay." They all kept smiling as the door closed.

"She was hot," Mark said. "Think she wanted to join us?"

"Kind of looked like it," Peter answered.

Jeff slapped Peter's and Mark's butts. "What a pair of sluts!" The elevator stopped and they got out. "I'm gonna have my hands full with you two."

"More than just your hands are going to get filled." Mark patted Jeff's ass, then turned and started down the hall.

"I know." Jeff ogled Mark's rolling buttocks as he and Peter followed the big black bodybuilder. "That's why I'm here."

In the apartment, Mark asked, "Ready for those beers?"

"Later," Jeff said. "Right now, I want to see your big fat cocks."

"That's my horny roommate." Mark unzipped his cargo shorts and took his dick out. It hardened instantly. "Always ready to go."

"Oh yeah." Jeff wrapped his hand around Mark's hard-on. "I've been dreaming about you."

"Even with all the guys in New York?"

"Uh huh." Jeff turned to Peter. "Now you."

"You sure you want to see this little thing?" Peter's pole was still sticking straight up inside his jeans. "It's not near as big as Mark's."

"Plenty big enough." Jeff pulled Peter's zipper down, then reached into his jeans and took his cock and balls out. "And fuckin' hard."

"You're pretty hard yourself." Peter put his hand on Jeff's crotch, feeling his swollen dick through the clinging cloth.

"With a couple studs like you two?" Jeff pulled Peter's body against his and kissed him hard, with a dirty tongue. "Damn straight!"

Mark stepped behind Jeff. "Ain't nothin' straight about you."

"That leaves more pussy for you bi guys. You mind?"

"Nope." Peter unfastened Jeff's shorts and pulled them down. "I love your briefs." He was wearing a tight orange bikini with a front and back but no sides. "They're so sexy." He rubbed Jeff's crotch bulge through the tightly stretched cloth. "I like my presents gift wrapped."

"I aim to please." Jeff fondled Peter's stiff dick and caressed his balls. "Especially when I've got two hot men to play with." He took his shoes off and stepped out of his shorts, then sank to his knees and gripped Peter's and Mark's rods. "I'm going to suck your big hard cocks." He licked and kissed Peter's cock-head while stroking his shaft, then shifted over to Mark.

Mark grinned at Peter. "Good, isn't he?"

"He sure is," Peter answered. Jeff shifted back to him, taking his rigid pole deep in his throat. "This is so exciting."

"Yeah," Mark said. "I love watching him suck your cock."

Jeff let Peter's hard-on slip out of his mouth and grinned up at Mark. "I love sucking two sexy guys." He went back to Mark and swallowed most of his long thick shaft. "A pair of studs."

"Jesus," Mark whispered. "That's so good."

Jeff stroked Mark's shaft while licking and sucking his balls, then moved back to Peter. He alternated between the two men, squeezing their balls and sucking their cocks aggressively. Then he pulled their bodies close and took both their dicks in his mouth at once. Peter couldn't believe how good it felt rubbing his cock-head against Mark's while Jeff's talented tongue lashed their swollen poles.

"My turn." Peter pulled Jeff to his feet. There was a big wet spot in his stretched bikini briefs.

"You gonna suck me now?" Jeff took his briefs off and tossed them away.

"Not exactly." Peter grabbed Jeff's hips and turned him around. "Bend over."

"You gonna fuck me?" Jeff reached back and pulled his butt cheeks open. "We'll need lube."

"I'm going to fuck the hell out of your butt." Peter sank to his knees. "But there's something else first." He licked up and down Jeff's crack, savoring his mysterious male musk.

"Jesus!" Jeff moaned and squirmed as Peter pressed his flat tongue against his asshole and wiggled it back and forth. "That's so fucking good!" Jeff arched his back like an overheated woman as Peter lashed his asshole with his tongue, alternating between licking up and down and side-to-side.

Peter curled his tongue into a point and pressed it into the center of Jeff's little puckered hole, teasing it open with the tip of his tongue.

Jeff moaned, bucked, and pulled his butt cheeks wide, opening his asshole and letting Peter push his tongue in deeper. "Oh fuck yeah! Eat my fucking ass!"

Peter reached between Jeff's legs and stroked his stiff cock while tongue-fucking his butt. "Oh God!" Jeff gasped. "I'm so fucking close . . ."

Peter pulled his tongue out of Jeff's asshole, let go of his throbbing pole, and kissed his butt cheeks. "Not so fast. I've got something else for you. Something big and hard."

"Oh yeah," Jeff said. "You've got me so hot. Now, give me your cock."

"Plow his ass," Mark growled. The big bodybuilder's long thick brown pole was as hard as an oak tree. "Give his hot little hole a real workout." He handed Peter a tube of lubricant. He was naked. Peter hadn't noticed him undress or retrieve the lube.

Peter stripped hastily, then lubricated his stiff cock and pressed its head into Jeff's asshole. His anal muscles resisted briefly, making Peter work for it. Then they relaxed and he slid home, all the way to his balls. "You've got a nice hot tight ass. Feels as good as it tastes."

"Feels good to me, too." Jeff's asshole clamped Peter's rod. "So long and thick." He looked at Mark. "Not as big as Super Stud here, but still great."

Mark grinned. "Oh, you're going to get THIS." He pointed at his massive hard-on. "But first, I'm going to watch Peter hammer your butt."

Jeff put his hands on his knees and thrust his butt backwards. "I'm ready. Give it to me. Hard and fast as you want."

"All right." Peter pulled completely out, then gripped his shaft and pushed his cock-head through Jeff's anal ring, slowly stretching it open. He stopped with his cock-head inside, then pulled completely out and pushed it in again. He did that several times, teasing Jeff's asshole.

"Come on," Jeff said. "Give it to me good."

"You mean like THIS?" Peter pulled all the way out again, then thrust home, slamming his balls against Jeff's butt cheeks.

"Oh fuck yeah. Just like that."

"Okay." Peter pounded Jeff steadily, slapping his pelvis against Jeff's buttocks.

"That's right." Jeff moaned, swinging his butt back to meet Peter's driving rod. "Fuck me good and hard." He reached for Mark's big stiff pole. "Come here. I want to suck your dick."

Mark stepped away. "Some other time." He moved behind Peter and grabbed his hips, bringing him to a stop. "There's something else I want to do."

Peter held still with his cock buried deep in Jeff's ass. "What are you doing?"

"You'll see." Mark's lubricated finger slid up Peter's asshole.

"Oh man!" Peter's cock jerked as Mark worked his finger in and out, lubricating his asshole. "That feels great."

"I'm just getting started." Mark pulled his finger out and replaced it with his cock-head.

Peter almost came as Mark's gigantic tool stretched his asshole, pushing in until he tensed up, pulling back slightly, and then going in deeper. He held still, taking long deep breaths as the big man entered him.

Mark's tightly-curled pubic hair scratched Peter's buttocks. That big pole was all the way up his ass. "Oh yeah," Peter whispered. He rolled his hips slowly, shifting Mark's cock inside him while he fucked Jeff's butt. It was like the time he'd been in the middle between Elana and Kyra, but Jeff's asshole was even hotter and tighter than Elana's pussy and Mark's big fat live cock felt WAY better than Kyra's strap-on.

Peter fucked Jeff harder and faster. "Damn, your ass is tight," Mark said. He remained almost motionless as Peter spiked his butt on his big thick log.

"Oh fuck!" Peter groaned. He'd never been so stimulated. The tension in his balls built with each thrust. He rammed Jeff violently, fucking his own ass just as roughly. "I'm coming!" The first shot of cum exploded from his straining dick.

"Oh yeah!" Jeff cried. "Shoot it!" His anal muscles clenched Peter's plunging pole while Peter slammed his butt, squirting more cum with each rough thrust.

"Damn, that was good." Peter stood still with his cock buried in Jeff's ass.

Mark patted Peter's butt. "Ah yes," he said in a fake French accent. "Pierre is indeed lucky." He pulled his stiff rod out of Peter's ass, then dragged him away from Jeff and took his place. "Now, it's my turn."

"Come on," Jeff said. "Give me that big black-" He gasped as Mark's cock slid up his asshole. "Jesus!"

Mark laughed. "I guess you still like my dick."

"Uh huh. Come on and pound my ass."

"Like this?" Mark fucked Jeff with long hard strokes.

"Yeah." Jeff's body shook each time Mark's pelvis slammed into his buttocks. "Just like that."

Peter's cock had softened after his climax, but it hardened again as he gazed at Mark's rolling buttocks. He moved to the side, where he could watch the big black bodybuilder's rod sliding in and out of Jeff's ass. "Man, you guys are sexy."

Mark and Jeff both grinned at Peter's stiff pole. "So are you," Mark said. "You want to fuck me now?"

"Sure." Peter lubricated his hard cock, then pushed its head into Mark's sexy puckered hole.

"Wow!" Mark said as Peter's hard dick invaded his ass. "I've never felt anything like this." He rolled his hips, fucking Jeff and himself. "It's kind of like being a virgin again." He went faster, pounding Jeff's ass. Peter tried to coordinate his thrusts with Mark's motions, but kept slipping out. He finally held still, letting Mark control everything.

"Oh fuck!" Mark growled. "This is so fucking great."

It was great for Peter, too. Even though he'd just come, the tension in his nuts built steadily as Mark's tight asshole clamped his dick. Soon, Mark gasped, "I'm coming." He pulled almost out and then slammed home.

"Oh God!" Jeff gasped. "Shoot that cum!" He screamed as Mark rammed his ass over and over.

Peter held on to Mark's hips, driving his throbbing cock up Mark's butt. He got close, but it was too soon for him to come again. He pulled out and stumbled away.

Jeff turned around and kissed Mark. "Good as ever."

"Yeah. For me too." Mark looked from Jeff to Peter and back. "And it's way better with two studs."

"Sure is." Jeff's cock was as stiff as a steel rod. The steady stream of precum leaking from its tip ran down his shaft and over his balls. He grinned at Mark and Peter. "It's my turn to fuck your sexy butts."

Jeff pulled Peter into his arms and kissed him passionately. "You first."

"All right." Peter turned around and bent over. "Come on. I'm ready for you."

"You've got a pretty little asshole," Jeff said. "As cute as Mark's." He fondled Peter's butt cheeks, then pressed a fingertip into his hole. "And I'm going to fuck the hell out of it."

"Well, go ahead." Peter's cock jerked as Jeff's finger slid all the way in. The lube was drying out, so it hurt a little.

Jeff pulled his finger out. "Let's go into the bedroom. I want to do it face to face."

Peter stopped beside the bed. "Hold it. I want to suck your cock." He sank to his knees and wrapped his hand around Jeff's rigid shaft, then took its head in his mouth. He kneaded Jeff's balls gently and stroked his shaft while swirling his tongue over his cock-head and probing his cum-slit with the tip of his tongue.

"That feels great." Jeff ran his fingers through Peter's short hair while Peter bobbed over his dick, taking it deep in his mouth.

"I told you he was good," Mark said. He was standing a few feet away, stroking his stiff pole while he watched Jeff and Peter.

"A first class stud . . . just like you." Jeff gripped the back of Peter's head and rolled his hips, fucking Peter's face. It was a little scary, but really exciting. Peter jacked Jeff's driving rod and squeezed his nuts while Jeff went harder and faster. 

Jeff pulled his throbbing cock out of Peter's mouth. "I don't want to come in your mouth." He stepped back and pointed to the bed. "Get on your back. I'm going to fuck you now." He looked at Mark. "You too."

Peter and Mark lay on the bed and lifted their butts. "Come on," Peter said. "I'm ready for you."

"You better be." Jeff spread lube on his finger and slid it into Peter's asshole. He twisted his wrist while working his finger in and out, distributing the lubricant evenly.

Peter's stiff dick jerked while Jeff's finger probed his tight hole. "Do it now. Give me your big hard cock."

"Okay." Jeff pulled his finger out, smeared lube on his cock, and pressed its head into Peter's asshole. It went in easily, followed by its stiff shaft.

Jeff stopped with his balls pressed against Peter's butt cheeks. "Ready for a good hard ride?"

"Sure." Peter tightened his anal muscles around Jeff's stiff pole. It was long and thick, but not near as big as Mark's tool. "Give it to me."

"All right." Jeff fucked Peter with long strokes, starting slow but quickly gaining speed. Soon, he was pounding Peter's ass, bouncing his balls against his butt cheeks.

"God," Peter moaned. "That's great." He hadn't touched his own stiff dick, but the tension was still building in his balls.

Jeff yanked his cock out of Peter's ass and moved over to Mark. "Your turn." He lubricated the big man's asshole and then pushed his dick inside. "That was easy. You used to have trouble taking my cock."

"Peter taught me." Mark rolled his hips, thrusting his ass up to meet Jeff's sliding cock.

"He did good." Jeff fucked Mark roughly. "Turned you into a real butt slut."

"Yeah. Wish I'd learned sooner."

"Well, better late than never." Jeff bent forward and kissed Mark passionately, then moved back to Peter and kissed him just as aggressively. "Thanks . . . Stud."

Jeff moved back and forth between Peter and Mark, hammering their asses. He was pounding Peter when he moaned, "I'm gonna-" He slammed his throbbing cock into Peter's butt, squirting hot pulses of cum deep inside his clenched ass.

Mark pulled Jeff away from Peter and took his place, grabbing Peter's ankles and lifting them high.

"Oh yeah." Peter jacked his stiff dick while Mark plowed his ass. "Shoot it for me." He sprayed cum on his chest and belly while Mark's hard hot jets splashed his anal walls.

* * * *

The guys went into the bathroom and crowded into the shower. They spent a long sexy time running soap-slick hands over each others' hard bodies, rubbing cocks, and humping each others' cracks.

Then, they got out and stood naked in front of the mirror. Peter took a picture with his phone and sent it to Kyra and Elana.

"Let's see what the girls think of this."

* * * * * * * * * *

Copyright © 2018 by Ken James

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, organizations, and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, locales, organizations, or events is entirely coincidental.

Please contact me. I love getting feedback and reply to every message.

Thanks to Wayde, my greatest fan, best friend, and husband, for all his love, enthusiasm, and support.

* * * * * * * * * *