 * * * * * * * * * *

Author's notes: 

"Pegging Peter" is a BISEXUAL series. It has male-female sex, as well as male-male sex. This chapter is largely male-female.

"Pegging Peter's Women" is a companion series to "Pegging Peter" and takes place on the same weekend as "Pegging Peter" Chapters 6 and 7.

In response to the (quite justified) complaints about the confusing number of characters in this chapter, I'm providing a list of characters.

Peter Grigsby (28, bi): Kyra's husband.

Kyra Grigsby (27, bi): Peter's wife.

Elana Ruiz (30, bi): Kyra's lesbian lover, Mark's girlfriend.

Mark Ryan (32, bi): Elana's boyfriend.

Jeff Baker (31, gay): Mark's college roommate.

Becca Bowman (26, lesbian): Elana's lesbian lover, Tawny's martial arts teacher and "big sister" girlfriend.

Tawny Masterson (18, lesbian): Becca's "little sister" girlfriend.

* * * * * * * * * *

It was early Sunday afternoon when the women arrived from Glen Rose. Peter, Mark, and Jeff were waiting at Peter and Kyra's house.

Kyra walked in the door and hit Peter with a full-body kiss, flattening her big tits against his chest and grinding her pelvis into the rapidly-growing bulge in his jeans. "Hi, Husband. You miss me?" She gripped his butt cheeks, pulling their bodies more tightly together.

"Of course."

"Liar!" She slapped his butt and then giggled. "You've been busy. With a couple muscle studs. I've got to go see them now." She kissed him tenderly and then went into the living room to talk to Mark and Jeff. She was wearing her "sexy cowgirl" costume-boots, skin-tight super-short cutoffs, and a gingham top that barely contained her big breasts, without the straw hat or the blond braid running halfway down her back.

"Get a room!" Elana moved into Peter's arms and kissed him warmly. "For US." She kissed him again-dirty this time, inviting him to bend her over, pull her sprayed-on blue jean cutoffs down, and take her right there. "Stud." She followed Kyra into the living room, waving her ass suggestively.

The next guest came in the door. She was a handsome half-black and half-white woman with a buzz cut, muscular body, firm medium sized breasts and tight round buttocks. She was dressed in clinging running shorts and a tight athletic tee-shirt. She wasn't wearing a bra and her nipples were clearly visible through the tightly-stretched fabric. She smiled at Peter challengingly. "Hi. I'm Becca."

He smiled back, trying to look into her warm brown eyes, rather than at her impressive chest. She was in her mid-20s-a few years younger than him. "Pleased to meet you." He hesitated, wondering if he should extend his hand or hug her.

Becca grinned wickedly and moved into Peter's arms, then gave him a friendly kiss with a hint of tongue that promised a LOT more. "Hi Peter." She slipped a hand between their bodies and caressed his stiff cock through his tightly-stretched jeans. "Kyra's told me what a stud you are." She patted his ass, then started for the living room. She stopped at the door and looked back. "You'll get a chance to prove it tonight."

Peter watched Becca's retreating butt until she vanished around the corner, then greeted the last guest. She was a striking barely legal teenager with blond, brown, pink, and black hair stretching straight down to her shoulder blades, wearing heavy black boots, a thigh-length black skirt, and a sleeveless white tee-shirt with "Dr. Volt" written in jagged letters across her beautiful little pear-shaped breasts. She held her hand out. "I'm Tawny . . ." She paused for emphasis. "Becca's GIRLFRIEND."

"Hi Tawny." He took her hand and squeezed it gently, like he was meeting a client. "I'm Peter."

"Hi Peter." She studied his face with brilliant blue eyes. "Kyra told me a lot about you."

"I hope you don't believe everything she tells you." Peter found the plain gold ring in the left side of Tawny's nose and the diamond stud in the right a little off-putting, but she had pouty lips that begged to be kissed.

She hugged him, a little awkwardly. "We drove back from Glen Rose together." It was time to break the polite embrace, but she didn't move. "She was trying to pimp you out."

"Did it work?"

Tawny tightened her arms around his back. "I haven't decided." She brushed her lips against his. "I definitely don't want a boy." She smiled mysteriously. "But, I might be ready for a MAN." She twisted away and took off for the living room, moving with athletic grace. Peter shrugged and followed her.

Tawny stopped so suddenly that Peter almost rammed his barely-restrained boner into her muscular butt. She stood frozen, staring at the people in the living room.

Jeff was sitting on the couch between Kyra and Elana, wearing a skin-tight tank top and skimpy running shorts. Kyra's tight-fitting gingham top and Elana's white peasant blouse were unbuttoned, showing the women's big breasts. They each had a hand on one of Jeff's thighs.

Mark was sitting in the easy chair on the opposite side of the room with Becca on his lap. His hands were under her tee-shirt, cupping her magnificent breasts.

Becca grinned at Tawny. "Come on, Troop. Join the party."

"Well . . ." Tawny took a deep breath and touched one of her breasts. "I dunno . . ."

Kyra gave Jeff's thigh a final squeeze, then stood up and walked over to Tawny. Elana kissed Jeff full on the mouth and then followed Kyra. They took Tawny in their arms.

"Come on." Kyra kissed Tawny. "You know you want to."

"Yeah, Baby." Elana did something that made Tawny squeal. "Let that dirty girl out to play."

Tawny giggled. "All right. Let's party."

"Good." Kyra took her gingham top off and dropped it on the couch. Everybody in the room stared at her heavy breasts and big brown swollen nipples, set in wide areolas.

"Let's make this a topless party," Elana said. She removed her peasant blouse. Her breasts were just as big and beautiful as Kyra's.

"Uh . . ." Tawny giggled again. She looked at the men and blushed.

Becca lifted her agile body off Mark's lap, revealing the giant tent in his tightly-stretched sweat pants. She bent forward and kissed him, then turned to the other women and peeled off her tight athletic tee-shirt. Her breasts were smaller than Kyra's or Elana's, matching her warrior's body. They were firm and sleek with big dark chocolate nipples. "Come on, Troop." She kissed Tawny. "Get with the program."

Tawny grinned and saluted. "Yes, Sergeant." She glanced at the men again, lingering on Peter, then pulled the Dr. Volt tee-shirt over her head and tossed it onto the pile with the others. "How's that?" she asked, smiling shyly at the big bulge in Peter's jeans.

His hard-on grew as he admired her B-cup breasts. They were creamy white with tiny little nipples, set in areolas the size and color of old pennies.

She saw the way he was looking at her. "You like my tits?"

"Oh yeah. You're a sexy young woman."

Kyra stepped behind Tawny and put her hands on the girl's breasts. "This is a topless party for boys too. We want to see how you look without your shirts."

"Well, that's fair." Peter glanced at Mark and then Jeff. They'd moved beside Peter, forming a rough line facing the women. "Ready guys?"

"Sure," Mark rumbled. Jeff just grinned. The guys stripped their shirts off and tossed them over their shoulders.

"Oh yummy," Becca purred, gazing at Mark's muscular torso and the persistent tent in his sweat pants.

Tawny was looking at Peter like she'd never seen a man's bare chest before. "Dreamboat," she whispered.

Kyra and Elana closed on Jeff. Kyra stroked his arms and chest while Elana fondled his legs and butt. "You know I'm gay?" he asked. "Right?"

Elana put her hand on the front of Jeff's skimpy running shorts. "Your dick's hard."

"Well-" Jeff broke off when Kyra stepped behind him and pressed her breasts into his back. "I've just never . . . I mean . . ."

Kyra slipped into Jeff's arms and kissed him. "It's okay. If you don't want . . ."

"It's not that, but . . ."

"Good." She kissed him, hard and open-mouthed.

Peter's cock was painfully hard as he watched Kyra kissing Jeff. He was ready to drag her away, pull her skin-tight cutoffs down, and fuck her right there when Tawny touched his arm. "God, your wife is sexy."

He turned to admire her lithe young body and innocent face. "So are you."

"Me?" She put her hands on her teenage tits, covering her hard little nipples. "I'm a stick. No breasts or butt." She turned away from Peter and wiggled her ass. "See."

Peter lifted her short black skirt, revealing the pale blue boyshorts stretched over her athletic buttocks. "Looks like a sexy woman's butt to me."

Becca squealed softly. She was standing a few feet away, fondling her bare breasts. Mark was behind her with his hands on her hips, doing something that made her giggle and squirm. "Bad . . . Bad Boy," she growled. "Keep doing that."

Elana was standing beside Kyra and Jeff, fondling her breasts and rubbing her thighs while she watched them kiss. "We haven't seen your underwear." She stepped behind Jeff and pulled his running shorts down. He was wearing a tight orange bikini with a front and back but no sides.

"Oh yummy!" Elana sank to her knees and buried her face between Jeff's buttocks. "Such a sweet ass."

"And a wonderful package," Kyra said, stroking Jeff's crotch bulge.

Mark moved away from Becca. He'd pulled her running shorts halfway down and her plain white thong stood out against her chocolate skin. His massive hard-on stretched his clinging sweat pants.

Becca laughed. "You've all seen MY underwear." She grinned and looked from Tawny to Kyra and then Elana. "And you girls have seen a lot more." She took her running shorts off and tossed them away, then faced him, naked except for the thong.

Mark stepped out of his sweats and dropped them on the floor. Everyone stopped to stare at his towering mahogany pole.

"Oh yeah," Becca purred. "A fucking Black Bull."

She reached for his rod, but he grinned, shook his head, and dodged away. "Not so fast."

"Okay, be that way." Becca took her thong off and tossed it at Mark.

He caught it easily. "Man, it's wet."

"So's my cunt." She ran slow fingers through her closely trimmed pubic hair. "Want to feel?"

He dropped the thong and put a hand between her legs. She closed her eyes and moaned while slowly rocking her hips. "Fuck!" she whispered. "You are such a stud . . ."

Tawny kicked her heavy black boots away and took her skirt off, then pointed to the bulge in Peter's jeans. "Can I see that?"

He glanced over at Kyra. She smiled and gave him a thumbs-up sign. "Well . . ." He ran his eyes up and down her graceful body, lingering on the boyshorts. "If you show me yours, I'll show you mine."

"So you like my body?" She reached for his belt.

"Sure. You're a sexy woman."

"Really?" She unfastened his belt buckle. "Even without big tits and lush curves?" She opened Peter's fly, releasing his hard-on. "Well, you're sure excited."

He stepped out of his jeans and kicked them away. "Your turn."

"Okay." She turned around, bent over, and waved her graceful butt at him. "You like my ass?"

"Oh yeah." He kneaded her muscular buttocks briefly, then pulled her boyshorts down. "And everything else."

She moaned and arched her back as he ran a slow finger down her crack, tickled her perineum, and then brought it back upward to slowly circle her pucker. "Fuck me now, Baby." She thrust her butt backwards, pushing the tip of Peter's finger into her hot little hole.

"In the ass?"

Tawny turned around, grabbed Peter, and kissed him passionately. "No. I want you to fuck my pussy." She kissed him again, trapping his hard-on between her thighs and flattening her little breasts against his chest. Their hands roamed over each others' bodies while their tongues danced an erotic tango. "My virgin pussy." She rolled her hips, slowly thigh-humping his stiff dick.

"Uh . . ." He'd dated Jana, his first girl, for two years before they'd had sex. He'd thought she was a virgin, but when they broke up she'd admitted that she'd gotten tired of waiting for him to make a move and slept with his best friend.

"You don't mind?" She looked worried. "That I'm a virgin . . . I mean, does that matter to guys?"

"No, it's not that. I've just never . . . uh . . . slept with a virgin before."

She grinned. "We're not going to be sleeping."

"True enough." Peter looked around the room. Becca was growling like a cat in heat, stroking Mark's rigid pole while he finger-fucked her pussy. Elana was kneeling in front of Jeff, sucking his stiff cock while Kyra ate his ass.

"Want to go upstairs?" Peter asked.

Tawny stopped moving and glanced at the other people. She trembled when he ran his hands down her back and cupped her buttocks.

"The first time is kind of intimate," Peter said softly.

She looked thoughtful. "Yeah." She pulled away from him and took his hand. "Take me to bed."

Kyra caught them at the door. "You'll need these." She handed Tawny a little box labeled "Trojan."

Tawny blushed and then giggled. "You were right." She grinned at Peter. "Kyra stopped at a drugstore and bought these on the way here. I told her I wouldn't need them . . ." She giggled again, then kissed Kyra. "Thanks."

"Of course. You're like my little sister." Kyra patted Tawny's ass, then kissed Peter. "Take good care of her."

"Wait." Peter stopped Tawny outside the bedroom door. "Let's do this right." He picked her up and carried her across the threshold.

"That was so romantic," Tawny said when he set her down. "I never realized how hot it gets a woman to be carried like that."

"Worked on Kyra." He took her in his arms and kissed her.

Tawny kissed him back eagerly, running her hands over his back and buttocks. "Was it your first time?"

He chuckled. "Nowhere near. We'd been living together for six months. It was still a memorable wedding night."

"Well . . ." For the first time, Tawny wrapped her hand around Peter's stiff cock. "I'll try to make it good for you."

"That won't be a problem." He stroked her hair and shoulders while gazing into her eyes. They were bright blue, deep and soulful. "Scared?"

"No. Why would I be . . ." She let go of his cock and hugged him, like a little girl with her father. "Sure I am. It's a big step."

"Part of growing up." He tightened his arms around her. "I was scared, too."

"Your first time?" She looked surprised when he nodded. "But you're so big and strong."

"It's still scary." He kissed her on the lips, affectionately rather than passionately. "But I did all right." He caressed her butt cheeks tenderly, but then slid a naughty finger up and down her crack. "So will you."

"I know." She kissed him, then grabbed his hand and led him to the bed. "I'm ready."

Peter picked Tawny up and kissed her. She held onto his neck and kissed him back, wrapping her legs around his waist.

He laid her on her back and knelt between her legs. "Oh yeah," she whispered, staring at his towering erection. "Do it now. I'm ready for you . . ." She pulled her pussy open. It was hot pink inside and glistening with her juices.

Peter guided his cock-head to her pussy lips, but froze just outside her entrance. "I almost forgot." He picked up the Trojan box from the nightstand and took one of the foil packets out.

"Oh! Me too." Tawny laughed nervously. "Are we THAT wired to reproduce?"

"Guess so." He prepared to tear the packet open.

"Let me put it on you." She took the packet out of his hand. "Kyra told me guys like that."

"It is fun. Makes it a part of the foreplay instead of an interruption." He watched as she prepared to slip the rolled-up condom over his cock. "Not that way." She stopped and looked at the little piece of latex, puzzled. "Turn it over. Otherwise, it won't unroll. Worse, you'll get precum on the outside."

"We sure don't want any babies." Tawny reoriented the condom, then pressed it over Peter's cock-head and unrolled it smoothly down his shaft. She smiled at her handiwork, then looked up at Peter. "Are we ready now?"

"Guys are ALWAYS ready." He pressed his cock-head between her pussy lips and took her with one long slow slide. He stopped all the way inside, enjoying the sensations. Her pussy was hot, tight, wet, and sweet, like other women's pussies, but it was special because he was the first man to possess it. Something in the back of his mind grumbled about "caveman thinking," but the feeling was so primal he ignored the annoying little voice.

"Wow!" Tawny tightened her pussy muscles around Peter's pole. "I'm a woman." She pulled him down and kissed him passionately. "YOU made me a woman."

"You were already a woman. Locked in a room. I just opened the door and let you out." He drew back and then pushed forward, fucking her with long slow strokes.

"You're sure unlocking me now." Tawny rolled her hips in time with Peter's careful thrusts. "But you can unlock me a lot harder."

"Oh, I know." Peter grinned. "Your body and muscles . . ." He pulled completely out, then drove back into her depths. "I can tell you've had years of martial arts . . ." He jabbed her pussy a few more times, then settled down to hard steady fucking. She resisted a little, making him work for it.

The rougher he got, the more excited she became. He turned his inner caveman loose when she started coming, pawing her firm little breasts and ramming her snatch while her lithe young body thrashed under him.

He grabbed her ankles and pushed them up over her shoulders, elevating her pelvis, then rocked her legs, driving his cock deep into her tight teen pussy and keeping her coming.

"That's enough," she finally gasped, trying to push Peter away.

"Okay." He lay in her arms with his stiff dick still inside her and kissed her tenderly. "You all right?"

"Way better than all right." She ran a slow hand through his hair. "I've never felt like this."

"Good enough to give up girls?"

Tawny giggled. "Oh no." She rolled her hips, shifting his cock in her pussy. "But now I know why women like cock." She tensed her pussy muscles around his stiff rod. "Even a dyke like Becca."

"It was the same for me with Mark. I didn't think I was into guys, but . . . Well, I am. But, I still like girls."

"Good." She pulled his face down to hers and kissed him. "I'm glad you like THIS girl."

"You know it." He drew back and then pushed back inside, making her moan softly.

Tawny looked up at Peter with a dreamy expression on her face. "It's like Kyra told me . . . Your cock is SO much better than a dildo. So warm and alive."

"Well, men and women ARE kind of built to fit together." He fucked her slowly, angling his cock-head to nuzzle her clit and to rub the supersensitive area just inside her pussy mouth.

"You fit great." She rolled her hips in time with his gentle strokes. "I'm so glad I waited . . . For you."

"So am I." Peter abandoned the gentle teasing and pushed deep into Tawny's pussy.

"This feels so . . ." Tawny looked thoughtful. "You didn't come."

"Not yet." Peter fucked her harder and faster. "But I will."

Tawny kneaded Peter's buttocks while he drove into her hot tight cunt. "Kyra told me . . ." She gasped and closed her eyes, coming again. "Wow!"

Her eyes snapped open. "I want to feel you shoot. Like Kyra told me . . . Your big hard throbbing cock spraying hot cum inside me."

The caveman was right there, ready to strip the condom off and pump a baby into his new young mate. Peter pushed him away, with effort. "I'm not going to come in your pussy."

"You can fuck my ass." She grinned at his expression. "You'll be the first guy there, too."

"Okay." He started to withdraw.

"Wait!" Tawny was smiling. "I do want you to shoot in my pussy. Feel my spasming snatch sucking your cum." She sighed. "But I'm not going to risk getting pregnant."
