 Author's Notes:

"Pegging Peter" is a BISEXUAL series. It has male-female sex, as well as male-male sex.

"Pegging Peter's Women" is a companion series to "Pegging Peter" and takes place on the same weekend as "Pegging Peter" Chapters 6 and 7.

In response to the (quite justified) complaints about the confusing number of characters in Chapter 8, I'm providing a list of characters.

Peter Grigsby (28, bi): Kyra's husband.

Kyra Grigsby (27, bi): Peter's wife.

Elana Ruiz (30, bi): Kyra's lesbian lover, Mark's girlfriend.

Mark Ryan (32, bi): Elana's boyfriend.

Jeff Baker (31, gay): Mark's college roommate.

Becca Bowman (26, lesbian): Elana's lesbian lover, Tawny's martial arts teacher and "big sister" girlfriend.

Tawny Masterson (18, lesbian): Becca's "little sister" girlfriend.

* * * * * * * * * *

Peter and Tawny spent a long steamy time in the shower, running soapy hands over each other's bodies. She loved playing with his stiff cock and he fingered her to another climax. He really wanted to fuck her pussy, but wasn't willing to risk getting her pregnant.

They finally got out of the shower and dried off. "Can we go back to bed?" Tawny asked. "We can use a condom. Or you can fuck my ass again."

Peter shook his head slowly. "It's tempting, but no." He took Tawny in his arms and kissed her tenderly, then slapped her butt, just hard enough to sting. "Let's go."

They were starting down the stairs when the hall bathroom door opened and Jeff stepped out. He was naked and his long thick cock was half-hard. "Hi." He grinned as he ogled Peter and Tawny. Mostly Peter. "Looks like you've been having fun." He ran a hand through his unruly black hair. It was still damp.

"We had fun, too." Kyra came out of the bathroom and put a hand on Jeff's shoulder. "Especially Jeff."

Elana followed her out of the bathroom and moved behind Jeff, pressing her breasts into his back and reaching around to grip his cock, which hardened instantly. "We showed him that girls are just as much fun as boys."

Jeff twisted around and dirty-kissed Elana, humping his stiff dick between her thighs and kneading her super muscular butt cheeks. "You sure taught me how much women like it up the ass."

Kyra laughed and stepped behind Jeff, then rocked her hips, pressing her pelvis into his buttocks like she was fucking his butt. "You liked my strap-on, too."

Jeff pulled away, then grabbed Kyra and kissed her. "Of course. It was ALMOST as good as a real cock."

"I can't shoot cum," Kyra purred. "But I sure got you off."

Elana watched Jeff and Kyra for a few seconds, then came over and kissed Tawny. "How about you? Was Peter okay?"

"Oh yeah." Tawny patted Peter's butt. "He really showed me the difference between a boy and a MAN." She plastered her body against Elana's and kissed her passionately. "But, I'm definitely not giving up women."

Peter's cock had grown as hard as Jeff's. "Come here, Stud." He took Jeff away from Kyra and kissed him. Kyra shrugged and joined Tawny and Elana.

Mark and Becca came up the stairs, holding hands. The grins on their faces grew broader as they looked over the group in the hall.

Becca broke away from Mark and kissed Tawny. "Did you have a good time?"

"I sure did. Peter's great." She smiled shyly. "He turned me every which way but loose."

Mark patted Becca's butt, then took Elana in his arms. They kissed, hard and dirty while the others watched. "Your girlfriend was hot," he said. "It was wild fucking her butt while watching you and Kyra with Jeff."

"Mark's the first guy I've let fuck my butt." Becca frowned at Tawny. "He was going to put it in my pussy, but some greedy bitch took all the condoms."

"Uh . . . Sorry." Tawny didn't sound sorry.

Becca held the frown for a few seconds, but then burst out laughing. "It was exciting, feeling him shoot in my ass. WAY better than I expected." She slapped Mark's ass, making a sound like a pistol shot. "I used him like a piece of cheap meat."

"Hey, I resent that," Mark said. "I'm a PRIME piece of meat." He reached between Becca's buttocks and did something that made her squeal. "But, you can use me any time."

"Like now?" Becca pulled Mark away from Elana and led him to the bathroom. "Come on, Baby. I'm going to use the hell out of you."

"All right." Mark stopped at the door. "Where's the lube?"

"Bottom drawer," Kyra answered. She took Peter's hand and then led him down the stairs. The rest of the group followed them.

* * *

The delivery driver, a college-age woman wearing tight shorts and a clinging tee-shirt that showed her nipples, stared when Kyra came to the door naked. Peter stayed out of sight and watched.

"I gave her a big tip," Kyra told Peter when they were taking the packages of food into the kitchen.

"Good." Peter had seen the steamy way the young woman had looked at Kyra. "She was hot." He patted Kyra's butt. "So were you."

"I almost invited her to join the party," Kyra told Peter while they were setting the table. "But that would have been too much of a porn cliché."

"She'd have been busy this time of night, anyway," Peter answered.

"True." Kyra smiled at Peter's half-hard dick. "That's why I gave her our email address."

Elana, Tawny, and Jeff had retreated upstairs when the doorbell rang. Now, they came trooping back down the stairs, followed by Mark and Becca.

"You're just in time," Kyra said. "The barbecue's ready."

There wasn't much conversation as the ravenous group attacked the brisket, sausage, beans, potato salad, and iced tea. Afterwards, they lazed in the living room, drowsily playing with each others' bodies.

* * *

It didn't take long before their libidos kicked back into high gear.

Kyra and Elana were on the couch, sitting on either side of Tawny, gently fondling her breasts and inner thighs. Across the room, Mark and Becca were cuddling on the love seat while Peter and Jeff lay on the floor, playing with each others' hard dicks.

Becca wrapped a hand around Mark's stiff pole and said, "Let's get the condoms. I want you to fuck my pussy this time." Tawny frowned and turned to Kyra, then whispered something in her ear.

Kyra squeezed Tawny's thigh and then stood up. "It's time to mix it up."

Becca looked guilty and moved away from Mark. "What do you have in mind?"

"Tawny's never seen guys having sex with each other," Kyra answered.

Becca looked thoughtful. "Well, neither have I." She looked from Mark to Peter and Jeff. "Especially not THREE hot guys."

"We can handle that," Peter said. He and Jeff stood up and walked over to Mark.

"Well, I can sure handle THESE." Mark stroked Peter's and Jeff's stiff rods and kneaded their balls, then pulled the men together and took both their dicks in his mouth.

"Yeah, Baby." Becca ran a hand up and down Mark's back, reaching down to tickle his butt crack. "Suck those big hard cocks."

Tawny got up from the couch and walked over to the love seat, then pulled Becca to her feet and guided the older woman's hand between her legs. "You can play with me while we watch the boys."

Mark bobbed over Peter's and Jeff's rock hard members, taking their cock-heads and most of their shafts in his mouth. "Man, that feels good," Peter said, running his fingers through Mark's close-cropped tightly-curled hair.

Tawny bent forward to get a better look. "That's SO fucking hot," she moaned.

"Sure is," Becca said. Her fingers were busy in Tawny's pussy. "Way better than a porn video."

"Yeah." Tawny laughed softly and kissed Becca. "The guys are all right, too." She cupped her breasts and pinched her hard little nipples while she rolled her hips, humping Becca's fingers.

Mark stood up, put his hands on Peter's shoulders, and pushed him to his knees. "Suck me."

"All right." Peter wrapped his hand around the big black bodybuilder's ebony pole. It was an inch longer and a lot thicker than Peter's stiff cock, with a broad bell-shaped head. He could hardly close his fingers around its girth.

Peter took Mark's cock-head in his mouth, clamping his lips around its deep corneal ring and swirling his tongue over its stretched skin. The taste of precum mixed with sexy primal man was intoxicating.

"Oh yeah." Mark kneaded Peter's shoulders and stroked his hair. "You are one fine cocksucker." He rocked his hips slowly as Peter took his stiff dick deeper in his mouth, eagerly sucking the big man's thick black rod.

"Move over." Jeff pushed Peter to the side and licked Mark's balls while Peter sucked his cock.

"Three studs," Kyra whispered. She and Elana had joined Tawny and Becca. All four women were standing around the men, fingering their pussies and playing with their breasts while they watched the action on the floor. "Our guys are SO fucking sexy!"

"We're just getting started." Mark pushed Jeff away and grabbed the back of Peter's head. "I'm gonna fuck his face, now." He pushed his monster cock deep into Peter's throat, stopping just before reaching the gag point and then pulling back out.

"That's right." Jeff knelt behind Peter and humped his butt crack while he reached around his body and jacked his stiff dick. "Suck his big stud cock."

Peter stroked Mark's shaft and kneaded his balls as the black giant went faster and deeper.

"I'm getting close." Mark's thrusting cock was throbbing. Peter sucked and jerked his plunging pole frantically, eager for a big blast of hot cum.

"Not so fast!" Kyra pulled Peter away from Mark. "We want to see more than a blow job." She looked at the other women. "Don't we, girls?"

"Yeah!" Tawny was on her knees, working three fingers in and out of her wet pussy. "Fuck his butt!" She twisted her head to look at Becca, who was kneeling behind Tawny, fondling the younger woman's tits. "You want to see that, don't you Babe?"

"I want to see him stick that big black dick up YOUR ass," Becca answered.

"Well . . ." Tawny stared at Mark's giant cock, leaking precum and gleaming with Peter's spit. "Maybe later."

"All right." Becca moved away from Tawny and kissed Peter. "You're up, dude."

"It's Mark that's up." Peter bent forward and swallowed the bodybuilder's long thick pole, taking it all the way to the balls. It blocked his throat, but he didn't need to breathe. Not for a while, anyway.

Kyra slapped Peter's ass. "Bend over, Bubba."

Peter was running out of air. He let Mark's thick rod slip out of his mouth and moved into position with his legs spread and his butt thrust backward. "Okay. I'm ready."

"Good." Mark picked up the squeeze bottle of lube and stepped behind Peter. "I'm gonna pound the hell out of your ass."

"Can I help?" Tawny asked. Her nipples were puffy and her pussy lips gleamed with her juices.

"Sure." Mark handed her the lube. "You can get him ready."

"Okay," she said. Peter felt her slick finger pressing into his asshole. It slipped in easily, all the way to her curled knuckles.

Peter rocked his hips as she worked her finger in and out of his butt, twisting it to distribute the lube evenly. "That's good," he said. "Now, I'm ready for Mark's cock."

"Oh yeah." Tawny pulled her finger out of Peter's butt. He turned his head to watch her squirt a big blob of lubricant into the palm of her hand and rub it over Mark's mammoth erection. "Wow!" she said. "Playing with your dick feels good."

"Feels good to me, too," Mark answered. "You really know how to handle a man."

Tawny giggled. "For a dyke?"

"Whatever. Gonna help me put it in?"

"Like this?" She guided Mark's broad cock-head into the center of Peter's asshole. Peter moaned with pleasure as Mark pressed forward, stretching him open.

"Yeah. Just like that." Mark slid his long thick cock up Peter's ass, stopping with his balls pressed against Peter's buttocks.

"That was easy." Tawny bent forward and kissed Peter.

"Not my first rodeo, Baby!" He twisted his head to look at Mark. "Didn't you say something about an ass pounding?" He tightened his anal muscles around the big man's oversized pole.

"Sure did." Mark drew back until his cock-head was just inside Peter's anal ring and then pushed forward again. "I'm gonna fuck the hell out of your hot tight ass." He took several long thrusts, sending waves of pleasure through Peter's body.

Peter stroked his own stiff cock and squeezed his balls as Mark pulled completely out and then drove back again, slamming his pelvis into Peter's butt. "Oh yeah," Peter groaned.

Mark stabbed Peter's ass a few more times, then settled down to fucking him steadily, taking his butt with hard fast strokes.

"Jesus!" Tawny whispered. "That's so hot." She sank to her knees and slipped her lubricated finger up her own asshole, working it in and out while watching Mark's balls bouncing against Peter's butt cheeks.

"Want something bigger up there?" Jeff knelt behind Tawny and cupped her breasts.

Tawny arched her back and slipped the middle finger of her free hand into her pussy. "Like your cock?"

"Yeah."

"Not now. I'm watching boys." She thought for a moment and then grinned wickedly. "You know what I DO want?" She didn't wait for an answer. "To see Peter fucking YOUR butt." Her grin grew wider. "While Mark fucks him."

"That'd be all right," Jeff said.

Tawny stood up and faced Peter. "That okay with you?"

"Well . . ." Peter tried to look surprised. He'd been in the middle between Mark and Jeff that morning (Chapter 7). Kyra winked at him and he winked back. She'd fucked his ass with a strap-on while he'd fucked Elana's pussy (Chapter 3). "I guess we could try it."

"Come on." Tawny took Jeff's hand and pulled him into the middle of the room. "Bend over."

"God," she whispered. "You've sure got a sexy ass." She licked, kissed, and fondled his buttocks, then ran her tongue up and down his crack. Jeff moaned and pushed his ass back into her face. "You like this?" she asked.

"Sure." Jeff's cock was rock hard. "What now? You gonna eat my ass for real?"

Tawny pulled her face away from Jeff's butt. "You've got a cute asshole, but I guess I'm not ready to go that far." She put more lube on her finger and slid it up Jeff's anus. "Besides, Peter's going to fuck you."

"That'll be all right." Jeff rocked his hips and stroked his stiff rod while Tawny fingered his asshole. "Your finger feels good, but a cock will be even better."

"Okay." Tawny crooked her finger at Peter. "Come here."

"Oh yeah." Peter pulled away from Mark and walked over to Tawny and Jeff. "I'm gonna fuck the hell out of his butt." Tawny handed him the little squeeze bottle of lube. He slathered his rigid pole with the slippery gel and pressed his cock-head into Jeff's sexy puckered hole. His ass muscles resisted briefly and then relaxed, easily taking Peter's length.

Peter fucked Jeff slowly, pulling out until his cock-head was barely kissing the other man's anal ring, then pushing back into his depths. It was fun watching his pole sliding in and out of Jeff's butt while the women stared at them.

Mark moved behind Peter. "You ready for me?"

"Sure." Peter held still with his cock buried deep in Jeff's ass. "We've got to give the girls the show they want."

"Yes we do." Mark's giant tool stretched Peter's asshole. It didn't hurt, but was intense.

"Jesus!" Peter gasped as Mark slid home. The big man stopped with his tightly-curled pubic hair scratching Peter's butt cheeks.

"You all right?" Mark asked.

"Yeah." Peter was close to coming. "Just take it easy. I don't want to shoot. Not yet."

"No problem." Mark fucked Peter slowly.

Peter held still until the tension in his nuts receded, then began rocking his hips, working his stiff cock in Jeff's butt while Mark fucked his ass.

"Wow!" Tawny said. "That is SO sexy." She was standing beside the men, leaning forward to stare at Peter's and Mark's sliding cocks.

"What's so sexy?" Becca asked. She was behind Tawny with her breasts pressed into the younger woman's back, reaching around to fondle her tits and finger her pussy. "Me or the guys?"

"Both," Tawny answered, grinding her buttocks into Becca's pelvis. "I'm so fucking hot."

"You sure are," Elana said. She and Kyra were standing on the other side of the men, playing with each other's pussies.

"And so are our studs," Kyra said. "Forget that old circus. THIS is the Greatest Show on Earth." She got on her knees in front of Jeff and took his stiff cock in her mouth.

Peter fucked Jeff harder and faster, bouncing his balls against Jeff's butt cheeks. Mark matched his tempo, ramming Peter's ass and shaking his and Jeff's bodies. "I'm getting close!" Peter gasped as the pressure built in his balls.

Tawny screamed and kneaded her breasts while Becca worked two fingers in and out of her pussy. "I want to see it!"

"All right." Mark pulled his cock out of Peter's butt and jacked it roughly, splashing hot cum on Peter's back after a few strokes. That set Peter off. He yanked his throbbing pole out of Jeff's asshole and sprayed his butt cheeks.

"Come on." Kyra jerked Jeff's stiff rod and squeezed his balls. "Shoot for me."

"Oh yeah!" he moaned, squirting cum in Kyra's face and on her tits.

"That was good." Kyra stood up and kissed Jeff, then moved to Peter. She plastered her body against his, flattening her breasts and smearing Jeff's cum on Peter's chest, and then kissed him hard and dirty, with lots of super aggressive tongue. "It was all good."

She wrapped her fingers around Peter's half-hard dick. Even after the intense workout it had just received, it stiffened instantly.

"Wow!" She stroked his rigid pole. "Do you think you can—" He nodded and she grinned. "Good." She released his dick, then took his hand and led him toward the stairs. "I'm ready for you to fuck MY ass."

* * *

Peter woke up from an intense sex dream. Somewhere in the back of his mind, he'd known he was dreaming. That had happened a few times before, usually in those dreams where he'd been wandering endlessly in some sort of maze. Then, he'd just wished he could wake up and make it stop.

This time, he was making passionate love to . . . someone . . . with constantly changing gender, hair, skin, eyes, lips, breasts, buttocks, pussies, cocks, assholes . . . It was surreal, but he'd be happy if the dream went on forever.

The transition from sleep to wakefulness was almost seamless. The pink and gold rays of dawn filtered through the bedroom curtains, filling the room with a soft glow. Warm lips clamped his rock-hard pole, slowly moving up and down his swollen shaft while an eager tongue stroked his cock-head and probed his cum slit.

Last night, he'd bent Kyra over the bed and pounded her ass savagely. He'd hardly noticed when Becca, Tawny, and Jeff had showered in the master bathroom and then left, taking the condoms with them. A little after that, Elana and Mark had come in, still damp from their shower in the hall bathroom, and said goodbye.

Peter had run out of juice, but he'd still made Kyra come over and over. Finally exhausted, they'd stumbled into the shower to clean up before collapsing into bed. Kyra had fallen asleep within seconds, cuddled against Peter with her head pillowed on his chest. He'd laid there, stroking her back and hair until drowsiness overcame him.

Now, he was fully awake. Kyra was kneeling between his spread legs, sucking his cock, kneading his nuts, and tickling his taint. "Man, that feels good," he said.

Kyra looked up at him. She was grinning. "He's back."

"Oh yeah."

"Good." She straddled his hips. "I'm ready for a nice rough ride." She lowered herself onto his stiff pole. Her pussy was hot and tight, like always.

He played with her bouncing breasts and fondled her muscular buttocks while she rode his cock. He was close to coming when she pulled away and rolled onto her back. "Fuck my ass now."

He put a pillow under her back to lift her hips and butt, then lubricated her anus and his hard dick. "Come on, stud," she said. "Let me have it. Good and hard."
