 Apologies to all. I am working right now and I have no idea how fast I can write. Please bear with me. I have already submitted Ch. 03 but it seems tied up in review so I have no idea when it will be released. This is good on its own although its real utility will be seen soon. And yes, the names are correct, no typos =)





 I slumped into my window seat and stared out of the window as the plane began to fill up. It has been years since I last flew economy; I have always flew business or first ever since I started to collect frequent flyer miles and started my current job which requires me to fly almost every other week. Previous job, I corrected myself silently. I will miss Hong Kong. My first job after I graduated from university in London was at a bank in Hong Kong. So now, it is a holiday to Japan before going back home to Sydney to start again. The last month has been nothing short of an emotional and logistical roller-coaster. The hassle of moving, packing and sending all the non-essential things back home. I did not even think of going to Japan until two days ago. And that is why I am here in this tiny seat in a ludicrously packed metal tube.

I am sorry. I forgot to introduce myself. My name is Sebastian, Sebastian Jansen. But everyone calls me Seb. I am bisexual, 24 and 1.85m tall. 

I just broke up with my boyfriend. Or rather, he broke up with me. Why? Because he found out that I had a girlfriend in university who came to visit and things got a little wild while we were partying away in Lan Kwai Fong one night. She kissed me and I kissed her back. That was it; we were over many years ago and we both knew it. Someone he knew saw and told him. Then he broke up with me. I wish things were so simple. But they usually are not because that is life and God does not like simplicity. Long story short, he had been cheating on me too, for God knows how many months. It was a bit rich of him to pontificate about the sanctity of a relationship before telling me he wanted to break up. So be it. 

Back to the present. The aisle seat was filled by a man in his late twenties or early thirties. He was wearing a suit. God, wearing a suit is bad enough in business class, trust me, and infinitely worse in economy. He looks cute though and he is a Brit – well the passport on his tray says so. I shrugged it off and nodded off as we began to taxi and only woke up right as landed in Tokyo. 

I was staying in Tokyo for the night before taking the new Hokuriku Shinkansen to Toyama and then on to Takayama in the Japanese Alps. Winter Wonderland supposedly. I was bored and restless from the sleep I got on the plane and I decided to head to a gay bathhouse. Apparently, there is one in Shinjuku which is fairly near my hotel, within walking distance if I stick to Google Maps.

Its exteriors disappointed me. It looked like just another nondescript building in a semi-residential area. It was 10pm and the streets were not especially well-lit. Fuck this, I thought. I climbed up the staircase and it opened up to well-lit and warm reception area. I paid the entrance fee (which I thought was expensive) and it was surprisingly quiet. I did not see anyone around. 

I stripped and placed all my belongings in a locker before going to showers on the second floor. The lighting were noticeably dimmer here. I sat in the Jacuzzi and started observing the Japanese men who were milling around. They were all middle-aged, kept to themselves and hardly talked. Downright disappointing. I was expecting some sex or at least hot bodies. My left hand was my best friend these days ever since I broke up and that is definitely not good enough. I was the only white there until he walked in. I was shocked to say the least. The cute guy from the plane ride. 

He had brown hair which flopped down and gave him a carefree look. He is slightly shorter than me. He was lean and toned with a defined bubble butt, something I could not see from his suit. His body looks clean shaven like a boy's from a distance away and his uncut member hung flaccidly. He walked nervously, with his head bowed slightly downwards as though afraid to see someone he knew. Until he looked up and saw me staring at him. His brown eyes stared back into my blue ones with recognition. He froze with a deer caught in headlights look. Fuck me, he really is cute. 

"Come here, sit next to me. I won't bite." I called out and my voice rang out in the cavernous room. Several Japanese men turned to look at me with mild disapproval. Heck it. 

He walked and waded over shyly and sat next to me. His mere presence was starting to turn me on. Show time, I thought. 

"Hi I am Seb. We met on the plane, remember?" I smiled.

"Yeah I remember. And I am Jasper?" He replied softly, which sent a current through me. Damn.

"I said I won't bite. But I'll swallow." I whispered back into his ear as I angled myself slightly, our knees and thighs touching. His breath hitched. So I was having an effect on him, I thought as I leaned back. I thought I saw him checking me out subtly from the corner of my eye. 

Time to up the game. 

I gently laid my fingers on his smooth thighs as I leaned over, "Shall we check out the mist room?"

His eyes widened a little and I was glad to see them clouded by lust. Not the only one tonight it seems. 

We went into the mist room which had several alcoves. I pulled him into one of the quiet ones and I pressed him against the wall. He was taken aback as I leaned into his face. My hands began traveling down his torso, feeling his firm and lean muscles.

"Do you want this, Jasper?"

"Yyeah" He breathed as I stood between his parted legs and our rock-hard cocks touched. I could feel his excitement concealed beneath the veneer of shyness. 

I flipped up his blond fringe and grabbed the back of his head as I pulled him towards me while still trapping him. I kissed those lips which I have been dying to bite ever since he walked in, gently seeking approval with my tongue. He opened his mouth a little and I invaded his mouth, tonguing him. 

His hands began stroking my abs and butt as we kissed, seemingly pushing and pulling me towards him at the same time. It was paradoxical and hot as hell. This is why I work out in the gym so often – so someone can touch them and turn me on, like we both are now.

I knelt down in front of him and began to lick and suck at the head of his cock. Between six and seven inches. Bigger doesn't mean better. I licked on the underside of his cock and the head, eliciting a moan from him. My hands ran along the inside of his thighs as I pushed myself, taking more of him inside, licking and gently swallowing as I went along. I took his entire length in my mouth as I felt him at the back of my throat. Training has "improved" my gag reflex. I began fondling his balls and his hole as I deepthroated him. 

"I am going to cum, fuck, don't stop, don't stop" He moaned as his hands reached towards my head and grabbed my short blonde hair, holding me in place. I could feel his thighs flexing and him thrusting forwards. I really like the sensation of getting facefucked as I felt the tip of his cock hit the back of my throat. 

I looked up and saw his back arched against the wall, head slightly lolled back in pleasure. 

"Ughhh, fuckk" He moaned as he came in my mouth, his cum salty. I swallowed it all and licked him clean as he stood limply against the wall. I stood up, grabbed his head and we kissed savagely. 

"I said I'd swallow, didn't I?" I whispered softly, not wanting to break the moment. Jasper nodded silently, still in that post-orgasmic high. 

We went back out and dried ourselves with our towels from the locker room before he grabbed my hand and led me upstairs into a dark room filled with platform beds. I was shocked. It seemed like my cute Brit does know this place fairly well. 

We were in a corner with an empty bed next to us. 

"Fuck me, please?" He moaned sultrily into my ear his hands fondled my hard ass muscles through the towel. I was surprised to see the change but I did not need to be asked twice. 

I pulled him down together with me and he lay sprawled on my chest. He unclenched one of his hands and dropped a foil packet on my chest. I stifled a laugh.

"What a fucking filthy slut, Jasper"

"Your slut, master Seb" 

We began pulling off the towels wrapped around our waist and he straddled me. 

"Put the sucker on bitch"

"Yes, master" And he complied but so achingly slow as he teased my balls along the way. He lubricated my sheathed cock with his mouth, slobbering it in his spit. Damn he is good. 

I gasped in pleasure as he lowered himself onto my cock slowly until I was balls-deep. 

"You. Are. So. Fucking. Tight." I moaned as he began to ride me. I could not see him in the darkness of the room except feel his fullness and the hands roaming my pecs and abs. I, for one, grabbed his hips, lifted and slammed him down. I knew I was hitting his prostate as he moaned. The sensory deprivation probably heightened the experience, depraved as we were, fucking like horny rabbits. The whole room was just us moaning. 

I pulled him off and pushed him under me in one swift motion. Again, I thank my gym membership. He gasped in surprise as he held on to my biceps, gently caressing them. 

"Beg" I commanded softly

"I want your monster cock in me right now"

"How? Be specific slut" I smiled as I teased my cock at his entrance. I could almost hear him moaning and gritting his teeth at the same time, trying to maintain that famed British stiff upper lip. Sorry, the only things that are stiff are our cocks. 

"Just fuck me like a bitch, please." He moaned as his lust took over. 

I pulled him closer to me and folded his legs, exposing him even more. I did not give him any warning before ramming myself into him all the way. 

"OH FUCK" he shouted

I began thrusting deep into him, varying my angles slightly, rubbing against his prostate as he moaned. The entire room was echoing with the slapping sound of hot male-on-male sex as I pounded his butt into submission. I would pull out almost all the way before slamming it back into him as he moaned in pleasure. 

I turned him around and pulled him up so that he was on his knees as I took him from the back, pounding him even harder. God, I need this release after that pent up frustration since my break up. One of my hands reached up and tweaked his nipples as he yelped in surprise and pleasure while I suddenly rammed into him harder than before. I could feel him tensing while I sensed the build-up in me. 

He came suddenly without me touching his cock and his channel clenched around my cock. It was to be my undoing as I came with a roar into the condom. Fuck I have not cummed so much since well yeah. 

I gingerly pulled out of him as he winced a little and flopped down onto the bed. I knotted off the condom and threw it away before returning to the bed. We started to spoon and we drifted off to sleep, tired out by our nocturnal exercises. 

I woke up at seven in the morning in a still dark room. Alone. Fuck. He was gone. His locker was empty too. A slight sense of frustration built up in me as I collected my stuff and left. It was a hollow feeling. Sure it was great hot sex but but there was just something missing. I felt...used, for lack of a better word. Heck, Jasper might not even be his real name. It was thus with this slight headache and buzzing feeling that I boarded the Shinkansen to Toyama and switched to a rapid express train that will take me to Takayama. 

I was lost in the quaint and snowy countryside that we were speeding through. It then dawned on me that Japan is really huge and sparsely populated outside the cities. The forests and hills that were blanketed in white were seemingly devoid of life, like my mind now. 

I felt like I have been traveling forever when I stopped a passing elderly conductor to ask him when we would arrive in Takayama. 

"Takayama? Uhh e-to....sorry, I no..." He looked hopelessly flustered as he floundered for the English words. Damn it, I thought. 

"Hey, I understand Japanese. I can translate for you. What's up?" A dude of college-going age who was sitting in front of me turned around and asked in an accent I could not place, a hint of California and something else. 

"Oh my god. Finally! When will we reach Takayama?" I was relieved, strangely. 

The dude started jabbering away in fluent Japanese to the conductor who looked relieved and apologetic in equal parts as he replied. I found myself staring at the dude as he spoke the highly lyrical Japanese language. 

He is not pretty or beautiful. He is masculine in a classic and erudite way. His almost too-thin face chiseled with sharp features held my attention as I stared. He turned around and we found ourselves staring at each other. He was looking at me really intensely and his mouth turned down slightly as though someone has said something hurtful. His features look as though he had lost weight recently. His eyes were wistful even. 

He plastered a smile and told me that we would arrive around two-thirty. He began to turn around. 

"Thank you for your help. I have been guessing my way for the past few days and it kinda sucks not knowing Japanese in the countryside eh? So..." I found myself babbling in a desperate attempt to keep him talking so I can continue to take in his looks and hear his voice. 

"Indeed" he cut me off before I could continue and returned to his seat and laptop. 

Jesus. He could be curt. My heart fluttered as I thought of this mysterious stranger again. 

And since when have I started blabbering to someone. And since when have I started feeling nervous. Well, only you-know-who, my mind responded.

He could be straight for all I know. 

But he is stunning. 

He does not want to talk to me. 

You just broke up. Actually, not just, but still. 

He is different from Jasper! 

And you know that because you have eye-fucked him?

This mental battle raged on until we arrived in Takayama shortly thereafter. I started to get up but for some strange reason, my mysterious guy was way faster than me. He hoisted his backpack and walked out of the train door without even a backward glance at me. He was wearing skinny jeans that emphasized his legs and ass. Fuck my life. I am having a hard-on just from thinking of him as I walked out of the train and into the blistering cold.