 Hi guys, this is my first stab at writing erotica so please bear with me if I take a while or make some mistakes. All comments are highly appreciated. This is a very personal story to me. This chapter is used to build up the character of Alec.

*****

Let us call that fateful day, D. Humans are a unique bunch – probably the only creatures on earth who can remember events with detailed temporal and spatial information only to mentally and consciously re-experience them. Some feel "fresher" while others feel as tenuous as dust accumulated on a surface, waiting to be blown away and some like a cake batter with eggs and flour mixed together. A sort of non-linear mental time travel as Tulving posited in 1972.

D-5. 

I am in a classroom. No, not in school, but in church. This used to be an underground carpark until it was converted into classrooms for Sunday school. I realized wryly that its fundamental utility as a space has hardly changed – a temporary holding area where people (and things) come and go, to better places presumably. 

"Good afternoon, Wesley," A voice shook me out of my reverie. 

"Ah good afternoon Elder Andrew," I replied. 

"Let us start with a prayer before proceeding with the interview for your Confirmation. A formality, no doubt, given your record of service in church. But still, rules must be followed. Shall we?" Elder Andrew said softly with a smile. 

Thirty minutes later, we were done.

"Well done. I think you are more than prepared for a spiritual life in Christ. See you next week then, God bless." With that, Elder Andrew left the room. 

Just another interview, I thought in my mind. Honestly, those were questions I was taught how to answer since I started Sunday school. Preachers have a habit of rehashing the same message in different guises all the time. 

I met Edith on my way out of the basement, a friend of mine from church. 

"How was it? You must have aced it. It's a test with a 100% pass rate!" She laughed before running off to fellowship held in one of the classrooms underground. 

A test is an instrument designed to ascertain one's ability against a pre-determined benchmark. If everyone scores above it, then does it mean that the benchmark is set too low? But if the purpose of the test is to raise standards across the level as well, then surely it must sift out those who are flagging, no?

I shook off my thoughts and plastered a smile on my face as I met my parents and sister who were waiting for me. We were smiling as we said our goodbyes to church friends as we left the compound and went home. 

D+2. 

"I now pronounce you member of the Church. Please turn around to face the congregation." Intoned Pastor John. A huge round of applause rang out across the pews as cameras flashed. We all smiled for the cameras, a little uncertain which to face. It is over. I am finally Confirmed. 

Cameras were done snapping and we were shaking hands. I felt a tingling feeling, like some electrical current is coursing through my body while I smiled as brightly as I could, scanning the crowds for no one in particular. 

"Finally man! After all that delay," I heard James' drawl as he clapped me on my shoulder from the back. I always thought James stood too closely to me. 

"I have a title to defend you know." I muttered to James as I continued shaking hands with the tsunami of elders and deacons who have surged forward to congratulate us. 

Geography Challenge, the pillar of my academic life in school. It is a grueling competition held annually over three months which pushed me academically and physically. My school has won the title for the past two consecutive years and this is my second and final year representing my school. I will not be the one who loses it to our rivals. We won it again, making it our third. We would go on to hold the title for another four years. 

I finally got a moment to myself after ten minutes of congratulatory messages, hand shaking and photo taking. I was in a toilet behind the organ that rarely anyone uses. My hands were slick with soap suds when the door opened and I heard an all-too familiar voice. 

"Congratulations. You look stunning by the way." I looked up and there was Brandon leaning against the door casually. No, too casually. He was wearing a tight-fitting blue short-sleeved shirt which showed off his pecs and biceps. A watch with a red face and black leather strap. Skinny jeans which showed off his thighs and calves. And boots which we picked out together last week at a sale. 

Fuck.

We stared at each other. It could have been a fraction of a second. It could have been a minute. I honestly could not tell the time with him around. Time seems to acquire a degree of elasticity with him around. 

D

11.13.15.19.25.Right.18.26.32.Left.41.43 The numbers on the mailboxes flew past as I ran. I only registered them subconsciously. Nothing else mattered in my mind other than what Brandon and I just did. I slowed down to a jog and I found myself just a block from home. 

When I reached home, I went straight into the shower, only bothering to empty my pockets on my bed. My uniform, originally drenched in sweat and sex, was now soaking wet with freezing ice-cold water. What the fuck did I just do, I wondered. 

It took me half an hour to shower. Honestly. I normally take ten to fifteen minutes. My arms were heavy. And I felt dirty. Polluted. Corrupted. Like there is a cancerous cell multiplying exponentially somewhere inside me. 

At that time, United States v. Windsor, which led to the repeal of DOMA, was making its way through the courts. Dinner conversation that night revolved around DOMA. My parents were conservative Christians, to whom homosexuality is a sin. I muttered some platitudes. I have always supported same-sex marriage, albeit quietly and secretly. It seems reckless to pick a battle I cannot win. I left the dinner table determined to bury the afternoon and dinner conversation away.

But I could not. 

Brandon kept texting me. 

"Did you get home?"

"Are you okay?" 

"I'm sorry. I should not have done that."

"Reply me, pleaseee"

"Hey? I'm sorry. Just say somethinggg"

"Ehhhh I'm sorry, really."

He called me. At least ten times. And I just chucked my phone in my backpack and let it buzz and buzz and buzz away.

God knows I really tried to focus on Bronte's Jane Eyre that night. But I kept reading and re-reading the same paragraph. Jane recognized that the hills surrounding Lowood were imprisoning her and sought liberty. I could not even see the hills then. 

D+1

I woke up from a dream. I dreamt of yesterday afternoon. I reached down and my pants were slick and sticky. Fuck. Who still get wet dreams at eighteen? Me, apparently. It's only six-thirty in the morning. I felt this burst of restlessness that would plague me for the rest of the day. I changed into a singlet and a pair of running shorts. 

I looked at myself in the mirror and let my narcissistic tendencies take over. I smiled. Brandon would have smirked. He has always said that I looked sexed up in this outfit which emphasized my lean figure and toned muscles. I groaned inwardly at the somewhat unwelcome thought of Brandon's words. Not now, please. I just want to forget. 

I ran through around the suburb which I lived in which is built on a little hill. I reached a little playground which I used to frequent with my father when I was a toddler. It was still a little dark and the trees certainly did not help. That was when I saw someone on the seesaw. A guy my size, sitting there. His back profile looks familiar, perhaps someone from school. But definitely not Brandon, he never wakes before nine on weekends, I thought. As I walked towards him, I heard him sniffing and crying.  

His phone buzzed with an incoming message. I froze and gasped. That Doraemon message tone can only be... As if on cue, he turned around. It is Brandon alright and his cheeks seemed puffy. If it was brighter, I would have seen his bloodshot eyes. But even in the low-light environment, I could not have missed those tears on his cheeks. He began to stand.

My heart contracted and I felt this sharp pain in my chest that made me gasp. I wanted to go over and sit next to him. Heck, I wanted to go over and give him a hug. I wanted to say "It's okay". I wanted to say "I'm the ass. Forgive me please." But I could not. I do not know why. 

Instead, all I could say was a garbled "Not now." And I ran home, like an asshole. Like a coward. It was only when I reached home then I realized that the sweat on my face were actually tears. I have not cried in ages. 

The rest of the day passed by in a blur. All I could think of were Brandon's tear-streaked face in the morning and the hurt from the day before. 

D+2

Even now, all I could think of is his face. 

He broke the silence first. "I get it. I get it, you know." He said it so softly that I could barely hear him. 

He seemed to straighten up by a bit and continued, "Lunch date with Jason. Gotta go. Have a nice day." He paused, bit the inside of his cheek and gave a me wide smile which sent a current through me. And he left, just like that.

Date. Jason. Did he seriously just say date? Jason is a friend of his. Brandon knows that I think Jason is a little ambiguous and appears to be interested in him. 

And, "Have a nice day". He never ever said that to me before. The only time I heard him say that phrase was to an idiot in school whom he had just obliterated in a debate. 

So now I am just another idiot? 

God. I was shaking so hard that I had to grip the edge of the sink. It hurt. That really hurt. Karma is a bloody bitch.