 It's a brisk October night and my roommate and I have both gone to bed early before our midterms tomorrow. The window is open to allow fresh air into our cramped room so I'm wrapped up in a heavy blanket. We say out good nights and turn off the lights. I settle into my pillow and close my eyes waiting for sleep. 

I don't have much luck in that department though. In the nearly two months singing coming to school I haven't hacked off once. And, without a girlfriend to help out, I've been having a hard time relaxing. I know a lot of guys jerk off in the shower or when their roommates are out but I've been to afraid of getting caught. The situation is becoming dire though since it's become harder and harder to fall asleep or focus on class. It's also beginning really awkward as I pop a boner at the slightest suggestion of something sexual. 

Tonight was no different. I toss and turn trying to fall asleep without any luck. As I lay in bed my thought begin to wander and focus on the man sleep just a few feet away. My roommate Tom is in the school rugby team. He's 6'2" and built like a tank. He's got muscles for days and a six pack that always makes me want to run my tongue over it. He's got short brown and green eyes that always look like they're laughing. Also, having been living with him for a while now I could tell he was well hung. I'd never seen his cock but he liked to walk around our room in his briefs that didn't leave much to the imagination. 

As I continued to think about Tom's chiseled body I could feel my dick respond. I tried to think about something different but it was too late. My whole body wanted Tom and my mind couldn't focus on anything else. Quite quickly I was sporting a major hard-on and could do anything about it. 

I rolled over to face the center of the room. Wide awake, with my eyes open I noticed something. Tom was not actually asleep like I had thought. He was being quiet but judging by how his blankets were moving my hunk of a roommate was jerking off, with me just a few feet away. Fixated on him, without thinking, I began playing with my own cock. I held it firmly in my hand and used my thumb to gently massage the tip. I held my breath to keep from moaning. After all these weeks it felt so good to touch myself but I still didn't want to get caught. 

After a few minutes Tom seem to forget himself and threw his blanket aside and began jerking himself in earnest. The curtain on my side of the room hung crooked letting enough moonlight through to highlight Tom's body. He was glistening with sweat as he worked his huge cock. It must have been at least 9 inches. I could hear him grunting quietly and he pulled on his dick with one hand and massages his shaved balls with the other. 

With Tom's naked body on full display I felt risky and decided to do something I never would have expected from myself. I threw off my own blanket and sat up leaning against the wall and moaned loudly to get Tom's attention while I played with myself. Startled Tom looked over and stopped aging with himself. I'm no athlete like Tom but I'm lean with some well toned muscles and have a generally attractive face. While it's not the most impressive I liked my body and was feeling confident showing it off. 

I made eye contact with Tom and nodded at him to let him know he should keep going. He sat up facing me leaning against his own wall and soon resumed pounding his meat. The room felt warm and muggy despite the open window and had begun to smell like sex. We never said a word but both out on a show for each other, moaning and posing occasionally and we jerked off to the sight of each other. 

After a few minutes I could feel my orgasm building. Honestly given my dry spell I'm surprised I lasted as long as I did. I could feel a warmth spreading through my body and I felt my balls tighten and I got ready for my first orgasm in weeks. I knelt on the edge of my bed, closed my eyes, and moaned loudly as rope after rope of hot cum shot out my dick and landed in the carpet in front of Tom. I opened my eyes and messaged the last few drops of cum out before looking at Tom as I licked them off my fingers and sat back down on my bed. My display seemed to push Tom over the edge as he picked up his pace and began moaning louder. Moments later he followed my lead, knelt on the edge of his bed and came all over the floor. As his cum erupted from his dick all I wanted was to catch it in my mouth and suck him off. That is something I will have to save for another time though. Tonight we both just layed back down and covered ourselves up. For the first time in ages I slept like a rock, relaxed at last.