 Last night I went to a local bar to watch the Pittsburgh Penquins and NY Rangers game. I chose to go to the bar because everyone else I could watch a game with was either busy or gone away. My wife had gone to Toronto with two of her friends for the weekend, so I had the house all to myself.

I am 66 years old, straight and very oral. Although I am really curious, I would rather than a pussy to taste, lick, and suck than someone's dick. But last night and this morning put a new twist on my desires.

The bar I went to had seating for about 40 people, with every table having access to a nice size TV screen. The game was on about half of them; the other half didn't have sports on--only NBA, and that's hardly a sport :) The bar was in a semi-circle with four TVs going: two hockey and to freak-shows (guys with a big orange ball running up and down the court freely because no ref calls travelling any more.)

At the beginning of the second period as I was sitting at the bar, a guy about 22-24 squeezed between me and another guy at the bar to order a draft. It was already 1-0 for NY, then 2-0 and it looked like it was going to be a blowout. I acknowledged the guy's presence and he said, "Hey, if you guys want to join us at my table, you're welcome." The guy next to me said, "No, I have to leave after this beer, but thanks for asking."

It's not much fun watching any game alone, so I said I'd be happy to. He got his beer, I ordered a pitcher and ask the bartender to bring them to our table in a few minutes, then went with the guy.

The table was a bit crowded, so the guy who invited me over pulled an extra chair up along side of him and squeezed me in. Then, he introduced his four friends: Carl, Tim, Greg, and Cory. His name was Brent; and introduced myself. I was the oldest one there, and all the rest were in their 20s. Certainly I was odd man out in this situation, but I just figured they were being nice to me.

Now that the table for four had six guys at it, Brent and I were very, very close to each other. As it worked out, there were only two Rangers fans, Brent--my new friend, and Greg. The rest of us were cheering for Crosby and friends. Despite all of the rivalry, everyone of us agreed that Sean Avery is an idiot who shouldn't be in hockey.

We just got comfortable when NY scored again to make it 3-0. Now the rivalry was heated up, but I wasn't holding out much hope for the Pens at this point. Brent looked at me and said, "Don't be too sad. It's only the first game." laughingly. "Maybe next game, we'll let your get a goal.

The pitcher of beer came to our table and everyone wanted to pitch in, but I told them it was my treat. I just finished topping up my glass when Pittsburgh scored to make it 3-1 and the bar went into a loud cheer. Brent leaned to me and said, "I might have to eat my words, Bruce." and gave my knee a squeeze. I couldn't respond because 14 seconds later, the Pens scored again to make it a 3-2 game. Again, Brent put his hand on my thigh and squeezed. I put my hand on his, not to move it away, but to acknowledge his presence. I put my hand back up on the table, but he kept his there because where he was sitting, no one could see his hand.

The bar became quite rowdy at this point and everyone was enjoying himself. When the game went to 3-3, a debate began about whether the Pens would come back and win the game. Brent whispered to me, "I'll bet you a blow job that this is NY's game. Are you on?" he asked as his hand slid up the inside of my thigh. I didn't answer him, but I looked at him and raised my eyebrows as if to say I was thinking about it.

The third period was even more exciting, both for the hockey game and the free feels I was getting from him. I have to admit that I liked it, especially when he let his hand brush the end of my dick. When the game went to 4-3 for the Pens, everyone jumped up--everyone except Brent and I because I had a hard-on and couldn't stand up without revealing what was going on. I did let out a yell and raised my two arms in the air. While everyone else was on their feet, Brent grasped my dick and said, "I guess I owe you one." I responded "Yeah, and I intend to collect."

Now things were exciting in one way, but that excitement went away as soon as the Rangers tied up the game at 4-4. "Maybe I'm the one who is going to collect on the BJ, Bruce." he quietly said to me. "Will you pay up if the Rangers win?"

"Brent, you can't have a one-sided bet. Yes, if the Rangers win, I owe you." I said.

"What do you owe him," Cory asked. I told him that I would buy the final round if NY won this game; and if the Pens won, he would have to buy.

Wouldn't you know it: NY gets a penalty with only about two minutes to go and the Pens score to make it 5-4. NY couldn't come back, despite hitting the goal post on one shot and the game was over. Pittsburgh 5, NY 4. HOW SWEET IT IS!!

Brent kept his word and bought a round for the table, but there were only three of us who could stay, him, me, and Tim, who had to leave right after his beer was gone.

"OK, Bruce. Time for the real pay-off. Do you know where we can go?" Brent asked.

"I'm batching it for the next two days. Let's go to my place. The Dallas game is on at 10:00; want to watch it?"

"Yeah, I'll watch it with you, but that's not my main goal." he said.

"Not mine either, Brent." I answered.

We drove our cars back to my place and went inside.

"So, Bruce, what are you all about anyway? Do you like young boys, or are you flexible?"

"No, I don't like young boys or guys your age for that matter. I'm not even gay or bi-sexual."

"Then, are you bi-curious?" he asked.

"Yeah, I guess you could say that. I didn't have any inkling of meeting up with anyone until you started roaming your hands over my leg. I have to admit, that felt pretty good and made me want to explore this opportunity. So, what now?"

"I promised you a blow job and I will deliver on that promise unless you would rather just pass on this." he said.

"Let's grab a beer and go downstairs and watch the Dallas-San Jose game for a bit." I suggested. He agreed.

He looked at me and said, "So how come you're alone this weekend? It's quite a coincidence that I am, too. My wife has been in Moncton, NB all this week and won't be home until late Sunday night." I told him where my wife was, and turned on the TV.

My TV room is a dark room set up almost as a surround-sound home theatre, but I haven't bought the speakers yet. I have a multimedia projector mounted on the ceiling but runs with only normal speakers. Kinda crappy, but only for a little while longer. There are no windows in this room so that we can enjoy HD at its best.

Brent and I sat side-by-side on the couch to watch the game. I was cheering for San Jose because I had picked them to win the cup around the middle of January. Brent didn't care who won.

We watched the game without talking very much, but that was only because I had something else on my mind. I wanted his dick. I actually wanted to suck him off.

I slid over so our bodies were touching and I put my hand on his thigh. He opened his legs a bit, and I knew what that meant. I let my hand go on the inside of his thigh and moved it up and down. "That feels good, Bruce. Take it if you want."

I reached up and undid his belt buckle, slid his zipper down and reached in and grabbed his cock. "Can I suck you, Brent?" I asked.

"Hey, you won the bet, Bruce. I'm supposed to be sucking you off, not the other way around. But, I won't object." he said.

I told him to stand up in front of me. As he did, he let his pants slide down and kicked them off to the side. He started to take off his briefs, but I moved his hands away and slid them down myself. I moved to the edge of the couch and let his cock touch my lips. I took it in my hand and rubbed it all over my lips and face. It felt really good because it was warm and soft and even smelled good.

I put my hands on Brent's ass and brought him right into me. "Suck my cock, Bruce. Play with my balls. Do me."

I took a bit of Brent's cock in my mouth and pulled my head away, then back to his cock, then pulled away. I had a pretty good rhythm going when Brent took my head in his hands and held me by the hair as he began to fuck my mouth.

"Oh, suck it Bruce. Take my cock all the way into your mouth, Honey. Let me fuck your mouth. It feels so good." he kept saying as he swayed back and forth. It felt so good that I was on the verge of cumming myself, so I pushed him back so that his cock was out of my mouth. 

"I have to stop, Brent, or I'm going to cum." I told him.

"Dont' cum yet, Bruce. I want to taste you. I want you to fuck me." he said as his breathing was getting stronger.

I sort of push him down on the floor gently as I stood up and took off all my clothes. My cock was as hard as could be and probably longer than I could ever remember it being. I stood over him and he said, "Your cock is gorgeous, Bruce. Let me suck it. Let me suck you until you cum."

He got up on his knees and began to blow me. Man, was he ever good! He knew how to use his tongue and his lips; he knew how to cup my balls; he knew how erogenous the space between my balls and my ass was. This was the best blow job I ever had.

"Bruce, you can come in my mouth if you want to, or you can cum all over me." Brent told me. I told him that I wanted to make this last as long as he could. I didn't want to cum right now.

"Let's 69-it, Bruce. Come lie beside me and suck each other off." he said. It was an offer I couldn't and wouldn't refuse, so I laid down on my side with my face in front of his cock. I licked the end of it and tasted the cum that was already leaking out. I cupped his balls and grazed my face back and forth over his cock without actually holding it.

"Oh, Bruce, that's so good. You're so hot." he said as he licked the head of my cock before putting it in his mouth. He held onto it with one hand while he let the other hand go to my ass. He swirled his hand around my ass, letting his fingers enter the crack. When he touched my ass bud, I jumped because it felt so good. He took his mouth off my dick long enough to ask, "Can I go in, Bruce?" I just mumbled "Uh-huh" and he put one finger into my ass.

I pushed my face right into Brent's cock and took it all, then I did to him what he did to me. I inserted a finger into his ass and gently pumped it in and out a few times. He joined me in tandum, and there we were, sucking each other's cock and finger-fucking each other's ass. It was absolutely fantastic.

"I can't take this any more, Brent. I'm going to cum." I told him.

"Me, too. Let's do it." he replied and we simultaneously shot a load down each other's throat. 

"I've got lots left, Bruce. Do you want me to fuck your ass?" he asked.

"No, I'm not ready for that yet. Maybe on another occasion." I replied. "But you can sit on my chest and let me have the rest of your cum if you want to. I want to watch it shoot out." I tod him.

With that, Brent sat up, straddled my body so that his cock was just about even with my chin. I took it in my hands and rubbed him up and down. "Fuck my mouth again, Brent. Give me your cum. Shoot it all over me." I begged.

Brent face-fucked me again for about two minutes then yelled, "Here it is Bruce." and he shot his cum up my face, near my mouth, on my chin, and down on my chest. 

It was my first facial and I loved it. I cleaned some of the cum with my fingers and sucked them clean. I leaned my head up and took the end of his cock in my mouth and sucked it dry.

"I've got to stop, Brent. I'm out of breath. Thanks a lot."

"Wow, Bruce, you're a real cock whore. Do you do this often?

"No, as a matter of fact, I haven't done this for ages and at that time it was only a quick blow job exchange. I'd love to be your suck-buddy if you are interested." I told him.

"For sure, I'd love to have you as a suck-buddy. I am very discreet about this, though. I made a pass at you tonight because I left the house horny. I had no idea I would encounter anything even close to this. Yeah, I'm ready to call it a night, too, but first let me end the night by paying my bet. Sit up on the couch."

I sat on the couch, he got down on his knees and blew me. It didn't take long this time, and my cock was nice and clean when we finished.

We got dressed, watched some of the game, then decided to call it a night. We exchanged private e-mail addresses and work phone numbers. We talked about how we could find time to do this again. Since his wife travels a lot for her work, at least his place is open for a get-away. We planned to introduce our wives to each other so that our friendship wouldn't cause any type of suspicion.

We went back upstairs and as I reached for the door for him, we leaned into each other and kissed goodnight. "Fuck, that's nice, Bruce. You are good." I'll give you a call tomorrow.

He left and all I could hope for was a way to find another suck-session with him. He's the good one, not me. I'm ready for me.