 Hi guys, apologies for my submission. I have been busy with work and submissions will take a while from now on. By now, it should be obvious that Ch.03 was not an error! XD

*****

Alec:

Wisps of steam rise from the stream as it rustles and flows along the shallow riverbed, flanked on both sides by forested valleys, leaves tinted orange, red and yellow. The original maple story. Stunning in its ephemeral beauty, the trees' swansong before the deep freeze arrives. Yet I am excited because this stream is near the source of the hot spring. Black not-so-well-hidden pipes siphon water off to the hot spring guesthouses downstream. There were other couples all scattered around, dipping their feet into the water. I jogged to a comfortable spot, took off my shoes and dipped my feet into the hot water as a gust of cold wind swept through the valley, bringing with it ominous-looking rain clouds and pungent stench of sulphur (and rotten eggs). 

"Fuck!" I had scalded myself. The water was too hot. 

"Warned you so," Brandon taunted from behind me.

It is too warm and heavy. I wake up and was treated to a mop of blonde hair on my chest. Seb, the Australian stud, had decided to sprawl himself all over me. Surprisingly, the futon could fit both of us. For some reason, I wish that it is Brandon who is sprawled all over me even though it is impossible; heck he has said as much. I cannot help but think of him, even in my dreams. There is no room for me, there never was and he had warned me before. I have lost my best friend and lover of four years. 

Seb and I were both decidedly hard, our morning wood pressing against each other. It is just downright erotic and hot as hell. Seb, with his athletic build, washboard abs and chiseled pecs, now breathing gently against my neck. Memories of our intense gymnastic session the night before brought a wry smile to my face - the stud begging for my dick and looking thoroughly well-fucked by the end of it. 

Then again, Brandon and I were like that once too, were we not? Me, lying on his abs, gently teasing his balls and dick as he moaned while his fingers played with my hair. In the end, we still...That sobering thought chased away all else, like storm clouds in the sky. 

Seb rolled over and freed me, tossing the quilt to one side in the process. God he really can sleep, it is already seven thirty. Then again, I am a morning person. Time for a wake-up call, or rather, wake-up suck, I thought. If I wanted to be slutty, might as well go down the full way. 

I licked the tip of his cock, savoring his taste slowly before taking his entire seven-inch length in my mouth as I fondled his balls, gently teasing him. 

"Fuck, Alec, that's so hot." he moaned, as his eyes snapped open, all signs of drowsiness gone. His head flopped back onto the futon in a sign of surrender as I licked the underside of his shaft. Fifteen minutes later, my pre-breakfast appetizer was served. 

I recalled the dream I had as I changed. I have burnt myself, badly, I thought. Seb was murmuring something as he insisted on styling my hair. I admire his handiwork in the mirror; gotta give him his due, he is good with his hands.

I scrolled through the long list of unread messages on my phone as we walked to the dining room. One of them is from Darius, my best friend since I was 14 and my current flat mate, which he sent a few days ago. 

"Do I need to send a search-and-rescue party into the Japanese Alps? xD". 

No wonder he is my personal shrink, he knows me best. I had left the country in a hurry without telling anyone, only adhering to an itinerary I had planned with Darius on a trip which we never executed many years ago when we were both still in high school. I ignored his message. 

Breakfast was delicious. Thank goodness Seb could use a pair of chopsticks properly. I doubt I can handle the well of unwelcome memories that will come rushing to the surface of my mind, if I have to teach him, like I did with Brandon. 

"Dude, where did you learn how to fuck? Last night was phenomenal and I am no Mary or Joseph," Seb drawled, rather randomly. 

Thank goodness we were the only ones in the dining room and we were done eating.

"Practice makes perfect, dear" I replied sweetly as I winked back at him. 

Someone gasped and I looked up. 

Oh fuck. 

Fuck you, Darius. Why did you dispatch a search-and-rescue team - the worst possible one too?

********************************************* 

Brandon:

We froze and looked at each other in the eye. The world seemed to stop turning on its axis. Nothing else mattered except him. We were in a bubble with the Australian enclave sequestered in one corner, making its presence felt. Time seems to adopt a non-liner quality with Alec. It surges and ebbs like the tides, pulling us together and apart at the same time. But Alec only waxes, he never wanes. I could see him like the full moon on a relatively cloudless night - but it is not hard to feel the cold winds bellowing around us, sending clouds our way, threatening to overshadow everything. I must have been blind to send him away. 

Alec finally stood up. He seemed slimmer. His features sharper since we last met. Since I pushed him away, and he ran off. His lean and toned five foot nine frame has never failed to attract me. The black hair slicked back in a new retro 30s style that so befits his face shape. Back in high school, he was just above average, just another intellectual. But over the years since graduation, his features have only grown sharper and more defined. Definitely more than above average. 

"How nice to see you Brandon. What a coincidence. Brandon, Seb. Seb, Brandon" Alec said smoothly as he made the introductions.

"Hey" Mr Down Under said sheepishly as he blushed. He obviously knew that I heard what he said. There were only three of us in the room anyway. 

"Hi" I said rather stiffly and tried to plaster a smile - but I could not. 

"Let's go Seb. Enjoy your breakfast Brandon. Have a nice day" Alec continued with a faint smile as he extended his hand to his new-found lover before striding out hand in hand. 

I stood rooted to the spot as Alec and Seb strode out of the room towards the entrance. Alec pulled on his woolen sweater that fit over his frame like a glove - a sweater we bought together in Helsinki last spring. He was wearing a pair of spray-on skinny jeans which of course showed off his lean and toned legs. Jeans from Pull&Bear. Four years with someone makes one so attuned to each other's' behavior, habits and personal effects. 

Sex has its unintended consequences, no? I thought silently. A tear rolled down my cheek without me realizing it until the granny from yesterday walked in with my breakfast tray and she stared at me with a questioning look. I hastily wiped it off with the sleeve of my sweater as I sat down at the tiny table with my name displayed on a placard. She began setting my table and handed me a pair of chopsticks, a fork and a spoon. 

My phone buzzed with an incoming message from Jasper. "How's Japan? Found Alec?" 

I pushed my phone back into my pocket and started eating the rice, salmon, tofu and whatever silently with my chopsticks. The breakfast was probably delicious judging how Alec and Seb appeared to have eaten everything on their tray. But everything is tasteless nowadays. There are only two tastes left perceptible to me: sourness and bitterness. 

Or they could have been simply starving from their intense bedroom workout last night - I thought with a pang of pain. 

"No you don't hold them like this idiot. You need to hold them firmly with the thumb and your fingers in this position." Alec chided gently as he corrected the way I held my chopsticks. His thumb brushed over mine as he leaned over. I could smell the sensual scent of his musky body wash - probably from The Body Shop. Alec's parents worked in Hong Kong and Taiwan for a decade and they taught him everything about Chinese culture from Mandarin to eating with chopsticks. 

"Your slim and toned legs are easier to handle than this," I said aloud, as I tried to stab at the piece of sashimi for the umpteenth time. 

Alec gave up and fed me a piece of sashimi with his chopsticks instead. 

"Slut, say ahhhhhhhh" he teased softly. 

His breath hitched as I swallowed the small piece of raw salmon and continued to suck on the end of his chopsticks while looking at him. His pupils dilated and I recognized that look. That look of lust. 

"Ah" I moaned as he pulled the chopsticks out of my mouth.

"Not now" he whispered back shakily.

"Why not?" I demanded as I leaned over and claimed Alec's mouth. His mouth is slightly salty from the shoyu but that only made him even more delicious as I ravaged him, our tongues twirling against one another. I pulled him down to straddle me as he leaned forward, pressing me against the back of my chair. 

We pulled apart and panted as though we had just completed a workout. 

"Alec, you make me fucking horny all the time."

"No shit Sherlock. The feeling's mutual. Too much dressing don't you think?" he smirked.

That cocky bastard...

I stood up suddenly, catching him by surprise. I bit on his swollen lips and pushed him against my dining table. 

"Time to rectify the problem." I breathed as I pressed both his wrists together with one hand. I unbuttoned his shirt with my other hand, biting and kissing him as I went along. I saw how low his jeans rested as they exposed the toned v of his hips. I licked and kissed him there, my tongue probing below the waistband of his jeans while he writhed and moaned in pleasure. I released his wrists as I began stripping him in earnest, cupping, feeling and licking his impressive length and package through the fabric of his tight briefs.

"Ahh...Ugh...Don't stop please."

I turned around and pushed him back into the chair, me straddling him this time as our cocks rubbed against each other. 

"Fuck me, Alec, please"

His breath caught as we gazed at each other, lust unfurling in our eyes and written in caps on our faces. The gravity of what I had just said registering in his look.

"Bareback."

"Are you sure, Bran?"

"Definitely."

I knelt down and started my ministrations on his seven-inch cock. I licked at his slit while looking up at him. His head thrown back in pleasure. I swirled my tongue around his sensitive head before taking him whole, down to his base. Until his trimmed pubes were in my face. I could feel him thrusting into my throat while I tried to suppress my gag reflex. I swallowed as he moaned in pleasure. 

I saw him reach into a pocket in his discarded jeans and he pulled out a small tube of lubricant. 

"Stop or you will make me cum soon." I released his cock with a pop and smacked my lips, instantly missing my Alec-flavored Popsicle. 

"Stand up," he ordered.

Then, he pulled me towards him and started licking and sucking on my dick as well. It was hot as fuck as I started playing with his short black hair. I could see him bobbing up and down on my dick, sucking and licking along the way while his fingers, slick and wet with lube started exploring my ass. He teased my hole with the cold gel, making me moan and thrust in his mouth as he growled in appreciation. 

He did not stop there. I could feel his finger opening me up tentatively, always staying near my entrance. As he went down on my dick, I could feel his finger plunging into me, opening me up. I gasped and thrusted into his mouth again, gagging him. And he did that again and again as I mewed in pleasure. One finger became two and then three as he widened me. 

"Just fuck me already Alec!!" I whined as his fingers stroked my pleasure button. I grabbed the tube of lube and started to stroke his rock-hard cock with it. He pulled us back onto the chair. This time round, I am straddling him. I could feel his dick resting between my butt cheeks as I leaned down to kiss him. While his hands rested on my hips.

"Ready?" 

"Yeah"

Without warning, he grabbed me and lifted me by my hips and brought my lubed up hole to his dick. 

"Really?" He taunted as he gently thrust upwards, teasing me at my entrance.

Fuck, my man is strong, I thought, as I looked at his straining biceps. 

"Does this feel ready?" I shot back as I sat down on him, taking his entire length up my ass. Fuck, bad move, I thought as the pain shot through me. I winced. 

"Not to me, Captain. But fuck you're damn tight and hot. And you're fucking hot, as usual." Alec said as he gritted his teeth, referring to my title as captain of the soccer team. He kissed me gently, his hands running across my abs and nipples while we got used to the sensation. It was a little uncomfortable, but there was this sensation of being filled and complete. I started to relax. 

"Feels good?" He whispered into my ear as he bit my earlobe, and my eyes fluttered. Damn, Alec sure knew how to sex me up. 

"Ye-ye-yeah...oh fuck!" I screamed as Alec started moving and thrusting his dick slightly to brush against my prostate. The waves of pleasure that swept through me proved overwhelming. His fingers were gently stroking me at my waist making circular patterns as he made those oh-so-subtle movements that made me moan in pleasure. 

Alec does have the ability to surprise. He grabbed me again, lifted me and laid me on my own dining table, with half his dick still inside me. He lifted my legs and rested them on his shoulder. I gripped on to the edge of the table, subconsciously knowing what is coming next. His arms moved to the inside of my thighs gently stroking as he said, "Hold on tight, okay. Tell me if it hurts and I will stop." I could not have said no even if my life had depended on it, such was the intensity of the moment. 

He thrust hard, and hit that button in me while I screamed and thrashed in pleasure on the table. In and out, in and out. I lifted my head a little and I saw his cock disappearing into my ass, sending waves of pleasure washing over my lust-clouded mind. Alec was moaning in pleasure as he moved, a thin layer of sweat covering his torso. I looked into his lust-filled eyes and I saw something else, something else which I could not quite place. But it is precisely this unnamed look that sent over into the abyss as I came and shot all over my stomach, neck and face. My ass contracted involuntarily and Alec gasped loudly in pleasure. 

"Don't stop" I begged him, as he continued thrusting and hammering away at my prostate, sending me into spasms as I kept coming, with ropes of my own cum painting my body. 

"Fuck, fuck, fuck. Bran!" Alec shouted as he came in my ass, the hot sticky fluid filling my channel. We were both panting. 

Suddenly, Alec pointed out, "Oh dear the sashimi..." I turned and I saw that bits of my own cum had coated slices of the sashimi which was just next to me. 

"Rolling good times" I drawled. Even to myself, I sound well-fucked. 

"'Fucking' is a much better adjective" Alec deadpanned as he leaned down as if to kiss me while his fingers scooped up my own cum and sweat. He licked his cum-filled fingers clean and smacked his lips before kissing me. I could still taste myself. And it was hot as fuck. 'Fuck' is a better choice indeed.

"Daijobu? Not nice?" The friendly granny's voice brought me back to the present. I realized that half an hour had passed and I had barely finished a quarter of the food. I blinked back the tears that the memories have brought. I failed. A drop rolled down my cheeks. 

"No no. It's good but..." I could not find the words to describe this precarious situation I find myself in. 

"Sad, yes? Ganbatte ne" The granny smiled encouragingly. For the first time in days, I felt reassured and more determined, despite the wreck I am. I know what ganbatte means. Alec explained before - it means to shoulder on, stay strong and give it your best. 

*********************************************

Alec:

"He's your ex, isn't he? And you have come here to escape from him. Right?" Seb drawled, breaking the silence. I started and nodded.

We were walking around the old town like two friends. It was a companionable silence as he admired the wooden buildings while I was lost in my own thoughts. 

"Was it that obvious?"

"You looked so sad yesterday on the train and in the bath. This morning, you were awake before I was and the way you sat on the tatami looking into the distance was heartbreaking." Seb said softly before continuing. "Besides, that myriad of expressions on your face this morning was epic. Shock and joy when you first saw him; then sadness and anger. It was as though your sadness was fueling your coldness as you introduced us. And you have been thinking about this morning; in fact, everything, right?" 

I got to give him credit. Seb IS observant and astute. 

"It hurts. I feel like my mind is going to pieces. It's like the Greek story of Prometheus - tied and trapped in this relationship only for it to be picked apart again and again. I..." I choked as the dam of emotions began to overwhelm me, again. 

"Hey, it's fine. I'm here for you okay. Shhhh" Seb shushed softly as he hugged me while I cried. I could feel his biceps flex as he wrapped them around my back, pulling me into the warmth of his chest. I could feel his pecs while his big and warm hands pressed me to him. 

We stood like this on the quiet street by a frozen canal, overlooked by trees laden with ice and snow. Some warmth in an otherwise icy and bleak landscape. I looked up and I thought I saw a familiar figure dart into a shop.

"Thanks Seb. In case you were wondering, no I am not using you. Sex last night was mind-blowingly amazing and you're an awesome guy. Do you mind if I take a walk alone and we meet at the sake breweries in an hour and a half? I wanna clear my thoughts." I said somewhat gruffly as I calmed down. 

"Sure, gotta send some postcards anyway. Are you sure you're okay? Gimme your number."

I nodded as we swapped numbers. Before I left, we hugged and kissed. It was supposed to be a gentle one, but our tongues started finding each other again, as we licked and explored, as though we were asking for more. I could feel our rapidly hardening cocks as I pressed him onto the railing, eliciting a moan from him as we ground against each other subtly. We were panting as we separated. 

**********************************************

Brandon:

Knowing Alec, he would tackle the morning markets first before the old town. He told me that much before. That time I was lying on his floor and him on my abs. Both of us stark naked, my cum pooling in his ass while we looked up at the ceiling. "Exploration is a hungry business. So markets first before anything else when I travel, to stock up on food to eat, like now..." He leered as started fondling my balls and my hard cock again... 

I have to talk to him, make my stand clear, regardless of whether the Australian dude is there. I could not find him in the morning market. I was getting desperate as I walked through the quiet and snowy streets of Old Takayama. I finally caught sight of a blonde guy as he turned around a corner. My hopes were up and I was rehearsing in my mind what I was going to say to Alec as I followed them round the corner. 

What I saw stopped me in my tracks as snow began to fall lightly. 

It is Alec and the dude alright. They were standing in the middle of the street, talking. I saw Alec's frame start to shake before the dude enveloped Alec in his arms, tightly. It would have made a perfect scene from a tableau, or a promotional poster for a romantic movie. Only that Alec is mine, or was mine, I thought forlornly. Anger and jealousy reared their ugly heads as I nearly went over to prize Alec out of his arms and into my own. He belonged with me. I could almost hear his sobs and feel his tears as though he was with me. I want to be the one who wipes his tears away and not cause them. I want to be there for him. I want to...
