 I didn't know what 'cottaging' was until I was about 20 and at that time, I was young , naive and looking for Mr Right rather than a good shag. Once I'd found Mr Right, almost 15 years later, I wanted to have my cake and eat it.

I don't know if it's peculiarly British (or English even) but some of the public toilets I've visited, just for a pee even, were in various states of disrepair or even almost derelict and not the sort of places, even for a piss lover like me, to want to hang out on a Sunday afternoon, with their smell of stale ammonia filling the air. I smoked, just to mask the smell. So much better, weather permitting, to hit a beach or cruising ground.

Nowadays, most of the cottages have closed, blamed on local government spending cuts, and those that remain open are made cottage proof with CCTV and entrance fees. And smoking in enclosed public spaces is illegal. 

When we first moved to London Docklands, I was like a kid in a sweet shop. A choice on my doorstep both north and south of the Thames, linked by a foot tunnel. All the way down to Woolwich, again some respite and eye candy (or mouth candy) both sides of the river. And there was usually that much to choose from, I could afford to be choosy and choose the others who could afford to be too.

My favourite, which last had it's gate locked permanently shut when the houses were built on the adjacent car park for the old cinema, itself converted to modern apartments, was behind the bike shop. I'm surprised it had stayed open as long as it did, but for me it was handy, after a Saturday or Sunday afternoon swim, to check out the variety of talent. I met people who came from all over, sometimes spending their entire day exposing their hard ons to likeminded guys, in there or up at Blackheath Standard. Also sadly long since closed. 

One day, I met Perry. As usual, I had been swimming just along the road, and was clean and chlorinated. Sometimes there was action in the showers, but this particular afternoon it was not to be. So I went to see what was happening behind the bike shop as I had a good hour and a half before they came at six o'clock and closed it.

I entered as usual, smoking a cigarette. There was an old guy at the end urinal in the far corner so I stayed nearer the other end, opposite the first cubicle. The old guy was playing with himself so I stared steadfastly at the wall ahead. I thought we were alone as all the other cubicle doors were open, however I hadn't checked and somebody shuffled to the door of the third along, either having finished peeing or having not peed at all. I glanced round and avoided all eye contact and encouragement with granddad.

Perry stood there and I took a drag on my cigarette, trying to be cool. He came and stood at the next urinal but one to me, unzipped his trousers and I tried to subtly see what he had in his hands. He likewise, tried to check mine out. I don't know if he was pleased with what he'd briefly seen, my erection, or was somewhat amused at the situation but a half smile crossed his lips.

He was taller than me, about six foot, slim to medium build, blue eyes and a round, clean shaven face with a parting and a swish of light brown hair. The smile was kind of cute and a little bit sexy, not dirty, just suggestive really. His clothes weren't ill fitting but neither were they flattering although immaculately clean and pressed. I liked what I saw. He did up his fly and went into the cubicle immediately behind me so I had to try and turn my head 180 degrees to see what he was up to, and he stood there and dropped his trousers, playing with the substantial bulge in his briefs. I had turn to look at him over my left shoulder so the old guy wouldn't get any ideas and was just about to cross and join him when I heard someone else coming in to the toilet block. I signalled to Perry and he turned round, pretending to be peeing albeit with his trousers round his ankles.

The guy that entered walked down the length of the stalls and urinals, the old guy must have thought it was his lucky day as this one was another looker too. He had denim jeans, a tight t shirt under an open hoodie, dark hair and piercing blue eyes and he was slim, about my height, 5'9. He didn't have stubble but perhaps a couple of days growth, if I had to guess I would say he was due to shave the next morning, Monday, back to the grind.

He came and stood next to me, clearly aware of the interest between Perry and I. And maybe fancied a piece of the action. He was very unsubtle about taking a look at my cock although it wasn't quite as hard as before as my heart was pounding from nerves. Some guys get a thrill out of law breaking but the thought of a criminal record and my name in the local paper has a deflating effect on my cock as I see my career disappear before me...

Well, he pulled his cut and erect cock out of his jeans, I noticed he was commando and unlike me he seemed to have a full bush. I was unsure how he'd react to some shaven dick like mine but I teased it a little and it returned to full size. I also turned so Perry could get a good look and he resumed stroking his bulge so we could both see it before lowering the waistband of his briefs and letting the end and head of his knob pop up. He was a big lad, at least 7 inches and with more girth than many that length that I've seen but in perfect proportion. 

I wasn't sure where this was leading but with my dick in one hand I went and joined Perry in the open cubicle, immediately getting on my knees and licking the end of his juicy cock, all the more so as he had started to leak precum which tasted great. We left the door open so the other guy could enjoy the show and as I sucked on Perry's knob end, I pulled own his undies so they were round his ankles too. I later found out he lived not too far away and hence the reason that although the flip flops he was wearing weren't really appropriate footwear for the time of year, he hadn't come far in them.

Well the other guy seemed to be enjoying the show and enjoyed showing us how much with his raging hard on in his hands and his jeans open as much as he could. The bush was on show too, and his stomach was bronzed as if he'd just returned from holiday. And as he walked over to join us, we were to see more...

He came in to the cubicle and immediately Perry took hold of his cock and began playing with it as I sucked merrily away. I pushed the door closed and neither objected, and then Perry, handily wearing flip flops but busy passionately kissing our late arrival, stepped out of his loose fitting trousers and his underwear, leaving him naked from the waist down. I took a bottle of poppers from my pocket, took a deep inhale, and passed them to Perry. He held them until an opportune break came along, but as I let his swollen cock fall out of my stretched mouth, and still buzzing from the hit, I turned him round and parted his butt cheeks, licking slowly his arse hole and wetting his ring good and proper with my spit. He tasted of clean masculinity, nothing more. Not soap, not gel, just simply man crack. I continued to lick and probe his ring and he stopped kissing the other guy and bent forward a little to accommodate more of my tongue and saliva.

The other guy crouched down and took over sucking the cock I had in my mouth a few moments earlier and Perry was in ecstasy. He took a sniff of the poppers now and I felt his hole tighten and then loosen again as the rush hit him. He passed them back via the other guy, who declined a go, perhaps as he didn't like them or on account of him being well excited already. I took another breath of them before replacing the cap and putting them on the toilet seat for anybody to help the selves and then squeezed a smooth and grapefruit sized buttock in each hand and returned to rimming Perry's sweet ass. He raised one leg and placed it on the toilet seat, opening his mancunt even more by adopting such a position and I was able to free my hands to get one of them round the dick whom was crouched down with me. I was impressed and knew only too well where he wanted to place it. Perry was having it all, with my help.

I stood up to see how warm and welcoming his mouth was and he played with my throbbing cock, wanking me slowly. The other guy moved to stand behind Perry and his hard on was close to finding Perry's hole so I broke off the kissing and lent down to moisten it. He seemed to understand and allowed me to tease his head until a drop of precum arrived which I struggled to resist licking but with my spit all around and up Perry's ring and more on our friend's cock, I knew Perry was in for a treat. I returned to letting his tongue play with mine until I felt him gasp slightly and I knew he'd been entered. I reached down for a hit of the poppers for him so he could relax a little more and take the rest of the shaft that was waiting at his hungry rear. And then I returned to my knees, deep throating him as he was slowly rocked and taken fully but gently from behind.

Now it was a little crowded in there, 3 horny jocks and a porcelain toilet which we were all trying to avoid touching, it was a kind of full on naked twisters. But I sucked on Perry's dick like the thirsty cum slut I was (and still am) both a little jealous and incredibly excited that someone was getting fucked right before my eyes. I teased his full and shaved bollocks, softly stroking them at their most sensitive points, on the sides just where they hang below his solid shaft. 

Now I don't know what tipped him over the edge, my deep throating, playing with his fullsome globes or the rocking in his backside but he started to shoot. I pulled his cock away from the back of my throat to the middle of my mouth after I felt the first spurt so I could taste and feel it shoot along my tongue before swallowing. And his shudders send the guy screwing him into orgasm, he tried to stifle the noise but I think anybody the other side of the door could hear something was going on. Or someone cumming off.

Both finished their convulsions and juddering together and I let his empty and semi deflated cock slip from my mouth and swallowed the rest of the juices whilst the other man's cock also quickly returned to a more flaccid and pliable state and plopped out of Perry's ass.

I stood up and we all smiled at each other and the guy fastened his jeans quickly, grabbing his hoodie from the hook at the back of the door and left quickly without saying a word. Perry stood there with his drained dick hanging down and lifted the toilet seat. He almost immediately wanted to piss, something he told me afterwards he'd wanted to do before we all started having fun, and as he did so I bent down and took a mouthful which he didn't object to. I went down for a second one too, his pee tasted real good. We looked in to each other's eyes, this was a session to remember. I hadn't shot but knew there was still time to catch a hand job or blow job on the other side of the river. 

We dressed, he left and I followed. The old guy was still in the corner but I didn't acknowledge him, and Perry was stood by the bike shop. He introduced himself by name and we had a short conversation as we walked back towards the foot tunnel. He said goodbye and we went our separate ways... until the next time.