 Perry was standing over me, a concerned look on his face. The room was still a little fuzzy, but I could make out the color of the ceiling and the brownish blur told me I was down in basement, my apartment, not the hot tub room. Perry must have carried me downstairs, a pretty large task considering my height. There are quite a few tight hallways in the house.

We had just been relaxing in the hot tub; it was my first time to ever be in one. It seemed almost overwhelmingly warm and moist, but I rather liked it. I was just chatting lightly with Perry when I felt the need to piss, so I got out and went to the bathroom. In the middle of pissing I felt a little strange, dizzy almost, and by the time my shorts were back up the room was spinning and that was the last thing that I remembered. I guess I couldn't take the heat as well as I thought. Perry had warned me that such a thing would happen, but I didn't listen

We hadn't really chatted much before that night, although I had lived under his roof for more than six months. I was a busy student and he had a normal job, and an active social life. Something I found out in the those six months was that Perry was gay. It wasn't a secret, but it took me awhile to learn it only because I spent most of my time downstairs in my basement apartment. 

Perry had a birthday party for one of his friends and invited me upstairs for it. It was quite a big deal and a fun time. I noticed that most of his close friends were men, all in their mid to late thirties like Perry and were very open about being gay. It was when I got involved in one of their conversations that I learned more about Perry. I admit that I was a little shocked and a little intimidated. It wasn't so much that I was homophobic, perhaps I was a little; it was just a life that I didn't know much about and I never wandered too far from my comfortable little existence. The evening of my fainting episode Perry's plans fell through and so did mine (a blind date), so Perry invited me up for a soak, as he called it. I didn't have an excuse and I knew I needed the stress relief so I decided to go up there. 

When I regained my senses the firs thing I noticed was that I was naked. I instinctively covered myself, but it wasn't necessary because I was under my blanket. 

He squatted next to me, a smile on his face.

"Sorry about your shorts," Perry said sympathetically," I didn't want you to get your couch wet, so I took them off before putting you down. I hope you don't mind. I didn't get fresh or anything" He said that last part with a supportive laugh. I was shivering a little, from the cold as much as nervousness, but his laugh seemed to calm me a little.

"It's ok. Thanks for carrying me downstairs. I wasn't expecting to react to the heat and humidity like that. I'm a little embarrassed," I said. 

"Don't worry about it. It happens to a lot of people. The heat and humidity can be a lot to take if you aren't used to it. I got you some water," he remarked, as he handed me a glass. I took some slow sips. I noticed that Perry was covered in a towel, but I could see under it the way he was squatting next to me. He wasn't wearing his suit anymore. I tried not to stare, but for some reason I wanted to know what was underneath the towel. 

"You OK there, Chris?" Perry asked, looking at me curiously. I must have been staring. I looked up quickly and tried to move, but a pain in my lover back made me groan loudly.

"Guess I didn't have such a soft fall," I said through the pain. I went back to lying flat on the couch, trying not to move.

"I didn't notice any bruises, maybe you fell funny and pulled something in your back."

"I does bother me every once in awhile, perhaps I just aggravated it," I said, reaching back to rub it. 

"I have an idea. Wait here," Perry said and ran upstairs before I had a chance to respond. I curled up in the blanket while he was gone. I was still not feeling that good, very weak with a little headache. I felt like drifting off to sleep, and just when I was about to, Perry came down the stairs. I looked over and he was carrying a small plastic bottle. My mind was blurry so I wasn't sure what he intended to do, but I felt fear, and I curled up even tighter. Perry must have been able to feel my anxiety.

"Don't worry, Chris. I'm not going to hurt you. I just wanted to massage your lower back a little. It might help you relax and help you sleep," he said quietly and knelt next to me. His voice seemed to calm me a little once again; there was an innocent hint to it that allowed me to stretch out on my stomach. "I'm just going to pull back the blanket so I can get at your back," he said. I nodded. He slowly pulled back the blanket, and it was as though I was completely naked. I shivered a little. Without looking back I heard the click of the bottle, and the rubbing of his hands. At least he's warming the oil, I thought to myself. Immediately I detected a pleasant floral scent, which was relaxing. I tried to let the tension out of my muscles. 

I felt a little oil drip onto my lower back and it was warm. It was a strange sensation, but soon after I felt Perry's hands press against my lower back and I groaned in pain. He responded by pressing a little less forcefully, and he began to move his palms in circles along my muscles. After the initial shock of pain it began to really feel great. He was moving very slowly, trying to relax each muscle in turn. As the minutes past, I felt more comfortable and even let out a few positive sighs.

It wasn't long before I began drifting off to sleep. I tried hard to stay awake, but the combination of the fainting and the massage made me very tired. I woke up an hour still on my stomach and alone. I sat up easily, my back not hurting at all. I was groggy and not thinking straight, so I headed right for me room. As I staggered through the darkness, in the back of my mind I felt Perry's hands on my lower back. I fell into bed and shed my blanket. I closed my eyes, but instead of getting sleepy, my mind went back to the massage, creating images of Perry's hand going lower, touching my ass. The images were vague, but very powerful. I felt my cock grow slowly, the cool air hitting the heating flesh.

My hand strayed to my cock as images and feelings went through my head. My hand was cold but it felt so wonderful slowly stroking the length of the shaft as I remembered the image of Perry's cock and balls underneath his towel. I think my mind was filling in the details around the shadow that I had seen, because when I closed my eyes I saw his cock hard, glistening, right in front of me. My hands moved faster on my cock as I pictured reaching up and touching it. 

Just as I felt cum start to move inside, ready to explode from me, I felt something near. I looked towards the doorway just in time to see Perry's towel fall to the floor. 

"I came back to check on you," he said. My hand froze; my eyes went wide. I didn't know what to do. He started slowly walking towards me, and already pounding heart thumped, a deafening sound in that small dark room. My cock twitched with each step that he took, until he was standing next to me, over me, arms at his sides, his own cock rising without any prompting. I looked up, barely able to see his eyes, and they held me, with something that I was at a loss to describe.

"Keep going," he finally whispered," Please. Let me see you cum." Keeping his gaze I slowly started to stroke again, and the palpable sexuality in the air drove me faster than normal over the edge. I groaned, and with my eyes suddenly closed I felt warm drop over my chest, belly, and all over my hand. I kept stroking hoping to milk every minute drop. There was a change in me, deep, very deep. Normally I was ashamed to cum on my own. I would cum onto a towel and throw it quickly into the hamper.

Not this time. It felt marvelous, that sticky, pungent substance covering me. I opened my eyes to look and there was an incredible amount of it on me. Something felt strange though. The patterns of the lines of cum were not all directed from my now soft cock. Some of them were from my side. It was then that I looked over to Perry, to find him holding his own cock, his eyes staring with a fiery look to my torso. He had cum on me too. On impulse I reach out my hand and touched the head of his cock, still releasing small drops of sticky liquid.

It was strange, electric to feel another man's cock for the first time, one that had just emptied onto my hairy chest. He moaned softly, then pulled away, overwhelmed by sensation I had guessed. He took a big breath, but didn't say anything. We were like that for many moments, each of us with hand held tightly to our cocks, trying to digest the sheer excitement, the pure lust that had overcome us. The smell of cum, normally repulsive to me, smelt like the perfect cologne, one I know felt I needed all the time.

To be continued...