 Clint had never felt so angry. He knew that he had to do the right thing, even if he couldn't handle the truth. But first, he had to make sure that he was quiet as he stepped inside his own house in the afternoon. He opened his front door, and the first thing he could hear was the sound of his own girlfriend moaning like a crazed witch.

Clint clenched his fists. The thirty-seven-year-old man took a deep breath and tried hard not to lose his temper. He made sure that he was absolutely silent as he walked up the stairs. As soon as he reached the second floor, he looked to see the door to his master bedroom partially open. Roxanne's loud moans echoed all across the hallway. Clint could even hear his own bed creaking. He narrowed his eyes. He never felt so betrayed. He crept across the hallway and took a peek inside his bedroom.

He already expected to see her like this. Roxanne had enjoyed herself as she stayed in bed with her younger boyfriend. From the looks of it, the other man must have been one of her own students. The thirty-five-year-old high school teacher had a young African-American man dominating her without remorse.

Clint had seen the student before. Roxanne had always mentioned him as being one of her top favorite twelfth-graders of all time. He viewed it as a harmless friendship, but now he discovered the clandestine effects that came along with it. Eighteen-year-old Lyle appeared young and youthful vibrancy. He had long dreadlocks, and his slim physique could have easily attracted someone like Roxanne.

Clint couldn't believe it. He saw his girlfriend in bed with another man. It was official. He couldn't see her as his true love anymore.

He shouted, "You bitch!"

Both Roxanne and Lyle stopped their naughty antics and quickly realized that they were being watched.

Roxanne's eyes widened. "Clint, what are you doing here?!"

Clint ignored her question. "It's done! We are over! Get out of my house!"

Lyle got out of bed and stood in the corner. He looked terrified at Clint demonstrating his wrath.

Roxanne tried to apologize. She even looked as if she faked her shame. But Clint wanted none of it.

He yelled, "Just get the fuck out!"

Roxanne grabbed her clothes that lay on the floor. "I didn't mean to!"

She just made Clint even angrier. "Just shut up and get out!"

She started to burst into tears.

Clint pushed her out of his bedroom. "Your tears aren't working. You're the one who's being unfaithful. Get out!"

He watched as Roxanne, while still naked, ran down the stairs and out the door. She slammed it shut even as she continued to sob. Clint knew that she felt awful only because she got caught. He shook his head in frustration. He felt like telling everyone living in the city of San Bernardino that his own girlfriend turned out to be an unfaithful bitch.

He returned to his bedroom. He almost forgot about Lyle, who still stood naked in the corner with a look of fear. Clint could have beaten him to a pulp right now. But first, he had to be sure about something.

"You better tell me the truth, Lyle. Did she ever tell you about me?"

Lyle almost stuttered as he replied, "No, she didn't. I never knew that she already had a boyfriend."

Clint sighed. He took a seat on his bed. He took his time calming down. He couldn't stay mad at someone like Lyle. He seemed to be an innocent young man who had just been thrust into a terrible situation, all thanks to the one woman who decided to delve right into infidelity. Clint rubbed his palms together. He was able to calm down, but something still felt strange in his body. It could have been the frustration that overwhelmed when he learned the truth about Roxanne.

He didn't say anything else to Lyle. The young black man still didn't move. He must have been scared to even be in the same room as his teacher's now-former boyfriend.

He asked, "Should I just leave?"

Clint looked at him, fully aware that the younger man was still naked. Strangely enough, his erection still didn't disappear.

Clint slowly tapped his fingers on his thighs. "You have no idea how it feels to be betrayed."

Lyle looked like he didn't know what to do next. "I, uh...I think I have an idea. Like I said, she never told me that she already had a boyfriend. She lied to both of us."

Clint knew that he had a good point. But the strange sensation from within still didn't go away.

Lyle asked, "Is it time for me to go?"

Clint slowly breathed through his nostrils. "No."

Lyle looked even more nervous. "Why not?"

Clint stood up straight. "I need to relieve a little stress."

He stepped closer toward Lyle, who was roughly just a few inches shorter than Clint.

The white man proclaimed, "I need to fuck someone."

Lyle raised his eyebrows. "Uh, are you sure about that?"

Clint ignored that question. He eyed the twelfth-grader from top to bottom. "You seem perfect for the job."

Lyle was now speechless.

Clint needed to release some tension from his body sooner rather than later. He unzipped his jeans and pulled out his own cock. Lyle looked down at the older man's dick. His look of fright seemed to wither in the slightest of ways. Clint took off his pants and boxers. He showed off his own erection, its long and solid form previously a favorite instrument for a member of the opposite sex.

This became the right moment for Clint to say, "Get down on your knees."

Lyle didn't hesitate. He got down on his knees. He didn't appear afraid anymore. Now, a look of mild curiosity replaced it.

Clint continued, "Now open your mouth."

Lyle obeyed his command. He opened his mouth wide. Clint immediately grabbed him by the hair and pulled him closer to his own cock. In an instant, Clint's rock-hard dick made its way inside Lyle's open mouth. Lyle didn't even make a protest. He just went along and obeyed Clint's command.

Clint looked down as he thrust his cock deep inside Lyle's mouth, all the while keeping a firm grip on the young man's dreadlocks.

"Oh, that feels good."

Lyle grabbed hold of Clint's thighs as he kept his mouth moist. He managed to drench the cock with his warm saliva, which provided a superb feeling for the cock and the spirit within. Lyle looked up and never set his sight away from Clint's fierce stare. Clint couldn't feel mad at him. His innocuous behavior seemed suitable, especially for this particular occasion.

"Oh, yeah. You're going well. Suck that cock like you mean it."

His bulbous tip reached the deep end of Lyle's throat. Lyle almost choked on it, but he still didn't object to this. Clint needed this moment to get rid of his negative sentiments, and Lyle seemed like the perfect one for the job. He didn't look afraid anymore. Instead, he gave a more flirtatious look, one that would have suggested a meaningful seduction.

Clint took off his shirt. Now, both men were completely naked. He continued to watch Lyle have his mouth stuffed with that dick. The young man couldn't say anything, seeing as how he would have trouble speaking with such an enormous instrument lodged in his throat.

Clint growled. "Yeah, suck it. Take it like a real man."

He could feel the tension in his body taking the form of an appropriate ejaculation. He thrust his cock deep and quick in Lyle's mouth. He waited for the eruption as he felt that familiar stirring sensation inside him.

"Now, don't spit it out. I want to see you swallow it."

When it finally arrived, he tightened his grip on Lyle's hair. He could feel his thick semen flooding Lyle's mouth. He could also feel the young man doing everything he could to swallow all of it. He used his tongue to at least keep the warm cum from spilling out. The ejaculation lasted for at least twenty seconds. Lyle managed to consume everything that he had received. Clint could feel him gulping down the spurts.

"Oh, yeah. You're really good."

He let go of Lyle and let him pull away. Lyle took a deep breath after the cock was pulled out of his mouth. He wiped away a little residue from his lip.

"Was it good enough for you?"

Clint gave a little smile. "I should keep you around more often."

Clint felt satisfied with the result. Watching this eighteen-year-old man receive the proper ingredients seemed to alleviate his bad mood.

But now, he needed something else to help him relieve even more stress.

He brought Lyle up to his feet and said, "I want to forget about Roxanne, and you're going to keep on helping me until it actually happens."

Lyle slowly nodded. "I'll do anything for you."

"Good."

Clint's erection didn't disappear just yet. He anticipated a second round. "Turn around."

Lyle did exactly that. Clint looked to see a beautiful ass that appeared ready for insertion. From behind, he held Lyle tight in his arms.

He whispered, "Don't worry. It won't hurt. It'll just feel...weird."

He could feel Lyle's entire body shiver when he pressed his dick against the young man's buttocks.

"You want that dick, don't you?"

Lyle moaned. "Oh, yeah. I can't wait for you to fuck me hard."

Clint slowly breathed through his teeth. He felt fortunate that Lyle stayed behind just as he officially broke up with Roxanne. He slid his solid cock right inside Lyle's lower hole. The hole itself felt so tight. Lyle trembled in Clint's embrace, but the latter assured him that it would pay off at the end. The entire dick was now deep inside Lyle's ass. Lyle gasped. He sounded as if he was enthralled by such a monumental dick being given free access to a compact space.

Clint whispered, "I told you that it would be weird."

He could feel his cock being surrounded by warm walls. He slid it in and out of the tight hole. Lyle moaned as he grabbed hold of Clint's arms. His entire body began to shake as a result of Clint's forward movements. Clint kept his pace fast but steady. He thrust his cock deep into Lyle, who began to take quicker breaths from the stimulation that overwhelmed him.

"Oh, fuck! It feels good!"

Clint's cock hit the right spot. The older man kept going. He held the young man tightly as he did all he could to erase the negativity in his thoughts. The collision between the hips and the ass produced a loud smacking sound, which was a delightful treat to Clint's ears. With quick speed, he didn't stop his powerful thrusts. Lyle's entire body pulsated whenever the cock slid deeper inside repeatedly. The motions remained in a steady rhythm.

Clint whispered, "Oh, you love that dick, don't you?"

Lyle kept moaning. "Fuck! I want it so badly!"

He bent over above the bed. He held on to the edge as Clint continued to conquer him from the bottom. Clint grabbed Lyle's waist and stayed determined with his frenetic push. He could feel a drop of sweat forming on his forehead. The entire room began to feel warm and humid. The adrenaline didn't force him to stop. It helped him forget his troubles as he gave his precious cock to someone else.

Lyle cried out, "Oh, don't stop fucking me! Please don't stop!"

Clint could feel his high octane constantly evading an expiration date. He never felt so enthused by this sudden turn of events, which started with Roxanne's willingness to betray his trust. He felt fortunate that he kicked his girlfriend out of his house. Now that he had discovered the absolute truth, he now had the golden opportunity to erase his bad mood in such a unique way. Lyle seemed quite innocent and optimistic. The twelfth-grader was harmless enough. Now, as he thrust his cock deep inside the young man, Clint surely preferred to keep someone like Lyle around. He only hoped that the student was willing to be the one on the receiving end. Or better yet, having Lyle as his new companion sounded like a possible option at this point.

Lyle buried his head in the sheets. "Oh, don't stop! Your dick is incredible!"

The pain and pleasure that Lyle must have endured encouraged Clint to keep going. With all of his might, he made sure that the young man received a paramount experience, something that he would definitely remember for the rest of his life.

Clint spoke through his clenched teeth. "Yeah, take that dick!"

The stirring sensation from within made a welcome return. He anticipated another ejaculation. His last few thrusts had become the most aggressive. Lyle almost screamed as Clint's physical dominance had reached its conclusion.

His semen flooded Lyle's narrow passage. Both men finally relaxed. Clint was exhausted but satisfied. Lyle had to take deep breaths after an intriguing interaction with his teacher's ex-boyfriend. He stood up straight and was again locked in Clint's embrace. Clint kept his dick inside the hole. He had already found a perfect replacement, and he didn't want anything to do with Roxanne ever again.

Lyle whispered, "Listen, I'm really sorry about what happened here."

Clint kissed him on the shoulder. He never felt this way with another man, and he didn't intend to put a stop to it. "It's not your fault. You never knew."

Lyle looked as if he appreciated his new role. "I can visit you more often if you want. I'll let you fuck me hard again and again. Because to be honest, I really liked it."

"I liked it, too."

Clint gave him a kiss on the lips. "You can tell the truth to Roxanne. I don't care."

"Don't worry. I'm done with her, too. I'll tell her everything tomorrow."

"It's too bad, though. I would sure like to see the look on her face when you do."

Lyle gave him a little smile. Clint continued to hold him in his arms. He didn't want this brand new relationship to end. He knew that Lyle was a good person. He would rather have him in his house. Going from Roxanne to one of her own students was a transition that worked after all.