 /////My first story. Elements of reluctance, but I always prefer porn with plot. Hope you enjoy, please help me improve my future stories by saying what you like or what you didn't like, etc. Thank you and enjoy!/////

------------------------------------

Three quick knocks on the door cause Blaine Edwards to pause from filling out the last of his employee paychecks. 

"Mr. Edwards, it's James, your new assistant. I've brought you your lunch." Comes a voice from the other side of the door. 

Blaine puts his pen down and tightens the knot on his tie before answering.

"Come in." he says, looking up at the entrance to the office which is positioned directly across his desk.

A young man in his late twenties sidles in, carrying a brown paper bag. He has on a set of black thick-framed rectangular glasses which only barely pull attention away from his light green eyes. His dark brown hair, coiffed carefully and precisely to the left, matches the careful attention to his ironed slim-fit white shirt, skinny black tie, and crisply-pressed figure-hugging black slacks.

"I hope I got the correct sandwich you requested, s-sir." James stammers, walking across the room and carefully depositing the paper bag on the desk table away from the various paperwork.

Blaine is silent for a moment while he sizes up his new assistant, noting the meticulous attention to detail in his clothing, and how his clothes served to accentuate a slender, tight, and toned physique. 

James swallows nervously, unsure of what to do during the silence. He studies his boss' face, making eye contact with his blue eyes before quickly averting his vision and looking down at the table instead, suddenly very interested in an intricate paperweight. Mr. Edwards is very young to be the head of his own architecture firm. Just in his early 30's, his light blonde hair and light blue eyes seem at odds with his strong jaw and broad shoulders.

"Well?" Blaine barks out.

"S-sorry?" 

"Coffee." The larger man orders, pointing at the coffee machine on top of a table next to the doorway. "Black. And shut the door, I don't like being disturbed during my lunch break."

"Yes, of course sir." The brunette blurts out, darting back and shutting the door, before turning his attention to the Nespresso machine. "Shit... how do I use this again?" He mumbles to himself, looking around the table and the machine as if there were any clues to be found.

"Pods are in the cupboard underneath." Blaine says, exasperatedly, and James mumbles and quick apology and bends forward to search for the coffee pods, an action which only pulls the material of his slacks tighter, giving Blaine an ample view of his assistant's tight, round ass. James takes forever, fumbling around in the cupboard, while his boss pictures how that bubble-butt would probably turn bright red with a few well-placed slaps and feels his erection growing in his pants. 

"I... I can't find them, sir. I... I'm sorry." the younger man admits, standing up and turning around to face the other man shamefully. 

Blaine gives him another cold silence before speaking. "Lock the door, James."

"S...Sorry?"

"You heard me." The larger man speaks sternly and steadily. "Lock. The. Door."

"Um... okay." James turns and locks the door, and the click of the lock feels deafening. He turns back to face his boss, staring across the room into Blaine's cold blue eyes.

Blaine gets up measuredly from his office chair. He slowly takes off his suit jacket, revealing large, built arms straining against the fabric of his shirt. He gently sets his jacket on the back of his chair, then walks around to the front of his desk and rests on the edge of it, leaning backwards onto his arms. "Come here, James." he says, as steadily and firmly as before.

Wordlessly, the younger man walks closer to the other man, coming to a halt within arm's reach of him. 

"Get on your knees, James."

"W... what?" James protests, bewildered.

"Get on your knees."

"Sir, I... I don't think um... I..." 

"Get on your FUCKING knees, James." The larger man commands, raising his voice. "Do not make me say it again."

Relenting, the brunette slowly sinks to his knees, staring at a spot on the carpet and avoiding his boss's hard gaze.

Still not moving from his spot, the larger man continues to speak. "Look up at me, James."

Swallowing nervously, James slowly lifts emerald gaze up to stare up at the man on the desk in front of him. From this angle, his boss' formidable hardon is evident, tenting his suit pants.

"James, I want you to look at me at all times. Do you understand?"

The younger man gives a small nod, lifting his eyes to look up at the giant of a man in front of him. "Yes, sir."

"Good. Take off your glasses." Blaine orders, and James fumbles a bit while removing his glasses, setting them on the carpet to his left, trying not to break eye contact, meeting his boss' gaze with his light green eyes.

"My belt."

The brunette only pauses slightly before reaching up both his hands to unbuckle the other man's belt. Unhooking the latch, he slides the belt out of the bands in the suit pants, placing the belt reverentially to the side, next to his discarded glasses.

"Unzip me, James."

The personal assistant slowly pulls the zipper down, exposing his boss' white Calvin Klein's. Blaine's rock hard cock, clearly outlined, had already started leaking pre-cum, and there was a wet spot on the underwear.

"Take it out, James."

Still continuing his instruction of not breaking eye contact, James' left hand hooks the band of the blonde man's underwear, while his right hand reaches inside and grips the other man's cock. He pulls it out, and for a moment glances down to look at the engorged tool, gasping at it's size and girth. Then, fearing being reprimanded, he quickly looks back up to meet his boss' gaze, awaiting further instructions.

Blaine's eyes are half-lidded shut, enjoying the sensation of his assistant's firm hold on his cock. Finally, he shifts his weight off his hands and reaches around, placing them on the back of the other man's head, lacing them through and messing up the perfectly styled brunette's hair. James' eyes widen in fear and anticipation. He involuntarily licks his lips and swallows nervously. His boss exerts a bit of pressure onto James' head, and the younger man parts his lips and brings the hard cock to them.

James only pauses momentarily before he swallows the other man's cock, deftly swallowing him to the root. This catches Blaine by surprise, and he gives a loud moan in appreciation. James holds it deep in his throat for a few seconds, before pulling off entirely, making a gagging noise as the large member creates a sudden vacancy. 

"Again." Blaine orders, and the younger man complies, once again going to the root. This time, Blaine has anticipated this and grabs tightly onto the other man's head. James' eyes widen in surprise and he reaches out both hands reflexively, placing them on his boss' hips. Unheeding, Blaine starts fucking his assistant's mouth, pushing his cock deep and withdrawing only slightly before pushing in again. He fucks like this for a while, thrusting into James' warm mouth over and over, before finally pulling out entirely, leaving the brunette gasping for air and wiping a tear which was involuntarily forming in the corner of his eye.

"Will that be all, sir?" James asks, a pleading note in his voice.

"Not even close." Blaine barks back. "Clear my desk, James."

While his personal assistant neatly and efficiently stacks the paperwork on the desk and sets it aside, Blaine removes his shoes, socks, and loosens his tie, pulling it off and placing it on the desk.

"Now, face me, and strip." The blonde orders, and the other man complies, pulling off his skinny black tie, and unbuttoning his cuffs. James starts to unbutton his shirt from top down, affording his boss a teasing glimpse at a toned, hairless, defined chest and then washboard abs - a beautiful swimmer's body. His boss strokes his engorged cock, enjoying the show his assistant is putting on. Then, James unbuckles his own belt and pulls his pants down, revealing his own shameless hard-on tenting his black underwear. He pauses again nervously, but then pulls his underwear down, letting his cock spring up to smack his own abdomen, and stands there in front of his boss completely naked and hard, looking slightly embarassed.

"James, get on the desk, facing upwards."

Remembering to not break eye contact as much as possible, the brunette sidles backwards onto the desk, until only his lower legs are dangling over the edge. Then, he lies back down, finding that the desk is only wide enough for his torso, and that his head dangles over the other edge. James lifts his arms up and encircles his own head, stretching out his gorgeous body and supporting his head, so that he doesn't break eye contact.

Only now does the larger man strip off completely. His muscular torso, matted with a fine coat of blonde hair, could belong to fitness model, or a superhero. Hours of slaving away at the gym have given him muscle-bound legs built to piston fast and hard. James is left speechless by the body standing in front of him.

Blaine walks up towards the edge of the desk, grabs hold of his assistant's legs, and in one swift and powerful motion pulls the other man towards him, so that James' ass just dangles over the edge and his legs lifted into the air. He then drops down to his haunches, attacking his assistant's hole with his tongue. The brunette gives a load moan, grabbing hold of his own legs, keeping them in the air while arching his back to give the larger man even more access. Blaine's strong tongue presses deep, probing past the sphincter and pulling back out again, his relentless assault driving all coherent thought out of the younger man's mind.

"Oh my god, oh my god." James mumbles a litany to any deity that'll notice.

Blaine stops, standing upright again, gripping his leaking cock in his hand. "I'm going to fuck you now, James."

Mutely, James can only nod.

The blonde man produces a bottle of lube and a condom packet from his briefcase, skillfully ripping the packet open and rolling it onto himself, lubricating his tool as he walks back in front of James' waiting asshole. He positions his cockhead right at the entrance, giving his assistant a look-over. The brunette holds his legs with his hands, panting in anticipation, his green eyes glazed over in lust, his face flushed with desire.

"Please... sir." James begs.

His boss inches forward, and James feels a burning sensation as his boss' thick cockhead presses through his anal ring. The older man doesn't stop, pressing onwards and going deeper, filling his assistant with an urgent and mind-numbing fullness. 

"Oh my god, sir. Sir, oh fuck sir, you're too big!" 

"Mmmm." Blaine moans in appreciation, feeling the velvety warmth of the brunette's back passage. "You feel as good as I imagined you would, James. Yeah. Take my cock."

Buried right to the hilt, the larger man pauses, savoring the tightness and the spasms of James' anal canal. His assistant's hair is askew, his green eyes wild, his mouth gaping open, the corded muscles in his arms and legs straining. Blaine quickly pulls all but his cockhead out of James, eliciting a moan from the younger man. Blaine reaches his hands up, grabbing a firm hold of his assistant's hips. Now with a firm lock on his assistant, he begins to fuck in earnest, pumping his cock inwards each time as far as it goes and each time not completely pulling all the way out. 

"Ugh!" James exclaims each time he is thrust into.

Blaine haunches flex and his defined back gleans with effort as he fucks powerfully and without mercy, using the younger man's hole for his own pleasure. The string of profanities and moans coming from his assistant's mouth only mean that he too is thoroughly thriving on the rough handling.

"Oh yes, fuck me sir. Fuck me! Oh god oh shit oh shit you're so fucking hot. Oh my god fuck my ass! Fuck!"

James lets go of his right leg, and his boss seamlessly lifts his left arm as replacement to continue keeping that leg in the air. His right hand now free, James grabs hold of his own leaking member, working it, trying to give it the release it so desperately needs. 

"Oh shit, sir! Harder, sir, harder!"

His boss starts fucking even faster, grunting and panting in exertion, the desk beneath them rocking with each forceful thrust, contents in drawers clattering in objection.

"Oh god oh god oh god." James yells, "I'm close sir, I'm so fucking close!"

"Yeah! Fuck you're so tight, Fuck I'm cumming too!"

With a loud, beastial grunt, Blaine gives one last heavy thrust, cumming hard, buried deep in his assistant's ass, rope after rope of his hot seed spilling into the condom.

"Fuck!"

Seeing his boss lose control, James soon follows, his eyes rolling upwards, his cock spurting thick cords of cum all over his abs, his chest, and even one wad onto his left collarbone.

Blaine remains embedded in James, their bodies glistening from their tryst and their panting breaths seemingly syncing. They remain like this for nearly half a minute before Blaine grips the base of his condom and withdraws out, James giving a small squeak at the sudden vacuum created. Blaine leans forward, careful to avoid the cum on James' body, and kisses him deeply, the younger man passionately kissing him back.

When they finally break apart, Blaine is the first to speak. "That was so fucking hot, hun."

The brunette chuckles, lying his head back down onto the desk. "Tell me about it. God, I would say that would rank within our top 5 sex experiences."

"Top 3." Blaine counters back, throwing a box of tissues to the other man.

"Please tell me you don't fuck your REAL personal assistant like that."

"Nah, Betsy doesn't do anal." Blaine chuckles, and the other man pretends only for a second to give a mock angry look, before also bursting into laughter.

"And, because I'm the best boyfriend ever, I did indeed get us your favorite sandwiches for lunch slash post-sex food." James says, cleaning himself up and reaching backwards for the brown paper bag, pulling out one of the sandwiches inside. "You better be almost done here, no one else in your firm is stupid enough to come in on a Sunday."

"I love you." The blonde man says, full of warmth.

"I ruv you foo." James replies back, still naked and reclining on his boyfriend's desk with a mouthful of sandwich.