 There was good news and bad news! Good news was that I finally turned eighteen years old. I was dreaming about this day for ages - finally being considered an adult. I was filled with a sense of personal freedom that made me feel like I could do anything. Well... almost anything.

The bad news was that at my ripe age of eighteen, I was still a virgin. I was always a mess when it came to girls - I barely made it past kissing. Then something always went wrong - I couldn't put my finger on it, but something always changed later in time. The girls suddenly stopped being interested. Was it my fault? Was it my behavior? Did I do something wrong?

I was asking myself these questions before I finally cracked the code. Of course! Girls today are surrounded by this idea of a perfect looking guy - lean, big and with nice muscles all over his body. I was... pretty far from that. I wasn't too obese or too slender - I was just right in the middle. Not a bad looking body, at least from my perspective, but what chance did I have against the actors in movies and ads? I knew I had to up my game. I had to join the gym.

The problem was that I was still a student - broke as hell. I didn't have a lot of money to pay for a membership at one of those fancy fitness centers, let alone hire a trainer. Luckily, I knew about a pretty secluded place near my house. It was a very small gym, and from the outside, it looked pretty simple. I was sure that had to be the cheap option, not like those huge fitness centers where you pay millions just for a sign-up.

One day, I finally pushed myself to do it. I packed up some of my workout clothes - which were pretty much just gathering dust up until that point - and I set off to the gym. At first, I had trouble even finding it - it was a really well hidden two-story place. I got a little bit nervous as I was opening the front door - what kind of place could this be? Was it even safe for a scrawny guy like me?

Luckily, I soon found out, that for a secluded place, the gym looked really nice. Sure, it probably wasn't the most modern one, but it had nice atmosphere, upbeat music and the equipment looked okay - well, at least as far as I could tell. There weren't many people there, but it wasn't deserted either. Nevertheless, I was sure that everybody was staring at me as soon as I opened the door, but I let that slide. I was sure it was just my imagination messing with me.

I approached the front desk, where a guy was just counting money from the cashier. Now, this guy was intimidating. His shoulders were as broad as a door frame and his arms were showing muscles that I didn't even know existed. I knew, because he was wearing a tight, red tank-top showing off his pecs as well. That, together with the shaved head, piercing blue eyes and a five o'clock shadow made for a pretty intense sight.

I immediately felt inadequate as I first laid my eyes on the man. I mean what kind of chance did I have with girls with guys like that around? Sure, he was probably in his 40s, or late 30s, but he just oozed masculinity. I felt like this is the kind of guy any girl would go for. I couldn't take my eyes off of his muscles, I just felt so much... respect for him.

Eventually, his eyes looked up and he noticed me there staring at him. At first, I was afraid he was going to give me shit, but he just smirked.

"What's the matter, kid?" he spoke, his voice deep, but gentle, "Don't worry. No one is gonna bite you here."

"Eh... s-sorry," I realized how weird I must have looked just standing and staring, my face going red immediately. I stepped up to the front desk. The guy was so much taller than me - I had to look up to meet his eyes. He was still looking at me with that piercing gaze and that slight smile on his face. Was he mocking me? It didn't feel like mocking, but it also didn't feel like any kind of look I've gotten before.

"I'd like to go in, please. You offer the student discount, right?"

"You know we do, bro," he answered, "But I'm gonna have to see some identification for that."

My hand slid into my pocket and fished out my student ID. I presented it to the guy and he reached for it. I noticed his calloused fingers were twice as big as mine and noted another hit in my ego internally. 

"Ronnie, huh?" he said, as he was reading the card, "Just turned eighteen? Happy birthday, buddy!"

"Thanks," I smiled back, "Um... that doesn't matter, right? I can still use the discount since I'm still in school."

"For sure, kid," he nodded, and reached for the keys under the counter. Meanwhile, his eyes were analyzing me - as if he was trying to remember where he knew me from or something. I was one hundred percent sure this was the first we met, though. "I take it this is your first time at the gym, right?"

"Yeah... I'm afraid so," I said, feeling bad that my inexperience was so apparent.

"Hey," he said to me, as he was handing me the key, "We were all beginners one time. Good luck, kid. And if you need any tips, I'll be right here."

He gave me another smile and a wink after that. I thanked him and - feeling a little light-headed for some reason - and went to the locker rooms. Fortunately, they were empty - I certainly didn't need another strike into my ego by seeing a guy like the one behind the bar around me naked. I was able to change into my workout clothes in absolute privacy and was finally ready to start working out. 

Needless to say - it was a disaster. At first, I tried to go for the dumbbells. But it didn't take me a while to find out that I don't really know what to do with them, aside from some basic moves. I tried copying some of the guys around me - most of which were ripped as hell - but the sharp pain in my muscles was suggesting I wasn't doing something right. So I decided to try the machines instead. That was even worse though... The first one I didn't know how to use and on the second one I had to spend all the time adjusting weights, because I wasn't nearly as strong as I thought I was. The whole time, I'm sure that the whole gym was staring at me. Nobody said anything and nobody laughed, but I just felt that everybody knew how much I sucked at this.

Finally, I gave up after about thirty minutes. I was sweaty, but I didn't feel like I did anything. My body was killing me - I was pretty sure I pulled a couple of muscles. I felt like crap and I almost wanted to cry. How much more desperate could I be? Promising myself that this was the first and last time I ever came here, I fled back to the locker room and changed. No shower needed. The sweat was probably going to seep into my street clothes, but I didn't care. I just wanted to get out of there.

The guy was still there, behind the counter, when I went to give back the key and pay the entrance. At least with the discount I didn't have to spend a lot of money for this shitshow. But I still had to look into the guy's eyes. I'm sure he saw at least a little of my "performance" back there. I wasn't sure if I was ready for his reaction.

"Kinda fast," he commented, as he took the key from me, "How did it go?"

"Eh..." I shrugged my shoulders, having trouble looking into his eyes, so I pinned them to the floor instead. He wasn't condescending, but still - it wasn't easy saying it. "Terrible. Mostly terrible. I... I had no idea what I was doing."

"Yeah, I kinda noticed your struggles," he said, putting his elbows on the table, "What did I say, kid? I was here the whole time, you could have asked. No need to be shy."

"I know... I appreciate that. But I didn't want to bother you, you know. I know next to nothing about this stuff and I would just be wasting your-"

"Nonsense," he interrupted me, "Hey. Do you still want to give this a shot? I could help you out a little bit."

I finally forced myself to look into his eyes. It looked kind, and a little excited for some reason.

"You mean like... like a personal training?" I asked, "I don't really have a lot of money."

"I'm not asking for money," he shaked his head, "If it's about getting a new member to join the gym, I'm willing to invest some of my time and energy. Consider it a favor, kid."

"That's... really nice," I said, surprised, "But still, it feels like I would be taking advantage of-"

"Ronnie," he called me by my name, his eyes buried deeply into mine, "It's not a problem. I insist."

His smile was contagious and I couldn't help but smile a little bit too. It seemed that an opportunity was reaching out to me with a big, burly helping hand. Maybe I should say yes. I mean, what was the harm? At least I would have some direction. And this guy, his body... He surely knew what he was doing. 

"...okay then," I finally answered, "When do you want to... do this?"

"Meet me here tomorrow night at 9PM," he offered, "You think you could manage that?"

9PM? That seemed a little late for a workout. But if the training was really free, I wasn't going to pass on it because of a reason like that. 

"Sure. That works. Should I prepare somehow?"

He chuckled at that, for some reason.

"Don't worry about anything. Just bring your gear, come here and we will see what we can do about you."

I thanked him about three times after that, feeling really grateful for this one-on-one approach. He told me his name was Oscar and that he was the owner of this small gym. He was also working the front desk most of the time, as well as providing personal trainings to people. I had no idea how on Earth did he find the time to do all of that, but who was I to question him? The guy had a body of steel, he obviously had enough discipline and self-control to manage to do whatever he wanted. We exchanged our phone numbers before we said goodbye to each other and I left home with a smile on my face.

***

It was already pitch dark when I left the house after that. I packed another set of clean workout clothes and was ready to go. For some reason, I felt really excited about the training with Oscar. He was a real man's man and he was about to show me his secret to becoming as buff as him. I thought about his body a lot over the day. I imagined what I could do with a figure like that and how all the girls would be all over me if I had those kind of muscles. All of this thinking got me really hard and I had to jerk off before I left for the gym. I was sure Oscar wouldn't appreciate me walking around with a hardon.

When I arrived, I was a little bit confused. The gym seemed to be deserted... There was nobody else there but Oscar, who was already approaching me from the front desk, wearing the same red tank top as he did yesterday, together with a pair of very short blue workout shorts. They were exposing his powerful calves and the bulge in front was signaling that this guy most certainly had no trouble satisfying any girl in the bedroom... Even though I was curious about how would mine compare to his, I tried to keep my eyes on his face, rather than the rest of his body.

"Ronnie!" he exclaimed, his voice echoing through the gym, "What's up? Ready for the workout with your new coach?"

"Hey, Oscar," I greeted him back, still a little confused about the lack of people around. He went all the way up to me to shake my hand and I noticed his smell. He must have worked out already that day. It wasn't a bad smell or anything though... it was very musky but not unpleasant. The kind of smell you only get after a day of good, honest work.

"So..." I asked, reluctantly, "Where is everybody? Do customers not come here this late?"

"Oh, the gym is officially closed already," he explained.

"What? Oh man, so I'm keeping you here after hours? I'm so sorry!"

"Ronnie," he said with a smile, as his huge hand ruffled through my hair, "I did that on purpose. I wouldn't have time to train you during the day. And this way, we can have as much space and time as we need. We can do whatever we want."

For some reason, I thought he smirked a little bit at that last sentence, but I was sure that was just a coincidence.

"Okay then... I guess I'll go change," I said, surprising myself with my own enthusiasm and I went to change into my workout clothes in a hurry.

***

"So," Oscar asked, as he was towering over me with his hands crossed on his chest, with me already changed into my baggy workout clothes, "What exactly is your goal, kid? Lose weight? More muscle definition? Overall health?"

"I'd like to get jacked," I answered, "Really jacked. Like you."

I immediately blushed as Oscar started laughing.

"Oh really? You like my body, huh?" he said, as he flexed his arm. 

"Yeah, I mean, you look really good. I'm sure you have the girls are just crazy about you."

"I suppose they are," he said with a weird smile on his face, "Well, bud, a body like this requires a lot of dedication. We'll have to change up your routine, your diet and basically your entire lifestyle. Do you think you can take whatever I give you, Ronnie?"

"Yes, sir!" I exclaimed with excitement. He chuckled at my reaction.

"That's the spirit, kid."

After that, the most demanding exercise I've ever went through started. Oscar and I went through a variety of machines and dumbbells. He was very attentive and always made sure I was doing all the exercises just right. He was not afraid to put his hands on me to correct my posture, or to show me the various muscle groups of my body and how they work. Before every new set, his big hand showed me what exactly we were going to train. I figured he was very educated about this stuff because with his fingers running over my muscles, he was able to pinpoint where exactly did the muscles begin and end, their function... 

It felt almost as physically exhausting as mentally. He told me a lot about the human body and I'm ashamed to say I couldn't remember most of it. He also said that a guy like me shouldn't feel too self-conscious about his body and that I had to be careful when lifting anything too heavy and not overdo anything. He insisted that it would be better for me to undertake these trainings regularly and he wouldn't take my polite "no" for an answer. In my head, I was thanking heavens for this generous man so eager to show me the ropes.

Obviously I can't speak from experience, but I don't think a lot of trainers use the same hands-on approach, as Oscar did. He carefully selected all the weights for me. And when they proved to be a little too heavy for me to complete the whole set, he had no problem getting behind me and joining my hands in whatever I was pushing or pulling. The close presence of this man really made me do my best. I didn't want to embarass myself, even though he kept saying that not being able to do everything on the first try is completely okay. I just had to keep trying - with Oscar's assistance.

"There we go," he said, as he was spotting me on the bench, "One more push. You can do it."

I was just barely able to do it, but I was distracted by Oscar's crotch so close to my face. I guess it's normal for a spotter to have their junk so close to the face of the guy laying on the bench, but it was still making me feel weird. I closed my eyes and tried to ignore the fact that Oscar was clearly wearing no underwear under his shorts, based on the clear outline - even though I was really curious about how exactly his cock looked like. Was it as big as the rest of him? How thick was it when it got hard? How many chicks did he already nail with that thing? 

Even without the visual, the smell was still there, making my head spin. It was even stronger in the crotch area and made me a little bit dizzy. I was surprised that I wasn't disgusted - just distracted. Distracted by the intensity of it, and the manliness... It didn't smell exactly like mine, it was much more powerful. And domineering. Somehow, I made it to the end of the set and finally put the bar back on the rack, completely sweaty and exhausted.

"Good job, buddy," he told me, leaning on the bar, giving me a nice, warm smile, "Except it looks like you got a little bit too excited about the workout."

At first, I was confused by what he was saying but then I looked down and the realization hit me. I had a raging hard on in my baggy shorts, standing up like a lighthouse! I must have been thinking about some of the girls Oscar was probably fucking a little too hard.

"Oh shit!" I said and immediately sat up, almost hitting my forehead on the bar, "I'm so sorry! Please, don't get the wrong idea!"

He was laughing - but it was a hearty, friendly laugh, not a mocking laugh.

"It's alright, kid," he told me, "It happens to everyone during the heat of the workout. Even me."

"Really?" I asked, still sitting up to hide my tent.

"Yeah..." he nodded, "You're probably gonna see it sooner or later. Anyway, there is actually something about this I wanted to ask you. As a part of our training and all."

"What is it, coach?"

"Well," he said, as he sat up next to me, "You've got all this energy inside of you, Ronnie. It's a lot because you're still young and have a lot of pent up stuff inside of you. For the first couple of weeks, I'm gonna need you to conserve this energy and focus that on your workouts only. In other words, I'll need you to stop jerking off until further notice."

That was a very strange request that made me look into Oscar's eyes.

"Are you serious?"

"Very serious, Ronnie."

"Coach, I... I usually do it at least once or twice a day," I said in a weak voice, "I'm not sure if I'll be able to hold up for long."

He smirked at me and patted me on the back.

"Trust me, kid," he said to me, softly, "Just try it until our next training and if it doesn't work out, we'll find a way for you to let off some steam. In a more controlled manner. Now, can you promise me to hold up until the next session?"

"I suppose..."

"I'm gonna need something a little more concrete than that, Ronnie."

"Yes, of course, sorry. I promise not to jerk off until our next lesson, coach."

"That's a good boy," he said, as he ruffled my hair again, "Our next lesson will be the day after tomorrow, around this time. Now, I think we've done enough for the day. Go and hit the showers."

I nodded and quickly got up. The idea of hot water running over me and relaxing my muscles was too enticing to ignore any longer. I quickly went to the locker room and disposed of all my clothes. The showers were right next to it, so I immediately went in.

My cock was still semi hard. It was going to be a tough task to do as coach Oscar said, but I knew I needed to toughen up. If I wasn't able to keep my hands off my dick for a while, how was I ever supposed to gather up enough discipline to get the same kind of body that he had? As I was thinking about his body, I heard the door behind me open. I immediately tensed up. Seems like Oscar needed to rinse off too...

I don't know why that made me nervous. We were in the kind of showers where everybody could see everybody. It was hard to ignore that jacked up, perfect body standing so close to me... And he seemed to do very little about covering himself up in front of me. I practically had no choice - I had to sneak a peek at his cock. Otherwise, the curiosity would just kill me.

Oscar was packing a lot. Not only was he much longer than average, he was also as thick as a nice, fat sausage. The tool hanging between his legs, looking just a tiny little bit hard, was uncut and completed by a set of low-hanging full-looking balls. Concerned about his hygiene, Oscar gave his private parts extra attention and soaped them up real good a couple times. Even though I already knew how it looked like, I had to steal one or two other looks.

I didn't think there was anything sexual about it. I was simply admiring another man's body. That was part of the gym culture, right? Oscar was a real fucking man, and if I was ever going to be as good as him, I needed to know what kind of task I'm taking on myself. Sure, I might not be able to do anything about the size of my cock, but it never hurts to know where the other guys stand...
