 The low rumble of thunder and the patter of rain on the roof woke me from my first night with Johnny. There was a warm feeling of immense satisfaction tingling throughout my body. I felt almost high if one were to describe what I was feeling the morning after our first night. Everything we did had the right feel to it, unrushed, real and satisfying. My first anal sex orgasm or rather orgasms 'plural' caused me to lose consciousness in the end. When I came to I was being cradled in his arms. We talked a while before taking a shower together. After which we crawled into bed and collapsed because we had been going all day and we didn't stop until nearly 2:30am. 

Johnny was sitting by the window sipping coffee watching me sleep and watching the rain. When he saw me stirring he came over and handed me a cup. "Thank you for last night." he said and kissed me softly. There was nothing strange, nothing awkward. It was a nice way to wake up. I was still naked from the night before but the chill of the morning damp caused by the rain made me cold. He handed me a robe. "Here, this will keep you warm until I can keep you warm myself." After putting it on and propping myself up on pillows I sipped my coffee, "another nice way to wake up" I thought. 

Johnny sat next to me on his pillows and smiled a little nervously and said "I know this happened rather suddenly and finding out that I'm in love with you was likely a shock. I want you to know that I do not expect the same in return and I don't need that so long as I can be near you and...." He sipped his coffee then continued "and fuck you, forever." My hand reached for his and our fingers mixed. No words were necessary we just looked at each other. 

Distant thunder seemed to magnify the storm we both felt brewing. I leaned in to rest my head on his shoulders. It felt right. His arms encircled my shoulders and I pulled the blankets over us both. We watched the rainfall and lightning flash. Gradually my hand snaked under his robe for his cock. Once my hand grasped his manhood and he let out a soft gasp and his manhood began to rise. I let my fingers caress his cock and balls feeling his shaft expand in my hand. I moved the blanket out of the way so I could see it grow. 

It was the first time I had really looked at it. I'd already experienced it in action so getting acquainted with it was appropriate. It was a perfectly straight, cut 8" cock with a thick shaft. I made an 'O' with my thumb and forefinger and in my minds eye pictured it entering me the night before. My fingers spread apart around his thick shaft as they slid down from the head to the base. My fingers when they were fully spread apart encircled little more than half his girth. It didn't seem possible that it had been inside me already. "What did it feel like being inside me?" I asked as I grasped onto his shaft with my hand and slid it back up to the head. 

He turned to me "It felt like heaven to me." he said. "It felt like silk, warm beautiful silk enveloping my cock." His eyes glistened "What made it perfect was the fact that it was inside 'you'. It was you I was fucking, it was you that made it heaven." He kissed me as my hand kept my grip on his cock and pumped it gently as our tongues mingled.

Once again I was overcome with the desire to suck his cock only I didn't want to just suck it I wanted to swallow it...to have it in my mouth...to give him ultimate pleasure. Breaking the kiss I moved myself down his body to his cock where I planted a kiss on the base of his cock where his pubic bone met his cock. Slowly I kissed my way up his cock licking and kissing the top portion of his shaft. At the top I tongued the head and closed my lips over the top then moved my lips down the underside of his shaft and down inch by inch until I reached the base and I latched my lips to his under side and licked and sucked harder at his soft under belly. 

Then one by one I sucked his balls into my mouth and sucked them, which caused him to moan "Oh god". Releasing them from my suction I licked the underbelly of his shaft all the way to his head where my tongue attempted to probe the tip of this cock tasting his sweet pre-cum that was already present. Sucking his head into my mouth I slipped as much of his shaft into my mouth as I could in my compromised position. But I wanted to deep throat him or at least try. 

In my travels I'd heard of a technique where the person who is attempting deep throat should lay themselves with their head hanging off the bed opening the throat for easier penetration. As I thought of this I pumped my mouth over his cock reveling in the moans that I was creating. For several slow minutes I pumped, licked and sucked on every sweet inch of him before I asked "Do you have any flavored lube?" He looked down at me smiling.

"Why flavored?" he asked. I kissed his shaft all the way down to his scrotum before answering.

"I want to try to deep throat you." I said between kissing and licking his shaft. 

His mouth curled into a smile "Really?" he said. He reached for his bedside table and pulled out a green tube of mint-flavored lubricant, which I took greedily. Squeezing lubricant into my hand I coated his cock with it. As I finished I licked his shaft to give it a taste and it really did taste like mint, though there was a bit of an after-taste I didn't mind. Rolling onto my back I let my head fall over the edge then motioned for Johnny to stand next to the bed. As it turned out I was at the perfect height.

Johnny was shaking with excitement as my mouth opened to take him. My lips encircled his head as I reached for his thighs to pull him into my eager mouth. Instantly the lubricants benefit was apparent as it slid more easily past my tongue and touched the roof of my mouth. To my surprise the gag reflex was greatly reduced in this position. Inhaling I held my breath as I pumped his cock in and out of my mouth forcing myself to take him deeper every other stroke. After a few moments I felt his cock slip in past my tongue as my gag kicked in. Pulling him out I took a breath and slowly forced his cock passed my tongue initiating the gag once again. 

Swallowing my gag reflex down I found that my throat opened up and he slid in deeper I held his cock there fighting the urge to gag. I then slid him out to take a breath. My mouth remained around his cock as I took several deep breaths through my nose. As I rested Johnny began massaging my throat with his fingers. "This might help" he said as two fingers stroked up and down my throat with gentle pressure. "Just take it slow" he said. "You may not get it all right away. OK?" he said stroking my head with his other hand "I am a little big" 

I did as he suggested and slid his cock back into my mouth slowly past my gag reflex -which was noticeably reduced. He was right his thickness was a challenge because I did get the head into my throat but his girth proved challenging. So I contented myself with the progress I'd achieved so far and slowly began to pump his cock in and out of my hungry mouth. The fact that I was taking him deep pleased me and I did every so often attempt to take his cock even deeper. This was a slow process. I deliberately went slowly because I wanted to experience his cock for a long while before I let him cum. 

As he would approach release I'd back off and wait until the urge passed. This had the effect of driving him mad with passion and lust. When it was clear that he needed to cum I pulled off him and said "When you cum, pull out and cum on my face ok?" He smiled down at me and nodded. He was unable to speak. Taking him back in my mouth I addressed his need with some vigor pumping is cock in and out of my mouth in a steady rhythm. As he approached orgasm his hands cupped the back of my neck, lifted my neck up and I felt his cock slip into my depths another 2 inches easily. By lifting my neck he had opened my throat and now I was doing a true deep throat. 

From his throat came a guttural "Aughh..God..."as he felt his cock slide deeper still looking down at me in astonishment. "Oh, babe I'm sorry, did I hurt you?" My answer to him was swift as my hands once again pulled his manhood into my throat I wanted to please him. It was soon clear that pulling out was not going to happen so I went with it. As his orgasm approached I could feels his body twitch and jerk and as the tell tale signs of this event passed no return I pulled him as deep as I was able felt his body spasm as he moaned "I...thought....Auugggggghhhh....Babe....Oh...Babe....Yesss....." as hot jets of his semen coat the lining of my esophagus. His body convulsed violently as his body injected mine with his essence again. 

We separated only because I had to breath otherwise I would have gladly kept him there until he was soft. As it was breathing was necessary and so he pulled out. Falling to his knees he kissed me as I lay upside down from him. Breathing in deep I let him kiss me as my accomplishment settled in. He climbed back onto the bed and took my cock into his mouth. I felt his mouth do things to me that I had rarely felt. Then he stopped a moment and said. "I know I said I'm not much into this, but baby I'm in love with you and you have already done so much for me...I want you to know I'd do anything for you." He continued his ministrations and I let his mouth fuck my cock...until I came. He did not swallow but he didn't have to. I came in torrents none the less as ropes of cum shot from my cock and again landed on my chest. 

We hit the shower once again but just long enough to get clean and again after I utilized the 'device' as I planned to have his cock in my ass again, and again...and again. We found ourselves back in his bed, which he corrected to 'our' bed when he caught me referring to it as 'his'. He gave me a short terry cloth robe to wear which suited me fine. We had coffee in bed watched the television with the sound muted as neither of us wanted to listen to the negativity. Eventually we turned it off and listened to the rain and thunder. We had no music playing just the sound of the rain falling on the leaves outside the window that Johnny had opened earlier while he was watching me sleep. 

We had been sitting next to each other holding hands content, having no need to be anywhere decided to just let the day take us. I took it upon myself to crawl between his legs and leaned back against him. His arms were automatically around me. I fell into a light sleep. Thunder woke me from my nap to find Johnny's arms around me still but his lips were kissing my neck and ears and his cock was protruding from under my own fully erect and ready for action. My hand reached up behind his neck and pulled his lips to my neck again as my free hand reached for his cock stroking it. We were not rushed but it didn't take long before we needed more. Pulling away I turned around and sat on his lap with his cock sitting in front of me my hand grasped it as our eyes met. We knew what we wanted. "I want to see your face this time" he said leaning back. 

I leaned in and kissed him saying "OK" as our lips met. His hardness pressed against my belly as we kissed. My hand reached for the lubricant and I sat up. Squeezing too much out it spilled out over my hand falling onto his cock, the cold of it making it twitch. I coated every inch of his cock with his lube then I reached for his hand put the lube in it and he lubed my ass. I then straddled his lap again, moved up and over his cock. Kissing him pressed my ass against his tip holding myself there. Breaking the kiss I lifted my body up by pressing my hand into his shoulders and slowly felt his head penetrate my ass again. Even though it had been mere hours since our first time my hole was still resistant to his intrusion. I gasped as I forced his head into me again. 

His hands fell to my waist and our eyes met but no words were spoken. Slowly I rocked myself back and forth taking him deeper each time feeling his shaft penetrate and fill me. I went slow because I loved feeling his cock sliding into me. Every so often I'd stop and let my body get used to his being there. At these moments I'd look into his eyes and we'd just watch each other. 

As soon as I felt my cheeks touch his skin I sat up straight and let my legs spread wide which forced his cock what felt like several more inches into my ass causing me to gasp in surprise and pleasure. Rocking my head back my mouth opened as once again I became one with Johnny I felt his body merge with mine as our heart beats came into rhythm. The physical sensation was overwhelming as I once again lost my physical identity and became a true universal human being. The urge to bend myself backwards and grind my ass into his pubic bone to take more of his flesh into my body shot through my body like a jolt of electricity. 

Looking down at him his mouth was open as were his eyes. He felt our bodies synchronizing. "I've never felt like this before" he said as he fell to the bed arching his spine as if trying to force himself deeper into me. "god, Oh God...Oh my God Rich...Oh god....god.." His face turned up to me again...back still arched. His eyes blazed with lust...love...and a host of unidentifiable emotions neither of us had experienced before. 

Again I could feel his pulse as we stared at each other letting our bodies become one. Coming together in one fluid motion we kissed long, slow and hard. His arms wrapped around my body and mine his and we hugged each other close both my arms and legs wrapped around him grinding my ass against his pelvis. His head nestled into the crook of my neck pulling me close as if trying to press our bodies together so they could never again be separated. In my ear he whispered "Do you mind that I love you?" 

Hugging him back with equal force I whispered back "No" I said closing my eyes. "I do not mind" and kissed his lips gently but passionately feeling his pulse quicken through our connection. Breaking away I looked into his eyes smiling. 

He rolled me over onto my back saying "Good because I'm in love with you and I want you to know it, always" he said. He leaned in and kissed me softly driving his cock into my ass. Breaking his kiss he pushed himself up and looked at me. 

Reaching for the headboard I braced my body and pushed my pelvis back against his cock. Rocking my head back my passion for his cock took me as once again I felt our heart beats synchronize. "If you keep fucking me like this...I may have no choice but to love you right back...." I groaned arching my back as a wave of passion swept through me. My eyes blazed as I stared up at him "Fuck me" I said "Fuck me like you mean it". 

He reached for the nightstand opened the top drawer and pulled out another of the sexual stimulants pulled out of my ass, popped it into me followed instantly by his cock which he buried to the hilt once again. The whole process took less than ten seconds. As his pelvis touched my skin the stimulant took affect. My cock engorged as my body surged with willful lust and passion. My hands reached for his hands, which were pressing my knees to my chest grasping his wrists I pulled my self down forcing myself onto his cock. "Fuck!!" I said as once again my body reacted to his warm presence. Another surge of erotic tension jolted through my body. Every pulse of his heart I could feel pulsing through me. Before I was aware of it his hands were on my ankles placing them on his shoulders as he rose to his knees, leaned into me and kissed me again.

Pulling back he rose up, pressed my knees to my chest and pulled his cock out enough to have me feel it slide back in again. "Now, I'm going to fuck you like you belong to me..." His eyes were red with passion "Are you ready?" he asked. I nodded

In one long full stroke his cock slid half way out, paused and slid back in again slowly then after pausing again he slid out all the way until only his head remained, paused and in one constant yet gently motion slid all the way back in causing me to moan in pleasure at the friction as I felt ever vein of his hyper engorged cock sliding itself back into my sheath. Again he pulled out, paused and buried himself to the hilt this time faster...each successive thrust was faster and harder. Soon His cock was like a piston pumping into and out of my ass slamming his pelvis against my cheeks with a 'puk', Puk, puk puk, as I responded with my own moans of approval UH,M uhhh uhhh, uhhh "yes, Yes...like this...fuck me, fuck me fuck me!!!" Johnny shifted himself up, placing my ankles on his shoulders, gripped my waist and increased his assault soon the room was filled with a rapid succession of "Thuk, thuk thuk thuk....as our bodies came together faster and harder. 

Soon I was seeing nothing but a blur of motion as my body shook from his assault. My passion increased with the severity of his assault. My head arched back as my fists gripped the headboard and pushed back against each thrust. Deep inside my body I could feel his cock thicken as he approached orgasm. I wasn't quite there yet but it didn't matter to me, the feeling of his cock slamming into me was enough. "Cum inside me" I whispered as it became clear that he would not be able to hold himself back much longer. "Its ok to let go baby. Let it go...fill me with your cum...I want to look into your eyes...as you cum....fuck my ass....give it to me". Without warning my body jolted with a deep tension...forcing me to arch over backwards in an involuntary spasm that folded me backwards as my own orgasm approached with unexpected ferocity. My own body was being assaulted by internal tensions as I felt his cock pumping into me. The harder he pumped the more intensely my body responded. It was as if every fiber was being pulled tight like a bowstring. I was crying out in blissful agony as my body wound itself up for a release I could not begin to imagine. 

Johnny started slamming me harder and harder lifting my waist up as he pumped into me savagely his head hanging down as he approached his own earth shattering orgasm. My body was now off the bed with my head being the only part touching the sheets. I was crying out "Oh Johnny, Oh..God...keep fucking me like this..OH God..Please...don't ever stop....please..." Then as I thought I could take no more my tension intensified and I cried out..."Oh..God....JOHNNY!!!" and my body lifted off the sheets as my whole body wadded up to a singlular ball of explosive tension and....released...My brain exploded with white flashes of lightning that rendered me speechless as every cell of my body released its own energy into my orgasm. Torrents of cum shot from my cock and onto my face and chest in multiple spurts. It felt as if I'd just passed a baseball through my cock. But my tension didn't ease and my orgasm did not cease. My body instantly wound itself up for yet another which tore at my insides as severely as the first. 

Johnny increased his assault my own orgasm having energized his lust. My hands clawed at his forearms gripping them and pulling myself up my arms wrapped around his neck and shoulders as my lips kissed is neck...hugging him close. I was now in his lap as he bodily picked me up and slammed me onto his cock again and again....My second orgasm ripped through me like a storm causing me to release my cum onto his chest...but as I released I pressed my lips to his ear and whispered in beat with is thrusts "I....love...you...." and I came again. 

My words were clearly heard because he stopped looked at me smiled and he laid me down onto the bed....my arms still wrapped around his shoulders our eyes were locked....he savagely fucked me..as we stared into each others eyes...then time stopped...he moved in closed his eyes and we kissed....as he came deep, deep inside me. "I love you to" he said as we came down from our bliss. 
