 I could barely sleep, when the day came. I remember waking up about an hour before my alarm clock with a huge hardon in my underwear. Oscar was very explicit about not jerking off unless I get fed so it was really hard for me to just stay in the bed with my thoughts, surrounding Oscar and his crazy hot friend Carlos. So I got out of bed and did some stretches and push-ups instead. I didn't want to embarrass Oscar after all... He was the one coaching me all this time and I wanted to show everything I got!

The day was long and restless. Coach confirmed our meetup to me by a text message at about lunchtime and I wasn't able to think about anything else since. The time finally came - 9PM, time for me to pack up my gym gear and head there.

I arrived to the fully illuminated gym, which was - of course - deserted. I only heard a couple of voices. That threw me off... there was more than two. I stepped in to check it out and I saw three, instead of two burly dudes waiting by the bar.

One of them was Oscar, and I recognized Carlos as the second one. The third one was a tall black man with a shaved head and body almost as jacked as Carlos. They were all wearing tank tops and briefs - the brand kind, a very tight fit that didn't leave a lot of room for imagination.

All of them turned their heads as soon as I came in. "Ronnie!" Oscar greeted me, a wide smile on his lips, as he approached me, "Come here, let me introduce you to everybody!"

I have to admit, I was a little bit shy in front of all three of these studs about to watch me work out - especially in front of that guy that I didn't know. Nevertheless, I approached Oscar and he put his arm around my shoulders. My eyes shily admired their hard muscles underneath those tank tops - it was hard not to feel humbled in their presence. They seemed to be friendly though.

"Ronnie here is a prized trainee of mine," Oscar said, his hand rubbing my shoulder, "He's the one I've been telling you all about. And he's the one you're gonna help me train today. Say hi, Ronnie!"

"H-Hey," I stammered, immediately going red in the face. Both of the guys laughed and the bald guy decided to step up and break the ice by offering me a handshake.

"What's up, Ronnie, I'm Roy," he said, his voice one of the deepest I've ever heard. I offered my hand and I thought he was going to crush it - but he ended up giving me a gentle but firm handshake, "I assume you're a little surprised to see me here - Oscar said was going on and on about how... diligent you are, I just couldn't help but see for myself. Hope you don't mind I tagged along."

"No! Obviously, of course not. You look like you could give me a lot of good advice."

Roy smirked at that, knowing too well that advice wasn't the only thing he could give to me. My eyes looked down and saw him adjusting the bulge in his briefs, which now looked a little bit full than it did a minute ago. He then stepped back to make room for Carlos.

"Hey there, bro," he said to me in a familiar tone, "I'd shake your hand, but it seems a little formal, given that we've basically already met."

He winked at me and I smiled awkwardly. Last week, coach took a video of me lapping down some of Carlos' cum that he rubbed out just for me, to help me with my diet. Based on some reactions Oscar got after, Carlos enjoyed that video very much.

"No need to be shy around these guys, my boy," Oscar assured me, "Just do whatever you'd normally say or do with me around them. Now, I don't think there's any reason to postpone our training any longer. Ronnie, you seem to be the one wearing the most clothing - show the guys how we like to dress when we work out around here."

I was afraid the toned studs would be judging me when I stripped down in front of them, but as I took my shirt off, they gave me some very nice compliments. After I was only in my briefs, the guys followed my lead and took off their tank tops. Needless to say that their bodies were perfect - beautiful muscled figures that looked like they were cut from stone. I was surrounded by three, huge, muscled alpha studs. It was a little humbling, but also made me feel powerful. Like I was one of them, even though my physique was incomparable.

"That's better..." coach announced, "Now, let's get to work."

Oscar and I went on with our usual routine, while the guys did their own - they always picked out machines that were close to us so they could observe. Once in a while, Roy or Carlos pointed something out about my technique and it was very helpful. All that while Oscar kept close to me, making sure I was doing everything as instructed.

"Make sure to pull it back all the way to your pecs, boy," Carlos instructed me, leaning over me as I was on the pull up machine. I was sitting on Oscar's lap and his hands were wrapped around my torso to make sure my back was arched just right. I almost felt Carlos's eyes sliding up and down my half-naked body. "There you go... flex it just right."

"You know," Roy joined into the conversation, "That machine is good and all but nothing beats good old-fashioned pull ups. You have to use much more of your muscle groups that way."

I let go of the handle and wiped the sweat off of my forehead.

"I can't really do many pull ups just yet, though..." I said, once again feeling a little ashamed of my own abilities.

"Well, a few is better than none," Carlos suggested, "And they help you get stronger even if you do them with assistance. Come on, boy. Let me help you."

"I think you should listen to Carlos, Ronnie," Oscar said into my ear. It always made my cock jump a little bit when he spoke to me from this close, "He trained a bunch of young boys, just like you. He knows what he's doing."

"Okay then," I said and got off of Oscar's lap. Carlos led me to the pull up bar, where I put my hands on it and he put his hands on my hips. He was as close to me as Oscar was seconds before and whispered into my ear just like him.

"Now, do as many as you're able to. I'll help you out after you get tired."

I grunted a little bit and hoped Carlos wouldn't notice my growing erection. His sweaty musk was filling my nostrils - he smelled different than Oscar, but just as manly. It was like even his smell was stronger than me, pinning my senses down and penetrating them deeply. I was surrounded by his essence and I was welcoming it.

"Yes, sir," I responded, wondering for a second if that wasn't unnecessarily formal, but Carlos didn't correct me. My hands toughened their grip and I started pulling myself up, with Carlos's meaty fingers resting on my hips, sliding down to my ass as I was pulling myself up.

"Nice going, boy. Keep it up. One... Two... Three..."

My hands started shaking after three and Carlos noticed immediately. His hands grabbed me by my ass and he pressed himself against me, his body providing support for my back. I felt his sweaty chest rubbing against me and it was starting to get harder and harder to focus on the workout. But with the newly found support, I was able to continue.

"There you go," he grunted, as I rubbed my body all over him doing five more pull ups before my hands completely gave up. I felt Carlos's bulge on my ass hardening every time I slid against it. Working out must have had the same effect on him as it did on me and Oscar. When I got down, my arms hurting like hell, I turned around to find him smiling, still keeping his hands on my hips. Oscar and Roy were standing behind him, both adjusting their bulges. I could practically smell the testosterone in the air, all that manly power enveloping me. Tension was in the air, as all the three men surrounded me.

"Time for you to get your ass on the bench, boy," Carlos said to me, licking his lips. That was a little confusing.

"But... we already did the bench press today earlier today, remember?" I asked.

"You shouldn't talk back to coach Carlos like that, boy," Oscar told me with a smile, "Remember, we know exactly what's best for you."

"Right! Right... I'm sorry," I corrected myself immediately and headed for the bench. I assumed the position and was ready for the guys to put on the weights. But instead, Roy came and took the bar off the handles completely. I got even more confused as all three coaches of mine stood around me, all of them rubbing their bulges, which were now tenting their briefs to the limit.

"You've done well for today, Ronnie," Oscar said, as he knelt between my legs, "Time for a different kind of a workout."

I gasped as his hands disposed of my underwear, leaving me bare naked in front of the other two muscle studs. I wasn't the only one who was naked for long, though - Carlos and Roy, both of which were standing by my sides, reached down to their waists and dropped their briefs to their ankles.

"Wow..." I gasped, as my eyes kept switching between the huge rock-hard slabs of meat right before my eyes. Roy had a beercan of a cock, almost terrifyingly thick and veiny. He was cut and his plump head stared at my mouth with only one intention in mind. He had full-looking balls which promised a very nutritious reward for my hard training. Oscar said he wouldn't want me to take just any man's cum and now I was able to truly appreciate that. I couldn't wait for Roy to unload inside of me.

Carlos wasn't a disappointment either. His uncut cock was already wet from precum and looked as juicy as I imagined it. He had a hairy, low-hanging ball sack full of rich cum, just for me. I knew how that cum tasted already and I was so thirsty for another batch.

"Look at him," Carlos chuckled, "You can almost see his mouth watering."

He was absolutely right - my mouth was already wet thinking of accommodating these two beautiful tools and I was going to say something until a new impulse interrupted my thoughts - I felt Oscar's hungry, warm tongue on my exposed hole. Fireworks launched before my eyes as Oscar started rimming my ass, presumably preparing it for entrance of his ragingly hard dick and almost instinctively, I opened my legs to give him a better access and I opened my mouth in a loud, passionate moan.

The two men immediately took advantage of that and pressed their cocks against my waiting mouth. I obliged them and started making out with both their tips, sucking in their precum and sweat. Their tastes were different from Oscar's, but they were no less delicious and I instantly got hooked up on the powerful mix of their salty sweat and musky precum dripping into my mouth.

"Dios mio..." Carlos whispered as he pushed his cock against Roy's, deeper into my mouth.

"What a mouth," Roy grunted, as he put his arm against Carlos and pulled him closer, which made it easier for me to take both of those men into my mouth. Their tips were rubbing on each other as they stretched my mouth and dripped their pre-juice right into my throat.

Meanwhile, Oscar's tongue was done with my hole. He pulled away and stood up, grabbing my feet and spreading them even wider.

"Fuck, Ronnie," he grunted, "Tonight you'll be leaving with a month's worth of protein inside of you, I can promise you that."

I moaned, trying to show my gratitude while fitting both Carlos and Roy into my mouth. As hot as it was letting both of the studs between my lips, I wanted to make sure I service them both as fully and attentively as possible. That is why I pulled away from their dicks and started giving them individual attention, while entertaining the other with my hand.

My lefty wrapped around Carlos's meat and pulled the foreskin back and forth gently, letting his leaky cock drip all over my chin, while my lips decided it was Roy's turn to use them. The beer can slid into my mouth like a glove, his fat tip pushing against my throat while my lips and tongue were trying to please his shaft as hard as possible. 

"Oh, fuck!" I heard him sigh before I felt his huge hand in my hair. He stroked it and gently thrust his meat in and out of my throat, stretching it to its limit. I was trained from Oscar's cock to suppress my gag reflex, but it was still hard not to gag as this monster of a dick attacked my throat.

My lips opened and a big drool of saliva and precum leaked out of my chin as I felt Oscar's cock pressing into my tight ass. By this point, I was practically addicted to coach fucking me. I couldn't decide if I loved him more in my mouth or in my ass - on a good night, I was lucky enough to get both. And tonight felt like a winning lottery ticket with these two bodybuilders feeding me while another one was taking my ass as his property.

"As tight as always," I heard Oscar say as he started thrusting into me, that beautiful cock of his stretching my ass muscles, giving them a pretty hard set to workout to. 

"You don't say, Oscar," Roy turned to him, "Wanna share with your friends?"

"Maybe," Oscar turned to him, not stopping his violent thrusts, "But I get to fill him up, first."

"Heh, you're a little possessive of the little guy, aren't you?" Roy chuckled, as he smiled down at my lips wrapped around his meat, "Can't say that I'm surprised... I wouldn't let an ass like that out of my sight if I found it first. What do you say about me taking you for a ride next, boy?"

My eyes bulged at the image of this giant dick penetrating my ass. Nevertheless, I nodded - you don't talk back to any of your coaches and you certainly don't say 'no' to an opportunity to get fucked by a stud like that. The thought of having him penetrate me and stretch me to my absolute limit was scary - but so hot at the same time.

"All right," Carlos said impatiently, "You've got a nice hand, boy, that's for sure, but now I think it's my turn on your mouth."

Roy let his dick slip out and I immediately grabbed him by my right hand as I swallowed Carlos's juicy meat in one gulp. I couldn't believe all these three men all wanted me so bad, getting competitive and so possessive of my body... It made me feel like a star of the show and sent shivers of excitement down my spine.

My hole quickly got used to Oscar's thrusts. His cock already felt so natural inside of me every time he fucked me - like a true connection between the coach and his student. He was puffing hard as he was fucking me - the foursome was clearly making him even hornier than usual. And he wasn't the only one. I myself was leaking excessively all over my belly as I let Carlos feed me his delicious, uncut cock while jerking off Roy's thick monster, letting it leak all over my chin.

"¡Carajo!" Carlos sighed as he thrusted in and out of my mouth. He was much more active than Roy and his taste was driving me crazy. It didn't take long before he took initiative completely and grabbed my hand, forcefully pushing his cock past my mouth and into my waiting throat. His uncut dick was making me moan, even though the sensation wasn't exactly pleasant.

"Easy there, friend," Roy chuckled, "Let him keep at least some of his teeth... Fuck, kid, I'm close. You gotta slow down - I wanna save it for your ass."

"You won't have to wait for long..." Oscar said to him in between grunts as he was fucking me like there was no tomorrow. I knew him well enough to know that he wasn't lying - his sweat was dripping all over my lap and belly and I felt his cock reaching a peak of hardness as it was penetrating me. With a few other thrusts and loud grunts, he started unloading inside of me - my first batch of a nutritious load for the night.

I moaned loudly around Carlos's leaking dick as I felt Roy slip out of my hand.

"About time for me to get those sloppy seconds," he said as he took Oscar's place. My coach slipped out and generously let him take my legs and press that gigantic piece of meat against my loosened hole.

"Be careful with him, Roy," Oscar said, wiping the sweat off of his forehead, "He's not completely trained yet."

"When's a better time to train him than now?" Roy smirked at him and slowly maneuvered his huge scary piece of meat right at my hole. I looked down with a bit of anxiety as the giant man started penetrating me, but my view was soon completely blocked my Carlos mounting my chest so he could have better access to my mouth. I looked up to the eyes of the big bodybuilder as he looked down on me with a smile and a hand on the back of my head. My nose was full of his sweat - it was dripping down on me, covering me, making sure I smelled like him. Their cum wasn't enough - these men needed to claim me completely - all of my body and its senses.

"Your asshole isn't gonna be the only hole getting a ride, amigo," he grunted as he started drilling my throat with his huge, uncut, delicious dick. I thought he was rough before, but now when he got full access to my face, he really went to town. His low hangers were slapping against my chin, scratching me with the hair on them. My throat was aching and the only thing I could taste and sense was Carlos - well, at least until Roy's bloated tip finally made it into my hole.

My moan echoed through the gym as the man finally managed to get inside of me.

"Shit!" he panted, "Haven't fucked a boy this tight in months! Damn, I won't be able to last a minute..."

Despite what he said, he started pushing deeper and deeper into me with no intention of stopping. His thick cock was stretching me painfully and tirelessly. I closed my eyes and focused on giving Carlos the best of my tongue as I could. I mean sure, I was in pain... But it was like working out before. If it didn't hurt, I would never get anywhere. If I tried hard at the gym, I would be ripped in no time, and the same logic applied here - if I did well underneath the bodies of these studs, I'd soon be able to take their cocks easier in no time and get all that nutritious cum for myself!

I was so greedy... Carlos was fucking my face but I was moaning like a whore around his cock, putting on a show, opening wide and letting him see how deep he's pushing it into my throat. I wanted him to give it to me all. That batch he rubbed out for me before wasn't enough anymore - I needed a fresh one, and soon.

"What a hardworking little slut you are..." Carlos said, getting more and more vocal with me. I could sense he was close to filling up my mouth and letting me taste him again, lap up all that thick cream and let it slide into my stomach. I knew there were only few men on earth who could feed me such quality stuff like these three studs. And I wasn't going to waste a single drop of their precious juices.

"Here you go, boy, swallow it all!" Carlos finally exhaled as he pinned me down onto his dick completely, pushing my nose against his trimmed lap. Even though his cock was deep inside of my throat, he shot so hard and at such an awkward angle that his cum bounced back and started filling up my mouth, letting me really experience his warm, rich load. I thought he tasted good before, but the fresh stuff was incomparable. I immediately started swallowing as his dick kept pushing more and more into my hungry throat.

Carlos wasn't in a rush and got comfortable on my chest, letting me suck him dry and milk his sweaty cock completely clean. When he finally pulled out of my throat, my first reaction was to start giving his privates a thorough tongue bath - a thank you for the amazing ride. He looked a little surprised as he saw me licking his skin and sucking the salty sweat out of it with hunger, but he soon got into it and guided my head to his balls.

"You lubed him up well, Oscar," Roy said, finally giving me his whole length, down to the balls, "And kudos to you, kid - not many boys can take my tool on the first try. You deserve a rich reward for that!"

I felt so spoiled as I worshipped the beautiful low-hanging pair of balls which belonged to the mountain of muscles mounting my chest as another robust stud plugged my hole tightly with his dick, sliding it in and out, with Oscar's cum providing enough lubrication. Out of nowhere I felt a new hand on me, and since Roy was holding both my ankles, I assumed it was coach Oscar.
