 It was a quiet night and the neighborhood was mostly quiet. Since it was monday, most people have gone to sleep early and most of the window were dark. A single, solitary floor in one older building was still lit though. 

If someone climbed onto the ledge and looked through that window, he would see a gigantic, beautiful man named Oscar, stark naked, sitting on a bench in the locker room of the gym, moaning and stroking the hair of a young man kneeling beside him bobbing his head between his legs. 

That young men was me. It was a beautiful ending to another one of our workout sessions. For the last couple of weeks, we've made a lot of progress. I only saw a little bit of the results but I felt myself getting so much fitter. I felt better and healthier, some of my confidence issues were fading away and every day I woke up full of energy. And I owed it all to this man. 

I was making sure the payback he would get for doing all this plus thinking of my protein intake would be as rewarding as possible. 

"Oh you know I love when you work the tip like that," my coach sighed as his sweaty back leaned against the lockers. He put a little pressure on my head as he was getting impatient. "Oh fuck yeah, that's it, you remembered I like it when you play with my balls..."

I was moaning with him as his massive cock slid in and out of my hungry mouth. My lips were already glazed with his precum. I deepthroated him for a while again before I stopped just at his tip and flicked my tongue around his slit. That drove Oscar crazy - and the crazier he was, the bigger reward I was gonna get. 

"God damn, you little bastard," he grunted, "I taught you well. Too well. Get ready, boy... don't waste a drop!"

That was a clear signal for me to seal my lips over his tip and suck as hard as possible. As promised, a torrent of thick man jizz followed to feed my hungry mouth. I quickly fell in love with the taste. Oscar's cum tasted like every single one of my goals, compressed into a form of rich, white liquid. It made me feel strong - when I had at least a piece of this strong man inside of me, I already walked the streets more proudly. 

My mouth sucked everything right off and cleaned coach's sweaty tool clean. 

"Lifting weights is not the only thing you're getting better at," he smirked at me and then something occurred to him, "Oh shit, I almost forgot! I have a surprise for you!"

He leaned into his bag and started looking for something in it. I kept kneeling before him, confused and with a hardon. 

"There it is!" he said as he pulled out a very little capped cup, "I've got something real special for you tonight, kid."

"What is it, coach?" I asked eagerly, my eyes glued on the cup.

"Remember when we talked about nutrition? And how some men have more nutritious cum than others - due to their diet and lifestyle?"

"Yeah, of course, coach. You told me to only get it from you or men that you approve of,"

"That's exactly right, my boy," Oscar beamed at me, "And since I wanted to mix up your diet a little bit, I started looking into my group of friends who would be able to help you with nutrition."

"Wow!" my face went a little red, "I can't believe you went through all that just for my training."

"Don't worry, Ronnie - this is a pro bono kind of situation. I found a couple of perfect and eager candidates. Sadly, they are all very busy men and their workout schedules don't really align with our night... sessions."

"I see," I responded, sounding a little disappointed.

"No need to be down, Ronnie," coach assured me, "I told them everything about your energy and stamina and they agreed to make time to work out with us, together."

"Really?" I couldn't believe it. Was I... gonna be a part of a group of bodybuilders? What a lucky day!

"They should catch up with us next week for our first group session," he said, pulling out his phone, "But one of them, Carlos, was so eager to meet you that he agreed to give you a little bit of a... taste test before you meet him."

He showed me the screen with Carlos at one of those oiled-up bodybuilding championships. He was a beautiful, latin man with a nice goatee on his face and a killer smile. He was flexing his huge muscles and filling up the speedo nicely in the picture. This man was going to come to help train me? Did Christmas come early?

My eyes then shifted to the cup. 

"Is that Carlos's..."

"Just for you, Ronnie, very fresh," Oscar tempted me, "Carlos is my good friend from Colombia. He stopped by about an hour before you came. I guarantee this is some good stuff. And you can have it all - on one condition."

My hungry eyes slipped back to Oscar's face. 

"He wanted me to take a video of you enjoying and savoring it. To make sure you're the kind of good, eager boy I told him you are. Can you do that for him?"

"I..." my tone got a little tentative, but then I threw all my worries away. I wasn't gonna throw a training chance of a lifetime away because of one little video!

"That is absolutely no problem," I grinned, "As long as he doesn't mind that I'm a little shy on camera."

"Oh," he chuckled as he looked for the camera app, "Trust me Ronnie, that's gonna make him even happier. Okay, ready?"

The phone let out a DING and Oscar pointed the camera at himself first. 

"What's up, bro! Oscar here. I'm here with Ronnie,"

The camera shifted on me and I waved and smiled as my face went beet red. I realized I might still have some of Oscar's load on my face and I wasn't sure if it's gonna be visible on the camera. 

"Ronnie here had a productive day today," he said, briefly pointing the camera at his limp dick before turning it back on me, "And he had a big, refreshing protein shake. I don't think it was enough for him though, what do you think Ronnie?"

I felt a little silly, but it was also kind of fun playing around like that. "Yeah I think I could handle a bit more."

"He's modest, he could handle a lot more," Oscar said, reaching for the cup with his free hand and opening it with his thumb. I saw that Carlos filled the small cup nicely. 

"Why don't you smell what Carlos made for you, boy, and tell us what you think of it?" Oscar teased me with the cup under my nose. 

"It smells... like a real fucking man," I sighed as I inhaled the potent smell of Carlos's load. It made me imagine Carlos right before me, hanging his tool right in front of my face. 

"Wow! Ronnie, language!" Oscar chuckled, "Ronnie here can have a dirty little mouth sometimes. Do you want to show Carlos how dirty it can get with his gift for you?"

My tongue ran over my lips. 

"Yeah."

Oscar raised the cup far over my head and started softly leaning it over my face. I opened my mouth and watched a big, long string of cold cum hit my lips and tongue.

"Don't waste it Ronnie, Carlos worked real hard on that," Oscar said as he slowly poured the contents of the cup into my mouth, letting a long string form between the cup and my mouth, catching it all on video. I gulped down Carlos's load, imagining him right here before me, groaning and giving me his thick load personally. My dick was so hard it was aching... I wondered whether that was visible on the video too. 

"Aaaaaand that's all of it," Oscar said as I smacked my lips, "Unless Ronnie wants to lick the cup clean."

I took the plastic cup out of my coach's hands and stuck out my tongue. I cleaned out every single drop of Carlos's jizz, already feeling the power of it coursing through my veins. 

"Damn," Oscar laughed, "As you can see, Ronnie can't wait to meet you. Don't you cancel on us, bro!" 

With that, he ended the video. I watched him play with his phone for a while before e put it away. 

"And... sent," he said as he looked right at me and my throbbing cock, "Wow, that really excited you, didn't it Ronnie?"

"I already thought I was gonna bust a nut when I was sucking you," I sighed, "But now... maaan, I really can't hold it any longer coach."

"Okay then, tiger. You sure earned it today," he said as he raised his left arm, exposing his armpit full of only lightly trimmed hair, "Dig in, boy. I saw you prodding your nose in there last time we fooled around. You could have told me you wanted a taste."

"God dammit, you're the best coach ever," I whimpered as I got into Oscar's lap and stuck my nose into his sweaty, beautiful, hairy armpit. We haven't showered yet and I don't think Oscar has showered since yesterday. He worked out whole day and then the whole evening with me, saving up his manly juices for me, really bottling it up just for me to savor it later. 

My tongue lapped and drank the sour liquid and my face soaked up Oscar's potent smell. I'm ashamed to say it only took a couple strokes for me to shoot my load. I blasted it all over Oscars beautiful chest, his abs and his lap. When I was done, I rested my face in his pit, feeling cozier and safe than ever. 

"Nice load, boy..." he whispered into my ear, "You better catch it all before it gets cold."

Oh, right... I couldn't waste all that cum, even if it was mine. I quickly bend down and licked all of Oscar's sweaty, salty body, cleaning my cum and putting it back inside me. My tongue scrubbed him clean and when I was cleaning up my cum from his cock, I noticed him getting a semi. 

"Dirty little bastard, getting your coach worked up like that so soon," he shook his hand in playful disapproval even though his lips grinned at me, "We have time for that later though. Finish me up and let's shower."

I complied and finished eating up the third load of the last fifteen minutes. Coach then helped me up and led me to the showers. They turned into a very intimate ritual between us where I helped him get soaked up and then he helped me with the same, talking to me about my technique, what I was doing wrong and where I was doing better. Today was no exception - I washed him down, treating his body like some kind of priceless artefact, before he got behind me and soaked up my back. 

"Ouch," I whimpered, as his hands touched a spot on my shoulder. I felt him tense up. 

"What's wrong, Ronnie?" he asked, concerned, "Did that hurt?"

"Yeah... I mean just a little. I think I pulled a muscle today."

He put his hand back on the spot and I hissed in pain. He grunted in disapproval. 

"Yeah, that's a pulled muscle. We're gonna have to take care of that. Get out of the shower and lay on the bench, I'm gonna rub you down."

"No, coach, it's fine, I think it's gonna-"

"No talking back to your coach, boy!" his tone got strict, "I'm not gonna allow this to become something serious and hurt you in the future. Get out, dry up, place yourself on the bench, ass up and that was an order!"

I immediately nodded and did as I was told. Coach almost never raised his voice at me and usually only did it if I was going to do something stupid, like out way too much weight on the machine. I gotta say... when I heard him talking to me like that, it kinda spoke to me in a primal level. There was no saying 'no' to that tone.

All dried up and ready, I spread myself on the uncomfortable bench in the middle, my face right next to coach's bag, his used jock and his phone. He disappeared from the locker room and came back a couple of minutes later with a bottle of oil in his hand. 

"Face down, boy, and just relax," he instructed me with a calmed tone. The only soft thing in reach was his jockstrap, so I pulled that under my face to get comfortable and did as he said. 

Soon, I felt coach's strong thighs straddle my hips and him getting on top of me. He spread a generous amount of the oil in the bottle over his hands and then put his massive fingers on my shoulders.

I started moaning into his dirty, smelly jock as he started giving me one of the best messages of my life. His fingers were so strong and knew exactly how to reach the sore muscle. I let out a loud groan as he started working it expertly. 

"How is that?" he asked me, "Does that feel better?"

"So much better," I sighed, inhaling a big dose of sweat and precum from the cloth. 

"Good," he whispered and his tone got soft, "I'm sorry I raised my voice earlier."

"No, it's fine - really," I assured him. 

"I just really care about your health, Ronnie," his tone got surprisingly nice and caring, "If you got hurt, I'd consider it my responsibility."

"Coach, that's... really nice," I said, the intense feeling from the massage mixing with the kind words he was saying. 

"You're special, Ronnie. You're really fucking special to me."

I felt his hot breath on the back of my neck. I was relaxed and tense with anticipation at the same time. 

"I... that's so kind, coach," I said, my voice feeling soft and dreamy, "I've really been enjoying our workouts, you know."

"Oh, me too, Ronnie," he whispered as he rubbed my shoulder, his hot lips coming down to kiss the back of my neck, "You've got no idea."

His arms got possessive and strengthened their grip as they started intensely rubbing down my back... my hips...

"Coach..." I whimpered. 

I felt his throbbing shaft pressed against the left cheek of my ass, his tip eagerly pushing out precum and making my skin all sticky. 

"You know there's more than one way to get the protein inside your body, don't you boy," he huffed into my ear. I knew what he was saying. And I wanted it so bad. I wanted this powerful man, this idol of mine who took me under my wings to bury himself deep inside of me... I wanted him to be part of me, at least for a while, and I wanted to be held in his arms as he pumped all of his nutritious juice inside of me. 

It just felt so fucking right. 

"Go for it," I whispered. 

"You've never been fucked before, huh?" he said, his fingers probing around my hole. I let out a moan as his finger, still covered in oil, made it past my ring. 

"No..." I let out. 

"We're gonna have to be slow with you then," he said, his tone the same as the one he used when giving me instructions on how to work the weights, "At least in the beginning..."

He joined another finger and started spreading me. I let out a long, loud groan as I spread my legs wider and pushed my butt in the air to give him an even better access. 

"Tight, but pretty flexible," he commented, as he kissed my ears, "You need to relax a little bit more to let me in, Ronnie."

"You got it, coach," I nodded and tried as hard as possible to relax that area. It was fucking hard, considering I was turned on like hell. But I think I managed to do it right, as coach pushed his fingers knuckles deep inside me. 

"Good job, boy, really good," he said as he straightened up, his voice quivering from lust. He was looking forward to this as much as I did, "Get ready for a workout you won't soon forget."

He poured a very generous dose of oil onto my hole as well as on his throbbing dick. Then, he pressed it against my ass. I hissed as he pushed it in. 

"Eeeeeeeaaaaasyyyyy..." he whispered into my ear. I'm not gonna lie - it was painful at first. Painful as hell. But just like during our workouts, coach managed to guide me through it. He was whispering to my ear the whole time he was pushing his giant cock inside of me. 

"Deep breath boy... don't forget about your breathing, we've talked about this. Perfect, now I want you to push... that's right, push against me, don't be scared... theeeere you go."

Before I knew it, I felt coach's testicles bumping into mine. I gasped as I realized that he managed to penetrate me fully. His arms wrapped around me and pulled me onto his sweaty, musky body, hugged me tightly as I felt his cock warming me up from the inside. 

"This is where the real fun begins, boy," he grunted. Then, he turned from a man to a sweaty, muscled animal. He pushed me into the bench, still hugging me tight, as he started thrusting his huge rod deep into me. He hit my sweet spot and I started squirming, leaking tons of precum as Oscar's thrust pushed my cock against the hard bench. 

"That's it, Ronnie, hold on tight," he told me, his voice deep and rough, "We're in for a lot of sets in this exercise. 

His body pinned down my shaking self and starting taking away my virginity once and for all. A foggy, distant idea an old me resurfaced in my mind. I remember I entered this gym for the first time with the hope of getting jacked, finding a girl and losing my virginity to her. 

This felt better. So much better. I still wanted to get jacked, but only so I could take Oscar's cock even more effortlessly. He was the man I needed. He was my coach, my guide and my lover. These were all the thoughts rushing through my head as Oscar penetrated me, again and again, smearing his slick precum all inside of me as he claimed my ass, giving me the ultimate workout

Somehow, even over all the excitement and passion, my senses were still active enough to feel a buzz next to my head. Oscar's phone was right next to me and I could see the display right in front of my face, clearly. There was a newly received text message from Carlos. 

"dude so fuckin hot"

Oscar started ramming his dick so hard inside of me the whole bench started shaking. I started moaning hard with my hard dick trapped between my belly and the hard wood of the bench. My eyes were watching the string of messages coming from him. 

"that video made me so hard. he really is like you said he was man. so eager"

What followed was a picture. I could only see a small thumbnail on the phone, but it looked like Carlos's lap - he was wearing a tight jock with a sizable tent. I couldn't take a good look at it before another message came. 

"did u fuck him yet"

Oscar slowed down from pounding me for a minute as he picked up his phone. He took a look at the screen and then his finger cupped my chin and gestured me to look up. 

"Smile for Carlos, boy," he said as my eyes looked up, staring into the selfie cam. Oscar's whole body was in the picture, pinning me down, clear as day that he was fucking the hell out of me. He was wearing a confident smirk as I managed out to only go for a slightly awkward smile. I heard the camera click and the image of my virginity being taken was immortalized forever and sent to Carlos promptly. 

"Fuck..." I heard him grunt as his phone fell out of his hand and onto the surface of the bench. His body was shaking and his thrusts were getting harder. He pulled me closer to him and let out a loud moan. I knew what was coming and I clenched hard around his dick to suck out whatever he had in store for me. 

"HERE YOU GO, BOY!" he shouted as he started pumping his seed deep inside of me. His thrusts reaches his peak as he started feeding me his rich cum from my back end. Those thrusts made me lose it, and with my head spinning and my throat whimpering, I started splattering my own load against the cold bench that Oscar's thrusts made me fuck. We were both lost in our orgasm and testosterone was flowing. The moment was perfect. 

Oscar thrusted two or three more times to make sure he milked himself inside of me properly. "Fuck..." he whispered into my ear, "You've done so well boy. Let your ass absorb all that cum, it's good for you."

"I know, coach," I nodded, enjoying the feeling of his softening dick in my ass and his cum seeping into me. It made me feel like I belonged to Oscar. 

He slowly pulled out and his hand stroked my own, limp cock. 

"Now what did we say about wasting cum," he said to me playfully, "You better lap up your mess, Ronnie."

That counted as the fifth load of the day that I received. I pulled myself from the bench and knelt over it. My tongue started running over the hardwood, lapping up not only my cum but also the sweat of all the muscle studs who used this bench today as they were undressing from their gear. I could taste the sour aftertaste in my mouth as I licked the bench clean as my face made it to the end, where Oscar's phone lit up again. 
