 Part 19. That Time You And Your Boss Got It On In A Hotel Room And It WASN'T A Daydream: Jason's Perspective

The part of myself that had principles wanted to turn around and leave. I should have more self-respect than this. But, the part of me that had wanted him for more than seven years was in control. And that was the part of myself that ruled me when I said, "Okay. As long as you're sure you want to do this."

I knew I'd made the right decision when he smiled so wide he practically broke his face. "I don't know how much I'll be up for this time. But yeah. I'm sure."

"Why don't we start off with a blowjob? That'll ease you into things." I figured every guy likes a blowjob. Maybe it would be 'gateway drug' into other things. "If you like it and you're comfortable, we can see where things go from there."

He visibly sighed in relief. "Okay. That sounds perfect."

"I think it's best if maybe you sit on the end of the bed to start with." I didn't want to do anything that would make the experience awkward.

"You're the boss!" he said, smiling at me.

"Whoa! It's a little soon to jump straight into dom/sub roleplaying." I teased him. Maybe we can try that after you're sure you're into this." He laughed, a little nervously, I think. "Sorry. Just a little sexual humor to break the ice." He started to sit on the bed when I stopped him. "Wait. Before you sit down, will you indulge me and let me do something that I felt bad about doing last night when you were drunk."

"Uh...okay." John seemed ill-at-ease, as if he wasn't sure exactly what I was planning on doing.

I walked up to stand right in front of him and reached out with both hands to let them roam over his shirt-covered chest. A few months ago, John had told me that he'd started going to the gym to workout. He'd always been in pretty good shape, he told me, from playing sports when he was younger. But, I could feel the muscles of his chest and arms. This new thing of going to the gym was definitely serving John well. After a few minutes of exploring his chest (and feeling his hard nipples), I put my hand in the middle of his chest and nudged him, letting him know it was okay to sit down. He leaned back slightly, thrusting his crotch toward me. I could already see traces of a bulge in his jeans. It put a smile on my face to know that he was as ready for this as I was.

I knew I wanted to make this last. Instead of reaching up to unbutton and unzip him, I simply found which side of his crotch his dick was dressed to and began massaging the already growing bulge. All the while, he leaned back on his elbows, watching me manipulate him to full hardness before I even pulled it out of his pants.

After another five minutes of feeling him up, I could tell by the look in his eyes that John was fit to be tied. I know the look of a man who desperately needs a mouth on his cock. And truthfully, I'd waited more than seven years for this moment. I desperately needed my mouth on his cock, too. Looking up into his eyes, I reached up and unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans. His eyes were locked onto mine as I grabbed the waist and he bucked his hips upward to let me peel them down to pool at his ankles. Now, only his boxers kept me from finally seeing what I'd lusted after all this time.

Deciding to let the foreplay and build-up last just a little longer, in hopes of heightening the experience for him, I reached up to the tent his cock was making and began massaging it. I could already feel his boxers becoming damp. Hoping to tease him even more, I leaned down and began sucking him through the fabric. It was pretty obvious that he was already primed. After a couple minutes of that, I noticed him bucking softly against my face, letting me know he wanted to move on to the main event. I have to say, he wasn't the only one. This moment had been years in the making...and it was finally happening!

I reached up with both hands and hooked my fingers into the waistband of his boxers. Then, I looked up at John's face. The glassy look in his eyes and the lust-filled expression on his face told me he was as lost in the moment as I was. He nodded at me with a goofy grin on his face, then lifted his hips up so that I could pull down his shorts.

His cock and balls were everything I fantasized them to be. He looked to be a little more than 7 inches hard, his cock an angry shade of red and his full balls hung low. I reached up and gave him a few strokes before reaching down to palm his balls. These powerful balls that had been responsible for the creation of three kids. God, I was ready to taste the cream they'd make and have it spill down my throat into my stomach.

Taking one last look into John's eyes, I leaned forward and began swiping my tongue around the head of his cock. Finally having him in my mouth and being able to lick and suck on him was almost like a religious experience. I never thought it would happen. And frankly, I wasn't sure it would happen again, so I was bound and determined to make the best of this moment in time.

After a few minutes of slowly sucking on him (because I wasn't exactly sure how long he'd last), I leaned down and began paying attention to his balls, alternating between licking them and taking each one into my mouth to suck on, while I stroked his cock. His balls deserved some reverence. The life-giving cream churning away inside them was going to be in my belly soon enough and I wanted him to know how much respect I had for them...that it wasn't just all about his cock.

It wasn't long before I felt John's hand on the back of my head, guiding it upward. It made me happy to know he was ready for me to return my attention to his cock. Swiping my way up his ball sack, along the length of his shaft, and stopping to flick my tongue back and forth over that sensitive spot where the shaft meets the head, I enveloped the head of his cock with my mouth and began bobbing up and down on him with increasing speed.

At one point, I slowed things down enough, trying to edge him to make him last a little while longer, that I was able to look up and see his head thrown back...probably with his eyes closed and mouth hung open. Part of me started to wonder if he was doing the typical straight guy thing of trying to picture his wife or some other woman. That whole idea went completely out the window - and urged me on to draw the cum out of him - when he let out a soft moan and practically whispered, "Oh, Jason. Oh...! Damn, that's good."

That sealed it! I needed his cum in my stomach now! Speeding up, I bobbed up and down on him for all I was worth. And, just a few minutes later, I was rewarded with what tasted like the best cum I'd ever had. John had done the honorable thing and tried to warn me before he shot. He even tried to ease me off of him before it happened. But, I was having none of it. I needed to taste him. And taste him, I did!

He was laid out on the bed, trying to regain his breath in the aftermath of his climax while I crouched on the floor, wiping some of the excess of his cum off of my chin and licking it off of the back of my hand. Cautiously, I climbed up onto the bed and laid down, too. I didn't want to be presumptuous and try to cuddle with him. After all, straight guys - and even "straight" guys - tend to be more than a little skittish after the high of getting off passes. If that was gonna be the case with John, I wanted to figure out a way for us to talk through his awkward feelings. Me trying to cuddle with him and making him feel more uncomfortable wasn't going to make that easy to accomplish.

After a few moments of us laying there is silence, he spoke, his voice still ragged. "Wow! That's one of the best blowjobs I've ever gotten, Jason! I'd forgotten how good guys are at sucking dick."

What?!?! Mr. Arrow-straight John Roberts had gotten a blow job from a guy before? "You mean, I'm not the first guy to blow you?"

He chuckled a little. "No. A couple of my friends from college are gay. I used to let them do it when we were in school. It's been probably twenty years since I've had a guy suck me, though."

"I hope I lived up to your memories from back that."

He spoke softly as if we were in a crowded room and he wanted what he was saying to be our secret. "I'll deny I said it if they ever find out, but you were better than either of them."

"Better than your wife?" Maybe I shouldn't have mentioned her. But, I was curious. Women usually aren't good at sucking cock.

He laughed, good-naturedly. "Oh yeah. By a mile. She's horrible at it! I actually actively discourage her from blowing me when we have sex because she's such a clumsy mess when she tries to. Unfortunately, that means I've gone without a blow job for too many years to count!"

"Hey, I'm just glad you agreed to let me. It's what I've been wanting ever since I met you." Suddenly, my eyes widened and my body tensed-up. I may have just gone too far with my married boss. "Uh, John. I'm sorry. I didn't mean..."

Luckily, he immediately set my mind at ease when he interrupted me. "It's okay, Jason. I know. I hope I lived up to your fantasy."

I reached over at patted him on the shoulder. "No worries on that score. You passed with flying colors!"

I could see a smile break upon his face before I turned back to look at the ceiling. For the next five minutes or so, we lay in silence. I wasn't sure what was on his mind, but I knew I was enjoying the afterglow of our encounter and didn't want this moment to end. Out of the blue, he broke the silence. "So... I have a question for you."

I turned to look toward him. "Okay," I asked, expectantly.

"Did you mean everything you said about me to that concierge earlier?"

"What do you mean?" I stalled for time as I mentally tried to remember everything I'd said about him to Pete, hoping that I hadn't said anything rude or obnoxious about him.

"When I was looking for you earlier and I found you talking to that guy in the lobby, I walked up and heard you saying that I'm the most handsome man you've ever met and that I don't know what a great guy I am. Did you really mean that?"

"Oh crap!" I thought to myself. I hadn't wanted him to hear that. "John, I don't think you heard me correctly."

"Don't even try it!" he immediately came back at me. "I know what I heard. Now be honest with me. Did you mean it."

Yeah. I did. Everything you heard me say was the truth. But, before you start thinking that I've fallen in love with you, or something, you should know that I also told Pete that I have absolutely no desire to take you away from your family."

He smiled at me. "I know. I heard that part, too. It's just that...he looked at me before he prompted you to say those things, so I wasn't sure he you were being honest or if he had signaled to you that I was standing behind you."

Now, we were looking into each others eyes. "No. I meant every word I said. If you weren't married and you were into guys, I'd snap you up in a heartbeat!"

"Thanks, Jason. That means a lot. I don't get a lot of positive reinforcement at home."

What a crime! If he were my man, John would know how great he was every single day of the year. For a few moments, we lay there, looking at each other when John surprised me - and maybe himself, too - by leaning forward and planting a soft kiss on my lips. It surprised me so much that I didn't react at first. While I lay there, trying to process what had just happened, he leaned forward again and gave me a longer, soft kiss. This time, I knew enough to start kissing him back.

I was surprised to find that our kiss deepened and became more passionate and urgent. When I felt his tongue pushing against my lips, I opened my mouth and let him in. Something was happening here. My rational brain wanted to stop him and ask him if he was sure of what he was doing. But, my hard cock in my pants prevented me from doing that. Moments later, when he rolled on top of me and intensified our make out session, I figured he knew very well what he was doing. There was no way I was going to stop him now. I was gonna let this go wherever it was gonna go!

We kissed for a couple more minutes before he rose up so he was kneeling on the bed, straddling me. His cock was already steel hard again as he looked down at me with pure lust in his eyes. As he reached down to pull his shirt over his head, I reached out and began stroking him. This was SO about to happen!!

Part 20. "My Wife Doesn't Do It Like THIS" And Other Lines Of Dialogue Spoken In Gay Porn Movies: John's Perspective

I'd just done something that, only a few short hours ago, I would've thought inconceivable. I'd admitted to Jason that I'd been fantasizing about him and that I wanted to act on those fantasies. Of course, it took me practically eviscerating him earlier in his hotel room to get me to this point of pure honesty. He still hadn't said anything in response to me declaration that I was finally ready for him.

I knew he wanted me. He'd all but admitted as much earlier. It was how terribly I'd treated him earlier that was giving him pause. Even though we'd just made amends for that whole nasty affair, you can't just put the things I'd said completely out of your mind. I was asking a lot of him. And, I'm sure it wasn't lost on him just like it wasn't lost on me that our roles had completely reversed in just a short span of time. Now, I was the one standing in front of him, ready and willing. HE was the one who was holding out. I knew all about that. I'd spent a good portion of the last seven years holding out. It's not a fun place to be!

I could see by the look on his face that he was struggling. It had to be desire and contempt waging that war inside him. I'd just started to put one foot in front of the other to walk over to Jason and figure out a way to reassure him when he finally looked at me and smiled. "Okay. As long as you're sure you want to do this."

I tried to play it cool. But, it would be an understatement to say I was excited. "I don't know how much I'll be up for this time. But yeah. I'm sure." It's true. Most men are down to fuck any time, any place. But, it had been a long time since I'd fooled around with a guy. And fucking was one step I'd never taken. I just wanted him to know that either of us doing that wasn't necessarily going to be on the menu tonight.

He smiled at me again. "Why don't we start off with a blowjob? That'll ease you into things. If you like it and you're comfortable, we can see where things go from there." And just like that, things between us had shifted again. Jason was back in protector mode, trying to make me feel safe. I felt another pang of guilt for ever treating the guy like I had earlier today.

But, I was a horny man who was thisclose to getting what I've fantasized about. I wasn't about to let a little guilt - or anything else - get in my way again. I exhaled and grinned. "Okay. That sounds perfect."

Okay, now what? This was going actually going to happen. But, how did we start? With Laura, it was easy. There was romance. We'd start kissing and then the clothes would come off. This wasn't that, though. As if he was reading my mind, Jason gestured over to the bed. "I think it's best if maybe you sit on the end of the bed to start with."

Simply happy that we were finally going to start, I moved over to the bed, but did it with an uncontrollable grin on my face. "You're the boss!"

I know he meant it to lighten the mood, but it actually made me tense up a little bit when he replied, "Whoa! It's a little soon to jump straight into dom/sub roleplaying. Maybe we can try that after you're sure you're into this." He laughed and, when he noticed that I didn't join him in the spirit, he calmed down. "Sorry. Just a little sexual humor to break the ice." I smirked at him. I suppose I shouldn't be so uptight about all of this, but it was hard not to be. I was still feeling a whole bunch of conflicting emotions all at the same time. I started to sit down on the bed like Jason had suggested when he stopped me. "Wait. Before you sit down, will you indulge me and let me do something that I felt bad about doing last night when you were drunk?"

Even though I gave my assent by croaking out a not-very-convincing, "Uh...okay," I was a little nervous about what he had planned. Was he going to kiss me like he had in the elevator? Even though we'd kissed when I was plastered, I wasn't sure that I was quite ready for that now that I was stone cold sober.

I was relieved - and increasingly turned on - when he stood in front of me, looked me in my eyes, and began running his hands over my shirt, feeling the muscles of my chest, shoulders, and arms. There was something highly erotic about the whole thing. For a brief moment, thoughts of what this meant started to creep in. If I wanted to keep this going once we got back home, would it be hard to keep things casual? This wasn't just Jason going straight for my dick. He was looking deep into my eyes, touching and feeling my body...and obviously getting VERY into it. Did this mean that he'd want to go deep with me if we kept this going when we were back home?

Thankfully, all of those thoughts evaporated once his fingers found my nipples and he began to roll over them with his thumbs. Mine are very sensitive and, even through my shirt, his touch was driving me wild and going straight to my dick.

After a few more minutes, Jason nudged me downward into a seated position on the bed and I instinctively leaned back on my elbows. With my crotch naturally thrust forward, showing off a growing bulge, it was no surprise that one of his hands eventually found its way there and began massaging me through my jeans.

How long this went on, I can't say. But, I know it felt like forever! Jason was driving me out of my mind! Foreplay never went on this long with my wife. Then again, lately we'd been having sex so infrequently - with three young kids and all - that I really had no memory of exactly how long foreplay usually was. All I knew was that I felt like my dick was going to rip through my jeans. I think my - how do I put this politely? - "highly stimulated" predicament must have shown on my face because he finally had mercy on me and reached up to undo my pants.

The first thing I noticed once he got my pants around my ankles is the size of the tent in my boxers. A family of six could've camped underneath that sucker! I felt like I was harder than I'd ever been before...a sure sign that I was at least doing what I wanted to be doing, if not the RIGHT thing. I started to thrust my hips upward slightly, thinking that he was going to yank my boxers down too. I wanted to give him easy access. Jason surprised the hell out of me when he proceeded to lean forward and suck me through my underwear! I'd never had anybody do that to me. And fuck was it a hotter experience than I would've expected!

After a couple minutes of it, I involuntarily threw my head back and began bucking my hips slightly. If he didn't get these boxers off of me soon, they might be what ended up getting my load instead of his mouth! Me bucking my hips must've told Jason that it was time to unleash the beast because I felt him reach up and tug on the waistband. I raised my head back up, lifted up my hips, and let him set it free while he looked into my eyes.

It was a trip watching him direct his attention to my hard dick. First, appraising it and my balls and then reaching up to stroke me for a couple minutes. I don't quite know how to describe the look in his eyes. I wouldn't describe it as dick lust. I don't mean to make myself sound like some sort of prize or anything, but it was almost like looking at someone who was finally getting something they'd wanted really badly. I have to admit that it made me puff out my chest a little bit. It wasn't some random guy's dick that got Jason so worked up. It was mine. I'd be lying if I said it didn't make me feel proud.
