 Sitting on the boulder, waiting for the stranger to show up, Frost's emotions where a whirlwind. He knew he had done everything right. He had played by the rules completely, done everything asked without question, without complaint. Their relationship had been completely by computer for months, he had sent the pictures that had been asked for, he had done everything exactly right.

So why was he so incredibly nervous? Frost had been with other men before. He knew he could transfer to the physical with ease. The months of waiting had built up a trust between the two men, they knew that each would keep the other's secret, that the two of them would be safe from exposure.

In spite of his experience, Frost knew that it was the whole situation that made him nervous. He felt completely exposed, vulnerable to the stranger. The stranger knew his name, where he lived, where he worked, what he looked like, hell, he even had pictures of him fucking his wife. The stranger had complete control over every aspect of the relationship. He could expose him in a heartbeat, and Frost couldn't even accurately tell where the stranger lived.

It was that vulnerability that made it so exciting. All the work, all the trust built up, and it came down to tonight. The stranger called it an audition. He had to audition for the right for things to continue. Frost needed to prove he could sexually satisfy the stranger before the relationship went to the next step.

Hearing footsteps approaching, crunching softly on the gravel path, Frost resisted the urge to lift the flashlight. He knew the rules. He knew the punishment for breaking the rules. As frustrating as everything has been, it was exciting to play by these rules. He kept the flashlight shining on the ground at his feet, kept his eyes down, studying the pebbles between his shoes.

As soon as the beam from the flashlight hit his face Frost turned his flashlight off. He didn't move, didn't talk as the stranger walked up to him, to stop right in front of him, closer than polite culture allowed. Frost could feel his heart pounding in his chest.

"What are you doing out here?"

At first, Frost's mind froze up. He knew he was supposed to say something, but couldn't remember what. Then it clicked.

"Enjoying the night air."

"Are you?" the stranger asked softly.

"Yes, I'd like it a little frosty though." Frost couldn't help but grin as he said the cheesy words.

"Too bad, I think it will get hotter soon."

Knowing exactly what the stranger had meant, Frost felt his face flush. Audition time. He stood and turned around, and with his back to the stranger flicked on his flashlight to find the barely visible trail down to the secluded clearing the stranger had picked out. This was the second time each had been there, the first together.

The first for both was to pass off a present. One day, several months ago, Frost had received an email telling him where to go to find a little something the stranger had left him. Eager to discover what it was, Frost had gone the next day and had found this little area. Looking around he had found the rock that marked the spot it was buried and had dug it up using his hands. Inside a sealed ziplock bag was a dildo.

Sending an email back, Frost read the stranger's instructions as what he wanted done with the dildo. It had taken some time, first to find the alone time, then to get the rest worked out, but finally Frost was able to do as requested.

The stranger had been very specific. Frost read the instructions over and over, making sure that he would remember everything right.

First had been how he was to be dressed. That had been easy. Frost found the black silk stockings to feel strange at first, and truth be told, a little weird. He wasn't a cross-dresser by nature, but wanted to please the man he was building a rapport with. The matching garter belt was just as different to him.

He had freshly shaven his pubic hair, had even laid back in front of a mirror and carefully shaved the crack of his ass. Looking at himself in the mirror, Frost felt himself flush. He looked good dressed that way. 

Setting up the camera had been the difficult part. To get just the right angle, he finally had to set it on top of some books on the dresser. Finally set, Frost had gone to the bathroom and once finished sat down at the computer one last time. Re-reading what was wanted, Frost knew that it was nothing outrageous, but found himself thinking if it was worth it.

The stranger hadn't promised anything. He wanted control over him, but had never said anything would ever happen. He had in fact said that they would never meet. Frost had no idea why he wanted this so badly. He could easily find another man, one much more willing to be in his life physically. He could be getting pounded silly right now if he wanted, instead of filming himself using a sex toy on himself, to send to a man he still hadn't even seen.

Still unsure of why, but knowing that he did indeed enjoy the sense of being controlled, Frost stood up and walked back into his bedroom. Grabbing his lube, he used a large portion on his asshole, sliding several fingers up inside himself to make sure he was good and ready.

Turning on the camera, Frost started performing for the stranger. He lifted the dildo to his mouth and lovingly kissed and nibbled the length. In his mind it was no longer a toy, in his mind he was worshiping the stranger's cock. Sliding it into his mouth he tried to take it as deep as he could, getting nearly three quarters of its length in before being unable to do any more.

Wanting to impress his unknown friend, Frost worked the fake cock for several minutes, then finished, he lay back and lifted his legs. Smiling into the lens, Frost slowly started to slide the toy up inside his ass. His swollen cock twitched as the entire length went easily inside, stretching his asshole wonderfully. Knowing what the stranger wanted, Frost began to fuck himself.

Trying to keep his arm clear of what the camera was recording was distracting at first, though soon it became second nature to Frost as he worked his asshole with the toy. The pleasurable sensations were building inside him, he knew that before long he was going to cum. Working his arm faster, Frost could feel his orgasm starting to build and angled the dildo to hit just the right spot.

Just seconds before it hit, Frost remembered to lift his cock up straight, cum launching into the air to splatter his stomach as he screamed. As hard as it was, Frost fought through his orgasm to keep his legs spread wide and continued to fuck his asshole hard with the toy. Finally he began to come down from his ecstacy, and slowly, lovingly worked his ass a few more times before sliding the dildo from his ass, keeping his legs spread as he felt his asshole slowly begin to close. Once he was sure his asshole was no longer gaping and had completely shut, he lifted the dildo to his mouth and again sucked it, lovingly cleaning it with his mouth, wishing all the while it was the strangers flesh instead. 

Sure that the toy was clean, Frost then began to pick up his cum with his fingers, cleaning them with his mouth as well. The taste went well with the afterglow of his bliss. Again, he wished however that he was tasting the stranger's seed instead.

Finished cleaning up his cum, Frost began to rub his hands over his body, lost in his imaginations. He rubbed his softening erection, lifted his legs again and pulling apart his asscheeks slid first one, then two fingers inside himself. Not happy with that, he slid two more fingers from his other hand up inside his ass. Pulling slightly, he felt his asshole open up again. Lifting his head and looking squarely at the camera, Frost smiled.

"I want you. See what you are missing?"

* **

It had taken him some time to transfer the tape to the computer after that, even longer for Frost to get up the nerve to send it off. Something like that could ruin him. The stranger had him figuratively by the balls. If anything, Frost was even more under his control than ever. And strangely enough, that turned Frost on even more. It also made him feel more at peace with himself. He had always enjoyed being the submissive one with men, but this was a whole new level for him, and he found himself liking it.

When Frost saw the blanket he had spread out when he had first got here, he shut off his flashlight and put it down on the ground. Without waiting, knowing what was expected of him, he began to undress. His shirt went first, neatly folded and placed on the blanket, next his shoes and joggers. That left him naked except for the stocking and garter, the same ones he wore in the clip he had sent to the man standing behind him.

When the light behind him finally shut off, Frost had assumed the position he had been told to. Standing tall, legs spread slightly more than shoulder width, hands clasped behind his back, head down. As he stood in the dark, Frost could hear every sound. The wind that rustled the leaves, his own heavy breathing, the electronic beep that he knew was coming, signaling that right now the stranger was using night vision to record him standing submissively, waiting to be examined and eventually to be tested.

Frost shivered in anticipation, he could feel goose bumps on his body as the stranger lightly touched his back, tracing fingertips down his spine. The stranger's hand lightly caressed the skin of his back, hyper-sensitive due to his near blindness and the incredible excitement that he was finally going to be taken.

The stranger's hand went lower, cupping Frost's asscheek, giving it a rough squeeze before going a little lower, down the outside of his leg and then back up again inside. Frost felt his hard cock twitch as the stranger's fingers lightly brushed the bottom of his shaved balls. He felt the fingers run over his asshole and continue up the crack of his ass and up his back again.

The hand gave a few deep massages on his shoulder then ran up the side of his neck and into his hair. Eyes closed, concentrating deeply on the feel of the stranger's hand on his skin, Frost let out a groan of disappointment as the hand left his body.

Frost could hear the man walking around in front of him and fought to keep his eyes closed against the temptation. It would have been a futile gesture anyway. It was close to the new moon, and the light cloud cover made the night nearly pitch black.

Down the hand went, over his slightly hairy chest, down his stomach and into his closely cropped pubes. Frost felt himself blush as the hand stopped for a moment in his pubic hair. He had been told to shave his crotch completely, the only one of the instructions he had been unwilling to carry out. Something like that was difficult to explain to his wife.

Frost heard the stranger make a noise that he knew to be a grunt of disappointment as the hand slid lower to his hard, throbbing cock. Nearly cumming from the light caress, Frost fought the urge. He wanted to do everything else just right, he didn't want any more mistakes.

The hand left him then and Frost sensed almost more than heard the deep voice softly say 'down'. Going to his knees, Frost could barely make out the dark form in front of him. Reaching up, he was eager to do what was coming, he was nearly drooling at what he was about to do. He had waited for so long, and now was his chance.

Pulling down the strangers pants, Frost wanted to reach up and grab hold of the thick member, instead he clasped his hands behind his back and took it into his mouth. Trying to picture the cock from what he felt with his lips was nearly impossible. It was thick, it was hot and it was pulsing and dripping in excitement.

The taste of the stranger's precum on his tongue made Frost groan and want more. Slowly working the thick flesh in and out of his mouth, he began to see how much he could take. Not able to see, not allowed to touch, Frost had no idea how much he took and how much was left. He wanted to take every inch deep into his throat, to satisfy the stranger, to please him as he knew that the stranger's pleasure would lead to his own.

Disappointed as he gagged when he went too deep, Frost vowed that one day he would take it all. He would please the stranger, make him willing to continue the games, and one day he would prove his worth and take every inch of the beautiful cock in his throat.

Unable to take it all, Frost instead began to work the flesh, wanting to get the first part of his test done to prove his worth where he knew he had no problem. In and out, using every trick he knew, Frost tried to make the stranger cum as quick as possible. In minutes he succeeded. Feeling the cock start to swell he doubled his efforts, sucking hard and fast. The first blast was a surprise in spite of his awareness, and he gulped it without a thought. On and on the stranger came in his mouth, each twitch another splash of cum, each quickly swallowed.

Soon the warm flesh was finished, and Frost was slightly disappointed to feel it being pulled from his mouth. He looked up and could see the vague outline of the stranger standing over top of him.

'Next' came the same deep whisper.

Knowing what was expected of him, Frost stood and waited as the stranger lay down on the blanket. Once he was in place, Frost careful placed a foot on either side of his waist and squatted down slowly, trying in the dark to find the slick cock he knew that would be pointing up towards his pre-lubed asshole. He knew that he wasn't allowed to touch the cock at all and smiled to himself as the tip rested against his asshole his first try.

Slowly as to become used to the size, Frost lowered himself down the flesh until he felt the coarse hair against his balls. With his hands on his knees for balance, he began to use his ass to massage the stranger's cock. Up until just the swollen head was still inside him, then down to the bottom again. He could feel his own cock, fully erect and probably dripping in excitement, bounce slightly up and down with his movements. The burn in his legs started quickly, first little more than the burn in his asshole, then quickly overcoming it.

Though he hadn't been told to, Frost was fucking himself this way for a reason. He wanted more than anything to please the stranger, and showing off like this was hopefully one way of earning favor. Soon though he was forced to put one hand behind himself on the ground, then the other. Focusing on the thickness that spread him, Frost worked the cock slowly in and out, trying to aim for the spot he knew was inside him. 

His goal wasn't to make the stranger cum again, he had been told that would come after. His goal now was his own pleasure. To take the next step, to go from stranger and pet to Sir and toy, required him to take his own pleasure solely from being used. He would not be touched, he would not be allowed to touch himself the entire training until he was fully a slave, and finally allowed to call the stranger Master.

Frost had spent the last two weeks without sex with his wife preparing for this. He had masturbated to just before the point of ejaculation each day, twice a day for the last week, to be ready. He had to cum just from the cock in his ass. That was his test tonight. Pass it, and things would progress to the next level, failure and everything he wanted would disappear.

Frost concentrated intensely. He could almost feel every bump, every vein, every stray hair that was anywhere near his asshole. He knew he would cum, he knew the burning and stretching would set him off, could hardly wait until he felt the warm splatter of his semen on his bare skin. He was sweating with the effort, his cock straining, every time he ground down he could feel it whipping around, grinding that special place with the cock deep inside his ass.

Then it started. The feeling he knew would come. The slow build up to such a powerful explosion. Frost started to fuck the cock faster, angling perfectly to take his own pleasure from the invader. Seconds that seemed to be minutes passed as he got closer and closer to that point. Finally he reached it and let out a gasp he quickly cut off.

It seemed like his cock had exploded. Cum flew up his chest and onto his face. Two weeks of build up showered him, drenching himself in his seed. He could feel his asshole clenching the stranger's cock, spasming around it as the orgasm rocked his body. On and on it went, for what seemed like hours but he knew to be seconds. Frost knew he was holding his breath as he came, but was unable to breathe, shocked by the sheer power of the orgasm. 

Finally coming down from his ecstacy, Frost sucked in a deep breath and waited, the stranger's cock still deep inside his body. His senses seemed almost preternaturally sharp and he easily caught the next command.

'Knees'

Pulling himself off the cock was tough, Frost wanted to leave it inside himself for the rest of his days, but he knew what was coming and did so quickly. On his hands and knees he felt the stranger kneel behind him. Without any mercy he felt the cock slide quickly up his ass and bottom out, forcing a gasp from Frost. The stranger's balls slapped against his own and Frost knew he was completely inside him.

A strong hand grabbed his hair and pulled his head back slightly, the other hand of the stranger's grabbed a hold of his shoulder. Hard thrusts started then, the stranger working Frost's asshole for his own pleasure now. With his head pulled back, Frost had to arch his back, offering his asshole like a dog in heat. Over and over the stranger fucked himself into Frost hard, each time a slight gasp escaped from Frost's lips.

Then the stranger slowed his pace and pulled out. Frost was about to complain when he felt the length slam back inside roughly. The man let go of his hair and shoulder, and Frost leaned his head and chest on the ground with his arms stretched out in front of him. He grabbed the blanket and tried to time his backward thrusts to the stranger's hard forward ones.

Frost could feel his asshole gaping open with each withdrawal, staying wide the second or two it took before the stranger slammed back inside him. Frost was loving the feel of the abuse his asshole was getting, the feel of the strong hands on his asscheeks, the heavy balls slapping against his own. 

Amazingly, Frost found his arousal growing as the stranger fucked him. No longer pulling out and slamming him, the stranger was now just hard fucking him. The sound of their coupling was loud in the still night air. As Frost lay on the blanket, he could smell his cum strongly, which added to his experience.

A hard slap on his asscheek shocked Frost, as did the feel of his own newly hard cock slapping his body when he jumped slightly. The man was pumping him ferociously now, breathing hard as he attacked Frost's ass. Frost was climbing quickly to his orgasm again, and hoped that the stranger was as well. Just before he was going to burst in pleasure, the stranger growled and thrust deep, nearly picking Frost up off the ground.

Frost could feel the cock swell as time seemed to slow, could almost feel the cum as it traveled up the length of the cock deep inside him before bursting from the flesh to coat the inside of his tight asshole. Then time slammed back into focus and his own orgasm hit. He could feel his asshole tighten around the pounding cock as he came again, sucking and working the cock that continued to shoot deep inside him. 

When it finally ended, Frost wanted to collapse in a heap. He felt the stranger behind him, still deep inside his asshole run his hands over both of his asscheeks and up his back. The stranger pulled out and pushed back inside slowly, almost lovingly, enjoying the sensation of Frost's asshole around his member more than fulfilling a need. Frost still lay with his chest and face pressed into the blanket, enjoying the feel of the stranger inside him, feeling it in spite of the burn he felt in his ass, waiting for the final command to be given.
