 Warning: This and subsequent chapters deal with many explicit passages with topics you may find objectionable. Theses topics may or may not include: straight sex, extramarital relations, cuckoldry, interracial sex, bisexuality, homosexuality, FemDom, male domination, voyeurism, masturbation, etc. If these, or other similar topics offend you, it might be best to find another story more to your liking.  

Chapter 6

I looked over at Paul and he was still slowly working his cock. He had amazing control. Clearly taking his time and making things last. What took me off guard is the way he was staring at me.  He had his eyes locked on my cock as he stroked his long shaft. When he caught me looking at him he changed his pace a bit, spread his legs wider and presented himself to me. It was as if he was offering himself... Inviting me to come over... Inviting me to take his cock. 

"Looks like your wife is going to be busy for the rest of the night. You okay with that?"

"Yeah... I'm a little disappointed we can't watch anymore but I'm psyched for her. I want her to be happy and Peter seems to have her well taken care of."

"He definitely does" Paul replied. "But now I'm horny as hell. I need some relief. You probably do too...  I might just have to let you suck my cock tonight so we're not left out of the fun."

That was a shocker. Here was a gorgeous specimen of a man that could get just about any woman he wanted, stroking his long cock in front of me, and not only offering himself to me, but telling me he "might let me" suck him off. 

I hadn't considered anything even remotely like that... but after hearing the words come out of Paul's mouth... it had an almost electric effect on me. I was unbelievably charged up from the party, the booze, the pot, the amazing display that Debbie and Peter had just performed for us, and the fact that my wife was currently down the hall giving herself to another man.  I was on fire and I needed to do something about it, and here was this gorgeous specimen of a man with a cock that would make anyone's mouth water not only offering, but suggesting that I service him. 

I was on my feet before I knew what was happening, walking over and kneeling down in front of the recliner he was sitting in. "That's it Ted...  Come on over and get some of this big cock. Your wife is fucking another man tonight, you should be with someone too."

He spread his legs to let me in and I leaned into his lap and took that big beautiful cock in my hands. It was rock hard but smooth with silky soft skin. He was hairless like Peter and I massaged the smooth skin around the base of his cock as I opened my mouth and prepared to take him. The mushroom shaped head of his cock felt spongy and swollen as I got the first taste of its salty goodness. He moaned in satisfaction as I pulled him into my mouth. 

"That a boy. Suck that cock...  Just like your wife is doing to Peter right now."

Paul's words made me want to suck him harder and deeper. I wanted to make him feel good. To prove I could satisfy a man just like Debbie could. 

"Take it slow and work your way up to it. I want you to take all of me into your mouth. Nice and soft now...  That's it baby.  That's wonderful.  You're good at that."

He stopped talking for a few minutes while he enjoyed my work. I had about half his shaft and I loved how he felt in my mouth. The spongy feeling of his head. The rigid hardness of his shaft. I wanted to suck him deep into my mouth and make him cum. I wanted to provide some release for him. 

He grabbed both sides of my head softly now. And kept me down on his shaft while he worked his way inside of me. He was moaning his satisfaction letting me know he like it. 

After a few minutes of this he pulled me up to his face and kissed me. His tongue explored my mouth, tasting the flavors of his own cock and precum. He slowly wrapped his arms around me as we kissed deeper. Picking me up and carrying me over to the couch where Debbie and Peter had been. 

He broke our kiss, picking up his head and smiling as we both heard Debbie cry out in ecstasy from down the hall. Peter was making her cum again and based on Debbie's cry, this time he was making her cum with his cock. 

Paul smiled and leaned in for another kiss "I think your wife loves the way Peter is fucking her!"  His hands moved to my knees and he spread my legs open. I couldn't resist even if I had thought to. As he leaned in for another kiss we heard Debbie cry out again and I felt Paul's cock right up against me. I felt him start to push forward, slowly building the pressure against my ass. "You ready for it Ted?" Paul whispered into my ear. He made a final push and penetrated into me with his gorgeous black cock and I let out a long loud moan of relief. 

He felt wonderful inside me and I spread wider to make full entry easier. He was gentle and only went half way at first. Slowly working his way in... Then slowly pulling out... Slowly and a bit deeper in... Then slowly out again. He worked me with a steady slow cadence eventually moving all the way in, giving me his full length. I had never felt anything like it before. He had amazing control, moving with such discipline he kept me anticipating his full length. When he was fully inside of me he whispered into my ear how good I felt. "I knew you would love it" he moaned. He was right. I was loving it. I loved the feeling of his cock buried deep inside of me. I loved knowing he loved it too. And my loud moaning as he thrusted gave away all my secrets. "You feel so good" he moaned as he bottomed out, "You like having a cock this big inside of you?" 

"I love it..." I whispered back at him. "I love your cock in me."

"You do don't you baby?  You love having me inside... You love having a cock inside of you that's just as big as the cock that's inside of Debbie right now don't you?"

"Oh god yes. I love it!" I moaned. 

Paul started moving deeper and faster now. Picking up his pace as we were both nearing completion. I could no longer hear Debbie and Peter. All I could hear was Paul's heavy breathing and my moaning. We were perfectly synchronized as I opened wide to accept his deep thrusting and worked my hands over the smooth skin of his muscular chest. 

His breathing became paced now. And I could tell he was nearing climax. "Go deep into me Paul. I love your cock. I love feeling it slide into me."

Now Paul let out a few "oh gods" as his pace increased even faster. "I'm going to cum Ted... You feel so good, I'm going to cum!"

"Cum inside me Paul" I responded. "Go deep inside and cum in me!"  I wrapped my arms and legs around him as he thrust hard and deep and fast. He let out a final groan and made one last hard deep thrust and came. 

I held on tight as he continued to make small jerking thrusts. My ass clenched his cock firmly making sure I milked all of the cum from his cock deep inside of me. 

"That's it baby" I sad softly. "That's it. Such a good fuck...  So good."  I released my hold on him and went back to running my hands over his chest and looked into his eyes. We locked our eyes together and he leaned in for anther kiss. "God you felt so good" he said finally. "You know how to please a man. I haven't cum that hard in months."

"Glad you liked it.  I loved it too. You certainly know how to use that gorgeous cock of yours "

I was still caressing his body with my hands as he leaned in for another kiss. He was softening inside of me. He relaxed on top of me and we embraced in a final kiss as he pulled himself out. "So glad I stayed" he said as we both drifted off to sleep.

We were still lying side by side when Debbie and Peter finally emerged from our bedroom a few hours later. Debbie giggled when she saw us in the morning sunlight streaming into the living room, "I guess these two found something to do. I don't feel so bad now." 

I watched as Peter and Debbie embraced in a long deep kiss. "You're coming back tonight right? After you drop off Paul?"

"Of course baby. I'll be sleeping here for a while."

Debbie smiled at that, "You don't mind do you Ted? Peter wants to spend a few nights here. You can take the spare room."

I felt my cock start to rise back up again as I thought about Peter fucking my wife all week. The two of them were physically perfect together and I would get to be there to witness it a few more times. ...and I'd probably give Paul a call a few times as well. We can both play a bit.