 It was another balmy night in the Philippines and I just wanted to stay in my cottage and do nothing after a hectic day of work. Turning on the shower, I went into the bedroom and undressed completely. Completely naked now and walking back into the bathroom not worrying about what to change into after my shower, someone starts knocking on the door. Quickly grabbing a towel and tying it around my waist, I opened the door slightly when I saw that it was a group of Filipino workers sent to repair and service the air conditioners I was complaining about. 

Because they were eight of them standing there with parts and supplies and I not knowing if they would be back, I opened the door for them to come in. Closing the door behind me, I could tell it was going to be some time before they would be finished. As I walked by the bedroom door to turn off the shower, I could see my clothes still on the bedroom floor. Do I draw everybody’s attention to the fact I am naked under the towel or just go about my business until they leave? 

Thinking the latter, I went back into the living room. As one of the workers had an air conditioner half way out of the wall, I could see he was having trouble. Offering to hold the machine while he tightened this bolt and that bolt, I didn’t realize how heavy the machine was until he let go and I was holding it by myself. If I let go, the machine would fall. The other guys just seemed to be standing around where l was holding the air conditioner. The longer this went on, the more suspicious I got of these guys. Sometime during my holding the machine, it donned on me that here I was holding this air conditioner naked except a towel wrapped around my waist and these guys had to know it. 

I could feel the towel slowly loosening. Not knowing what to do, and knowing I couldn’t just drop the air conditioner, I continued to stand still. Even standing still, I could feel the towel continue to loosen around my waist. I slowly looked around the living room and the eight guys were pretty much focused in my direction. I tried to ignore the group of guys hoping they would go back to work. Feeling the towel loosening more, I knew it would only be a matter of time before the towel would fall off. My next thought even surprised me.

I wanted the towel to fall off! It would look like an accident. But in my mind, I wanted the towel to fall off leaving me completely naked in front of these eight Filipinos. Setting my plan into action, I made several quick moves as though I was adjusting to the weight of the air conditioner and as I had hoped, the towel loosened up completely and fell to the floor – exposing me completely naked in front of the guys. None of them made an effort to pick up the towel. Although I knew the guys were checking out my body, there was nothing I could do to stop them. 

After all, is this what I wanted to happen? In order to make it look like an accident, I asked one of them to pick up the towel for me. I would slowly turn my waist so my cock would sway from side to side and each time I would see their interest grow. Having trimmed my pubic hair only days before, I knew they could see everything pretty good. It was then that I came up with the idea of making a deal so good for them that they would go along with it not knowing I planned it. To them it appeared I had no choice. Offering to pose in my jockstrap for these guys later that night if they would allow me to get dressed now, there was no response. Seeing that this idea was going nowhere, I finally offered to let them come back later in the evening at which time I would pose naked for them. The guys finally took hold of the air conditioner and let me get dressed after I had agreed to let them come back later that night and take photos of me in the nude. 

At the agreed upon time later that night, all eight Filipinos arrived at my cottage. Having second thoughts, I told the guys I didn’t think I could go through with the arrangement. Seeing that I was trying to get out of the earlier promise, I was told if I didn’t pose for their cameras, they would make up stories about me and make it difficult to remain in my job. Knowing I had no choice now, I was being blackmailed into humiliating myself in front of eight strangers. Going into the bedroom and closing the door behind me, I couldn’t believe I was really going through with this. Trying not to think about what I was doing, I slowly undressed till I was totally naked. Opening the bedroom door, I walked into the living room where the guys were waiting for me. I felt like I was going to faint. I walked around till I was standing in the middle of living room and then turned around facing all the guys. Nobody said a word – it was an awkward moment for me. 

As I looked around, I could see their eyes traveling all over my body. The more I stood there, and the more these guys stared at my nude body, the more uncomfortable I got. They had me move around so they could take frontal pictures, side views, and standing with my back to them. They had me posing nude laying on my back with my knees bent and feet on the floor, they had me laying on my side, they had me laying on my stomach. Standing back up, one of the guys stripped down to just his thong. He stood next to me and had someone take pictures. Three more guys joined him beside me in just their thongs and lots of photos were being taken of us. 

Not trying to be obvious, my curiosity got the better of me and I snuck looks at the guys in their tight thongs. They were all in good shape mostly from all the manual labor. Their ages ranged in the twenties and thirties. From the bulge between each guy’s legs, I could tell they were well endowed. One of the guys taking pictures had the idea of me lying down at their feet. With the prompting of all of them, I laid down at their feet facing the camera as though they had just captured an animal. Flashes were going off from different angles. As one of the guys standing above me yelled out “how about one like this”, the guy quickly pulled off his thong and was now standing above me naked. As I looked up, I could see his cock hanging between his legs supported by huge testicles. Even soft, his cock was several inches longer than mine when hard. Within a few seconds, the other three pulled off their thongs and were now standing above me nude. Looking at each one, I felt my cock harden to its full 6 inches. They couldn’t help but notice my reaction to their nudity. As the four of them stood naked over me, I was instructed to get on my knees. As I did so, they moved around me so one was on each side of me and two were behind me. Many pictures were taken of this pose. 

During the photo shooting, I had the opportunity of sneaking peeks at the muscular guys at my sides. As I saw each guy’s cock hanging between his legs, my erection was stirring. Somewhere along the line, they had gotten me to put my arms around each of their waists and pulled them in tighter to me. In this position, their cocks were only inches from my face. I could see their cocks growing in length and thickness – the older guy’s cock had to be at least 11 inches long and 4 inches thick while the younger guy had to be 10 inches long, 5 inches thick, and wide knob. It was at this point that I didn’t know if there was any turning back from what must be on their minds. 

With them having their hardened cocks only inches from my mouth, I could imagine what was going through their minds. One of the guys standing behind me was now standing directly in front of me with his cock pointing at my mouth. I could see the guy move his hips toward me. It was at this moment that I felt the tip of his cock touch my lips and I knew then that I was about to suck my first cock. With his continued pushing the head of his cock on my lips, I opened my mouth allowing him to slide his thick eight inches into my mouth. I could feel the knob of his cock touch the back of my throat. He slowly pulled his cock out of my mouth until just the knob was in my lips and pushed his hips forward again so the knob of his cock was in the entrance of my throat. As the night wore on, I gave each of the eight guys repeated blowjobs swallowing their loads down my throat. One of them just put on his thong briefs and said he was going to spend the night.

After the other left and as I was about to put my clothes on, the guy staying with me told me to remain naked. As I walked around nude, the guy just sat on the couch watching me. Looking down once in a while, I could see his cock was starting to harden again. Now it was my turn to tease him. Each time I had the chance, I made sure he got a good look at anything he wanted. I passed in front of him on purpose to give him plenty of views. I even made it a point to bend over in front of him a few times so he could see my ass cheeks separating. As I was bent over in front of him, I knew his eyes were locked on my ass and my testicles hanging between my legs. Standing back up, I saw his thong he was wearing all of a sudden being tossed at my feet. He was now nude also.

As I turned to face him, I could see his huge brown cock sticking straight up from his crotch. His balls were now drawn up tight. As he instructed me to get on my knees, I took hold of his cock and started jacking him off until he started moaning. His cock was now twelve inches long and thick as a baseball bat. The knob of his cock had to be at least four inches round. Licking my lips, I placed my mouth over the head of his cock and slowly worked my lips over the smooth knob until I could swallow his thick shaft. Letting him fuck my mouth, his cock seemed to be getting thicker. Before he shooting his load, he had me stop and stand up and turn around so my ass was facing him. As he pulled me down on his lap, he took hold of his immense cock and aimed the head at my rectum. 

As I came down on his lap, the entrance to my ass came in contact with the head of his cock. Because his cock was wet with a mixture of my saliva and his pre-cum, the head of his cock finally popped into my rectum as I was forcing my hips down. I now wanted to take this guy’s huge pulsing cock in my ass. As I was pushing myself down on his lap, I could feel his thick shaft sliding in between my virgin ass muscles until I felt the head of his cock hit my stomach wall. I was completely full of his cock and still I was not sitting completely on his lap. 

Now lifting and going back down on his slick twelve inches, I gently rolled his testicles in my fingers hoping to get him to empty his load into my ass. It didn’t take long before I felt his warm juice spurting against the inside lining of my stomach. Now satisfied and completely drained, he insisted I clean him off with my tongue. Knowing I didn’t have a choice, I slowly stood up feeling his still throbbing cock sliding out of my ass followed by globs of his semen. As he got dressed, he told me he was bringing four of his black friends over next week so I could do them and that I would need a large supply of condoms. Pulling out his wallet, he threw five dollars at me for my services. After he left, I laid there naked on the carpet still with the taste of his cum on my lips and a warm burning sensation in my stomach. Rolling over, I fell asleep where he left me.

If response is favorable to this humiliating experience, another new experience is waiting on the shelf.