 Hey guys just thought id upload this story that has been floating around in my head. i'm warning everyone now that this is not like the stories i have uploaded before. it is harsh and the main theme is reluctance. im not sure what direction im going with this. so that being said get lost if this is not your type of thing :-)

A Story of Abuse: Phoenix



"Your nothing but a filthy whore" he whispers in my ear. 

He says it so often that I have started to believe it. Well that's not entirely true I believed it the moment he said it. I believed it the moment his hands crawled across my naked prone body. I know it's true because if it wasn't this wouldn't be happening to me. He wouldn't have chosen me. I knew it the first time that his hands touched me there on my 18th birthday. I know the place it's the place that as if on cue he touches and I shudder. It's like he can read my mind. 

I close my eyes like I always do. I try and shut everything out as those wicked hands touch me there, in the place I dread. It doesn't make a difference it never does. His hands are like a furnace, and they feel as though they are on fire as they cup me down there. Even with my eyes closed I'm aware of everything, in my mind's eye I see it all. My legs are spread wide, I know the contrast is startling, my pale hairless legs against his down covered red ones. I know he is gazing down at me as he oh so gently rubs my balls because I can feel his heated gaze concentrated on my flushed face.

He chuckles breathlessly as I start to get aroused, he starts grinding his own erect organ against my leg and I can feel the trail of precome on every downward stroke.

"You're such a whore, look how you get hard for me. You fight and cry but in the end your nothing more than a fucking bitch in heat" he says as he leans down and kisses my temple.

"Don't worry pet I've got just what you need, what your body craves. I'll make you scream." he promises.

Hot tears escape from behind my clenched lids to disappear into my hairline and the only thing I can think. The only thing I can hope and pray for is that he'll be gentle this time. The cuts on my back and bruising on inner thighs from our previous session have barely healed and I know that I can't take any more pain. He licks my neck then sucks the skin into his mouth to mark me. The stubble on his chin and cheeks rubs against my face and neck causing my skin to erupt in goose bumps.

He tweaks my nipples and my body betrays me and arches into the touch. I whimper in anger and frustration at my own weakness. I feel him slide down my body his mouth ghosts across the column of my neck and settles at my chest. He takes my nipple and flicks his tongue with it. He rolls it across his tongue until it pebbles and I begin to squirm at the sinful sensations. My eyes snap open and I stare up at the ceiling trying desperately to get lost in the patterns above the bed. He continues his decent downwards and settles at the junction where thigh and hip bone meet. He tongues the sensitive flesh there with his warm saliva and I shift again. I feel more hot tears slip from my unseeing eyes. I can feel the panic bubbling up in my chest threatening to choke the life from me.

The feeling of sheer and utter helplessness ratchets up a notch as I feel his warm breath against my dick. I smother a sob as his warm, wet mouth closes over the head of my dick. I want to scream as he starts taking me down his throat and I can feel myself starting to get hard. He goes down on me fast taking me deep into his throat over and over. He swirls his tongue across the sensitive head of my cock forcing the tip of his tongue into my slit.

I hate that it feels so good. I hate knowing that if I don't bite my lip i'll start moaning. I feel sick knowing that the only thing stopping me from bucking my hips up into his mouth is his muscular arms pinning me to the mattress. God I want to die. I just want it all to stop. Why won't it stop? Why won't he stop?

I feel the pressure at the base of my spine, that familiar tingle. That oh so familiar sensation. I'm going to come. The panic consumes me like always. I don't want this! I don't want this, my mind screams. My eyes move frantically in my head as I try to dislodge his oppressive weight.

"P...Please don't" I stammer blinded and choked by my won tears and wayward emotions. 

"Stop!" I whine. 

He doesn't. He never does. After slicking up one of his fingers with his spit he shoves it inside me and renews his efforts. The intense pain does nothing to stop what has already been set in motion. He finds my prostate and ruthlessly massages it as he sucks my cock. 

My eyes rolls into the back of my head and my back arches off the bed as the come rushes from my heavy laden balls and unloads into his mouth. I feel him swallow and his throat caresses the tip of my cock.

I fall back against the sheets, I'm sweaty and I tremble as sobs wrack my body. He leans over me and stares into my eyes and I can only whimper in defeat and resignation as the look in his eyes confirms what I know to be true. He isn't finished with me yet.