 Hello hello! Long time no speak, or read lol. Here is the second chapter to Phoenix it's a continuation of where we last left off. Some things to let you know vie been m.i.a as you all know cos thing haven't been going right for me since I left England and came to the U.S. I never thought I could be so lonely in a city as big and vibrant as NYC! But anyhow I am looking to change that don't know how or when but I will. Anyway story is dark and has bdsm if you don't like it too bad :)

ALL CHARACTERS ARE OVER 18



He leans down and touches his lips to mine in a gesture so sweet, so soft it makes my lips tremble as the tears begin again. I can feel his hard cock, like a fiery steel bar as it sears my own flaccid member. His eyes are cold and determined as they stare down at me, dead eyes, cold and dead. I shiver.

'Open your mouth' he murmurs against my mouth.

I turn my face away from him and ignore his voice. I close my eyes tight and wish myself far away, who knows maybe this time it will work. His hand caresses my cheek once and then settles between my thighs to squeeze ruthlessly at my balls. I gasp at the sudden all consuming pain.

'Look at me and open your mouth baby'

His words are laced in steel, I turn my head back towards him and comply if only to stop the pain. He sticks his tongue in my mouth swirling it around my limp tongue. He traces my gums and cheek only stopping when I am out of breath and panting.

'See that wasn't so hard now was it?' 

He looks at me expectantly, does he really expect me to answer! A slight tightening of his fingers answers my silent question.

'No, it wasn't I whimper

He flashes me a smile and winks at me. God I want to be sick! Without ever breaking eye contact, he inches up my body until I'm faced with his swollen prick. The blood has engorged his shaft so much so the veins have become prominent. I can see them pulsing from the blood that rushes through them. The tip is wet with pre-cum, he uses his dick to paint my lips with it. 

I know what he wants even before he tells me to 'suck it'. I consider rebelling, what would happen if I were to separate the man from his tool? All it would take is one hard bite and then I'd be free, he could never hurt me again. One glance at his face and I lose all nerve; his nostrils are flared, pupils dilated, mouth set into a hard line as he looks at me. It chills me to see his lust, he looks so fierce so horrifyingly frightening. I have no choice but to obey.

His cock stretches my mouth wide, bruising my lips as it bullies its way inside. Above me he groans and begins a fast brutal rhythm, that has his balls slapping against my chin and me gagging on his cock. He clutches my hair in his fists as he slams his cock down my throat, holding it there, cutting off my air. 

My throat spasms and my eyes water, as I try to no avail to move away from his crotch. He grinds himself against my face groaning wildly. I thrash about on the bed trying to dislodge his weight so I can breathe. My heart beats rapidly in my chest and my vision grays. Just when I think I'm going to pass out he pulls his cock from my mouth, I gasp air into my starved lungs so fast I start choking, the tears are running freely down my face. His cock is shiny with my saliva, it glistens crudely in the light.

'That's enough of that baby, I've got something special planned for you. I'm going to fuck your tight little ass so hard" he moans. 

With that he moves back down my body splaying my thighs across his lap. I clench my hands tight in the handcuffs, as I feel him run his cock head across my fluttering hole. I want to scream because he plans on taking me without a condom. As if he hasn't tainted me enough! He soon gets fed up with his games and pushes aggressively inside me. The head pops inside me and white hot pain races up my spine to settle in behind my eyes.

He continues his assault completely demolishing my futile attempts to deny him entrance. He gives me no reprieve he just starts thrusting inside me. His thrusts are strong and powerful, so much so they force the air from my chest, my arms strain against my bonds as I struggle against the brutal copulation. He grips my hips so hard I know there will be ten finger shaped bruises in the morning.

He growls long and low in his throat as he rides me hard, sweat from his chest drips onto my stomach when he leans over me to grab my hair. He forces me to watch him as he takes me, forcing me to acknowledge what he does to me. His breath pants across my face and his lips close over mine as he starts to come. His body stiffens above me and then his cock shoots it's come deep inside me, there is so much I can feel running back out of me. 

He collapses onto me absently kissing my temple, my neck any where he can reach.

As he rises off me he asks me "You okay baby?'

I can't speak, my throat closes up and I start to cry, he quickly releases me and cradles me to his chest. He doesn't speak, not real words anyway, he just murmurs nonsense to me knowing I need it as I come down from my intense high.

Then I hear him tell me "It'll be okay baby, I won't let him hurt you. Not any more, you hear me? 

'He'll never touch you again not while I'm here.'

His lies are so sweet and sincere I almost believe him.