 It was, in all likelihood, the most important thing he will do in service to his city, his family name and for his honor.

He'd been a hunter since he was a small child. The very first kill still fresh in his mind even after all these years. He'd taken down a bird in mid-flight with a sling and a stone. Though it was only a small bird, his father had shown him how to clean it and cooked it over an open fire in the woods and young Hygromeryx had eaten it with relish and pride.

It was from this very point his fate had been cast and his future set. He was destined to be a hunter. At first of beasts to support and feed his family, then of men to support and defend the honor and glory of the great city of Mycenae. 

The skills he acquired at his fathers knee served him well. Using the sling and the knife and the spear and bow. Graduating to larger game and learning the handling of both the shield and the sword. So when he was chosen for military service they were much impressed with his facility with weapons and it didn't take long before he was helping to train some of the younger recruits. Even some of the seasoned veterans would grudgingly admit they learned a thing or two from some of his innovative techniques. He advanced rapidly in status and rank.

Now, after ten years of service to the city, Hygromeryx was on a completely different kind of hunt altogether. Though he was still hunting a man, the intent this time wasn't to kill.

This time he intended to save a life.

Possibly even his own.

One

Traditions.

Passed from father to son, king to subjects, priests to acolytes. Spoken by mouth, carved in stone, represented by statues and idols and every manner of thing.

Traditions ruled their lives. From the individual fruit seller in the market to even the king himself and every single person in Mycenae and all of the Greek empire.

As a soldier on this particular hunt, Hygromeryx was well aware of the traditions which governed his actions. Or the ones which were supposed to, anyway. Many of the top military men in Mycenae had found young recruits in this manner, which was rumored to have been brought up from Crete ages ago. The older man would select a younger male who was of age to begin training and treat the whole thing as a seduction. The more experienced would pose as philetor or "lover" and enlist the friends of the young man he fancied into helping him "kidnap" the object of his affections. As a group, they would retire into the mountains for two months of hunting and feasting. After which many expensive gifts would be heaped on the young man and his family.

Only after much waiting and playacting and expense would the youth's training begin.

As newly appointed Lochargos or "Captain" of his unit, he had neither the time nor the necessary wealth for this type of game. There were new soldiers to train, supplies to be ordered, gear and equipment to be maintained and a thousand other things which his new duties demanded of his time.

And frankly, as much as he would enjoy spending two months hunting deer and wild boar, after ten years of hunting and killing the enemies of his city killing animals would seem all too easy and he was afraid it would make him soft. His life wasn't all battle and killing. Most of it was spent training and preparing. But until the day came when he died in battle or lived long enough to retire, Hygromeryx was determined to be the best soldier he could possibly be and keep himself honed razor sharp.

He had been looking, nonetheless. Dozens of young men approaching military age had been looked over and rejected for one reason or another. Many of them for the simple fact their families were wealthy and they would demand many sumptuous gifts before surrendering their son and heir to him. In their haughty and elitist minds, their sons were only fit for someone of the rank of Polemarch or Strategos, not a mere Captain.

Too many young men were being raised as pompous and arrogant and spoiled and, in his opinion, the city was suffering for it.

So while he was still actively looking, it was taking second place to his duties to the city.

Besides, there were two ways to hunt. The active skirmish where you faced the enemy, overpowered him and triumphed. And the ambush where you waited, silently and patiently for your prey to walk into reach.

Both methods were viable and he was patient enough to see if one or the other would bear fruit.

Then the day arrived.

Two

It had already been a long and tiring day. Though the city of Argos was but a few hours away, the trip and the inspection of the garrison there had been fraught with trivial problems, all requiring his attention. The local commander was a jackass who seemed intent on blocking his visit as an affront on his local hegemony of power and Hygromeryx had been forced to pull rank and threaten to have the man killed before he could finish his inspection.

Before half the day had passed he had sent a courier scurrying back to Mycenae with a message for the Polemarch to have the man removed and possibly imprisoned for incompetence.

He was really looking forward to a good meal and a long soak in the baths before retiring to bed. Sometimes he wished he had refused the promotion and stayed a simple soldier. Following orders was so much simpler than making them. The sigh seemed to fall from his lips and drop straight to the stone floor of the room.

There was nothing he need to take with him. Everything in this room would be here the following day. Hygromeryx rubbed his temples. Maybe he needed to rethink this whole "citizen-farmer" thing after all...

"Captain?" He sighed again. What now?

"Yes, Aesciphus?"

"Someone to see you, Sir."

"Very well, send them in."

A young man entered the room. The Captain gave him a glance. Young. His chiton was plain cloth but fairly clean. Sandals well worn but serviceable. No marks or blood and he didn't seem to be agitated. Obviously not royalty or aristocracy and it didn't seem to be an emergency.

"Young man, are you or anyone else in immediate danger?" The question seemed to startle him.

"N-no, Sir."

"Will it matter if you speak to me now or an hour from now?"

"No, Sir."

"Good. Carry this and follow me." He snatched his cloak from the bench and thrust it into the youth's arms and strode from the room. Caught up in the sudden move, the young man had to scramble to keep up with the Captain's longer stride.

The hot water of the public baths did much to ease the pounding in his head. As a soldier long accustomed to the field, he used his time efficiently. He washed himself quickly and only then laid back to allowed himself to relax. Once the necessary was complete he allowed himself time to size up his companion.

The lad was young. Perhaps late teens. Just a hint of a burgeoning beard sprouting on his cheeks, but it wasn't always a good measure of age. He was lithe and well formed, but perhaps a bit malnourished and skinny. So obviously not from a wealthy family. Callouses on his hands and feet. Able to work and spent time laboring at something. A slight scent of hay and manure told the tale of working on a farm. No scars or visible bruises. He was small, though. Perhaps a head shorter than himself.

One thing he would have to give a nod to. The young man knew when to keep quiet. He hadn't spoken a word since leaving the office, merely trailing two steps behind like a household servant.

Hmmm...

"Are you a free man, son?"

"Yes, Sire."

"I am not the King, boy. Merely a Captain. Sir will do."

"Umm... yes, Sir."

"What is your name?"

"Alexander, Sir." Hygromeryx smiled softly and closed his eyes.

"A fine name indeed. "Protector of men." A name to be proud of. So tell me Alexander of Argos, what is your pressing need?"

"I wish to be a soldier, Sir." He wasn't overly surprised. Despite the risks involved there were many things available to the army which weren't allowed the average citizen.

"Have you spoken to the..." He trailed off, remembering who the local commander was.

"Y-yes, Sir. Three times."

"And...?"

"He rejected my petitions. Told me I was too small and too poor. The last time he laughed and called m-me a..."

"A what?" A sad sigh came from his lips.

"A... Ganymede, Sir." Glancing through slitted eyes, the Captain could see him blushing and turning his face away. He snorted dismissively.

"The man is a pig and a fool, lad. Don't take his words into your heart. I think you will make a fine soldier. What about your family, son? Won't they miss having you around to help out in the fields?" The sudden change of subject appeared to take his mind off the slight.

"My parents are dead, Sir. Killed in a fire in Alea. I traveled here for a new beginning and to become a soldier like my father and his father before him. The work at the farm is room and board only. The farmer only has one son and is grateful for the help but can ill afford to pay for it."

The ability to make snap decisions on the battlefield based on sound judgment was one of the reasons for his rapid climb up the military ladder. Thinking too quickly or too slowly could cost lives either way. Trained soldiers were not a thing you threw away. They were too difficult to replace.

It was a slight gamble, but nothing to devote too much thought to.

"How old are you, boy?"

"Eighteen, Sir."

"I will give you a month, lad. Show me how bad you want this. After we eat, you will go gather your things and bring them to my quarters."

"Yes, Sir! Thank you, Sir!"

Three

In a word, the boy looked... ridiculous.

The bronze helm was too long for his size and, even if his neck was able to support it, the front edge drug against the breastplate and he could barely move. The lad couldn't hold the 35 pound hoplon shield in the ready position and manage the weight of the spear at the same time. The bottom of the greaves protecting his shins rested painfully against the tops of his feet and stuck out above his knees, making him look like some sort of weird insect.

"I'll... grow into them, Sir." His voice sounded confident as it echoed hollowly inside the cavernous helmet.

Though young Alexander was strong and used to working hard, it was pretty obvious he was too small in stature to be a front line hoplite soldier. He was trying, but Hygromeryx could see his whole body was trembling with the effort of supporting the seventy-plus pounds of armor and weapons. Something the Captain bore without even thinking after all this time.

No. If this was to work, concessions must be made. Besides, he had other plans.

He took the spear and shield away before the lad dropped them and set them against the wall, then lifted the helm from his head. The lads hair was mussed and sweaty from the stifling confines of the bronze helm and the strain of keeping it upright. Despite his intentions to impress the Captain, he breathed in a sigh of relief as the weight was removed. Not only had it been heavy and incredibly hot, it had also made Alexander slightly claustrophobic trying to look through the little slits in front. It had been difficult not to panic. The Captain patted his damp hair.

"Don't worry about it, lad. We will find a way."

They had spent the best part of a week together in the garrison quarters in Argos while Hygromeryx dealt with the mess. He hadn't had much time for the boy until they returned once again to Mycenae. Though it had been largely unintentional the lad had been relegated to a cross between personal attendant and household slave. Always two steps behind, awaiting and trying to anticipate what was needed.

When he was hungry, Alexander brought him food.

When his cup was empty, he was there to refill it.

Whenever he needed something, he was there to put it into his hands.

At the end of each day when the Captain was tired and stressed, those strong little hands were there rubbing his shoulders and neck. Speaking softly and mostly listening, allowing Hygromeryx to work out his problems and frustrations.

And as night fell the boy crawled naked under the himation cloak they used as a blanket and pressed his back into the Captain's body, cuddling into him. One strong arm went across his chest and he fell asleep each night with the bigger man's breath against the top of his head.

It had been innocent enough. They slept together in the same bed for warmth and for comfort. Just the feel of another warm body there helped them both ease their minds and drift off into slumber so much more quickly.

At first, anyway.

"No. Again. You must follow my moves, Alexander." The strong arm holding the two foot long xiphos sword came up, out and across in a move designed to slash an enemy's throat. Hygromeryx had placed his own shield against the wall to keep his left hand free and he gripped one edge of the lighter wicker shield Alexander was holding and pulled it into his shoulder.

"Turn your back into mine, boy. More. There. The shield goes here when I attack. Your spear must be ready... there." He pointed. "Come up under his ribs if I miss or even if I do not. In and out."

"Good. Now, again."

They had been out in the small courtyard for hours. The Captain had decided to use this rather than the larger gymnasium to avoid any distractions and the possibility of injuring a bystander with their weapons. Both were covered in sweat and the younger man was obviously reaching the end of his endurance. His arms and legs were trembling with exhaustion.

It was difficult... pushing him this hard. But the day would come when he would need to rely on Alexander in combat and both of their lives would be on the line.

To a soldier there was no more satisfying sound than that of a sword returning to it's sheath. The sound meant combat was over and, at least for now, their lives had been spared. The return of the comforting weight on his hip meant the day was won and done.

For Alexander, since he had yet to experience a battle, it meant training for the day was through. He fought the urge to drop to his knees and leaned on the haft of his spear instead, blinking the running sweat out of his eyes. A large strong hand landed on his shoulder and squeezed.

"My shield is on my left, Alexander. You and my sword are on my right. When I attack, I am vulnerable there. I must count on you to be my right hand. My shield and protector. We will be a phalanx of two, you and I. And we will win the day."

"Yes, didaskolos." 

Teacher.

Sometimes he used "my didaskolos" which was closer to "Master." Hygromeryx found it a little better than the times he used "my kurios" which was closer to "Lord" or "Owner" than just plain "Sir."

It bothered him some the boy acted more like a servant than a soldier. He meant to train him to be both a partner and aide in the field. Someone to both guard his side and also be an extra set of eyes in an ever-changing battlefield.

Perhaps, with time, it would come. He vowed to keep at him until he became a soldier.

They retired to the baths then crossed the large gymnasium building to where the club and meeting rooms lay. One large room was always kept for their garrison to gather and eat together at the end of the day and Hygromeryx knew many of his men would be there. He thought it would be good for his young companion to be exposed more to the company and camaraderie of fellow soldiers.

And... hopefully another good influence would be on hand also.

"Well, well... Captain Hygromeryx..." A set of half closed eyes and a sly smile adorned the face which greeted them in the passageway. The gaze swept Alexander up and down. "And his eromenos, it seems. How wonderful." The Captain gave him a curt nod.

"Prokoreter Arsenios. Always nice to see you again." He made it unspokenly clear he was not in the mood to introduce the boy. Alexander noticed his Captain's demeanor right away and lowered his eyes, trying his best to be unobtrusive. He did also notice, down to one side and behind, the Captain's right hand curling into a fist.

The deputy Governor's smile never wavered, even when facing such a dangerous man. He continued to smirk through half-lidded eyes as he shook his head.

"Really, Captain... you should learn to relax. Take some time off. There are so many... beautiful things in this world, you know..." His gaze flickered to Alexander. "Things you can ill afford to miss." He raised a hand and waved with his fingers. "I'm sure I'll be seeing you later. You two have fun now..." The smirk never left his lips as he wandered off down the hall.

"Captain, who was that?"

"A very dangerous man, Alexander. The deputy for this sector. Little more than a pig and a pimp, really. He thinks more with his mentula than his head and the only real reason he has influence is because he supplies certain... entertainments... to some of the people in power. He has the ear of the Governor and the Strategos and to some extent, the King himself." He turned and looked at his young companion and put a hand on his shoulder. The other hand came up under his chin and tipped the lad's face up to look into his eyes.

"You are a bit... older... than he prefers, lad. But I saw the way he looked at you. Promise me, Alexander. Promise me you will never let yourself be alone with that man. Not ever." He felt a chill run down his insides at the Captain's tone.

"Y-yes, my Captain. I swear it. To you." The hand which held his chin patted him in the cheek fondly.

"Good boy." Without really thinking, Hygromeryx leaned in and kissed him on the lips. The thought of that arxidi putting his hands on the boy shook him and he realized how fond he was becoming of having him around. Alexander seemed startled at first by the kiss but only a second or two later let out a small exhalation and opened his lips. It went on longer than either man had imagined it would.

Finally, the bigger man pushed him gently back and took his hand to pull him towards the entrance to the club room. "Come, Alexander. I think we are both in need of some distraction."

Counterpoint to the loud voices and laughter of the men, the soft notes of a diaulos and a lyre could be heard. There was only one set of sweet lips which could bring forth such sounds from the double flute. And one set of very talented fingers plucking those strings.

They were here.

"The girls, Captain." One of the men lay back against the cushions with a bowl of olives perched on his belly. "They have been asking for you." He waved a hand. "And your new young friend." Hygromeryx smiled.

"It is good to keep them waiting, Porthios. Keeps their fires burning bright. Besides, I fear once they get a good look at young Alexander here, we may lose a good soldier to the temptations of the flesh. Like Iason, he may set sail and be lost for ages." A roar of laughter raced about the room as the older man led Alexander through a curtain into an alcove.

"Oh! Our Captain returns!" Two voices spoke in unison. The women could not have looked more different, yet their time together had made them speak and act the same, often speaking together and finishing each others sentences. Polymnia was a Celt, with fiery red hair in long curls down her back, flashing green eyes, pale skin and so many freckles it was difficult to tell what color she really was. Talitha was a Cretan from Knossos with coal black straight hair and eyes so dark brown as to seem black.

Both women had been taken as slaves when they were children and raised together as sisters. When they came of age they became hetaerae and had purchased their freedom to ply their trade as they wished. The soldiers of the Ninth Regiment were some of their best and most reliable customers. The Captain had spent many a long and enjoyable evening in their presence.

"And he's brought us a new toy!" The redhead purred. Talitha licked her lips and growled.
