 My name is Johnson.

I recently posted an ad on craigslist ISO a first time experience with another man. Because I'm not in a social situation that allows me to go out and meet other men I proposed that we first exchange fantasies via email and see where it takes us.

I quickly received a response from Peter. He was in a similar situation and like me he was curious and interested in exploring another side of his sexuality.

"So tell me your fantasy" he wrote.

I immediately responded...

 **So initially, after we have become comfortable as online friends, we'd arrange to meet in person at a private location. When I arrive you wave me in and I close the door behind me. I walk up to you and shake your hand firmly and then use our grip on each other to lower myself to my knees. 

I release your hand and turn my attention immediately to liberating your cock from its confines. 

I unbuckle your belt, unbutton and unzip your pants. I stop and massage your groin before reaching up and lowering your pants to your ankles. I move closer and study the outline of your cock straining against the thin fabric of your final layer of protection...I lean and kiss the head of your cock through the fabric.

I run my fingers inside of your waistband and slowly turn you around studying and appreciating the shape of your body and smooth ass. I begin to slowly remove your shorts with your ass just inches from my face. One of my hands grasps your manhood as the other pulls down from the crack of your ass until your shorts are piled around your ankles atop your trousers. I lean forward and begin kissing you slowly from the crack of your ass to your ass cheeks, biting gently as I turn you back around until your cock meets up with my lips.

By now your cockhead is high and hard with just a hint of your first precum starting to appear. Yum!

I now take my hand and grip the base of your cock firmly. I slowly milk your cock until a sizable droplet forms on the tip...and that's when I lean in and engulf your throbbing purple pillar of manhood in my waiting mouth! I suckle and probe your pee hole tasting your first juices.

I spend the next few minutes sucking and licking and stroking you as I explore your cock and its responses to my stimulation. I then move down and take each of your balls in my mouth, one at a time and roll them around with my tongue. Still stroking your long shaft with my hand. I lick behind your balls and tease your ass with the tip of my tongue and fingernails. 

Then I move back to the object of my desire and engulf the head with my mouth again. I suck and swirl. I take it deeper and deeper until my nose is grinding your pubic bone. Sucking and slurping on your cock taking it all in, all the while grasping and tugging at your balls.

At just the right moment I ease my finger into your anal rosebud and making gentle circular movements I find your prostate.

You begin to tense up as I suck and swirled and massage...your breathing ceases and soon you blow your load into my throat and mouth! Spurt after spurt after spurt hitting the back of my throat and filling my mouth with your hot liquid. I love being fed your seed. Keep cumming for me baby, fill me with your sweet man nectar!!

I keep you in my mouth until you begin to soften.

Then I grip your hips with both hands and pull myself back to my feet.

I look you in the eye and say " nice to meet you!"

Then we could just see how it goes from there... **

 The next day Peter wrote back.

**That sounds amazing. I think that would be a great start to a very fun day. Of course after you finished swallowing my hot cum I would look you in the eyes and say my turn before helping you to your feet and slowly releasing you cock from its own cloth prison. I would just hold out my tongue and have you lay it on there not inside my mouth but with your head against my wet lips. Then I would slowly slide your fat hard cock into my mouth. Pushing as far down its length as I could hoping to deep throat you. I would slowly and gently start to suck and bob my head hoping to hear you moan and waiting to feel your hands on my head guiding me to suck you however you most like it. After a little while I pull back and with your cock inches from my mouth I quietly beg you to fuck my throat. I take your hands and place them on the sides of my head so you can hold on and let you fuck my face as hard and fast as you feel like. I gag and my eyes will water but I know that I will be pleasing you. And when you can't take it anymore I will swallow every thick rope of cum that shoots out. Then I will fall to the floor exhausted. I take your hand and pull you down behind me and push my ass against your now soft cock. I grind agaisnt it a bit before you grab some lube and start to explore my ass with a few of your fingers. I lay there and moan softly as you stretch me out and I can feel your cock getting harder against my ass. I look at you and say I'm ready if you are. **

 And Oh my God, I am!

**My fingers begin to probe your hole reaching deeper and deeper inside** I wrote.

** I'm stretching your entrance and probing you deeply. You moan with pleasure as I reach around and grope your hardening cock. It leaks precum and I use it for lubrication as I massage your cock and your man-hole. 

Using my fingers now deep in your ass to lift your bottom into the air, I reposition you as I ready you for my sweet assault. I add generous amounts of additional lube and line up my cock with your beautiful rosebud.

With both hands I grasp your hips. My molten hot cockhead rests firmly upon your anal opening. You can feel the heat and the pressure as it builds. You take a deep breath in anticipation of the intense pleasure that awaits. You're feeling the heat of my cockhead on your ass as I begin to gently push. I gently rock and my swollen man-muscle slowly enters your most sacred sanctum. I can see the head of my cock slipping deeper and deeper into you as I rock. Still grasping your hips I begin to push a little more until my swollen cockhead pops past your sphincter and into your man-canal. We freeze. Your breathing stops. I wait...

Slowly your breathing returns and I feel your body relax. I sense that you're ready to be fully taken. I push slowly but forcefully. I watch my big cock disappear in your beautiful ass. I'm in an inch, then two. I pause and pull back just a bit. Again I resume my push. Another inch. You're breathing heavily and you're beginning to moan aloud. You're now completely unashamed of the pleasure you're experiencing as I fill your ass with my meat. I push once more until my thighs meet your butt cheeks with an audible smack!. I pull back and again pause, allowing your anticipation to build before I proceed with my all out assault on your sweet tender ass.

I resume my push but this time it's straight to the bottom. I pull back and do it again and again. You're feeling so full now and you're pushing back at my every stroke. I push harder and pull faster. I'm starting to fall into a rhythm as I feel my orgasm begin to build deep within me. I holdback on my orgasm as I continue to pound your ass. You're screaming with pleasure into the pillow that you've wrapped around your face!

With one quick move I flip you onto your back. Your leg flies past my face as my cock continues to penetrate your most private place, never missing a beat. I grasp your cock and begin to stroke it furiously. It's so wet with your love liquid and it's leaking profusely. Your cock stands high and hard as I grip and stroke as if it were my own. You're tensing and you're breath is now shallow. 

As I pull back and pound your ass with my dick, my balls slapping you with every stroke. I feel my love build within me and start to orgasm with an intensity that I've never before experienced. I'm releasing my sperm deep in your bowels and you're screaming out as you feel each hot spurt. I pound you hard as I enjoy the intense pleasure! I'm filling you with squirt after wonderful hot squirt and my cock is now splashing and slurping in its own juices.

I look down at your beautiful hard cock just as it begins to shoot. Stream after stream after stream of hot white goo are flying in the air and landing on your chest, belly and face! 

God, what a sight! God, what a moment. A moment that will freeze in my memory forever.

As our orgasms subside I slowly lower my body to yours. I look you deeply in the eyes as I move closer. I reach out with my tongue and begin to lick your sperm off of your face. As I finish cleaning your sweet cum off your face our lips and tongues meet. We share the taste of you. It is my first man kiss...

Oh God Peter, you are a beautiful man.

We kiss and caress and drift off into dreamland.**

 I sure hope he writes back again soon!