 Jim was a recently divorced 34 year old who for years had not enjoyed sex. The last few years of his marriage were extremely bad as his wife left him cold. She had put on 40 pounds over there 10 year marriage so Jim had just turned off the sex drive, besides she never really got him overly aroused anyway.

Jim had found a new job in a new city for a fresh start on life and left to find a place to live. He'd found a few places not far from his new office and got ready to go check them out. The first place he found was a small one bedroom basement suite, the old lady renting it was nice enough but it was entirely too small. The second place was even smaller and much dirtier so Jim kept up his hunt. 

After visiting a half dozen places without success there was only one left on his original list. Jim hoped it was OK because he started work in a week and wanted to settle in. As he walked up to the last place he noticed it was a large house, probably built in the 50's like the rest but looked newer. IT was well kept and neat, everything all manicured and well maintained.

Jim rang the bell and a gentleman in his 50's answered the door. Jim noticed that the man was quite distinguished looking, salt and pepper hair, gray goatee, slim build and stood about 6' 2".

"Hi, I am here about your add for a basement suite? I was hoping it was still available and if I could take a look." Said Jim.

"Sure is available and of course come in and take a look." Replied the man. "My name is Edgar, Ed's fine."

"Thanks, Jim, Jim Johnson." Said Jim as he extended his hand. Ed shook the hand offered and smiled brightly into Jim's eyes. Jim felt like a shock hit him as he returned the gaze as the 2 men shook hands.

Ed led Jim on a tour of the basement suite, large bedroom, den, good-sized living room and kitchen. All very clean and neat and Jim liked what he saw.

"Well this would all be yours, there's a door right here for private access or you can come and go through the common porch. The ceilings are soundproofed so no worries about anything being too loud." Smiled Ed. "Would you like to see the rest of the house? There is a hot tub just out the back door, in a sunroom for privacy, which you can use any time. In here there are movies of al types you may enjoy, again just pop in and take whatever appeals to you, just return them to the same spot."

"Wow Ed you got a nice home here, what's the rent because I'd like to take it?"

"$300 a month is al I need."

"$300? Why so cheap and why no takers yet?"

"I'm picky about who I let live under my roof Jim and I like what I see in you. It's late why not stay here for supper and we can have a hot tub after."

"Sure why not start off right."

Jim and Ed ate a sumptuous supper of steak and potatoes graced by a few glasses of wine. They chatted and acted more like old friends than new ones. After they cleared the table Ed took the wine outside and set it by the tub and started to remove his clothes.

"Come on Jim, just us guys and no one can see us, besides get used to it I walk around nude often and the tub is a no clothes zone for all visitors."

Jim slowly took off his clothes and watched Ed, as he got nude. Nude, Ed turned towards Jim exposing his smooth shaved body to Jim's not so glancing look. Jim stared awkwardly at Ed's erection and smooth shaved pubic area. As Jim removed his boxers his own erect cock pounced out and stood proudly from his thick dark pubic growth.

"Hey it's ok to be sporting Jim, after the wine and the excitement of being nude with another man. Come on get in."

Jim got in first and sat just to the side of the step area grabbing his wine glass and taking a chug of it. Ed got in next, his thick, long uncut cock bouncing before Jim's eyes and watering mouth, and sat next to Jim. Jim was feeling a sense of strong arousal, something he could never remember ever feeling so strongly. But Ed, ever the gentleman, kept up some small talk above the roar of the jets.

Jim could feel Ed's leg next to his and found it very exciting, then as Ed reached to pour some more wine their cock's touched briefly. This sent a shiver of lust through Jim and Ed sat back down, but turned towards Jim, his arm resting on Jim's shoulders.

"Jim, I think you're a very attractive man." And with that kissed Jim as he pulled him close.

Jim, startled at first, recoiled a bit but the tongue of the older man felt right in his mouth and he relented and kissed back. The kiss became long and full of passion as the 2 men embraced and coiled their legs over each other. Jim felt his cock was like iron; it was so hard it almost hurt. His hand drifted below the water line and stroked Ed's leg. Ed's hand found Jim's erection and squeezed it tightly eliciting a moan from Jim and a deeper kiss.

"Very nice kisser Jim," Smiled Ed, "ever been with a man before?"

"No, as a matter of fact I haven't had sex in almost 2 years, my ex just didn't arouse me."

"I think I know why Jim, I think you're gay and just never put lack of sex drive together with your desires."

"Gay? Gay? No. I wasn't raised that way, I mean it's wrong, we're wrong. Shit but it feels so good."

"Ha ha, it's not in your raising, you were obviously raised fine, it's in you Jim. In all of us to be one way or another. Men like us just happen to like other men like us, to like the way a man kisses, or the feel of a cock in our hands. I bet you masturbate, am I right?"

"OF course, and yes it feels good to have my phallus in my hand."

"Cock Jim, it's a cock," laughed Ed, "Why don't we go inside?"

Jim felt like he was in a trance as they toweled each other off and Ed led him by the hand to his bedroom. Ed lay Jim down and lay beside him caressing Jim's concerns away. Soon Ed had moved his mouth down to Jim's 7 inch cut cock and slipped it in his mouth. As soon as the warmth of Ed's mouth hit Jim's cock he was lost to the passion of the moment. All he could feel was Ed's experienced tongue working the hot spot on the base of his cock head.

"AAAAAHHHH GODDDD EDDDD." Screamed Jim as his balls unleashed a torrent of cum down Ed's eager throat.

Ed smiled as he took the last final shots of cum into his mouth and kissed Jim. Jim tasted his own cum on Ed's lips and was eager to taste Ed. Pushing Ed down on the bed Jim crawled and kneeled between Ed's smooth legs and tasted just the end of Ed's pre-cum covered head. It was like a drug to Jim's newly aroused senses and he plunged down on the phallic symbol of his lust. Jim eagerly swirled his tongue around the cock feeling every vein and curve, swallowing every drop that came from the tip. He took the cock from his mouth and rubbed it over his face, reveling in the feel of unbridled lust and desire. He licked Ed's large nut sack suckling on his balls like a treat for a baby.

Putting the cock back in his mouth Jim worked up and down slobbering spit and cum all over as he urged the older man to spill his man seed into his hungry mouth. After a few moments Jim's efforts were rewarded with a large gush and a seemingly endless shooting of delicious cum. Jim crawled back up to Ed lips and kissed him long and deep, sharing the reward of being a good cocksucker. It felt good to Jim to feel like that and was in a state of bliss as Ed made him lay face down and opened a drawer. Something cool and wet was poured down the crack of his virgin ass, and then it heated up as Ed licked at the hole and a new wonderful sensation warmed Jim. Ed's tongue, rough and soft at the same time, was worming its way into Jim's hungry asshole and Jim naturally lifted his ass to meet the tongue that was driving his cock hard again.

More coolness, this time 2 fingers worked it inside of Jim's tight ass, massaging Jim's innards and pressing against what Jim knew to be his prostate. This heightened Jim's sexual animal instincts and he began to moan uncontrollably. Then emptiness, just as Jim was about to say something and turn around Ed pushed his head to the pillow.

Then Jim felt it, the hard cock, the beautiful smooth thick cock against his hole. Ed was gentle at first, slowly pushing into Jim, stretching the virgin ass. Shocks were felt throughout Jim's body as the phallus entered him, shocks of desire, lust, and animalism. ED pushed further until his balls and Jim's touched and left it there a moment to let Jim become accustom to it. Then he began to fuck, and fuck and fuck.

"Oh god Ed fuck me, oh god it feels so good, fuck me Ed fuck me take my virginity and make me love it."

"Lovely ass Jim, tightest I ever had but that will change."

"Yes, yes ream me make me a cock slut, cum addict, man lover!"

A few more strokes and Ed came, shooting even more thick gobs of hot cum deep into Jim's bowel. Jim felt each explosion deep inside and his own cock spewed cum all over the sheets in a large pool underneath him.

Ed pulled his spent flaccid cock out of Jim's ass and cuddled into Jim as they held each other.

"I think you're going to like it here Jim, very much, you seem to like cock as much as I do and I have many friends who come over to use the hot tub….and us!"