 Author's note: This story is also based on a request that I received via e-mail. The person making the request stated that he is French and that he enjoyed the gay life in France before moving to the U.S. He provided the fundamental story line and asked me to embellish it as the story developed. He said that he did attend college and work at a salon in Paris. He also told me that he had a number of threesomes and group scenes but he was not specific about them. So I made up those encounters. The story got to be longer than I expected so I broke it up into Chapters. 

CHAPTER 01 -- PHILIPPE LEARNS ABOUT GAY LIFE

INTRODUCTION

Philippe was a young Frenchman who grew up on a farm in a remote part of France between Paris and Nice. He attended the local school and helped out on the farm. It was the summer following his 18th birthday and graduation from school that set the course for Philippe's life. Philippe was a handsome young man who stood at 5'7" tall and weighed a fit 140 pounds. He had curly brown hair with brown eyes. Philippe's body was virtually hairless and his skin was flawless and smooth. He had more of a girl's body than a young man's as his waist was narrow; he had shapely legs and a very round curvy ass. One might actually say that Philippe was pretty as opposed to handsome. 

Philippe struggled with his sexuality as there were not many girls around where he lived. He kept to himself for the most part as his time was consumed by school work and farm chores. Philippe was happy to be done with high school and he looked forward to attending a university near Paris. Philippe was sure that he would meet many girls there and he could hardly wait to exploit his sexuality. Until then Philippe had to be content with masturbation.

Philippe may have had a feminine looking body but he was also blessed with a nice size cock. Philippe loved to play with his cock and he jerked off every night in his bedroom. Once he measured his cock with his mother's sewing tape measure. It was 7" long and 5" around when he was erect. Each night when he went to bed he played with his cock and jerked off until he shot a huge load. Philippe liked watching cum shoot out of his cock and land on his chest and abs. He always held his cock straight up in the air to see how far he could shoot. Philippe was smart enough to bring a towel to bed with him each night so that he did not get any semen on the bed sheets.

Philippe continued to jerk off each night as he thought about attending college in a few months. He never knew what was in store for him that summer or how it would change his life. It happened one afternoon after he was done with his farm chores. Philippe liked to ride his bike in the country which he did often after his work was done. One afternoon he went for a long ride and on the way home he stopped at an abandoned farm house to rest. Philippe hid his bike in the bushes and climbed up in the loft of the old barn.

PHILIPPE THE VOYEUR

Philippe had only intended to rest for a short while but he was more tired than he realized. He fell asleep in the loft resting on some old straw. He thought he was dreaming but then he realized that there were voices coming from below. Philippe woke up and quietly peeked over the loft to look below. He almost gasped aloud at what he saw.

There were two young men hugging and kissing one another. Philippe had never seen anything like it before and he didn't realize that boys did that. At first he thought to run away before he was discovered but his curiosity got the better of him so he stayed and watched them. The one man managed to open the other's fly and he had fished out a stiff cock. Philippe guessed the cock to be about the size of his own. Philippe continued to watch as the man stroked the other's cock. Philippe guessed the young men to be in their early twenties.

Then the man who the other called Henri dropped to his knees and began to suck the other's cock. Philippe was astounded as he had never witnessed any sex act much less oral sex between two young men. As Henri sucked his lover's cock, he unbuckled his belt and unfastened his pants. The Henri removed the cock from his mouth long enough to lower his lover's pants and underwear. Philippe then realized that his own cock was stiff and straining inside his pants.

Henri had returned to sucking his lover's cock and now he had his hands on his lover's shapely ass. Philippe watched intently as Henri's head bobbed up and down on the stiff cock. Then Henri's lover announced that he was going to cum and Henri took the cock out of his mouth. Henri jerked his lover's cock and Philippe watched as the man shot a massive load across the floor. Henri continued to jerk the cock as it spewed six or seven ropes of semen onto the barn floor. Then Henri took the cock back in his mouth and sucked it dry.

Philippe thought that they were finished but he quickly learned that they were just getting started. Henri called the other man by name and Philippe learned that he was called Michelle. Henri then removed all his clothes as did Michelle and Philippe stared at the two naked bodies below him. Henri got on his back and Michelle leaned over him and took Henri's cock into his mouth. Before Henri's cock had disappeared from Philippe's sight, Philippe had noticed that it was larger than his own cock. He guessed Henri's cock to be at least 8" long and close to 6" around. The cock also had a large mushroom shaped head which Philippe was seeing for the first time.

Michelle sucked Henri's cock as Henri reached between Michelle's legs and stroked Michelle's anus and perineum. Philippe watched as Henri put some sort of substance on his finger and then he fingered Michelle's asshole. Philippe watched in amazement as Henri fingered Michelle's ass with first one, then two and finally three fingers. Philippe wondered how Michelle could take three fingers in his bottom.

Then the two of them moved around until Michelle was on all fours with his head resting on his arms which were on the floor. Philippe noticed that Michelle had a very round sexy looking ass. Henri then knelt behind Michelle and positioned his huge cock at Michelle's anus. Philippe looked on in awe as Henri's cock, first the big mushroom head and then the shaft, slowly disappeared into Michelle's ass. At this point Philippe had to free his own cock from his pants. He opened his fly and fished out his cock and testicles so that he could hold his balls while he jerked off. 

Philippe then heard Michelle groan and speak, "Oh Henri that feels so good. I love it when you fuck me."

Philippe was even more turned on by Michelle's encouragement of Henri to fuck him. Philippe felt his release building within him and then he shot a huge load out onto the floor of the loft. Philippe didn't remember when he had cum so much before as his cock seemed to shoot seven or eight streams of semen. Remarkably Philippe's cock remained hard and he turned his attention back to the lovers below him. Henri was fucking Michelle with long steady thrusts. Michelle's buttocks jiggled each time Henry thrust into him and Philippe found that he liked the looks of Michelle's ass as he was fucked. Then Philippe was surprised when another young man entered the barn.

"Oh look Michelle, Pierre is here. You know how much you like to suck his cock," Henri announced.

Philippe watched as Pierre took of his clothes and brought his hardening cock over to Michelle. Philippe guessed that Pierre's cock was also about 8" long but it was uncut and not as thick as Henri's cock. Without any hesitation Michelle took Pierre's cock in his mouth and began to suck him. Philippe was in disbelief of the scene below him but in spite of that he continued to watch and stroke his cock. Philippe's eyes were glued to the threesome and he felt another pending ejaculation building within his own body.

Philippe then watched as Henri removed his cock from Michelle's ass and stroked it rapidly. Henri then ejaculated onto Michelle's buttocks and anus. Henri pointed his cock directly at Micelle's anus and Philippe watched as semen splashed onto it. Henri shot such a huge load that it coated Michelle's ass and run down his inner thighs. The Philippe stared in amazement when Henri ran the head of his cock up and down over Michelle's anus and then put his cock back in Michelle's ass and fucked him some more.

Pierre then announced that he was going to cum. He pulled his cock out of Michelle's mouth and aimed it along side Micelle's head. Philippe watched as Pierre ejaculated and shot five or six ropes of semen onto Michelle's shoulder and back. Then Pierre put his cock back in Michelle's mouth and Michelle seemed to suck in clean. Philippe's second release snuck up on him since he was so engrossed in watching the threesome. He jerked his cock and he was surprised when his second load was just and voluminous and forceful as his first load. Philippe shot gobs of semen onto the floor of the loft.

Philippe felt weak after his second ejaculation and he rested while he continued to spy on the threesome below him. They had moved into a position where they could suck each other's cock. Henri was sucking Pierre's cock who in turn was sucking Michelle's cock as Michelle sucked Henri's cock. Philippe was surprised that Michelle would suck the cock that had just been in his ass. Philippe decided that it was a good time for him to leave as the three lovers were occupied at the moment. He quietly climbed down from the loft and left the barn undetected. Philippe located his bike and then rode home. He was still confused and overwhelmed by what he had seen in the barn.

PHILIPPE'S SPYING GETS HIM INTO TROUBLE

That first night after witnessing young men having sex, Philippe could not get the images out of his mind. He got erections thinking about them and he jerked off two more times that night. The next day Philippe was still troubled by what he had witnessed but he was curious as well. He couldn't help but wonder if it felt good to have a cock in the ass. He tested his own anus with his finger and it was so tight that he couldn't imagine a cock ever fitting in there. Then he thought of Henri's big cock and he wondered how Michelle was able to take it.

Over the next several weeks, Philippe returned to the abandoned farm as often as he could. There were days when no one else came there and there were days when young men arrived to have sex. Philippe witnessed other young men besides Henri, Michelle and Pierre and he assumed that the barn was a rendezvous spot for the young men. Philippe continued to masturbate at home as he replayed the images in his mind. He also started experimenting with anal stimulation. He learned to lube his anus and then he would finger fuck his ass as he masturbated. Philippe liked the feeling of his finger in his ass.

Philippe then put other things in his ass but nothing as long or as thick as a cock. He found that he like using a carrot since it was tapered and he could put it in until he felt that it was too thick. Philippe then would jerk off as he fucked his ass with a stiff carrot. That was as adventuresome that Philippe got and he was satisfied with the anal penetration. Philippe also continued to masturbate when he spied on the other lovers at the barn.

One day Philippe stopped at the barn after his bike ride and climbed up in the loft awaiting the arrival of the young lovers who he hoped would be there that day. As it turned out Henri, Michelle, Pierre and two other young men arrived. Within minutes the five of them were naked and engaged in sex. Philippe also had his cock out and was stroking it rapidly in search of his first cum. Philippe was so engrossed in watching the five young men below him having sex that he never realized that another person had climbed up into the loft.

"So you like to watch do you? I can see that you are enjoying yourself," the man said startling Philippe.

The man approached Philippe who had jumped to his feet and let go of his cock. The man smile at him and said, "My name is Marcel and what is your name?" 

Philippe replied in a shaky voice, "Philippe, my name is Philippe."

"How old are you Philippe?"

"I am 18 years old," Philippe answered still shaken by being caught spying.

"Good, I hoped that you would be old enough," Marcel said as he moved closer and then took Philippe's cock in his hand. 

Philippe gasped with desire as the first hand other than his own grasped his cock. "Do you like what I am doing to you?" Marcel asked.

"I think so. No one has ever touched me there before," Philippe replied sheepishly.

"Well then you are in for a treat just follow my lead," Marcel directed.

Marcel unfastened Philippe's belt, unzipped his pants and pushed them with his briefs down to his ankles. Marcel then dropped to his knees and took Philippe's rock hard cock in his mouth. Philippe was so turned on that he came in Marcel's mouth almost immediately. Marcel sucked down every drop of Philippe's cum and he drained Philippe's cock dry. Philippe couldn't believe that he had just cum in another man's mouth.

Marcel then stood up and kissed Philippe allowing him to taste his own cum. Marcel then dropped his trousers and underwear baring his own erection. He pushed gently on Philippe's shoulders and Philippe realized what was expected of him.

"I've never done this," Philippe whispered.

"No problem, just do what I did to you," Marcel replied as he pressed down on Philippe's shoulders.

Philippe sank to his knees and his face became level with Marcel's cock. Philippe had never seen another hard cock close up until that moment. Marcel pulled Philippe's head toward the erect cock and Philippe instinctively took it in his mouth. Philippe actually liked the feel of the hard shaft in his mouth and he sucked on it tenderly. Marcel's cock was about the same as Philippe's in length about 7" and 5" around. Marcel guided Philippe's head back and forth until Philippe got the hang of it. Philippe then bobbed his head up and down on Marcel's cock until Marcel stiffened and fired a barrage of cum into Philippe's mouth. Philippe instinctively swallowed the first jet of cum that hit the back of his throat and then he continued to swallow each additional volley. Philippe surprised himself with his reaction to Marcel cumming in his mouth. Philippe thought that he would have been repulsed by it but he had just the opposite reaction. He actually liked the taste of Marcel's cum and he had a strange sense of power over Marcel.

Philippe was hard again and he hoped that Marcel would suck him off once more. But Marcel surprised Philippe when he turned him around to face away from him. Marcel then reached under Philippe and cupped his balls and stroked his cock. Philippe groaned as his scrotum was fondled and then he watched the scene below him, the men were still fucking and sucking each other. Philippe felt Marcel's tongue slide over his perineum and up between his ass cheeks. Philippe flipped out when Marcel licked his ass and rimmed his asshole. Philippe didn't know that people did that to each other but the feeling was sensational. 

Marcel worked his tongue back and forth over Philippe balls to his asshole. Philippe thought that he would cum again any second if Marcel didn't stop tongue probing his ass. Then Philippe felt a cool liquid enter his asshole and it almost seemed to numb his anus. Marcel then stood up and coated his cock with the same lubricant unbeknown to Philippe Next Marcel pushed Philippe over slightly as he lined his cock up with Philippe's asshole. When Philippe felt the cock at the entrance to his ass he panicked briefly but he was afraid to protest as he didn't want the others below to hear him.

Marcel pushed his cock into Philippe's ass and Philippe almost screamed out in pain. Philippe muffled his cries with his arm as he was afraid that any noise would draw too much attention. Philippe was suddenly afraid of getting caught naked with another man. Marcel worked his cock into Philippe's ass and the pain eventually subsided. Philippe then felt bloated for awhile and then he just felt full. Marcel began to saw his cock in and out of Philippe's ass.

Philippe's ass was extremely tight and Marcel did not last long even though it was his second orgasm. Philippe felt Marcel stiffen and hold onto Philippe's hips. Marcel plunged his cock all the way into Philippe's ass and then he unleashed a torrent of cum into the boy's virgin asshole. Philippe felt Marcel's seed flood his ass and he instinctively used his anal muscles to milk Marcel's cock dry. Philippe at that moment decided that he liked the feeling of cum filling his asshole.

They stayed in the same position for a few minutes and then Marcel's cock softened and slipped from Philippe's ass. Marcel told Philippe to redress himself. Once they were both dressed Marcel spoke.

"That was wonderful. Come with me now," Marcel whispered.

Marcel led Philippe down from the loft and they joined the others in the barn. Marcel started caressing Philippe's body again and he had Philippe erect in no time. Marcel this time undressed Philippe so that he was totally naked and then Marcel took off his clothes as well. Philippe felt the presence of another body behind him as Marcel embraced him.

"Who do we have here today Marcel?" the voice asked.

"Michelle, this is Philippe and you won't believe this. Philippe just gave up his cherry to me in the loft where he had been spying on us," Marcel replied.

"His cherry, you got his cherry, his oral cherry and in the loft!" exclaimed Michelle.

"Michelle I got both his cherries, his mouth and his ass," Marcel bragged.

"Both of them and in the loft while he was watching us, oh that is so hot," Michelle gasped.

Michelle then took hold of Philippe's erect cock and asked, "Philippe you have a beautiful cock, can I suck it? Would you like me to suck your cock?"

Philippe was overcome with desire and he just nodded. Michelle sunk to his knees and took Philippe's cock into his succulent mouth. Michelle proved to be an excellent cock sucker and he deep throated Philippe as he cupped Philippe's balls. Another body then moved in behind Philippe and Philippe felt another cock slide into his ass. The man behind him pushed Philippe over slightly so that he was bent over Michelle who knelt in front of him. The man fucking Philippe this time wasn't as large as Marcel and his cock slid in easily. Philippe was groaning as he ass was fucked and his cock was sucked. Then someone turned Philippe's head to side and offered him another cock. By the size of the mushroom head, Philippe knew it was Henri. Now Philippe was getting fucked as he sucked a cock while his own cock was being sucked. The three of them kept at one another until they all came. The guy in Philippe's ass came first which triggered Philippe's orgasm. As Philippe was filling Michelle's mouth with cum his own mouth was flooded by Henri's cock. It was then that Philippe noticed Marcel on all fours with cocks in his ass and mouth.

The four of them uncoupled and then Philippe was pushed to the floor and placed on all fours. Another cock entered his ass and yet another one filled his mouth. For the next several hours Philippe sucked cocks and was butt fucked repeatedly. Every once in a while someone would suck on Philippe's cock too. Later Michelle let Philippe fuck him in the ass. It was the only ass that Philippe got to fuck that day but he loved it. He loved sliding his cock in and out of Michelle's ass as he caressed the shapely buttocks. Philippe finally came in Michelle's ass and then collapsed on top him. Then Philippe was pulled up on all fours and his ass was filled with Henri's cock. Philippe was so stretched out and in such a euphoric state that he had little trouble handling Henri's big cock. 
