 Phil pulled Pierce into the bedroom. "I need to fuck you right now."

"But the kids ..."

"We'll lock the door. They can amuse themselves for half an hour."

"Can I just set up a movie for them?"

"No. I want you right now," he answered determinedly then closed and locked the door. "Get undressed and lay on the bed."

He quickly removed his clothes then laid in the center of the bed. Phil tore his clothes off and laid next to him. He kissed Pierce hungrily as his hands cupped his breasts. Pierce responded to his touch and his little pepper got rock hard as his pussy filled with juices. Phil slid his hand down between Pierce's legs as his mouth worked on his nipples.

"Oh god," Pierce whimpered as Phil worked his magic on his engorged little pepper. Pierce was a transgender man on testosterone replacement therapy. His clitoris had grown into a tiny penis that they referred to as his 'little pepper.' Phil knew just where and how to rub it to get the strongest and fastest reaction from him. 

"I'm going to come!" Pierce moaned as his body started to shake.

"Come for me baby," he said then sucked hard on the nipple in his mouth several times. Pierce arched his back and started to come. Phil spread his legs wide as he moved between them. While Pierce was still coming he slid his cock inside his pussy.

"Oh yes," they moaned together. Phil loved the feel of his pussy just as he finished orgasming. It was so tight and wet, and ready for him.

Pierce ran his fingers up Phil's arms and across his chest as he slammed his cock into him. He whimpered when he dipped his head and sucked Pierce's nipple between his lips again, tugging hard on it.

"Oh god babe," Pierce said as he tugged harder and his pussy gushed more. He loved when he was rough, especially with his breasts.

Just then, the phone rang. Pierce looked over to see who it was.

"It's Marcia," he said. "I promised I'd talk to her about the baby shower for your sister."

"Answer it," Phil replied. "But don't let her know I'm fucking you. If she figures it out, you will be punished by having no sex and giving me blow jobs for the next week whenever I want one starting as soon as you hang up. And you will have to swallow every last drop."

Pierce looked into his eyes and knew he meant every word. He didn't mind the blow jobs or even the being denied sex; it was the having to swallow that bothered him.

"Answer it," Phil ordered as he stopped fucking him, his cock buried deep inside. Pierce reached out and picked up the phone.

"Hey Marcia," he said. "How are you?"

Phil watched his face as he resumed fucking him slowly with his thick, long cock. He paused with just the tip of his cock resting inside then slammed the full length into him, hitting his cervix. He bit her lip to keep from crying out.

"Not fair!" he mouthed. Phil grinned then went back to slowly fucking him. He was so turned on from the combination of forcing Pierce to talk on the phone, the perverseness of the whole thing and hoping that he failed. Phil loved his blow jobs and coming down his throat but he rarely allowed him to do that. He debated what would be the best way to throw him off and get him to reveal what they were doing.

"Pumpkins are a perfect theme for a baby shower in the fall," Pierce said as he stared at Phil's chest. As long as he fucked him like this, he would make it through the call and no one would be the wiser. And he wouldn't have to swallow his come for a week.

Phil leaned down and licked his right nipple with short, quick strokes much like he would when he was licking his little pepper. His pussy tightened around his cock and he gasped.

"I'm fine, just stubbed my toe," Pierce lied. Phil grinned then sucked harder on the nipple. Pierce bit his lip again to keep from reacting verbally and tightened his pussy around Phil's cock several times in retaliation.

Phil picked up the pace and switched to the other more sensitive nipple. Pierce closed his eyes and tried to focus on the conversation with Marcia but it was getting more and more difficult as he neared the edge of his orgasm.

"Of course we should invite the husbands," Pierce said with a smile. "Phil is so excited about having a niece or a nephew. I know he would want to be there."

Phil adjusted his position slightly so he could whisper in his ear. "No more playing fair," he said then bit his ear lobe. He started to fuck him faster as his fingers slipped between them and rubbed her little pepper roughly then he kissed his neck several times. Pierce bit her lip hard to keep from reacting. 

Phil fucked him harder than bit his neck and sucked on it hard, knowing he wouldn't be able to keep from coming. Pierce's body shook as his orgasm hit him and he moaned uncontrollably.

"No ... of course not ... okay, yes we're having sex!" he exclaimed. His face was bright red. Phil grinned and kissed the spot he'd bitten. There was going to be a bruise there but it would be a nice reminder for both of them.

"Say good-bye," he whispered. "Your punishment starts now."

"I ... I have to go Marcia. I'll call you back in a bit," Pierce said in a rush. He hung up the phone and couldn't meet his eyes.

"Get on your knees next to the bed," Phil ordered as he pulled out of him. His cock was dripping wet from his juices and precum.

Pierce slid off the bed and knelt next to it while Phil moved so he was sitting on the edge. He caressed his face then guided his mouth to the tip of his cock.

"Oh yes," Phil moaned as his cock slipped past his lips and into his warm mouth. Phil wrapped his fingers in Pierce's hair, controlling how fast he bobbed his head up and down on the cock. "I love your mouth on my cock. I am going to enjoy the next week very much, especially getting to come in your mouth."

Pierce blushed as his body reacted to the words. He was so turned on but there was nothing he could do to relieve himself. 

Phil held his head still and started to fuck his mouth. With each thrust he shoved more and more of his cock down Pierce's throat until he was deepthroating him.

"Play with my balls," he ordered. Pierce lightly caressed his balls with his fingertips as he forced his cock down his throat until his balls slammed against her chin. "Oh yea ... like that baby ... I'm gonna come ... oh god ... now!"

He shoved his cock in as far as he could and started to come. His thick, hot, gooey come coated his throat. He gagged slightly but swallowed it all.

When Phil was done he let his spent cock slip out of his mouth. Phil pulled Pierce close, wrapping his arms around him as he kissed his cheek. "What a good obedient boy you are. Thank you."

"Are you really going to punish me all week?" he asked, looking into his eyes with his best puppy dog look.

Phil grinned. "Oh yes, and I am going to take full advantage of having your mouth available to me whenever I want. In fact, I'm going to take advantage of it again right now."

Pierce looked down and saw his cock was rock hard again. Thus began a week of mouthy servitude that neither of them would ever forget.