 By the time I was in my middle twenties my experiences with sex had expanded dramatically. I had started with girls and also had had oral sex with several guys. No one knew about that as being bi was pretty much unheard of and I was certainly not telling any of my friends. My steady girl friend at the time, actually my fiancé a few years younger than me was finishing her last year of university in another city and so although we got together most week ends at her place in Toronto there were times when she was really busy or I was really horny and I went looking for some fun with casual hook ups with guys. 

This was all before the internet so finding possible contacts while trying to remain in the closet was a continual problem. ON one of my trips to the city hall washroom I saw a new sign on a stall that said there was a man who wanted to experience being blown by another man for the first time. He had left a phone number there and I memorized it before leaving.

That night about 9pm I called the number and asked for Jim. He said it was him on the phone and asked what I was calling about so with some nervousness I told him of finding the number in the bathroom. He then asked if I wanted to give him a blow job and when I said I could do that he started asking about my age, what I looked like, how many times I'd done that etc. 

I told him pretty much the truth, that I had been with about 8 guys before that and that I liked women too but had realized that I also liked being with men on occasion. He wanted to be sure I understood that he didn't intend to return the favour if I gave him a blow job. He told me he was married but that he had fantasized about a man blowing him for a long time and was looking to fulfill his fantasy. I said that would be fine and he gave me directions to get to his place. He told me his wife worked as a bartender and that if I could get there before 10pm he would meet me at the back of his house where there where there was a patio door into his living room. He explained that he would be inside in the dark waiting and that all I had to do was go in and he'd be on a couch right beside the door.

When I got to the place I found everything just as he had described it to me. I went up to the door with my heart beating quickly in my chest not certain that I wasn't being set up somehow but on looking through the door I could just make him out sitting on the couch. I slid the door open and he whispered to me to come in but to keep quiet because he had a child asleep upstairs. He was naked on the couch and after I entered he pulled on a curtain cord that closed a curtain over the door screening us from the outside. The he asked what position I wanted to do it in.

I simply knelt between his legs and told him to slide his but near the front of his couch. I started by stroking his thighs with my hands and then running them over his chest and belly. He was apparently about the same age as me, not quite as tall I don't think and a bit heavier but still in pretty good shape. He spread his knees wide apart for me to get between them and as I kept rubbing his chest stomach and legs I occasionally ran my hand over his cock. He was already getting hard from my attentions and so I took his cock in my right hand and stroked it gently and slowly a few times. That was enough to get a groan from him and I could feel precum start to leak from the end of his cock. Bending over I kicked it clean and heard him gasp as my tongue ran over the tip.

Holding the base of his cock with one hand I started to massage his balls gently with the other and at the same time took the head into my mouth. I started a slow sucking on him moving my head lower and taking him deep into my mouth before coming back up and running my tongue all around the head of his cock. It wasn't long before he was making small thrusting motions towards my mouth when I was swallowing him and I started moving a bit faster to time myself to the same speed he was moving. We went on like that for a few minutes with me caressing his balls and slurping on his cock while he made little fucking motions into my mouth. Then I took my hand off his cock and bent my head down and as I had learned with some others took a deep breath relaxed my throat and swallowed him all the way to the base. I stayed down on him for several seconds with his cock buried deep in my throat working my throat muscles like I was swallowing and hearing him moan that it felt fantastic.

I lifted up till just the head of his cock was still in my mouth and used my tongue on the underside licking him as I continued playing with his nuts. He told me he was really close and I could taste the precome flowing from the end of his cock so I stroked him a few more times and sucked him deep into my mouth again. That was all it took. He started grunting and shooting his cum into my eager mouth and I was able to swallow it all down as he pumped his cock in and out a few times. His breathing slowed to a more normal pace and then he pulled back from me telling me his cock was too sensitive right then for any more attention.

With that I rocked back and got back to my feet. He thanked me and asked if I wanted to repeat the experience sometime. I was living alone at the time so I gave him my phone number and over the next year we got together about once a month for a clandestine blowjob for him and a mouthful of cum for me.