 Author's note: This story is also based on a request that I received via e-mail. The person making the request stated that he is French and that he enjoyed the gay life in France before moving to the U.S. He provided the fundamental story line and asked me to embellish it as the story developed. He said that he did attend college and work at a salon in Paris. He also told me that he had a number of threesomes and group scenes but he was not specific about them. So I made up those encounters. The story got to be longer than I expected so I broke it up into Chapters.

CHAPTER 02 -- PHILIPPE AND MAURICE GET CLOSER

PHILIPPE AND MAURICE EXPERIMENT WITH EACH OTHER

Philippe got out of bed first and went in to take his shower. When he finished showering he was drying off when he stared at his cousin Maurice standing at the sink naked brushing his teeth. Philippe looked at his cousin's well toned body and his round shapely ass. Maurice like Philippe was tanned golden brown except for their asses and pubes. They had tan lines that actually accentuated their curvy asses against the tanned bodies. Philippe felt that familiar stirring in his loins. Maurice's parents had already left for work so Philippe knew that he and Maurice were alone in the house. Maurice noticed Philippe's naked body and he felt chills run through his body as he thought about what they did last night. Maurice was embarrassed but excited at the same time as he wondered what would happen next. Maurice didn't have to wait long to find out.

Philippe was the more assertive of the two so it was natural for him to make the first move. He hung up the towel and stepped from the shower. Instead of moving to his own sink he moved behind his cousin. Philippe let his hand graze over Maurice's shapely buttock. Philippe felt a sensation move through his body like an electric charge and his cock became erect at the touch of his cousin's ass. Maurice's buttocks tightened at the touch as he too felt electricity run through his body. Philippe caressed Maurice's ass again and Maurice's cock sprung to attention.

Philippe stepped up close to his cousin and wrapped his arms around his chest and nuzzled his neck. Maurice felt Philippe's erect cock pressed against his ass and he sighed deeply. Philippe's hands moved down Maurice's chest over his abs and covered his pubes. Philippe took Maurice's cock in one hand and cupped Maurice's balls in the other as Philippe's cock nestled in to the crack of Maurice's ass. Maurice groaned as Philippe stroked his cock and fondled his testicles.

Philippe then turned Maurice around to face him and kissed him deeply. As their tongues dueled as they kissed, Philippe reached down and grabbed both their erect cocks in one hand and stroked them together. They stayed like that for several minutes until Philippe dropped down on his knees and took his cousin's cock in his mouth. For the first time in his life Maurice had his cock in someone's mouth. Philippe sucked on Maurice for a short while before he stood up and spoke.

"Do you like that?" Philippe asked.

Maurice answered with his eyes closed and hissed, "Yes! Where did you learn to do that?" 

"I met this man last week and he taught me how to do that. Now whatever I do for you, you must do for me, agreed?" Maurice just nodded his head as he was anxious for Philippe to suck him again.

"Good, now let's go back to bed where we can suck each other," Philippe whispered.

They went back to their room and they both got in Philippe's bed. Philippe showed Maurice how to move into a 69 position as they lay on their sides. Philippe took Maurice's cock back into his mouth and Maurice followed Philippe's lead. The two of them sucked cock and for Maurice it was his first time. They relished the feeling of the stiff cocks in their mouths. They took the cocks as deep in their mouths as they were comfortable doing as they made love to each other. Philippe grabbed Maurice's ass cheeks and held them as he sucked Maurice's cock. Maurice copied every move that Philippe made and soon they were both sucking cock and fondling each other's ass. 

Philippe moved a finger between Maurice's ass cheeks and tickled his anus and again Maurice did the same thing to his cousin. Maurice felt a surge pass through his loins and his testicles tightened signaling that he was about to cum. Then he felt his cum travel from his scrotum through his cock and blast into his cousins' mouth. Philippe just held on to Maurice's ass and swallowed Maurice's load as it shot into his mouth. Philippe then rubbed his cousin's balls as he drank down every drop of his cousin's cum. Maurice was in ecstasy as he enjoyed his ejaculation into another boy's mouth for the first time in his life. 

Maurice had stopped sucking Philippe's cock briefly as he savored the moment of cumming in his cousin's mouth but then at Philippe's urging he resumed sucking Philippe's cock. Philippe shot his load shortly thereafter and flooded Maurice's mouth with cum. Maurice did just as his cousin had done and swallowed as fast as he tried to capture every drop of Philippe's cum. However, Maurice was not prepared for the volume and force of Philippe's ejaculation. He pulled Philippe's cock from his mouth and closed his eyes as Philippe's cum shot all over his face. When Philippe had ceased shooting, Maurice took Philippe's cock back in his mouth. They continued to hold to each other and suck each other in the 69 position. They were both so turned on that they remained hard. They could have cum again in each other's mouth but Philippe wanted to take it to the next step.

"I want to fuck you Maurice," Philippe whispered to his cousin, "And then I want you to fuck me."

"I don't know Philippe. I'm scared!" Maurice rasped.

"There's nothing to be scared about. The man I told you about fucked me last week and I love it. At first it will be a little uncomfortable but then you will really like it," Philippe said trying to put his cousin at ease. 

The two beautiful cousins separated from their 69 position and Philippe told Maurice to get on all fours. Maurice did as he was told and positioned himself on all fours. Maurice was still leery of the anal penetration and he looked back over his shoulder with trepidation at his cousin.

"Don't worry Maurice, I will grease you up good before I fuck you," Philippe said trying to sound reassuring.

Philippe played with Maurice's ass a long time as he loved fingering his cousins bung-hole and caressing his shapely ass. Maurice stayed hard throughout the ass fucking foreplay and at one time he thought that he might cum again. It was just then that Philippe told him to turn over. Maurice lifted his legs and placed them on Philippe's shoulders as Philippe directed.

"I want to see the expression on your face when I fuck you and take your virginity," an excited Philippe said in a raspy voice.

Philippe placed the head of his cock at Maurice's ass and pressed forward testing his cousin's asshole. Maurice could feel the pressure and although it wasn't yet unpleasant, he feared the pain to come. Maurice's relaxed orgasmic state and his horniness took over and he let Philippe have his way. Philippe added more lubricant to his cock as he pulled back and rubbed the head of his cock around Maurice's asshole. Every few seconds Philippe would push inside Maurice and then pull back out stretching him a little wider each time. It was quite a turn-on for Philippe watching his pretty cousin with his legs raised and spread. Philippe's next thrust was with a purpose and Maurice felt pain as his cousin's cock pushed passed his sphincter.

"Oh that hurts, stop, please stop!" Maurice screamed out. 

"It's natural for it to hurt at first but the pain will go away shortly. Try to relax and don't fight it," Philippe said.

Philippe remained inside him and did not move allowing Maurice to adjust. The pain did not go away and Maurice asked him to pull out for a moment and Philippe did. The pain went away but Maurice felt a void in his ass and his erotic desire took over. Maurice wrapped his ankles around Philippe's ass and pulled him back. Philippe's cock re-entered Maurice's ass and pushed passed his sphincter again without as much pain this time. Philippe stopped once again and remained still for a moment and waited for Maurice's reaction. The feeling of pain was replaced by desire and Maurice rotated his hips and arched his back to get Philippe further inside him.

Maurice's body opened up to his cousin and he felt Philippe's cock stretch him open to new dimensions. Philippe's cock slid in and out of Maurice slowly until he had finally buried all seven inches in Maurice's ass. Maurice could feel his cousin's balls resting on his ass. Maurice couldn't believe what a wonderful feeling it was to have Philippe completely inside him. Philippe pulled out a little and then he stopped and pushed back inside. The feeling was fantastic and Maurice began to rotate his hips again. Then Philippe pulled almost all of the way out and then plunged inside fucking his cousin senseless. Maurice moaned in response to Philippe's pounding and they began to make love. Philippe leaned over him and Maurice wrapped his legs around him, hooking his ankles together and they began rocking and moving beautifully together. Maurice was being fucked for the first time and he loved it.

Philippe was fucking Maurice hard and he reveled in each thrust. Maurice looked down and watched his balls and erect cock bounce around as Philippe fucked him. Maurice soon felt another buildup in his balls. Philippe began to moan louder and louder, and he fucked harder and faster. Maurice felt Philippe's cock swell in his rectum as Philippe rose up on his knees. Maurice knew that he was close and he began to pump his own cock with his hand. Philippe grunted and Maurice felt hot cum fill his ass. Maurice pumped his cock harder in search of his own release. When he came, he shot his own cum all over his chest, abs and pubes. Philippe had filled Maurice up with his cum but he remained hard and continued to fuck his ass. Philippe pushed his cum around in Maurice's ass and some of it escaped and wet the bed. Due to Philippe's horniness and his youthful recuperative powers he continued to fuck Maurice until he came again. Maurice's asshole was overflowing with cum.

Philippe collapsed on top of his cousin and then they kissed. Philippe lay on top of Maurice with all of his weight resting on him. Maurice wrapped his legs around Philippe and he reveled in the feeling of his cousin's big cock growing soft inside him. They stayed in each other's arms for a long time and no words were spoken. They just held each other, kissed and ran their hands over each other. Philippe's cock softened and slipped from Maurice's ass and it felt like a plug had just been pulled from Maurice's asshole. Cum ran out of Maurice's ass onto the bed and he felt the cool air caress his no longer virgin asshole. 

"Maurice I want you to fuck me now. Would you like to fuck me?" Philippe asked.

"Oh yes!" Maurice gasped.

Philippe got on all fours and handed his cousin the lube. "Put plenty of that stuff on your cock and in my ass."

Maurice knelt behind Philippe and he began to caress his cousin's beautiful ass. Maurice for the first time noticed that Philippe's body was delicate, hairless and flawless. Maurice couldn't believe how much Philippe looked like a girl from behind with his shapely curvy ass in the air and then Maurice guessed that he looked the same way. Maurice put an ample amount of lotion in his hands and rubbed it all around Philippe's bung hole. Then Maurice inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing Philippe for his cock. As he sawed his fingers in and out of Philippe's anus Maurice was getting turned on by the thought of burying his cock in his cousin's shapely ass. He moved closer to Philippe and lined up the head of his cock with Philippe's anal opening and began to ease it into to him. 

Maurice spat on his hand and rubbed his saliva all over his cock which made it very slick when combined with the lotion. Maurice's cock head cleared Philippe's sphincter and it slid right in without resistance. Philippe's ass chute was warm and tight as Maurice went deep into him. Maurice was all the way in Philippe's ass and he started a slow fucking motion. Maurice continued to pump Philippe's ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as he caressed his cousin's smooth round ass. 

Philippe asked Maurice to fuck him harder and quicker. So Maurice picked up the pace and he started pounding Philippe's ass faster and faster. Maurice's balls started bouncing off of his cousin's balls and Philippe was moaning with each thrust of cock. Maurice could feel his climax building and he knew that at any moment he would shoot his seed into Philippe's ass. Maurice tried to make it last as long as possible but once Philippe started to contract his anal muscles Maurice lost it.

Maurice fired a barrage of cum in his cousin's ass filling it to overflowing. As he continued to fuck Philippe, Maurice's cum backed up in his cousin's rectum and began to ooze out flowing over their balls. Philippe used his talented anal muscles to milk Maurice's cock and drain it of all his seed. Maurice didn't think that his cock would ever be soft again as he remained hard in Philippe's tight sheath. Philippe's milking action weakened him and Maurice collapsed on top of Philippe's body. Philippe flattened out on the bed with Maurice on top and his cock still in his cousin's ass. Maurice rolled off of Philippe and his hard cock slipped from Philippe's ass. Philippe rolled to his back and spread his legs lifting his knees to his chest.

"Fuck me again," he commanded.

Maurice moved between Philippe's legs in the missionary and lined up his still erect cock with his cousin's asshole. Philippe was also as hard as a rock and his beautiful cock pointed toward his head. Maurice pressed slightly forward and his cock moved into his cousin's hot ass. Philippe's ass actually pulled Maurice inside and his cock went all the way in Philippe's asshole as Maurice's balls rested on his cousin's ass.

"God, that feels so good, love me, fuck me," Philippe cried out.

His ass was in the air and Maurice's cock was fully embedded in it. Maurice pulled back a little and pushed forward. Philippe groaned as Maurice began to slowly fuck him. Each time Maurice would start taking longer strokes. Maurice's cock head was soon at the edge of his cousin's asshole before he pushed it back into him. Their fucking was making a sucking sound. Each time Maurice's balls slammed against his cousin's ass, his body and Philippe's ass made a wet slapping sound.

Maurice was so fucking hot that he crammed his cock fully into Philippe. Philippe held Maurice's cock and massaged it with his anal muscles; Maurice knew he was not going to last very long. Philippe humped up against Maurice fucking back as Maurice fucked him. The room smelled of sex and sweat. Maurice reached down to stroke his cousin's cock.

"Yeah that's it. Jerk me off as you fuck me. Make me cum again," Philippe cried out.

Maurice took slow long strokes in and out of his cousin's ass as Philippe pushed up into him more and more. Soon Philippe took control and just fucked Maurice's cock. Maurice let Philippe fuck him with his ass muscles. Maurice's actions became more erratic and his thrusts shorter and more powerful. Philippe was grunting as Maurice's cock slid in and out of his hot ass. Soon Maurice's cock was barely staying in his cousin's ass. Then Philippe slowed down and let the cock just press against his prostate. Philippe announced that he was cumming and he pulled Maurice down and kissed him deeply plunging his tongue into Maurice's mouth. Maurice felt his cousin's cum shoot between their bodies covering their chests and abs and then oozing out around their pubes. That set Maurice off and he began to pound his cock in and out of his cousin's hole. Maurice slammed his cock into his cousin's loose wet hole and he felt his balls tighten again. Maurice pressed deep into him and his seed filled his cousin's ass for a second time.

"Yes cum in my ass again. Oh I feel it I feel your hot cum," Philippe groaned.

Maurice pulled, pushed and cum spurted into Philippe making his hole wetter and warmer as Maurice's cock easily slid in. Maurice continued fucking him until his legs were weak and cum had stopped flowing. Maurice's cock slipped from his cousin's ass as they cuddled and Philippe stroked Maurice's exhausted body.

"I loved fucking you. I loved your ass," Maurice whispered into his ear.

"I knew you would," Let's rest awhile and then we can shower and get dressed.

After several minutes they took a shower together and Philippe displayed his insatiable capacity for sex. As they soaped and washed one another, Philippe got another erection. Maurice was done for the morning and although he was turned on he didn't get hard. Philippe decided to fuck Maurice one more time before they dressed and got some breakfast.

Philippe stood behind Maurice and washed Maurice's chest and abs. Then Philippe's hands made their way down to Maurice's ass. Philippe cupped the luscious buttocks in his hands as he soaped up Maurice's ass. Then he fingered Maurice's asshole and soaped up his own cock. Maurice leaned forward slightly placing his hands on the shower wall and arched his back so that his ass pushed back toward Philippe. Philippe eased his cock into Maurice's soapy asshole as he held onto Maurice's hips.

Maurice groaned seductively as the big dick entered his asshole. Philippe fucked him slowly and watched his cock slide in and out of Maurice's shapely ass. Philippe was so turned on that he felt his orgasm building quicker then he planned especially since it was his fourth of the morning. There was no stopping him and his balls tightened as he unloaded in Maurice's ass. Philippe held onto to Maurice's hips and drove his cock deep into Maurice's asshole. Maurice felt the molten sperm fill his asshole once again and instinctively used his anal muscles to milk Philippe's cock. Maurice and Philippe finished their shower, dried off, dressed and then went downstairs to have a late breakfast. After breakfast they sat around on the sun porch with a cup of coffee and talked about their recent events.

"I never thought that I would do anything like that Philippe!" Maurice said.

"Did you enjoy it? I did," Philippe replied.

"Oh yes but the first time I took your cock in my ass it hurt like hell. I was surprised that I could take your cock."

"You handled it really well Maurice and I loved fucking your sweet curvy ass." 

"I couldn't believe it when you kept cumming. I thought you would never stop fucking me and cumming in my ass," Maurice said with a giggle.

"I do cum a lot but your hot ass had me turned on and that had a lot to do with it too," Philippe admitted.

"What would you like to do today?" Philippe asked.

"I would like to walk around the theatre district today. I'm an actor or performer and I would like to know if anyone is hiring," Maurice replied.

"Okay but I would like to walk around the university where I will be attending this year," Philippe requested.

"Sure let's do that first and if there's time then we can do the theatre district," Maurice confirmed.

PHILIPPE DEPARTS PARIS

Maurice and Philippe walked all over the theatre district after they had walked around the university neighborhood. Philippe and Maurice decided to stop at a sidewalk café and have some coffee. They chatted about the area as they noticed that there seemed to be a lot of gay shops and cafes. 

"What are you boys doing in this part of Paris? A voice next to them asked.

The boys looked at a handsome man seated by himself at a table next theirs. Philippe guessed the stranger to be in his mid-thirties. "We were just walking around and checking out some of the area. My cousin was hoping to find a job as a performer," Philippe explained.
