 Author's note: This story is also based on a request that I received via e-mail. The person making the request stated that he is French and that he enjoyed the gay life in France before moving to the U.S. He provided the fundamental story line and asked me to embellish it as the story developed. He said that he did attend college and work at a salon in Paris. He also told me that he had a number of threesomes and group scenes but he was not specific about them. So I made up those encounters. The story got to be longer than I expected so I broke it up into Chapters.

CHAPTER 03 -- PHILIPPE ATTENDS COLLEGE AND WORKS AT THE SALON

PHILIPPE ATTENDS THE UNIVERSITY

Philippe left his farm home and took the train to Paris and then the Metro to the University. The time that he spent at home he resisted the temptation to return to the abandoned farm house and barn. Philippe liked having sex with young men but he wasn't sure that he was ready to return to the group scene. Philippe checked in at the school and he was shown to his dorm room where he met his roommate Alain. Philippe liked his roommate and secretly hoped that Alain liked to have sex with other young men. 

It had been over a week since Maurice and Philippe had any sex. Philippe missed the soft hairless body of his cousin next to him and he masturbated many times thinking about Maurice. Philippe set out to find a job near the university but finding a job was difficult. Then Philippe remembered Jean-Claude and decided to call him.

Philippe got in touch with Jean-Claude and he agreed to meet Jean-Claude at the salon. When Philippe arrived at the salon, Jean-Claude was already there waiting for him. Jean-Claude showed Philippe around the salon and explained what the duties of an attendant would be. Philippe was introduced to the hair stylists working at the salon and Philippe was convinced that they were all gay. They all looked very pretty and their movements were very effeminate. Philippe felt his loins surge just at the thought of working next to the stylists.

Jean-Claude explained that Philippe would work at the salon all day on Saturday and half the day on Sunday. Philippe would also be entitled to free haircuts when he needed them. Philippe also checked out the clientele and many of them looked gay too. Jean-Claude explained that many actors and performers had their hair done at the salon and some of them were female impersonators. Philippe was excited about the opportunity and decided to accept the offer. Jean-Claude was pleased with Philippe's decision.

"Let's go back to my place and we can talk more over a glass of wine," Jean-Claude offered.

Philippe agreed as he was anxious to begin work at the salon. Jean-Claude and Philippe then left the salon and headed to Jean-Claude's place. Two of the stylists, Alexandre and Arnaud, giggled and punched each other playfully when Philippe and Jean-Claude departed. They had both been to Jean-Claude's place when they first accepted the offer to work at the salon and they knew what was in store for Philippe.

Jean-Claude and Philippe arrived at Jean-Claude's apartment and Jean-Claude poured a glass of wine for them. They sat drinking the wine and chatting as Jean-Claude wanted to know more about Philippe. Jean-Claude inquired into Philippe's sex life and Philippe was a little embarrassed. 

"Philippe you are very pretty, have you ever made love with another man?" Jean-Claude asked.

Philippe noticed that Jean-Claude said pretty and not handsome. "Yes I have," Philippe answered blushingly.

"I'm glad to hear that Philippe," Jean-Claude said and then knelt down in front of the Philippe seated in the soft chair.

Jean-Claude unbuckled Philippe's belt unzipped his fly and unbuttoned his pants. Jean-Claude then slowly pulled Philippe's pants down and then his underwear. By the time Jean-Claude reached for Philippe's underwear, Philippe's cock was stiff and erect. Jean-Claude pulled the underwear down purposely allowing the waistband to catch on Philippe's erection. As the underwear was pulled down slowly Philippe felt his hard cock bend and then it spring out when it cleared the waistband. Jean-Claude loved to do that and watch a youthful cock bob in his face. 

Jean-Claude kissed around Philippe's pubes and thighs but didn't touch the stiff cock. Philippe was almost panting he was so ready to be sucked off. Jean-Claude then licked the underside of Philippe's cock running his tongue up and down the shaft. Philippe was going mad with desire and Jean-Claude teased him to no end. Philippe just closed his eyes as Jean-Claude's lips kissed the engorged cock. Philippe's body tensed as Jean-Claude's lips moved up and down the shaft and then Philippe gasped as Jean-Claude's mouth engulfed his cock. 

Jean-Claude was a very good cocksucker and in no time he had Philippe ready to blow his load. Philippe tried to prolong his orgasm as long as he could. Jean-Claude pulled Philippe to his feet and drew Philippe in toward him. Jean-Claude caressed the back of Philippe's legs and cheeks of his ass as Jean-Claude's warm, wet, wonderful mouth sucked on Philippe's cock. Jean-Claude massaged the head of Philippe's cock against the roof of his mouth. He circled Philippe's cock with his tongue and Philippe felt the light scraping of Jean-Claude's teeth. Philippe's dick felt harder and longer than it ever felt in his life and he knew he was going to shoot soon.

Jean-Claude took Philippe's cock out of his mouth and looked up at him as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged Philippe's bloated balls. Jean-Claude then put it back in his mouth and took it out again then he gently blew on it as his fingers continually massaged Philippe's balls. Jean-Claude tickled the cock head with his tongue and teased Philippe's pee slit. Jean-Claude had Philippe close to cumming a few times. Jean-Claude seemed to know when Philippe was getting close, and he would do things making him last longer, torturing Philippe in the process.

Jean-Claude looked up at Philippe and smiled as he stroked the slick cock. Then he asked, "Ready to cum Philippe"?

"Please!" Philippe gasped his hands clenched in fists.

Jean-Claude then took Philippe's cock all the way into his warm wet mouth. He swirled his tongue around the length of the shaft, nibbled on the cock head and sucked Philippe hard. Jean-Claude reached under Philippe's balls and rubbed the hardness between his balls and anus. Philippe felt his cock thicken and he knew he was going to cum. There was no stopping Philippe this time.

Jean-Claude grabbed Philippe's ass cheeks with both hands as Philippe exploded in his mouth. Philippe fired round after round of cum into his mouth and Jean-Claude sucked and swallowed as fast as he could. Rope after rope of semen shot into Jean-Claude's mouth as Philippe seemed to have an endless supply. Finally the barrage subsided and Philippe stopped cumming in Jean-Claude's mouth. Jean-Claude sucked on the firm cock until he had drained every drop from Philippe's dick.

"Come in the bedroom with me," Jean-Claude directed.

Jean-Claude walked into his bedroom as Philippe struggled with his clothes. Finally naked Philippe walked in the bedroom to find Jean-Claude already naked on the bed stroking his cock. Philippe stared at the 9" erect cock as he had never seen one that long. Jean-Claude's cock was not thick however at just about 4" around. 

"Have you been fucked yet?" Jean-Claude asked.

"Yes a few times," Philippe admitted.

"Good then get up on the bed on all fours for me," Jean-Claude told him.

Philippe got on the bed on all fours as he was directed. Jean-Claude then took some oil and began to massage Philippe's shapely ass. Jean-Claude loved young boy's asses that were so nice and round and shapely. He liked fucking pretty boys in the ass. Philippe groaned when Jean-Claude massaged the oil onto Philippe's buttocks and then he gasped allowed when Jean-Claude inserted a finger into his asshole. Jean-Claude kept massaging Philippe's ass and fingering his asshole until Jean-Claude couldn't wait any longer to fuck him. Jean-Claude lifted Philippe's shapely ass into the air and eased his oily cock into Philippe's ass. Jean-Claude slid in easily which was testimony that Philippe was very experienced in anal sex. Philippe grunted a little as he was surprised with the length of Jean-Claude's cock. It was clearly the longest cock that had been in his ass and Philippe was thankful that it wasn't too thick.

Jean-Claude fucked Philippe slowly in an attempt to prolong his ejaculation and savor every second that his cock was buried in the shapely ass. Philippe groaned as Jean-Claude fucked him slowly and then Philippe ejaculated again without even having touched his cock. Philippe clenched his anal muscles when he came which increased the tightness around Jean-Claude's cock. Jean-Claude then lost it and shot a barrage of cum deep into Philippe's rectum. Jean-Claude left his cock in Philippe's ass and continued fucking Philippe until he came again. This time Jean-Claude reached around and stroked Philippe's cock. Philippe came again in Jean-Claude's hand before Jean-Claude filled his ass a second time. Jean-Claude liked giving the pretty boys a reach around and making them cum.

Philippe was disappointed that he didn't get to fuck Jean-Claude. Philippe learned later that Jean-Claude did not take it in the ass. However, Jean-Claude told Philippe that he would have plenty of opportunities to fuck other guys at the salon once they got to know him. Philippe was already looking forward to more adventures with the staff and the clientele at the salon. Philippe and Jean-Claude showered and then Philippe got dressed. Jean-Claude just slipped on a silk robe and showed Philippe out. They said goodbye and Jean-Claude told Philippe that he could start at the salon that Friday. Philippe went back to his dorm room excited as he tried to imagine his life in Paris.

PHILIPPE BEGINS SCHOOL AND WORK

Philippe attended classes four days a week and he worked at the salon all day Saturday and from nine until one on Sundays. Philippe got along well with his roommate Alain but he had not yet figured out if Alain would be receptive to sex with another man. Philippe was careful about how he behaved at school and in particular with his roommate. Philippe also got along very well with the staff at the salon and he had had a few encounters with two of the hair stylists. Philippe was also at Jean-Claude's beckoning from time to time. 

Philippe's first encounter was with Alexandre at the salon one Sunday afternoon. Philippe needed a haircut and Alexandre offered to cut Philippe's hair after the salon had closed. Alexandre told Arnaud to run along and that he would see him later at their apartment. Then Alexandre locked up the salon.

Philippe followed Alexandre to the back of the salon where the shampoo sinks were located. Philippe sat down his head back as instructed as Alexandre turned on the water. Alexandre tested the water temperature and then he had Philippe lean back with his head in the sink. Alexandre soaped Philippe's hair and washed it thoroughly. Alexandre massaged Philippe's head as he shampooed it and Philippe was actually turned on by the head massage. Alexandre rinsed Philippe's hair and then applied a second lathering. By the time Alexandre had finished washing Philippe's hair Philippe had a raging hard-on that was very obvious in his pants. Philippe's erection did not go unnoticed by Alexandre who smiled at the teenager.

Alexandre then steered Philippe over to the stylist chair and went to work on Philippe's hair. As he cut Philippe's hair Alexandre had a way of touching and rubbing up against Philippe that was turning Philippe on. Philippe was sure that he felt the erection in Alexandre's pants against his arm on several occasions. After the first cutting Alexandre rinsed Philippe's hair again and then had him sit under the hair dryer. Alexandre then pleased Philippe by kneeling in front of him and removing Philippe's pants and underwear.

"This will help pass the time as you hair dries," Alexandre said and then he took Philippe's cock in his mouth.

Philippe didn't answer but just closed his eyes as Alexandre's lips kissed the engorged cock. Philippe's body tensed as Alexandre's lips moved up and down the shaft and then Philippe gasped as Alexandre's mouth engulfed his cock. Philippe thought to himself, "Oh this is wonderful he is going to blow me right here in the salon." Philippe was thrilled to have his cock back in someone's mouth again.

Alexandre was a very good cocksucker and in no time he had Philippe ready to blow his load. Philippe tried to prolong his orgasm as long as he could. Alexandre knelt on the floor and lifted Philippe in toward him. Alexandre caressed the back of Philippe's legs and cheeks of his ass as Alexandre's warm, wet, wonderful mouth sucked on Philippe's cock. Alexandre massaged the head of Philippe's cock against the roof of his mouth. He circled Philippe's cock with his tongue and Philippe felt the light scraping of Alexandre's teeth. Philippe's dick felt harder and longer than it felt in some time and he knew he was going to shoot soon.

Alexandre took Philippe's cock out of his mouth and looked up at him as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged Philippe's bloated balls. Alexandre then put it back in his mouth and took it out again then he gently blew on it as his fingers continually massaged Philippe's balls. Alexandre tickled the cock head with his tongue and teased Philippe's pee slit. Alexandre had Philippe close to cumming a few times. Alexandre then took Philippe's cock all the way into his warm wet mouth. He swirled his tongue around the length of the shaft, nibbled on the cock head and sucked Philippe hard. Alexandre reached under Philippe's balls and rubbed the hardness between his balls and anus. Philippe felt his cock thicken and he knew he was going to cum. There was no stopping Philippe this time.

Alexandre grabbed Philippe's ass cheeks with both hands as Philippe exploded in his mouth. Philippe fired round after round of cum into his mouth and Alexandre sucked and swallowed as fast as he could. Rope after rope of semen shot into Alexandre's mouth as Philippe seemed to have an endless youthful supply. Finally the barrage subsided and Philippe stopped cumming in Alexandre's mouth. Alexandre sucked on the thick firm cock until he had drained every drop from Philippe's dick.

"Philippe would you like to fuck me? Would you like to stick your lovely cock in my ass?" Alexandre asked as he wiggled his shapely ass in Philippe's direction. 

Alexandre took off his pants and his 6" erect dick wavered in the air. He knelt on the floor and raised his ass in the air. Philippe looked at him in this position and his great looking bubble butt. Alexandre reached back and lubed his asshole with lotion. Philippe saw this and then applied a generous amount of lotion to his own cock. Philippe slid out from under the hair dryer, knelt behind Alexandre and stared at the incredible ass that he was about to fuck. Philippe then spit on his dick making very slippery and eased into Alexandre's asshole.

Philippe was gentle with him allowing Alexandre to adjust to his cock. Soon he was buried to the hilt in Alexandre's ass and he fucked the stylist royally. Philippe held on to the pretty twin cheeks of Alexandre's ass as he fucked him thoroughly. Alexandre felt Philippe tense and then fill his ass with cum. As Philippe continued to fuck Alexandre's ass, cum backed out of his ass and ran down over Alexandre's balls. Alexandre fell forward onto the floor and Philippe followed him with his cock still buried in Alexandre's ass. Philippe was so turned on that he remained hard and he began to fuck Alexandre again. Philippe was thrilled that he was back in someone's ass again. He was so excited that he felt he could stay hard forever.

Philippe was buried balls deep in Alexandre's tight asshole. Alexandre was flattened on the floor face down as Philippe drove his cock deep into the bowels of his new found lover. Alexandre's ass moved under Philippe but Philippe's strength and drive kept Alexandre pinned under him. Philippe's buttocks clenched and unclenched as he pummeled Alexandre's ass. Philippe's cock drove into Alexandre and then retreated until only the head remained in Alexandre's rectum. Alexandre felt the shaft drive in and out of his anal passage like a piston causing him to cry out.

"Oh God your cock is so hot in my ass, so deep. Oh fuck yeah, fill me with your dick. Cum in me, I want your cum shooting in my ass again," Alexandre exclaimed!

Philippe continued to fuck the shapely firm ass of his new lover driving his cock into the warm recess. Philippe sensed his orgasm building in his balls and he knew that within minutes he would cum in Alexandre's hot ass. Philippe felt the pressure in his scrotum just before he unleashed a torrent of semen into the shapely firm ass underneath him. Philippe felt Alexandre's anal muscles tighten around the shaft and squeeze every ounce of spunk out of it.

"Oh yes, I feel it. I love it when you cum in my ass. I love your hot seed flooding my ass," Alexandre cried out, "That's what I love about you teenagers, you can cum forever!"

Alexandre got up and wiped off with one of the salon towels as Philippe wiped off his cock with one as well. Alexandre told Philippe to take off the rest of his clothes and that he would finish Philippe's hair while they were naked. Alexandre also stripped off his remaining clothes and then went about cutting and shaping Philippe's hair. 

"I will shape your hair to make you look very pretty," Alexandre said as he worked on Philippe's curly hair.

When Alexandre was done with Philippe's hair he had Philippe stand up in front of the mirror as he moved another mirror around Philippe's head. Philippe's hair had been cut into a style that looked very feminine. Philippe felt Alexandre's erect cock brush against his body as Alexandre moved around him with the mirror. Alexandre then put the mirror down and stood close behind Philippe. He reached around and pinched Philippe's nipples and pressed his cock into the crack of Philippe's ass.

"I just love it that you have such hard nipples," Alexandre said as he gently tweaked Philippe's nipples. 

Philippe felt his own cock getting hard again as Alexandre fondled him. Philippe reached behind him and took Alexandre's cock in his hand. Philippe stroked Alexandre's cock and then Alexandre decided it was time to fuck Philippe. Alexandre, sporting a raging hard-on, pushed Philippe down on the floor face down.

"Do you know what happens to boys who wear their hair like girls? They get fucked in the ass," Alexandre teased.

Alexandre grabbed the lotion from his nightstand and quickly covered his cock with it. Then he pushed his rock hard cock into Philippe's ass and fucked him hard and fast. Philippe whimpered under the assault of his ass but he pushed back to try to get all of Alexandre's cock in him. Alexandre pounded his new friend's ass as they both raced toward an orgasm. Alexandre came first and filled Philippe's ass with semen. Philippe squealed when he felt the warm liquid flood his ass. Alexandre continued to fuck until his cock softened and slipped from Philippe's ass. Philippe rolled over on his back and Alexandre's mouth immediately covered Philippe's cock. Alexandre sucked on his cock until Philippe shot another load in Alexandre's mouth.

"Oh God I'm cumming. Suck me Alexandre, take it all. Oh you are so good!" Philippe exclaimed as his seed filled Alexandre's mouth.

The two pretty young men lay side by side after their orgasms and held onto each other's cock. It didn't take long before they were ready to go again. Philippe and Alexandre sucked each other in a 69 position and played with each other's ass. Then Philippe fucked Alexandre in the ass and Alexandre reciprocated by fucking Philippe in the ass again. They stayed in the salon to almost 4:00 PM and then totally drained they cleaned up, dressed and left.
