 He laid the toy out on the desk. He could fee his heart beat throughout his body. It confused him because he was alone. There didn't seem to be any reason for anxiety. But then it hit him. He knew what he had to do. 

The toy had been selected because it resembled his cock. It was nearly the same size and thickness. When he used it, he sometimes pretended it was the real thing; other times, he thought about how it was loosening him up in preparation for the real thing. Either way, the visual always resulted in a knee-buckling orgasm.

This time, he felt different. Perhaps it was because he had never done this at the office. Perhaps it was because his partner was out of town. Whatever the reason, he felt that he needed permission. After all, he shouldn't use his partner's cock without his knowledge or approval. 

He picked up the phone with trembling hands and sent the text:

"Hey. Sitting here looking at my toy. Reminds me of you."

Several minutes went by before he heard the cell phone ring. 

"Hey. Thought you might call."

"Interesting. What are you planning to do with your toy?"

"I was thinking about fingering myself and then having you... um... it... fuck me."

"I would much prefer that it were actually my cock. I miss you, especially that part of you. I love fucking with you. I love kissing you."

"Me too. I just now fantasized about you walking in unexpectedly and finding me naked and hard."

"Mmmm. I like that fantasy. It's going on the 'to do' list."

"So... Do I have your permission to fuck myself with your cock?"

"Only if you follow directions. Are you hard?"

"OMG yes. This whole conversation is pushing me over the edge."

"Take a deep breath. I want you to strip completely naked."

"Completely? I'm at the office. Can I just take off my pants?"

"Sure, if you want me to end this conversation. Otherwise, do what I tell you and don't question me."

"Setting the phone down."

He stood and stripped naked. Now, his heart was beating out of his chest. Although he was on the second floor of the building, his desk was right by the window and he could see for blocks. He wasn't sure anyone could see him; but it was possible from the adjacent building.

He picked up the phone.

"Ok, I am sitting here completely naked and your cock is on the desk staring at me."

"Good. Now sit back and stroke your cock until it's throbbing. I want to know how it feels."

"It was already as hard as a rock. LOL. But it feels good in my hand. I'm stoking myself with my right hand and massaging my balls with my left hand. I wish I had both of our cocks in my hand."

"Nice. Now pull your knees to your chest. Lick your middle left finger and just circle your hole while you stroke your cock."

"Mmmm. That feels good. I'm closing my eyes and pretending it's your finger."

"Do you have lubrication?"

"Of course."

"You know what to do. Dip your finger and then insert it into your hole."

"OMG. It slid in easily, but my hole still feels snug. Like it's ready to receive your cock."

"I wish it were my cock. You always feel snug around my cock."

"Can I insert more fingers?"

"Of course. I want you nice and ready when you fuck yourself with my cock."

"Two... Now three... It's loosening up nicely. But I know I would still feel the initial pain of you entering me. God I would love to have you walk in, push my knees to my chest and bury your cock deep inside me."

"You know I would accommodate you if I were there. I just stripped naked. I wish you could see how hard my big cock is just knowing what you are doing and that you are thinking of me. I really do love fucking you."

"Oh god, I have to slow down. I almost came on that one. I pictured walking into your room, straddling you on the bed and lowering myself onto your big beautiful hard cock."

"Whoa. Now you almost made me cum. Need to time this perfectly."

"I agree. But I need to cum really bad at this point. Pretending I am in your mouth now."

"Damn. You are losing control here. It's time to lube up my cock and slide it into your tight hole."

"I thought you would never ask. Lubing... Now inserting the tip. God, the head on this thing feels almost like your head when you first enter me. Getting past the rim of the helmet is always the first thrill. There it... goes... Oh my god. It feels so good." 

"I am visualizing all of this. Now I need to cum badly. Let me know when my cock is all the way in."

"Working it a little at a time... Almost there... Ahhhh. Ok, I can feel your balls pressing against my ass."

"Ok, now let me fuck you. Feel my cock stroke in and out of you."

"Already there. You are fucking me slowly. Going all the way in and pulling almost all the way out with each stroke. I'm stroking my cock with my other hand while you fuck me with your big cock. Do you like fucking me with your big cock?"

"You know I do. Right now, I want to lean over and devour your mouth with mine while you wrap your legs around my waist. Can you feel my lips against yours while I'm fucking you?"

"Um hum. It feels nice. Now fuck me harder. I want you to watch me cum."

He closed his eyes and started vigorously working the cock in and out of his ass while wildly stroking his own cock. 

"Don't lose me here. I need to know what's happening."

"Oh my god. I can't take it anymore. Please, can I cum?"

"Yes, I will let you cum now. I want you to explode all over yourself."

"Oh fuck!! Here it comes!! My legs are shaking. Oh god. I'm exploding all over myself!"

"Good boy. Was it as good as when you cum with me actually inside you?"

"Never. Nothing is like the real thing. Are you still hard?"

"Oh yes. I'm almost there."

"I want you to straddle me and cum all over my cock. I want your load mixed with mine."

"Holy shit. That did it! Here it comes... Oh shit. I'm exploding all over you. I blew my load from your cock all the way to your chest. You are covered in cum."

"I love that visual. I am so turned on thinking about you covering me with your cum. I'm running my fingers through it. I'm definitely gonna need a shower after this."

"LOL. Yes, you are. I'll join you. Maybe I'll fuck you again in the shower if you're lucky."

"Deal."