 Chapter 02: Remembering...

They had just fucked when, enjoying the after feelings they talked about the first time they were with each other, how it was and how Colin had always worried about his 'strange feelings' thinking he was alone with them, that no other guy shared his feelings. 

He admitted, now they had know each other for a year or more, how he wondered what it would be like with another man, that Phil was the be all and end all now as far as he was concerned and, still feeling the warmth and strength of Phil deep inside, he whispered just how complete he felt with Phil - the way he teased too, like after one of their occasional 'rough fucks' Colin would get a bout of wind. He'd been pumped so hard "like a steam hammer you are sometimes!" that he was full of wind. And how he laughed when Phil talked about his time with a girl called Angela - how he gave her 'fanny farts' - "now that's an experience you should never miss, Boy" Phil said. He'd call him that sometimes, "Boy" and somehow that made for more sensual vibrations, but he corrected his partner by saying that how could he ever know about fanny farts because, unlike Phil, he was no bi and the thought of being with a girl just did nothing for him at all - not that way anyway!

"It was okay with her, Angela could never get enough of it and she was always a good fuck, but you are better Colin - no problems there, I am quite happy with you so don't worry."

"Do you know something, I don't feel there is a problem ever with you. I just want to be everything for you, you know that"

Phil looked mischievous, all he said was "Spanking" You always say you want to be all ass for me? You just don't know what you do to me when I watch the way you move in those very tight stimulating jeans, I have this urge to rub my face into you, sniff between your cheeks and give you the most wholesome sound spanking afterwards followed by a deep arousing fucking."

But Colin wasn't sure if he was being serious or not - about the spanking - going through his mind was what if he meant it, how would he feel about that.

"You have a great ass, Colin, you know that, it just asks for a sound spanking, across my knee is favourite, I shall be as gentle or as firm as you want me to be, he bent down beside him to take a sniff, kneading his hands over Colin's well defined buttocks - feeling his bulge in front, that soon made him juice and Phil knew it - " now across my knee and pronto!"

That was the first of several times he received a spanking, it bloody stung of course it did, but Phil found delight in doing it, releasing his tight jeans afterwards , pinning him on all fours, wrists and ankles handcuffed to the bed and having him bare backed fucked him deep thrusting against his still stinging and sore ass. It was something that really did arouse and make Phil so hot and randy and Colin was only too pleased to receive the benefit of it afterwards, feeling the pleasure of Phil's face plunging deep between his ass, sniffing, licking him and everything, It was all so worth while afterwards when Phil slowly pampered him with creams and baby oil, his busy fingers rimming and stretching, him, making him feel so good, making the pain mingle in to pleasurable sensations.

But then they started talking about when they met, how Phil initiated him, how he made him feel and realise his true sexual leaning, that very first time, when he was so shy as Phil stripped him, the way Phil unbuckled his belt, the way he unzipped his jeans and mastered his bulge which, despite the initial awkwardness, started to grow beneath his blue Calvin Kline shorts. Which by the way Phil admired as he rubbed the palm of his right hand over his bulge, now he was starting to go with it as he felt wild sensations spurring in his groin...

"Nice?" Phil asked.

Colin gulped, his mouth dry, this was so new and different, and to have someone else doing it other than yourself, that was wicked, absolutely wicked and he loved it so much. And then the first time he discovered just how sensual it was to be sucked like that, with so much fire and feeling, he was soon in another world - realising to something he could never have fantasised, that he could even have such thoughts as wanting to do the same with Phil and how would it be, He wouldn't have long to wait, in the meantime, stood there, legs wide apart, Phil kneeling between, he enjoyed a good ten minutes of intense mouth fucking, as if Phil was swallowing him balls and all, and he had an absolutely wondrous way of cupping and squeezing his firm balls every time he plunged cock into mouth, getting a deep throat experience, he was soon numb and well worked, Phil asking if he wanted him to finish him off.

He just nodded - he so wanted that, just Phil asking him if that's what he wanted was a real 'together' experience, a real wanted feeling that no one had ever matched, the feeling so superb, Phil lapping him up, teasing and tasting his very being, sucking cock and ass too, showing Colin how to ease down his buttocks across his face so that he could get a good taste of ass and cock and balls - how wonderful was that! Soon he was at a point of no return, Phil apparently aware of that as his hands squeezing and jerking him made him shoot so strong, and there he was, he looked down to see Phil's face covered in his glistening cream. And this was just the start, for next he was to be the one to do the sucking, and with Phil that would be a real challenge, Phil had no qualms about exposing himself fully and stating "well, there it is, for your pleasure and doing!" 

He was absolutely huge. "To tell you the truth I was really scared" Colin declared but you soon changed all that. "Just get the feel of him first," you calmed - " there's absolutely no panic, I can enjoy as much touching as you can give, just feeling and seeing you doing it is good, Now hold him by the base, squeeze and pull him right back, expose the head, right?"

Colin felt he was fumbling but then he really started to enjoy the experience, Phil's long thick cock jerking upwards every time he squeezed and then, stretching back tight the foreskin, he inhaled for the first time the scent of aroused cock, he felt the pliability of it which was really so nice to feel and touch, he loved the pungency of it like it wanted to explode in his hand, it started to feel so right and so good as he was perched there between Phil's thighs, Phil laid back on the settee as wide as you like giving absolutely full exposure - so supple and rigid, yet pliable, pressing, feeling it all over, balls too, he was cupping them like he was cupped, remembering the good feelings derived from that and wanting to return those good vibes back. All the time thinking, as he paused awhile, how ever was he going to take that inside, but Phil had already told him it would be easy, that it was all part of the thrill of first time togetherness. And of course there were the vibrators and dildo's too to get him right for his first fill of live cock fuck.

How would he take the plunge though, Phil was expecting action now, he was prompting Colin to take it in his mouth, and complimented him for being the best PT he had ever known, on noticing Colin's puzzled look he explained that PT meant prick teaser, that he was learning so fast. Meantime, Colin continued to feel and to take in the strong scent as he teased his p-hole by just rubbing his finger tips delicately around it, teasing the ledge around the head, getting it into his mind that he really wanted to do this .. "head first, close your eyes and go for it," Phil prompted looking really wanting. Now Colin knew he had to go for it, he realised all of a sudden he wanted to go for it, there it was jerking and throbbing frantically before him, he'd never seen a cock so huge and so frantic. Colin opened his mouth going closer and closer, getting the feeling of it against his lower lip, it felt good, soft and velvety, then the first taste of cock so thrilling and exiting, feeling the throb of Phil's really hot cock as he suddenly took it full into the mouth, tasting and feeling it contact his tongue which somehow instinctively started to roll around the orifice, poking the pee hole and hearing Phil moan that is was so good.

"Baby, just stroke it downwards as you suck, I love that?"

He felt good about being called baby, it seemed right and as he sucked, it was like Phil was growing even bigger, his cheeks puffed as he took the bulk of the head now, gradually easing the stalk deeper inside, Phil still moaning, words mingled with the moans, " go for it, baby, don't stop! don't stop, Please! Fuck me, fuck me fuck me!"

Of course Colin, his mouth stuffed with throbbing cock, was unable to reply, but he made sure his actions would replace words, taking deeper and deeper mouthfuls of him inside, learning how to suck him in different ways, different directions, with Phil presenting his cock higher by placing a cushion beneath him, now Colin was really starting to get the gist of oral pleasure, the smell, the taste and the feel of cock is an experience never forgotten. "Gonna cum in a minute" Phil yelled.

Colin heard him, but so completely taken in what he was doing he did not comprehend what was about to happen and when it did Phil lurched upwards with so much fire and zest that Colin felt almost the whole of his cock was buried in his throat. "A bit more, bit more, keep wanking like that as you suck, that's right, harder, harder OMG!!!" Phil was like a veritable animal then. 

Colin felt the spurt of hot liquid drench his mouth, he got the salty sticky taste of it, he sucked it, even swallowed some as it started to trickle down the side of his mouth. By now Phil was gasping, his face collapsing to one side as Colin, also exhausted ended up in a pile on the carpet, wiping his face with a handkerchief, this was just part of how it would be. When he decided to live with Phil he would be fucked nigh on every night and sometimes sin the day at weekends. In the privacy of their home he would walk around in tight boxer shorts, white ones, sometimes red to please Phil, then after he was fully initiated, they experimented with each other, the tying, stretching, the glorious riveting sixty -niners were always so stimulating, each emulating each other, the way they touched, the way they felt, sniffed and sucked each other to the full, each of them smothered by the other, each of them cuming so strong, then the full waterloo, perhaps the almost intimate thing lovers can do together, to compliment the oral fuck with a deep slow passionate kiss afterwards, mingling their love juices together, the taste, the smell of each other was a wondrous thing, something between lovers so strong that it could never ever be repugnant.

"I love you so much Phil and well forever be indebted to you for bringing out that very shy and scared lad into full sexual maturity.."

Phil smiled, took Phil hand, pulling him up then heading for the bedroom...