 This is the true story of my first man-to-man sex.

I had enlisted in the Navy, to get away from home and see what the world was about. Although I hadn't realized my feelings for the male sex at this time, the shower scene was always embarrassing. I would try my best to take a shower when no one else was around, shameful stirrings always tried to take over when around all those swinging cocks. Boot camp was not the best place to get caught with these feelings, no doubt. 

Boot camp passed, and was sent to several schools to learn the aviation trade. The atmosphere was more relaxed, but the showers were still striking fear in my heart. Had one older guy rub my cock when we out on the town, in a full van no less. Nothing happened for there were seven other people around us, and he only did it when the situation was dark. This sent me mixed signals, and made me so horny, I came gallons when I masturbated that night. Of course I denied all the hype and continued to seek out pussy, but the cock rubbing was real and stayed in my mind. Many jack off sessions came from this half assed encounter.

Graduated A school and was sent to Jacksonville Florida, assigned to a helicopter squadron. Everything was fine now, had more freedom to come and go as I pleased. At eighteen and never away from home before it was great, finally I am almost my own boss. Met a great bunch of guys (no gays) to party with almost around the clock, when not on duty of course.

One night with a three-day pass we all partied until it got late. I wanted to go into town and really party, but everyone else complained that it was too late. So I headed out by myself, walked the several miles to the bus stop and waited. And waited some more, because in my drunken stupor hadn't realized it was too late for the buses.

How long it was I have no idea, but an older gentleman in a delivery van pulled up and asked if I needed a ride. I said no will take the bus, he laughed and said that will be morning. He pointed at the bus schedule on the sign, after reading it agreed to the free ride. We left the bus stop and he was real nice, asking if I would like to have a couple of beers with him. I accepted and we hit a few bars talking all the time. He was recently divorced and lonely, and he made me feel real good. I actually liked the man, and we were getting along real good. He was buying the booze so that was a definite plus, although I tried to buy a couple of times.

Now we are in trouble he tells me, he is too drunk to drive very far and will have to get a hotel room. I am fucked, not knowing were I am not to mention no transportation. He told me to come with him till the buses run the next morning. I had come to trust him and with no other place to go, I accepted. 

I had to hide in back of the van while he got the room, cheaper he said. It was exciting to me, getting over on the hotel! We got into the room and there was only one bed, which should have made me suspicious. He explained that it was all he could afford since his bitch wife was getting all his money. I felt sorry for him and the way he was carrying on, and didn't even think about it anymore. 

He told me we could share the bed as it was big enough for both of us, and I got in after stripping down to my underwear as he did. I was under the covers watching the television completely relaxed, when I noticed movement on his side of the bed. I have beaten my meat of course, so it was very apparent what he was doing. I froze not knowing what to do (although my cock was getting hard) and stared at his hand moving under the cover. I was so engrossed by this that I hadn't noticed him staring at me, and believe you me I was totally still.

The covers slowly fell away from his hand and cock, until I was staring at his hard cock and balls being manipulated at his own hands. I could not move, but held my gaze on this beautiful sight. Man I was so horny now, but afraid to touch myself. So afraid that I hadn't even noticed he had moved every so slowly closer to my head. This was such a beautiful sight; he was so huge in comparison to me and glistening in the dim light coming from the bedside lamp in this room. I thought to myself, he is enjoying showing his big cock to me.

He even had his hand rubbing the back of my head, gently pulling me closer to his manhood. Not a word had been spoken so far, and was for the best I am sure. I looked up at him and he gave me a most reassuring smile, as he pulled my face into his cock. The smell was intoxicating and made my cock jump with excitement, and the feel of it on my face was soft yet hard at the same time.

He rubbed that meat all over my face, until I am sure my face glistened with the precum, which was oozing out of the big helmet head. His fingers were rubbing his cock and opening my mouth at the same time, obviously getting the head in my mouth. He started face fucking me and I was getting into it deeply, but having never given head before he pulled out and scolded me. I had no idea my teeth were hurting him; the first words spoken during this encounter were in anger. He calmed down and that gentle face appeared again, and instructed me on the use of my lips to protect him from my teeth. Now we were going and I was loving the attention and feel of this man, until he tensed up holding my head in place. His cock expanded and he got so excited, and he filled my mouth with his seed. Talking me through swallowing almost every drop, and kept me sucking it to keep it hard which I did.

Through all this excitement I now realized his hand was rubbing my back all the way down to my backside, as I was nursing my newfound friend. This man was insatiable, as his cock never totally went soft. He sits up and gives me the most soul-searching kiss, and makes me bend over on the bed.

Surprise again as he pulls my asscheeks open and tongues my virgin asshole, I am on fire for sure now and do not want it to stop. Stop it does though when he get me loose enough to finger, and my God how good the fingering was. I still and always will like to be fingered like a bitch.

That even came to an end to my dismay, and something more important took their place, a big hard cock looking for more relief inside a warm hot tunnel. Son of a bitch that hurt like a motherfucker, and did I try to get away. That was only the head he told me, and that I needed to relax. I was held by the midsection, with this big intruder evading my guts. True to form he talked me through what I that at that moment was the end of time, and got used to the head being in me.

Now he was pushing all of it into my bowels, which was still uncomfortable. I could not tell you when it began, but when it did I was on fire. His cock felt so good that at certain point he didn't have to move, I was a bitch in heat impaling myself on this beautiful cock, and loving every minute of it. I fucked myself to orgasm on his cock, and never once was mine touched by him or me. The bed sheets were soaked with my juices, which I collapsed into and passed smooth out.

Next morning he pulled me to the edge of the bed my head hanging over the edge, and face fucked me royally filling my mouth and throat with come. Fifteen minute later I setting at a bus top headed back to base.

Seen him one other time after that, when him and one of his friends raped me, but will be a new story.