 "This is nothing more than a fantasy of mine, a mind-gone-wild exercise. Those seeking a great work of written art should not expect more than that."

Well, so much for my thinking about sexy mid-late-50's Leslie and fucking that bagel. I originally fantasized about fucking into Leslie's tight little ass but instead, the rough, 60+ year old dirty janitor just fucked my ass, cummed in it, and pissed in it, too! I started out this photo assignment horny as usual but this time I ended up with someone else fucking me to get out his sexual aggression! 

That janitor, even though he had to be in his early to mid-60's, sure knew how to handle that cock of his. I wondered if he'd forced it into other unsuspecting assholes before; dumb question, of course he had done that. I have always had a fantasy of being forced to be someone's sex toy, now I guess I'm living out my fantasy with this dirty old janitor. His cock sure didn't seem like what I imagined a 60-year old cock would look like, or feel like. Not that I've given it much thought before; but now, hmm.. I liked the idea of being on the receiving end of an angry cock like that! I liked the thought of having turned this old pervert on so much that he wanted to fuck me and punish my tight asshole with his fat, old cock. There is only one thing that could make this even better..

That's when the door to the spa opened. Just as I had hoped, two more of his fellow janitors came into the room! One of them was even older, heavier, and more gruff and scraggly-looking with a 4-day beard and big, rough-looking arms and hands and a big jangling key chain on his belt. His shirt was untucked and he seemed heavier than the guy who had just cummed and pissed in me. He was older, too, I thought, maybe late-60's or early-70's I imagined. His forearms looked powerful and he had an old tattoo like he used to be in the Navy or something. I wondered what those hands could, and would, do to me.

The other guy was young, like upper-teenager young. He looked like he had just turned 18.001 years old and maybe was doing this as a summer job. I had the feeling that he was about to get some very strange on the job training. He was shorter, about 5'-6" or so and just looked like an average kid. 

It took them a few seconds to realize what they were seeing when they walked in on us; me lying on that table on my side with cum and piss oozing out of my freshly-fucked puckered little asshole, and their janitor buddy standing over me with his softening cock hanging out all dirty and full of my ass juice, and his own cum and piss. My ass cheeks were all red from being squeezed and spanked and pulled apart by the janitor's strong, rough hands.

The older one who had just walked in said, "Whoa, what have we here? You found one, Pete!"

The young guy didn't say anything at all, he just looked at my naked back, ass, and butt cheeks. His eyes were squinting and I could tell that he was thinking dirty thoughts, or at least I hoped that he was. I imagined him coming up behind me and just forcing his young cock up my asshole and fucking into me until he added his own load of hot, young guy cum up there. 

I didn't have to wait long, the older fat guy said to the young guy, "Troy, go and have a turn, it looks like Slim has opened up things for you. Let's see if you can fit that thing in this guy's hole." 

What did that mean? I found out soon enough as I saw this kid pull a fake looking cock out of his loose pants. Was that his real cock?! It was the biggest one I had ever seen! It hung down like a ring of bologna. Luckily, I knew that I could fit one of those up my ass. 

The kid started rubbing his soft cock head between my slippery, cum and piss-covered ass cheeks; rubbing, rubbing.. ahhhhh.. that felt so good. His soft but firm cock head was rubbing in-between my cheeks and up against my tender, puckered hole, almost making my legs twitch from the sensitivity of how he was working his big, fat cock around back there. His cock wasn't rock hard like the first guy's cock was, but it was firm enough, again, almost like a ring of bologna, that he started to push the head into my asshole! WOW, there was no way that was going to fit in my tight hole! 

I yelled, "Wait! That thing is too big for my poor little hole, there's no way it's going to fit up there!"

The older, fat guy said, "Keep going, Troy, let's see how much of that thing you can get up there, if any."

"Mmm.. uhhhhhhh.." Troy was trying to get his fat cock head to pop past my tight opening and because his cock wasn't rock hard, he was having a tough time pushing it in. I was trying to open my hole as much as I could, and by pushing back and grunting, I was also pushing out some cum and that made all the difference. 

POP, in his cock head went!

"Wow! Wow, wait, uuhhhhhhh.. oh man.. it's so big.. uhhhhh.." That's all that came out of my mouth, which is probably a good thing because the first guy was just about to force me to clean off his dirty cock all covered with cum, piss, and my own ass juice! 

"Mm..bbbbb.. whhhhubb.. bbb.." He was pressing that dirty thing in my mouth and I had no choice but to give it a good cleaning, up and down. I must have been doing too good of a job because this dirty old man was soon shooting a load of hot, dirty cum in my mouth. It was just as hot and sticky as the dirty cum I had just cleaned off of it, but to feel it shooting out in jets into the back of my throat made me even more horny.

Troy kept slowly inching his monster dick up my tight little asshole, and because of the softness of it, it really felt strange. A very, very, VERY good kind of strange. Like I was being filled up with an inflatable cock or something. It's hard to explain how much that fat, soft thing filled my anal cavity and how empty I felt when he pulled it out again. It felt like having a huge bowel movement and how that feels being stretched to the limit and then the empty feeling when it plops out. That's exactly what it felt like. No, it felt a hundred times better and sexier and more dirty than that did! 

He backed his dick out a bit and pushed it back in again, and did that several times. His cock head would just come out of my gaping hole and then he'd push it back in again until he was slowly fucking into my super tight little asshole. He was holding onto my right hip because I was still lying on my left side on that table with my ass hanging over the edge. His left hand was on his cock to make sure it didn't bend in half as he continued to ram it up into my poor little abused shit hole. He started speeding up a bit and before long his cock was hard enough that he could hold onto me with both hands and that's when he really started to bang into me! He was really slamming into me, packing the shit up my ass like crazy!

SLAM SLAM SLAM, in and out his cock went. How it fit in my tight little hole I'll never know but it did, and it felt great. He kept pistoning in and out of me like a machine until he was able to slide his whole cock into me and pull it all the way out and slam it back in again, bottoming out in me. I could feel his soft cock head hitting bottom and the incredibly empty feeling when his entire monster cock pulled out of my gaping hole. He had to have a dirty cock judging by how far that thing was slamming in my colon. Then, he'd slide it all the way in again, smashing against my sweaty, dirty ass cheeks with his stomach, somehow fitting that whole thing up my ass. 

This went on forever it seemed like, much longer then the first janitor lasted and Troy seemed to be really speeding up. He was spanking my ass at the same time, too. Where he learned that I'll never know, but I'm guessing he had quite an education with these two old perverts over the summer. Who knows how many asses and pussys and whatever else those guys were fucking into on a regular basis.

As soon as he started speeding up I knew the end was near. He stopped for a second and pulled his cock all the way out and held it for a second and then jammed just his cock head in my hole and unleashed the mother of all cum gushes! 

"MMMMMMMMMMMM.. AHHHHHHHHH!" 

That's all that came out of Troy's mouth. His hot cum shot into me like a hose. Like one of those porno movies where the huge gusher of cum shoots out and you just know it's got to be fake because there's SO much of it. Well, this time it was real because it was filling up my colon like I've never been filled up before! What a feeling to have that hot, thick sperm shooting up into my ass as I'm lying there helpless being used by these dirty janitors! 

He couldn't keep it all in me and some of it was squishing out, there was just too much of it. I couldn't wait to clean off that dirty, fat monster cock all full of my ass juice and their hot cum and piss! I hoped I'd get the chance to do that before they moved me or did something else to me. He finally quit spraying my insides and pulled his cockhead out and cum just shot out of my little asshole like a jet! 

"Hey, keep that in there." 

The older fat guy stuck his hand over my asshole with his fingers pressed into a cone shape to try to keep it in there but it kept coming out. There was no way it was staying in me, it was like getting a cum enema and trying to hold it in was useless, there was too much in there and the pressure was too great. 

It didn't take long for the first guy to jam his freshly-cleaned cock in my ass again and start hammering me but good. I mean he pounded into my ass like the world was ending. Troy had come over to the other side of the table and slopped his monster cock on my face and before too long I had him sparkling clean, which also had him semi-hard again, so those two took turns on my ass and mouth, switching back and forth. Wow, what a feeling to go from that HUGE soft cock to the other regular-sized one. 

I had so much cum and piss in my ass and mouth that I would be sloshing it out and tasting it for a week. Troy was a monster pisser, too. He drilled so much hot piss up my ass that I thought it would come out of my nose. Good thing these guys were janitors, they'll need to clean up this room before the end of the weekend.

The other older guy didn't join in at all, he just spanked me a little in-between the other two fucking me, and said some dirty, nasty things to me, about what he was going to do to me and what they had planned for me after this. I couldn't wait to find out what that was. 

He said, "Hey, let's take this guy to..."..