 Ok, last Tuesday I was out at a pub up in town, watching a football match. The team I had supported my whole life was on, and I enjoyed taking the opportunity after to work to go down and have a beer or two before heading home. So I got a pint, and sat down at a table that gave me a good view of the screen and began to unwind after my day at work. The job I was in wasn't much fun, but it was the first one that I had been offered since finishing at university, and I needed money, otherwise I'd have to move in back home. I was also kind of frustrated, as I hadn't had a lot of action in the last few weeks. At university I'd be out most nights and it was pretty easy to get laid.

Bearing this in mind, I had noticed the rather cute hunk who was sat on the other side of the room. He must have been in his late thirties or early forties, but was definitely a fitty, nicely tanned, plenty of stubble, curly dark hair etc. I looked at him for a few seconds, but turned away as he looked round, embarrassingly I felt my face turning bright red. However the game started and I continued sipping my drink. Half way through the first half I chanced another look at my dark stallion, but had to quickly glance away as he was staring at me. Shit, I thought to my self, why's he looking at me? Feeling slightly unnerved I decided not to look in his direction again. 

However, as I finished my pint, I was tapped on the shoulder. It was him.

"Hey bud, do you mind if I sit here, can't see the TV from over there"

Stammering, I weakly replied "N-n-no, sure thing I'm not using that chair"

"Cool. Say, you finished you're drink, mind if I get a round in?"

"Er, ok, yeah, that'd be great, just make sure you remind me to get you one in return". I could feel myself sweating as he walked off to the bar. He had a sexy deep voice, and looked even better from up close. Fuck, I thought, why am I getting so worked up, he's just a guy watching football in a pub and could probably do with some company.

So he came back with two pints, and we watched the rest of the first half. We chatted and I found out he worked as a carpenter in the local area, I told him about myself, which made me realise how dull my life was at the moment. He was actually 37, and recently divorced from his wife. He'd actually been born in Spain, which explained his dark looks, but had lived most of his life over here. So basically it was a rather boring conversation, typical of many forced conversations between two single men brought together by football in pubs across the nation. However out of the blue he murmured;

"You know, this game's kind of dull. What do you say you come back to mine, have a few beers and see if we could find something more interesting to do?"

I couldn't believe it. Earlier I'd thought this guy was pretty hot, but I never imagined he'd come on to me. But wait, was he? How'd he know I was gay? This was a normal pub, I was watching football, how strange? But then, why not, I couldn't be sure if he was actually coming on to me, and besides so what if he was, I hadn't been fucked in ages, so why not see where this goes?

"Sure, sounds like a good plan to me", so I picked up my jacket and followed him out of the door.

His place was about five minutes away, in a flat not far from the train station. It was a bit better than my flat, and he'd mentioned that he'd had to move in here after he'd left his wife. His workshop was next to the station, so it was great for work, and not being far from the centre of town, he was able to get out more now than when he'd been married.

Once in the door I asked "so, what did you have in mind?"

At this he turned round undid his flies and allowed his limp dick to hang out. Thick black curly hair surrounded his dick as it dangled out of his trousers. I felt my asshole tingle.

"You reckon you want to play with this, bitch?"

I didn't think about the insult, and I guess the drool coming out of my mouth gave him an appropriate answer. Within moments his tongue was in my mouth, and my hand was wrapped around his cock. As we kissed I felt the first stirrings of his erection as I tugged at his cock. He led me through to his bedroom and pushed me onto his bed. He pulled his shirt over his head, revealing his gorgeously hairy chest.

"Strip" he commanded, and frantically pulled at my shirt buttons, then undid my belt. Seconds later I threw my socks and underwear into the corner, and sat on his bed, completely naked. Already my cock was pretty hard, and I was shaking with excitement.

"Boy, that was quick. I thought you looked like a good little slut when I saw you staring at me sucking you're fingers, you young ones give the game away so quickly. Anyway, you're not doing much good there, come and feast on this".

So I got on my hands and knees and crawled over to him, kneeling in front of my stallion. I pulled down his trousers and he stepped out of them. As with the rest of his body, his legs were covered in a thick layer of black hair. Southern Europeans were really quite hairy. Once again I took his cock in my hands, and lifting it up kissed his balls, before placing the limp dick in my mouth. Gradually it hardened and I was able to move my mouth up down. I really enjoy giving sloppy blowjobs, and brought up as much spit as possible. Spitting on my hand, I then grabbed his cock and tugged up and down, spreading my saliva over his meat. A nice white slither of juice covered his dick, and I put my lips around the end of it. I could smell his sweat, and taste his precum as it leaked out. I slowly lowered my head down around his shaft until my nose was touching his pubes. I repeated this several times, quite slowly, and noticed that his erection was still increasing in size. I took it out of my mouth again, and tugged at it with my hand. It was definitely bigger, around eight inches I'd say, and looked beautifully hard, covered in the juices from my mouth, which had edged down into his thick pubic bush. 

Once again I put my lips around the end of his cock, and began sucking, moving further and further down. I could hear my stallion begin to breathe heavily. As I reached my mouth down his cock about two-thirds of the way, he grabbed the back of my head and pushed it down. My lips touched the base of his dick, and his pubes were rubbing against me. The smell was really turning me on, and I gagged, bringing up more saliva. He allowed my head to move back up his cock again, before pushing it back down, and he did this several times, thrusting into my mouth. The slurping noise was so loud, and I could feel spit running down my chin. With my left hand I reached down to my own dick, and began to tug at it.

"Well, if you're gonna start doing that, then perhaps it is time to move on", so the stallion pulled me up, and pushed me onto his bed. "Well boy, are you going to show me that nice pussy of yours?"

So lying on my back I obediently spread my legs, grabbed my heels and pulled my legs back so that my knees were level with my shoulders. My erect cock, already dribbling, rested against my belly button, leaving my asshole raised a few inches above the bed. Despite being naked in front of a complete stranger, and being in such an exposed position I didn't feel at all worried.

"No not that way bitch, get on your knees, stick your pussy in the air, face on the bed and arch your back."

So I rolled over and complied with his request, feeling a little bit more exposed now though, as I couldn't see what he was doing.

"Well you're a filthy little slut aren't you, completely shaved to make it easier all those big dicks you take?"

Well, I couldn't deny it. I had shaved my cock and arse completely bare. I thought it looked much better, and always imagined it made anal sex much easier. I felt his fingers prod my asshole, and I could feel it begin to relax. He reached over to his side cabinet and took out some lubricant.

"Don't worry bitch, I wouldn't fuck you dry, although by the looks of it you're already pretty wet down there."

He poured some lubricant on top of my arse and it felt so cool as it trickled down my crack. One of his fingers gently circled around the entrance as he spread the lubricant around. Then he slowly pushed it in and up inside me. Immediately I let out a small groan of pleasure, and reached down to my dick, rubbing the end into the bed covers. His finger came out and he started circling with two fingers. Both entered me, and he slowly pushed them in. Oh it felt good. As I mentioned earlier, I hadn't been fucked by a real cock for a while, I'd had to make do with my small collection of dildo's, but this was great.

"Hey slut, you're really clean, don't you eat?"

Slightly confused, I only understood when he showed me two of his fingers. They were clearly smeared with jelly, but he was right, apart from that they were clean. Well, I hadn't had much to eat today. And so he went back to circling around my anus, this time with three fingers. And slowly he pushed all three fingers into me. This time he went further in, right up to his knuckles. He continued, up and down, up and down, ensuring that my asshole was gradually getting looser and looser. Then he stopped.

"So bitch, are you ready to get fucked in your pussy?"

Well, what could I say? "You bet, I want you to fuck me good"

"Oh you dirty little slut, I'm gonna fuck you real good"

And at this I felt his bulging cock head press against the top of my arse. Slowly it lowed down the top of my crack, scooping up lubricant, before pressing down into my asshole. It entered. My God it felt good. At this I stopped tugging my own cock and rested the top of my head on my hands. Looking back I could see my cock staring at me, and behind that I could see the bottom of my stallions balls, in all its hairy glory. He slid his hands over my back, before grabbing my waist. With this he pushed and I groaned as he thrust his cock deep into me. Slowly he pulled back and I could feel his dick sliding out of my anal passage. For the next few thrusts I remained completely still, with small groans, however on the fifth thrust he slapped my right buttock, and this spurred me into action. As he thrust into me, I pushed back, until I could feel my bottom pressing against his stomach. All eight inches of his magnificent dick were inside me. I stopped momentarily and enjoyed the feeling of being fully filled.

I raised my head and groaned with pleasure as he began to thrust harder and harder. He pulled his dick almost completely out before ramming it back in again. I loved this and could feel my own cock stiffening harder and harder. As I rolled myself backwards my cock slapped against my belly. I grabbed it at the base and shook it backwards and forwards, slapping it against the bed as well as against my belly. Behind me the stallion grunted, pushing faster and faster, harder and harder. Then he pulled his cock out, and suddenly I felt very empty. He pushed two fingers into my pulsating anus, which then clamped around them. I heard him spit, and felt it land in my crack.

"Well, you have a pretty tight pussy for a whore, turn around and worship my dick for a bit".

So dutifully I turned around, remaining in the doggy position, but facing the stallion, staring at his cock. He bent over slightly, putting two of his fingers back into my asshole, and gently pushing them in and out. He edged his cock towards my mouth, and naturally I took it in. God it tasted so warm. Obviously it was all sticky with the lubricant and my saliva, to which I added more. As I moved up and down on his dick, he thrust into my mouth until I was gagging again.

"Right this time on your back, spread those pretty little legs as far as possible".

Well it goes without saying that I complied. Once more I was on my back. My legs were spread, although this time I hadn't pulled my knees back, they were just sticking outwards. I rested on my elbows, and lifted my head, looking up into his eyes.

"Right, this time bitch, talk dirty, I like dirty little sluts who beg to get fucked"

So I took the hint. "Come on big boy, I want that massive dick of yours to fill my arse, go on ram that cock all the way in that warm hole of mine, I want to be fucked like a whore."

He pressed his cock head against my arse, my toes curled, and as he entered I let my head fall back onto the bed as a wave of pleasure caressed my body. I put my hands around his back and pulled him deeper into me. Harder and harder he thrust, and all I could do was gently push back against him. I spread my legs wider apart, before putting my elbows behind me knees, forcing them back towards my shoulders and grabbing my toes in order to pull my legs back as far as possible. Like this my throbbing erect cock was only inches away from my face, oozing precum onto my belly. More importantly I could see the stallions cock as he pulled it inch by inch out of my asshole before ramming it back in. This was pure ecstasy. I moved my hands to spread my asshole further apart, but the stallion stopped me.

"Don't worry about that bitch, its wide enough to take it all at the moment." It certainly was, as it took his eight inches all the way up. "No, you just jerk yourself off for me, go on, bitch".

"Oh you're fucking me real good. Do you like me wanking myself? Do you want to see me cum all over myself? Well fuck me harder".

He was breathing heavier and heavier. I reckoned he was nearly done, and as I stroked my cock I knew I was about to explode too. Then it happened. I sighed with pleasure as cum squirted out of my cock and onto my chest. It was brilliant; I could feel my balls emptying as I came on myself. With this, my asshole tightened, which must have pushed my stallion over the edge. He stopped pushing and groaned as he released his sperm inside me. I could feel him cumming inside me. This was wonderful; I laid back and looked at the ceiling, pleased with how well I had done. It was always felt good to bring another man to orgasm, and it felt even better to have them blow their seed deep inside of you. I envied all those women who got fucked by their lovers yet didn't enjoy it. I loved being fucked, indeed it was what I lived for. My dick became limp, ad I could feel the stallion softening inside me. He pulled his dick out of my arse and slapped my bum.

"Well bitch, that was better than football wasn't it? Fancy a beer".

I nodded, and as he walked out of the room I savoured the wonderful sensation as I felt his sperm slowly edge its way out of my 'pussy'.