 I was feeling bored one night so I decided to go to a popular club (not gay) close to where I lived. I wore my tight jeans that reveled by bubble butt and jock lines and a skintight t-shirt. 

As usual it was packed out. Great live music, people were dancing, drinking, eating, and laughing. I worked my way through the crowd to the bar ordered my drink, found a stool at the far end of the bar and sat down.

After about an hour or so I noticed a really tall man approach the bar close to where I was sitting and order drinks. While he was waiting to be served he looked at me smiling and said in a thick German accent, "You alone tonight."

"Yes I am," I said. He said that he and his friends were visiting the city and enjoyed every bit of it. We made small talk about this and that. 

His drink order arrived and as he picked the tray up he asked me to join him and his friends at their booth if I liked. So I did.

There were six of them in the open booth now seven with me. All of them were either in the late fifties or sixties. I sat between two of them and Klaussner the guy that invited me. It was a tight squeeze and they seemed to be pleasantly drunk.

One of them asked me if I was looking to pick up a girl for the night. I laughed that I was not and asked them if they were. Vern the guy that was sitting to my right said no that they were not looking for women. They all laughed. 

I felt him place his hand on my thigh as he said. "We are looking for cute young men like you." More laughter. "Hope we didn't offend you" the guy across the booth said as he reached out and touched my hand squeezing it gently. Another poured me a drink.

I must confess that my cock was hard by this time. Fuck is this really happening? They were trying to pick me up not that I minded at all but six of them?

Klaussner and Vern were both feeling my thighs through my tight jeans. "You like it?" Before I could answer Vern said, "He does I noticed his cock getting hard." Oh shit! That's what happens when you wear tight jeans.

"You like being fucked by men don't you? We know because you've not tried to get up and leave our booth" a guy from the opposite side of the booth said. 

I said that I did but had not been fucked by so many at the same time. The most was three cocks tag team in my mouth and ass. 

"You don't have to take all our cocks tonight. We are here for three more days and we can spread it out if you like" someone said. 

I was too fucking drunk to think straight. My cock was hard and had per cum and my ass was tingling with lust for cock. I agreed.

"Would you like to come to our hotel tonight. We could have a few more drinks, watch a movie and see how it goes." With that they all stood up and I with them. So I was going to their hotel.

Three of them travelled with me in my car and the other took a taxi. They had rented a very nice large apartment by the beach with three rooms and a large dining and living area with a large TV. There was a king size bed in the living room which I though was strange until a few hours later.

We drank some more and they put on a gay DVD on the large screen of this guy being fucked in a sling by several other men. Oh fuck this is what they wanted!

Half way through the movie, one of them said, "Stand up and model for us." I did as I was told. They were all seated.

They commented on my ass through the tight jeans and the jock line that it showed. "If you didn't like to be fucked by men you wouldn't wear skintight jeans that revealed you cute ass." More laughter. Someone reached out as I walked pass him and spanked my ass saying something in German. 

Someone else asked me to take off my t-shirt, and it went on till I was standing in my jock straps. They had taken off the cloths and were in their briefs and boxers. 

Vern, he looked the oldest of the group, took his cock out and asked me to come kneel between his legs and suck him. I obeyed. He had a 7½ inch uncut cock. He pulled back his foreskin and asked me to lick his dick head. His pre cum tasted sweet. He gently put his hand behind my heard and pulled it into his crotch pushing more of his cock in my mouth.

The others still seated had taken their cocks out and were jerking as the watched me. "Come suck all our cock like a good boy." So I went kneeling between their legs sucking, licking and tasting their cocks and pre cum of different sizes and shapes. 

I must have been drunk with more than scotch to agree to this. I was drunk with lust for mature men's cocks.

One of them asked me to get up on the bed that was in the middle of the living room. "You can't all fuck me tonight - right," I said as I walked and got on to the bed lay on my back. "Yes, yes" we wont came the answer.

Three of them got on the bed with me. "You like this don't you slut." I closed my eyes and moaned that I did as someone pulled my cock out of my jocks and started sucking it. 

Vern started kissing my lips. "You've got beautiful red lips." The other guys sucked and played with my nipples while the rest stood around the bed jerking. 

My moaning grew louder. Fuck what had I got myself into. I was enjoying every moment though.

"Turn round and lay on my tummy show us the hungry ass." I did as I was told. Someone sat at the head of the bed spread his legs gently lifting my head and guiding his cock into my mouth. 

Someone else took off my jocks kissing and licking my ass cheeks and between and the back of my thighs spanking me lightly. A pair of hands spread out my ass cheeks and a tongue started licking the outside of my slut hole and then probing it - tongue and figures.

I was mounted from behind and felt a cock rubbing between my legs from my calf's slowly moving up to my knees and thighs. As he came up to the V of my thighs he pushed his cock between my legs and began to fuck my thighs. 

From slow movements he went harder and faster until he came between my thighs. Oh fuck what a feeling - cum between my thighs. He got off me.

I was so drunk with lust that I didn't realize that Vern, whose cock I was sucking had got up and someone else had taken his place. This guy was fucking my face slowly but driving deep into my throat. 

"Get on you hands and knees and lift you cute slut ass high." Again I did as I was asked to. I like submitting my mouth, ass and body to older men to use for their pleasure. 

While another cock was put in my mouth I felt someone lube my tight ass hole and finger fucking. "Just getting your tight male pussy ready for daddies cock." 

And with that a cock was placed at the opening of my hole. Oh fuck it felt like it had a big head. Whoever it was kept pushing it trying to penetrate me. More lube and fingering and he entered my. 

It hurt as he forced himself into my cock hungry cum hole but after a while it disappeared as the sheer pleasure of having an older mans cock in me does. He grunted and called me dirty names as he dominated me with his big body laying on to of my back and his big cock pounding my ass. 

I couldn't suck cock while he was fucking my ass so the guy sited at the head of the bed just kept rubbing his cock and balls on my face and slapping my face with it. They guys that was using my ass grunted loudly and he thrust into my and squirted his cum inside me. 

No sooner had he pulled out of me I felt a mouth on my ass licking out the cum that had started to drip out. Someone asked to get on my back again. The guys that had suck out the cum from my ass mounted me ands started kissing me giving me the cum that was in his mouth. 

He kept rubbing his cock on my cock while we kissed. Then he looked in my eyes and asked me if I wanted to be his bitch. I said I wanted to be his bitch and much more. He sucked my breasts moved down to my belly kissing - fuck my cock could hold back any more I came all over my pubes inner thighs. 

He licked off my cum saying it tasted nice. He spread my legs and licked in between, my balls. Then he moved up to me asking me to lift my legs up in the air. He grabbed my legs pushed them back till my hungry cum hold was exposed for his use. He drove his cock into me and fucked my hard and came quickly.

This guy asked me to get my jock strap on again and go stand against the wall - face against the wall. He walked up behind and started rubbing his cock between my ass cheeks. Licking my neck, tonguing my ears, arms around my squeezing my nipples and cock and balls.

"Come with us to Germany darling" we could put you to good use in the club we go to in Frankfurt." I thanked him for his invitation saying I'll think about it.

He lifted my hands over my head placing it on the wall. "Keep your hands up there whore." 

He shoved his cock pass my ass cheeks into my waiting hole and fucked me hard. He reached up and placed his hands over mine, putting his tongue in my ears whispering something in German. 

"I'm going to cum" he said pulling his cock out of me and asked me to turn round and kneel down. 

He asked me to look up into his eyes and open my mouth. He wanked and squirt cum in my open mouth and face. "Lick me dry boy." I gladly obeyed. 

By this time I was too tired to be a sex toy for these nice daddies. So I said that I've had enough for the night. They agreed and asked me if I would come back tomorrow evening. "I'd love to" I said.

"Well those who used this sluts holes today cant tomorrow." We all laughed.