 I married a girl 5 years older than me. We met at university and got married two years later. By then I had proven that I wasn't going to manage a degree whereas Pauline had her Masters and a very good job. Pauline has a gay friend, Rick who she has known for ever and he is equally as successful and a few years ahead of her on the fast track. They used to be lovers and Rick jokes that when she left she broke his heart so badly he turned gay. She says that him sleeping with other men was what caused their breakup. However, what they have now is a very tight friendship. 

Rick is suave, fun and with his tall handsome looks never fails to have a new boy on his arm, usually a decade younger than him, closer to my age than his. When we tease him about the revolving door in his love life he often replies, jokingly, that he would have settled down long ago with the boy he really wanted if Pauline hadn't hooked me first. Just his way of telling us to shut up.

Last summer we called in to see him on our way through town. He had just returned from a lavish vacation in southern Europe and wanted to show us his pictures. He had a lot of photos, mostly taken by Martin, his latest squeeze who had a camera in his hand almost all of the time. We had wine and lunch as we looked at the photos and listened to his entertaining tales of their three weeks of culture and debauchery in the hot Mediterranean sun. 

Lunch spilled into and afternoon lazing by the pool after Rick gave us gifts from his travels - a necklace and skimpy thong bikini for Pauline and a pair of skimpy swim trunks and an anklet for me. I was very self-conscious as I modelled my gifts for him, the trunks were more like a pair of girls boy-short panties than swim shorts, not something I would be wearing in public! Pauline didn't seem at all abashed when she modelled the pink thong bikini, giving us all a full display of her sexy ass as she twirled and then her gorgeous cleavage which cradled the heart amulet on the necklace perfect. Once the initial excitement died down we lay in the sun and the pool for the rest of the afternoon, drinking and chatting

An invitation card arrived a few days after we got home. It was for Rick's birthday party which he always made a flamboyant affair, it included a photo that Martin had taken just as Rick was saying his goodbyes to us by the pool. Rick was in the middle, standing tall and handsome in his suit. Pauline was standing on his left in her bikini with the robe sexily drooping from her shoulders, lots of gorgeous tanned skin and cleavage showing. She was snuggling up to him with look of adoration in her eyes. I was sitting on his right, naked but for the skimpy pink swim trunks. He had his hand on my shoulder in a proprietorial way and the look on my face was incredibly submissive.

Pauline roared with laughter. "Oh how funny! Typical of Rick to pick this outrageous photo of the three of us. What a hoot.!"

She just found it hysterical, giggled about it for a while as we were preparing dinner. Then she sat down at the table to eat and read the note with it, then looked at the photo again. 

Her eyes widened. "Ohhhh! No! Does he have a hard-on?" She asked with glee. "And it's right beside your face! Ohhh what a hoot!"

Later that evening we had sex, deliciously slow sensual sex. Pauline came twice before I did and then rode me to my climax. She looked down and started taunting me about the photo and how I looked like Rick's bitch and how I was looking hungrily at his cock. She taunted me about how she would fantasize about me sucking his cock for weeks now. I came in a torrent, just the thought made me lose all control. 

Pauline grinned widely as she switched off the light a few minutes later. "Sweet dreams!" she said with a knowing wink.

That photo and its insinuation made for some hot fantasy sex for several nights after that but eventually life carried it away. Two months later though, we were back at Rick's for his birthday party. No sign of Martin this time, apparently he had just been another passing fancy. There were more than thirty people for the evening and people were drifting through the house admiring his art and decor. As usual at Rick's parties at least half of the people there were gay men and I got a lot of attention, both conversational and physical. People touched me while they spoke to me, several guys stroked my ass and two men even gave me their phone numbers. It was unusual even for that friendly crowd. Some guys were smoking pot and passing it around and I got my share as well as plenty of wine. By the time everyone had left, I was buzzed, feeling foggy but sensually horny. Pauline asked me to fetch our bags from the car and when I returned she and Rick were gone from the living room.

When I came through the door into the master bedroom, they were both standing looking at a huge framed canvas on the wall. Pauline looked delightedly shocked, Rick was smirking.

Pauline looked at me with childish glee then nodded at the picture on the wall and giggled. "No wonder you were the Belle of the Ball, everyone wanted some of Rick's bitch!"

The photo of the three of us by the pool that summers day was blown up to poster size. It was huge. The robe Pauline wore over her shoulders had been coloured a little to make it look more like an evening gown. She still looked up at Rick adoringly. Rick still looked elegant in his fine suit and tie and he was still resting his hand on my shoulder in such a way that he looked like he was controlling me. He still had that unmistakably large swelling in his pants and I was still there looking meek and submissively up at him wearing nothing but the pink girlie shorts. What had been added was a collar around my neck. The image was incredibly striking, incredibly erotic. It was also very obviously Pauline and me with Rick and not at all obvious that someone had photo shopped the image. 

My first reaction was an erotic thrill at the perversity of the image. My second was a terrible realization that everyone who had been in the house that day had seen the picture, all those knowing looks and playful touches had been about this, they all considered me to be Rick's submissive plaything.

Pauline gave a whoop of glee. "Darling it looks wonderful, how deliciously erotic! And right over your bed, you naughty man!"

I felt completely humiliated when Rick turned to me and said with a smirk: "Rick's bitch! I like the sound of that, how about you, hot pants?"

I turned crimson and stuttered trying to come up with a clever reply. My mind was a blank. He walked out of the room, trailing his hand across my ass as he passed.

"I love how timid you get round Rick, it's like you are already his bitch without knowing it! It makes me horny! Let's go to bed." She hugged me close.

Ten minutes later we were getting hot and heavy. I was feeling pretty confused and very horny but I couldn't get hard.

"Too much pot, sweetheart!" Pauline smirked. "Fortunately you still have that talented tongue! You don't need anything else to be my bitch!"

"I think I prefer being your bitch than Rick's." I said kissing my way down her sexy body.

"Don't knock what you haven't tried!" She teased. "Besides, I can do what I please with my bitch. I could choose to loan you to Rick." 

I pressed my lips to her crotch, my mind racing to the deliciously dominant words. 

"Mmmmmm, this is going to be good. I get to look at that big poster while you eat me."

I began to slip her panties down her hips. She lifted to let me. When I got them off she said: "Lick the crotch, lick my pussy juice off them, bitch."

I fell easily into the role. Licking the sticky juices off the panties. Loving the taste of her pussy.

"Now, put them on. I want my bitch to eat me wearing my panties!" She grinned, plumping up the pillows before reclining back into them. Something was uncomfortable and she pulled it out from under her shoulder. "Perfect!" She giggled. "Put this on too!" She grinned tossing me a black leather collar. "Trust Rick to have a slave collar under his pillow!"

I did as she wished, thrilling to the feeling of the lace and satin on my body and the restrictive feel of the collar as she knew I would. Then I lowered my face to the fragrant luscious treat between her legs, feasting on the delightful folds and juices that hid her pleasure. Lapping at the hard nub of her clit until her body began to writhe in unquenched desire.

"Oh yesssss!" She gasped, grinding her crotch up into my face "I can just imagine you licking my pussy with your cute ass up in the air and your big strong master holding your hips as he fucks you with his big hard dick. Oh, fuck, that would be so hot! Wouldn't you like that, baby, to be licking me while your master takes his pleasure in your ass?"

"Mmmmmm!" I moaned my assent into her boiling sex, greedily tonguing her clit.

"Oh, Baby, wiggle that sexy ass for your master and me. Show him you're his bitch too!"

I did, I pushed my ass back and up as if offering it to an unseen lover, never taking my tongue from her pussy, listening to her groans of approving lust. She pulled my hand up under her top to tug at her distended nipples.

"Oh, fuck yeah, bitch. Make me cum!" She groaned lustily, her hand coming down to push me herder into her pussy. 

I could feel the jolts of pleasure coursing through her and looked up to watch her face, the most sexual thing of all, the look of wanton desire as she is cumming. She was wracked with pleasure, her back arched, her lips parted in an O of orgasm and her face turned to the doorway where Rick stood watching us, stroking his hard cock. 

I was stunned, shocked. My first impulse was to stop and cover up, but she felt my surprise and gripped my head to her pussy even tighter, crying out in desperate lust on the edge of orgasm. "Fuck! Don't stop, bitch! Make me cum! Don't fucking stop!"

And I obeyed, flicking my tongue across her clit feverishly as I watched her feasting her eyes on Rick's hard cock. My own arousal was waking up from its slumber and I felt my cock straining inside the lacy fabric of the panties. The taste of her pussy and the raw sexuality of the situation I was in tormenting me.

She moaned and gasped: "Yesssss, that's it bitch! Yeah, good bitch yesssssssssss fuuuuuuuck!" And she came in a withing mass of pleasure, her orgasm rushing through her like a bolt as she gripped my head tightly crushing her pussy up into my mouth.

Her other hand came down and gripped my head, lifting my face like and addict from her gorgeous pussy. I looked up at her then at Rick's hard cock. "Suck him for me, Baby! It will be so hot! Come on, you know deep inside you want to! Suck him for me! I'm so fucking horny, I can't bear it! I want to see you suck his big hard dick!" 

She pulled up on my collar a little and I lifted, my mind in a turmoil. Yes, I did want it, but I was too afraid to admit it. My indecision was my downfall because Rick moved to the side of the bed and reached over, his hand joined her's on my collar and they pulled me over to him. I didn't resist, I wanted it, but some small voice in me needed to be made to do it. He held me in place with the hand on my collar while he held his cock with the other, rubbing the head teasingly across my lips. He was slick with precum and almost without thinking I slipped out my tongue to taste it. I heard a lustful moan of appreciation from Pauline and then another from Rick when I opened my mouth to accept the head of his gorgeous cock. 

"Oh, fuck, yesss! That's so hot, that's so fucking hot!" Pauline moaned breathlessly. 

"Mmmmm, that's it! You just take your time sweetie. Enjoy yourself with my cock, we've got all night." Rick purred.

I did exactly that. Once his cock was in my mouth I abandoned my restraint and focused entirely on it. I had fantasized about this for so long that I reveled in it. I explored him with my lips and tongue, savoring every taste, every sensation, every feeling and every response he gave me. I took him as deep as I could and teased my throat with the idea of taking the hot fat head deeper. I pulled back and enjoyed playing with the sensitive head with my lips and tongue. Everything I did elicited moans of appreciation from him and delight from Pauline. Her hands were all over me, in my hair urging me on my back and neck and arms and legs, stoking and caressing and grinding herself against me. She concentrated on my legs for a long time leaving them feeling strangely sensual. Then she ran her hands all over my ass and between my legs to my cock and balls. The sensitivity of my skin heightened by the covering of lace and the tight confinement of my now fully engorged flesh. 

"Mmmmmm. Welcome to the party!" She giggled, squeezing the shaft in her hand and stroking slowly. "Nice to know that you are enjoying yourself!"

Rick chuckled and dropped down onto the bed, lying back onto the pillows as Pauline had been earlier. He kept my mouth in place on his cock with his grip on my collar but it was unnecessary, I was as willing and eager to please him by that point as any of the young men he had conquered in his life. I did notice that the sensual feeling on my legs was caused by a pair of stockings that Pauline put on me in all the stroking and caressing she was giving me. They felt smooth and sleek on my legs and I was so aroused that even the realization that I was dressed in lingerie sent a shiver of lust through me. I greedily worked on Rick's cock kissing and licking the entire shaft before taking it back between my lips. I cupped and fondled his balls in one hand whilst the other caressed his taught stomach and thighs as I knelt and worshipped his rock hard cock with my mouth. I was in heaven, the gloriously slutty side of my personality flowering like never before. 

"Ohhh, yeah, baby. You are such a great cock sucker." Pauline purred into my ear as she came to kneel beside me. Her hand slipped under me and stroked along the length of my cock inside the lacey panties. Desperate shivers of desire swept through me and I writhed down onto her hand to increase the pressure and seek some release. 

She swatted my ass sharply. "Keep your ass in the air, I'm sure Rick likes to see that pretty thing as much as I do!"

"Yes, wiggle that sexy little tush for me." Rick goaded, humor in his voice. 

I rotated my ass a little for him, imitating a slow fuck and I looked up at him. He grinned. "You like being my bitch, don't you! Your mouth full of hard cock, your pretty ass in the air!"

I moaned my reply on his cock and dropped down onto it as far as I could, feverishly taking long deep strokes of his meaty shaft.

He groaned and his eyes narrowed with lust. "Fuck yeah. Suck my cock bitch. Suck me deep like the greedy little slut you are!"

Pauline had a hand on my ass, stroking and caressing the heat where she had slapped me. Her other hand was still busy gently caressing my cock. Now her fingers delved under the panties down the crack of my ass and fingered my tight little puckered hole. Somewhere inside my fevered mind this registered as a sign of further depravity to come but the quiet warning was lost in the hot lust filled sensuality of being a plaything for these two sexy dominants. 

One of her slick fingers probed against my hole until it opened up and allowed entry. The sensation was raw and very intense. I groaned on Rick's cock as she slowly stroked in and out. One of his hands came down to hold my head down and he began to thrust up into my mouth, meeting my greedily slurping lips. Pauline added another finger and began to rhythmically fuck me as her hand caressed my cock. Rick's thrusting became more intense and I was moaning with rising need for release. I rocked my hips back onto her fingers, trying to get more and intensifying the feeling. 

I felt Rick's cock swell and jump in my mouth and his kinky assault on my ears and mind was replaced by a deep groan of orgasmic release. He held my head in both hands as he jabbed his hips up into my face, his cock spitting jets of hot cum against the back of my mouth. Moaning: "Yessss, you gorgeous little slut, yessssss! Ohhhhhhhh, yessssss!"

I swallowed greedily without a thought to do anything else, Pauline breathlessly panting behind me, her body pressed tight against me, her breasts soft and sexy against my back. "That's it baby, take it all, you dirty little slut, swallow all of his sticky cum. That is so fucking hot! Now you'll truly be his bitch too!" 

I moaned and writhed back onto her fingers thrilling to the raw sexual need in me as I sucked and licked and cleaned the last of Rick's cum from his wonderful cock. I was careening uncontrollably towards my own orgasm, rocking desperately between her tormenting fingers, the dual stimulation of my ass and cock too much to control. I moaned a low guttural sound and Rick's cock slipped from between my lips. 

Suddenly Pauline pulled her hands away. I was left high and dry on the brink of the most powerful orgasm. She rolled down onto the pillows and dragged my face from Rick's crotch to her own. Her naked thighs spread wide to accept me, her pussy drenched with desire as I eagerly buried my face into her fragrant folds. My body cried out in need. I sank my hips to the bed, grinding my cock against the sheets in a frantic bid for satisfaction. She grabbed my hands in hers pulling one up to her beasts to pull and play with her nipples and the other into Rick's crotch where his cock lay, still half hard and wet from my ministrations. 

"You want to cum, baby?" She goaded me. 

I looked up at her in frantic assent, whimpering into her hot wet pussy, lapping at the nectar between her lips. 

"Then make Ricky hard again so he can fuck you for me. Then you can cum. Make him hot for your slutty little ass. I want to see him fuck you like his little whore, I want to see your face as he fucks you. I want to hear you moan as he fucks you. I want you to cum with his cock in your ass."

Her hips were grinding up into my face, her juices covering me as I rolled my tongue up over her clit. She cried out as she came. "Aaaahhhhh, yessss! Yesssss! Take this big cock in your ass. Ooooohh, you are soooo good with that tongue, bitch! Ohhhhhhh, fuuuuck, yesssss!"

She rolled her face towards Rick and urged his face to hers. She moaned as he kissed her, arching her back up as another wave of orgasm rocked through her. Both of our tongues pleasuring her. Both of Rick's hands groping her as I rolled one of her nipples with one of mine. My other hand was wrapped around his rapidly growing cock, stroking him slowly, deliberately. Her hand caressed back down to his crotch, gliding over my own hand, taking in his hardening dick.

"Fuck him for me, Ricky. Make him your little bitch boy. He's our toy, Ricky. Show him what that big cock feels like! Ooooooh yessss! Let me see you make him your girl! Ooooooh yessss!" Pauline panted and gasped as she writhed in orgasm.

"Too pretty an offer to resist. " Rick said as he rolled up out of the pillows and came around behind me. He slapped my ass. "Up on your knees, bitch!" He cooed. 

I did as he told, my mind action driven by my need for pleasure and my delightful thrill in submission to them both. Pauline kept a hold on my collar as I pulled my legs up under me, not wanting my mouth too far from her pussy. 

"Mmmmmmmm, you are a sexy little bitch. With your cute little ass in your lace panties and your sporty smooth legs in your stockings. Asses don't get much more inviting than this". He spanked me again. A hot flush ran from my ass through my body, registering as hot pleasure in my desperate brain. I whimpered and wiggled my ass. "Fuck, you are a hot one! You like your master's hand on your ass, don't you!" He slapped me again, harder and I moaned in lust, arching my back, offering him my ass. 
