 It was the summer of 1975 and Curtis Holt was not happy to be doing a sixty-day sentence in the county jail for possession of marijuana, although he knew things could be worse. For one thing, he was aware there were plenty of men doing far longer stretches, and they would have gotten extremely horny, which should have greatly interested him. For another, he had gotten a fairly cushy job assignment, considering how short his sentence was. 

He was detailed to work in the jail supply, sorting and folding laundry and delivering clean bedding to the dormitory trustees to be dispensed to the other prisoners. It was no fun, but it was better than sweeping streets or cutting weeds or other physically taxing chores that had to be performed in the hot sun, the fate of most short-termers. The first day, which was a Tuesday, that Curtis made his deliveries, he was escorted by Sam Barnes, who had been doing this task but would be getting released in a few days. The new man did not believe he would actually need any instructions, because the job seemed self-explanatory, but there was no reason to complain.

The jail occupied part of a former military base and consisted of the laundry and supply building, the administration office and the dorm area where the prisoners were locked in at night. Sam began at the first group of six buildings, which formed a square around the blacktopped exercise yard. The first trustee to receive a delivery of 24 sets of sheets and pillow cases counted the bundles and grunted his acceptance. There was no friendliness but there was also no hostility exhibited toward the men providing clean linens. The next five stops in that group of barracks and the six across the street were almost duplicates of the first. By that time, Curtis noticed the supply had dwindled considerably and asked about a possible shortage. Sam reassured him there were enough.

"We only bring enough sheets for the barracks that are occupied, 24 sets each. That bunch of buildings over there isn't being used right now and the gate is locked anyhow, so we don't go there." When speaking, he indicated the second square of low, rectangular structures, which was in front of and to the side of the chow hall. "There's only one out of that bunch over there being used and we have enough for that one. By the way, look out for the guy in that place. I hear he's a real asshole bandit."

Figuratively speaking, that made Curtis sit up and take notice because that was a good description of the kind of man he was hoping to find. Up until then, all the men he had seen that morning were either too old or unattractive to arouse any desire in him or had shown no interest in his gay sexual charms. He started to hurry toward the last scheduled stop of the day.

Marshall Gordon, who had been named after Thurgood Marshall, was highly deserving of his reputation. He was actually straight, and preferred sex with women or girls, but when he was not in a position to dally with females, a soft, curvy male ass or wet mouth was a more than adequate replacement. He was expecting Sam Barnes to drop by with clean sheets, but he was not expecting anybody else, especially not a pretty young white dude.

But that was what entered his bailiwick. Curtis was behind Sam when the men passed through the door but he almost immediately made an Appearance. With his hands in his pockets to pull his loose-fitting denim pants tightly over his plump ass cheeks and smiling coyly, he stepped from behind his instructor. For several seconds he stood sideways, showing off his curvaceous profile and making his body as appealing and fuckable as he could. The display was not wasted.

Marshall immediately started lusting for the man who had just come into his domain and wondered if the newcomer was as sexually available as he looked and was acting. "A bitch in heat," was the thought that came to mind. The trustee hoped that would prove to be an accurate description, for the new man appeared to be somebody whose ass he would really love to cram with his cock. Holt, to use the name Sam called him, was short and rather chubby, with an ass that bulged provocatively under his pants, which appeared tighter than most. His hair was light brown, long and combed back and his skin would, on a woman, be described as peaches and cream. In order to be a prisoner there in the adult section of the county jail, he had to be at least 18 years old, but he couldn't have been much older than that.

Curtis was also quite impressed with the other man, whom he would have guessed to be about 30 years old. He appeared athletic, was African-American and quite dark-skinned, with a short beard and bushy mustache. The young man had often heard of the mythical hung black stud and didn't completely believe it but knew, from his own experience, that brown-skinned men and boys did tend to possess bigger cocks than their Caucasian counterparts. Whether or not that was true about Gordon, to use the name Sam had called the man, remained to be seen but the tall man definitely would have something between his legs that Curtis would love to have plowing in and out of his ass.

Both men started thinking about their meeting of the next week when Sam told Gordon the new man would be on his own then. Marshall was elated to hear it, because he could hardly keep from chasing the slutty looking and acting fair-skinned sexual prospect as he sashayed back out the doorway. Curtis was equally glad, because he would not have run from that pursuit.

Thinking about evolved to anxiously awaiting the following Tuesday, which arrived when it usually did. Curtis started as early as he could and hurried through the first ten deliveries in order to give himself as much time as possible at the final one. He didn't know it, but Marshall had been watching through the open doorway until he saw the sexy man approach and sat down at the long folding table which was used for his desk and by other residents when they played chess or dominoes or other games.

"Good morning, Holt," he greeted the man for whom he had the hots.

"Hi, Gordon. Why don't you call me Curt or Curtis? That's my first name."

"Oh, okay. Well, my first name's Marshall."

"Hi, Marshall."

The mutual seduction was off to a good start, which quickly got better. "Ya know, there's five other barracks her, besides this one. Do you want to see one of the others?" This might have seemed like a silly idea, because the places they might visit were identical to the one where they were standing and could not possibly be of any interest, but Marshall had a good reason for making the suggestion.

Curtis had an equally good reason for accepting it. He didn't know of any other decent pace for a tryst, which was why he had been interested in checking out the barracks trustees in the first place. People holding down those jobs would be by themselves all day in buildings with beds available. An unoccupied place would have more privacy yet, because there would be an even smaller chance of another prisoner or a guard walking in on them. Fucking the prisoners who shared his barracks, even if they had any appeal to him, which none of them did, was out of the question, because it would mean putting himself on display to a crowd, some of the disdainful, which he didn't want to do.

"Yeah, Marshall, that sounds interesting. It's always nice to see new places and do new things. Especially with new people."

"Come on, then."

With no further hesitation or discussion, the two men left the building and headed toward the place they both wanted to go. Marshall walked slightly behind his new sexual conquest, partly to guide him to the place he wanted to go and partly so he could watch the jiggling of the ass cheeks and think of how he expected to momentarily be plowing his eager cock between them. From that thought alone, it was already starting to become hard. They hurried past two units and stopped at the one in the corner directly opposite from where they had started and Marshall pushed the door open.

Curtis stepped through the open doorway into the unoccupied dormitory, with the athletic black trustee right behind him and, at first, was disappointed. As he had expected, the interior was like all the others he had seen, a smooth concrete floor and a row of double bunks along one wall, but none of the latter were supplied with mattresses. When he walked in farther, to his delight, he saw why.

The mattresses and pillows from the first two double bunks were piled on the floor between them and, when he and Marshall Gordon walked in further, the situation was the same with the third and fourth pairs of beds. The two men continued until they came to the last two bunkbeds, which were the eleventh and twelfth in the building, and the four mattresses were piled as the others had been, with the pillows on top of the heap.

This was much better than Curtis had expected. The individual pads were thin, no more than canvas ticking stuffed with cotton, exactly like the one on his own bunk. A single one would not be soft enough to be very comfortable, but the heap of four would be much more conducive to some really good fucking. He sidled to the end of the pile nearer the wall, stopped, knelt and looked up, smiling at the other man, who had stopped on the other end. When Marshall saw the object of his lust kneeling and with a big smile on his face, he knew what that meant, or thought he did, and he took off his shoes and gingerly stepped up to stand in front of the kneeling man.

Nobody said anything; there was no need to because both men knew why they were there. Curtis reached up and started to unbutton the trustee's denim pants, and his friendly smile grew more gleeful when his hand touched the big cock inside and felt it becoming stiff. He couldn't tell how large it was, but he knew it would be long and thick enough to give his mouth and his ass a great experience. Curtis's fingers quickened their pace until the pants were open in the front and he pulled them down to Marshall's knees.

Although it was still not fully erect, what he beheld was a beautiful sight to him. The other man's jockey shorts were bulging out in front, so Curtis used great care in working the elastic waistband around the object of his desire and saw it spring up when it was clear of its confinement. Holding the big black organ in the fingers of one hand, he leaned in closer and started licking the purple head, reveling in the texture, like warm velvet against his tongue. 

That was fun but it was much more fun for Curtis when he opened his mouth wide and let the thick shaft slide inside. He rejoiced in the way it felt, the way the hard organ stretched his lips open and filed his mouth until the head was touching the back of his throat. He left it there for a few seconds, licking the underside, before slowly backing his face away until just the head was being cossetted by his lips. He was having a great time, and the big cock felt terrific in his mouth, but there was a place where it would feel even better. Curtis took the rigid cylinder out of his mouth, licked the underside of the head and expressed his sexual preference.

"This is great, but I really want this big dude in my ass."

"Yeah. Me too." Marshall had been relishing having his cock sucked by the pretty white boy but he preferred plowing the entire length in and out of the tight channel that had just been offered to him. "Lay on your belly and I'll go and get something out of the bathroom. Don't worry about the mattresses; they were just cleaned." He pulled his pants and underwear the rest of the way off and hurried into the toilet that occupied that end of the barracks.

When Marshall returned, he was carrying a handful of paper towels and a jar of petroleum jelly he had swiped weeks earlier from the infirmary. During his brief absence, he noted, Curtis had removed his shoes and socks and the rest of the clothing below his waist and was lying face down and legs spread with a pillow under his hips. When he felt the man with the big cock climb onto the stack of pads, he twisted his head back to look at the other semi-naked man, grinned lasciviously at the jar of lubricant and turned back to lie with his ass raised. Using both hands, he spread his ass cheeks so he could be prepared for what he so badly wanted.

Marshall wanted it just as much, especially when he gazed upon the cute pink rosebud that awaited him. After opening the jar and coating his cock with the lube, he reached between the plump creamy cheeks and covered the edges of the delightful orifice. With that part done, he coated the middle finger of his right hand with the jelly, placed the tip against the tiny opening Curtis was creating and eased the digit into the alluring place he was about to stuff.

The finger felt so good, the luscious cheeks of the man on his belly squirmed sensuously and he pulled the edges of his needy hole slightly farther apart so he could take the long finger in even more deeply. It was lightly massaging his prostate already, but he knew it was no more than a tiny sample of the erotic joys that would result from the long, thick cock which would momentarily be replacing it.

With the inside of the white boy's ass well covered, Marshall carefully withdrew his finger and used some of the paper towels to wipe off the excess lube. With everything ready, he held his cock in one hand, pressed the tip against the inviting ass and gave a firm thrust forward. The head wedged into the tight, oily hole, sending a burst of rapture through his entire body.

It did even more than that for the man who was starting to be fucked. Curtis's needy ass had, out of necessity, been unfilled for much longer than he liked, and the big cock was starting to make up for his lack. He moaned in bliss and his body started writhing ecstatically. His fingers continued to hold open the place that was being crammed, because he wanted every inch of the long, thick cock that was already feeling so great, and he said so to the man who was doing such fabulous things to him.

"My god, that feels good, Marsh. Give it to me! I want every bit of it."

Marshall wanted to give him every inch, but in small increments, because he didn't want to hurt his new partner. With the second push, another inch of his stiff cock eased into the place that was making it so welcome, evoking additional carnal delight for him and for the man he was banging. With almost two inches of his cock buried in Curtis's tight ass, he no longer to guide it, so he placed both hands on the man's enticing ass cheeks.

Besides being a beautiful creamy white with a soft, pink blush, the lovely mounds were soft and succulent. Marshall had sometimes fucked women doggie style, but those women's buttocks had not been as appealing as the ones surrounding his cock that day. He drove into the tight hole again and another inch of his shaft burrowed its way inside, eliciting another happy moan from Curt. The big man on top continued like that, with long, firm strokes, until his entire shaft was inside the oily pink and ivory place that had been yearning for it and his thighs were pressed against the soft, pillowy ass cheeks of the man on the bottom.

It was already some of the best sex Curtis had ever gotten, and they had just begun. For a few seconds, Marshall lay on top of him, sending wave after wave of excruciating sensations coursing through his body. When he started to remove his cock, there was no sense of loss because the hard, thick cylinder was being drawn across his prostate gland, creating a different and even more exquisite kind of pleasure. The man on top of him continued the same kind of slow, deep thrusts, providing immense joy to both men.

The plowing of his ass felt so great Curtis's own cock had become erect and was clamoring for his attention. "Give me a little more room, Marsh. Let me move around," he asked of his new buddy, who complied.

Curtis reached under his body with his right hand, which he wrapped loosely around his own rigid organ. The next time he felt the other cock surging into his ass, he stroked that hand toward his body while thrusting forward into his palm. Erotic thrills rocketed through him simultaneously from two different places, eliciting a louder and happier moan. The next strokes, with his hand and into his ass felt even better.

As the combined fucking and fondling himself continued, Curtis started to lose control of some of his muscles. His right hand kept pumping, but his legs were waving back and forth, like those of an inept swimmer, and he was kicking the mattress. "My god, that feels good," he blurted to his partner.

Marshall smiled when he heard that, because he was receiving just as much pleasure, possibly more. The chubby white man's tight ass was one of the best places his cock had ever been, and he wanted their session together to last as long as possible, so he was plunging it in and out slowly. Besides, that morning he was also hoping to have regular weekly trysts on the same pile of mattresses and the more fun it was for Curt, the more likely that was to happen.

The slow fucking and masturbating continued for a long while, with Curtis thrashing about on the pile of mattresses every time the big, hard black cock massaged his prostate gland. Marshall was writhing on top of him as he drove it and out, with his hands continuing to caress the plush hips and buttocks under his body. Both men wanted the great sex to continue, but they also knew they were steadily growing close to a sexual explosion, which would be the end of it, at least for that day. Curtis was the first to accept his impending climax.

"Fuck me harder, Marsh. Fuck me faster! Really give it to me!"

For better leverage Marshall moved his hands from Curtis's adorable soft ass to his shoulders and started to more strongly drive his cock into the bottom man who was so avidly begging for it. His coming continued to mount until he felt it welling up from his groin and preparing to erupt. However, Curt beat him to the finish and came, ejaculating all over his hand and onto the mattress. Marshall was only seconds behind him, and shot a big gush of cum into the tight young ass that had earned it.

Neither man was through yet. Curtis's hand continued pumping until it had milked two more bursts of semen from his cock. Marshall kept pounding into the delightful ass that was still enclosing his shaft until another flood of his juices had filled it almost to overflowing.

The two men continued to lie in a pile, supremely happy about the incredible coupling they had just shared. Finally, when his cock had partially softened, Marshall carefully withdrew it from Curt's ass, grinning at the sight of his cum, mixed with the liquefied petroleum jelly, gushing from the well-fucked ass of the white boy. He moved to the side, gazing again at the luscious cheeks that had felt so fabulous in his hands and against his legs. Curtis remained face down until the glow from the great sex had faded, then rolled onto his side and got to his feet to go into the toilet while Marshall followed him. Using tissue paper and paper towels, the two men cleaned off the residue of their fabulous sexual encounter, then faced each other, both of them still naked below the waist.

"That was fantastic, Marsh. That was the best I've ever gotten."

"Me too. I hope we can do it next week and every week as long as we're here."

"I don't see any reason why not."

There was silence for a minute, and then Marshall made a suggestion couched in the form of a question. "Do you ever get it on with two guys at a time?"

"I have, but not very often. Why? Do you have someone in mind?"

"Yeah. But only if it's okay with you."

"It might be. Is he as nice as you? Is he hung as good as you?"

"I've seen him in the shower and he looks pretty big. He'd better be nice if he knows what's good for him."
