 Ben sighed impatiently as he wheeled his shopping cart around the small grocery store around the corner from his apartment. He tossed a few random items into his cart, eyes constantly scanning, taking in everything--and everyone--around him. He needed something to satisfy his craving. Nothing in his cart. He was hungry, but it wasn't for food.

Instead, he was in search of something he could really make a meal out of. But so far nothing--no one--had manage to catch his attention as he rolled the cart through the aisles, prowling.

Moving down the pharmacy aisle he remembered he was out of vitamin C and grabbed a bottle of his usual brand. A familiar package nearby caught his eye. Flintstones vitamins. Ben, like a lot of other kids, had taken those as a child. His older sister used to tease him because he refused to eat the ones shaped like Dino, their pet dinosaur. The memory made him chuckle softly before he returned to the task at hand.

He stopped at the end of the frozen food aisle and noticed a guy that was worth watching. Slim and dark, with rich brown hair that just brushed his collar, the guy was reading the label on a carton of Ben & Jerry's ice cream. Even from half an aisle away, Ben could see how good-looking he was: full, slightly pouty mouth and finely chiselled features. The guy shook his head and returned the ice cream to the freezer, then pulled out a carton of the frozen yogurt. He scrutinized this carton as well and eventually put it back.

Watching his figure. Well, so am I. Ben smiled to himself as he let his gaze take in the trim, healthy look of the guy. Just then the guy turned and looked over in Ben's direction. Fuck, I don't want him to think I'm checking him out. Hoping to be less obvious about his ogling, Ben grabbed the nearest item, a jar of chocolate topping and pretended to examine it.

As the guy moved away, Ben noticed his cute, tight, perfectly rounded ass and the way his jean were just tight enough and fantasized about drizzling chocolate syrup over the guy's cock and balls, then slowly licking it off till the guy begged Ben to fuck him. Talk about a nut sundae! Ben's pants suddenly felt about 2 sizes too small and he looked down to see his hard-on was embarrassingly obvious. He stood closer to his cart and maybe no one would notice. He tossed the chocolate sauce in--wishful thinking--and adjusted himself as unobtrusively as possible before moving in the direction tall, dark and fuckable had gone.

Of course the guy would head straight for the produce section. Ben rolled his cart in that direction, watching the guy pick through a bin of honeydew melons for just the right one, slightly squeezing each, then holding it up to sniff. It was even a turn-on watching him touch the fruit, the rapturous smile on his face as he found the perfect one. Ben knew how to put a smile like that on a guy's face. He watched the guy and waited until he had stopped again, in front of the pineapples and decided to take his chances and moved toward his quarry, grabbing a token orange and banana on the way, like he was actually shopping.

"Hey, how can you tell if these things are ripe?" Ben grinned and motioned to the pineapples. Up close, the guy was even hotter, and Ben tried to act casual though his pulse was racing. The guy gave him a polite half-smile, just this side of disdain. Probably lots of guys came up to him like this. Ben saw him glance into his cart. Apparently BBQ kettle chips, cheddar goldfish and chocolate sauce didn't impress him and he wasn't fooled by the banana and orange. But he picked up one of the pineapples and answered Ben's question anyway.

"You look for the color. One that's more yellow than green. And it should smell sweet."

"Yeah? That's pretty easy." Ben grabbed a fruit and dropped it almost as quickly when the spiky leaves bit into his hand. "Fuck!" It rolled under his cart and he banged his head on the handle when he straightened up. The guy was gone. Yup, this was one craptastic evening. He'd just scared off the hottest guy in the place. The guys left were pretty slim pickings and he decided he'd rather go home alone. He'd nearly given up when he saw the guy at the check stand, and rolled up right behind him.

"I'm closed," the pimply-faced cashier said with the full weight of the tiny amount of power he wielded. "You'll have to use the next line." He had a pencil stuck behind his ear and Ben wondered how much jail time he'd have to do if he stabbed it through the cashier's eye. Probably be worth it, but it wouldn't impress the dreamboat standing in front of him if he got arrested for grievous bodily harm. And it wouldn't get him laid either. Well not by anyone he'd choose outside of a jail cell.

"Hey, that's okay. Can you ring them up together? My treat." Hot-n-Sexy grinned at Ben while the cashier sneered and rang up Ben's motley assortment of items. He glanced at what the other guy had on the counter. One box of extra-large condoms, one honeydew melon and a pineapple. Ben was practically ecstatic the guy had spoken to him again, and remained silent as the guy paid.

The cashier grudging bagged their items separately and they walked out of the grocery store together. The night was warm and the faint breeze did nothing to cool Ben's skin.

"Thanks, man. Stupid cashier."

The guy nodded and smiled, making full eye contact with Ben for the first time since they'd met over by the pineapples. "World's full of jerks like that."

"Oh, look, lemme pay you for that stuff. I mean mine cost way more than yours, with the vitamins and all." He tried to play up the one remotely healthy item he'd chosen. He fished around in his back pocket, suddenly aware of the distinct outline of his cock visible through his jeans. The air felt about ten times warmer as he realized the guy had noticed seen it too. "Crap, I only have my ATM card, no cash."

"Don't worry--"

The rest of the guy's sentence was cut off as a fire truck rushed past, its siren wailing like a tuba on PCP.

"I live just around the corner, let me get some cash or..." Ben mentally crossed his fingers, "maybe a drink or something?"

"Now that sounds good."

Ben realized his mouth had almost dropped open that the guy had agreed to a drink. They walked around the corner and a little ways down the sidewalk. "This one." Ben said as they neared the steps up to his front door.

Once inside, Ben showed the guy into the living room.

"Beer okay or you want scotch?"

"Beer's good. Whatever you've got."

Ben noticed the guy looking around the living room at the pictures on the wall, and he went to put his bag away in the kitchen and get the beer. Maybe if he played his cards right, he'd get to use the chocolate sauce after all. Just the thought of that got him hard and he forced himself to calm down and not scare the guy off. Shit, he didn't even know the guy's name. He grabbed a couple of beers out of the fridge, a nice, light hefeweizen, and perfect for this hot weather. He'd already popped the cap when he remembered he was out of lemon. Fuck. There was something he actually needed from the grocery store after all.

He brought the beers in and found the guy flipping through a book he'd pulled from a shelf. His PADI Scuba diving manual.

"You dive?" the guy asked as he carefully put the book back on the shelf."

"Yeah, couple times a year. Caribbean or Hawaii?" Ben remember he still held both bottles of beer. "Oh, sorry. Here you go." He held out the beer. The guy took the bottle, letting his fingers brush against Ben's and Ben's cock reminded him of its presence yet again. 

"I'm Derek."

"Ben." They both chuckled softly as the awkwardness set in and neither seemed to know what to say next, the topic of diving forgotten as they looked each other over in silence. Ben took a swig of beer to avoid having to say anything. He noticed Derek only took a small sip. Almost out of reflex Ben took another swig, maybe to calm his nerves.

As soon as he pulled the bottle away from his lips, Derek was right there, face only inches away. He leaned in to kiss Ben, a soft, wet kiss that left Ben wanting about a million more as soon as it was over. He put his bottle down on the nearest surface and Derek did the same. Damn, Ben was so hard now, but he didn't bother to hide it. Derek moved closer and brushed his fingertips along Ben's evident erection, only making matters worse.

Ben groaned softly and pulled Derek in for another kiss, this one hard and deep and he didn't try to hold back. Derek matched his intensity and within moments they'd pulled each other's clothes off, tossing shoes and shirts, socks and boxers as they drew close together again. Derek's body was gorgeous, not an ounce of fat--obviously he had more will power than Ben when it came to junk food--and smooth flat planes of chest and abs. Derek's cock was awfully pretty too and Ben reached down to play with it with as he moved in for another kiss.

Derek's hand were all over, caressing Ben's neck and throat, shoulder, pinching nipples to aching hardness until he pulled away for no apparent reason. Ben watched him lean down and root around in his grocery bag.

"You're going to need this." He tossed something to Ben--the box of condoms. Thank god it wasn't the pineapple.

Ben chuckled as he and Derek headed for the couch, and grabbed a tube of lube he'd had in his jeans. Thankfully, Derek was in as much of a hurry as Ben, and they kissed only briefly before Ben had Derek bent of the side of the couch, lubed, spread wide and ready. Ben rolled on the condom, added some lube and dove in.

Damn, this is too fucking good. He tried to hold back, but Derek's tight, hot ass felt better than anything or anyone he'd had in ages. He couldn't get in fast or deep enough. This was even better than he'd imagined as he'd watched Derek in the store. Now his entire body was on fire, like an overloaded electrical system, he knew he'd blow soon. A trickle of sweat rolled down his face and he watched it splash onto Derek's back. They slid smoothly against one another, lubricated by their combined sweat. From the sound Derek made and the way he thrust his ass up to meet each of Ben's strokes, he was enjoying every second of this, too.

Derek started stroking himself, gradually shorter, rougher strokes and Ben tried to hold back until the tell-tale tensing and shudder that would let him know Derek was coming. As soon as he felt Derek's ass clenching even more tightly around Ben's cock, Ben let go, emptying himself into the condom deep inside of Derek. The room filled with the sound of their groans and panting. Ben pulled out and he flopped onto the couch, bring Derek along. Ben removed the condom, knotted it and tossed it toward the trash can in the corner. Three points! He pulled Derek close with an arm around his waist.

They kissed again, this time with no fervor or desperation, until gradually their breathing and pulses approached normal.

"You didn't get those condoms thinking that we'd..." Ben didn't need to finish his sentence.

"Yeah, I did. I saw you watching me in the freezer section."

So much for subtle. "How'd you know to get extra large?"

"I got a pretty good look at that hard-on you were sporting in the produce department." Derek gave Ben a wicked grin.

"You noticed?"

"Sure I did. That's why I came back with you. I liked what I saw and you didn't disappoint." Derek kissed Ben once softly on the jaw and licked at a spot on Ben's throat that nearly drove him mad again. "That was fantastic, Ben. Perfect."

"Not quite perfect."

"No?" Derek looked disappointed.

"Why'd you have to stop in front of the fucking pineapples?" Ben grinned and made a show of looking at his hand to check for permanent damage from the encounter. Derek took hold of his hand, and soothed it with a gentle touch and a kiss.

"Sorry. You just said 'produce.' You should have been more specific."

"That's okay, babe. You can make it up to me next time." Ben leaned in and kissed Derek again. "I still love you. Eventually I'll forgive you."

They kissed and cuddled on the couch for a long time. It really had been just about perfect. Derek loved playing these games as much as Ben did, and he was great at it.

"Nice touch with those condoms, by the way."

"Yeah? Glad you liked it. I was going for subtle and obvious at the same time." Derek grinned. "You do know what we're going to be eating for the rest of the weekend, don't you?"

Ben shook his head.

"Fruit salad."

Ben threw his head back and laughed. "Ready for bed?"

"It's still early." Derek smiled wickedly and traced a finger around one of Ben's nipples. "And we haven't even gotten to the chocolate sauce yet."