 Dressed in easy-access minimal clothing, meaning jean shorts and a white t-shirt, he had sat in the car for 10 minutes, prepping himself mentally. He had removed his wallet, cell phone, and wedding ring, and put it in the car's console. He didn't know the mental state of the person he was going to meet, having only talked online, and wanted to give him as little information as possible. He had prepared himself as instructed, figuring out how to use the handheld shower attachment as a makeshift deep enema system, and had cleared himself out quite effectively.

Finally, Todd emerged from the car, walked the block and a half, and knocked on the door. His heart beating erratically, he screwed up enough courage to stand at the door and not bolt when he saw movement inside.

Joel, or the man who claimed to be called Joel, looked through the windows on the door, gave him a once-over, and opened the door.

Todd knew he was not a perfect package. Indeed, his 5'11" frame had gained 20 lbs. since he was married 3 years ago at the age of 35. His balding hair and only slightly muscular frame did not contribute to what anybody would ever call a smoking body. Only his expression online of the levels of degradation he wished to participate in had gotten him to this point.

Joel, was a different story. Late 40s, early 50s, standing 6', weighing 250lbs, most of which was muscle, he epitomized the look of a tough man. Muscles, albeit with a layer over them, were evident all over his body.

"Fred?" Joel asked, knowing full well that this was the person he had been talking to on A4A, but needing reassurance, just in case it was a Jehovah's Witness or some such.

Nodding nervously, Todd responded to the fake name he had given. Taking stock of his situation, he walked in when Joel stepped out of the way, into a living room that was populated, but not overdecorated.

Todd took comfort in the normalcy of the room. Indeed, had he not known where he was, he might have mistaken this for any number of his single aunts or uncle's houses.

Still, once inside he was a nervous wreck, scared and unsure if he want to go through with this.

"Water? Something stronger?" Joel asked.

Todd shook his head, doe-eyed, feeling a little sick, knowing he'd have to perform all the fantasies he had tantalized Joel about. He was shaking with excitement, but he also didn't know if he would have the resolve to go through with it. 

Todd knew he wasn't gay. He loved women and the physical form. His wife could still get him harder when she chose to (which was somewhat infrequent these days). The thought of kissing or cuddling with another man made him somewhat gag. In no way did he want any tender embraces from someone so non-feminine.

The thing is, Todd also loved to have his ass played with. Touching it in the shower had led to inserting fingers which led to inserting shampoo bottles. In the last few weeks, he found himself turned on by the thought of a real, live warm dick inside himself, moving of its own accord, and was especially turned on by that cock cumming inside his mouth and inside his ass. The thought of being used roughly for a dick's pleasure was a starring role in his masturbatory fantasies of late.

Joel, recognizing the hesitancy in Todd, took him by the hand and whisked him to the bedroom, eager to trap his little fly before it escaped. 

"Strip!" Joel commanded once inside the bedroom.

In somewhat of a daze, Todd took off his clothes with trembling hands, still not sure that this was something he wanted to do. 

The pit of his stomach slightly tensed as Joel handed him the lube while Todd got himself undressed. 

Todd lubed up his ass, feeling around, and noticing how involuntarily tight it was. Turning to hand back the lube, he finally noticed Joel in his full nakedness. He was somewhat hairy, not excessively so, but Todd's eyes were immediately drawn to Joel's nine inch, wrist-thick cock, now covered in lube, and being slowly stroked to full mast by Joel, who was eyeing him with obvious lust.

Todd, unaware of how big an actual nine inch cock was, having only seen them online, promptly lost his nerve. "I'm sorry, I can't do this." He blurted out, and headed for the door, scooping his clothes in one swoop. 

Joel grabbed his arm and said, "Oh no, your sweet ass is mine." Adrenaline surged through Todd as he instinctively struggled to get free. At once, Joel proved that his muscles were not for show as he quickly lifted Todd up from behind in a bear hug and flopped him onto his bed, pinning Todd beneath him in a mountain of muscle. Joel struggled helplessly to get free but he was effectively pinned face down with his head buried into pillows. 

Joel's weight kept him pinned, and Todd felt the rock hard cock slide into place, laying in his lubed cleft, with the tip touching him in the mid-back. "Nooooo!" he screamed, muffled into the pillows. 

"You are mine!" Joel growled as he lifted up his hips and tried to find the virgin hole. After some searching and slipping, he finally found the tender browneye, clenched shut. 

"Are you ready?" Joel growled. Todd whimpered as he realized his mistake, the lube he applied to help him now betraying his best efforts to keep the mighty phallus out. Joel pushed, softly at first. Todd tried to fight it with his cheek muscles, but both felt the rod slowly slipping past the flexed ring. Overcoming his clenched muscles, Todd felt Joel reach the physical tightness of his hole. Relief set in, as he realized that his tight, inexperienced, virgin sphincter would make the large cock unable to proceed any further.

The peace was broken with a mighty roar, as Joel broke into Todd's virgin bowels, seemingly tearing Todd's muscle ring. Todd cried out as the violation of his tender rear end was followed by the insertion of several inches of Joel's mighty rod. Tears fell with whimpering shudders as Todd lay helpless, pinned, and unable to provide any resistance to the thick man-meat spearing him.

Moving inside, Todd felt the organ touching places he had never felt before. Probing inside, he felt it slide into a place that allowed Joel further access inside him. 

Todd had proceeded to full on crying now, tears streaming down his face as he felt the lube-covered torpedo prying his anus apart in a forceful stretch, only backing off when it threatened to tear Todd's delicate inner lining.

Sobbing, Todd angled his head back and discovered to his horror that he had 3 more inches of the mighty cock left, and Joel obviously intended to bury it completely inside him. Worse yet, Todd felt Joel hit a barrier inside him. "If I were you, I'd relax, or this is going to really hurt" Joel said.

The words conflicted with the actions. Todd felt simultaneously relieved that Joel was trying to help him, but terror at what he was committed to doing.

"I'm serious, you need to relax."

Todd had no idea what was coming next, but knew that the Joel must know what he was doing, and desperately tried to calm himself down. He felt small motions deep inside his bowels as Joel moved back and forth. Whenever he pushed forward, he felt a barrier. He instinctively knew that it could be pushed through, and that Joel was determined to do so.

"I'm not going to wait too much longer. Relax!" Joel growled.

Panic set in and Todd, eager to try to make Joel happy for the small degree of compassion, tried to force himself loose. Unfortunately, this manifested in an overall tightening of his ass. A slight half-cry/half-whine noise escaped from his lips, his open mouth enabled him to taste the tears flowing down his face.

"That's it, I warned you!" The return of Joel's full menace forced Todd to panic, and he instinctually clenched again. Joel demonstrated his strength as his lubed cock pushed through the now-tightened passage, and forced itself past the internal sphincter, putting him balls deep inside Todd, conquering any resistance Todd had to offer.

His body broken, Todd cried openly and loudly as Joel proceeded to thrust deep inside him, pulling all the way out before slamming, grunting with the effort when he slammed into his new toy. Todd felt the burning of a wrecked anus with each thrust, the lube chemically stinging his open flesh, followed by chafing from the moving man-meat as Joel sawed into his stretching anus.

Todd's sobs become louder and more urgent with each thrust, until finally Joel heard a cry that ended in a slight moan. Smiling to yourself, Joel pinned Todd down tighter, and flexed harder with each thrust. Todd resigned himself to the vicious assault and was now moaning on each thrust, backing into the advancing hips. 

The wet sounds of the writhing bodies filled the room, with Todd moaning like a whore, and Joel's grunting in exertion. To Todd's horror, he felt Joel get even bigger, stretching Todd out even more, causing him to cry and moan all the more. 

"Get ready, bitch!" Joel snarled as he slammed his hips into Todd one last time and held it. Todd felt a pulsing of Joel's dick, and warm fluid splashed forcefully inside him, churning against his cleaned bowels. Joel roared as he pulled harder on Todd's hips, pulsing deep into Todd's bowels, to the point that Joel started to feel pressure from all the cum now forced inside him. 

They waited for a second, with Joel panting, and Todd blinking away the tears. Finally, with a wet slurping noise, and one last burning movement against Todd's devirginized ass, Joel pulled out and walked the three steps to the bathroom. Todd heard the sound of a running shower. Wearily, he pushed himself up on his hands and knees, feeling air inside of his gaping, tender asshole. Sitting upright on his knees, he felt the pressure release and cum came pouring out of his gaping, abused, raw hole, down the back of his thighs and onto his calves in a torrent. Despite everything, Todd was rock hard and started to slowly pump himself in a daze. Reaching around, he gathered some of the copious cum spilling out of his open hole and tasted it. He closed his eyes as he thought of this being forcefully injected down his throat into his stomach.

A noise alerted him to the bathroom door, now open, with Joel standing there with a semi-hard dick in front of him. To his horror, he realized that Joel had seen everything, and that it sent a message of complete acceptance.

"Suck it hard," he barked, "we just got started."