 I hadn't played organized soccer in years, but joined an indoor league after I started coaching my kids because my interest had been piqued again. I was getting into my late thirties, and found an over-35 league, so I signed up to give it a try.

I had always been a big fan of the team aspect, and loved having a couple beers after the match with teammates. Turned out the team I got assigned to didn't have many of the post game beer type of fellas. A few guys would come out the odd time, but myself and a guy named Paul went for a beer after every match.

Paul was 35, English, about 6' tall, lanky with a bit of a beer gut, clean shaven, with balding brown hair. He was divorced and had no kids. We would get a pint and shoot the shit, and then head on our way.

The times when it was just the two of us, he started mentioning how randy he always was after having a run out, and how he would have to go home and have a wank because he had noone to take care of it for him. We'd laugh about it, I would sometimes mention that I was always horny, or sometimes lament that having young kids meant chances for me to get taken care of were rare. A couple times he got kind of suggestive. Something along the lines of, "Well lad, would you take one for the team, as it were?"

I would chuckle and sort of reply in a, "Well, if it's for the team..." kind of way. In my experience, guys can speak kind of like that, but not really mean anything by it, but, I am secretly bi, so I would kind of wonder if there was anything to it. I would never press the issue though, as far as I was concerned, it was just a bit of banter between lads.

After one match, Paul asked who was planning on coming out for a pint. It seemed nobody was in but him and I once again. Paul and I walked out to the parking lot together, and he said, "Why don't we have a pint at my place instead of the pub? Beer's cheaper there, especially for you!"

"If by that, you mean my beer is free, then I am in. I'm not one to refuse someone else's beer."

"I may charge you something, we shall see. Follow me."

As I followed him out of the parking lot, I was thinking that this was an interesting turn of events. I figured my best option was to play it cool, and see what Paul had planned. At the very least, I would have a free beer or two, so would be coming out happy and ahead regardless.

Paul pulled into the driveway of his townhouse, and I parked on the road in front. I hopped out quickly to follow him up his front steps to the door. We got in and he sat down on a chair just inside the door to take off his shoes, socks, and shin pads. I had already switched to flip flops after the game, so I slid them off and wandered in.

The main room was just a big open concept kitchen and living room. There was a couch facing a big tv, hanging on the wall, with a coffee table between them. A chair to the right of the couch, turned to face the big coffee table, with a small table in the corner made by the couch and chair. To the left of the couch was a big front window, which had the curtains drawn shut. On the big coffee table was a closed laptop, with an HDMI cable stretching along the floor from it to the tv. On the small corner table, was a lamp, a box of kleenex, and a bottle of lotion.

Paul walked past me towards the kitchen area. He had no shirt on. I turned to see that he had discarded his jersey on the chair inside the door as part of his gearing down. I followed him into the kitchen. He grabbed two pint glasses from a cupboard, set them on the counter, and opened the fridge. Pulled out two cans of Guinness, cracked them, and turned them upside down to empty into the glasses.

Paul hadn't said anything, and I was at a loss for words. He threw the cans into a bin under the sink, picked up the full pints, turned and handed me one.

"Cheers!"

We clinked the glasses together, and each took a swig.

"Thanks! A bit heavier than I normally go post-match, but it'll do."

"Get your nutrients back up lad! Let's go sit on the couch and relax."

I let Paul lead me back to the couch. He sat on the side closer to the chair and small table. I stepped past him to the other end closer to the front door and window. He had kind of sat sideways with a leg up on the couch, turned towards me. So I did similarly. I took a few gulps of my beer and set it on the table beside the laptop.

"I like your setup. I suppose this is what you come back to after our pints at the pub?"

"Oh yeah, I come back here, put something fun on the telly, give myself a couple pumps out the bottle and have at her!"

I laugh. "Thanks, I had kind of gathered how the process worked."

"Right, sorry then. Want me to throw something on?"

"What? Like... a shirt?... or porn?"

"Porn, yeah! What do you fancy?"

I was quickly getting hard, and thought I noticed some twitching down there for Paul as well, in my quick glances. I was faltering with my response. Where to go from here. The pause dragged impossibly on. Oh well, just go for it.

"I don't need anything on the tv to get me excited, and you're always randy already anyways. Besides, I thought you were hoping for a someone to take care of it for you for a change. Someone to take one for the team?"

Paul smiled at me. "Well, was hoping maybe we would build towards that, yeah. This how you'll be paying for your beer then?"

"Maybe. How about you get me warmed up a bit first, and maybe then we can put that lotion to better use than you normally do? Maybe I'll fancy letting you shag me."

Paul was processing what I had just said. I was worrying that I had gone too far. Maybe he was just thinking of jerking each other, possibly hoping I would blow him, or we would blow each other, but I had just gone way over the top. So much for playing it cool.

Finally, "I'd quite like that alright, but I have no rubbers, if that changes anything."

"I know I'm clean, if you can say the same, I trust you."

"Yeah...yeah, I'm good."

"Well then..."

Paul moved towards me, and started rubbing my crotch. He moved his hands up my waist, and dug his fingers under the elastic bands of my shorts and underwear. I lifted my ass a bit to help him as he pulled them down. While he was sliding them down my legs, I pulled my jersey off and tossed it away.

I had shifted to mostly facing forwards when Paul was taking my shorts off, and he was on his knees in front of me. He wrapped a hand around my already hard cock, and slid his lips over the head. He licked the tip, and pumped his hand up and down a couple of times, then slid his mouth down my shaft. He had no problem taking my 6", cut cock all the way to the hilt, which he did right away. Then he started bobbing his head up and down. He pulled his mouth off, spit on the tip, wrapped his tongue around it, then resumed sliding his lips up and down.

"Oh fuck, you're a good cocksucker! You love having my hard cock in your mouth, don't you?"

"Mrm hrm!" he garbled as he continued working my cock with his mouth.

I enjoyed the feeling of his warm mouth on my cock for a couple minutes, then reached down and pushed his head away.

"Holy shit! I was about to blow my load."

Paul stood up smiling. His bulge was bigger now. I didn't need an invitation to help it get free. I slid forward to the edge of the couch, and returned the favour of helping him out of his gear. I got them down past his knees and left him to kick them off while I turned my attention to his unit.

It wasn't quite fully erect, and the head was just peeking out of the foreskin. I wrapped my hand around it and pulled it back a bit, then licked the tip. There was already some salty precum, which I lapped up before sliding my mouth down his shaft. I could almost deep throat it, but wouldn't be able to for long. I felt it getting harder and started sliding my mouth up and down it while jerking the bottom portion with my hand at the same time. I started fondling his balls with my other hand, and his legs started to shake. I pulled my mouth off. The head was almost fully exposed now, and he looked to be about 7" and fairly thick.

"Sit down on the couch and relax."

Paul moved back to the other side of the couch and sat down. I crawled on the couch towards him, so my ass was in the air to his left, and started working his hard cock with my mouth once again. Paul's left hand started caressing my ass cheeks and rubbing up and down my crack. He squirted some lube and started working it into my asshole. I continued giving him a sloppy blow job while he greased up my tight asshole.

It wasn't very long until I had had enough of his fingers, so I sat up. Paul took the cue and squirted more lotion onto his hand and greased up his shaft. I straddled him and ground my slippery ass around his lap for a few seconds, relishing the sensation of his hard cock between my cheeks. I lifted up, reached behind to grab his dick, and lowered my asshole onto it. It penetrated easily, and I slowly slid my ass down it as I removed my hand.

"Mmmmmmm! Your cock is thick!"

"Yeah? Your asshole is so tight. Feels fantastic!"

"Mmmm!"

I started grinding my hips, forward and back, a little up and down. Paul's hands were on my hips and ass, urging me upwards, which I obliged before sliding back down again.

"Oh my! You are quite the little tart! You like riding my cock, don't you?"

"Oh! Yeah! I love it!"

I was plunging up and down his shaft fairly quickly now, and had a moment where I realized how surreal this was. Paul must have been having something of a similar thought.

"This is fuckin' amazing! I had a good feeling about you, but I was figuring I'd have to convince you to maybe give me a wank and go from there."

"Mmmm! I hope this is a good substitute."

His hands were roughly agreeing that it was a great substitute, and I let them guide my ass down harder and harder. I was panting and moaning, and Paul's breath was gettting heavy. I was about to slow down, or say something, or both, when I felt him tense up and blast a hot streamer of cum in my asshole. It felt great having his jizz pulsing into my ass, but I wanted to cum with him fucking me. I kept riding his cock, letting him finish shooting his load, but I must have looked disappointed.

"Don't you worry lad. I've a couple more of those in me before I'm spent. Let's move to the bedroom. I'm going to make you my little cum slut, fill your ass with my seed."

"Oh my! Yes please!"

I slid my ass off his cock, hopped off his lap, and followed Paul upstairs to his bedroom, trying not to let his cum drip out of my ass. I crawled up on the bed, face down, ass up. Paul had grabbed the lotion on the way, and was rubbing more on his shaft. My ass was well lubricated with his first load at the moment. He got on the bed behind me, and slapped my right ass cheek.

"Ooh yeah!"

"You like that?"

"Mmm hmm!"

"You are such a naughty little tart."

I felt his juciy head push up against my eager asshole, and tried to push back against it. Paul pulled back and slapped my left cheek hard.

"Mmmm!"

"You want my cock you little slut?"

"Yes!"

Slap!

"Ohh!"

Slap! Slap!

"Mmm! Fuck!"

"You want me to fuck your little ass?"

"Yes please! Fuck me Paul!"

I felt his cock head against my tight asshole again, and he slowly pushed it in until I felt his body against me.

"Oh god! Your cock is so big!"

"Can your tight little slutty ass handle it?"

"Oh fuck yes! Fuck me!"

He pulled slowly back until just the tip must have still been inside, and rammed it back in again. Hard.

"Holy fuck yes!"

He repeated this a handful of times.

"Oh! My! Fucking! God! Yes!"

Then settled into a good rhythm. Spanking me every few strokes. I was moaning pleasurably, and exclaiming every time his hand crashed into one of my ass cheeks.

"Oh my god! This is amazing!"

"You are so fucking tight! You like having my cock in your little asshole, yeah?"

"Yes, I love it! Your cock feels so good!"

"Oh fuck yeah! You little slut! I'm going to cum again soon!"

"Oh! Yes please! Cum inside me again Paul. Mmmmm! Fuck me harder!"

He slapped my ass a few times, then grabbed my hips and roughly pulled them towards him as he slammed his cock into me over and over.

"Oh! Fuck! Oh my god! Yes! Pound me! Yeah! Fuck me Paul! Fuck me hard! Cum for me! Oh fuck! I'm gonna cum!"

I felt my orgasm building, then, on one of his back strokes, my body convulsed, and a streamer of cum shot out of me. I was moaning and squealing as my asshole started pulsating on Paul's thick cock, and I shot blast after blast of jizz onto the bed. He pounded a few more hard thrusts into me, then jammed his cock in deep and I once again had the pleasure of feeling him unload inside of me.

He kind of collapsed onto me, pushing me flat on the bed into a pool of my own cum, but he kept pushing his hips forward, so his juicy cock remained deep in my asshole as he finished blowing his load.

Paul pulled his cock out and lifted himself off of me. He headed down the stairs. I turned over, out of the cum drenched area, and lay with my head on a pillow against the headboard. He came back with our pints, and handed mine to me. He still appeared to be rock hard. I drained most of what was left of my beer, and set it on the nightstand beside me. Paul finished his and did the same.

He grabbed a pillow from beside me and moved down the bed below my legs. I bent my legs so my kness were up, and Paul pushed them back and lifted my hips, placing the pillow under them.

"I told you I had a couple more left in me lad, and I was not mucking about."

I didn't even reply, didn't have to. I was his cum slut now, we both knew it. If he had more of his seed to release, he could use me as he saw fit. Surprisingly, to me at least, I wasn't limp, I felt a bit of a stirring down there. Paul was an attentive lover, and was fondling my balls and rubbing my cock as if he knew he could get my little guy ready again, and then started using his mouth. It was such a sublime pleasure as my unit slowly woke up and got hard again while he licked and sucked.

It got to the point where I was thinking that I would have to stop him before I blew again. But Paul stopped, sat up, squirted more lotion, and once again, greased up his thick shaft. He pushed my legs back, and put my calves on his shoulders. Once again, I felt his juicy cock head against my asshole, and it slipped easily in.

"Mmmmmmmm!"

I didn't have anything more left in me. I just moaned in pleasure as I focused on the sensation of him sliding in and out. A few times, he would pull all the way out, and a little cum would leak out my cock. Then he would easily slide it back in again and continue to sensually stroke in and out.

He started to jerk me off as he fucked me, and before long, I started having a massive orgasm. I was writhing under him, moaning and squealing, over and over. I didn't even notice that he had let go of my cock, or taken my legs off of his shoulders, but suddenly I felt his mouth against mine.

Our lips locked, our tongues met and intertwined with one another. I noticed how great my inner thighs felt against his body as he fucked me faster and harder. My rapturous orgasm seemed to continue, until he finally pushed hard and deep into me one more time, and for the third time that day, I felt his hot seed gush into me. 

Our lips were locked, breathing into one another, and I had a moment to marvel that he could still have so much sperm left. Time seemed to stand still as my body remained tensed in what was seemingly an endless orgasm.