 8=== > The world's best alarm clock and another new beginning 


Josh burrowed deep into the softness of the bed with his body attempting to wake up; but his brain fighting against that desire so the dream he was having could continue. His subconscious won the battle over the physical and he faded back into enjoying the impassioned lips that were working his hard tool in his carnal hallucination. The fuzziness of the illusion didn't let him see the face attached to the mouth, but Josh was definitely relishing the mental blow job so much that he felt as if it was real. The intensity of the cerebral-created attention being given his cock, caused him to moan deeply enough in his semi-conscious state that he half woke himself again.

"What time is your first class Joshie?" suddenly filled his ears at the same time the sucking on his rod stopped. 

His eyes snapped open and as he finally focused thru the sleep crusted lids to the guy now licking his balls, he happily cried out "Kyle!" He tacked on a huge smile as realized the dream hadn't been a dream, but was Kyle fellating him while he was still asleep...and realizing that he had spent the night with his special request customer. 

Grinning back at Josh from between his legs, Kyle kissed the wet tip of his morning wood one more time. "I didn't want you to be late and just thought this was better than a noisy alarm clock for you," was the seductive tease Kyle gave him as he moved up the bed and kissed Josh softly on the lips. A strong hand encircled his manhood again and Kyle purred in his ear "It's only 6:30...my neuroanatomy class isn't until 8...you have time for a little pre-breakfast fun? Make you my special pancakes afterwards if you do." 

Josh answered by snatching a handful of dark hair; pulling Kyle's face back to his; and slipped his tongue between the full lips of his dream guy. In between nibbling on Kyle's upper lip and soft whimpers of pleasure, Josh managed to get out, "PolySci at 8, too." As their hands started exploring each other and their bodies began grinding against each other, Josh quipped, "We've got time if you can loan me a clean shirt and pair of socks." 

He felt Kyle's fingertips start tickling his balls, and his mouth kissing his way across Josh's chest and down his stomach. "Help yourself to whatever you need from my closet baby," was the final comment as Josh watched his cock disappear again into Kyle's mouth. 

Josh once again allowed Kyle to be in complete control and closed his eyes as he was being pleasured. As his sunrise wood kept slipping slowly in and out of Kyle's hungry lips, the neurons in his finally fully awake cerebrum bounced from the eroticism of his first ever morning blow job and recalling the little details of the previous night. In between twisting his fingers in Kyle's dark locks, moaning softly, and lightly grinding his hips upwards every so often; Josh flashed back to how they had sat cuddled up in the corner of the leather couch for the longest time after their massive orgasms. 

Kyle had snuggled into his arms and Josh held him as they talked about so many things until well into the wee hours of the morning. He listened as attentively to Kyle tell him about growing up in upstate New York, as Kyle listened with equal interest to him talking about coming from a rural area of Florida. He was teased about being a wuss for playing soccer in high school, and Josh kidded him back about being a hockey jock solely to try to impress the airhead chicks. He found out Kyle was the oldest with two sisters, and he explained what being the youngest with two older brothers was like. Josh confessed that until just a few months ago, he had been a total virgin to sex...gay or straight. Kyle recanted how he not only had come out at 16, but also had an intense and serious relationship his last two years of high school...one that ended very badly when his boyfriend announced to him during his first visit home from college, that he was getting married because 'I can't BE gay Kyle.' Josh had questioned him about the coming out to the family process; wanting to be able to do the same, but scared. Kyle told him in detail how he had gone thru it and discovering just how deep his family's love for him was...especially his father, who had always been his hero and best friend. Josh was moved almost to tears when Kyle painted a picture of his Dad and him sitting alone together at their lakefront fishing camp the weekend he confessed to his family, and how he had cried out at one point, that he wanted to be fixed. His Dad immediately wrapped his arm around him and simply said, 'Kyle...you aren't broken. Be who you are because nothing...nothing at all...will ever change my love for you,' and hugged him tight. 

Josh was really smiling at that last memory when Kyle's oral talents suddenly snapped him back to the present, and he shifted sideways on the king sized bed so that Kyle could stretch out too. He then spun himself and began licking and kissing his way up the inside of the lightly furry thighs. Kyle shuddered and swallowed him totally as Josh flicked his tongue across the taut balls between his legs. He teased his way up Kyle's bone and sampled the morning precum that was seeping from his slit before taking him in his mouth. As their knees pinched against each other's ears and they completed the 69 entanglement, Kyle increased the tempo of his head bobbing and Josh knew he wouldn't last much longer. Wanting to cum together for the first time, Josh intensified his own motions and Kyle followed suit. 

A barely understandable, "I am so close Joshie," managed to slip from Kyle's full mouth as he began to hump with his hips.

A mumbled, "Me too, Kyle. Me tooooo!" spurted from Josh's equally packed lips as he felt the rumbling of his balls begin. 

Kyle glommed two handfuls of ass cheek and pulled Josh into him hard.

Josh moaned loudly and jammed his face down Kyle's cum hydrant until his nose felt thick pubes and his tonsils felt the throbbing head. 

Kyle took only three or four more rapid full mouth strokes on him before Josh began shaking. Just as his boy lava went past the point of no return up his shaft, he tried to cry out that he was cumming before the first mass of white cream blew from his cock...but Kyle's own juices began flooding his mouth and drowned out any chance of him saying anything. Both Josh and Kyle's lips held tight on each other as they continued to spasm uncontrollably in each other's mouths. The animalistic grunting of two viral males climaxing, was finalized with simultaneous final hip thrusts and last dribbles of man jam into each other's mouth.

Kyle was the first to release his lip lock and he pushed Josh flat on his back as he whipped his body around and pinned his nakedness to Josh's. After a good full minute of snowballing their loads together as they shared a deep kiss, Kyle propped himself up on his elbows and let his eyes bore into Josh's. They were the bluest he had ever seen eyes and the sparkle in them was like the sun reflecting on a still lake. Josh was running his hands slowly up and down his back, when Kyle finally broke the long silence with "Do you have any idea how hot you make me, little man?"

Josh smiled at the compliment and saw the twinkling gold flecks floating in the hazel eyes gazing at him. "Can't be any hotter than you make me, stud." The inflection in his voice and the soft kiss he planted on Kyle's lips said he was completely serious. Josh also knew that the thoughts going through his brain at that moment weren't only about a physical hotness; but something that made every part of him hard; and wanting to get to know Kyle much better than just how he made him cum like a volcano. 

"Oh hell Joshie! It's already 7:15!" Kyle rolled off the bed and pulled Josh to his feet also. As he held him in his arms, he intoned, "Neither of us needs to cut a class, so the bad news is that I am gonna have to owe ya breakfast...but the good news is, we will need to share the shower if we are going to make it to campus on time." The boyish grin that never failed to intrigue Josh was on Kyle's face. 

A wide smile appeared on Josh's face. "Hope you know that I will be holding you to that breakfast rain check some morning." 

Kyle smiled back and simply stated, "You pick the morning baby." He grinned as he added "One like we just had would be a fine appetite builder too."

Josh's smile changed to a slightly evil grin. "Convince me to spend the night again, and I will be the alarm clock the next time." 

"Make it this week Josh...if you want to."

"What do you mean 'IF I want to?' You have any question about me wanting to make it a date?" The playful grin on Josh's face spread even wider as he took Kyle's hand and pulled him towards the master bathroom. "Let's work out which day that will be while we are soaping each other down."

* * * * *

The next three days were a mixture of emotions for Josh and they reached a crescendo pitch on Friday night. Thankfully, it would all reach a fantastic climax in just a few more hours.

Part of him was floating so high in the clouds that everyone around him thought he was constantly stoned, even though he hadn't smoked pot in almost a week. Another part of him was fantasizing often, and always about Kyle. Sometimes he became visibly sad as the minutes and hours seemed to drag on so slowly towards the 2 AM closing time. Other times found him zoning out as he tried to sort in his mind what made him harder...the fun, spontaneous sexual adventures he had become accustomed to...or the inexplicable rush and feelings he got when he and Kyle were together. Even fear crossed through his brain as he admitted to himself; that for the first time ever; he really wanted to tell his family and friends the truth about his very natural attraction to other guys. And a big part of him was a bundle of nerves from the commitment he had made to Kyle to not masturbate until he brought one extra, off-the-clock, delivery to his house after work on Friday.

As he looked at his watch for the hundredth time that night, he remembered how Kyle had held him so intimately after lathering him up in the shower just 60 some odd hours earlier, and they had both used their hands on each other's cocks to bring on their second thunderous climaxes of that morning as the warm water spilled over them. Just like the other times he and Kyle had gotten each other off, even that ultra quick spontaneous coupling, seemed to be much more than just sex. The next visual in the replay going thru his mind, was as they dried each other off, and the leering glances and smile trading as they rapidly dressed for their classes. That memory always shifted quickly to them standing on the front steps of Kyle's place, making out as they felt yet another erection form in each of their pants and grating their hips together...only stopping when they realized they were filling their fresh underwear with pre cum. Kyle had walked Josh to his car and after kissing him one last time, made him agree to the promise to save every last drop of his boy seed until he came back Friday night. "Don't even jack off baby and I won't either. It will be the best explosion either of us have ever had. Trust me!" was the explanation he gave to convince Josh to the request. Now, almost three full days later; Josh thought to himself just how hard it had been; and then laughed out loud as he realized the double meaning of that thought and recalling how his entire 68" compact body had been a walking, talking, very hard, constant erection for damn near the past 24 hours.

"JOSH! SONBITCH!" The sharpness in Cody's voice snapped him back to reality. "Stop daydreaming and catch those pies rolling out of the oven before they hit the floor!" Josh grabbed the aluminum paddle and caught one just as it begin to slip off the edge.

"Sorry man...I am just not with it tonight," was what he came back with as he quickly cut and boxed the next couple of orders. 

"No shit dude!" Cody stated and then added with a chuckle, "You have been acting like a total blonde sorority chick the last two days. You are either in love or really needing to get laid." 

Josh thought 'Maybe it's both, Cody,' but cut off the words before they could slip from his lips. Rather than attempting any clarification that would only get him talking about something he didn't even understand yet, Josh simply said, "Just lots going on Codeman." He grabbed the next order up and headed for the door rapidly to keep from having to explain further. 

On the short drive to the delivery; which just happened to be at the same freshman dorm he lived in himself; the message tone on his cell went off. Josh fished it out his cargos pocket and smiled as he flipped it open...already assuming that it was yet another blatant teasing text from Kyle. He smiled and rubbed the instant wood he got from reading "Just a couple more hours Joshie, and I will be licking every square inch of your body." 

"I am going to lick parts of yours you didn't even know existed, stud," was the quick return he sent after he finally found a slot to park in at the dorm. While he walked to the building and slowly climbed the three flights of stairs with yet another huge bulge leaking in his shorts, he reminisced about how all this had started.

The first text Kyle had sent him on Wednesday morning had came halfway thru his PolySci class, and was simple but mysterious: "If you don't know what the word 'edging' means, you will by the time you get to my house Friday night." The inquiring text he sent back to Kyle, got him a rapid response of "I want to be naked with you right now instead of listening to this boring lecture." While Josh was snickering and typing a reply, a second message came in. "I want to suck your pretty cock baby until it is hard as an oak and leaking like a busted water main." He just stared at the cell screen with a combination blush and smile on his face as a split-second woody filled his shorts. It was the first of many more to come over the next few days, thanks to uncountable similar texts he traded with Kyle...so many that by late Thursday evening, it was all he could do to not just give in to the constant tingling of his balls and take matters in his own hands...but he had promised not to. He also accepted that he couldn't jump in his car and head for Kyle's house that night, because in between the dirty messages being zapped back-and-forth, he knew that Kyle was studying for an important exam. The last text he had received that night was shortly after 1AM and caused him both a giant; almost hurtful; erection...and sometime in the middle of the night, one hell of a wet dream. 

"Night baby. Have to be acing a test in seven hours but wanted you to know I have named that big, soft, body pillow 'Joshie' and I am hugging it right now with my legs wrapped around it and my hard cock buried in it. See you in 24 hours studpuppy. Smooch!" 

Josh's response of "Can't wait to replace that pillow for you and make those huge balls explode inside me," went unanswered until the next morning. He didn't feel bad about maybe violating their agreement on a technicality for the sticky mess of a wet dream he had awaken to, when he read Kyle's first text of the new day: "Good morning my sexy little man. If you woke up as wet as I did and I was there right now, I would be lapping up all that sweet boy milk your mind made you give up in the middle of the night." He was thinking of how eerie and also how extraordinary it was that Kyle always seemed to just know some things, when a follow up text came quickly. "I'm not sure what I did to you in my dream, but I leaked a half quart on my tummy sometime last night. A third one came almost instantaneously: "But don't worry. Not making little Kyle do push ups in my hand for three days means I still have a couple gallons left! LOL"

Josh had to put his reflections of how horny the long term edging with Kyle had made him on the back burner as he knocked on the door of dorm room #317 and tried to hide the massive lump in his cargos. He wasn't sure if the hard breathing was from the release he needed so desperately, or if it was thanks to the hike from the parking lot and up three flights of stairs, but his wind was taken away again when the door popped open. 'Oh hell no! I do NOT need this temptation right now!' was what flashed thru his mind as he was invited into the room by the hottest guy in the dorm...and who was standing there wet from the shower, and trying to hold a much too small towel around his waist. As the freshman hunk turned and bent over to grab the money laying on his bed, Josh couldn't help but lick his lips as the towel slipped enough to give him a shot of the finest bubble butt cheeks in the building.

Not even showing the slightest bit of embarrassment, this guy simply bunched the towel up above his pubes and let it dangle between his long legs as he turned back around. The thoughts going thru his mind were suddenly broken with, "Your name is Josh, isn't it?" 

Doing everything he could to not stare, Josh replied, "Umm yeah. I live on the second floor man. Seen you around a few times. Your name is Tyler isn't it?" His friendly jabber was more for working a potential tip than for what happened next.

"Yep. Tyler...Tyler Stevens." The wide smile on his face was like a drug...to say nothing of what the near-nakedness was doing to Josh's overly horny mind. 

As he took the cash and pushed the pizza box at the customer, Josh whipped off his standard comment of "Be careful bro...it's hot on the bottom." He inhaled deep as Tyler shamelessly let the towel drop to the floor as he used both hands to take the box holding the hot pie. At least five inches of thick, soft cock was swinging between Tyler's legs as he sat the pizza on the desk next to the bed. After all the hours of boning up constantly and not beating off while he and Kyle edged, Josh couldn't help but stare and wonder what it looked like hard. It also made Josh very nervous as he thought about whether he could say no if this went much further.

"Nothing wrong with a hot bottom," was the line that came from Tyler as he stepped closer to Josh and winked. Josh gasped in lust as a hand found his full crotch and squeezed gently. "And I've heard you are the hottest thing in a pizza hat on campus." 

Normally, Josh would have already had his hands running all over the nude body in front of him...hell, it wasn't even a question at that point that the customer wanted to play...but his brain kept reminding him that Kyle was waiting for him with his own three day build up of man juice in storage. It came as a little shock as he realized that as much as he wanted to get it on with this hunk, he didn't want to give up his own full balls...or any other part of his body...to anyone BUT Kyle right now. As his brain scrambled for the right way to stop Tyler from advancing him to a point of no return, his pants pocket began to vibrate and then the message tone went off. Knowing damn well it was most likely yet another text from Kyle; but having had a sudden idea zing thru his brain; Josh took the opportunity to pull out the phone and check it quickly. "Fuck man! It's the shop telling me get back now because they are slammed," was the lie he told Tyler. He pasted an 'I am so sad' look on his face and added, "We need to finish this up some other time I guess," as he backed towards the door. 

Tyler was obviously disappointed, which was evidenced by both the frown on his face too, and the large swollen manhood that was at full attention against his stomach now. He came up behind Josh as he was turning to open the room door, and pressed himself tight against Josh's cheeks. "Hate it that you can't stay for a while, but I understand." He dry humped Josh as he added "But remember how good this feels and don't forget I am just one floor up from you." 
