 8===> Three very strange deliveries creates more confusion for Josh

Cody and I were almost done working a closing shift when two calls came in back to back. "Looks like you win a double buddy...they are both going to Motel Sex," was his pronouncement followed by a good chuckle. 

We referred to the Motel 6 in our delivery area as 'Motel Sex' because they ran late night special rates when their occupancy rate was down to attract the college kids wanting to get it on and wanting privacy. Most figured that the $20 deal they offered for the night was a bargain instead of having to cope with getting roommates to give them a couple hours of time alone with their date; much less the whole night. The motel rented at least a couple dozen extra rooms every weekend that way and everybody was happy. Unfortunately, orders coming in from there late, were also low tippers or total stiffs...to say nothing of having to look at nearly naked buff guys that only wanted to get rid of you as quick as they could and get back to their woman. 

"Oh well...maybe this is my night to get lucky...maybe even a twofer," was what I tossed back at Cody with a wink. Twofer was typical delivery code for getting a great tip from both customers on a double run, but Cody and I had adapted it to meaning the ultimate goal of two customers we scored sack time with. It had happened to him once last year, and I was still waiting for my first to occur. My wild oats side still surfaced far too often. I needed a boyfriend!

He grinned wide and came back with "Right...keep thinking that some straight boy will just decide to ignore the chick with the huge rack already in his bed, to give you a blowjob as a tip." 

I knew he was totally right about that. Ten minutes later as he was cutting and boxing the orders, he got a real serious look on his face and suggested "Or maybe it is your night to end up with a hot guy in each room all ready to play. Hope you ate your Wheaties this morning!" We both laughed as I bagged up the order and headed out the door knowing my odds for either a good tip or a decent quickie from either room was pretty damn slim. 

Once in my car, I cranked up the tunes and lit a Winston to enjoy on the way over to the motel that was about eight minutes away. My mind wandered to what Cody had last said and my box twitched as I thought about getting hit on two times in a row with no time to recover. I normally didn't have a problem easily getting hard again right away, and a few times where I never even went soft...but wasn't too certain if I could do it with two different guys only a few minutes apart. Smiling at the thought of such a challenge, I gave myself a quick squeeze and then flicked the cigarette butt out the window as I pulled into the motel lot and headed for room 120 first. 

Even though they had ordered last, first floor deliveries always took priority over having to walk up a flight of stairs...and the other delivery was for room 233 on the other side of the building and square in between both sets of stairs. 'Fuck 'em!' I said to myself and then muttered out loud, "If I have to climb stairs and walk that far; they get to wait a few minutes longer." I parked in front of 120, switched off the car, grabbed the top bag in the seat beside me, and sauntered up to the door. Hearing no noise and having noticed that not even the dull glow of a TV was showing underneath the heavy drapes covering the large window, I knocked lightly. An eyeball peeked between the curtain momentarily and I pasted a smile on my face for at least the twentieth time that night as I heard the double lock get turned and the door slowly opening to the dark room. 

As my eyes tried to adjust to the darkness, I quickly noticed a nice looking bare chest and set of abs thanks to the reflected parking lot lights I held back a gasp as I glanced lower and realized the good looking torso was standing there nude. Just as a hand cupped my crotch, a lusty and somewhat familiar voice whispered, "Come on in pizza boy...I have a special tip for you." My body crossed the threshold; partially because it wanted to; and partially because the hand wrapped around my balls was pulling it inside. As the form dropped to its knees and began undoing my cut offs, I sat the pizza bag on the little round table next to the window and strained to see what had just yanked my shorts to my ankles. 

I could just barely see my hard cock bob in the air once before the still unknown head took half my thick shaft into its mouth in one motion. My hands went directly to his hair and I pulled him tight and moaned. "Oh yeah buddy...swallow all of that tool," slipped from my lips as I rammed the head into his tonsils. I figured if you want me that bad, then I want your throat just as bad also. Strong hands grabbed my now bare ass, pulling me forward, and I felt very talented throat muscles clench the head of my dick as my balls slapped against a very smooth chin. I leaned against the door...holding my unknown benefactor's ears tight as he began a very deliberate and experienced mouthing of my hard on. His lips were tight over his teeth; his mouth moist; and had hands that were running all over me as he sucked me. Between his slurping up and down my cock, rubbing my balls, and tickling my exposed asshole, I wasn't going to last long. After a minute or two more of letting him treat me to the best blow job I had that week, I tried pulling him off, but he refused to loosen the grip his throat had on me. I resigned myself to the reality that he fully intended on doing me without letting me even touch the large hunk of manhood I had caught a shadowy glimpse of earlier. I warned him I was getting close, and relaxed against the door moaning. The impassioned lips locked even tighter on me as he silently begged for my full load with his head moving faster and faster on me. 

"I'm tellin' ya dude...I am close! Pull off or take two days worth," was all that came from my lips before my balls started to rumble and a full load started up my throbbing, satiny shaft. That only got me pinned solidly to the door and I felt his lips bury themselves in my pubes as he impaled himself with my trembling flesh spear. My fingers were twisting in his hair and I quietly screamed as the first wad exploded down his hungry throat...followed by three more in rapid succession before he pulled back and took two more ropes across his face. I was still moaning in delight and my cock was dribbling a final ooze, as he quickly stood up and pasted his face to mine. As the tongue soaked with my juice was shoved between my lips, I felt the pressure of a hard cock against my stomach as we kissed in still full-blown lust. I was so turned on and wanting to return the favor...not giving a damn at all, at how late the other motel customer's order was getting. I worked my way between his legs and wrapped my hand around what had to be at least seven inches; but before I could drop to my knees, he pushed my hand away and spoke as he walked away from me.

"Not yet, Joshua. You need to come back when you get off and be able to spend the time to do me right for that one."

I was more shocked by his casual use of my formal name than I was the attention this mystery man had just given my now wilting tool. The snicker in the darkness now came from the bed and pushed my curiosity to the max. I fumbled for the wall switch and flipped it. The sudden explosion of light partially blinded me, but I finally focused to see Chris's fine high school swimmer's body stretched across the bed grinning at me. 

"I'll keep this ready for you until you get back," was the tease he gave me as he played with the rock hard cock that was oozing pre in his hand. My confused look got the added explanation of "Mom and Dad are having a party at the house and I wanted some good dick tonight...so Cody helped me out to be sure I could get some." His eyes sparkled as he dismissed me with, "Hurry back college boy...I'll be good and ready."

I pulled my shorts back up and then walked to the bed where I lightly slapped his bubble butt as I leaned down to give him another kiss. "See you in about 30 minutes little hunk." I ran my thumb across his oozing slit as I stood back up and then licked his sweet jis from it as I said, "Don't waste any of that until I get back. You know how I like quality teenage protein." 

"No worry Josh...I've been saving up for three days to fill you up and another half hour of edging will just add to the gallon in my balls already." His lips formed an evil grin as he added, "You can even bring Cody too, since I probably have enough for both of you."

"I just might do that if he is in the mood," was my reply along with my own grin. "Right now, I have to figure out how to explain to the other customer on the other side of the motel, why their pizza took so long."

Chris laughed and then asked "Well...isn't '30 minutes or a free blowjob' the rule?" 

"The mood I am in right now thanks to you, I could probably handle that," I answered back also laughing before adding with a wink: "And still be ready for you too."

Chris smiled and said, "Well go do whatever it takes and get back here quick. My balls are getting blue."

I tickled his sack lightly with my fingers before spinning and heading for the door. "They'll get emptied soon baby...just keep you hands off that thing and you will see the wait will be well worth it," was my final comment as I left the room. 

Back outside, I jumped into my car and drove to the other side of the motel building. Grabbing the second hot bag, I prayed the pizza was still at least semi warm as I ran up the stairs to the second floor and down the walkway to room 233. My triple rap on the door was quickly answered but thanks to the shadows being cast by the parking lot lighting, the only thing I could see was a set of good looking pecs, a hairless tummy, and a huge hard on standing inside the dark room. 'Da-damn! Is everyone that's hungry at this hour hanging out naked?' is what I thought to myself. As soon as I heard the voice, I realized it was Rob!

"Took ya long enough hot stuff...Cody said you would be here quick. Now get your fine ass in here and get naked too," was the only thing he said as he pulled me inside and shut the door before driving his hot tongue deep into my mouth. He started fumbling with the snap on my cut offs and as he unzipped me, added "This is only a start...be back for round two as soon as you can 'cause I am in town for the whole weekend and want to spend it in bed with you."

As he slid my shorts down my legs, I dropped the pizza bag on the floor and uttered a silent prayer for a quick recover from the blow job I had just gotten from Chris in the other room. My cock was beginning to cooperate by growing quickly as Rob dropped to his knees and took me in his wet mouth. But I still was going to need a way to deal with two guys both wanting me back in their motel rooms within the hour...especially since it was obvious that my high school buddy from home, Rob...who now had me all the way in his throat and his face pasted to my pubes...wasn't going to let me off the hook after driving more than three hours across the state. 

Just before Rob brought me my second eruption within minutes, I realized how I had been set up. Cody had one hell of a lot of explaining to do when I get back to the shop! 

* * * * *

"You are such a son bitch! My balls actually hurt right now!" were the first words Josh spat out at Cody as he walked back thru the driver's door at the pizza joint. 

That comment and the grin on his face, told Cody that he was being both very facetious, and that Josh had indeed scored a twofer at Motel Sex. It was somewhat a cruel joke to play on his friend, but Cody couldn't pass up the opportunity when he got separate calls from both Chris and Rob earlier in the evening.

"What's wrong buddy?" he sarcastically began, and then added, "Have a problem keeping up with your deliveries?" along with a good laugh and wink.

Josh tossed the empty hot bag in his hand at his friend as he came back with "Keeping it up is never a problem bro. You letting me walk into a double set up like that with no warning...especially with it being Rob and Chris...was just a little on the sadistic side though." Cody was still laughing as Josh tacked on, "And you are going to help me get out of the mess of both of them expecting me back there when we close!"

Cody walked over and draped his arm over his buddy's shoulder as he offered "Come on man...you have two hot, young, horny guys both wanting you, and you want ME to help out? Sheesh! It's not like you haven't been in a threeway before." He squeezed Josh's shoulder and concluded with, "Quit your bitchin' and jump on the opportunity dude!"

Josh dropped his eyes to stare at the floor as he explained. "Yeah. But to tell ya the truth, Cody..." He started shuffling his feet before continuing with "...you know I love getting it on with Chris, but I would actually like to spend time with just Rob tonight." As he raised his head again, his eyes were silently pleading as they stared deeply into Cody's. 

"You have a major hard on for him, don't you?" Cody accented the comment with a smile.

Josh blushed a little before answering. "I don't know if calling it a 'hard on' is the best way to describe it; but damn Cody; he was my best friend all thru high school, and we haven't really talked since...since...since that first time when he was here last month." Josh settled into the hard plastic chair setting against the wall and dropped his head into his hands for a moment and then looked back up at Cody with a slight grin added to break the serious tone. "Kind of difficult to give Rob the attention I need to, when Chris will be all over both of us. Plus, I am not all that certain that Rob wouldn't freak at the idea. From what he told me later that other weekend, he had never done anything with another guy before and wasn't sure he ever would." He completed the short diatribe with, "And Chris even suggested bringing you back with me, so I'm sure it would be cool with him if just you showed up." 

Cody couldn't resist the puppy dog eyes that were begging him. "You are so gonna owe me bro. Just be thankful I didn't already have plans and am in the mood for that tight little ass he has." He ruffled Josh's hair with his hand as he jokingly said "Go be with your boyfriend and make the wedding plans. I'll make up some decent excuse for why you don't show up and pick up the slack for you with Chris." 

The look of trepidation that had been on his face, was suddenly replaced with a large smile and Josh jumped up and hugged Cody. "Thanks man! Thank you so much!" As he let go of the bear hug he had on his co-worker, Josh added "If there does end up being a wedding at some point, you will be best man." They both chuckled at the thought and then concentrated on finishing up the sweeping and mopping of the shop so they could leave and meet up with their respective dates for the night.

It had been just under an hour since Josh had last pulled into the motel driveway, but this time he headed directly for the back side of the building. Cody was right behind him and flashed his brights and gave him a thumbs up out the driver's window, before pulling into the empty stall next to Chris's Miata. Josh waved back as he swung behind the two story structure and whipped into a slot right at the exterior stairway. He snickered to himself as he thought about how climbing the stairs and trotting halfway down the length of the building right now was no where near the chore he usually looked at it as...but then he already knew he had an exceptionally good tip waiting for him and he took the stairs two at time.

The metal door of room #233 opened up for him for the second time that night almost as soon as he knocked on it. The room was nearly as dark as it had been before, but the light coming from the open bathroom door allowed Josh to see the outline of Rob standing there. Still shirtless, but now wearing a pair of super tight, square cut shorts, Rob smiled as he took Josh's hand and dragged him into his arms. His hand was groping Josh's box as he slipped his tongue between Josh's lips and lustily whispered, "I see the extra sausage they left off the pizza, has finally shown up." The moan that Josh made was more from hearing Rob use a form of the oldest bad line in the world on a pizza guy, than from the warm moist tongue that was exploring his mouth. 

"Good thing you had a connection at the shop, because we don't normally deliver just a topping by itself," was the equally bad comeback he gave Rob as they grinded against each other. Josh slipped his hand between them and as he rubbed the huge bulge he found in Rob's square cuts, he added, "Looks like you already have a nice pepperoni stick to go along with the sausage too." They both snickered at the dialog they had used on each other, knowing it could only be found in a truly bad porn movie otherwise.

Without any more words, Josh popped the snap on Rob's shorts as he guided him backward to the bed and gently pushed him down to a sitting position. His nipples became instantly erect as Josh massaged his pecs. Rob reached up and undid Josh's cutoffs quickly and slid them down his legs. Josh slipped out of his sneaks and pulled off his work tee as he stepped out of the shorts bunched around his ankles. Rob was nuzzling the lump in his friend's boxers with his face when Josh suddenly crawled up in the bed and positioned himself behind Rob. He wrapped his arms around him and began kissing and nibbling at Rob's neck as he pulled him back into his warm, nearly naked body. Josh played with Rob's chest some more before he moved his hands down the smooth stomach and unzipped Rob's shorts. His left hand snaked inside them and constricted around the one-eyed anaconda. Then he pulled Rob with him as he fell to his back on the bed and used his right hand to push his friend's tight and sexy shorts down while slow stroking him. Rob twisted his head sideways and kissed Josh at the same time he used his hands to help him get the overly snug square cuts off. He shuddered as he felt Josh's thick cock bump against his now naked butt crack and sucked hard on the tongue in his mouth.

Josh's hips were rotating against Rob's ass. He ran his hands into the thick shag of hair on Rob's head and pulled the face even tighter to his. The leg motions he used to get the shorts off his feet, forced Rob to squirm, and Josh moaned into his mouth as Rob's hard cheeks grinded even more against his tool. Even though he had emptied his balls twice in the past hour, Josh was oozing a fair amount of pre into his boxers. Wanting to feel total skin-on-skin, he fumbled at them and managed to slip the underwear down far enough to snag the front of the waistband beneath his balls. The combined sensation of his wet cock head dripping; the bottom side of his shaft sliding up and down between the vise-like cheeks of his best friend; and the voltage shocking thru both of them as their tender balls bumped with every move, made Josh crazy and he bit down on Rob's tongue. 

"mmMMmmmMMM!" was the sound that escaped from Rob's lips and he slammed back into Josh's crotch so hard that he was rolled to his back on the bed. In one quick motion, Rob rolled over also and spun up and around, positioning his ass right on the underside of Josh's hard cock and pinning it flat between his crack and Josh's thick pubes. He began a very slow and deliberate rocking back and forth as his sparkling eyes stared into Josh's. The amount of pre cum gushing onto his stomach made Josh remember that Rob hadn't gotten off earlier and he reached out to fill his palm with his friend's slime and then began working him. He looked up just in time to see Rob's eyes snap shut and his mouth whimper "Ohhhh. Fuck. YESSS! Josh!" at the same time his hips began sliding even more rapidly on Josh's throbbing cock. As inexperienced as he was certain Rob was, Josh couldn't believe how expertly he was using his hard cheeks to horn Josh to the max with nothing more than frottage. 
