 8===> Josh discovers what all 'being a delivery boy' can include

I spent the entire day unable to think about much except the experience from the night before with the football stud. I made it to all my classes, but was constantly day dreaming about the hunk that had introduced me to a whole new world just hours earlier. If I wasn't boning up thinking about having Tony be the first dick to ever cross my lips, I was leaking pre in my jeans remembering how fantastic it felt when that gorgeous hunk took me to his bedroom and went down on me...bringing me to the biggest orgasm I had ever had when he gave me my first blow job. 

After my last class, I rushed back to my dorm room and pounded off to the vivid memories that wouldn't stay out of my mind. Afterwards, I hopped in the shower before changing into my cutoffs and company tee for evening shift. Tuesday was usually slow and therefore an easy night. Wouldn't hurt anything either knowing one of the other drivers scheduled with me that night was Cody. Even before his and Bryan's opening up to me, I enjoyed being around him because he used his wicked sense of humor to keep things light...even when we were slammed out with stacked up deliveries and trying to find our own asses with both hands.

He and I clocked in at the same time and jumped on the early rush orders that had already piled up without much conversation between us beyond the normal kidding about who got stuck with the freshman dorm runs where tips sucked, and who was going to grab the gravy tip money that usually went with the runs to sorority row. We stayed busy enough the first couple of hours that all we did was pretty much wave at each other when we passed in the parking lot coming and going. By 8:30, business died down and we had a chance to hang out back to split the joint he scored from a grad student that was a teacher's assistant in one of his classes and trade war stories of the night's other customers. Just as we were finishing up the weed, Cody looked at me and grinned. 

"Sounds like we both maxed out on tips already tonight and you know they will want a couple volunteers to go home early. The guys that moved into that shitty duplex next to the Shell station on Old Palafox gave me a six pack of Bud as a tip...I think we should run up to the old railroad bridge at the river and make it disappear." He had a grin big enough to span the Grand Canyon on his face, when he added "Maybe even get in some skinny-dipping time too."

I told him "You're suggestion sounds better than standing around here waiting for something to happen. Let's do it!" Within 15 minutes we were in his old Firebird on the way.

We bullshitted on the short ride and Cody seemed far too interested in more details than I wanted to give when I mentioned my last delivery the night before was to the star quarterback's place. "It's all cool dude. Tony is known for tipping well...one way or the other." The wink he added at the end made me wonder what he meant but I was concentrating more on the growing bulge in my cutoffs than his comments, thanks to once again remembering of what all had happened the night before. 

Tuesday nights weren't exactly a busy time for the popular party and make out spot. Cody just pulled his car off into the dirt of the deserted makeshift parking area; grabbed the cold beer from the back seat; and simply said "Follow me, stud puppy." It was the tag he hung me the first night we worked together. He said my big eyes reminded me of a beagle, but I was too young to be a big dog yet. I hated it at first, but at least it gave me enough of a rep at the shop that helped me hide that the only sex I was getting was thanks to my right hand...well until last night anyway. I grinned at the memories again and shifted the half hard piece of flesh in my pants as I followed Cody onto a path in the trees. 

We popped thru the dense growth about fifty yards later and were standing on a rock ledge overlooking the Perdido River. The half moon provided just enough light to shimmer on the surface of the water, and still leave the woods edge in dark privacy. "Cool place to bring a date dude...remember how to get here if you ever get lucky," was his advice as he flopped down on the ground and ripped a single free from the plastic rings of the six pack of brew. 

"Fuck you bitch," was my reply as I took the beer he was holding up towards me. "I get lucky more than you know."

"Sure you do stud puppy...that's why you always take forever to make a run to the Tri Sigs...gotta stop on a dark street and beat off from seeing that much pussy all at once!" 

I flipped him off as I pressed the beer to my lips not wanting to admit just how close to the truth he was...except I didn't stop tonight even though I wanted to, after having to deliver to a pool at an off campus apartment complex where the guys were all fine and in well packed Speedos. 

"Dude...I know how it is. The bitches at Tri Sigs have always made it a game of theirs to fuck with the pizza guys. They think it is so damn funny to get us inside the door, make us wait while they find their money, and then start the parade of half dressed hot chicks coming by and winking or reaching out and rubbing your chest and grabbing your crotch while whispering their room numbers. They call it 'twatting the delivery boy' and take prick teasing to a whole new level. I got stuck delivering there tonight and they tried to horn me up something fierce."

I reached out and grabbed a second beer while listening and noticed Cody's hand gently rubbing a huge lump in the front of his worn jeans. 

"Wouldn't be so bad if any of them ever put out...not that I would want anything but a good head job from them anyway...but they just get you good and boned and laugh as you try to walk back to your car. Doesn't help that I still get hard as easy as I did when I was 16...instantly! I may prefer guys, but little Cody doesn't discriminate when it's a friendly hand teasing him."

Even with the shadows, I could see Cody's palm pressing down on his bulging crotch even more. I stared and hoped the darkness would mask my looking.

"But hell...you are only 18...you know what it's like. I bet you bone up more times a day than you can count. I just wish I could whack off every time instead of trying to hide it behind books or a pizza bag. Would be so much easier...and fun."

His words were far too true because between the constant flashbacks to the night before and now Cody talking like he was and playing with his growing box, I was getting harder and hornier with every movement of his hand.

"Shit Codeman...just pound that thing a half dozen times a day like I do and you should be fine," I joked. 

"Right studpuppy...six times a day. Tell me another story about how you can paint the ceiling each time too!" His comeback was accompanied with a hearty laugh. "But you do know what I mean about just getting hard over about anything." 

I was able to see his hand now tracing a rather long lump down one leg of his tight jeans. The combination of the beer and earlier joint let me spurt out with "Yeah...well maybe if you stopped playing with it all the time like you are now, you wouldn't get hard so easy." 

Cody actually half blushed as he tried to cover the massive form and mumbled "Damn man. I can't help it. It is my favorite toy and when it says it's time, my brain shorts out. I haven't gotten off since last night and I am so fuckin' horned right now I can hardly stand it." He accented those last words by blatantly grabbing his dick and squeezing it thru the worn cotton of his Wranglers.

"Well don't get any on me dude," was all I could think to say...especially since my own shorts were ready to explode too. I could even feel the pre seeping into my tighty-whities. 

Cody looked at me and said "Don't joke Josh. I am ready to fuck my fist right now. Even if it means having an audience."

I grinned and teased back with "Don't let me stop you buddy. But I won't applaud unless it is a really good show." The laugh I added was only half in jest. I was pretty sure the look on my face confirmed that also.

Without a word, Cody stared straight into my face as he stood up and unsnapped the button on his jeans. His head rolled backwards as he slipped his hand down inside them and obviously wrapped it the hidden erection. The other hand then moved to slowly pull down the zipper and I gasped as I saw the dark pubes appear and realized he was dressed commando. I was so mesmerized by his movements that I didn't notice he had tilted his head back forward and was watching me watching him. In one quick motion, he finished unzipping and pushed the jeans down partway on his muscled thighs...then leaned back against the large rock outcrop behind him and began pulling on himself.

He snickered as he said "Told you it was my favorite toy and it needed out of the toy box." Tilting his head slightly and staring at my crotch, he quietly said, "Evidently mine is not the only one that needs some attention either. Looks like you are working on a major problem of your own in those shorts, Josh."

I blushed and looked up at him standing above me...his long blonde hair framing his pretty but ruggedly manly face...the thick blonde pubes framing the massive tool being worked just a few feet away at eye level. I wanted to free mine also but looked around nervously.

"It's cool dude...nobody around and we are so far back in, they couldn't see us anyway. Don't make me feel all weird standing here stroking by myself. Plus, it looks like if you don't let that thing free, it's gonna rip the zipper right out of those little Daisy Dukes you are wearing." The understanding laugh he added at the end made me feel strangely more comfortable. 

I stood up and quickly dropped my shorts and briefs; taking the same grip on my rod that Cody had on his. I looked over and grinned as I saw that he was watching me intently as I pushed back and forth into my hand...letting my hips do the work. Seeing my friend in the moonlight, leaning up against the big rock with one hand pumping his tool and the other under his shirt playing with a nipple, was almost more than I could handle. I didn't want him wasting any of that man juice he had in those huge balls that were swinging back and forth between his furry thighs. I stepped out of the shorts that were hugging my ankles and moved over beside him to lean back against the same rock. The moonlight bounced off his blonde bush and almost lit up the large piece of manhood he was working. 

He looked down at me and grinned again just as he let his cock drop from his hand and step in front of me. Staring into my eyes, he grabbed my shoulders as he pasted his lips against mine and gently chewed on the bottom one before sliding his tongue in my mouth. My arms wrapped around him and pulled him tight as our tongues battled inside my mouth. As my hands were running up and down his strong back, he moved his hips to mine and the feeling of his massive cock pressed up against my hairless tummy almost made me cum. I moaned in his ear as he pulled his tongue from my lips and began licking across my cheek to my ear lobe...stopping just long enough to gently chew on the ear flap before beginning to twirl the cat-rough tongue down my neck, across my pecs, teasing both nipples, and continuing to slurp at my stomach as he went to his knees.

His hands were resting my hips as he looked up into my eyes longingly. The only thing that would come from my throat was a muffled "Please," but that was enough as Cody's tongue buried itself in my belly button before tracing its way through my happy trail into my pubes. My legs were quivering as he grabbed the base of my cock and held it straight out to his face and then flicked his tongue across the head to taste the ooze that was dripping from the slit. He smiled and whispered "Sweet! Nothing like fresh boy ball juice," as he licked the head clean and tongued the ridge completely before starting down one side of my cock, licking and kissing. I felt his nose bury in my pubes and heard him inhale deep as he started back up the other side licking and kissing every square millimeter of my satiny pole again. 

My hands were now twisted in his long blonde locks and I pulled his head tight to my trembling crotch...wanting that talented mouth to do more than lick and tease. I repeated my earlier moan: "Please Cody...please suck it! Please suck it now!" and pulled his head down on it.

I almost screamed as he not only slid his mouth over the head, but also took my entire seven inches of throbbing rod all the way in one quick motion. I felt the tip bang against his tonsils and my knees almost went out from under me as he inhaled it down and then started flexing his throat muscles. My balls nearly exploded as he also used his tongue to lick them while they were buried against his chin. In my wildest jack off fantasies, I had never thought of the feelings that were electrifying my whole body at this point. Cody relaxed his throat muscles and let my cock slide back up and nearly out of his lips and then began to rapidly bob up and down on it...sometimes taking just an inch or two...other mouth strokes taking me clear back into his throat again. 

My hands were tight around his head and I began to pump my hips into his face as I felt my balls heat up even more. I began to push and pull him tight to my crotch. From somewhere, "What a fuckin' mouth! Eat that dick you fuckin' cocksucker" slipped from my lips. That only made Cody get hotter and he began slamming his face harder into me...making every mouth movement a full deep one. 

I quickly decided to go with the reaction and added "Yeah buddy...suck that freshman cock...suck it all...suck it deep! Eat me all the way. You love eating my cock so eat it all! I'm gonna drain my full balls down your throat. That's what you want, isn't it? Fill you up with my sticky cum? Tell me you want it all!"

Cody managed to let me slip out of his mouth just long enough to look up at me and plead "Yes...I want every drop of your boy juice in my throat. Please give it to me, Joshua...please!" 

As I grabbed his hair and pushed him back down on my dick, I noticed that he was rapidly yanking on his own tool too. As he swallowed me deep again, I switched from "Suck the jis out of those balls you cocksucker," to "Pound that fuckin' dick in your hand...I aint cummin' until you are ready to blow that big wad you have stored up too. Beat it! Beat it hard and quick cause I am close and need to fill you up! Work that cock and show me what it can do. I wanna see LOTS of cum from you or you aren't getting any from me! And you DO want a big load don't you cocksucker?" The dirty trash talking was a side of me I had no idea existed, but it had me tremendously excited. Cody was obviously into it too.

It set Cody off though, as he began banging his face against my pubes like a jackhammer stuck on high. His hand was moving on himself so fast it was almost a blur. He was managing to take full strokes on me and moan at the same time. 

"You best be ready to take it all or pull off cocksucker, cause I am close...real close!" was met with him locking his lips even tighter around my rod and bobbing his head faster.

"Fine buddy...I am gonna choke you in cum then," and I reached down to twist both his nipples at the same time. Between "Fuck your fist stud...fuck it hard cocksucker!" and constantly harder pressure on his nips, was all it took and Cody let out a howl as he exploded the first of many gigantic wads against my legs. I rammed his head back to my dick and with only another few hip humps into his moist mouth, my own scream filled the air. He kept the lip lock on me as he sucked me dry while splattering my legs, feet, and the rock I was leaning on with what seemed like a gallon of man milk from his nuts. 

As the last droplets fell from our drained cocks, I slid down the rock and Cody collapsed into my arms. I grinned at him and asked him just how long he had this little seduction planned.

He grinned back at me and confessed, "Ever since I drove past Tony's place last night and saw your car there...two full hours after the shop stopped delivering. When we were both freshman, he was my first too!"

* * * * *

The hook up with Cody was satisfying to no end, and even though there was far more connection with him than had been with the football quarterback; I still had some twinges of guilt for enjoying such casual sex. I was brought up in a very Southern Baptist family setting, and even though it was well known that very few males made it to their wedding days as virgins, it was still what was expected of you. And for all the jokes about Catholics and guilt trips; when it came to guilt about sex, the Southern Baptists taught the course!

I wasn't at all sure if the evening of fun with Cody was going to be a one time thing or not, but if it wasn't, I was more than open to the idea of dating a guy like him. But something just said that he was more interested in Bryan and I was merely a fun diversion for that one night.

* * * * *

It was another week later when my wild oats decided they needed tending to again. I was doing a day shift at the shop and when I saw the address on the next run, I smiled. Caddy Shack Lane was a hokey name...obviously lifted from the classic Chevy Chase movie of the same name...but it fit the large houses that bordered the country club golf course. Most everyone in the large subdivision could be depended on for a tip well above average. Getting a delivery there in the middle of the afternoon increased the odds for even bigger ones since they were often going to a bored society wife who had the munchies after getting cocktailed up during the day. I popped the single pie order in my hot bag and headed for my car figuring this one was good enough for at least a $5 score.

Ten minutes later I turned onto Pin High Drive and followed the winding main road past Eagle Place, Birdie Court, Fairway Loop, and Clubhouse Circle sarcastically thinking that the developers must have spent countless days coming up with the street names when they built the place. I was chuckling to myself wondering why they hadn't also used Sandtrap Street, Divet Drive, and Water Hazard Way when I swung onto Caddy Shack which was one of the more expensive sections of the exclusive development. The house I needed was huge and pretty much covered the entire width of the cul-de-sac at the very end of the street. I pulled up in the driveway and parked next to the nearly new Miata sitting outside the garage. My enthusiasm dropped a little because most wives of the wealthy drove BMWs, Jags, or Benz roadsters...the Miatas were the current car of choice for their privileged high schoolers...and they tended to tip for shit. I grabbed the hot bag and ran up the sidewalk darting in between the man-made rain storm coming from the automatic sprinkler that was running full blast. 

I managed to make it to the porch without getting soaked, rang the doorbell, and pasted a smile on my face waiting for one of the huge double glass doors to open. A full minute later, I was still waiting and pressed the button again. Another minute with no response and I peeked inside just in time to see movement thru the heavy shears covering the glass. As the door opened, the words "Sorry man...I was clear out back in the pool," came from the tall, slender guy standing there in a pair of Speedos. I let my eyes wander quickly down across his hairless chest and tummy to catch a glance at a very well packed suit showing just enough hints of a very hairy bush along the edges of the tight fabric before replying "No biggie dude...I'm in no rush...now," and letting the grin return to my face.

I told him his order came to $18.25 and he suddenly looked embarrassed. "Dammit! I left my wallet out at the pool. That's what I get for getting fucked up before ordering food. Come on and follow me so I can pay you." Even though it was against the rules, I decided I would rather follow this young eye candy than just stand on his doorstep staring at the flower beds while I waited. I stepped inside and he closed the door behind me...and locked it. "The pool's this way guy," was all he said before spinning on his bare heel and walking away. 
