 8===> Bacon, eggs, hash browns, & a side of 'Why won't you fuck me?'



Josh shifted almost imperceptibly in the bed as he felt the warmth on his cheek. Squinting through the slit of his partially open left eye, he realized a morning sun beam was peeking between a small gap in the heavy window coverings and had found his face. He didn't want to disturb the calmness of the deep sleep he was slowly coming out of, so he pinched his eye lid back shut and moved his body slightly again. Another warmth stimulated him as he felt the arm draped over him and the hand against his smooth tummy move. As his brain began to pry itself from the slumber, it permitted him to remember he was at Kyle's and not his dorm. He wiggled his naked butt cheeks back into the flesh of the steel-like rod that was poised against them. He gently pushed the hand on his stomach lower as the morning wood twitched in his thick pubes.

"Mmmbbbmmmffggg" and a barely audible snore was all he got as Kyle's hand simply laid on his erection. Apparently, the first touches he had felt were just natural sleep movements and Kyle was still dead to the world except for whatever in his brain was causing the early dawn boner of his own. Rather than wake him right away, Josh snuggled back tighter into the spooning embrace Kyle had on him, and rewound the tape in his head of the night before. Kyle's subconscious made him move his head closer to Josh's and ended up with his nose nuzzled against his neck. Josh hit the replay button in his mind and his cock jumped at the same time as what was most likely a dream-induced soft purring next to his ear from Kyle began. Even though he was out cold, Kyle's paw half wrapped itself around his hardness, and Josh smiled as the first scene from a few hours earlier began to play in his psyche.

'Damn! I really stripped down and stood on his doorstep with nothing on but my hat and sneaks...and hiding my bone under a pizza box!' was Josh's thought as the first visual memory of how the night had started focused behind his closed eyes. He snickered to himself and then had to stifle a laugh as he next relived turning into an uncontrollable wild man and ravishing Kyle on the floor of the entry hall. The held back laugh quickly turned to a very real smile as he recalled the pure eroticism of face fucking Kyle after having him flood his throat, and being asked to spray his face with Josh's own massive build up from the three days of nearly non-stop edging they had teased each other with. Josh fast-forwarded thru the guffaws they shared when they realized that during Kyle's huge orgasm, his fist pounding on the floor as he came, managed to nail the pizza box a few times and they had to peel the sticky cheese from the lid later. He also zipped thru the hours of laying curled up together naked on the leather couch in the spacious living room; talking about life and what each wanted out of it. Josh did take a moment to recollect that even though Kyle was very specific about his goal of becoming a successful doctor; he had spoken at length about how a simple, happy life, with a big older house in the country and a few dogs and cats...and someone to share it with...was what was most important to him. "Gawd! The only thing he didn't paint in that picture, was the white picket fence!" was Josh's thought as he smiled to himself.

The next scene in his brain movie was after they had finally moved to the bedroom. The satisfaction from the initial romp when Josh first arrived had waned, and the kissing and cuddling in the middle of the king sized bed soon found them both hard again and more than ready for round two. They were laying on their sides facing each other and using their hands as if it was the first time they had ever been naked together...both running them up, down, around, and across every part of the warm skin of the other as much as their arm lengths would permit. Their hips ground against each other and their erections constantly bumped; but neither attempted to work a hand between the tightness of their embrace to touch the other. They didn't need to. The pre juice leaking out onto their shafts and stomachs made them both so slick that the friction that was happening as their cocks rubbed, was like two parts inside a piece of well lubed machinery working like it was supposed to, and it created an even more heightened horniness. It was as if they had achieved a Star Trek mind meld as they each just seemed to know this new feeling was something to keep going with...and did!

Their lips became welded together and their tongues battled back and forth. 

The roaming of their hands increased and the tempo of their bucking hips became pronounced.

Deep, guttural, animalistic moans were tumbling from their voice boxes. 

Their lungs were gasping in search of more air rather than break the seal of their lips.

Josh felt his butt cheeks clench at the same time he grabbed Kyle's and pulled him even tighter into his body. 

The sucking Josh was doing on his tongue, became so strong that Kyle wondered if it might end up ripped out by the root if Josh kept it up. 

Kyle constricted his arms even more around the man child he was holding, and his crotch began moving faster against Josh's. 

Josh matched the speed of the thrusting hips and let his tongue follow Kyle's as he pushed it back into his mouth. 

"OhmudderFUCK!!!" slipped from Kyle in the split second before his mouth and teeth began being worked like a psychotic dental hygienist by Josh's tongue tip. He started slamming his hips forward and upward; back and forth; until his and Josh's balls were banging against each other from the frottage. 

Josh felt the hairs beginning to stand up on the nape of his neck, and knew it was the signal that he was at the verge and tried his best to match Kyle's wild thrusting against him. He also knew Kyle's moans and chewing on his tongue said the fuse of his own impending explosion had already been lit and was burning quickly.

With their legs now braided together; their mouths inseparable; their loins crushed into one; and their balls slapping on each hump...the simultaneous trembling of their bodies began. Much like the long, slow rumble of an earthquake does, the shaking was only slight at first but quickly built until the vibrations were mind numbing and that final strong tremor gives way to undulations you just ride out. 

Their faces divorced suddenly, and the shriek of pleasure from Kyle as his balls began unloading up Josh's tummy could have broken glass. The vocals and first wet wads from Kyle shoved Josh to the brink and he too, screamed loudly as his own balls let loose. Both their stomachs became a very soggy and sticky; but very satisfying; mess. 

The memory suddenly went black as Josh heard Kyle's voice mumble in real life again and felt the hips move slowly against his ass. Whatever the sleep induced 'mmmBBgggFFtt' meant, Josh decided to help along the dream Kyle was evidently close to ending. He wiggled his rump back into the bone pressed between his crack and did his best to massage the head pinned against the small of his back. That brought on yet another knowing; but impossible to understand; 'ppprrtttfffggzzzzmm' from Kyle's lips at the same time he felt the balls jammed against the bottom of his cheek crevice, pull up taut. Josh reached down and cupped them gently, and then turned his head enough to be able to whisper in his ear to Kyle's subconscious "Now my sweet man. Finish like you need to."

It was almost silent; but the meaning of the long, low 'mmmmmm' in his ear was unquestioned as Josh felt the dribbles of warm cum begin to squirt on his back. Kyle's eyes were still closed and even with the one last gentle hump against Josh's butt and the smile on his face, there was no doubt he was still fully asleep.

The grin Josh was wearing from knowing his man had cum in his sleep with a little help from him; was suddenly replaced by a combined look of shock and blissfulness as his own cock began convulsing and spraying all over Kyle's hand and the bed. The hand that was still holding him moved only a little as Josh's full morning load coated it. After the contractions in his nether region subsided and the last trickle oozed from his slit, Josh gingerly pulled the soaked hand up to his face to take a taste. As he sucked his own juice off of each of Kyle's fingers, he realized that this was the very first time he had been orgasmic without physical stimulation; well...while awake anyway...and that made him incredibly horny again. 

He snaked out from under Kyle's arm and tenderly rolled him to his back. Josh propped his head on his left hand and leaned up on his elbow staring at the almost angelic look of the sleeping, naked hunk beside him. He felt his cock stir again and leaned over the puddle of spooge on Kyle's skin, and then lowered his lips towards it. After a few soft kisses around his navel, Josh slipped his tongue out and began to mop up the mess Kyle's mind had created from his belly button to his pubes. Just as he was finishing the cleaning by sliding his mouth onto the wet, glistening head of the still half hard tool, he felt fingers in his hair.

"Oh damn baby. Don't stop, because you just woke me up from the most fantastic dream I have ever had! The guy was so fucking hot. And his name was Joshie." 

Josh laughed to himself as he turned his face towards the voice. He smiled best he could with half of Kyle's once again hardening shaft in his mouth, and decided rather than explain anything at that moment or simply bring Kyle off properly with a good blow job...he had something else he wanted to do...and he assumed that with just a little more attention to the right things; Kyle would be in the same mood too. 

* * * * *

The closeness that he and Kyle had developed so rapidly, scared Josh a little. Hell, it was scaring him a lot. But something equally disconcerting began to weigh on his mind as he lay beneath Kyle working his lips back and forth on his second hardness of the morning. After Kyle flipped him to his back and rotated his body on top of him so that they could sixty-nine, Josh did everything he could think of...short of just plain out asking...to get Kyle to reposition himself between his legs and do the one thing they still hadn't after all their couplings so far: actually fuck! 

Granted, Josh loved oral sex and mutual masturbation and the newest thrill of discovering frottage just moments ago was great. Kyle had never failed to make all of it fantastic; but he was also very confused by Kyle's lack so far to take that final plunge and screw him. It wasn't as if he didn't want to have it happen; and Josh had certainly tried to take it that direction a few times; but they always seemed to end up getting off in any position except one...with Kyle deep inside his ass. The sex never failed to be highly erotic. Both of them never failing to expel giant loads said it was always satisfying too. But Josh was beginning to have nagging questions about why the anal action between them always stopped after a good salad tossing or only finished with one of their fingers poking the other's magic button to bring on a powerful orgasm. Kyle had also always politely rebuffed any attempt Josh made at replacing a finger with his own cock. Even though they had talked about sports several times, the 'pitcher/catcher' or 'switch hitter' discussion hadn't yet happened between them as far as positions in the bedroom instead of on the field. Josh knew he was versatile and hated the terms 'top/bottom' because he felt they were too restrictive and tagged stereotypical roles on each other that shouldn't be there. What was beginning to drive him crazy though, was that it was starting to seem as if Kyle wasn't interested in either term. 

Josh's mental discussion with himself and the frustration it was creating suddenly gave way to a long deep moan as Kyle moved his face to his boy slit and pushed a very moist tongue thru his rosebud. He scissored his legs around Kyle's neck and swallowed every inch of his cock as Kyle popped a rolled up tongue in and out of his hole rapidly. After Kyle had boy-muff-dived for a few moments, he quickly switched out his tongue with a spit soaked finger and began to work his lips on Josh's tool again as the finger searched for the special hot spot. 

Just to test the waters once again, Josh slid his tongue slowly over Kyle's taint too, and the ass in his face reacted positively. He chewed gently on it and then moved his teeth to the knot behind Kyle's balls while working his own middle finger thru the tight opening. Kyle's legs spread and a muffled moan came from his full mouth; but the only other reaction Josh's attempt was getting, was to have Kyle slip a second finger in; poke him harder and faster; and match his now rapid hand motions with a similar speed of his lips. In pure, unadulterated lust...the brain in his dick out voted the one in his head and Josh gave in to the twin sensations of his cock being sucked and his bulls eye being bumped, instead of spitting out Kyle's rod and demanded to be bred. 

"Oh hell YES!" screeched from beneath Josh's ball's as he found Kyle's own target and massaged it with a finger tip. The hips attached to his face begin to hump and Kyle whimpered as Josh continued to tease the right spot. A hand encircled his engorged throbber and began a rhythmic stroking as the other one continued jabbing at Josh's detonator. "So close baby...soooo close!" was once again the thoughtful warning Kyle always gave him. But like every other time, Josh only locked his lips tighter in anticipation of the inevitable dam bursting of Kyle's balls. 

Josh tried to cry out also with, "Oh fuck me running!" but it came out of his stuffed mouth as "OohhFFFmmrrnnggg," when Kyle pulled yet another new thing from his bag of tricks. With one lip pasted to his thumb and the other against his index finger, he was jerking his hand up and down in a twisting fashion on Josh's cock, while also fellating him at the same time...and still rubbing the man clit deep inside him with his other hand. The endorphins being released in him from Kyle's work, drove him to yet another new level of ecstasy, and Josh began jamming his hips upward, over and over and over and over...so hard he nearly knocked Kyle off him at one point. 

"Give it up little man!" were the only words Josh heard as both their ball sacs drew up at the same time and their first true mutual eruption started.

As much as Josh loved taking Kyle's seed in his mouth, he couldn't stop himself from spitting the exploding cock from his mouth and screeching like an eagle coming in for a kill. He dug his own set of talons deep into Kyle's back as the huge load spilled across his face, neck, and chest. 

Kyle had only slightly better control when Josh nailed his special spot the last time; also emitting a loud moan that would win a Hollywood horror movie an Oscar for sound effects; but managing to hold the lip lock on him tight enough to capture every single drop of the country boy milk that had been given up as ordered. Even though he was partially paralyzed from the massive orgasm, Kyle rolled off Josh and pulled his face to him. Before planting his cum drenched tongue into the waiting mouth, he softly said, "Gawd are you amazing Joshie." 

"Only when I have the correct motivation," was the teasing reply Josh gave back before he vacuumed up Kyle's tongue. As they began an intense afterglow make out session, Josh wondered 'How long can the sex with this hunk possibly just keep getting better and better?' He silently answered himself with 'Well there is that one other thing to go yet...if we ever get to it.' 

They lay nestled together trading tender kisses with their eyes open for a few more moments...until the earlier invading sun beam shifted and lit up both their faces in a reminder of it being morning. With a last quick kiss on the nose and a pat on Josh's naked ass, Kyle asked "How does bacon, eggs, and hash browns on the grill sound, sweetie?" Before Josh could answer him, "I think I still owe you a breakfast, don't I?" came from Kyle along with that inebriating smile he couldn't ever say no to.

"You could fix pop tarts and a bowl of Captain Crunch, and I would feel like Henry the 8th sitting down to a banquet so long as you are the one that made it for me," was the only thing Josh wanted to say...and did.

Kyle embraced him one more time and whispered in his ear. "You keep saying sweet things like that, and I will want to fix you breakfast every morning." 

Before Josh could process that statement fully and answer, Kyle rolled off the bed and pulled a fresh pair of lime green boxer briefs with a neon purple waistband from his dresser. "Take a shower if you want and then find something skimpy and comfy to wear and meet me on the patio in a few baby," was the comment as he pulled the skin tight A & F undies up his legs. After adjusting the always impressive box they showed off, he jostled the large lump and winked seductively when he realized Josh was watching him with a lustful smile on his face. Before he wandered into the hallway, Kyle caused the very large smile of satisfaction on Josh's face, to morph into full blown laughter with one more question: "I assume that 'over easy' is how you like it?" 

An overly eager "UH HUH!" was about all Josh could get out as his eyes watered from cracking up at the double meaning. 'Gawd, how I wish you would give it to me 'over easy' stud!' was the thought he left unsaid. He excitedly licked his upper lip as he watched Kyle's high and hard ass cheeks move in the briefs as he exited the bedroom, and then closed his eyes to permit himself a few additional moments of afterglow. When he finally got up, he peeked thru the window to see Kyle firing up the grill wearing just the boxer briefs. He grinned as he told himself, "Guess the patio is as secluded as the front porch. Dress appropriately, Josh!" He riffled thru the underwear drawer of Kyle's large dresser...finally picking a pair of loose fitting, rainbow striped, Fruit of the Loom boxers to wear. As he pulled them on and adjusted his bulge, the ongoing blissful memories of the morning's two sex sessions gave way to a reminder of that one nagging question: 'Why doesn't he ever go all the way with me?'

* * * * *

Josh grabbed the pack of Winston's and a lighter from the pocket of his cargo shorts still laying on the floor of the living room on his way to the large glass double doors to the patio. As he stepped through the doors, he noticed the sun was already creeping higher in the sky over the bay. Josh tried to figure out whether the sudden warmth on his skin was coming from it having burnt off the chilly morning air; or if it came from seeing Kyle's darkly tanned back and long thick thighs contrasted by the nearly fluorescent glow of his butt hugging, lime colored briefs. 

"Hey baby," and a wide smile met Josh as he sided up to Kyle and wrapped an arm around his waist. "How hungry are you?"

"After cumming twice already this morning...pretty damn hungry, Kylio," slipped out. 'Aw shit! I meant to keep that a secret,' flew thru Josh's mind. He quickly bumped a smoke from the pack and fired it up.

"Twice?" accompanied the perplexed look on Kyle's face. He merged it into a smile as he also caught the 'Kylio' tag from Josh.

Josh grinned and reached lower to pat Kyle's ass. Before answering him, he slapped a big grin on his face and exhaled the first draw from the cigarette slowly. "Sure did! You want to hear about how you did too?" 

Kyle simply said "Huh?" and then listened intently as Josh surrendered the details of why the climax he remembered, had actually been the second one in 20 minutes. Kyle was laughing as he ruffled Josh's hair and said "I am going to start calling you SLUTpuppy, instead of STUDpuppy if you keep sneaking off extra ones like that. Geeze Joshie...at least wake me up so I can enjoy my own orgasms too." He turned back to the grill and spread a huge chunk of hash browns across the griddle portion. "Now snuff out that damn cancer stick and get the bacon ready for me." 
