 8===> Meeting the new customer that will change Josh's life 

It had gotten unusually slow for a Friday night, and Josh had won the who-gets-off-early coin toss, but had to take one last run when three orders all popped up at once and all going three different directions. One thing that was a fact of life in the pizza delivery business was that the customers had more control over the schedule than the managers even did. Starting times were set in stone...when you really get off was about as predictable as scoring a good tip at the freshman dorm. 

Fortunately, the delivery he would be taking was the one headed for a house sitting on the bay and hopefully be worth the extra time and effort. Even though it was for only $11.81, that neighborhood was almost always a guaranteed great tip. Josh couldn't remember being to the specific address before, but felt good when he wheeled thru the gate at the driveway and saw an elegant modern California split with expansive windows and the required abundance of chrome railings that brought a little bit of South Beach to the panhandle of Florida. A jet black Hummer H2 parked in the open garage completed the look perfectly. The lack of any children's outdoor toys or small bikes, and the weight bench and kayak in the garage suggested either a DINK...dual-income-no-kids couple...or a very successful young single. In either case...again great odds for a good money score. He could hear Lady Gaga playing as he stood on the entry steps and rang the bell. The music added to the potential for a youthful customer, but he wasn't at all prepared for what he saw when the door opened. 

Never before had Josh been totally speechless with a customer, but the perfect male specimen that was smiling at him across the open doorway took both his breath and voice away. Wearing only bright blue and white surfer trunks, this guy was all of maybe 23 or 24, and six foot two inches and 180 pounds of lightly tanned skin accented with just a hint of fuzz on each nipple that were fixed on the best set of naturally sculptured pecs Josh had ever seen. The face was borderline cherubic and outlined with long, thick, dark brown...almost black...hair, with bangs that brushed against his eye brows. His pearly white teeth glistened almost as much as his dark hazel eyes sparkled. Even the ear lobes that showed beneath the longish locks were sexy. Josh couldn't help but do a quick scan down across the tummy and legs to catch the barely noticeable happy trail and lightly furry calves and thighs. If he was custom-ordering a hot stud, he couldn't have added anything to the hunk in front of him.

Josh had involuntarily become instantly hard and almost literally came when the seductive full lips moved and a masculine but also boyish voice asked, "How's it going pizza boy?" and punctuated it with a huge smile. He looked deep into the face and swore that he saw gold flecks floating in the glittering eyes that were staring back into his bedroom blues. Before he could find his voice again, the beach stud in front him said, "Come in out of that gawd-awful humidity for a few minutes while I grab my cash." Josh's feet were like almost-set concrete, but he managed to make them move and shuffled into the foyer. He pushed the door shut behind himself while watching the lightly bronzed Adonis saunter into the living room.

'Da-damn! Even his back is sexy!' was the thought that sliced thru his mind as he watched the young hunk disappear from view. He shook off the beeps to his gaydar as nothing more than wishful thinking.

The few moments he was gone gave Josh the chance to adjust the massive bulge his crotch had become, and glance around at what he could see of the house from the white-tiled entry hall. Based on the rest of the neighborhood, it was most likely worth at least a half million plus. This had to be the guy's parents home...but the two pair of expensive Nikes discarded under the wall table, the surf board standing in the corner, and the 3 or 4 Coke cans and bong on the coffee table also said he may well be alone for the entire weekend too. His eyes also caught the stack of textbooks, an open laptop, and papers spread on the large glass coffee table in the next room, hinting at the potential of him also being a student. With just a few exceptions, the house was strangely devoid of knick-knacks and accent pieces...much more so than the typical less-is-more decorating scheme usually found in upscale residences. To a certain extent, what little he could see of the house reminded him of the giant dorm room in the Rodney Dangerfield classic comedy 'Back to School.' 

Josh's thoughts were suddenly interrupted by the sexy voice once again...half asking and half ordering him to bring the pizza into the living room. He stepped thru the doorway to find the customer bent over making room on the coffee table for him to set the box. As he pulled himself up to full height again, he grinned and said "Just flop it down there buddy," and handed Josh a crisp $20. "That should cover the bill and a tip...and you look like you could use this too," as he pressed an open, ice cold Heineken into his other hand. The sparkling eyes and overt friendliness had Josh erect immediately again and he sat the now empty hot bag on the floor next to the white leather couch and took a healthy pull on the beer. 

"Thanks so much man. You are my last delivery and this really hits the spot with the heat and humidity we had tonight." 

Josh was mesmerized as he kicked the bottle back and took a second swig. He also noticed the hazel eyes run down his torso and blushed slightly as the young stud allowed his tongue to lick half his upper lip when he caught sight of the large lump showing in Josh's tight khaki shorts. Unbelievably, his cock grew even harder as this dream guy dropped a second $20 on the edge of the hot bag and stepped closer. He then rubbed what was now a large bulge of his own while using his hypnotic eyes to silently asked to be serviced. 

Normally he would have been offended but this guy was giving off completely different vibes than most college guys that wanted head from the pizza guy. Those eyes seemed to be saying this isn't just about sex...more like 'I need a friend I can be this close with.'

Without a word, Josh closed the distance between them and reached out to thumb the erect nipples and dance his fingertips across the perfect pecs. A long, soft moan escaped from the perfect smiling lips as Josh's hands slid down across the flat stomach and he kissed and suckled the indentation at the base of the long neck and just below the pronounced Adam's apple. Josh's tongue quickly found its way to an erect nipple and he gently chewed on it as his hand simultaneously found the hard tool hiding in the surfer shorts and worked it slowly. 

"Oh fuck yes, pizza boy," was all that was said as Josh moved his mouth down across the silky tummy. Two strong hands grasped his shoulders guiding him the rest of the way to his knees. 

Josh's roaming hands grabbed the firm butt cheeks and pulled the hips forward as he nuzzled the still unseen, throbbing hardness behind the soft cotton with his face. As he slid his left hand up into the right leg opening and he first touched the flesh of the large, low hangers, he thought to himself 'The extra $20 wasn't even necessary dude...this one would have gladly been a freebie.'

As he massaged the rough ball sac and continued mouthing the pulsing tree trunk that was still hidden from view, his right hand grasped the waistband of the boardies and slowly began working the trunks down. It took both hands to get them over the already fully erect prize that he was seeking and down the firm thighs and calves. He paused to look upward and see the gold-flecked eyes euphorically watching as Josh helped him step out of the suit now bunched around his ankles. It was Josh's turn to lick his lips and a large hand cupped the back of his blond head guiding it back to what needed attention. The silently pleading eyes he saw made Josh throb as he grew even harder.

His hand was wrapped tightly around the base of the cock that was twitching in front of his face, and he took immediate notice of the large droplet of pre cum that had leaked from the slit. Josh flicked out his tongue to swipe it from the tip of the most beautiful manhood he had ever seen. Tasting almost like honey, he quickly took the helmet head between his lips and ran his tongue all over it. Then he used the tip to trace around the ridge and over the large head slowly several times. The hunk's legs buckled a little as Josh settled comfortably on his knees between the now wide-stanced legs and began slowly massaging the backs of his hard thighs and rock hard ass cheeks while still teasing the stud's wet slit with the tip of his moist tongue. 

After a few moments of using his mouth like a shop vac, he took the first inch of the long fleshy shaft into his mouth and thought to himself: 'Not only is this my dream blow job, but it is also going to be one I make sure you never forget!' 

He slowly took the next two inches inside himself and the soft moaning from above became louder. He felt the two strong hands that were now holding his ears, and hips that were gently pushing forward. Josh swallowed up two more inches before pulling all the way back to the tip of the stud's cock head and then impaled himself with the entire fleshy pole in one motion. His throat tightened around the mushroom head as he inhaled the scent from the neatly trimmed man shrubbery his nose was buried in. The whimpering moans of total pleasure dribbling from the lips above him were followed quickly by a begging "Oh my fucking gawd...please don't stop!" The words now made this blow job a special mission.

Josh then used the muscles below his tonsils to squeeze the tender head and slipped his tongue out to slurp at the tight balls pinned against his chin. That brought yet another deep moan and a final thrust of cock that tested his gag reflex like never before. As he pulled off slowly to the tip again and then settled into a casual but very methodical rhythm of back and forth on the hardness, he unzipped himself and began stroking his own pre drenched tool knowing that neither of them would last much longer. 

It only took another half dozen or so tip-to-base swallows before the tanned Adonis began to wildly buck and Josh felt his own lava begin to crawl upward thru his thick shaft. The stud began a cadence of "Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck! OHH FUCKKK!!!" right before a long screech of, "I'mmm cummiiinnnggg!!!" 

When that first extra long wad crossed his hungry tongue was also when Josh's first huge rope flew and shot clear to the upper thigh of the stud he was working. The second wave of man juice to hit his throat was coupled with the second giant explosion of his own that splattered his shirt and a third that drenched the customer's calves and ran down his to his ankles...followed by still another that puddled between the guy's toes. The hunk was still cumming like an open fire hydrant himself and Josh finally pulled off as the fifth or sixth blob of milky thickness exploded in his mouth and was thrilled as yet two more peppered his face as his squeezed off his own last two dribbles onto his fingers. 

Then to his total amazement, the gorgeous man boy leaned over, slipped his arms under his, pulled Josh up to his feet, and passionately kissed him in an embrace that lasted far longer than he expected. After staring longingly into each other's eyes for a moment, Josh pulled up his khakis and began to button and zip them as he intoned, "As much as I don't want to, I need to get back to the shop before they realize how long I have been gone." 

A combination of excited six month old puppy eyes and mature sad beagle eyes looked deep back into Josh's. The hunk took his hand and walked to the front door with him. Once there, the nervous silence was disheartening, but finally broken by a wide smile and "My name is Kyle by the way. I've never done anything like that before. I have three more years of med school here and really hope you deliver to me a lot." The afterglow smile on his face and crotch rub from the stud, told Josh the next comment was meant in total sincerity: "The next time, I get to taste your special hot sauce." 

Josh smiled back and replied "I'm Josh. Just ask if I am working before you order and I can usually work out a swap of runs with the other guys if you really want me to be your personal pizza boy." As he waved the extra $20 before stuffing it in his pant's pocket he added: "And the next time you don't need to bother with this." He sealed the last line with a big grin, a quick kiss on the cheek, and then stepped outside after saying goodnight. 

As he pulled up the secluded drive to the gate, he saw Kyle in his rear view mirror watching him leave...leaning naked against the still open doorway and illuminated by the soft glow of the interior light of the entry way. 

Back at the shop, Cody looked at his watch and shot Josh a knowing wink when he noticed the now dried white stains on his dark shirt. Josh only grinned back without any explanation and quickly checked out and headed for his dorm. Sleep came easily to him that night, but was fitful, as he couldn't get Kyle out of his mind. 

Little did Josh know that he wasn't the only one tossing and turning that night.

* * * * *

It was late on the next Tuesday, and Josh had just pulled back into the lot from a delivery and gotten out of his car, when Cody popped thru the side door the drivers used at the shop with an order in his hands. "You owe me dude! I am taking a guaranteed stiff run to the freshman dorm just so you can take a special request run out to the big bucks neighborhood." The evil grin on his face and the wink he added, confused Josh. 

"What the fuck are you talking about Codeman?" he demanded.

Cody laughed and offered "Damn man...you make a big enough impression with a customer that you get requested by them, and then don't even remember the delivery?" Josh still had a blank stare on his face as Cody continued with "Bro! Does some guy by the name of Kyle ring any bells? He was pretty specific that he wanted ONLY you making the delivery." 

The wide smile that suddenly crept across Josh's face told Cody that the brain cells had finally bumped together.

"Oh hell yeah...NOW you remember." He added another wink as he slid under the wheel of his car; fired it up; and left with a final comment of, "It must have been pretty hot to rate a special request and not tell me anything about it. You owe me some details sometime buddy." 

Josh watched as Cody pulled out on the street and then quickly yanked the door to the shop open. Once inside, he saw just two boxes sitting under the heat lamp waiting to be taken to the same address. One was a large pizza with black olives and extra cheese and the other a double order of baked chocolate cake dessert with a note to bring an extra icing. Josh bagged up the order but snatched three extra icings as he continued to grin at the fact that Kyle had indeed done as he had promised the previous week...to ask for him when he ordered again. He was whistling as he headed for the door and announced, "Driver out!" as he kicked it open and went to his car. 

On the way to Kyle's place, he used his cell to call Cody. "Hey man...do me a BIG favor. I have the funny feeling I just might have a flat tire coming on...cover it for me would ya?"

"Will do bro. Just promise me you will call if you can't get a lug nut off and you are down for the night," was the answer along with a chuckle. As Josh snickered also, Cody added "But it will cost you that primo joint of Maui Wowie you scored as a tip from the ATO house too." 

Josh laughed at being blackmailed and said "Sure Cody...take my best tip of the night from me. Anything else to buy your help and silence? Maybe you want a blow job too?"

"That would work for me and I just might take that instead of the blunt." 

"Don't hold your breath big boy," Josh teased back. "Somebody else is first in line tonight I think."

They both laughed into their phones and then said goodbye, both knowing it was good odds that Josh was probably going to be done for the night...as far as pizzas were concerned anyway.

As he made the 10 minute drive, Josh turned down the stereo and talked to himself. He thought back to the very enjoyable Friday, Saturday, and Sunday with Rob only two weeks earlier. Even though he knew his buddy far better, there was just something about the med student he was on his way to for the second time. Granted, Kyle's physical attributes caught Josh's attention, but there was an unspecific special something else that held it. And even though he and Rob had been best friends all thru high school and had finally taken the friendship to a much deeper place, the distance between them over the previous three plus months and that would continue unless Rob transferred to UWF, wouldn't be conducive to keeping the passion burning that they had shared over the weekend. Josh frowned a little too, as he realized that Rob hadn't even returned any of his many text messages yet.

While he was sitting at the light a few blocks from Kyle's place, his mind wandered back to the strange euphoria that had hit him when Kyle had pulled him up to his feet after the blow job and kissed him so deeply...and how he had taken Josh's hand as they walked to the front door. Sure...Rob and him had made out a lot that weekend during their hot sex times, but once out of the bedroom, it was a little obvious that Rob wasn't at all comfortable with anything physical much less slightly romantic. Kyle was older and just seemed to ooze romance. As he finally turned into the familiar drive and saw Kyle's Hummer in the garage, Josh reached down and adjusted the hard on that had developed in his khakis...but to make more pronounced, not hide it. He snickered as he shut off the car and grabbed the hot bag thinking, 'No reason to let him think I am not interested.' He shamelessly rubbed himself all the way to the front door to make sure his thick erection was showing well. 

It was barely five seconds after he rang the bell, when the door opened and Kyle was standing in the entry foyer wearing a pair of skin tight Levi 501's and a wife beater that showed off his tanned arms and pecs. Josh couldn't help but notice that the top button on the jeans was unsnapped and a bulge that suggested Kyle had been playing with himself too. Josh smiled big as he quipped "Got something hot here for my favorite customer." 

Kyle smiled wide as he groped Josh's full crotch and came back with "I certainly hope so...and I hope you brought the food too." He winked and stepped to the side, waved Josh through the doorway, and patted him on the ass as he asked, "You remember where to put it, don't you?" As that intoxicating grin appeared on Kyle's face, Josh smiled back and silently nodded before heading for the dimly lit living room. 

Josh gasped a little as he stepped into the room and saw the five burning candles spread around and heard the soft music playing. He almost dropped the hot bag as Kyle suddenly nuzzled up against his back and ran his hands up under Josh's polo shirt. As the hands worked his nipples to an instant erect state, Josh flopped the bag down on the coffee table and wiggled back into Kyle's embrace. There was no doubt about that bulge now as he felt Kyle's iron tool pressed against his butt cheeks. He moaned deeply as the hands kept feeling him up and the full lips began kissing the back of his neck. Just as Kyle's right hand slipped down to Josh's own huge pants lump, the left one moved to his blonde hair and gently turned Josh's face to him. Those damn gold-flecked eyes were staring straight into his as their tongues met. Josh spun around and wrapped his arms around Kyle as they traded sucking motions on each other's taste tools. He jammed his hips against Kyle as the kiss became even more passionate and began fumbling at the other buttons on the 501's that were barely holding back that pretty cock he remembered. 
