 My wife having been gone to see family for a few weeks had me craving some pee, about once a week my wife would pee on me in the shower, and I enjoy licking her pussy while she is pissing on me.

On Friday after work I posted on craigslist that I wanted some watersport action, and early Saturday morning I had a great reply, a couple wanted to piss on my, never having watched another man piss, gave me a bulge in my pants, and the was a BBW with huge breasts, I quickly sent a reply to them and got a response that was unexpected, Tony was alone without wife as well and told me he wanted to piss in my mouth. I quickly agreed and set an appointment for 6 pm that evening.

The 6pm came and Tony showed up on my doorstep wearing a white tank top and Bermuda shorts, I invited him in and we spent a few minutes talking and I offered him a beer, Tony said sure and that he didn't have to go too bad yet, we drank a few more beers and he told me he had to piss real bad and was ready, we moved to the bathroom and took off our clothes.

Tony's cock was a good 6 cut inches and was hard as a rock. I took it in my mouth and told him I was ready for his hot piss down my throat, and he just couldn't piss he was way too hard to piss, so he told me he needed to release before he could piss and never having had a cock in my mouth before set a fire to my mouth.

I started sucking and could tell he was enjoying this, so I kept going he told me to play with his balls so I obliged I gently stroked his balls with my fingers while licking his shaft like a lollypop, he responded with some loud moans, and I was really getting into it.(my cock was oozing precum I was so excited) 

I removed my fingers from his balls and wet them with my spit and started rubbing his asshole with my fingers and sucking his tip vigorously, this was all too much for Tony and started grunting and squiring a huge load down my throat, It was so sweet and salty I almost enjoyed the taste as much a piss.

Soon after his last squirt his cock softened and I could feel a warm sensation down my throat it was coming so fast I gagged and pulled his still pissing cock out of my mouth and he finished all over my chest. 

Tony asked me if he made my cock that hard, I told him yes and he bent down and started licking the precum and trickled down piss off my cock. it felt amazing and I have never been so horny in my life. My dick was aching because I had to piss so bad but I was too hard to piss and Tony could tell I needed to piss so he asked if I had any lube or lotion, all I had was lotion which he gingerly applied to my hard 5 inch cut cock.

Tony surprised me again when he rubbed some of the lotion on his ass, the then told me I was afraid you had a big cock before I came over but seeing as your cock is normal I want you to fuck my ass NOW. Tony got on all fours and waited for me to poke his ass, I stretched his asshole a little with my finger and inserted my cock in his tight asshole, he moaned with pleasure and he told me his wife stuck a dildo in his ass a few times but it didn't feel as good as my cock. Tony's ass was so tight I was Cumming within a minute or two, and slowly pulled my limp cock from his ass.

Tony then asked me to piss on his ass and back. I released a huge load of piss all over his asshole and back and made a huge mess of my bathroom floor. when I was done he was still on all fours so I licked some of the cum oozing out of his ass and kissed him with my messy face.

The taste of my cum made tony hard again and I told him that I was an ass virgin and that turnabout was fair play. he then asked me to get on all fours and lubed his cock and my ass with the lotion.

Tony then stretched my asshole with his fingers and slowly inserted his cock into my asshole, it groaned and told him it huts and was on fire but told him not to stop.

Slowly my Ass got used to the feeling and it started to feel good, I asked tony to grab my stiffening cock while he fucked my asshole hard, that was all I needed was his hand on my cock for it to become hard as a rock again.

His fucking and hand job were driving me wild I told him to pound my ass harder, he kept pounding me and stroking me this lasted a few minutes until be both came at the same time me in his hand and Tony in my ass.

I had never felt such a warm sensation in my ass before, I was in ecstasy with his cum oozing out of my ass, Tony gave me his fingers and asked if I was still hungry, I obliged by licking his fingers clean. 

We both got into the shower and soaped each other up and started to get clean, I had the urge to piss and so did he, we both started pissing on each other's limp cocks, soon we were both drained of piss and cum. 

We finished washing and I trough a few towels onto the floor where my piss was and we got dressed and went to the living room to talk.

I asked Tony if he wanted a beer and we drank a few until both our bladders were full.....

To be continued...