 I've had to do a lot of travelling and working away from home in the past month. I'm writing this stuck alone in a hotel room.

I was very lucky to have been "picked-up" by a very handsome flight attendant (who like me is also Asian) when I was going up to Hong Kong for Chinese New Year. At first it was just a one-off hook up -- but he was happy to try Watersports and has found he likes it a lot. I think partly because he seems to be naturally able to pee with an erection (which I had to learn how to do),

We can only meet up at his apartment for a short time when we both happen to be in town at the same time -- but after our first time I brought him a present of some waterproof mattress covers and sheets (more fun than the bathroom)..

Last Saturday afternoon I had sneaked away from my family to see him -- I made sure I had a very full tank. He lives quite far out and it's a long taxi ride -- so long I did end up doing a small amount of piss in my jeans on the way there.

He opened the door -- totally naked with a full erection. He's a bit taller than me, uncut but slightly shorter and thicker erect penis that doesn't point up as much as mine does. I was late -- he joked he'd had to masturbate to stay hard enough to hold his piss in -- his penis twitched when I pointed out the damp patch on my jeans. I bit a Viagra tablet in half for us then took my top and shoes off.

He licked my neck and ear then we kissed for a while -- I undid the fly buttons of my jeans while he got a towel to stand on. With a struggle he managed to get his penis in through the front of my pants -- on the same side and above mine. My penis was aching being bent to one side and desperate to piss -- I rubbed our double bulge in my jeans. He was playing with my nipples as we deep kissed.

After a while I took the tube of lube out of my pocket -- put some on my fingers and reached round and into his ass crack. He moved his legs a bit apart -- I felt for the right spot and pushed two fingers into his body quite fast. He groaned into my mouth as I felt his hot piss spraying inside my jeans right on the head of my penis.

We were both moaning in pleasure still kissing -- I felt near to orgasm -- the incredible hot wet feeling on my balls and of his pee trickling down the inside of my legs. His hand squeezed the wet crotch of my pants as he managed to stop his stream.

We grinned at each other as I undid the top button of my jeans -- freeing our penises -- pulled my pants down and kicked them aside. For a while we stood looking down as we stroked each others penises and balls. He kneeled down and took my penis in his mouth -- my balls were aching -- so tight they'd almost disappeared. I tried to push but couldn't piss for him -- then I said to lets have a break for a drink.

His bedroom is small (even by HK standards) -- his king sized bed only just fits -- one side against the wall. He's got a big mirror on the wall at the foot of the bed. We sat down on the bed -- cross legged facing each other -- drinking and playing slowly with our own penises as we talked about what we'd been doing since we last met. I felt a wave of desperation -- clenched my ass tight and started to masturbate myself much more quickly.

He smiled at me as I moaned -- I felt my bladder relax -- my piss shot up into the air -- landing on his leg. I mostly stopped my stream - still leaking a small amount I told him to lie on his back.

I laid on top straddling him so our penises were touching squeezed between our bodies as we kissed again. It felt so awesome as I let go a big spurt of piss between our bodies - both of us moaning -- he said to lets do 69. As we got into position lying on our sides -- seeing the wet patch on the clean white sheet made me excited.

The faint smell of piss from his crotch was gorgeous -- he's got a beautiful penis -- I pulled back his foreskin to reveal his pink penis head. We just sucked each other -- not using our hands. I heard his muffled moan then his piss spurted into my mouth. I closed my lips round his penis and let my mouth fill -- then sprayed it back round his penis and over his balls. I tried to piss in his mouth as well -- but the taste of his had made me too horny.

We carried on sucking -- both using our hands as well now -- letting each other know to stop just before we got too close to cumming. It was quite a while -- I can't remember which of us suggested a drink break. My penis felt like it was throbbing with lust -- his naked body looked so beautiful.

His skin is lighter than mine at the moment (it's the end of winter in HK while I've still not lost my Australian summer tan). He had a pink flush all over -- his nipples were rock hard and I could see his penis twitching from his heart beat.

This time we quickly drunk our drinks -- then lay down stroking each others bodies as we talked. We were both breathing heavily and also switched to talking in English (all Cantonese before). I said how hot and cute he was -- he said much the same to me.

He said something like "Lick my Ass Bitch". He kneeled on the bed on all fours -- cross ways so he could see us in the mirror. I got behind him -- put my penis against his puckered hole and wet it with a spurt of piss -- then I sprayed the back of his balls. I kneeled down behind him and rimmed him while using one hand to play with his penis.

He loves being rimmed -- I blew on his hole - as I pushed my tongue in he pissed on my hand -- I smacked his ass cheek quite hard. Then he said he was going to fuck me -- told me to lay on my back. I held both my ankles -- he kneeled down and sucked my penis then licked my balls - I felt his hot breath on my ass then his tongue pleasuring my anus -- he is really awesome at rimming. I could see his ass in the mirror -- very smooth with a slight red tinge where I'd smacked it.

Sadly we don't do bareback together -- I've promised my partners not to with others - plus he's equally as careful. He put on a condom and put lube on my ass and some on my penis. He got between my legs and guided his penis then pushed. I relaxed my muscles -- my piss spurted out as he thrust his penis deep inside me. I just used my finger to rub the tip of my penis -- felt the hot piss on my chest running down my sides and beneath my back.

I loved watching his face as he was fucking me slowly -- I kept myself just on the edge. It wasn't long before he started to moan -- then thrusting wildly - in the mirror the muscles of his sexy ass pumping hard -- he yelled out that he was cumming.

His face was flushed as he withdrew from my body -- I lowered my legs and he got on top of them kneeling with his balls squashed against mine. I could see his white cream filling the tip of his condom -- he gently stroked my penis. I played with my nipples -- my heart was pounding. He smiled at me and moaned -- his condom ballooned with his light yellow piss -- thin strings of white semen floating in it.

I reached down and masturbated his penis inside his piss filled condom. Piss was leaking out onto his balls then I pulled his condom off. His hot piss and cum flooded over our balls -- a small dribble of piss still leaking out of his penis. Warm urine trickling round my balls -- pooling in my ass crack. The amazing feeling as I started to orgasm -- my muscles pumping. My first spurt went right over my head -- I was still ejaculating as he climbed off my lap, I moved further down the bed while he picked up a butt plug -- then he kneeled over me 69.

A few drops of piss from the wet black hair on his balls landed on my face as he put his penis in my mouth. He started sucking my penis -- I reached down to my ass -- collected some of the lube still there on my fingers. He smelled so good -- a mixture of sweat and pee -- his sexy balls and ass right above my face. I reached up and slid my finger into his ass -- he let go a thin stream of piss in my mouth -- I swallowed some and let the rest run down my cheek.

I felt the delicious ache in my penis as my urge to piss built up -- I told him I was ready. He slowly pushed the big black butt-plug into my anus -- intense relief and pleasure as I felt my piss spurting out into his mouth. His lips sealed around me till he had a mouthful --he let it back out over me just as my ass was being stretched.

My hot piss was running down around the butt-plug -- I squeezed tight round the butt-plug's narrower base as I struggled to stop myself urinating. We were both sucking hard and using our hands on each others penises as well. Using Viagra seems to work best if you keep on going after you've cum. This butt-plug is just the right shape for self fucking (sort of double cone) I lifted my knees. I pushed it almost out -- making me do a small spurt of piss -- then squeezed my anus to make it come back in.

I'd managed to get three fingers into his ass so I could reach his prostate using my other hand as well as my mouth on his penis. He was groaning as he sucked me -- took his hand off my penis and used it instead to fuck me with the butt-plug. He climbed off me and put a condom on my penis -- then he squatted over me with his back to me and guided my penis inside him. He switched to kneeling and bounced up and down on me. I liked seeing my shaft entering his ass and also able to see his face in the mirror.

My penis was starting to get less hard -- I said to he could be my wet doggy (he's born in the year of the Water Dog). I didn't try to stay inside while we changed position -- he kneeled as I put more lube on the condom and masturbated myself hard again. I slid in easily and started fucking him hard -- I pulled back his foreskin and rubbed the head of his penis with my lubed hand.

We were looking each other in the eyes in the mirror as I kept pounding his ass. His knees had small pools of piss round them -- a couple of times I used these to wet my fingers to stop the lube drying out. I got close to cumming again. I pushed on the butt-plug till it popped out of my ass then I started cumming. I leaned forward over his back -- now I could feel my legs were very tired. I asked him if he'd cum -- he said not yet.

I got him to sit cross-legged facing the mirror then I sat behind with my legs either side of him. We were both sitting in small pools of piss -- now getting a bit cold round my balls. My penis was starting to go soft in the condom -- I got up close to his ass -- reached round to masturbate him with one hand -- the other holding the condom on the base of my penis.

My hand masturbating him was quite tired -- I smiled at him in the mirror as I relaxed and my soft penis started urinating in my condom - which began bulging out between our bodies. He said it was nice and warm. - I was surprised how much piss I had left. I saw the dreamy look in his eyes and let go of the base of the condom. My fresh Piss gushed out between our bodies making the pools of urine we were sitting in warmer. He moaned -- only shooting three or four small spurts of semen.

I flopped down on the only fairly dry part of the bed left. He kneeled between my legs both of our penises were soft. His penis is much larger than mine when soft -- almost the same size as when he's erect -- while mine is much more of a grower. He aimed his penis at me -- I closed my eyes as he started pissing full stream -- first on my face and hair then moving down my body ending up spraying my penis and balls.

I started to get an erection again -- quite often we do cum three times -- he looked down and smiled -- but said he was tired and sore -- I'd been a bit rough with his penis.

He lay down beside me and licked the piss from my face -- the freshly soaked sheet was still quite warm. We kissed softly till the sheets got too cold, I helped him get the waterproof cover off the bed and into the bath -- quite difficult to not spill any in such a small bedroom. His shower is over the bath -- so we stood on the sheets while we took a shower together.

We soaped each other down -- I got an erection and started masturbating myself while he was soaping me -- we did play around a bit but by that time I had to get going.

The last time I'd left a spare set of jeans at his apartment -- so wore these to go home. As I got dressed he stayed naked -- I saw him getting an erection again just as I was about to leave. That made me get hard as well -- I really wanted to stay -- but I had to meet my family in a restaurant and it would be suspicious if I was late. We kissed goodbye.