 8===> Valentine's Day begins with lots of surprises

As he rocketed down Capitol Highway a good fifteen or so miles per hour over the speed limit late at night; coming back from one of the long distance deliveries to the boonies he normally hated; Josh thought of how the weeks with Kyle between New Years and the hours before Valentine's Day had screamed by. It now seemed as if it had been almost as fast as Jeff Gordon and Dale Jr. burning up the last seconds from coming out of turn four to crossing the finish line side-by-side after a 500 mile battle of left turns at Daytona.

Josh laughed out loud to himself of how the deep south was so inbred in him by even attempting to join NASCAR and his Yankee lover in a metaphor. Kyle wasn't much for watching racing on TV, but he would cuddle with Josh and put up with it...much the same as hockey didn't really turn Josh on, but he would lay curled up on the couch with him to watch a game because his boyfriend loved it. That little difference between them was just another one of the many things they kept learning about the other...and learned about concessions...the longer their maturing relationship went on. Josh cautiously backed off the accelerator some as he permitted his mind to start up the replay tapes of so many things that had happened since the clock struck midnight, six weeks earlier. 

* * * * *

Even though they had spent most of New Year's Day in bed interspersing cuddling while watching parades and football games with serious talks, foreplay, edging, and lovemaking. They of course made the occasional run to the kitchen for cokes and munchies. By the time they had shared at least a half dozen orgasms over the day and evening and were ready for much needed sleep, the bedroom was littered with empty chip bags, soda cans, plates with sandwich scraps, and the wrappers from the final dozen or so Reese cups Kyle called his 'emergency supply' and kept in his night stand drawer. 

Josh's brain also reminded his nostrils of the musky smell of male-male sex mixed with the scented candle aroma as they drifted off to dreamland, spooned together. It was during one of their breaks from the games on TV (and their own in bed), that they talked at length about how the new bond they had committed to, wasn't always going to be red rose petals on a white bed spread or the afterglow from great sex. They were; after all; two different people...even if they had become one just a few hours earlier. 

Kyle seemed to be fixated on only two things: how much the pressures of school for both and the additional restraints of his eventual residency would test them; and that he was concerned at how easily Josh could be tempted thanks to his younger age and since Kyle was his first serious relationship. 

"Do you really think that I don't understand the feelings I have for you?" was the befuddled question Josh tossed back immediately to the latter worry. "I know that it won't always be easy, but I know that I love you. Most importantly, I know that what I feel in my head and heart, isn't about being with the sexiest, good looking man I have ever met." He had paused to let those words sink in before adding, "I do love your skin babe, but I didn't fall in love with IT." He went on to dismiss the former trepidation by joking how he was more worried that Kyle would unceremoniously dump his butt for another prettier and younger pizza boy once Josh had worked and slaved and sacrificed to get him through med school and residency. "That's how all you cute as hell, stud doctors do it, isn't it?" was the line that broke Kyle up. But it also made him realize that Josh indeed was taking their devotion and the pitfalls that came with it, seriously. 

Josh confessed that his biggest apprehensions centered pretty much on only two things also. The first being the vastly different social status and backgrounds they came from. Could the barefoot farm boy with cheeks of tan provide what the gifted and well-to-do, big city jock was used to: only the finest and shiniest? The other was, would Kyle still be able to love him in thirty years when he had a spare tire and his blond hair was beginning to thin and fade to gray? 

Kyle had laughed out loud at the second one before he exclaimed, "Don't worry about that baby, because if I didn't inherit my mom's hair genes, you will have to be loving me with NO hair since dad was almost bald by the time he turned forty." He then pulled Josh to his chest and stared straight in his eyes as he softly spoke to quell the first anxiety. "My sweet little farm boy...I couldn't love you more if you were a rich prince with his own island, yacht, and a fleet of private jets." He then totally surprised Josh by letting it slip of how he had already thought of 'their' future by saying, "In fact, I would rather be sharing an old farm house in the country with you and a couple dogs and cats, than trying to keep up some plastic, pseudo-successful, big city image in a house like this one." Kyle then smirked and finalized his explanation with, "Now I will admit that when it comes to cars, that I am an egotistical prick and will always want a really nice one...but figure so long as I'm parking my Benz next to your Porsche...you will overlook it." 

The exaggerated grin on Kyle's face and clown-like multiple winks made Josh split a gut. As they continued to laugh, they began to wrestle with each other on the bed until Josh pushed his hand down to the hardening flesh between his lover's legs and as slutty as he could make himself sound, asked, "So if I keep sucking your cock like you like it, you will buy me a Porsche?" He squeezed it firmly, in a teasing attempt to seal the deal. 

Kyle's own hand found the new stiffy laying across Josh's pubic fuzz and slid his thumb back and forth in the pre leaking from the tip. His voice went strangely sultry. "Baby, you keep blowing me like you did an hour ago, and I will find a way to buy you the Hope diamond!" 

Before Josh had the chance to raise the sarcastic stakes in their little verbal poker game, Kyle moved up to straddle his chest and rubbed his bone on the willing lips that were already parting. He ever-so-slowly pulled on Josh's tool behind him as the hungry lips worked him. Thanks to their youth, both were feeling the gurgling in their balls again, even though they both had came just over an hour prior from a wild sixty-nine session during the bowl game half time show. Kyle was more than willing to do an instant replay and tried to spin so he could take Josh's love stick again too; but it was being made pretty clear by the firm grasp on his waist, that Josh wanted him to just stay put and let him please his boyfriend first. 

As his hips began to join in concert with the motions of the head swallowing him, Kyle allowed himself to move his grip from Josh's cock to grabbing a handful of his hair and enjoy the knob polishing...knowing full well, that he would be giving as much undivided attention to Josh in just a few more moments. Just before his brain gave over every thought to the nerves in those few inches of his body being stimulated by the moist mouth, Kyle realized that was one of the things that made their relationship so special....that they both made sure the other was always satisfied. Being one was never about just one. 

Before Josh could finish up the remembrances of how his lips and tongue had made Kyle explode in his mouth; or get the chance to recall the details of Kyle returning an equally erotic blow job; he was pulling back into the pizza shop parking lot. He made a lackadaisical attempt at trying to hide the massive boner showing in his cargos, and sauntered into the shop. Cody was bagging up a multiple stop run for himself, but after noticing what couldn't be missed, stopped long enough to fist bump Josh's arm and quip, "Damn studpuppy! Does your doc boyfriend have you eating Viagra like M&M's?" He grinned when Josh blushed. Then in the way only really close friends can do, Cody reached over to teasingly squeeze the lump behind the bulged fabric. "I don't think this thing has been limp in more than a month!" 

"Oh it's been limp, Codeman..." Josh began with a smirk and sarcastic crotch grind back into Cody's palm. "...but usually only during my quant class or when I get stuck delivering to the cock teasing, debutante wanna-be's over at Tri Sig." He let himself smile as he added, "I can't help it that Kyle is a 6' 2", 180 pound, little blue pill." They both laughed at that image. 

"So, do you and your big blue pill have any special plans for tomorrow...or are you guys just going to lay in bed and feed each other chocolate hearts all day?" Cody knew that Josh had blown half his tips from one night on snatching up every valentine day, heart shaped Reese cups when he found the display of them at the convenience store up the street. 

"I'm not certain what he has up his damn sleeve. He told me three weeks ago to just make sure I had tomorrow night off, some dressy clothes clean, and 'trust me'...you know...like he always does when he wants to mess with my mind." 

Cody ruffled Josh's thick blond mop and grinned. "Awww...you love it and you know it buddy! Every time he has said that to you, you haven't been disappointed have ya?" 

Josh smiled wide. "Nope! Never once. But it does still make me wanna scream." The snorting chuckle he pasted at the end said he did love Kyle's patented little way to tease him for a new surprise though. 

"Well I'm willing to bet his romantic ass has something really sweet set up. The clothes thing says either dinner at one of the fancy joints out at the beach, or at least a quiet table at the back of Olive Garden." An evil grin crossed Cody's lips. "Or...maybe he is going to slip an engagement ring in your milkshake at the What-A-Burger drive-thru!" 

Josh's mind had distracted him long enough for Cody to snatch his now full heat bags and pop out the door before he could reply. Thanks to Cody's last comment, he was lost in reliving the night he and Kyle had sat at the student union and ate a couple burgers after a long joint study session at the library. They had played footsies under the table; made some love-sick, puppy dog eyes at each other; and grinned and laughed like two teenagers in love. What he pulled when Josh went back up to the counter to refill their Cokes, would be something he would forever remember. 

Kyle had just sat in silence when Josh came back and then slowly worked at finishing up his fries. By habit, he tore the flimsy, plain white, cardboard container at the edge and was peeling it back so Kyle could help him scarf down the final half dozen, when he noticed the dark writing on the inside. He shot Kyle a quick glance and watched him cross his arms and grin as he slid a bare toe up inside the leg opening of Josh's baggy shorts. 

Josh blushed and then lowered his eyes to stare at what he found handwritten on the inside of the french fry packaging. The four words were so simple but so typically Kyle...and oh so beautiful to him: "I LOVE YOU JOSHUA." 

As his eyes moistened a little at yet another totally unexpected thing his lover had done to remind he how much he did care, Kyle's lips formed a kiss and blew it to him from across the table. Josh didn't give a damn at all that they were in the middle of a very public place, and reached across the table for Kyle's hands and held them while returning the air smooch and saying the same words back out loud. They sat holding hands like that for a long time; oblivious to the finger pointing and muffled whispers from around them. Even though it had been just another small step in the process of becoming a real couple; the love making they celebrated it with later, was possibly the most intense since new years eve. 

* * * * *

Josh smiled as he realized that that the next run was going to be a double that included one of the hotels up by the interstate; along with a familiar address of an older double wide that sat in the woods at the end of a short, dirt road. That one was a half mile or so from the hotel, and he knew it would be at least a $3 tip from past experience. Hopefully; the stack of three large pies and pair of two liters going to the hotel would be an equally good or better score. A big chunk of the rooms had been taken over by a large construction crew in town for a month long project and they had been tipping very well so far. He also was wanting some more day dream time and the run would have him spending at close to thirty minutes alone in the car. While he sat at the stop sign waiting for traffic to clear so he could pull out onto Tall Pines Road and head for the hotel stop, his mind quickly began to sort through some more memories to find which one he wanted to focus on this trip. 

He raced thru the first thought of attempting to remember all the gazzillion texts they both blew up each other's cells with each day. Josh smiled as he recalled the gamut they had run...from simple, little, 'thinking about you' and 'love you' messages, to the far more verbose and saucy ones. Those were usually the result of one of them making a suggestive comment, and the other upping the stakes with a more bawdy one back. It usually only took two or three of the back-and-forths, before it turned into a 'who can bone who the worst with texts' contest. Since those edging battles tended to either happen while they were in classes or while Josh was at work and Kyle was at the house studying, they also tended to end with some serious bed time gymnastics later. Josh grinned and squeezed the swelling in his shorts as he finally pulled onto the main highway. 

As would all too normally happen, he got caught at the very next intersection by the traffic light and flipped to the next thought while he waited for it to change from red. Another smile crept across his face as he recalled the so faked, sad beagle eyes Kyle gave him when he announced one morning how he was going to be staying back at the dorm for a few nights instead of coming by after work. Even though Kyle's demanding class schedule had unintentionally forced Josh to get a lot more serious about his own studies; he was also well aware that many times his being there was more of a distraction to Kyle than he needed with such a rigorous study load. It sure couldn't be helping when he rolled into Kyle's place at 1AM after working a closing shift. As much as he wanted to be with his man every second...and Kyle seemed to always mirror the same thought to him...Josh also knew that he couldn't and wouldn't allow anything to mess up Kyle and his classes. That first year of med school was too critical. 

Even though Kyle had proffered some arguments about how it was all okay and he was fine, Josh also knew what he wasn't saying...that they still needed some time apart and let the relationship grow to the proper point first. Kyle finally acquiesced when Josh; being very adult-like; stated "Babe! This is about our lives and our future...not about us playing house and keeping our hormones happy. And we both have papers due in three days that aren't getting done when we keep ending up in bed all the time." In each other's minds they knew they both loved the sex and the waking up together; but they also knew that their real passion had to come from more than just the physical. Shrugging to himself as the traffic light switched to green, Josh half muttered to himself. "Plus, he has never asked me to move in and I don't need to be acting like I have." 

By the time he was pulling into the hotel lot, Josh had already rapidly reviewed some of the other moments that made him smile the past couple weeks: 

...the sweet little notes he found left in his books or the big ones jammed down in his backpack. Josh liked to leave ones for Kyle under the wiper of the Hummer and almost daily slipped a Reese cup or small bag of Doritos inside his lap top case. 

...the texts that Josh would get when they were studying together at the library and Kyle had wandered off; that said to meet him in the medical reference section and they would end up making out in the privacy of the dark, secluded stacks. 

...how he had finally learned to cook eggs the way Kyle liked them and how he had finally convinced Kyle that there were other toppings for a pizza besides double cheese and green olives. 

...the way Kyle silently helped him stay off cigarettes by making sure there were always some Tootsie Pops at the house. And how Josh always made sure Kyle had something hard and round with a juicy center to keep his lips occupied too. 

...the pride he felt when Kyle told him he liked the way he kept the kitchen clean and helped with picking up around the house. He snickered as he thought, 'Like I have any choice since you are such a freak about dusting and running the vacuum every damn day.'

And of course, Josh had treated himself with a few flashbacks of the incredibly hot sex that had been a virtually daily thing when he would spend the night or just drop by the house for dinner before going back to the dorm. Those memory indulgences forced him to use the hot bag full of pizzas as a crotch shield for his latest boner, as he walked through the lobby and down the hall to the room he needed. 

Standing at the door of #121; waiting patiently after he knocked; his memory zipped back much further than the last six weeks. The warm delivery bag up against the slowly deflating lump in his shorts, summoned up the vision of doing the same thing with his clothes bag when he was a fourteen-year-old freshman and would rush into the school locker room for PE and find it already full of naked juniors and seniors dressing for gym too. He couldn't count the number of times he had to turn his back to everyone else while he stripped to change and then try to wedge his hard cock inside his one-size-too-small jock strap and find a way to hide the conspicuous tent it still made in his baggy gym shorts. At that age, even the wind made Josh hard instantly. For most of his high school years, he was constantly using his back pack, books, or a wind breaker tied around his waist to cover up when yet another unplanned erection would ambush him. That memory was probably part of the reason the words to Katy Perry's 'Teenage Dream' were circling in his head when the door finally opened. 

The four, twenty-something, buff and tanned customers he saw inside...three lounging around in various states of near nudity and one standing totally naked in front of the TV rubbing his wet hair with a towel, most likely after just exiting the shower...had no clue that the pizza boy was biting his upper lip only to keep from laughing his ass off. It was high school all over again as his almost wilted cock suddenly snapped back to attention faster than a buck private saluting a five star general. He managed to compose himself enough to rattle off the price and thanked them sincerely when one handed him two $20's for the $32.88 order and said keep the change. He totally loved his Kylio, but had to admit that the guy that paid him and was wearing only a bath towel slung low on his waist and showing off more than a hint of pubes at the end of a pretty nice happy trail; was pretty damn hot. As the little Josh in his cargos began to twitch, the other little Josh sitting on his shoulder whispered in his ear. 'Remember what Kyle said. Just because you are on a diet, doesn't mean you can't read the dessert menu.' He laughed to himself and draped the delivery bag over his shoulder as he turned and half trotted back thru the hotel lobby to his car. 

He managed to keep the flashbacks from taking over right away again, and dropped the second delivery at the almost hidden double wide a few minutes later. It was partially run down and the older car and pick up in the drive said the small family that lived there, probably struggled to get by. Their sporadic pizza orders were most likely a strain on the grocery budget, but they also were adamant about making sure to give at least a $3 tip every time. Josh made a mental note to bring them a free two liter the next he delivered to them after they handed him $25 for their $21.20 delivery and told him the extra was his. 
