 Kyle makes Christmas Day something extra special for Josh

For the next couple of days, the boys made calls and traded text messages as they could. Both knew the other was caught up in other things in life at this busy time of the year. Josh was working extra shifts so he could get off early on New Year's Eve and spend it with Kyle; and Kyle tied up being with his family for the first time since summer. Josh would occasionally allow his insecurities bubble to the surface from the lack of physical contact between them, but Kyle would push them back down deep inside him when they had electronic sex several times each day. Between texting and the AOL instant message system, their love life managed to stay active, no matter how busy they were. 

Josh snickered to himself as he recalled what was said when he and Kyle were cyber cuddling and chatting in instant messages after one particularly good session on Monday night, the 23rd. That mutual stroke fest via their computers went on for more than two hours; well into the wee hours of the morning; after he had gotten back to the house from working yet another closing shift at the pizza shop. But half the reason for the big smile on his face then wasn't from the closeness they were being able to maintain and still be so far removed from each other. No...that part came from what he was now remembering again: the words Kyle used to once again push any insecurities down and make his young lover glow.

"Joshie...I didn't think it was possible...but you just made me cum almost as much and almost as hard, as if you were really here with me! The things you typed and the way you 'said' stuff...gawd! That creative writing course you always complain about, is paying off babe! Take another! LOL"

Josh laughed out loud as he typed 'ROTFLMAO' and sent it to Kyle. "Unt-huh! One class like that is all I need for my degree."

Babes! You are so good though. Hell you could be a professional writer. Maybe even a successful enough one, that when I am doing residency, you can just stay at home and take care of our cat and dog, and write instead of delivering pizzas...or spending eight hours a day in some cramped four foot by four foot cubicle; kissing faceless, don't give-a-damn, corporate America ass for a paycheck."

Josh didn't realize until later, exactly what Kyle had said in that exchange on the computer screen...'you can just stay at home and write and take care of our cat & dog...' was in there! And it was hooked together with the residency Kyle wouldn't start for nearly three more years. Hooked tighter than two horny bunnies doing their thing. Now he recognized that Kyle had evidently let that slip out unintentionally, since he had quickly shifted the conversation. 'Damn! He is thinking about the future too.' Josh smiled at that thought and then also smiled as he remembered the deal Kyle made him agree to.

"Tomorrow is Christmas Eve baby. I know you are working until 7:00 when they finally close down, and then have that long damn drive to the farm to be with your family. I will be doing our family thing until we leave for midnight mass, and then we all end up back at the house again." 

Josh simply typed, "Uh huh," at the pause Kyle took. He then added, "L" to to the screen to let him know he was still listening.

"Well, babes...as much as I want to be with you so bad that night, we are both going to be otherwise occupied, and..."

Josh saw that the pen writing gif had stopped moving on his screen, so he typed: "And what, Kyle?" It was another long 10 seconds before he saw it begin to move again.

"Baby...my love...I want to do something really special with you Christmas day if we can."

"Like what Kyle? Unwrap each other first thing in the morning in cyber again?"

"A little better babes...do you have someplace you can get complete privacy later in the day...maybe a barn or the woods or something? Hell even someplace you can drive the Hummer to and park out of sight."

Josh's mind flashed to that most special spot deep in the woods; next to the waist deep pool fed by the spring. "Uh huh Kyle...real private. Why?"

"Well...after we cyber tonight again, let's do nothing more than edge each other until you can get away from the family and go to that place. Come up with a time...say after 3:00...and I will be at a place I know of up here that overlooks Lake Ontario and wait for you to text me that you are at your spot."

"OK...and?"

"And you will find out then."

"Dammit Kyle! You always do this to me!"

"You best be grinning or laughing right now young man! LOL"

The IM pen gif stayed motionless far longer than Kyle was comfortable about. Just as he was typing 'Josh?' it began to move and he took his hands off the keyboard. He smiled when the only thing that appeared was, "This is gonna be real good isn't it?" and an emoticon of a big yellow head grinning very wide with a mouthful of white teeth popped up on the next line.

"Deff is baby. Trust me!" Kyle found the same yellow face in the drop down box and added it to his message.

"It makes me crazy when you say 'trust me' but you know I do." He added a smilie face to his comment for verification.

Kyle didn't type his first thought after reading that one from Josh. 'Oh how I hope you say those last two words to me in a church someday,' was what his mind regurgitated without warning. Goose bumps arose on his arms like solder bubbles up when a flame hits it. The taste he had in his mouth from the words he wanted to say was sweet, and he also knew he had to swallow it. Hell...he was too scared of having had that thought to himself...there was no way he could drop something like that on Josh this soon, much less while so far apart. His mind raced and finally focused enough to send another smiling happy face to buy time to clear his mind some.

"I have to run over to the dorm and pack before I go to work. I should have already had it done and had my suitcase here; but I have just felt so 'at home' the last few days that I didn't even want to see or smell that oversized old gym locker!"

Kyle came back with "LOL" and that bought him more time...until he reviewed what Josh had said: 'I have just felt so at home the last few days.' He almost literally sat on the fingers that were wanting to type back: 'Consider it just that my lover.' The little Kyle sitting on his shoulder was whispering in his ear: 'No! Don't rush this...or him! Let it happen. Don't push it!' He listened to the little invisible man, no matter how much his heart was telling him not to. Instead, Kyle quickly danced his finger tips across the keys to come up with: "Text me baby! Love you! Bye-bye!" and hit the enter key.

Josh did a rapid ditto back and then closed the lap top when the low tiger growl from the speaker announced that Kyle had signed off. 

"Dammit! Yet another one of those mysterious 'trust me' deals!" was said to the bedroom wall in Florida. "It's a good thing I love that man, or I would strangle his fine ass the next time I see him!" He laughed at the sarcasm of his own thoughts and grinned at the big plush orange Tigger propped once again against the headboard of the California king bed. He swore that the plush toy was grinning back at him. "Yeah, Tigger...Pooh does love you...almost too much."

In another bedroom; 1,000 plus miles away; Kyle picked up the little stuffed Pooh he had stolen away for the trip home and hugged it as he said, "Dammit, Joshua! You are like crack cocaine! Small, white, usually hard, and fit in my hand too easily...and I couldn't quit you if I tried!" 

He then looked skyward and verbally begged: "Please give him and me the strength for another seven days...please!" Kyle was a little surprised when he did something right then, that he hadn't for a long while...genuflecting and bowing his head. "Keep my little angel you have sent me, safe...please, God!" 

* * * * *

December 24th ended up being a viciously busy day for both Josh and Kyle. Family and old friends had filled up Kyle's day, and Josh stayed busy with final packing chores and a busy combined day and short rush shift at the pizza shop. They had done one last cyber sex session around 1AM that morning. By 7:30 that night, Josh was rushing across town after work to get the last few things in the Hummer and head for his parent's farm. Kyle and his family were relaxing at the same time after an intimate Christmas eve dinner before getting ready for the trip to church for midnight mass in New York. About all they had been able to do during the day was trade a bunch of text messages back and forth. 

Interspersed among all the 'I love you's' and 'I miss you's' were more than a sufficient amount of teasing and blatant sexual comments from each about what they would prefer to be doing right at that moment also. All the edging with Kyle had Josh near crazy. The electronic foreplay he sent back, caused more than a couple of instant bones to pop in Kyle's pants too; and he became rather creative at being able to hide the obvious from whatever family he was with at the moment. They managed one short phone call while Josh was out on a long delivery to the boonies; but it was so sanitary from Kyle's end because he took the call while eating dessert with his parents, sisters, and the three grandparents after dinner. Josh took advantage of the situation and made both of them almost blow their wads by mercilessly teasing Kyle from his end. 

Kyle recalled the worst teasing line being, "Look over at your Mom, stud, and smile like you do when I swallow that big, thick, gorgeous man stump of yours and make the pre ooze up your pulsing shaft and dribble down my throat." 

He heard Kyle let out a muffled moan followed by, "Josh, please stop."

Josh began to rub himself thru his cargos on the way to an address five miles out Capital Highway. "I'll stop when you are deep in my throat and I am licking your full balls. Go bOINg for me right now, Tiggerboi." 

Kyle slipped a piece of his grandmother's famous strawberry-rhubarb pie in his mouth and let it slide down his throat imagining that it was Josh's throbbing red rod. "You just wait baby... " Kyle began. "...I am so gonna get you for this!" 

Josh erupted in laughter when he heard a female voice say, 'Tell your special friend I hope he is eating something good right now too.' Kyle simply said "That was Mom." 

Josh popped off at first with, "Wish I was eating my man right now," and then realized what it was that Kyle's Mom had said: '...your special friend.' He beamed and asked Kyle "You told all of them, didn't you?" He already knew the answer before his boyfriend spoke. 

There was no delay whatsoever in Kyle's response. "Of course I did baby. I am in love with you...why wouldn't I have? The only real question any of them have, is why I didn't bring you home for Christmas." 

"Well tell your Mom that I would be under the table, eating something sweet right now if you had...and be doing whatever I had to, to get the lid off your special Cool Whip container and get to the white stuff." 

"Joshua! Damn baby! Everyone at the table is staring at me! Stop!" The laugh Josh heard on his phone told him that Kyle was only half serious about stopping the teasing. Yet another voice was suddenly overheard and it was Josh's turn to laugh like crazy.  

"Maybe you and the new boyfriend need some privacy for this call, Kyle?" The voice was male, but not Kyle's. 

"Don't you start either, Dad." Kyle's signature laugh came at the end of the joking demand. Josh smiled as he realized just how good it must feel to have a family like Kyle's that were so accepting. 

"Kyle..." 

"What studpuppy?" 

"I am pulling in the drive at my delivery. I have to go, but I don't want to." 

"I don't either, Josh. Text me when you get off." 

"Don't even use the term 'get off' with me right now, Kyle Roberts!" 

The seductive purring in Kyle's ear that Josh tacked at the end, made him bone again. Thankfully, his bulging crotch was hidden by the long white tablecloth. "Go deliver that damn pizza...please!" Kyle begged. 

"I would rather be delivering something to you, you sexy hunk...on my knees!" What Josh didn't say, but rather thought was: 'Edge my ass will ya?' He snickered and then added before he snapped the cell shut, "Love you Kyle...I will call you in a couple hours. Ready to ring the doorbell here. Bye-bye lover." 

Kyle was busy visualizing Josh under the dining room table, and didn't hear what his Mom whispered to his Dad. "I haven't seen him that happy since high school." 

His father murmured only three halting words back to his mother. "Yes. Joe. But." 

They both smiled knowingly at each other and then over at their first born, who seemed even more happy than he ever was when the two high school boys had dated just barely on the sly for their junior and senior years. They knew Kyle had loved Joe very deeply; but that he had also been hurt very badly by him also. Without needing to say it, they both just knew they recognized the smile and joyfulness in him once again...but it was somehow much more real this time. Kyle's Mom reached under the table and squeezed his Dad's hand. He intertwined his fingers with hers, leaned over with a kiss, and their own form of mind meld told the other how happy they were for Kyle. 

Kyle just kept staring into space with the cell in one hand and a fork with a half a strawberry on it in the other. The red pie gel was dripping on the white linen table cloth. The look he had on his face hid nothing. 

His grandmother nudged his grandfather and winked. "I remember when you would look at me like that. It is so cute. He is in love." The kiss the older couple then traded was as intimate as two teenagers on a third date, as it was two people that had shared nearly 50 years together...and were still in love. 

His other grandmother folded her hands together and duplicated Kyle's staring-into-space look as she recalled all the decades of happiness she and her late husband had together also. She closed her eyes, made the sign of the cross, and silently said, "Let this Joshua be the one for him, Lord. Let him have the same happiness the rest of us get to know with that one special person in our lives." 

More than 1,000 miles away, Josh was whistling Jingle Bells when the front door opened. "Merry Christmas! Santa's little elf has a hot dinner for you," came with the widest smile the customer had ever seen. Santa's little pizza elf left the front porch with another smile on his face from the $20 Christmas Eve tip. It morphed into a huge grin as he slipped the $20 in the pocket of his cargo shorts and felt the hardness snaking up under the pocket. The thoughts of his boyfriend had once again made him want him...right now! 

* * * * * 

Josh had managed to get through to Kyle about a half hour after he jumped on the Scenic Highway entrance ramp of I-10 eastbound; the one that was closest to the house on the bay. He had finally adapted fairly well to handling the huge Hummer, but still hadn't figured out exactly how he would explain showing up at the family farm with it. During the long drive across the Florida panhandle, he and Kyle talked and joked and edged each other. They drained each others cell batteries instead of the full balls they had for almost two full hours before Kyle told him, "Have to go baby. Dad is yelling 'NOW!' at me. Midnight mass is a family tradition that even you can't get me out of. I love you." 

"I love you too...so much," was all Josh had to say to know he was making Kyle smile again. The corner of his lip curled up in an lust filled grin, and he added, "I really want to be making love with you right now though." An uneasy dead air sound stayed in his ear. 

"Baby," Kyle finally began, "I wish we could right now too. A lot more than I think you realize I want the same thing." 

Josh sighed and whined "Yeah...and I won't get to be in your arms for another six fucking days!" 

"Right, but..." Another damn too-long-a-pause filled Josh's ears at the same time he heard the sound of car doors slamming and other voices in the background. "...but, I promise that I will do what I can to show you how much I love you tomorrow. You have a place picked out for when you can get away?" 

Josh smiled at the reminder of the mysterious plan that Kyle kept refusing to share any details of with him. "Sure do Kyle. It's a place that I am going to take you to, when I take you home for a weekend someday soon." 

"Oh? You getting that brave about coming out are you baby?" 

"Well..." It was Josh's turn to create the dead air in Kyle's ear. "...I won't be doing it this trip; but Kyle...I can't keep feeling like I do about you and stay inside the closet much longer with the people most important to me." 

"There is plenty of time, Joshua...don't rush things right now...deff not at Christmas. We know how we feel about each other, and maybe it's best for you if we just enjoy that for the time being." 

Josh was thinking about Kyle's words when he suddenly heard a deeper male voice on the phone. "Josh...this is Jack...Kyle's dad. Listen to me son. Your parents will keep loving you but they may need a little time to adjust if they don't have any clues yet." Josh was speechless and just kept listening. "As a proud father of a gay man, I know how us old straight farts react at first. Make this Christmas all about them, and when the time is right; and you will know when that is; then tell them." 

Josh could do little more than mumble, "OK Mr. Roberts. Thank you for that advice." 

Kyle's dad laughed. "My name is Jack. My son is in love with you. You don't need to be that formal with me." 

"Ummm...OK...ummm...Jack. Thank you sir." Josh held back the other words he wanted to say. 

The smile on his face must have come through to the man though, as he overheard him say "Diane, I think our boy found Mr. Right. He is so polite...he even called me 'sir'." Josh was grinning wide inside the dark interior of the Hummer as he mulled over Kyle's dad's use of 'Mr. Right' in the comment to; who he assumed; Kyle's mom. 

The next thing he heard was a female voice. "Merry Christmas Joshua. This is Kyle's mom and I want you to know that you are welcome to come visit as soon as you can get Kyle to bring you. We already love you too." 

Josh's cheeks blushed up so much that he felt the heat in them and managed to spit out "Nice to meet you Mrs. Roberts. And thank you for that." 

"Hey! Mrs. Roberts is Jack's mom. I am Diane to you...or 'Mom' too...if you feel comfortable with calling me that." 

Josh was totally speechless and worked to be able to get out even an "Umm...OK...umm...Diane." A big part of him wanted to say 'Mom' instead. 

"HEY! Can I talk a little more to my boyfriend?" 

Josh laughed as he heard Kyle make the request. There was a little noise as the cell was either handed back to Kyle or he snatched it from his Mom's ear. "Baby...do you see now what you are getting yourself into? Sure you still love me?" 

"More than I can tell you Kylio." 

"Aw Joshie. You are a brave man. Just one more reason I miss being with you so much." Kyle was nuzzled into the comfort of the back seat of the large Mercedes sedan and was smiling so big. Both his younger sisters were beside him and making faces and throwing kisses in the air. "And just wait...Mom & Dad are a piece of cake. You still have to pass the test with Beth and Susan yet." He laughed to clear up any fear Josh might have of that being any kind of a problem. "The only attitude either of them really have, is that I ended up with the cutest guy on the planet, and they are jealous." 

"Damn Kyle. You are too much. I really do love you." 

"And you know I love you more. And I hate to say this, but..." 

"But what, Kyle?" 

"We just rolled into the church parking lot and I have to go." 
