 "Just what the fuck is your problem tonight, Josh?" Cody's voice was the harshest it had ever been when speaking to him. "You were all happy as a $20 hooker at a traveling salesman convention when you got back from Christmas and stayed that way until last night. Since you came in today though, you have been bouncing between acting like a menopausal woman, and a virgin on her wedding night! Sheesh dude...what is up with you?" 

Josh pulled out his cell and looked at it for what seemed like the 500th time since he last heard from Kyle around 2:00. It was now almost 9PM, and his worst fears were in his mind since there was no text or voice mail yet...that Kyle was still trapped in the Rochester airport by the lake effect blizzard that had smashed into the upper western corner of New York state that morning. His flight had been canceled and rescheduled three different times, and the last thing he heard was that he should be able to get out before 5:00 and still be able to grab one of the last two puddle jumpers from Atlanta to Pensacola so they could be together at midnight like they had planned. 

"Kyle may still be in New York thanks to that fucking snow storm is what the fuck is wrong gawd dammit!" 

Cody was taken back by the way Josh snapped at him. He walked around the corner of the cut table and wrapped his patented big brother arm around him. "You really are in love with him, aren't you little one? If you need to talk, you know I am here for you." 

The smile and plutonic touches that Cody was giving him showed off just how sincere Cody's words were. Josh begin to sniffle a little and then before he could control his feelings, his eyes began to tear up. As the moistness in them grew, he buried his head in his friend's chest and whimpered like a little puppy that had just had his tail stepped on. 

"Tonight was going to be the night dammit!" was all he could manage between the sobs. 

"The night? Josh...you mean after all this time, you never..." 

"Unt huh Cody...not all the way...not yet! And it was going to be tonight. I just know it was!" Josh slammed his wet cheeks back into Cody's now damp shirt, and hugged him as if his world was ending. 

"Oh baby, it will be OK. It's not like he dumped you or anything. His flight is just delayed." Cody was brushing Josh's thick blond locks as he let him get out the emotions he needed to. 

Josh inhaled deeply and finally let loose of the bear hug he had on Cody. Even though the pizzas were piling up at the end of the conveyor belt coming out of the oven, Cody and Josh just stood and looked at each other. Josh's eyes red and wet, and Cody's drilling into him with real concern. "I know you are right, Codeman." He took another deep gasp for air and added, "I will be okay," before turning to grab the next run he was up for from the heat rack. He paused and looked at Cody as he latched the Velcro snap closed on the now full hot bag and finished with, "I just wanted everything to be perfect tonight...especially tonight!" Before Cody could respond, Josh spun on his heels and popped out the driver's door of the shop quickly. 

He had intentionally taken a long triple drop run...six miles to the Red Roof by the interstate first; then a house at a subdivision three miles down the road; and a final order for a regular customer another five miles out Capital Highway. He would be nearly eight miles from the shop at the end and it would be at least a 45 minute ride, but he wanted time to think. He instinctively reached in his shirt pocket for a cigarette even though he had been smoke free for over a week now. "Damn! Old habits are hard to break!" was the comment he made to himself out loud. He was so proud that he would be able to give Kyle one final holiday present of being able to make out without tasting like an ashtray or mouthwash. It had been a long ten days and between the intimate, private time calls back and forth; and then Kyle's final surprise present the night before last; Josh was so ready to be in the arms of his man again. 

Recalling the memory of the call between them the morning after Christmas on the way to his first delivery caused a massive bulge and was almost as exciting as Josh's introduction to phone sex in the woods. He had managed to disappear to the loft in the barn before breakfast and Kyle was stretched naked on a chaise lounge in the pool house when they connected. The smoothness in Kyle's voice told Josh he had complete privacy. Kyle began the call by suggesting he had followed him to the barn in nothing but an old pair of sweats and wrapped his arms around him from behind; grinding an obvious erection against Josh's jean-covered ass. Before he could turn and return the kisses Kyle was running up and down his neck, he felt his jeans get undone and strong hands delicately slide them down his thighs. The morning wood he had already been sporting, became like a sequoia and Josh moaned deeply into the phone as he duplicated everything Kyle purred into his ear. He slipped out of the jeans he had on and dropped to his knees on the hay. Looking lustfully up into the eyes of his lover through the phone, he reached to gently grope the large lump showing in Kyle's sweats...massaging it thru the thick cotton until a giant wet spot appeared. Leaning in to kiss it made Kyle moan and the sounds got louder as Josh told him how he was chewing on his hard tool thru the thick cotton. 

"Oh my fucking gawd I need you baby," exploded in Josh's ear. "I pull your tee over your head and start rubbing your shoulders as you work me like only you know how to." 

"Staring into your eyes as I slide your dark sweats down your strong thighs. Help you step out of them and sit back on my heels drinking in the most beautiful man I have ever seen. Run my hands under your sweat top and across your abs to your pecs...tweaking the nubs of your nipples until they are hard as pebbles between my fingers." 

"Oh fuck yes, Josh! Unzipping my top and my legs begin to shake as you lean in and lick my tummy while cupping my full morning balls." 

"Keep twisting your nips as I drop my face to that spot where your leg meets your hip...sucking on it before I flick my tongue over your sac and inhaling your morning scent. In one quick motion, I swallow your cum holders and roll them around inside my wet mouth." 

"My legs give way and I fall to the hay bale but your mouth never lets go. OH JOSH! Twisting my fingers in your hair as your mouth once again amazes me with yet another new way to make me crazy." 

"Feeling your hands kneading the back of my neck as you push up into my hungry lips. My cock is dripping almost as much as yours. I spit out your heavy balls and swallow your soaked cock head and begin poking the slit with my tongue tip." 

"I push you down on the hay bales...spin and straddle your face as I grab your jumping dick and bring it to my salivating lips. Just as your blond pubes brush my chin, my nose smashes into your balls, and as your cock head fills my throat; I feel your tongue slip inside me." 

"Moaning so loudly as I alternate between chewing on your sweet bud and tongue fucking it as you bob faster and faster on my throbbing tool. Your thick pre pooling on my chest as I eat your wonderful man cunt." 

"Leaning down and taking you deeper than ever before. My cock humping between your pecs as you chow down on my boy slit. Using a mix of your pre and my spit on my middle finger, I pull your full balls tight and push it thru your ring. Feel you chomp down hard on my cheeks and drive your tongue so far inside me." 

The memory Josh was replaying in his mind made him wander across the lanes of the deserted road he was driving as the scream Kyle let out at that point pierced his ears again. He couldn't ever recall Kyle being that vocal or loud even at their most intimate moments in real life. As he turned into the entrance of the Red Roof, he quickly adjusted the massive bulge in his cargos and jammed the old Honda into park. As he stood at the elevator door, the night desk clerk shot him a knowing wink and wide grin after running his eyes up and down Josh's frame and staring a little too long at his box. Josh blushed deeply and dropped the hot bag low enough to cover his still boned cock. The guy was cute as hell and he had sort of hit on Josh a few times, but the only male that held his interest any more was Kyle. He did trade smiles and 'Happy New Year' with him when he came back down from the third floor delivery, but it was the only thing he would ever get from him...even if the guy did hand him a motel business card with his own cell number written on it. As much as Josh loved good sex, he was a one-man-man now. 

By the time Josh had dropped off that delivery and gotten back to his car, his hard-on had dwindled back to its flaccid state. But the quick pop down the road to the next delivery gave him just enough time to flash back to the morning phone call scene he and Kyle were so into. The straw was rough on his soft butt cheeks as he spread his legs and cupped his balls. Kyle purred in his ear lustfully how he was finger fucking the hell out of Josh while literally trying to swallow his throbbing, dripping rod clear into his stomach. Josh remembered crying back how he was humping up into Kyle's face as he pulled his cheeks wide and attempted to get his full wet lips inside his bung hole as if Josh's tongue tip could somehow reach his magic button. He was completely hard again as he swung into the customer's driveway and felt pre leaking into his pants. He couldn't help but sit in the car for a few long seconds and rub himself thru the rough fabric while he recalled Kyle screaming, "OH FUCK YES JOSHUA! EAT MY ASS YOU HUNGRY MAN! CHEW ON ME AND MAKE ME CUM!" 

Josh quickly added, "OH HELL YES KYLE!" to the mix of loud screams when he was told he now had two fingers deep inside him and felt them smack his hot spot repeatedly. "I am gonna cum Kyle! Don't stop! PLEASE DON'T STOP!" On the phone, he grabbed two handfuls of hard ass cheeks of his lover; splitting them wider and pulling him even tighter to his face while teething his ring. Laying in the California king bed they shared so often, he was beating his meat like he never had before...partially from how worked up Kyle had him and partly from the reaction Kyle had as he ate him out verbally. Just as the tell-tale rumble of an unstoppable eruption began in his balls from the thoughts he was having, the front porch lights of the house he was delivering the pizza to flickered on and off three times. That brought him back to earth before he actually erupted in his pants from the flashback of how hard and long the orgasms he and his boyfriend shared that night had been. 

He blushed to himself and somehow managed to limp to the front door with just about the largest hard-on he had ever had snaking up thru his pubes and trying to peek out the waistband of his now too-tight pants. He did everything he could to hold the hot bag and stand so that the wet spot and lump wasn't obvious to the attractive lady that was leaning against the door frame of the open doorway...but between the grin on her face when she glanced down shamelessly at him and the extra $20 she added to her payment, it said it all: this cougar wanted some college boy fantasy fulfilled. He mumbled a lie to her about still having three more deliveries to make but added a wide grin, purposeful stare at her cleavage, and suggestively licked his lips to be able to justify keeping the extra $20. That not only managed to accomplish the goal but got an extra $20 pushed in his pants pocket and a squeeze of his tingling cock. "Drop by later pizza boy. I will still be hungry I'm sure." 

"If I can get out of the plans I have made...maybe I will," were his last words accented with a teasing grin and one last scan of the lady's tits. Josh thought to himself, 'Damn! The things I do to score a tip.' He snickered on the way back to the car and burst out laughing behind the wheel at how close he came to asking her if she had a hot hubby that needed taken care of instead. He dropped the car in drive and headed for drop off number three...fruitlessly trying to recapture the mood he had been in with the memory of the hottest phone call ever with Kyle. As he turned onto Capitol Highway and began a lazy cruise three miles on out the road, his mind instead pulled up what was the final surprise gift that Kyle had given him. 

Last night he had only been back at the bay front house an hour when his cell had vibrated in his pocket. The ring tone told him it was a text from his man and he looked at the glowing screen telling him to simply get online as soon as he could. 'Dammit Kyle,' he thought to himself, 'I am really not in the mood for cyber after finding out how hot and intense phone sex can be.' Hoping it was just connecting so they could set up a time to have some more private time, he signed on and was nailed with an instant message almost instantly. 

"You home finally, baby?" was in the upper left corner of the screen. 

"Yeh stud...got in about an hour ago," was his typed reply and then added, "Wish you were here too." 

"Maybe I can be," was the teasing reply. 

"Sure you could if you had a teleporter handy LOL," flashed onto Kyle's laptop in New York. Josh snickered to himself at the thought 

"Next best thing baby," was the quick and mysterious response. "Go out to the kitchen and get the package in the cabinet above the fridge. I'll be here waiting." 

"Kyle why do you do this to me?" 

"Because you love it baby, that's why." He added a winking emoticon and then the dangling tongue to the end of that message. "Trust me!" was the next line. 

"Dammit Kyle!" Josh began the return message with and then added: "If I ever get you to marry me, I will have them include 'Thou will never use the term trust me' to the vows!" He tacked on a big laugh at the end of his comment. 

"Just do it babe," was Kyle's reply. "You have one last present to open and it is going to make tonight extra special." 

Josh typed a simple 'K' and added 'sec' to it before he padded down the hallway from the bedroom to the kitchen. After stretching his body full length to reach the almost inaccessible to anyone shorter than six foot tall, double doors above the fridge, he stared at a large rectangular box wrapped in colorful Christmas paper. He grinned extra wide when he pulled it down and saw the scenes on it were of Tigger and Pooh building snowmen. 'Gawd, I love the little boy in him so much,' was the thought that immediately shot through his brain. The package was slightly heavier than he expected it to be and shaking it gave no clue to what was contained behind the bow and paper. Shrugging his shoulders, he trotted back down the hall to the bedroom and flopped down on the chair in front of the computer desk. 

He quickly typed, "OK...what is this...or do I want to know?" 

"LOL" showed up on his screen along with, "Just one last thing I thought you needed babe. Go ahead and open it if you haven't already. I'm not going anywhere." Kyle added a big smilie face to the end of his instant message. 

With a shake of his head and smile of his own on his face, Josh began to slowly pull up an edge of the wrapping but let the little boy in himself decide to just rip it off like it was the first present on Christmas morning. He actually gasped when he saw the graphics on the box underneath, and then thought, 'I will so kick his ass if that is what is really in here!' The weight was right but he didn't really believe that Kyle would have done something this extravagant was all he could think as he stared at a Sony Vaio lap top box. He was fingering the tab at the top...almost afraid to open it for fear it actually WAS a new computer...when the tell-tale tiger roar of a new IM from Kyle broke his day dreaming. 

"Come on grandma! You making a career out of saving the wrapping paper and bow or something?" was on the screen. 

Josh typed very slowly. "Kyle. You didn't really do this did you? I'm scared to open the box." 

"Well you better get it open Joshie because that is only part of the surprise," was the come back. 

Josh's eyes focused through a few tears as he lifted the tab and looked down inside the box to see that the carton was not simply being recycled, and indeed did hold a brand new lap top. After pulling it out and removing the foam sheath, he ran his hand over it like he would be caressing Kyle if he were here at the moment. The surreal moment was broken as Kyle zapped another IM to him. 

"Well? You gonna say something babe, or have I been replaced?" 

"Kyle this is so fucking unbelievable. Why? We said nothing crazy and had a limit. I mean this is way too much," was the only thing he could think to say. He sat motionless for the next minute; glancing back and forth from the laptop to the PC screen watching the little pen emoticon move as Kyle typed to him. 

"Oh shut up baby. You have three and half more years of school and that old thing you have will never make it. That is as much an investment in your future as it is my way of saying how much I love you. Plus if I am lucky at all, I will be able to take it out in trade in the process. LOL" 

Josh literally laughed out loud at Kyle's final comment and began typing back quickly. "You are just too much! Do you know how much I love you right now Kylio?" 

Josh let his flashback be put on hold as he pulled into the drive of his final delivery on the triple. He was smiling so wide with thoughts of how Kyle had surprised him when he rang the doorbell on the old restored farmhouse. His jovial 'Happy New Year,' to the older gentleman that opened the door, got one in return...along with a pair of twenties and a very welcome, "Keep the change," for the $32 order. As he sat in his car afterwards for a few moments before pulling back out, he thought how much his mood had changed on this run. Yes he was still so upset at not knowing if Kyle would be home yet that night, but the memories he had been able to relive made it bearable for the moment. As he turned onto the pavement of Capital Highway for the long ride back to the shop, he drove slowly and allowed himself to once again zone back to how the previous night had gone from one surprise to another and the wide smile returned to his face. 

"Well that is a payment plan I could get into...especially if you charge lots of interest! LOL," was the way Josh answered the 'take it out in trade' line. 

"And your first payment is due tonight," was the almost immediate reply from Kyle. 

"Mmmm. No problem Mr. Loan Shark. You calling me or am I calling you stud?" 

"Neither baby." 

"Oh no Kyle! Don't get me all worked up and then tell me you can't." 

"We don't need the phone tonight Josh. Got an extra surprise for you. Sign off and take your new toy over to the bed and plug it in. It's already set up to go so you can just sign back in." 

"But Kyle. I wanna do more than cyber. I wanna hear your sexy voice." 

The ever infuriating: "Trust me," was all that Kyle typed back. 

"KYLE!" 

"Trust me Josh. Please. You won't regret it or ever forget it," came with a big grin emoticon attached. 

Josh sat and stared at the comment for at least fifteen long seconds before he remembered how every time Kyle used 'trust me' like this, it ended up being yet another new mountaintop he had been taken to by his lover. He finally tapped out "K...give me a minute or two," on the keyboard. 

"Baby. Tonight will take a lot longer than a minute or two once you see what I'm talking about." A winking eye emoticon was added along with: "See you in a few, hot stuff." 

Josh remembered how quickly he kicked off his sneaks and flopped down on the bed with the new lap top. He wasn't sure what Kyle was really up to...maybe some serious edging via IMs like he needed any to get him any hornier for his man...but he also knew Kyle always won the 'trust me' game, so he found the power button and watched as the computer jumped to life. The screen glowed bright instantly and he smiled at the wallpaper picture of him and Kyle holding hands on the back deck that Cody had taken during a barbeque. 
