 8===> More than the big ball in Times Square drops at midnight 

As Josh pulled into the pizza store parking lot he shifted the still half-hard shaft straining the fabric of his shorts. He also took one more glance at his phone again...hoping against all hope to find a text from Kyle he had missed...and saw that it was a few minutes after 10PM now. He frowned at both the hour and at the still empty, new text screen before he kicked open the car door and sluggishly walked into the shop. 

"Please tell me I am done and can get the hell out of here," was the begging whine he gave Cody when he saw just two boxes stacked on top of each other under the heat lamp. "That last run almost killed me man." 

Cody grinned wide at first as he couldn't help but notice both the obvious protrusion and the dark wet spot on Josh's crotch. Then his face adopted a, 'You don't wanna know' look that made Josh cringe. "Well little bro..." 

Josh cut him off in mid sentence with, "Fuck no Cody! Somebody will be back soon enough to take that one! Please don't ask me to do 'just one more'." 

"Shut the hell up and listen a minute, Josh," Cody ordered. 

Josh slumped to the chair next to the dispatch screen without looking at it, but did give his friend a look that could kill as he already knew the pleading that was about to come. "Oh what the fuck! It's not like I have anything to go home to except an empty house anyway." His expression was something resembling a martini blended of hatred, lust, and despair...and eyes that were like a pair of wet olives floating on top trying to make love to the mixture but only succeeding in weeping. 

"Josh..." Cody began as he walked to the chair and squatted down as he wrapped an arm around his shoulder, "...listen to me guy. This one is the last one and the only reason I want you to take it is because it's right on your way." He paused before adding, "Its a comp'd order, but this guy will tip big anyway. Easy money for you." 

Josh felt the squeeze on his upper arm and saw the magnified smile on Cody's face. Exceptional tip or not, he had no desire to even see another customer tonight, much less be friendly. He just wanted to go to the house and cry. "Please Cody. Let somebody else deliver the damn thing," he whined.

Cody playfully turned Josh's face to his and looked straight into his eyes as he said, "Josh, you just might want to look at the address before you bitch anymore because this is a really good customer of yours. But if you really don't want to drop this one off..." The sarcastic grin he tacked on the unfinished statement was as confusing as the wink and glance he gave towards the computer screen above them. 

Josh's eyes grudgingly followed Cody's to the glowing monitor. He shook his head a little to find clarity of the street and house number he was seeing; then almost knocked his friend over as he jumped up from the chair and pasted his face to the screen to let the far too familiar address bore into his brain. "If you are fucking with me, I swear I will stuff your ass in the pizza oven, Cody!" burst from his lips and his eyes began to moisten. He spun around to take in the wide smile on Cody's face and was literally shaking as he mumbled, "Are you serious? Is he REALLY there?" 

Cody grinned from ear-to-ear as he embraced his friend and whispered in his ear. "All I am going to say is the customer said he is really, really, really hungry, and he will never order from us again if anyone but you shows up with his food. And the customer is always right aren't they?" The huge guffaw that came after those words made Josh start laughing too, as tears of joy streamed down his cheeks. 

After managing to regain some composure, Josh looked at Cody and asked, "Is this some really twisted scheme Kyle talked you into to mess with my mind half the night?" 

Cody simply grinned and replied, "Nope! All I am allowed to tell you is his cell battery died at the Rochester airport just as they called for his flight to board, and he called the shop from a pay phone about two hours ago, to tell me he was in Atlanta and catching the last commuter here in 15 minutes...but to not tell you." Cody halted for a breath and then added, "I think he wanted to surprise you since the day had been so fucked up, Josh." 

Josh slammed both hands on his hips and announced, "I don't know whether I want to kick his ass or just make love to him until his evil head explodes." He couldn't help but join Cody in a very healthy laugh at his supposedly conflicted emotions. Deep down inside, he was doing a happy dance like he had never done one before. His man was home! 

Getting checked out was done in record time and after a hug and New Year's kiss from Cody, Josh literally ran from the shop to his car with his one last delivery of the night. As he started the old Honda up, the radio station began playing hits from the 1990's and the first one was the 10,000 Maniacs chart buster 'Because the Night Belongs to Lovers.' Josh's tears of happiness wouldn't stop coming for the next three blocks as he let the words of the song speak to him. As much as he wanted to drive faster than a Blue Angels pilot showing off in an F-18 Hornet, Josh wasn't about to take any chances and drove slowly and cautiously while taking in every word of the song playing. At one stop light he looked up through his windshield at the mist covered moon, and spoke to it with, "Please let that song be ours tonight." He kept staring at the twinkling stars and luminous moon and allowed himself to drift into daydreaming about his and Kyle's live video session again before a honking horn behind him brought him back to reality. As he slowly drove under the now green light, he felt a pleasingly painful hard-on that was once again straining the fabric of his too tight briefs. He snickered as he realized part of his fresh wood came from the vivid memory of the mutual huge explosions he and Kyle had shared by their own hands while camming last night and how they had video cuddled and pillow talked afterwards. He also knew that a bigger reason was the fantasy that was taking more and more space in his mind of what was to come yet tonight. By the time Josh turned into the driveway of the house on the bay, his undies and his mind were both a sticky mess. 

He was almost all the way to the front door when he remembered the food that was in the car. 'Dammit! Kyle is probably actually hungry,' zinged thru his brain as he did a heel and toe spin, and ran back to grab the two boxes sitting on the passenger seat. An evil smirk crept to his lips as he approached the small covered porch again and he spoke quietly to the warm cardboard in his hands. "He wants to play pizza boy at the door by calling in an order, does he? Couldn't be bothered to call me and say, 'Hey I am home,' could he? Thinks he won this one, does he?" He snickered under his breath as he decided to get even and be 'just the pizza guy dropping off a freebie.' Instead of barging through the entry like he wanted to, he rapped the door hard with his knuckles and waited patiently. 

When the door opened a moment later, Kyle was standing there in only the same blue and white board shorts he had on the first time they met. "Great! Dinner is finally here," was all he said as he stuffed a pair of crisp $20's in Josh's shirt pocket and snatched the two boxes from his grasp. Before closing the door in his boyfriend's face, he tacked on, "Thanks and keep the change." 

Josh slid down the wall and sat on the concrete with his arms crossed waiting for the door to reopen. He chuckled as he thought to himself how Kyle thinks he is winning this little game of foreplay chess. He reached down to rub the strange double lump in the large pocket on the right side of his leg. "I still have his extra icing cups for the cinnamon bread in my pocket and that's called 'Checkmate bitch!'" But he decided to play it up and pasted the most despondent look he could muster on his face when the door creaked open again. 

"Aw come here babe. You know I am just messing with you, " pierced the night air above him. 

Josh started to pull himself to his feet, and tried to not let the excitement of seeing his lover's nearly naked frame silhouetted by the lights from inside the house get to him, but gave in as Kyle clutched his head and pulled him to his lips. Josh returned the tongue battle as he also snaked his hand down to the pouch of his cargos holding the extra icing containers, and managed to get one out and the top loose without Kyle noticing. Just as he was feeling Kyle's hand slip behind him and grope his globes, Josh raised his hand to the front of Kyle's boardies and pulled the waistband out far enough to be able to squeeze the icing down inside them. Kyle jumped back as he felt the semi liquid ooze down over his cock and pubes and yelled, "What the hell Josh?" 

Josh grinned wide and pulled out one of the twenty dollar bills Kyle had wedged in his shirt pocket. "Sorry buddy, but I only get bought off by one guy now." He snickered as he pressed the bill into Kyle's hand. "But hey...at least you got your dick wet and sticky." The befuddled look on his face was priceless as Josh knew he had him by the balls now. He sealed that in Kyle's mind by moving his hand to his crotch and massaging them thru the surfer trunks. "But I am kinda horny, so if you don't tell him, I won't either, stud." 

The laughs and embrace they shared then was only finally broken when Kyle said, "Oh what the hell. I have never been able to say 'no' to a really cute blond pizza guy." He laced his fingers with Josh's and guided him through the doorway before adding with a wink, "Just don't wear me totally out...my boyfriend is supposed to be here sometime yet tonight." 

Josh angled his face to Kyle's ear and whispered as he kept rubbing the globs of icing on Kyle's cock, pubes, and balls through the shorts. "By the time I finish licking off the mess I am making of your crotch, you will forget about any other guys even existing. In fact, by the time this night is over, you won't even remember your 'other' boyfriend's name." 

Kyle pinned Josh to the foyer wall and kissed him again. He could feel his pre leaking and mixing with the sweet dessert topping. "Okay baby...I'm going to let you win this one only because I have missed you so much and can't take it anymore." 

The nuzzling that Kyle's lips began inflicting on Josh's neck made him quiver and decide that both of them were going to be the winners tonight. He pulled away from Kyle long enough to pick up the food boxes from the hall table and tease him by walking away with it. "Dinner in bed sound good, hunk?" He purposely wiggled his bubble butt and then looked over his shoulder with a seductive smile and a throaty, "Or do you want dessert first?" Not waiting for an answer, he then ran for the bedroom with Kyle in immediate fast pursuit. He came to a screeching halt one foot inside the bedroom door and stared in disbelief at what he saw. Had Kyle not been quick enough, the pizza box would have followed the dessert one and hit the floor too, as they both slowly slipped from Josh's grasp. 

Kyle quickly sat the rescued boxes aside and said, "So much for being able to seduce you first and surprise you." His arms encircled Josh's waist from behind and snuggled his boned up crotch to Josh's round butt cheeks. "You like it baby?" 

Josh had to literally dig to find his voice. "Gawd Kyle...it's...it's...it's amazing!" eventually found a way to escape from his lips. He had found out long ago that Kyle had a serious romantic streak, but he had really outdone himself this time. There were scented candles burning everywhere...some red, some white. The TV was on showing the partying in Times Square, but with the sound muted in favor of the Elton John love songs CD playing on the stereo. A new, pure white comforter was adorning the California king waterbed along with four oversized pillows sheathed in white satin cases. Deep red rose petals were scattered all over the bed and the huge Tigger and Pooh stuffed animals were cuddled together in the center...patiently holding the spot for their owners. Josh leaned back into Kyle's arms and sniffled a little. "You are just too much at times, babe." 

Kyle pulled him back into him tight. He exhaled a hot breath into Josh's ear and then added the words, "There can never be too much when it comes to you after that stunt with the sign at the airport, lover." He gently kissed his way across Josh's cheek and then lightly brushed his lips over the moist ones he found. Kyle could taste the saltiness on Josh's cheek and spun him around to stare in his eyes while he held him. "Why are you crying baby?" 

Josh inhaled deep and in almost a whimper answered, "Because with all the ways I thought of how special I wanted this New Year to start, I never thought it could be like this, Kyle. I love you so much. Sometimes I am scared I can't be everything you deserve." He surrendered himself to Kyle's strong arms and buried his damp face between his bare pecs. 

Kyle muzzled the little laugh that was trying to crawl from his throat and simply stroked Josh's thick blond locks while holding him. He thought to himself, 'I do stuff like this because I cant always find the words to say how much you mean to me.' Eventually he tilted Josh's face upwards and after kissing his nose he softly and sincerely uttered, "All you have to do to be everything I want or need, is to just keep being you. You finished owning my heart ten days ago with that sign at the airport." 

Josh smiled. 

Kyle smiled. 

The smiles evolved to a passionate kiss and they continued to just hold each other while swaying to the music and words of 'Can You Feel the Love Tonight' echoing from the walls. The digital clock in Times Square on the television was showing 11:01 as they sank down to the softness of the bed. There were only fifty-nine more minutes left in what had become a most special year for both of them.

They spent a few long minutes of just laying with their arms and legs entwined...trading tender kisses and finding a lulling peacefulness from the rest of the world while huddling together. Kyle finally broke the silence by propping himself up on his left arm and letting his eyes drill into Josh's as he declared, "I love you so much, Joshie." 

It was by far the most seductive he had ever heard Kyle's voice be. Before he could reply back, Josh's work polo was being rolled up his abs and he let a purr trickle from his lips as he felt Kyle's fingers dance across them. He sat up slightly and raised his arms to make it easier for Kyle to finish removing the tight pullover. Teeth were tenderly nibbling on his right boy teat before the shirt hit the floor beside the bed. Josh gritted his own pearlies and released a deep moan from his innermost being as he grabbed the thick, dark hair of the head pinned to his chest. "Mmmmm Kylio, my one and only," seeped from between his lips as he pinched his eye lids shut in pleasure from the combined feelings of the mouth on his pecs and the fingers erotically moving back and forth on his smooth tummy. Kyle had his pinky in Josh's belly button teasing it, at the same time his thumb and index finger popped the snap on his khakis. He allowed himself the gratification of gliding his hands down Kyle's firm back and enticingly tug the waistband of his board shorts downward...just far enough to expose Kyle's hard cheeks and snug the elastic at the bottom of them. It was as much a go-ahead signal to Kyle, as it was a desire to get them off him. The warm, moist lips moved to suckle the small divot at the base of Josh's neck at the same time he felt the fingers graze his fabric trapped erection as his zipper was being lowered. 

"I think somebody has a big hard-on," accompanied the grinning face that Kyle gave Josh as he finished opening the flaps on his cargos. He bent over to kiss the large damp spot showing near the elastic on the baby blue bikinis he had found once he jockeyed the work shorts lower. Josh was so hypnotized by the movements of Kyle's lips on his cotton covered cock, that he didn't even feel his hand slip inside one of the leg pouches and pull out the final dessert icing cup Josh had there. "I think we need to free it before it rips out a seam or two," came from Kyle just before Josh lifted his hips to allow the shorts to be pushed down to his feet. Kyle smiled as he sat up on his knees and noticed Josh's oozing mushroom sneaking out from the yielding waistband of the skimpy, well-packed, blue briefs. 

As he kicked and freed the khaki shorts from his toes, Josh smiled back and reached up to grab a handful of the bulge that couldn't have been any more obvious in the blue and white surfer trunks. "I don't think I am the only one with a massive wood problem right now." Continuing to clutch and fondle his lover's crotch, Josh added with a grin, "Feels like you have a petrified Redwood hidden in there, babe." He pondered for a few seconds on whether to run his hand nonchalantly up inside a leg opening and sensually search for Kyle's prize, or just let his lust go wild and yank his boardies down and swallow it. Before he could decide, Kyle shifted quickly and dropped a knee on each side of Josh's stretched out legs and leaned over to grind his tree trunk against Josh's. The intimacy of their pleasure rods meshing together through the two fabrics of their underwear was almost too much. Josh snapped his eyes closed again to enjoy the gentle thrusts and grinds of his lover. He grasped Kyle's forearms and let out a moan that was near orgasmic by itself to Kyle's ears. 

Kyle happily smirked as he looked down and saw a growing puddle of pre juice pooling on Josh's tummy. He sat up on Josh's thighs again and shifted his fingers to Josh's hips. He worked his long digits inside the binding elastic at the sides and in almost time-lapse photography fashion, ever so slowly peeled the tight blue bikinis that he would never find sexy on any guy but his Joshie, down his young lover's still farm-hard thighs. He left the undies hang around Josh's knees and shimmied his butt back onto his calves. As his hand encircled the base of the standing-at-attention erection, he verbally observed, "Oh yeah baby...looks and feels a whole lot better than it did last night on the cam." Kyle tacked on a big wink before lowering his face to tease Josh's nut sac with his tongue tip. His palm gripped tighter around the pulsing flesh and just squeezed it forcefully while Josh's hips raised to meet Kyle's tongue. The noises Josh began to make, could have been a soundtrack for a porn movie. 

"You don't have any idea how much I have missed being with you, Kyle," finally squeaked out in between Josh's gasps and moans. He tried fruitlessly to grab Kyle's shoulders and pull him up to his face to make out some more...his hands finding nothing but air as Kyle continued to nurse his cum holders with his mouth and milk his tool with his fist. A major shiver ran up his spine as he felt Kyle drop the grip on his trembling cock and his tongue cruise under his balls to lick at his sweet spot. "Oh fuck me running, babe," screamed from his lips when Kyle's teeth took over and he munched just hard enough on the knot to simultaneously make Josh's legs spread even wider and rise to a half sitting position. Leaning far enough forward to be able to manage latching onto the waist of Kyle's board shorts, Josh shoved his hands inside them and begin a fumbled search that ran from first pawing at the hard globes, to forcing their way to the front and be able to finally touch the hard as rock flesh he hadn't for almost two weeks. "I want your fucking dick, lover," exploded from Josh's mouth and he snared Kyle's eight incher and held on as if he would let go, he would never get the chance to touch it again. 
