  8===> The boys get tested in many ways just before Spring Break 

Josh slammed his Quantitative Analysis book shut and threw it across the living room towards the fireplace hearth. "Gawd, how I hate that fucking class!" he yelled at the ceiling of the empty room. 

He knew in his heart, that it wasn't just the studying for the early mid-term in the course he despised the most, was what was truly bothering him. The trip he had made to the mall that afternoon, ended up going so bad. Getting stuff ready for the cruise, coupled with papers that were due and his normal work schedule, was stressing him also. The fact that it was nearly 8PM, and Kyle still wasn't back from cashing in his 'join the Ice Pilots at practice' gift he had given him on Valentine's Day more than two weeks earlier, wasn't helping either...especially since he had met up with the team at 2:00, and the only text Josh had received since was just before 6:00. 'Gonna grab a beer with a couple of the guys. Eat something if you get hungry. See you later,' was all it said. Plus, his mind was beginning to repeat to him; yet again; what happened after he entered the bathroom secluded down a long hallway at the far north end of the mall. His train of thought was suddenly derailed by the hard slam of the truck door from outside.

* * * * *

Kyle had so many mixed emotions going through his head when he pulled into the drive at the house. The elation of the nearly two hours on the ice; playing his favorite sport with semi pros, and then getting the chance to relax with some of them at McGuire's Pub for a beer afterwards; was fighting with what had happened in the locker room after the practice, and again just before he hastily and rudely excused himself at the Irish eatery's bar only minutes ago. He shook his head after parking in front of the garage, as if that would make the thoughts magically go away. When it didn't, he jumped down from the tall truck and let his anger push the door shut hard enough to almost make the big Hummer shake. By the time he was storming through the entry foyer, his tangled thoughts had him on a mission. 

* * * * *

Josh smiled at having Kyle there to unhinge his own disconcerting thoughts, and he jumped up quickly. "Hey, babe. I am so glad you are home." He wrapped his arms around his boyfriend and hugged him tight as he added, "Hope you had fun." 

Kyle's mind was racing as he mumbled, "Yeah I did." The sudden, deep amorous kiss and lusty groin grind he gave his lover was the only way he knew to cope with the way he was feeling. When Josh started to melt in his arms and returned the hip hump back with some tongue to his teeth and gums, Kyle picked him up and carried him to the bedroom. "Don't say anything right now," he half ordered and half begged, as he dropped him sideways on the California king, and pulled the neon blue basketball shorts from Josh's waist. Kyle began stripping off his own clothes while he knelt between the legs dangling over the bed edge and mouthed Josh until his cock was fully erect on his tongue. 

Josh couldn't remember when he had ever seen Kyle being this aggressive, but it was turning him on. His lover's lips on his bone and then the short, expert tonguing he gave his twitching college boy twat, had him completely ready, willing, and able so quickly, it wasn't funny. He started to add, "Fuck me good babe and do it now," to the moan that escaped from his throat. 

The words were cut off as Kyle stood up and covered his lips with one finger, shook his head 'No,' and pinned his erection to Josh's rosebud. He stayed silent except for the occasional sigh or happy whimper as Kyle rubbed the juice leaking from his mushroom on his hole, and stole some from Josh's oozing slit to slick up his engorged tool. The way Kyle punctured his ring with little additional foreplay was unusual. The way his ankles were suddenly yanked up and planted on his shoulders and the guttural growl from Kyle was a cross of highly erotic and bad-porn-movie hilarious. The way he began to rock his hips back and forth standing next to the bed taking his ass as Josh felt all but the last inch of hard flesh shove in further, was almost raunchy. But any worry...or want...of him intensifying the rough bed play went out the window when his body was covered with Kyle's torso and his lips were being licked as slowly as the now changed pace of his gentle thrusts. 

"I so do love you and only you," was whispered to his man as Kyle backed down from near rape to wanting to make long, patient love. The only problem was, his balls were already so deeply invested; and Josh was squirming back into him so hard; that both of them returned to the rapid and fervent, raw fucking their bodies were demanding. Kyle stood back up, grabbed Josh's ankles, and spread his legs high and wide. He began taking long, full humps and Josh began fisting his own cock while staring into Kyle's blazing eyes. 

'Damn! They are almost a dark brown I've never seen before,' was the thought Josh had when he drilled his bedroom blues into Kyle's normally hazel and gold flecked eyes. He shuffled any other distracting thoughts aside when he felt his lover pop his hot button and allowed his own nearly fulfilled lust slam his rump back hard enough to make Kyle moan. He began to work himself even faster as Kyle's pace picked up again and was spanking Josh's ass with his nut sac. Josh almost didn't hear what Kyle said as they both came at the same time, but the words, 'I'm sorry, forgive me,' were still in his ears when he felt the tears on his cheek from his boyfriend after he collapsed on top of him. Josh held him tight and didn't move or say anything until he felt him go fully soft inside him. 

Kyle finally pulled out of Josh and crawled over him to stretch out on the bed. He took Josh's hand in his, and silently invited him to join him in an afterglow cuddle. 

Josh moved up beside Kyle and tasted the tear salt when he kissed his cheek before reclining with him. "OK, I know something's wrong. What happened, Kylio?" was the way he told him to let it out. His hand went to Kyle's chest and covered his heart as if to say, 'This is all that matters, babe.' He slipped his leg in between Kyle's and snuggled up a little tighter just to put a period at the end of the unspoken, 'You know you can tell me anything, and nothing changes,' look on his face. 

Kyle felt his eyes moisten again when he looked into Josh's as they cuddled. Part of him was convinced he was so unworthy of the love he was being shown at that moment; and another part wanted to spill things to Josh as if it was Saturday night and he was sitting in a confessional. He wasn't even sure what it was he needed to confess...if anything at all. 

"Please say something, Kyle. You are scaring me," was the prompt that Josh next gave. He eased his fingers into the dark brown locks on Kyle's head and lightly rubbed his scalp as he added, "I love you. No matter what." 

Kyle finally inhaled and began with, "Well my sweet Joshua..." He paused and stroked the side of his lover's cheek before going on with, "...I not only got propositioned; but I honestly thought about it when it was offered to me." When he felt Josh tense in his arms, the next words came rapid fire like a machine gun. "I didn't do anything though. Well not really. But. Dammit. That sounds bad. Not really isn't what I meant. Josh! I was really tempted, but...ah fuck I am not even sure what to say. I feel like such an asshole right now." 

Kyle tried to pull away after the mish-meshed comments but Josh only held tighter to him. "Take a breath lover and tell me slowly what happened. It's okay." He tried to inject some levity with, "Unless you took on the whole team in the shower, I will still suck your pretty dick for you, babe." 

Kyle actually was able to snicker at that one, but his facial expression went back to serious quickly. "Joshie..." he began with as he hugged him, "...it's funny you said that, because it did start in the shower." He was smiling just enough to let Josh know he was ready to open up. He mirrored the smile he saw, back to Josh and continued. He skipped over all the details of how much fun he had practicing with the team other than to state the obvious, and instead drew a visual picture for Josh of him and eight naked hockey players in a steamy shower afterwards. He actually blushed when he told him about how built and defined they all were. Kyle had to divert his eyes when he spurted out, "And gawd, is their goalie hung." 

Josh only grinned and said, "Okay. So you were reading the dessert menu. So what? You didn't order anything for take-out did you?" 

Kyle grinned back and was feeling a little better, but still had the bomb to drop. Inhaling deep, he continued with, "Umm...no. I did half bone checking them out and shouldn't have been thinking some of the things I did, with you to come home to. But what happened at McGuire's afterwards had me having to decide if I wanted to do more than read the damn menu." The once-again serious look was back. He quickly went on. "Four of the guys and I went for a beer and some appetizers, and an hour later it was just me and Dillon...the goalie...yakking it up. He is two years older than me and grew up in Toronto, and said he remembered hearing my name when I played in high school. Pretty soon, it was just the two of us left at the table. We kept talking about north New York and Canadian high school teams, and places we both knew in Buffalo, and shit like that." Kyle stopped for a moment. "And then I felt his leg pressed up against mine under the table and it kept moving just enough that it wasn't a muscle spasm." 

"Oh?" was all Josh said to that one. 

"Uh huh. And when I didn't move it away right away like I should have, he looked over at me and said, 'So hot dog high school goalie, just how good are you at stopping a big puck getting into your net?' and wedged his knee in between mine. Then, he licks his lip and says, 'Or do you let it through your face mask and take it in the mouth?' " 

"No fuckin' way, Kyle? He said it just like that?" 

"Way baby...and honestly it was kind of a turn on to me at first. I mean damn...I am only human and you know how easy it is to get me going. I hate to say it, but I did think about what the fat cock I saw between his thighs in the shower might taste like; and I did pop a boner; but then I looked down at my hand and saw your ring." Kyle stopped speaking to Josh, looked down at it again, and rubbed his thumb over the large blue stone setting in the metal circling his third finger for few seconds; then went on. "I tried to change the subject, but for the next five minutes he just kept hitting on me and finally just said how bad he needed good head and had seen me looking him up and down in the locker room. I feel like complete shit for not getting up at the first crack, and shut him down right then and come home to you. I guess I was enjoying being tempted and hope you can forgive me for probably teasing him back somehow and giving him any ideas anyway. I don't think I will be getting invited back to any more practices though. I wasn't real polite with what all I said when I got up and left. I think 'fucking closet case,' even got used...and loud enough for the whole restaurant to hear." 

Josh hugged him again, laid his head on Kyle's shoulder, and inhaled noticeably. "Nothing to forgive you for, babe. It does make what I have to tell you a little easier though, I guess." 

Kyle looked at him with blank confusion in his eyes. 'What could you possibly have to tell me worse than that?' was in his mind. 

Josh snickered. "It's partly your fault anyway. Damn gift certificate to The Gap came from you." To clear the fog that created in Kyle's head, he began to explain. "I went down to the mall while you were getting naked with your new buddies, to see if they had any new trunks in, since I didn't like the ones they had last week when I went shopping for the cruise. A guy that's in my psych class was working and helped me find a sweet pair I will show you later. He is just queenie enough that I knew he was gay, and guess his gaydar went off on me too. He made it his project to stand just outside the dressing room as I got out of my jeans and try on the trunks; then made me come out of the booth I was in, and let him see if they looked good enough. It was just me and him back behind the curtain and he whistled and spun me around to check out how they looked from behind." Josh paused for a breath and to see Kyle's reaction so far. "Then the homo decides to just run his hand over my ass and say, 'Yeah, this one makes that cute bubble butt just stand up and say HELL~LO!' He caught me so off guard that I just darted back in the booth and got my jeans back on, paid for the trunks, and got the hell out of there." 

"OK...so your hot little buns got groped a little. No biggie, baby." 

"Yeah, but that wasn't the end of it, Kyle. After I left, I hit the game room across from the store and had a few cans of Coke while I played a new video. By the time I went to head for the car, I really needed to pee and hit the bathroom at the end of the hall. It's usually always empty since isn't marked real well. I had it whipped out in the last stall and was whizzin' real good, when I heard the door open and some footsteps. By the time I finished and started stuffing lil Josh back in my pants, the stall door opened and I felt a boned up crotch jammed up against my ass, hands grabbing my cock, and 'Here, lemme make that feel real good,' being whispered in my ear. I fuckin' froze, Kyle!' 

Kyle hugged his baby tight and silently prayed he wasn't about to be told the next part of the story would be some pudgy, bald, middle aged, closeted husband, cruising the mall bathrooms while the wife was maxing the Visa card at Sears. The memory of a drag queen trapping him in a bathroom stall the same way, the only time he ever hit a gay bar at 19, sent shivers up his spine. 

"By the time I realized it was that fucking asshole from The Gap, he had yanked me around and was on his knees with my dick in his mouth! I wanted to beat the shit out of him, but..." the pause was there, but only momentary, "...this so hurts to admit to you Kyle; but my fucking dick got hard and he definitely knew how to suck cock the way he was working it. And when I didn't stop him right off, he looked at me and said, 'You can do me when I'm done, cause I know you are a hot little cock sucking fag too.' " 

Kyle bit his bottom lip, but didn't say anything. 

Josh saw the lip chomp and brought home the finish with, "But, no matter how good it felt, I didn't care if it had been Zac Efron blowing me; my cock is only yours. I kneed the prick in the chest and rolled his ass into the space between the toilet and the stall wall...and was tempted to stand there over him and finish what he had started all over his face and clothes and let him try to explain all the spots and stains to his boss when he went back to work. But I figured he might like that too much, so I just told him if he ever spoke to me again; much less ever touch me; he wouldn't be needing the sex change he probably wanted since I would rip his dick off and shove it so far down his throat, it would be the last one ever there!" 

Kyle couldn't help but laugh at the scene Josh had described, and how ultra butch his lover could get at times. "You are such a damn redneck, farm boy stud, Joshie," he proffered along with a teasing noggin rub. 

Even though repeating the story had made Josh mad as hell again, the jocularity from Kyle made him smile and laugh also. But he also asked, "You aren't mad about it though? I mean I didn't really stop him at first." 

Kyle snickered and kissed Josh's nose. "Baby...the oldest truth in the world is, a hard dick has no brain, and usually no conscience. The fact yours not only was hard; but was getting it worked by a professional bathroom queen, and you still stopped it because of us being one; just tells me shit may happen and we will get tested, but we both can deal with it the way we should." 

They cuddled and talked and Josh ragged on Kyle a little about what a possessed demon fuck he had thrown on him earlier. Kyle finally suggested they needed to get up since Josh needed to hit the books for his QA exam, and he needed to crank out another five or six pages of a term paper himself, yet tonight. "Think we can get Cody to bring us a large pizza for a late dinner?" 

Josh grinned. "Prolly won't even need to tip him if we both answer the door naked when he brings it by." 

* * * * * 

A week later, Josh was feeling pretty good when he walked to his old Honda in one of the university parking lots. He was almost dead certain he had just aced the psychology mid term. He would need an 'A' in that course to balance the 'C' at best he was expecting from the Quant class, to assure a good shot at getting his small scholarship renewed, and keep the grant people happy also. An additional 'A' in the creative writing elective he had picked for the semester, was almost a given since he always had enjoyed keeping a journal and writing assignments in English in high school...and he was good at it, too. He swung by the dorm to grab a clean uniform shirt for the short 4:30 to 8:30 rush shift he was working today. He needed to gather up things also, since he hadn't been to Kyle's the last three days because of the heavy duty cramming they had needed to do for their back-to-back mid-terms. Living in two different places depending on the night of the week and their study demands, was a pain; but he wasn't about to bring up or discuss the move-in issue. At least not until he was sure he would be more help to his lover than a distraction to his critical studies...or was asked. 

He knew Ryan wasn't in the room since he had an early afternoon test in his management theories class, so Josh didn't bother with the courtesy double rap to the door they had decided would be appropriate for both of them to use before opening it. The long talk they had gotten around to, three days after the explosion on Valentine's Day afternoon, had gone very well. They were almost back to being the great buds they had been previously. Ryan had even started being supportive and asking about Kyle when he realized nothing had ever really changed about Josh, and that his heterosexual manhood wasn't going to be threatened simply because his part time roomie was gay. He flipped on the stereo and half listened to the Declan Galbraith CD he had borrowed from Kyle's extensive collection, while he rounded up the stuff he would be needing over at the house on the bay for the next three or four days. At 4:00, he headed for his car so he could hit the Wendy's drive-thru and still make it to the pizza shop on time. He laughed to himself at the possibility he might be pregnant since he was having a strange craving for double hot sauce chili and a cold, chocolate Frosty too. He let a real laugh out as he added the thought of, 'At least I know who the baby-daddy is.' 

* * * * *

The shift had been busy and gone well. By 7:50, Josh had scored almost $50 in tips. He smiled when he saw the next run he was up for pop on the dispatch screen. "Cool...Chris's place," he said to the air; knowing that whether it was his buddy he hadn't seen in almost two months or the parents, the tip would be good. He was out the door and headed for the ritzy subdivision with the order for a single, medium, everything-but-anchovies, pizza before the clock hit 8PM. The front porch was unusually dark when he pulled in the drive and cut off his engine. He punched the door bell and waited, listening to the ostentatious church bell chimes ring inside the dimly lit, wide entry hall. When the door eventually opened, Chris was standing there wearing just a pair of clingy, bright yellow, Hugo Boss boxers, and a smile. The color was far too appropriate, since the tent showing in them was shamelessly advertising Chris's big banana. 
