 8===> The boys share an early Christmas

It was a week later, and Josh hadn't made it to his third delivery of the three bagger he was out on, before the first phone call came into the shop about him. Cody was waiting for his next delivery to come out of the oven and took the call. 

The older female voice on the other end began by saying, "I have never called about one of your driver's before, but..." Cody prepared himself for the normal 'driver speeding' or 'delivery guy acted shitty because I didn't tip' comments. Instead he heard, "...that Josh is absolutely the most friendly and upbeat young man that has ever delivered pizzas to us!" Cody sincerely thanked her for the compliment, and grabbed the next ringing phone, knowing he would pass the rare occurrence on to both the manager, and Josh when he saw him. 

"Another flattering call?" was the manager's comment when Cody recounted the call to him a few minutes later. "What has Josh happier than a pig in shit this week? That is at least the fourth call that has come in like that!" 

"I know. You are usually dancing around and dodging bullets with complaints about us; aren't you, Adam?" Cody was well aware that he had been the subject of enough of them and tacked a wink on his question. Adam was only a few years older than him, and cute as hell but unfortunately, terminally straight. But he was both a good manager that covered the driver's butts when they screwed up, and was totally cool with the gay guys. "I think he is in love, man."

"No kidding, Cody?" After a slight pause, Adam added "Love? Oh hell, that explains it! But dammit...even you and Bryan don't act like you are living in Nirvana all the time, and I know you two have something serious going on."

Cody only grinned at the sneaky quizzing Adam had slipped in to find out just how serious he and Bry had gotten. "Maybe we should add some Ritalin to his slices of the next crew pie," was his way of side-stepping the inquiry.

"Or maybe some salt peter," was the alternative Adam proffered. He and Cody shared a good laugh about that, before Cody ran out the door and straight into Josh returning from his triple run.

"Opps! Sorry man!" was his apology for nearly knocking Josh to the ground. "You score good, buddy?" 

The question was meant about tips on the run, but Josh instead replied with a huge smile plastered across his face and, "Almost every night this week, Codeman." The rest of the expression on his face and in his blue eyes, could only be compared to a space cadet enjoying the best buzz ever and watching imaginary flashing stars, shoot across a moonless sky that wasn't there, from the non-existent cloud he was on. 

Cody smiled wide too, but shifted to big brother mode for a second. "I am happy for ya Josh, but take things slow guy. I don't want you going all lesbo on me and renting a U-Haul over the weekend." 

Josh snapped back to reality long enough to reply, "Nah! Nothing like that Cody. But...I have spent the night three times this week. And damn...it only keeps getting better and better each time." He mutated back to grinning space cadet as the memories obviously begin filtering through his brain cells. 

Cody simply laughed and shook his head as he tossed the two hot bags in his back seat and headed off on a double he hoped would be a double score tip wise. 

Josh quickly bagged up his next run and groaned a little when he saw the single was going to the boonies. "Fuck! The stiffers on Sunset Lane again," was what came across his lips. His brain added "Here goes 40 minutes of my life and a gallon of gas for nothing!" His frustration was coming from knowing he would hear 'Keep the change' from a customer that can't figure out that the 68¢ worth of coins from the twenty they use to pay for a $19.32 order is NOT a tip. Josh spat out a verbal, "Fuck them!" as he decided to take his jolly time getting this one delivered.

By the time he was a half mile of the seven and a half he needed to drive out Capitol Highway, his mood had shifted back to utopia as the nostalgia of the previous seven days took control. He had another good ten or twelve minutes to think before getting to the customer's house, and decided to make them happy minutes.

The serious discussion and oral love making he and Kyle had shared on the deck the previous Saturday after their most serious talk, once again took center stage. But it was quickly replaced with how they had lazed around most of the afternoon just being buddies who couldn't learn enough about each other. Hours later, Kyle showed a little frown when Josh told him he had to shower and change for work. Josh shared the feeling of not wanting to be apart, but Kyle replaced the sadness with a huge kiss and a whispered, "You are coming back tonight, aren't you baby? I have plenty of studying to do that will keep me occupied until you get off." 

Of course it took no thought at all for Josh to say yes. Kyle had teased him with a few edging texts while he delivered; and the phoned-in compliment about him had come shortly after an interesting set of back-to-back-to-back, triple messages from him. The first told him to not fill up on pizza because he had a special midnight meal planned for them; a second one that said: "Be aware that when I put on a formal midnight dinner, we don't dress for it!" The third and final was obvious and blatant at the same time: "And just wait until you see what dessert is, baby!" Josh had evidently hit the next customer's door with such a big smile on his face, that they didn't notice the gigantic bulge in his shorts, and was so impressed with his overly-happy demeanor that they called the shop about him.

The other good thing from that night was that the complaint he received was communicated to his face when he delivered, instead of being called in to the shop. It had come from a frat guy that he had sowed a wild oat with on the pool table more than a month previously. He was drunk and very unhappy when Josh not-so-politely brushed away his crotch grab and said 'no' to a demand for a replay on the green felt. 

"Fuck you pizza slut! See how big your tips are from now on asshole!" was the way he put it, if Josh recalled correctly. He only laughed and wiggled his butt cheeks at him as he walked from the frat house game room. He knew the jerk was so fucked up, that Josh doubted if he would even remember being turned down the next day. 

That scene reminded Josh of the next complaint from late Sunday night, when he dropped off a pie at the aging hotel downtown they called the Moaning Lisa. As fate would have it, the same young room service guy and him met again at the elevator and Josh had to try and gently say 'no' when he wanted to call in the marker from the blow job he had given Josh many weeks before. It wasn't taken well and the term 'damn hustler' was tossed at him as the pissed off punk whined about how 'he was owed one.' Josh did feel bad about that one; but he also had no intention of doing anything with anyone that might screw up what he and Kyle were just starting. "Oh well," he thought, "It isn't like either of them are going call the shop and complain about me refusing to play with them." 

Filing away that memory, allowed him to recall finally getting off work and being completely speechless when Kyle answered the door just after midnight. He was wearing only a pair of shiny, expensive, black silk boxers, and a bright crimson, tuxedo bow tie. "I decided we should 'dress' for dinner after all, baby," was said with a campy smirk as he handed him a slender, ribbon-tied, cream-colored box. Josh slid the ribbon off and pulled up the lid to discover it contained an identical pair of briefs and monkey suit neckwear. Kyle had him quickly strip and put them on in the living room, before ushering him thru the glass patio doors. There he again lost the ability to talk as he saw a full blown, three course dinner spread on a linen-covered, round table in the middle of the deck that overlooked the bay. A single white candle encased in a hurricane globe flickered in the center, and a lone red rose lay in front of one plate...his according to a smiling Kyle. Josh re-ate the entire romantic meal with him in his mind and was just remembering the details of the sexually charged hour they spent after finishing dinner; cuddling and bringing on the first shared explosions of the night in the hot tub; when he pulled into 1344 Sunset Lane's dark driveway. He got out and walked to the equally dark front porch with the delivery, knowing he was about to be shafted with no tip. But there was a smile on his face that couldn't be peeled away...and couldn't be made larger even if the customer handed him a $50 and said keep the change.

On the long drive back to the shop, Josh rapidly cycled through his mind grinder, the other two nights that week that he had off and stayed at Kyle's. One was spent wrapped together watching TV from the big leather couch and finding out that no amount of teasing from him was going to interrupt Kyle from watching the entire episode of 'Family Guy.' His whispered promise to 'make it up to you later' was happily kept in the bedroom. The other night was a dual study session as they both stayed very busy for many hours...Josh working hard on a term paper for his operations research class due the next day, and Kyle cramming for an early final in embryology. Both were very tired when they finally retired for the night at nearly midnight, and without needing to discuss it, knew they needed sleep and could save satisfying their physical desires for each other until sharing the shower in the morning. They fell asleep in what had become the normal, tight spooning embrace of Kyle holding a nuzzled-upped Josh against him. 

The recollections were brought to a screeching halt when Josh walked through the door of the shop again and was hit by Adam with, "The phones haven't rang since you left and we are totally dead, Josh. You wanna get off early and go spend time with the new boyfriend?" 

"Hell yes!" was the reply that required no time to come up with. He knew Kyle had some kind of secret plans out for part of the evening...he had told Josh that when he left for work...so he pecked out a quick text to him to see if he was back at the house yet. 

It only took a moment to get one back that said "I'm here baby and could use your help with a couple things...both of them hard. Get here soon."

Josh grinned but also wondered what else; besides the obvious; was hard that Kyle was talking about. He was in his old beater Honda and headed to find out within minutes. 

Taylor Swift's 'Maybe Two is Better Than One' was appropriately just finishing up on the radio station he was tuned into as he parked beside Kyle's Hummer...which was abnormally sitting outside of the garage. He noticed a trail of pine needles from the truck, across the drive, and up the walkway as he approached the front porch. Little piles of the slender green needles were scattered there and more were bunched right up against the edge of the door also. He grinned hopefully at what that might mean. His assumption was correct when Kyle opened the door with a broom in his hand and he could see the giant green pine tree standing in the living room. The tree had shed even more of the pesky needles all over the tiled entry hall.

"Grab something for us to drink and get ready to help decorate it baby," came after the quick soft kiss on Josh's cheek. "You know how anal I am about the house and I just have to sweep up the needles that damn thing shit while I was dragging it in before they are all over the place."

Josh snickered and patted Kyle's butt before heading off to the kitchen to retrieve a few Cokes from the fridge. He saw the open bag of caramel Bugles on the counter top, and knowing they were Kyle's favorite, decided to snag them also. 

Josh handed him one of the cold cans, and got a huge smile when he held a single candied chip to Kyle's lips. The smile changed to a grin as Kyle seductively licked the coated treat and the fingers holding it, before slowly sucking it into his watering mouth. Josh thought "Da-damn! He even makes eating junk food sexy as hell." The instant erection in his work shorts was the proof of how true that statement was. 

"Well...what do you think, Joshie?" The question was accompanied with a flamboyant wave of the hand at the large Christmas tree poised in front of the wall next to the fireplace. "I hope it is only our first of many," was added before Josh could answer. 

"It's beautiful, Kyle. It really is," was Josh's critique. He also caught how Kyle how used the term 'our first of many' in reference to it. Between that and the sudden holiday spirit filling him, the smile on his face and joy in his heart couldn't have been larger. 

"I wanted to surprise you and that's why I was so evasive about what I was going to be doing while you were at work," began the explanation. "With finals starting next week and me flying home for Christmas right after; I wanted to celebrate here with you first." 

"Gawd, I love you," started from Josh's lips; but he cut it off after the first word was out. 'Not yet dammit...take it slow!' was in his brain, and he instead finished by saying, "I-I-I love that idea, Kyle." He hugged him tightly while holding back the happy tear trying to exit his eye. 

Kyle returned the squeeze and turned Josh's face up to his. His full lips brushed over Josh's and he let them fall open to allow access for the tongue licking them. Their hands began roaming over each other like a cop doing an far too intrusive pat down, and their hips found each other. As the embrace became more and more intimate, the kisses deeper, and the grinding constantly more demanding; Kyle whispered to Josh as he gently moved him to the floor in front of the tree. "Baby...I am such a kid about Christmas and never could wait." The sudden evil grin on Kyle's face came with "Can I please open one present now?" and he began to undo Josh's shorts. 

"Only if I can too," was the condition he placed as he reached up and began to roll the tight tee shirt up Kyle's body. Once he had it off, he slipped a hand inside a leg opening of the running shorts he was wearing. 

Neither used any other words as they slowly and amorously undressed each other; but rather allowing their hands and their eyes speak for them. By the time they were naked under the tall tree and using their mouths to pleasure each other, any words they could get out wouldn't be understandable anyway. Almost duplicating the afternoon action on the deck one week ago, Kyle's hips gently moved his cock back and forth into Josh's mouth. When Josh rolled over on top of him; still suckling Kyle's tool between his lips; instead of frenzied motions, their bodies gelled together and moved up and down slowly like the blobs of the mystery goo does in a well heated, lava lamp. Even as the juices began to move into Josh's cum shaft, and Kyle felt his balls tighten; both of them continued with the almost motionless movements of truly making oral love to someone. When the final surge into each other's mouth happened, it was a strange but highly satisfying combination of one long, slow, giant rope draining from their tools, and an unbelievable internal quaking inside their bodies and minds. 

It was many minutes later while they lay huddled together just staring into each other's eyes before either spoke...possibly because there was a certain fear of verbalizing the way they both felt at the moment. It sure didn't help Josh any, that 'Maybe Two is Better than One' was once again playing softly in the background on the stereo. Kyle swallowed what he wanted to say as he heard the same song, and finally took the initiative to snap the tempting silence with, "I have an idea, Joshie."

"What, Kylio?" was all he could safely let out of his mouth at that moment.

"It's really more of a question, baby. If I change my flight back from Rochester, to December 31st...can we spend New Year's Eve together?" The way he asked, was so much like a small child politely requesting permission to get a cookie from the jar at grandma's house; not needing to be asked, but so cute that it was.

"I can't think of any other way I want to start a new year," was all Josh said and it got a huge smile from Kyle. After they sealed the deal with several sloppy, fun kisses; they continued to lay entwined together, naked under the tree, discussing the plans for their first Christmas together.

* * * * *

The week of finals was a ball buster in many ways for both the guys. Between all the required cramming for exams, and working his normal shifts at the shop, Josh found it almost impossible to do little more than text back and forth with Kyle most of the week. He knew it was just as time restraining on Kyle also because of the much more difficult and serious course load of a first year med student. Josh could fuck up balancing a company's checkbook years down the road because he blew off studying debits and credits to spend time in bed with his boyfriend instead; but no one would accept that as an excuse for a doctor saying 'OPPS!' in the middle of a heart transplant. 

Compounding the inability to see each other for the first four days, was that Josh also needed to find that 'perfect gift' and he had been stymied by the "What the hell do I buy for him?" question the few times he found a spare hour to go shopping. By the time he escaped from his last final just before noon on Thursday, he had only 4 hours to find something special and still show up in time for a rush delivery shift at the shop. Kyle was flying home to New York late Friday afternoon, and they had decided to make their Christmas first thing tomorrow morning. He was expected at Kyle's as soon as he got off tonight, so they could make up the time they hadn't had so far that week...and wouldn't have for the 10 days he would be gone. This was his last chance and he headed again immediately for the closest shopping complex to the campus. 

On the way, something caught his eye though. A large, upscale, indoor flea market & antique mall sat on the corner a couple blocks before the biggest regular mall in town, and a light bulb went off above his head. He remembered Kyle telling him he had collected Beanie Babies in high school and still had more than 300 in storage at his parents house. The four that sat on the mantle above the fireplace in Florida, were special since they were the first ones he ever got as presents...one each from his Mom, Dad, and two sisters. "It's silly Josh; but they kind of make me feel like my family is here too, watching over me because of those," was the way he explained them. He also knew that Kyle dearly loved anything hockey and perhaps he could get lucky and find something fitting those two categories there. He also knew the mall would be packed and he really didn't feel like fighting the maddening crowds and screeching kids standing in line to sit on Santa's lap. Josh and Kyle had discovered they both shared a love of the holiday, but both also loved the familiness and intimacy of it far more than the commercialization. Josh wheeled the old Honda into the almost empty parking lot, after deciding to take to heart one of the 'rules' they had both agreed to about their first Christmas. It had came during the discussion after the intense oral love making they shared under the tree the previous week.

Josh still snickered every time he was reminded of the way Kyle had so smoothly started it all that night...with the kind of cheesy, but so damn romantic, "Can I open one present now?" question as he began unzipping Josh's shorts. He smiled extra wide as he remembered cuddling naked together afterwards, talking about their already made and unchangeable holiday plans with the families, and how they had to work in time for each other too. They discussed what ways they could make this first one together special even though they would be more than 1,200 miles apart on the 25th. By staking claim to Friday the 20th as their own Christmas, was one of the solutions. The other ten days they would be separated could be filled with text messages and cell calls. And Kyle had managed to switch his return flight so they could bring in the new year together...so it was working out best it could. Without knowing it, both had left unsaid how they truly wished with all their hearts, that they could be spending the time together instead of just with their families. 
