 Valentine's Day dinner and then surprises on a deserted beach

Less than thirty minutes after getting out of bed from their late afternoon lovemaking, both boys were squeaky clean from a shared shower, hair dry and properly primped, and dressed for the night out. Kyle had decided to wear a pair of new jeans also, instead of dress slacks. "I thought maybe we could hit the beach for a walk afterwards," was the reason he used; but Josh thought it was more of an excuse so he wouldn't feel under-dressed wearing his new Levi's. That was one thing he felt he needed to work on, even though Kyle had told him many times, he had no problem with Josh's more casual, college boy style over the preppy look he seemed to prefer for himself. In few minutes they were holding hands in the Hummer as they headed into downtown. 

Josh still hadn't an inkling of where they were eating...exactly like Kyle wanted him to stay in the dark for the romantic surprise he had planned. He finally found an open space just a half block off the section of Main Street he wanted, and expertly parallel parked the big truck into the stall on the first try. He proudly took Josh's hand in his as they walked up the street. "Hey...two women can do this all the time, every day of the year, and nobody thinks twice about it," he told Josh. "So I think they can get over it bothering them when it's two guys and Valentine's Day too." 

Josh laced his fingers with Kyle just a little tighter at that comment. They turned the corner, and a couple dozen or so steps later, Kyle was pulling Josh to the doors of a restaurant he didn't even know existed. He scrunched up his nose a little at the name on the window of the older, downtown storefront. 'Melting Pot. Sounds like some artsy-fartsy coffee house,' was the thought he kept to himself. 

Once inside, his opinion quickly changed when he saw the luxurious decorating scheme, soft lighting accented with a muted candle on each table, and a cummerbund-wrapped maitre de standing behind a big mahogany lectern. There were several other couples in the waiting area, and the boys joined them after Kyle gave his name to be checked against the reservation list. He could have sworn he heard him tell the guy 'Roberts Thomas' in a way that was being obviously hyphenated. 

An older male couple smiled at them knowingly as they sat down across from them on an antique love seat to wait. Josh was almost ecstatic when Kyle smiled and winked back at them, and then draped his arm behind Josh and gently rested his hand on his shoulder. A quick glance at the other two couples...both male-female pairings...got accepting smiles back. He knew right then, that this was going to be a really special dinner and permitted himself the delight of being able to drop his hand to Kyle's knee and leave it there. 

The older male couple's reservation was called next and they seemed to be following the boys' lead, as they took each other's hand and were escorted to their table. It was just a short wait until Josh heard 'Roberts Thomas party' called out, and he and Kyle did the same hand holding as they were led to their chairs. Once seated, they were handed menus with an 'Enjoy your special night,' by the good looking maitre de. He grinned as he rapidly tacked on 'Cuties' and a wink. They both kind of blushed at that, but gave him back a sincere thank you. "You ever had fondue, Joshie?" was asked by Kyle as he walked away. 

"You mean the stuff that's like hot cheese that you dip broccoli and celery in?" Josh wrinkled his nose a little again. "It's okay, I guess. Why? You want that for an appetizer?" 

Kyle snickered. "My dear, sweet farm boy. I'm not talking microwaved Velveeta and Fritos. Get ready for a whole new experience, baby." The questioning look on Josh's face was priceless. Kyle took the menu from him and suggested, "I know what you like to eat...trust me and let me order, and you just enjoy." 

Josh silently nodded. As Kyle scanned the bill of fare and perused their options, he looked around the capacity packed, large room. He smiled as he saw almost every table in the crowd, was just one couple, and that there were at least a half dozen other same sex partners obviously sharing a special Valentine Day meal too. They made some small talk until their waiter appeared and he listened intently to learn, as Kyle placed their order. 

It was only a few minutes later; just as Josh was finishing up telling Kyle of the near fist fight he and Ryan had gotten into, and convincing him to stay out of it and could handle things; when the triple cauldrons on short, iron stilts were placed at the center of their table. All three had large tea candles burning under them. One was a dark cheese of some type; another looked to be a super thick pesto sauce with a really enticing aroma; and the last was a near boiling, almost clear liquid with spices and green, red, and orange flakes floating on top. The server quickly added a platter that included veggies of all types; from the predictable carrots, celery, and broccoli blooms, to the more exotic large mushrooms, cherry tomatoes, and asparagus stems. A big selection of cheeses and variety bread chunks surrounded the edges of the tray. Even though he was well aware; Kyle let the waiter show them how to use one of the long forks to stab their choice and swirl it gently in the warm cheese or white sauce; and also how to use the hottest liquid to deep fry a vegetable, cheese chunk, or piece of bread. 

"Eat up baby," was Kyle's only comment when the waiter left. He quickly stabbed a cornbread cube and a mushroom and submerged the fork they were impaled by into the dark but clear liquid that literally sizzled when the food hit it. He did the same with a bright red tomato and chunk of what looked like the thick farm bread Josh's grandma made all the time...but those two went into the cheese mixture. As he jabbed a piece of cauliflower and what had to be rye bread and baptized them in the white sauce, he prompted Josh again. "Come on baby...I will eat it all if you don't help." Josh laughed, but rapidly followed Kyle's lead and picked up a long fork; quickly skewered his own concoctions; and made faces at him as they sampled their way thru almost everything on the platter. 

It was better than a hour later, when the waiter asked if they wanted another cup of coffee to go along with the final picking over they were doing of the fruit scraps left on the last platter. Josh was almost a fondue expert by the end of the meal. He had totally gotten into the new...almost boner producing...taste bud sensation of this style of food when the main course platter was added to the table. He couldn't believe his eyes when he saw the more than two dozen, carefully sliced, chunks of different meats and six jumbo shrimp all bordered by red and white potato wedges, and thick cut green pepper and onion slices. Between the new fondue pots of thick cheddar and pepper jack, and a well seasoned, hot oil that came with them; Josh was infatuated as he tested each one of the selections. He was particularly impressed at the taste of prime rib quick boiled in the heavy pepper sauce juice. A hunk of veal; swirled in the thick cheddar cheese, and then fricasseed in the simmering curry; was excellent also. He even taught Kyle one, when he pulled the onion slab from the bubbling oil; drenched it in the pepper jack; and then submerged it in the oil for another minute to come up with a single alliance taste of onion ring and deep fried cheese stick. 

When Kyle told the waiter they wanted the 'Just Kill Me Now' platter for dessert, Josh was stymied at what could possibly show up to top off the meal. His eyes bugged out when the final three hot pots were set in front of them...one with hot, dark chocolate; one with equally hot, white chocolate; and a final one of regular chocolate, but a distinct hint of peanut butter too, rising from the steam. The large oval dish was next and contained apple and orange slices; at least ten, inch thick bananas disks; a half dozen or so large Bing cherries; some of the biggest and reddest strawberries he had ever seen; and some inch square, cubes of cheesecake. 

By the time they had both sampled one of each in the different chocolate sauces, Josh wasn't sure if the fullness in his jeans was from all the food he'd eaten, or caused by the flirtatious way Kyle's eyes would roll as he sucked on an orange wedge dunked in warm, white chocolate. He smiled large when he found out dipping a huge Bing cherry in the peanut butter enhanced chocolate, and then pressing it to Kyle's lips made him moan. Kyle returned the favor by soaking one of the huge strawberries in the dark stuff Josh loved, and feeding it to him slowly. He swore he almost came as the mixture of the slight tartness of the juicy berry and the bitter sweetness of the dark chocolate was being teased through his lips and rubbed on his tongue. Nobody even looked twice at them since almost every other couple was doing the same thing at one point or another during their multiple course meals. 

While they sipped at their coffees and let the meal settle some, Kyle tried to surprise Josh by slipping a bright red envelope onto on the table. Josh only smiled and countered back with a dark red one of his own and, "You first, Tigger." 

Kyle eyes glittered when he saw the words 'I love you so much' on the front of the card inside. They moistened a little at the almost overly romantic ones he found on the interior fold. Then they took on a confused look as he noticed the business card of the coach of the Ice Flyers taped to the left side of the opened card. "What's this, Joshua?" he asked as he ran his finger over it. 

"Well if you turn it over, you'll find his cell number written on the back." Josh had every intent of dragging this out; and enjoy doing it, too. Kyle tugged the card free and flipped it over. Now his expression was one of total confusion and Josh was loving it. 

"Just keep that someplace safe, and someday when you need a break from school, and me...and need a good hockey fix...call him." With the look he saw now, he knew he was making Kyle crazy. Before he could say something, Josh decided to explain. "He is one of the regular customers we deliver to, and the other night I took a big order to his place and the whole team was there. After they tipped me really good and gave me those tickets to the next games on top of it; I told them my very best friend in the whole world played all through high school, and was the goalie and the captain, and was also the biggest hockey fan on the planet, annnddd..." Josh just let that hang until he saw Kyle ready to burst. "...and the coach said you can come practice with them for a while one afternoon. If you want to." A wide grin of sarcasm was on Josh's face while he waited for the reaction.

Kyle didn't know whether to scream 'IF I want to?', crawl up on the table and do a happy dance, or just grab his boyfriend and make love to him right there in the middle of the dark, crowded dining room. Even with the combination of the mind numbing thrill of such a special gift, and his already chocolate intoxicated passion for his lover at that moment; Kyle simply leaned across the table and kissed Josh ever so softly on his cheek. "Thank you so much for this, sweet baby," went along with a smile big enough to be on Mount Rushmore as he settled back into his chair. 

Josh's cheeks were flushed...far more from the happiness he knew he had just given Kyle, than from being kissed by him in public. 

Kyle nodded at the envelope on the table. "Now yours." The large smile had switched to a grin and he just waited. 

Josh opened it and pulled out an exquisite Hallmark card with a picture of two guys holding hands on a beach, under the star filled sky of a moonless night. The simple, but powerful, words inside said: 'Ten billion twinkles in the heavens, but the biggest sparkle in my life is the earthly angel you are to me.' Before the tear could escape his left eye, Josh noticed the piece of credit card sized plastic affixed to the blank side across from the words. The easily recognized logo and 'THE GAP' was all that was printed on the face of the shiny card. He looked over at Kyle, inquisitively. 

"It's a gift card, baby. Your next day off, you can go on a $250 shopping spree for some new clothes." He paused; thought for a long two or three seconds; and then added, "Get a pair of new swim trunks you will be needing, too." The wink he pinned to the end only created another questioning look from Josh. It was only answered with, "Just trust me!" 

Even though he felt the monetary amount was excessive, Josh also knew that it did no good to protest or chastise him. He had learned Kyle would just keep doing things like this no matter how much he told him he shouldn't. Josh also knew very well, that trying to pry an explanation of what 'will be needing' meant, was also hopeless. The 'trust me' said he would get told in due time. So he contented his feelings and questions by leaning over the table and holding his hands while he duplicated a gentle kiss to Kyle's cheek. "Thank you, babe. You are too much you know." 

Kyle just smiled and squeezed the hands that were holding his. They sat like that and stared at each other until Kyle suggested, "We really do need to go to the beach and walk off some of this pig out," at the same time the waiter dropped the check off at their table. 

Josh didn't know what all this had cost, but he saw Kyle slip at least five $20 bills under the invoice on the small plastic tray. "Yeah, I want to see the moon reflecting on the Gulf tonight for some reason too," was how he agreed to the idea. "Maybe, I can give you my last gift out there." He had been meaning the box with the necklace; but the sudden raised eye brows and big grin on Kyle's face, told him he might be thinking of a different present. Josh only grinned back and thought: 'That's okay with me too.' All the chocolate had been like an aphrodisiac and their mind meld had gone straight to their groins. 

"That's cool with me sexy little man, since I have something else for you, too." Kyle was referring to his last gift for Josh, and back to being serious instead of seductive. 

"I'm ready anytime you are, Tigger." 

Standing up first, Kyle responded as he pointed at the near empty three fondue containers with, "Well let's go, Pooh...before you stick your nose in one of those honey pots again." He took Josh's hand in his and herded him for the front door. They laughed, and talked, and held hands the whole way back to the big truck. 

* * * * *

Twenty or so minutes later, Kyle was pulling off the two lane, black asphalt road that ribboned its way between the dunes at the far east end of Pensacola Beach, and gingerly edging the Hummer onto the well packed, sand shoulder berm. They were at least two miles or more from the main beach and no other cars were parked anywhere within their vision. Even with the unseasonably warm days they had been having recently, the second week of February isn't exactly tourist time in northwest Florida and they had total privacy here. 

They kicked their shoes to the floor boards, and peeled off their socks before crawling out of the truck. The only lights were the slight glow from the main beach, the dimmer one from the city of Gulf Breeze across the wide bay, and a soft one coming from the half full moon hanging high above the water. The millions of glittering stars scattered across the evening sky, were more accent, than light. The sugary white sand tickled their bare toes as they walked up over the large dune and down the other side. They padded through the deep sand with an arm around each other's waist. Josh's free right hand clutched a small thin box. Kyle's left one held tight to a small square one also. They walked a hundred yards up the beach, sat down side by side, and held each other while silently just enjoying being together. The peacefulness of having as far as they could see, all to themselves, was pure bliss. 

Josh was first to breech the hush with, "It's so beautiful." His gaze floated along on the gentle waves that smoothed to glass the further out he looked, and riveted to where the greenish-blue tint of the Gulf faded in with the blackness of the horizon. 

"You really like the water, don't you Josh?" 

"Yeah, I do, Kyle. We used to go fishing on the Chattahoochee River a lot, and I loved just the vibrations of the current, and drifting along, and feeling like all the crap in the world was a million miles away." He snuggled up to Kyle a little more before finishing with, "Being on a boat out in the water, just made it too perfect." 

Kyle hugged him tight. "Really glad you said that, Pooh." Kyle turned Josh's face to him and brushed a quick but loving kiss over his lips. "Here, baby. Happy Valentine's Night," was all he added as he pressed the little box into his hands. 

Josh smiled and gave his over to Kyle also. He grinned and decided to take the lead and open his first...especially since he seriously doubted Kyle would be dropping something like a ring on him without a little more build up or romance involved. He was worrying some about the high school ring he had included with the silver chain for Kyle, but quickly lost that concern when he got the top off the box in his hands. He looked at Kyle in total befuddlement at the same time he pulled the Hot Wheels sized, miniature cruise ship toy from the box. 

"You just said you liked the water and boats." The smirk on his face said he knew Josh was perplexed. "So, did I do good?" 

The blank stare he got back from Josh was the tell. 

"Okay...hint number two: You can get a Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday off at the shop, if you give them four weeks notice can't you?" He sat still grinning, as Josh only shook his head 'yes' at him. 

Seeing that Josh was still puzzled, he next questioned, "Alright...third and last tip: You ever been to Key West?" 

Josh was getting a little frustrated. "Ummm...no, I haven't Kyle. You wanna stop making this like a game show and tell me what my blond roots are missing?" 

Kyle laughed and pulled Josh into his arms. "Baby...lover...my one and only...I'm taking you on a three and a half day cruise to Key West for spring break. Well, so long as being a couple hundred miles out in the Gulf to get there doesn't scare you too much." The size Josh's eyes suddenly grew to, rivaled the plates the restaurant had used for their dinner. 

"NO FUCKIN' WAY, KYLE!" 

The shout was obviously a statement made in pleasure, so Kyle only replied softly, "Way, Josh." 

As the magnitude of the surprise sank in, Josh pinned Kyle to the sand and smothered him in kisses and thank you's. He finally got Josh to let him back up so he could open the present he had left. He noticed Josh chewing on the left side of his upper lip as he slowly removed the lid, but his eyes were quickly totally focused on what he found inside. He tenderly lifted the semi thick, 18" long, sterling silver chain from the bed of white cotton it was resting on, and let the dim moon light make it shimmer as it dangled from his fingers. He cupped the familiar looking ring threaded on it with his other hand, and smiled as he realized exactly what it was...and what it meant. He pulled Josh up along with him as he stood up, and then kissed him deep as they embraced. Josh watched Kyle open the clasp and slide the ring off the necklace before wrapping it around his neck and re-fastening it. 

Before Josh could speak, Kyle was down on one knee in the sand in front of him. He took his own Rochester Central High ring off and held it in his right palm as he pushed the Havana High one of Josh's in its place. He then took Josh's left hand and looked up to his eyes. "I so love you Joshua," came from his lips as Kyle slid his class ring on the third finger of Josh's shaking hand. In the cute way only he could get away with, Kyle's voice and demeanor both suddenly went all pubescent boyish, and he imitated words usually said between high school freshmen when they traded their rings the first time. "This makes us a real couple now; so no more trying to get a date with the head cheerleader...OK?" 
