 The final few days before the cruise was hectic. Too many of the little details that come with even a short, four day trip, had been put off until the last minute. But it all gelled together in time. 

Kyle had been on only two before; once as a high school graduation present that was four days to the Bahamas; and again when his parents had convinced him to join them and his younger sisters on a week-long family voyage to Puerto Rico. That one happened while he was home on summer break almost two years ago, and he thought it had been really planned as kind of a celebration and reward for being accepted to med school. With those trips under his belt, he knew enough of the ins and outs of cruising, to help Josh prepare. It wasn't just the physical clothing picks; the 'yes or no' answers about phones, cameras, MP3's, and lap tops; and getting him to squirrel extra cash away for tips, a little on-board casino action, and the full day they would have in Key West. 

It also included the mental side of things too. Between the vivid visuals he created for Josh of giant water slides and pools and hot tubs; the gastric teasing of endless buffet breakfasts, hundred foot long smorgasbord lunches, the five star quality meals in the formal dining rooms; and the calming of any fear of being the only gay couple on what they both were starting to see as almost a honeymoon cruise; he had Josh more than ready. It sure didn't hurt any either, when they curled up on the white leather couch in the living room the night before they set sail, and watched 'Titanic' again. Even with the devastating scene of Jack slipping under the ice cold waves, the pure love and romance of the film makes it a forever favorite for anyone that has ever experienced both emotions. The passion in their spontaneous lovemaking on the floor in front of the television after the credits rolled, would have made Casanova and Don Juan jealous. 

* * * * * 

Kyle wormed the large truck into a tight stall at the Port of Mobile with just over three hours of boarding time left before the Carnival Elation was due to depart. It was the medium sized boat the world wide cruise line used for its shorter four and five day trips to Mexico, the Keys, and the Caribbean from its home dock in the Gulf Coast city. Even though it was smaller than the much larger Carnival Conquest Kyle's family had taken from New York City to San Juan, the Elation was just as eloquently appointed and full of resort-like amenities as its big sister ship. They had dropped their biggest luggage with one of the curb-side porters at the departure building, before joining hundreds and hundreds of others in the check-in queue line inside. 

They managed to finally snake through the rat maze of large ropes attached to chrome posts, that organized everyone and kept moving the embarking passengers slowly but consistently, in just over an hour. That still gave them enough time once on board, to do a quick exploration before joining in the traditional passenger waving to everyone on the docks when the ship would pull away at 1PM. 

They started with finding their cabin; dragging their already delivered suitcases inside; and taking the time to push the separate twin beds together to create one large one instead. Josh was really fascinated by the giant swans fashioned from white bath towels, that were sitting on each one when they walked into the compact room. Overall, it wasn't too much bigger than the huge bathrooms found in a high dollar per night, Hilton or Sheraton suite. Even so, it was fully appointed with plenty of closet and drawer space; a full bath that was just a hair bigger than being able to shit, shower, and shave all at the same time; and a wall unit that served as a small desk, shelf for the 27" television, and a place for the mini fridge to hide. "It's not like we will be in here very much of the time, anyway," was how Kyle answered the still questioning look at the tight space, when Josh's one upturned brow caught his eye. He finally grabbed Josh's hand and pulled him back into the hallway with, "Come on baby, I want to show you the top decks." 

They wandered for more than hour looking over Mobile Bay; checking out the center ship recreation area with the large pool, water slide, and the small stage and coliseum style seating that was next to it; found the casino and one of the night clubs on the way to the smaller pool and large hot tub at the rear of the same deck. Inside the ship, they peeked into one of the luxurious dining rooms, and stared down to the stage of the cavernous indoor amphitheater from the nearly three stories up entrance to the nose bleed seats. Josh had let out 'Wow!' and 'How cool!' so many times during their quick self tour, that Kyle gave up counting the expressions after the fourth or fifth one. All he needed to know was, that his lover was impressed and happy and ready for their mini-vacation to begin. 

* * * * *

By the time the sun was lowering itself into the Gulf waters on the western horizon, they had already enjoyed a superb dinner of thick and juicy prime rib, with chocolate laced, cherry cheese cake for dessert. No matter how many times Kyle reassured him, Josh remained in half-disbelief that all the food on board was 100% free. They left the eloquent restaurant and were soon busy losing a few dollars in adjoining slot machines in the casino. As the big ship continued to languidly wander its way easterly towards Key West in the growing darkness; Josh stopped feeding the one-armed bandit he was seated in front of, looked over at Kyle, and suggested they take a casual lap around the top deck and maybe check out the disco he had caught sight of earlier. 

Once on deck, they drank in the emotions the moon created as they held hands while they walked and talked. Josh melted when Kyle moved in to kiss him softly on his right cheek and stroke his blond hair while they leaned over the rear railing watching the dark waters far below churn behind the boat as it moved along. Their show of love was every bit as natural as the young straight couple doing the same thing a few yards away, and all four smiled at each other in acceptance. 

* * * * *

It was just before midnight when they exited the still half packed lounge two decks down inside the ship. They had proudly taken to the dance floor together a couple of times without even a single strange glance from anyone. They felt so totally special when the DJ asked the straight people in the crowd to empty the flashing, multi-colored, lighted floor for one song he dedicated each night for just the cruise's gay guests to slow dance to. Josh and Kyle were quickly joined center stage, by another attractive young male couple, a set of thirty-somethings, an older pair of distinguished looking gentlemen, and three lesbian couples. Most of the throng of people quietly applauded from the sidelines while the seven twosomes held each other and slowly swayed to the Bee Gee's classic disco ballad: 'How Deep Is Your Love.' Many more than just the fourteen of them on the dance floor were kissing in the big room as the song ended. 

They both were completely starry-eyed and playfully pawing each other by the time they got back to their small cabin. The intense foreplay and lovemaking that first night, lasted for better than an hour. When their physical lust took over their passion, Kyle's cock was deep inside his blond man and Josh's tool simultaneously went between the lips of his dark haired lover. Kyle had managed to double over and have his mouth on the tip of Josh's cock during the last half dozen hard thrusts of his hips and caused massive mutual explosions. The gentle rolling of the large ship moving through the waves as they kissed and cuddled quietly afterwards only heightened the peacefulness they felt and lulled them slumber easily. 

* * * * * 

Kyle decided to once again utilize his patented 'The Best Alarm Clock Ever' and woke up his lover with his lips and tongue the next morning. By the time his expert oral skills to his boyfriend's silky pole while his hand simultaneously romanced his juice makers had gotten Josh's brain to stop fighting the desire to stay asleep a while longer, both of them were totally worked up. Josh's eye lids fluttered one last time and then opened. He grinned; mumbled a quick, "Mornin' babe;" twisted the fingers of one hand into Kyle's thick mane; and used the other to entice his hips to swing around so he could make his own wake up call too. Their mutual fellatio was quicker than normal...but as always...left them both smiling and satisfied. When Josh's ear heard the rumble inside Kyle's tummy as his head rested on it afterwards, he joked at him with, "Guess that only took care of one appetite for you." 

"Well baby...you know I do love more than one kind of breakfast meat." He squeezed Josh's soft cock and added, "Before this Vienna sausage turns back into a big, fat bratwurst again, let's get up and see what all is on the breakfast buffet. I am kinda hungry." 

Josh smiled back at him and just said, "Me too." After quick showers and a few minutes of picking out the first clothing choices of the day, they were soon riding one of the elevators up three decks to the one that had the biggest restaurant...and therefore, the largest, first meal of the day, smorgasbords. By the time they had gotten to the end of one of the two, fifty foot long, cafeteria style buffets, they were both juggling multiple and already full plates. Josh balanced his two overloaded ones and stood patiently beside Kyle. He was waiting for the egg chef to add one with the custom-made Denver omelette he was finishing up for Kyle to the other two well heaped dishes in his hands. Better than a half hour later, Josh was only halfway done with emptying the second one of his. He looked across the six top table they were sharing with four other passengers and said, "Now I know why you pushed to wear our board shorts. We are so gonna need to walk and swim a bunch to work off this damn meal." 

Kyle laughed and replied, "Funny, baby. I was just thinking the same thing to myself. But I bet that it would take more like a couple dozen laps jog around the top deck; fifteen or twenty times of climbing up the hundred steps to the top of the water slide so we can take a ten second ride down it; and an hour over in the work out room too." He paused and tacked on: "Course...by the time we would be done with all that, they would have the even bigger lunch, spread out and ready for us." 

Josh chuckled and rolled his eyes at the idea of that much effort and exercise and went back to eating. By the time they were picking at the last morsels, Josh leaned over some and whispered to Kyle as he used a fork to move the last link sausage on his plate. He suggestively bumped it tight up against the little pile of hash brown scraps he had formed to look mysteriously like butt cheeks. "Maybe instead of all that exercising...we should just go back to the cabin and play 'hide the salami' until lunch, babe?" 

Even though he was certain he had only grinned back just as lecherously as Josh did at him; Kyle would have killed for a picture of the looks on both their faces from that line. He had no clue how close to reality that idea would hit though, until they had completed three speed walks around the top deck, three laps of the pool, and then decided to try out the giant water slide. Three was the magic number that day, since it was on the third time in line for the skyscraper-like, pool toy; when they decided to do a tandem run. Kyle had his arms and long legs wrapped tight around his lover and his package jammed to his ass as they rode the shallow currents in the fiberglass half pipe on the numerous twists and turns of its length. But it was probably the way he had lowered his hands and grabbed Josh's box when they took the initial first plunge over the almost vertical five foot drop from it's more than thirty foot height, that got both their cocks started. The groping he kept up; and Josh grinding his ass back in return during the rapid wet ride; had them both fully erect when they splashed into the large pool at the end. It only took a few, quick playful hugs, and some bulge grabs under the water to silently state what they both wanted. The boys were quickly crawling out of the pool, weaving their fingers together, and running for the elevator to get them back to the deck their cabin was on. Their swim suits were off almost before the door shut.

Kyle was holding Josh in his arms during afterglow a half hour later and thought to himself: 'Damn good thing we are as young as we are, 'cause this freakin' trip is turning us into a pair of insatiable, walking, talking, erections!' 

* * * * * 

Instead of giving in to the temptation of porking out far too much again at the mid-day buffet spread, the guys settled for a much lighter lunch at one of the soup and sandwich snack bars before heading up two decks and for the back of the ship. They could have eaten up there since both the never-closed pizza and salad counter was an option, and so was the burgers, dogs, rings, and fries stand that was open from 11AM til 8PM each day. They had decided to spend the rest of Friday afternoon, split between the vinyl-webbed, chaise lounges surrounding the smaller pool at the rear of the top deck, and in the large, elevated hot tub beside it. Kyle was half reading a new vampire themed paperback he had found in one of the ships stores, when he wasn't talking with Josh or just letting the sun bronze him. 

'It just isn't fair,' Josh said to himself when he looked at his lover's already naturally darker, defined pecs and abs. Josh was shirtless also, trying to get at least a tint of light beige to the pasty white his torso turned into over the winter months. 'He has skin that would tan in moonlight, and I have to use SPF-100+ just to keep from looking like a boiled lobster after thirty minutes,' was the thought he had just finished when Kyle spoke. 

"What are you writing in that damn notebook, baby? Don't tell me you have a term paper due next week and just getting started on it." 

Josh laughed and shook his head. "Nah babe. It is something my creative writing class got me to start though...by accident." 

Kyle only shot him a quick, "'Huh?" and then, "Be 'splainin yourself, Lucy," bad Ricky Ricardo impression. 

Josh chuckled; shook his head like Lucille Ball would have playing the ditzy, carrot-topped wife so well; and then 'splained' with: "It's silly Kyle...but I am trying to start writing a book. Just making a bunch of notes so far." He paused a moment until Kyle gave him the 'Yes...go on...' look. "My professor said I had real talent and said I should make a serious stab at it after he read my ten page novelette assignment." He shrugged his shoulders, and finished up with, "Can't be delivering pizzas when I'm forty, and not sure I want to be managing an office, or a Walmart, or even CEO of Exxon either. Plus, it sounds like a lot more fun to maybe be giving Stephen King or James Patterson some competition on the best seller list." 

"The little bit of stuff of yours I've read that you did for school, was damn good baby." Kyle accented the critique with a smile and three or four head nods. He wrapped an arm around Josh and suggested, "You could always crank out gay Harlequin's, or write scripts for porn movies so they have actual plot lines and some decent dialog...and be able to stay home and take care of our babies at the same time too." The little exchange had Kyle's mind making plans, but not the ones Josh began thinking. Sometimes their mind meld thing went totally different directions. 

The big wink after Kyle's last comment made him laugh; but he was suddenly all warm inside, and not from the rays of the sun. 'He just keeps slipping little things like that in on me. Wish I could believe he really is thinking that far down the road about us,' was in his mind when a new deep voice interrupted it. 

"You are the two young hotties that ripped up the floor to 'Staying Alive' last night, aren't you?" 

Both Josh and Kyle looked up to see the pair of older gentlemen that had been a part of the gay-couples-only, dance dedication at the disco bar. Josh was nodding his head at the same time Kyle extended his hand to the closest one to him. He beamed when he heard, "Don't know about the 'hotties' part, but yes, that was us. I'm Kyle..." stopping only long enough to point at him before immediately adding, "...and this is my someday-to-be-hubby, Josh." The older guys sat down side-by-side on the next long deck chair, and all four were chatting it up quickly enough, that the thoughts Kyle's statement had created, were quickly filed away in Josh's memory banks. 

The longer they all talked, it became apparent it had to have been fate in so many ways that the two couples had met. The fact they all lived in Pensacola was just the beginning. 

Josh and Kyle were not only young, but also in the infancy of a relationship; where Ron and Frank were both in their late sixties and had been together over forty years. 

Kyle and Josh both had deep spiritual sides to them; but often were at odds with it because of Kyle's Catholic training, and Josh's similarly repressive Southern Baptist upbringing. Ron and Frank were totally at peace with God, and both attended church virtually every Sunday since Frank sang in the choir, and Ron was treasurer of the MCC they belonged to. 

Josh and Kyle were working towards having careers. Their new friends' careers were behind them and enjoying the golden years. Frank had become a stay-at-home husband...managing their small collection of real estate rentals and other investments...while Ron had a highly successful three decade long business career that included executive positions and a final ten year stint as office manager for a small group of doctors. 

They also regaled; and educated at the same time; the boys with the stories of the old days and things they had seen change over the years. Those ran the gamut of being dishonorably discharged from the Navy at 22 and 24 when their off-duty relationship was discovered during a witch hunt; how the Stonewall riots actually made the first real dent in the concrete bunker, gays had to hide in; and how vastly different way things were already changed by the end of the twentieth century only a single generation or so later. They proudly showed off the matching gold bands they had slipped on each other's ring fingers when they made their long commitment as legal as they could, when they married in Massachusetts for their fortieth anniversary. 

By the time Josh and Kyle had also traded a few of their own stories and backgrounds and planned career paths, they needed to split up to go get ready for dinner. 

Kyle had grimaced a little when Ron suggested maybe getting together again later at the 'Friends of Dorothy' meeting at the quiet wine bar down the hallway from the disco at 10PM. It hadn't been caused by a lack of desire to deepen the new friendship; but rather because he had wanted to surprise Josh that night by taking him to the casual get-together of gay passengers that happened nightly. He knew Josh had seen the meeting listed in the daily events flyer the cruise line provided; but had no clue what it meant, nor asked him about it. After giving him a Reader's Digest style, condensed explanation, when he did ask as Ron and Frank walked away, Josh smiled and agreed with: 'Sounds like fun.' 

* * * * * 

Dinner on Friday evening had been previously announced as semi-formal for the dining rooms. The wide variety of clothing of the cruise guests included everything from soccer moms in their 'Sunday best' outfits, and their husbands in slacks, sports coats, and dress shirts with simple ties like the boys had on when they walked into the expansive restaurant; to couples in full tuxedos and Hollywood-premiere-style evening gowns. They waved when they saw Ron and Frank sitting at a water view window table in matching black penguin suits and highlighted with dark pink ruffled shirts and bright red bow ties. The lipstick lesbian couple that had come to the dance floor with them last night and were sharing the table with now, looked stunning in their same basic color of green, but different shades and styles, cocktail dresses. Kyle made Josh chuckle as he whispered, "Bet they get hit on all the time by clueless straight guys." 
