 A most wonderful Thanksgiving & busy days before Christmas

Josh and Kyle had been on the road for almost three hours. The sun was behind them as the exit sign for Havana came into view. Kyle looked over at Josh and noticed that his fidgeting in the passenger seat had increased substantially the last few minutes. He grinned as he asked, "You need to pee or are you just all nervous for some reason?"

"Both actually," was the reply that came with a slight smirk but also with uncertainty showing in Josh's eyes.

"Well you are the one that just had to have a thirty-two ounce Slushie when we gassed up at Circle K," Kyle teased back as he reached over and tickled Josh's ribs. "Just don't think about running water or the words: Drip. Drip. Drip. Dribble." 

"Stop it Kyle! I'm having enough trouble trying to hold it as it is!" Even though he smacked his husband's hand away, Josh was laughing. "I'll be okay until we get to the farm."

Kyle reached for Josh's hand and took it in his. "I think the bigger question is whether you are going to be okay after we get there. You have been squirming like a hooker in the front pew at church for the last fifty miles."

"Well dammit, Kyle. This is the first time back home since Mom was so ugly to you back in May."

"Uh huh. That was also six long months ago. And who was it that specifically invited us...both of us...to come for Thanksgiving dinner?" 

"Mom," was the one word conceding answer.

Kyle squeezed Josh's hand as he went on. "Think about all the phone conversations you have had with her since we got married. Think of the ones she has had with me." He paused and choked up a little as he added, "Think of the words on the card with the flowers they sent to the funeral home. She has accepted things. Everything is going to be fine, Pooh."

Josh cautiously smiled back. "I know, Tigger. It's just..."

"It's just that you are a worry wart," Kyle cut him off with. "You need to walk into that house the same way I intend to...happy to be there and knowing that she already said she loves us both many times over. Let the past stay in the past, baby." 

Josh leaned across to plant a kiss on Kyle's cheek at the same time the Hummer lumbered onto the exit ramp. "You're my rock. You know that don't you?"

As the big truck rapidly decelerated, Kyle managed a peck of Josh's lips. "Yeah, but if you don't get your hand off my thigh, I'm going to be walking in the house showing off 'a rock' of a different kind, sweetie. And I sure don't want to be hugging your mom with a hard-on."

Josh laughed and then looked at the prominent bulge showing in Kyle's jeans. An evil expression appeared on his face as he grabbed the lump. "If you drive slow and careful, maybe I could take care of that problem before we get there."

Before Kyle had the Hummer to the stop sign at the end of the exit ramp, his zipper had been yanked down and Josh's hand was fumbling inside them for the fly opening in his boxer briefs. "Josh! Is this a good idea this close to the farm?" The words had barely escaped from his lips before his now fully engorged cock was pulled out.

"Just drive like a little old lady, babe. I've never done you like this and I'm sure not stopping now." Josh finalized his intentions by freeing his own boner and started taking slow strokes on it as he lowered his head to Kyle's lap. 

Kyle sat at the stop sign for a moment as Josh worked his tool with his lips and tongue. "You are so crazy, but I love you for it," was the statement as he finally flipped the turn signal and pulled out onto the, thankfully empty, state road. Meandering along at about thirty miles per hour, he added, "I'm just glad this beast has power steering," as his left hand gripped the wheel and his right one took charge of stroking Josh. 

"Mmmm," and happy hip thrusts came from Josh. His mouth began working faster as did Kyle's hand.

Kyle could feel the intense pulsing of Josh's manhood in his palm. His own tool was just as excited from the moist mouthing it was getting. After a deep moan, he wrapped his hand even tighter and tugged even faster. "I don't remember driver's ed class ever being like this, baby," he mumbled.

Josh let loose with a stifled snicker, refusing to let Kyle's rod free. The full swallows he began taking were getting the desired effect if the constantly intensifying fondling of his own cock were any kind of measure. When the tingling began in his toes, he popped off Kyle's bone just long enough to spit out, "Gonna cum," before plunging his face back down on it.

Kyle knew how close he was also and jerked the steering wheel to the right while standing on the brakes. Once on the road berm, he used his now free left hand to push on Josh's head and his right turned to a blur as he sought to bring them both to a mutual explosion.

Josh humped his hips into Kyle's hand one last time and felt the splashes of hot man juice against his tonsils at the same time his own splattered the dashboard, floor, and drenched the fingers that kept working him. Once he had finished cleaning up Kyle's mess with his tongue, he rolled to his back and grinned. "All better now, aren't ya?" he suggested.

Kyle grinned back. "Will be in a minute." With that, he first sucked his own fingers clean and then leaned over and used his tongue to dab away the dribbles of white from Josh's mushroom and shaft. Sitting back up, he pulled Josh up to his face. "I love you, Pooh," was all he said before pasting their lips together and sharing the result of their coupling that was still on their tongues. When they broke the embrace and began stuffing everything back away in their pants, Kyle jokingly ordered, "Since you started that, you get to take care of the mess on the dash and floor. There are napkins and a rag and a bottle of 'Armor All' in the glove compartment."

Josh laughed and gave Kyle an exaggerated salute along with, "Yes, sir! Swab the decks, sir! Right away, sir!" When he quickly finished, he inquired, "Mop up duty done. Anything else, sir?" 

"Umm...yeah. Get me a Reese Cup from the stash and you should probably eat one too, baby."

Josh shot Kyle a 'Huh? What for?' look as he dug in the munchies bag they had brought along on the trip. "You want to get all horny again right away?" he finally asked as they unwrapped the candy.

"No, but I think chocolate and peanut butter on our breath, instead of fresh cum, when we kiss your mom might be best." A quick wink came along with, "Know what I mean, Vern?"

Josh pinched his lips together to hold back a snort and nodded rapidly in understanding agreement. "Yeah, Mom may be getting cool with the idea of us being together, but no reason to give her any visuals to think about." 

Ten minutes later, the boys were happy they had eaten two Reese Cups each since Mom Thomas had them both pressed tightly to her face and enveloped in a joint hug that seemed as if it would never end. 

* * * * *

Any apprehensions either had about this visit were long gone as the boys climbed the stairs later that night. Josh's mom had been slightly tentative at first with Kyle, but by the time the two of them were busy together in the kitchen making pies for the next day's meal, they had completely bonded. Kyle smiled as he remembered how the two of them were sitting at the table sharing coffee while the homemade pies baked when Mrs. Thomas had confessed, "I accept you and Josh, Kyle. It's just..."

Kyle let loose of his coffee cup and reached out for her hand. Taking it in his, he softly finished the sentence for her. "...that you don't understand it all, right?" 

She nodded her head with a hint of embarrassment on her face. "I don't, Kyle. I've tried so hard but I just don't."

He gently squeezed her hand and said, "We don't either. It's just the way we are. It's how we came from the factory. Understanding the 'why' or 'how' is far less important than accepting fate brought him and I together." He paused long enough for another swallow of coffee and then went on. "He and I both believe in our hearts that God put us together. And if you have any question of how real it is, perhaps saying it this way will help you understand. I love him almost as much as you do." The twinkle that appeared in her eyes along with the smiling nod of her head said his words had hit home and helped clear her confusion. 

Josh's words suddenly derailed Kyle's further memory of the special moment as he opened the door to the bedroom. "I still don't believe she gave us the guest bedroom." 

Kyle held back a snort as he jokingly said, "What you don't believe is how it got said: 'Take the guest room. The one with a queen sized bed. That way you won't be all cramped up together in a single bed this time.' She knew we would be if we slept in your old room." 

Josh rolled his eyes and added, "Yeah and then Dad cracking off with: 'Maybe they like being all cramped up together' was too much. Talk about embarrassing."

Kyle encircled Josh's waist with his arm, pulling him tight to his side. "Aw...my little sex maniac can actually get embarrassed, can he?"

"It was my parents, Kyle. Both of them! Sheesh! I felt like we were both suddenly naked when they said that stuff." 

"You are looking at it all wrong, baby. When they start saying things that even come close to admitting they know you are having sex, then they have hit the complete acceptance stage. You are no longer 'their baby' and I am not 'just your roommate' any longer." Kyle grinned and busied his hand undoing Josh's belt buckle. "And speaking of being naked..." 

"Babe, they are just down the hall you know." The words from Josh were nearly meaningless since he had started stripping his husband also.

As Kyle pushed down Josh's pants, he purred in his ear. "So make love to me quietly, baby." Between those words, the grin on his face, and the way Josh's erection was suddenly being caressed, any question of who would be on top tonight was already decided. 

* * * * *

By the time the boys had gotten downstairs for breakfast, the house was already abuzz. Grandma Thomas and Josh's Mom were already busy putting together everything they needed to whip up what appeared to be an unending collection of side dish additions for the planned early afternoon feast. Every inch of counter space was in use with boxes and cans, spice bottles and other ingredients, and enough various utensils and serving dishes to start a restaurant. The smells of turkey and ham both cooking were blending and wafting through the entire first floor of the old farm house. 

Before Josh had nudged Kyle all the way to the coffee pot, his brother Luke and his fiance came through the back door with full arms. "We are in for the ultimate treat, guys," he declared as he sat down a grocery bag full of items. "Susie finally got her grandmother to give her the full recipe for her famous German custard pie...even the secret ingredient she has never told to anyone else."

The instant round of 'Oohs' and 'Ahhs' from everyone left a look of confusion on Kyle's face. Josh quietly explained it to Kyle with, "Her grandmother's custard pie is the most delicious thing you will ever put in your mouth...well food wise anyway. It has won the county fair contest so many years, they almost had to ban her from entering so someone else could even have a chance at the blue ribbon. She bakes a half dozen of them for every church pot luck and you can't find a single crumb in those dishes afterward. The manager of the local Publix bakery department even offered to buy the recipe from her."

"So what makes it so special?" was Kyle's inserted question.

"That's why everyone is so impressed she gave Susie the full recipe. Supposedly it has been handed down through their family for more than a hundred and forty years and came through Ellis Island with Susie's great-great-great-great grandmother. The family tradition is that the entire recipe with the secret ingredient must skip a generation each time and can only be passed on from a grandmother to a trusted grandchild. If the legend is true, Susie just became only the third person in more than a century to know what that mysterious and so important addition to the mix actually is."  

"Wow! That is so cool, Josh. Kind of like my grandmother's lasagna recipe from the old country. But without the super secrecy involved since she hands it out to just about anyone in the family that asks. Although she never lets anyone outside the family find out the reason her lasagna is so good is because she mixes an entire can of grated Parmesan in with the Ricotta and lets the ground beef marinate for an entire day in red wine." 

Josh snickered and then offered, "Grams thinks that's the big deal behind the custard pie: a healthy sized cup of high-test rum in each pie!" 

"Hey! You two big city late-risers plan on just taking up valuable floor space or can we get some extra hands when you are done sucking down the free coffee?" The exaggerated look on Grandma Thomas' face was hilarious as she further issued her sarcastic chastisement. "Just because you conned my precious little Pooh into marrying you doesn't mean you get cut any slack in the kitchen on turkey day. You're a spouse in this family now and the rule is: One or both of you help, or neither of you eat!" 

Kyle nearly choked attempting to hold back the belly laugh her words spawned. Josh elbowed him in the side and whispered, "Congrats. That says Grams just blessed our marriage. Us farm people aint too formal when it's just family, ya know." 

That extra tidbit did nothing to help hold back the laugh working it's way across Kyle's tongue. He snorted as politely as he could while shaking his head. He then stepped forward, gave Grams a sincere hug, and said, "I think I'm really gonna like you, 'cause I already love you, Grams." He punctuated the comment with a peck on her cheek and one of his patented wide smiles. He got an even bigger one back in return. Turning to Josh, he suggested, "Why don't you and Luke join your Dad and Grandfather out on the deck and I'll get broken in here on how to properly do the son-in-law duties?" 

"You sure? I'll stay and help too if you want."

"No, it's fine, baby. You go play catch up with all the guys and I'll see if I can hold my own while bonding with these wonderful ladies. And you know I enjoy playing in the kitchen anyway. This will be like southern cooking grad school for me." The clandestine and knowing wink he used at the end told Josh, 'Trust me.'

Josh looked around the spacious kitchen and warned, "Just be gentle with him. I've kinda gotten used to having him around and don't want him too scared to ever come back here again." 

Grams took charge again and simply ordered, "Both of you. Git! Susie and Kyle are your contributions to the labor pool. We've got work to do and sure don't need both of you walking stomachs nibbling at everything while we get it ready." Laughter from everyone followed as Luke and Josh shrugged their shoulders and headed out the back door.

Grandpa Thomas and his son were deep in a farming conversation, so Josh and Luke gravitated to the far side of the large deck for their own discussion while waiting for Mark and his wife and toddler to arrive. After some generic catch up talk and telling Josh about the preliminary wedding plans he and Susie had made, Luke blurted out, "I really can't believe my little brother got married before I did. You aren't pregnant or anything are you, Josh?"

"No, but we sure keep trying." The answer came with twinkling eyes and an evil grin.

The pause was only momentary before Luke asked, "Does that mean...err, I mean, are you? Well, umm...what do they call it? Err, umm...pitcher and catcher? Umm...I'm trying to figure out which way you go. Damn! I guess what I mean, is: 'Are you the wife?" Suddenly turning fifty shades of red, he hastily added, "Shit! I probably really shouldn't have asked any of that. I'm sorry, Josh."

It was Josh's turn to fight to hold back the guffaw. He had never seen Luke so flabbergasted before and once the words were out of his mouth, there was no recalls or do-overs. The fact his big brother had stumbled so much trying to ask the question...and now was completely embarrassed for finally managing to do so...was far more funny than it being any kind of invasion of privacy. Straight guys are such entertaining creatures when they try to talk about gay sex. It most likely didn't help any either that Luke was the one that taught him about beating off, and had that long-ago scene in the barn playing in his mind as he bumbled, mumbled, and stumbled with his inquiry. 'Don't laugh, Josh! Don't laugh! It is funny as hell, but DO NOT LAUGH!' was being shouted in his ear by his conscience. Josh bit down on his lip as Luke spoke again. 

"I mean that, Josh. I'm really, really sorry. Just pretend I didn't eat my whole fucking foot there and never asked you that. I feel like such a country bumpkin, but you and Kyle are the only gay guys I've ever met, and there is so much I don't know or understand."

Finally gaining control of the desire to burst into full-blown laughter, Josh wrapped his arm around his brother and said, "It's okay, Luke. I know this is all new to you and that you have a lot more questions than that one. Let's just set the boundaries this way so you feel comfortable: I will answer any question you come up with; you just be sure you are prepared to hear the answer before you ask it. And so you know I am serious about that, the answer to question number one is: It depends on who is in the mood to 'pitch or catch' and neither of us is 'the wife' in our relationship." 

He hesitated and then added, "Just make sure you don't ask things that will require more details than either of us will be comfortable with, okay bro? That and don't ever ask if I will teach Susie how to give head the right way." A smile, chuckle, and fist pop to the shoulder let Luke know things were cool between them and ask whatever he desired. By the time Mark arrived and joined them on the deck a half hour later, Josh had taken Luke through the 'Gay Brother 101' course with no problems.

* * * * *

Back in the kitchen, Kyle was working the small group of women like a professional stand up comic works the Tonight Show crowd during his national television debut. He turned on every bit of his charm and used his gleaming smile and gold-flecked eyes so well, that at one point he overheard Luke's fiance say to Mark's wife, "Tall. Gorgeous. Hell of a body. Fantastic personality. Intelligent. Loves to help in the kitchen. And going to be a doctor! How did Josh end up the lucky one in the husband lottery instead of one of us?" 

"Maybe because we didn't have a chance since we don't have the right equipment and Josh does?" was the facetious reply he also heard. 

He also listened attentively as Grams and Mrs. Thomas gave him instructions in how to prepare Southern food. Even though he was fairly talented in the kitchen, he let that expertise stay mostly hidden and instead gave himself over to the hands of two master potters who threw spicy mashed potatoes and homemade-from-scratch biscuits and stuffing instead of wet clay. By the time the final dishes were cooking, he had managed to enamor himself, without really having to try, to the most important women in his husband's life. Since the hardest work of the day was done, he dutifully filled celebratory glasses of wine for all of them. While taking the first sips of his, he thought to himself, 'I can't wait for my Mom and sisters and grandparents to meet this wonderful family. Josh and I may have been a match made in heaven, but our two families was God's wedding present to us as far as I'm concerned.'

* * * * *

The conversation during the Thanksgiving meal ranged from discussion about a boll weevil outbreak just north of the Florida border that was worrying the local farmers, to Mark's wife announcing that she was pregnant again...and pretty much everything in between, including all the details about the unusual wedding ceremony Josh and Kyle had at Niagara Falls. The guys surprised everyone by handing out copies of the video that had been done. "It's not the same as actually being there, but at least you can be there in spirit with us as you watch it," Kyle proffered. 
