 Josh moves in and then takes Kyle home to meet his parents

Moving in with your lover might seem a simple thing to accomplish, especially when you are a second semester, college freshman. After all, how many boxes does it take to move out of a cramped dorm room you have shared for a chunk of seven months? You can only accumulate so much 'stuff' that's actually worth keeping that quickly. But this move for Josh was far more than just packing up clothes and CDs and books, and sorting through those goofy things like the 'have-to-keep' first Miller Lite bottle, concert ticket stubs, and other junk that had accumulated in the study desk drawers. Even filing that 'change of address' card Kyle had given him on the cruise was just a blip on the radar screen in the overall scheme of making a life change like this.

The first big thing was telling Ryan they wouldn't be roomies any longer. He surprised Josh by acting like he would truly miss him, and then again when telling him they still had to stay in touch a few sentences later. Josh was really impressed when he gave him a huge bear hug and offered sincere best wishes to him and Kyle, when Josh picked up the last few stray items from the room. Ryan was still as straight as an interstate highway running through the desert, but he had gotten very gay friendly the final month they shared the room. Josh rewarded his growth by gifting Ryan the dusty pot bong he hadn't used in months. They traded smiles and one more jock-style, intense buddy hug before Josh headed out the door for what would be the final time.

Lots of other little stuff was mildly aggravating but necessary, including switching records at the university and making sure the pizza shop knew where he would be living. But the first really big one that was difficult to deal with, came when he made the call home to the farm in Havana.

"Mom?" Josh knew it was her, but he still asked when she answered the phone.

"Ummm...just wanted to say 'Hi' and...ummm...give you the...ummm...new address and another phone number." The tentativeness in his voice was unusual to his mother's ear and he knew it. "Yeah, that's not the guy from the pizza shop though." Another long pause happened. "It's my friend Kyle. The one that loaned me his big truck to come home at Christmas." 

Thankfully, the rest of the call he had been almost reluctant to make, was a short one and without the probing questions he had feared having his Mom bring up. It helped when he promised to come over and spend a couple days as soon as he could after finals. He was smiling...very hopefully...when his Mom ended the call with, "And bring your friend along too, if he wants some good southern home cooking instead of all that pizza and fast food garbage you guys probably try to live on." Josh laughed really hard at that one since he had never even told his family the first thing about going on the cruise and all the great food he and Kyle had on it. Plus, with Kyle being a pretty decent amateur chef, they ate far better than his Mom was assuming. But Josh would never tell her that Kyle's fried chicken rivaled hers; nor ever let on to his dear grandmother that his homemade lasagna was lots better than hers. 

"He would probably really like that, Mom. And I know how you and grams love to teach those damn Yankees what southern cookin' is really all about too." In the back of his mind, Josh was thinking more along the lines of: 'And that your sweet southern hospitality will be extended to my lover when I tell all of you that he is far more than just my friend.' He had already decided that he could no longer keep his closet door shut with his family and was committed to telling them everything the very next trip home. Now that trip was set!

* * * * *

The guys had also kept their promise to their new cruise friends, Frank and Ron, and went to church with them a few times over the month before the trip home. Both Josh and Kyle felt very renewed at the spirit-filled services and began to plan for them each Sunday as part of their weekly schedule. It was really nice to hear good things from a pulpit for a change, instead of thinly veiled gay bashing mixed amongst other judgementalism, like so many pastors practiced. What they both felt at this church was far different from what each had grown up with. Unconditional love wasn't just talked about there. It was practiced!

They both signed up for the 'What the Bible really DOES say' class that would be offered in mid-summer. Josh had read all of the many pamphlets found in the church social hall, and one book Frank loaned him already. The book...'The Lord is My Sheppard and He Knows I am Gay'...not only gave the boys a history of the MCC denomination, but also a good synopsis of the so-called 'gotchya verses' found in the scriptures. He was certain he could at least handle any 'But what about Sodom and Gomorrah?' comments that may come from his ultra conservative, Southern Baptist, parents. He also knew he and Kyle were starting on more than one type of journey than just living together when they both broke into tears during communion the first time they took it together at the church...on their knees, and arm-in-arm, holding hands. The mysterious mind meld had become so much clearer as they both came to realize it was their souls speaking to each other.

* * * * * 

Kyle did everything he could to help Josh make the transition from occasional over night guest, to full-time room and bed mate an easy one. 

Their sex and lovemaking was only a little less frequent, but still always as intense, normally. Sometimes it was quicker and less spontaneous; and other times it was still marathon sessions that came with little surprises and new techniques slipped in by one or the other. That was one of the things that kept the physical passion fired between them...constantly discovering things that made each other moan in ecstasy. Josh had already drifted back to a preference for Kyle being on top, but he also knew that his lover would never refuse him when he was in the mood to slap shot the puck into Kyle's net. 

After the first ten or twelve days of both doing some minor tiptoeing around each other, they settled in to the married-but-still-honeymooning stage. Being so cautious and actually thinking before speaking was somewhat of a small change for both, but it came with suddenly calling the water front house, 'home' by both of them too. It wasn't 'check out time is 11:00' any longer...this WAS their home. By the end of two weeks of Kyle referring to it as 'their house' and 'their home' constantly, Josh was also.  

Kyle decided it wasn't worth mentioning that he really preferred that Josh would hang up the used wash cloth on the rung in the shower, instead of draped over the edge of the step-in tub base. Way too petty of a thing. At least this soon.

Similarly, Josh never brought up that he felt Kyle's anal retentive side about the kitchen and dusting did seem to get a little overboard at times...especially when he would want to run the vacuum every morning before heading for classes. 

They shared razors, deodorant, toothpaste and shampoo without care. Kyle had already long ago stopped worrying about occasionally finding his green toothbrush wet, after Josh successfully quit smoking over Christmas. He would just snag Josh's dry, red one those mornings. About the only real 'rules' Kyle made regarding the bathroom was that it stayed clean and that his manscaping electric trimmer was off limits. Josh had only shrugged at that one since he never understood the whole idea of shaping and styling something that; when natural, wild, and thick like Kyle's pubic area would get; usually turned him on more. Kyle laughed when he remembered one comment from Josh of: 'It's your man bush, babe...not the gardens at the Palace of Versailles!'

Kyle simply grinned and rolled his eyes when Josh's closet nudist side appeared more and more and he ran around their home sans anything but maybe white socks. He was pretty sure that Josh rolled his at him, when he would fuss a little about his shirts not being in color order in the giant walk-in closet after Josh had put away their laundry. And Kyle might be a prick with the rest of the world about the Hummer, but he barely raised an eye brow when Josh would occasionally use his own key and take it to the convenience store for something they needed. 

What did take some getting used to for both of them was the unsettling silence that would occasionally happen. It wasn't like it had been before when Josh was just spending a night or two or three staying over, and they were all about each other every minute their eyes were open. It wasn't that they drifted from each other or their innermost feelings were changing. It was just that Josh would actually find something else to do during a hockey game Kyle was totally into...or Kyle would chose to call his parents and talk, instead of playing another game on the Wii with Josh. Nah...that was only being comfortable and secure enough with the relationship, that they knew their egos didn't have to be constantly fed with Ivory soap 99.44% attention from the other. It was just...just...just DIFFERENT...and had to be subconsciously accepted. 

About the only real things that were a problem; if it could be called that; was one from each.

Kyle did get a little bitchy about the lackadaisical way Josh just dropped his clothes around in the bedroom and master bath. Even though Josh promised to work on that, and did follow through to an extent; Kyle never did get around to telling him, that continuing to find his toes in a pair of dirty tighty whities wasn't the way he liked to do a midnight pee run, though. Every time it still happened, Kyle simply thought to himself: 'One of these days! POW! Straight to the moon, Alice!' and then snickered to himself over how minor the problem really was. 

Josh wasn't totally polite when Kyle kept just helping himself to quarters from Josh's tip stash change jar he kept on the dresser in the bedroom. He knew Kyle only snagged three or four at a time for the Coke machine at school, but dammit...that was his 'delivery car needs a new tire or brake job' fund. The little chastising outburst from his lover was easily enough solved when Kyle started dropping a couple singles into Josh's glass jug anytime he raided it for change. 

All in all, they both knew after the first thirty days of sharing the bay front house, that the little stuff will always pop up and was no worse than one lone ant at a picnic...and the big stuff was happily taken care of with communication. That was one of the things their mentors; Frank and Ron from church, and Jim and Jeff from the antique mall; had already taught them.

* * * * * 

Finals were at long last over. Grades wouldn't be out for a week or longer. The other couple of college guys at the pizza shop that were moving back home for the summer, would still be around and available to work his shifts at least through the middle of the next week. And the weather was really, really nice. Nice the entire way across the top portion of Florida, from where I-10 crossed the Alabama line clear to the Atlantic waves in Jacksonville. The former place Josh called 'home' was almost dead-center between the two, and his Mom had asked every time they talked on the phone, 'When are you and your friend coming over?' Kyle had finally convinced him to take a long weekend and either just make an appearance and enjoy it without saying anything, or 'suck it up and get it all over with' while it was convenient and doable...and he would be there for support if need be. 

"Kyle, I love you so much and you know that. I am looking forward to going home and you being with me..." His head and voice both lowered as he finished with, "...but I'm just so scared I can't tell them."

"Yes, I do understand that, baby. I also understand it's giving you an ulcer because you are thinking of all sorts of bad stuff that is never going to happen." 

Josh did an combined eye roll and forehead scrunch at that. "But Kyle..."

"No buts, baby. You can't keep doing this to yourself." He really wanted to also add: 'Or doing it to us, either,' but he let that thought stay trapped in his gullet. He wrapped his arm around his lover, and kissed him softly on the cheek. "I'm not trying to force the issue, but dammit Joshie, how long do you really think you can keep it from them and saying stuff like you did to your Mom last night?"

Josh dropped his eyes in semi-defeat at that one. The use of 'Joshie' well reminded him of his Mom's comment of: 'Oh. It's Tigger and Kylio, now is it?' He had dropped both his pet names for his soul mate during the conversation, but it was the big orange jungle cat one, that got the question raised. He wanted to either just break down and cry right then or scream back, 'Yeah it is and he calls me Pooh, too!' and let the chips fall where they may. Knowing he couldn't just coldly out himself on a phone call, he took a third option of rapidly switching the subject. Thankfully his Mom let it go also, but he could feel the uncomfortable tenseness during the rest of the call with her.

Another large and loving arm hug came from Kyle, along with, "Joshua, there isn't anything I am unwilling to go through with you, but a nervous breakdown is pretty close to the top of the 'I don't wanna ever have to' list." He let the half smile get on Josh's face before closing the debate; for the moment anyway; with, "It's where you grew up and it's your family. Like it has to be with lots of other things we will go through, this time it's all about you. You take the charge of the rudder and wheel, captain...and I will follow your orders as forever faithful, first mate." 

The larger-than-life salute from Kyle made Josh's half smile instantly turn into a beaming, full one. "You are so smart at times, Kyle."

"Yep! And a little smart ass at times too. But you like that about me." 

The wink and butt slap that came with that line made Josh burst into laughter, instead of the tears he had been ready to release only minutes earlier. "Thank you for being you, Tigger."

"Hey...half of Tigg's job is helping his best fuzzy buddy get his head out of the honey pot when it's stuck there, isn't it Pooh?"

When Josh stopped laughing at that question, he proffered one back. "Kyle. Can we take the big stuffed animals with us on the trip. Maybe just set them in the back seat or something?" 

The look Kyle saw on Josh's face, was the innocence of a small child that felt he had to ask permission to play with a new toy he had received for his birthday. What he thought might be in Josh's heart at the moment, was the same small child, but with a fear the toy wasn't truly his. He enveloped his younger lover and only said, "Of course we can, baby." 

That night when Josh wandered into the bedroom to join Kyle later, he noticed the big Tigger was sitting on the big Pooh's lap facing him. They both often used the giant stuffed animals around the house to let each other know what kind of mood they were in...emotionally and sexually.

Kyle was stretched out naked on the bed with a seductive look in his hazel eyes. He quickly sat up on his knees as Josh stripped off his boxers and crawled in beside him. Before Josh could even speak, Kyle kissed him deep and then did a rapid tongue bath down his torso till he swallowed up Josh's erection. He pushed his young lover to his back and continued showering attention on his stone-hard shaft with his mouth. Josh simply laid back and enjoyed being Kyle's center of concentration. 

When Kyle had him totally primed and leaking pre fluid generously, he straddled Josh's thighs and wiggled himself up to squat down on his pubic region while going back to full make out mode again. The gentle undulations that he made with his firm butt cheeks made Josh ooze that much more and it wasn't long before Kyle once again took him to a new place in their physical relationship and palmed up a handful of both their pre juice to use as lube on himself. 

The look on Josh's face would be forever precious to Kyle as he saw the wide look of amazement coupled with an equally wide smile at the sudden realization that Kyle wanted him inside him. Kyle wanted tonight to be extra special for his lover. He wanted him to know just how much it was always a two way street in their relationship.

As Kyle leaned forward and continued with the lip bites and tongue battling, Josh felt his cock being worked and slathered with more of the pre they were both almost squirting out. Then the strong hand helped it find the tight rosebud of Kyle's. A few semi-awkward movements later, his pulsing mushroom pierced the ring. He saw the grimace on Kyle's face but also felt the further shifts that would take his fuck stick deeper into the man he wanted to spend the rest of his life with. He might be laying on his back; and Kyle may have a little control freak to his personality; but it was obvious that he was going to be the top tonight and that's what was wanted. 

As the initial pained look quickly shifted to one of pleasure, Kyle worked his jock buns down Josh's cock until he was fully impaled. A grin spread across Kyle's face and was followed with the gentle gyrations of a man ready to make love to his man by riding him to orgasm. Kyle wouldn't even let Josh stroke him...he wanted to do that too and just let Josh get all the attention. It didn't take long after Kyle began what they would come to call his 'Tigger bounce' on Josh's bone, before they both felt the imminent movement in their cum holders. 

As Josh felt the pressure build, he began to buck upward. He saw a new side of Kyle as a long deep howl screamed from the lips above him at the same time the first wave of thick, hot spooge splattered his chest and face. Josh's eruption was a half thrust behind and he began emptying deep inside Kyle with convulsions racking his entire body. By the time they had both stopped cumming, Josh's tummy, chest, neck, and face were a spider web of white ropes and his own juice was sloshing around inside Kyle. They stayed coupled together making out for the longest time until both were totally soft again.

"Da~damn Tigger!" was all Josh could manage once their lips were unplugged from each other and cuddling. "What put you in that mood babe?" was added finally.

Kyle only grinned and kissed Josh's nose first, then explained with, "Because I wanted it and I wanted you to realize sometimes it will be all about you baby...just like going home to see your family will be."

Josh smiled wide on the outside and even bigger on the inside as the mind meld they now understood was their inner souls speaking, said: 'No matter what, we will get through it.' He knew without the need for further words, that the trip home to the farm that weekend would work out somehow. 

* * * * * 

Josh was noticeably nervous as he wheeled the Hummer off the county road into the long drive at his parents farm just after 1PM. Kyle had wanted him to drive so he could feel a little more confident at going home with his lover for the first time. They had talked off and on for most of the three hour trip about the fears Josh had, and Kyle had tried to be supportive but was beginning to wonder if maybe this wasn't the best idea at this point...as far as Josh outing himself to everyone anyway. The last bit of fear surfaced as Josh slammed on the brakes half way up the quarter mile long, crushed shell roadway.

"Dammit Kyle," he started and a few large tears came with it. "I am so scared."

Kyle reached over and squeezed his boyfriend's thigh. "I am telling you Josh, you don't have to say the first word. We can just be best friends and I am coming home with you for the weekend...just like hundreds of thousands of other college roomies do every year." He paused to let the thought settle before going on. "And if you still feel that way after being home a while, then we just let it ride this trip. I don't want you so much a basket case that you make me one too."
