 8==>~ 

The address for my next delivery didn't look familiar, but a quick look at the huge wall map we had at the shop told me it was a little side street several blocks from the campus and ran thru the woods that backed up to the interstate. Remembering previous deliveries to the other two streets in the same area, also told me that it was probably dotted with the same type of small houses and older mobile homes that were cheap rentals on a two block long dead end. Not a great area, but hell....nice enough that if I could afford one, I would move out of my crappy dorm room into one in a heart beat. Previous experience also said that getting a decent tip in that area was a 50/50 shot, so I put on a positive attitude and headed out with the small, two item pizza....hoping for the best on an $11.81 order. 

Traffic was light and I jammed to the 70's & 80's classics station Cody had turned me onto earlier in the week. I was finding I really liked the mix of everything from acid rock to funky disco that they played....so much so that I got caught by another motorist beside me at a stop light, singing with too much enthusiasm along with 'It's Raining Men.' I just grinned and cranked it a little louder while following the beat with my fingers on the steering wheel. He was shaking his head when the light changed and he pulled quickly forward as I made a right headed for #97 Pine Avenue. Two streets later, I flipped on the turn signal and made a left down the dark, heavily wooded lane and began searching for anything that resembled a house number. Finally, the next to last place on the street had a front porch light on and the dilapidated mailbox at the street displayed a '97'....which was good since the little house set at least a hundred feet back on the lot and was almost obscured from view by the large bushes in front of it. I swung into the dirt driveway and pulled up behind an older Nissan Sentra with a university sticker across the back window. 

I jumped out and noticed the parking sticker on the car wasn't a faculty one, and hoped for the best that it was at least a student that could afford to live off campus, order pizza, AND tip. As I hit the front porch, I heard the same song coming from inside that was playing in my car when I shut it off....'In the Navy' by the Village People. The inside door was slightly ajar, but with the stereo volume, the customer hadn't heard me pull in. "Man...disco was so openly gay," went thru my mind as I knocked hard on the wooden screen door. 

The music was quickly turned down and when the door opened, I had to work at keeping my jaw from dropping at the most fantastic specimen of handsome male I had seen in weeks was standing there grinning at me...in nothing but boxers! Just a few inches taller than me, his well tanned & toned body coupled with long, sun-bleached, golden blonde hair suggested he was probably a surfer. His deep blue eyes were sparkling and set atop high cheek bones. His smile would make the most picky dentist proud and a set of fuzzy thighs peeked out from the boxers and ran down to his equally hairy calves. I managed to find my voice again and smiled as I asked "Looking for a little late night dinner while studying?" 

"Sure am buddy," was his response. His lips curled back into a smile after adding "What do I owe you for dragging you clear out here so late?" 

I knew what I wanted to answer, but stopped myself from suggesting that he feed me too. Even so, I still allowed myself to say "You are a cheap date tonight....only $11.81," as I handed over the pie.

"So I have been told before....let me grab the cash dude," was his comeback as he spun and left me standing there in his open doorway. I watched intently as he dropped the box on a small kitchen table and then across the room to pick up a wallet on top of the computer desk. I was too busy checking out his long legs and lightly muscled back to notice what he took out of the wallet, and then was distracted further by a meow and furry brush against my bare leg. I looked down to watch the biggest orange tabby I had ever seen wrapping himself around me. Always a sucker for an affectionate cat, I sat the hot bag aside and squatted down to pet him and scratch his ears. Suddenly, those long legs were in front of me again and I looked straight into the plain pair of bright blue boxers only inches away....a distinct bulge just starting to show. 

"Here ya go....keep the change. Sorry it's such a shitty tip, but I am major broke until Friday," were the words that came with the hand holding a ten & three ones in front of me. "His name's Ralph and he will follow you anywhere now," was added with a slight snicker.

I pushed the bills in my pocket, and said "Thanks man....every little bit does help. At least you made the effort to give me something." Then I added "Great cat!" as I stayed in the lowered position and continued stroking Ralph as he kept rubbing up against me. 

The cute customer plopped onto the arm of the old easy chair next to the door and offered "Yeah, but he is such an attention slut." 

I swore that I saw him run his hand across his box as he said it. "Nothing wrong with that. He gets what he wants by letting you know," I stated. 

His hand brushed against his crotch again and then replied as he stood up "You're right about that....you have to be willing to put it right out there and ask for it." The hand ran from his soft tummy to his bulge again before resting it on his right thigh. The tent in the boxers was becoming more obvious as he stood directly above me.

I glanced quickly behind me and realized we were shielded from the street by the shrubs and looked up into his eyes as my hand left the cat and moved towards him. "Looks like Ralph isn't the only one that wants some attention right now," was my comment as my hand slid up his left leg and to the large lump in his boxers. 

"You catch on quick pizza boy," slipped from his lips as I squeezed gently. 

His hands went to my shoulders as I buried my face in the fabric and began nuzzling the now hard tool inside them. My right hand was busy rubbing his hairy calf & thigh before working its way under the leg opening in search of his balls. He moaned as I gently chewed on his dick and found his low hangers at the same time....his large hands grabbing my ears. I squeezed and nibbled as he pulled my face tight to his still hidden manhood. Even though we were standing virtually in the door way opening of the front porch, I used my left hand to grasp the waistband and pull the boxers down to free his rod and help him step out of them so I could admire my extra tip. As it bounced in front of my face, I could see that it was at least 7" and hung slightly to the right as it stuck straight out. My hand wrapped around the one-eyed monster and I cupped his huge ball sack at the same time....right before leaning in and flicking my tongue across his leaking slit. He trembled slightly as I held him tight at the base and ran my licker around the ridge on his knob. I teased it even more by slurping on every inch of it....up and down the fleshy sides and swirling all over the helmet shaped head. After chewing on the thick, dark blonde pubes while yanking slowly on his tool, I finally lowered my lips over the head and began working my way down the shaft. By the time my nose was in his crotch shrubbery again, his knees were buckling and he grabbed my head again as he moaned "Come on inside pizza boy and let's do this right." I bobbed a few more times on his pulsing rod before letting it free and standing up to follow him to his couch. 

He sat down on the very edge of the old puke green sofa and asked my name as he reached up to unsnap my cutoffs. "Hate to just keep calling you 'pizza boy'....know what I mean dude?" 

I managed to get "It's Josh," out just as he unzipped me and pulled my shorts down exposing my now fully packed briefs. 

His hand went straight to the lump and he stated "Nice box Josh. My name's Randy," before ripping them down my legs also. He stood up, pulled my tee over my head, and tossed it aside as he planted his face against my chest and sucked a hardening nipple into his mouth. His hand wrapped around my cock. I ran my hands over his back as he worked me to a frenzy with his teeth...chewing first on the right one and then the left. Every time he gnawed on one, my cock twitched a little more in his hand. My hands found the soft flesh of his bubbled ass at the same time I started licking his ear and I kneeded each cheek as while chewing gently on his dangling lobe. I bit down on it and he twisted his head to paste his lips to mine....filling my mouth with his tongue as he lowered me to the couch and covered my naked body with his own.

We spent the next five minutes grinding our hips together and swapping spit while exploring each other's nakedness with our hands. I could feel Randy leaking precum all over my stomach as he worked himself against me. My own dick was dribbling all over his pubes, matting them together. I managed to pull his ass cheeks apart and was working a finger tip inside while he twisted his fingers in my hair and moaned in my mouth. His long tongue was leaving no part of my moist mouth missed as he gave my teeth a better cleaning than any dental hygienist ever had. My finger was buried and Randy's reaction was to shove back harder against it and mash his cock harder against my tummy. The friction was intense, but I wasn't ready to waste my load even though I was getting close. Randy must have sensed it too, when he suddenly pulled his tongue from my mouth and sat up....grabbing me by the base and pinching off the eruption that was trying to find its way up my shaft. "Not yet Josh," came from his lips just before they formed into a wide smile. 

His long surfer boy golden locks were draped over his shoulders and I looked up into his deep blue eyes as he sat straddling my upper thighs. His hand scooped up a palm full of the creamy mixture of juices that had pooled on my stomach and grinned at me as he slathered it first on my pulsing schlong and then reached behind himself and moved my still present finger to soak down his crack. His hand then ran thru the puddle again and to my lips; slipping two wet fingers between them making me taste myself. As I sucked my own jism from his fingers, he moved forward and held my cock straight up, before lowering his ass down to the cum covered head. 

Randy's head jerked back and he screamed "Motherfucker you're thick as a beer can dude!" as my dick head popped thru his anal ring. The initial pain must have disappeared as he quickly began shifting from side to side as he lowered his tight ass down further on me one inch at a time. "Oh yeah....nothing like a hot little stud with a big dick to sit on," came from him after the third inch; and he added "OH FUCK YES! Fill me up, you fuckin' stud you!" as he took the last three inches. My hands were holding his hips as his balls settled into the nest of my pubic hair. Randy leaned back on his hands as he adapted to having all of me inside him. He rocked himself against me a few times and then sat back up and grinned wide yet again just before saying. "Oh yeah hunk....I think I am ready now. I was too thanks to his ass muscles clenching me tight.

Propped on his knees, Randy began a slow but methodical up and down motion.....riding me about three or four inches with each move. I reached out and wrapped my hand around his flopping seven incher; pulling on it only a few times before Randy stopped me. "I'll take care of that. Just lay back and enjoy this since it's the rest of your tip dude." 

I smiled and uttered "OK man....you run the show." A big smile appeared on his face and he began jerking himself and humping my crotch faster and taking me deeper. 

I laced my hands behind my head and watched him work his dripping dick. I moaned deep when he increased his ride to taking himself clear to my head and then dropping down quickly on my hardness. My hips began to involuntarily push up into him on his down strokes and both of us were totally into our positions. 

"Holy fuck there is nothing like a thick assed motherfucker jamming me full," from Randy, got a response of "Ride that fuckin' thick tool with your cock eating ass," from me. 

"Cram that dick deep pizza boy," screamed from his lips the first time I hit his magic spot; and I shoved up harder immediately to hit it again. 

My words of "Come on dude.....pound that big pud in your hand and ride that bitch like you mean it!" was met with him pumping his hand faster and bouncing on my crotch like a piston in a well tuned engine running at full bore. "Come on you fuckin' blonde Adonis, I am gonna hit you with a wave like your surfer ass has never felt before and I want you to unload those heavy balls at the same time. Jack that fuckin' dick faster!" I reinforced my order by grabbing his balls and pulling them tight. 

Randy's eyes snapped shut as he cried "Oh yeah Josh....make me cum.....I am so close!" His hips humped even faster to let me know how true it was. 

I was pumping up into him hard and know I was nailing his prostate with almost every thrust. Randy's hand was almost a blur on his dick when I felt my balls tighten. "You best be ready dude cause I about to flood your guts," came from my lips only a second before a deep moan from him and the first gigantic wad of his load splattered my face. I opened my mouth and swiped my tongue at the next spew of the same size blew onto me. I savored the man milk that I caught and then clenched my teeth tightly as my own eruption began and I started to empty my huge load into Randy with my cock head pressed tight against his button. That final thrust to the bulls eye caused him to explode four more times and his ropes strung from my pubes to my chin. The guy was a cum machine! I did my best to keep up as I shot off at least four or five times deep in him before he stopped moving his hips. 

He finally opened his eyes and looked down at me with that cute smile once again spread across his face. I grinned back...unable to talk thanks to the one last spurt shooting from me as my dick slipped free of his tight butt. He bent forward to cover me and kissed me deeply; our arms wrapping around each other enjoying a most satisfying after glow. 

Just as our lips parted, Randy yelled "OH FUCK NO!" and I turned my head the same direction as his to see what the problem was....and started laughing uncontrollably. While we had been busy fucking our brains out, Ralph had gotten busy too, and managed to get the pizza box on the kitchen table open....and was sitting right in the middle of it still chowing down. 

"Don't sweat it man," I began. "I get off in an half hour and will bring you a replacement....IF you would like some more company yet tonight." I added a quick squeeze to his still half hard tool along with a wink.

Randy grinned as he slapped my bare rump. "Sure Josh. But only if you are up for getting tipped again."