 The story of Josh and Kyle continues into the new school year with new hopes, problems, and celebrations.

* * * * *

Author's note: Welcome to book two of "The Pizza Boy Trilogy." (Yes, there will be a book three also.) Those of you that are returning readers and fans, are already well-clued-in on what all has transpired up to this point. I hope you will continue to enjoy the newest adventures of Josh and Kyle working their way through college and now as a married couple. 

For those of you that are just discovering this series...while it isn't required...you would be best served and have far fewer questions, by reading book one first. "Pizza Boy at the Door" is published in its entirety here at Literotica. Chapter one is instantly accessible by clicking on this link: 

http://www.literotica.com/s/pizza-boy-at-the-door-ch-01-1 

In either case, thank you for stopping by and let's get on with the story. JKD

* * * * *

Kyle glanced up at the clock on the wall of the reception area in the administration offices of the medical school at the university. Barely forty-eight hours had passed since his mother had once again reassured him at the airport in New York that she would be fine and that he needed to get himself and Josh back to Florida. "You have eighteen years of your life invested in your education, Kyle. Classes start in less than two weeks and you have a huge change planned. Beth, Susan, and I must go on, and so do you." Her simple motherly words had said without saying: 'Get on that plane. Case closed.'

Josh had been completely supportive when Kyle told him of his intended new path. "You are the one that's going to be the doctor. That means you get to write the prescription whatever way you want. I just get to keep track of the pill bottles." He also turned totally serious with, "Plus, with me changing majors, I'll have plenty to keep me scrambling too, along with going back to knocking on doors delivering pizzas at night. But like everything else, we will get through it one simple way: Together and forever." 

Doctor Schwartz, his faculty advisor, had talked with him earlier in the day at length about the idea. He also suggested the meeting with the school's dean for further discussion before committing to a new direction. As Kyle stepped into Dean Logue's private office, he thought to himself: 'There wasn't any "suggestion" involved. It was a politely worded "order" is more like it.'

"Please sit down, Kyle," were the words from Dean Logue after he and Kyle shook hands. "I can't tell you how shocked and sorry I was to hear about the loss of your father," came first as they both settled into chairs. "If there is anything any of us can do as you go through the adjustment period, please don't hesitate to ask," followed.

"Thank you, sir. I've pretty much worked my way through the 'acceptance' stage at this point, and it's going well." Kyle gave the dean a confident smile he hoped would punctuate the reply. 

"So, Doctor Schwartz tells me that you are wanting to change your original intentions and also declare your specialization early. Correct?" 

"Yes, sir. I just feel drawn to emergency medicine now."

Dean Logue leaned back in his huge desk chair, lacing his fingers together and tilting his head towards the ceiling in momentary thought. When he moved back forward, he questioned, "Are you certain your desire to be a surgeon has changed that much? Or are you letting the tragic circumstances you went through color your thinking?" 

"I understand what you are saying, Dean, but no. I have thought this through very carefully and discussed it with my family. And Josh also, of course." 

"Ah yes. I understand congratulations are in order." The dean was smiling as he sincerely spoke the next words. "Having someone to share life with and provide support based in love will help you greatly during the rest of med school and residency. I am truly happy for you both."

Kyle smiled also and then said, "Thank you, sir. He has certainly already proven what a rock of support he can be when needed."

Shifting quickly back to the business at hand, the dean said, "Doctor Schwartz has already approved your request. Getting mine is more of a formality than anything else. I just want to be positive that your decision is being driven more by true passion than by a desire to be a knight in shining armor riding in on the white horse to try to save the world." 

"I know you are using that metaphor to tell me that I won't be able to save them all, sir. Just like I couldn't save my Dad. I accept that I couldn't have even if I had already been the best trauma man on the planet and the accident had happened in an emergency room parking lot." 

Dean Logue leaned forward and rested his forearms on his large desk. "This is blunt, Kyle, but I have to ask it. Are you sure you can face death again as often as you will in an emergency room setting, and not have it affect you to where your talent and caring becomes compromised?"

Kyle swallowed hard and then responded. "I don't think I have any choice, sir. I have to try. I know I won't be able to save every one of them, but each one that I do, will be a large victory for me...and in honor of the memory of my Dad and my grandfather." 

The dean closed his eyes and nodded at Kyle. "Your grandfather. The original 'Doctor Welby' wasn't he? Quite the general practitioner from the way I've heard you speak of him before."

Kyle immediately livened-up, both smiling large and leaning forward in his seat as he spoke. "He was always my motivation to become a doctor. My parents may have planted the seeds of caring deeply for others, but it was Doc Gramps that nurtured it into the belief that I had the ability and could be even better than he was." With only a short pause, he added, "In fact, if I can't go the emergency medicine route, I would probably follow in his footsteps literally and become the best damn country doctor in Florida." 

"I have no doubt you would be, too," Dean Schwartz confirmed with a smile. Bringing the conversation back on track, he stated, "As you know, Kyle, you normally wouldn't be totally exposed to the different specialties until your third year, but I not only will rubber-stamp Doctor Logue's recommendation for you to take some advanced courses; but will also suggest that he slip you into what we call 'emergency room lab assignments' by the end of the fall semester if your goal stays the same. That would mean spending actual time in one. Mainly as an observer and extra pair of hands if needed, but I believe it would help you greatly so that you are certain how to concentrate your last two years of school."

Kyle smiled and nodded. "Sounds like throwing me to the lions to see if I can cope and walk out of the coliseum...or freeze up and become dinner," he jested.

Dean Schwartz chuckled at the image and then became serious. "To an extent, yes. But to be honest with yourself, wouldn't you rather make the discovery of which it would be, before the muzzles are removed from the lion's mouths and they are freed from their leashes?"

"Is that your way of saying it's better to test myself from the safety of a front row seat instead of the lion's jaws first?" Kyle had to smile at the ongoing use of ancient Roman imagery they were using.

The dean nodded. "Most definitely. And by being in the front row; much like watching the brave gladiator doing battle with the beast; you will still end up with experience and just enough blood on you to decide whether you are willing to daily wade into war on that level yourself." He added a knowing wink as he leaned back in the chair again. 

Kyle winked back. "Point made, sir," was all he said before standing up. "I guess I have my answer. Thank you for your time and the chance to explore what I see as my calling now." 

* * * * *

As Kyle was finishing his meeting with the dean, Josh was in a nearby building completing a similar one with the English professor he had the previous semester for his creative writing elective. Since moving in with Kyle, he had devoted time almost each day to writing a novel. Sometimes it was only a few paragraphs, but other days hundreds and hundreds of words spilled from his fingertips. It was far from being finished or properly edited, but he wanted a critique on the rough draft. He sat silently as Professor Curtis quickly scanned the stack of pages Josh had handed over.

"I want to read this thoroughly before I judge it, Josh," he began. "But I can say from what I have already seen from you in class and just like I have told you before, you have a serious talent and should further develop it. I have little doubt that this will also impress me."

"So you think my idea of switching my planned major of business administration for a degree in English coupled with the writing specialization option isn't crazy?" He didn't admit that the hunger for the new direction he was considering was heavily based in a growing appetite for realizing the once thought impossible dream of someday becoming a published author. 

"Not at all, Josh. The works you completed in my basics course were all outstanding. You more than earned that 'A' from me and now I am seeing the passion come alive. You are only a sophomore at this point, so I would suggest you take a heavy concentration the next two semesters to see if that flame continues to glow brightly. If it doesn't and you need to make another change, then it won't be difficult." He paused shortly and added, "But my personal bet is..." He let the nodding of his head and the confident smile on his face complete the sentence as he used a finger to tap the manuscript on his desk. 

Josh's face had a smile on it, but inside he was jumping up and down with joy. Kyle's support of his writing had been greatly appreciated and motivational, but hearing this from his professor was seen as total vindication that his goal was more than a pipe dream. As he stood up and shook hands with Dr. Curtis, he forewarned, "Expect to see me in your 'creative non-fiction' course in two weeks."

"And in the first row I hope," the professor said as he walked Josh to the office door. "I like having the best and brightest right up front."

As he left the building and headed for the parking lot to meet up with Kyle, Josh snickered as he thought to himself: 'Maybe I should have Professor Curtis read and critique those pizza boy fantasy stroker stories I have already published on that Literotica site.'

* * * * *

As they pulled out of the university parking lot, Josh made a request. "Can we swing by the pizza shop before we go home, Kyle? I want to check the schedule and see if I can pick up a few extra shifts too. It's been two weeks without a paycheck already. At least I can pack in some hours before classes start again."

"Sure baby," he replied as he flipped on the turn signal and headed the Hummer west instead of east. He started to offer Josh some cash to tide him over, but decided against it. 'He is so determined to be as self-reliant as he can be, and he is actually better with budgeting his money than I am,' he thought to himself. An idea suddenly entered his mind, one that would require making another stop on the way home. It made Kyle smile big, but Josh didn't notice.

Once at the pizza shop, Josh nearly pulled him from the large truck. "Come on babe. Cody and Bryan are both here and they don't know we are married yet." The grin on his face said he was really looking forward to showing off their wedding rings. "Maybe we can help nudge them down the aisle too when they see how happy we are," he suggestively whispered as they walked into the shop holding hands.

Kyle softly laughed while thinking, 'Only thing worse than a reformed smoker, is someone still on their honeymoon. They suddenly want everyone else they know, married too.' He then smiled as he realized that he felt the same way...wanting his closest friends to know the same peace and happiness he was experiencing. 

The reception was a mixed one. Cody and Bryan started with a poke or two at Josh for having taken two weeks off, but the jocularity quickly changed to a somber mood as they remembered the reason for the second week. Both guys immediately embraced Kyle and offered their words of sympathy on the loss of his dad. Kyle broke the uneasy silence that followed with a simple, "Thank you so much." As a near morbid quiet hung in the air again and in an effort to stop the replay of the funeral that was starting in his head, Kyle turned to Josh and asked, "So are you going to tell them before you burst?" There was a lilt in his voice that said: 'Let's talk about happy things instead.' 

Josh didn't speak, but rather grabbed Kyle's left hand with his and raised them both to show off the rings on their fingers. The grins on both their faces was only overwhelmed by the glow of shared love as they waited for the reaction. 

"No shit?" finally exploded from Bryan.

"You guys got married? Like MARRIED married?" spewed out of Cody's lips. 

Suddenly the atmosphere in the shop changed from the previous quiet depression to one of celebration as Cody and Bryan hugged both Josh and Kyle and smothered them with congratulations. As they looked over the rings and listened to the description of the unique helicopter wedding ceremony over Niagara Falls, Bryan looked at Cody. Everyone laughed as he teasingly warned him with, "You had best come up with something to top that, or I'm going to dump you and steal Kyle from Josh." Turning to Kyle as he raised his palm for a high-five, he declared, "Damn, how fucking romantic." 

Twenty minutes later; after getting his schedule for the weekend and agreeing to come in some extra hours tonight to help train a new driver; Josh was sitting quietly in the Hummer as they headed back across town. He shot Kyle a 'what-the-hell?' look after his husband pulled into a parking slot at the bank he used and told Josh to come with him as he shut off the engine. He should have already known something big was up since Kyle only responded by mouthing, 'Trust me,' along with a wink.

A half hour later, they exited the bank and crawled back up into the truck. Josh was still staring at the open checkbook in his hand as Kyle pulled back out on the roadway. "Guess this really makes it real," he stated as he continued to ogle the set of temporary checks the bank had printed off for them. Seeing 'Kyle and Joshua Roberts-Thomas' on them was almost surreal to him. "I thought the lady was going to shit herself when you told her you wanted them printed this way." 

Kyle chuckled. "Yeah, she wasn't real thrilled when we sat down and I told her we needed a joint account now that we were married. I still can't believe that she actually went to the branch manager before she would agree to opening the account with hyphenated names." He smiled as he remembered overhearing the female manager's response: 'Catch up with the times, Mary Lou. My wife and I have our names the same way on our accounts.' 

Josh started to laugh as he offered, "I think she was even less happy when we both automatically picked out the 'Tigger and Pooh' background for the new checks. She will probably go home tonight and burn any copies of Winnie-the-Pooh books she has for her kids." 

Kyle snorted at that one. "Wouldn't surprise me at all. She did come across as a member of the tight-ass, uber-fundamentalist club." He reached over and took Josh's hand in his. "To tell you the truth though, I kind of hope she goes home and re-reads the original book herself and discovers the message the story has for both kids and adults."

Josh simply smiled and nodded his head in agreement.

* * * * *

Back at the house, Josh tossed the bank stuff on the coffee table as he flopped down on the couch. Kyle kicked off his sneaks and dropped beside him. Dangling his hand over the top of Josh's leg, he began strumming his fingers along the inside of his thigh. "So when do you have to go to work, sexy man?" A lustful grin appeared as he asked, "Got time for a practice delivery maybe?" Before Josh could answer, Kyle's face moved to his and sealed their lips together. His hand moved to undo the snap on Josh's jeans and then tugged the zipper down as he sucked on the tongue now in his mouth.

Even though they had made love the previous night, this was the first time Kyle had been spontaneously playful since the accident and funeral. He surrendered willingly as Kyle stripped him first of his polo and then his shorts and briefs. Once naked, Josh slipped off the leather couch to his knees. He locked eyes with Kyle after pulling him off the sofa to his feet. While undoing his pants, he ordered, "Lose the shirt, stud." He licked his lips as Kyle's well-defined chest came in view and watched his lover's eyes as he dragged the jeans and boxer briefs down his furry thighs. Josh smiled internally when Kyle moaned loudly as his hard tool was swallowed.

After having his bone expertly worked for a few minutes, Kyle pried it free of Josh's lip lock and lowered himself to join him on the floor. He held Josh's seeping rod in his hand as he announced, "Every fucking time you start sucking me that way, I want to sixty-nine with you." Without another word, Kyle stretched out on the large, soft area rug and trapped his husband's cock with his mouth.

Josh filled both of his hands with hard ass cheeks and impaled himself with Kyle's flesh spear again, muffling the moans of pleasure trying to escape his throat. 

Kyle's finger teased Josh's boy flower as he kept his own mouth busy taking full swallows that started at the tip of Josh's leaking mushroom and bouncing his lips off the thick blond pubes at the other end of the quivering shaft. It didn't take too many of those repetitive full gulps to have Josh totally worked up.

Soon thighs were gripping ears and ankles were crossed behind necks as both concentrated on giving the ultimate kiss to each other. Hip thrusts began to move in concert with each other. Sweet pre juices dribbled on each tongue and their yearnings grew stronger as their mouth gulps grew more intense. When the forewarning rumbling came from their groins, both naked bodies were undulating like gentle twin waves headed for the beach. Their bodies turned into quaking rigidity as one thick splash after another, after another, after yet another finally crashed onto the shoreline of their throats. As the initial euphoria receded like a wave returning to the ocean, they instantly spun and shared their still wet tongues and lips in afterglow kisses. 

Josh finally broke the cuddling embrace and spoke. "I don't want to, but I need to get ready for work, babe."

"I know you do, baby," Kyle replied with an exaggerated downward turn of his lips. Then he reversed them into a huge smirk. "But maybe I can get another delivery later tonight if I call and ask for my favorite pizza boy...right?" 

Josh pasted his own smirk on his face. "You know the drill. You wanna be my number one customer, all you have to do is call and request 'Josh'...and tip well of course." 

Kyle groped Josh's deflated cock and grinned. "Maybe we can both be the ones doing the 'tipping' tonight. You guys still have that 'Two-for-One ~ Flip Fuck' special don't you?" 

Josh let loose with a giant laugh and then hugged his man. "Only for the most special customers, babe. And lucky for you, the last time I checked, you were the only one on that list for me." He patted Kyle's ass as he stood up to go take a needed quick shower. "I'll call you when I get done and see what you want for dinner since I think I already know what you have in mind for dessert." 

* * * * *

Once he had clocked in at the shop, Josh slipped into the small office to join Cody and who he assumed was the new guy he would be training on the fine art of delivering pizzas. A quick perusal said they were close in age, was maybe an inch or two taller than Josh, had a similar build, and hair that was dusty blond like his own. The face was something else though. Somewhere between well-chiseled and almost too cute. Twink cute. The leering smile the new guy shot him set off his gaydar so strongly when Cody introduced them, that Josh nearly missed his name. 
