 ATTENTION: This story depicts gay incest between a father and son. It is not for all audiences. 

*

CHAPTER ONE: THE FIRST SEEDING

Exactly 3 days after my 18th birthday, my best friend in the whole world passed away. My mom had died.

Grief overcame both me and my father.

I had spent almost all of my life hating my father, for he had always been a cruel tormenter, who had always made me feel as if I were never good enough.

But, after mom's death, through his grief came a man I had never known, a much kinder and gentle man. A man I could actually like.

My father a huge man. He stood 6 foot tall and weighed almost 300 pounds. He was very stocky. His hands were twice the size of mine.

I was always a small-framed boy, inheriting my "girlish" figure from my mom who had been 4'11 and petite. By the time I was 18, I was 5 foot 6 inches tall and weighed 158. I inherited many of my feminine traits from my mother. I was shy and soft-spoken, very little body hair, except for my head and my pubic area. I was a light-skinned blond boy with very little muscle as I never learned to work out as young boys my age did. My chest was smooth and hairless and my ass was smooth and shapely. By the time I was in my teens, I had more men looking at me as I passed by than women. I'd look back sometimes and catch men staring at my ass.

Of course, I was too shy to do anything about the sexual attention except blush and I did a lot of blushing back when I was a kid.

At age 12, my dad caught masturbating and was very cruel about it. He announced it in front of the entire family, saying that I had a bad habit of playing with myself. He said this in front of my oder brothers wives and girlfriends. I was mortified.

It didn't stop me from jacking off. I just learned to hide it better. I began to hate my father that day.

My family was not shy when it came to sex and that's why I was so hurt by my dad treating me this way. I often watched my parents fuck in front of me. My mom always said that sex was a natural thing and there was no shame in it. Mom used to go to her knees and suck my dad off as we were watching TV. She taught me before I was 10 what that white stuff that shot from dad's cock was and that I'd soon be shooting sperm too. By the time I was 12, they had demonstrated every sexual position to me.

I spent my teen years as horny as hell but too shy to participate. I'd just sit there and watch them, getting a hard-on of my own. Neither of my parents tried to molest me or anything. In my adulthood, I realized that they wanted me to make my own decision and join them if I felt like it. But, I never made the move due to my shyness. Instead, I'd go to my room afterwards and jack off.

The only time I even came close to having any kind of sex when I was a teenager was when my best friend and I were out in the field looking at porn magazines. I noticed his huge erection and our eyes met. John slid his shorts to his ankles and told me to do the same then we both jacked off in front of one another.

John's cock was beautiful but I could tell that he was disappointed that my cock was bigger than his. I was so horny that I wanted to reach out and touch his cock but as usual, I was too shy to do it.

John wanted to compare our dicks so we stood facing each other with our hard cocks jutting from our young bodies and we looked each other in the eyes as we moved closer so that our cocks were touching. It felt so good when his cock rubbed against my cock that I almost lost my load. I closed my eyes and I'm sure John heard my moan.

We moved slowly toward one another, our cocks caressing one another's as we slid closer to each other's pelvis. My cock was the first to hit his soft blond patch of pubic hair. God, it felt so soothing to my cock to feel the soft mound of blond hair. I must have moaned again because John had a silly smile on his face. I stopped short from ramming the head of my cock into his groan.

We both broke from the mutual stare to look down at our cocks. John's cock was about half the length of mine but his cock was much thicker. I loved his cock. I wanted to give his beefy cock little wet kisses of love. I wanted to taste him.

"Shit, you got pre-cum on my pubic hair!" John said softly and at first, I thought he was mad but then he looked at me and I realized that he was enjoying this as much as I was.

To my surprise, he reached down and scooped up some of the pre-ejaculation fluid onto his finger, touching the head of my cock briefly, wiping more pre-cum onto his finger. He studied it then shockingly, he put his finger into his mouth ad tasted my pre-cum.

Looking back years later, I realized that this and many other things that John did in the years of our teens were his way of coming onto me but neither of us were willing to make the first move but we had lots of exciting times in our shyness.

"Don't get any ideas, Denny. I ain't no fag. I just wondered if yours tasted like mine and it does." John said in defense after I failed to return the gesture.

I wanted to reach out and touch him. I wanted to taste his pre-cum. Hell, I wanted to learn to suck cock by practicing on my best friend.

I may even have been in love with John at some point but when we were 17, we had a bitter fight and never spoke again. The truth is that I was jealous of him spending more time with another guy than he did with me. Maybe if I had opened up to him and told him my feelings, we'd still be friends if not lovers today.

After a few minutes of silence while our cocks touched and we stared into each other's eyes, waiting for the other to make a move, we broke contact. My cock suddenly felt cold as he moved away from me and a lump stuck in my throat. Suddenly, we were both too embarrassed to continue jacking off. John was the first to stuff his erection back into his pants.

"I gotta go." R said hastily and quickly walked away.

I was left with my cock on my hand, my pants down around my ankles and staring at John's ass as he walked way, my cock throbbing at thoughts of the possibility of touching his bare ass one day.

I feverishly jacked off nd cried out John's name as I shot the biggest load of my young life into the grass of the meadow that was our favorite spot for jacking off. It was the spot we came to up until our big fight. I'd learn years from then when meeting John again at our 20th year class reunion that he hid in the trees and watched me jack off as he jacked himself. He knew that I wanted him when he heard me crying his name as I shot my sperm. He whispered my name as well as he shot his own sperm onto the tree bark in front of him.

**

After my mom died, I could really have used my best friend but it had been a year since our fight. My heart still ached due to our breakup. That was what it really was. We broke up after being together almost all of our lives. Neither of us were going to confront the other about the way we felt toward one another. In the end, John fced his homosexuality and met another guy who was more willing to admit the feelings he had for John, if only sexual.

Back in the 1980s in small town USA, no one really came out and said they were gay. They simply either lived in loneliness and disappointment or found someone else that felt the same way.

John had found a guy who wasn't shy about experimenting with another guy but was also discreet. While I suspected that his new friend, Tom, was gay, it was a guard secret. I never found out for sure. But, my jealousy blinded me and I lost someone I loved very much.

Then, my whole world came crumbling down around me as the only remaining friend I had left in the world died in May 1982, 3 days after my 18th birthday.

The truth was that the grief made me more vulnerable. I needed someone, anyone. So, five days after my mom died and my father came to my bedroom door, crying, I didn't see him as the angry man that I hated but as the kind and gentle man he had been over the past five days. When he asked me to come to his room and sleep in his bed to comfort him because he missed mom so much, I didn't think twice, I went.

We were both only in our briefs and we lay next to one another talking about mom. His hands caressed my body, spending too much time on my small ass but I didn't think anything about it except that his touch made me get a hard-on. He must have seen my cock through my underpants in the dim light as he put his big, strong arms around me and began to run my cock through my underpants. Pre-cum immediately soaked the front of mu underpants.

After rubbing my hard cock for a few minutes, he turned my small body over, looked me in the eyes, crying and asked me if he could make love to me. Somehow, all of this didn't shock me and I found myself saying "OK" to him.

He didn't waste any time at all. He shredded my underpants with his strong hands, exposing my hard cock and my bare ass. It turned me on so much that he had ripped my underpants from my body.

"I've been wanting to do this for a very long time, son." My father confessed as he kissed my bare, hairless chest lovingly.

His hands roamed my naked body, touching in all the right places, making my cock throb with each gentle and loving caress.

Dad's mouth went to my hard nipples and began to lick and nibble on them. I had never felt so wonderful in my life. No wonder mom loved it when dad sucked her tits!

His mouth spent about five minutes on my nipples and in the meantime, his hand found my cock and held my throbbing cock in one huge, manly hand while his other hand caressed my smooth ass, driving me crazy. I loved to have my ass groped. Whenever I masturbated at night, I would caress my own ass and pretend it was John's ass.

Dad's mouth moved down, his tongue played with my belly button before finding the base of my cock.

Suddenly, I tightened my legs as his tongue started slowly climbing the length of my shaft. I couldn't believe how wonderful he was making me feel. My cock jerked against his tongue several times and I must have been moaning. His wet tongue was only halfway up my cock and I already wanted to shoot my cum into the air.

"Easy, son. Calm down. I know it feels good but you want to take your time and enjoy this since this is your first blowjob. Do you want me to stop until you hold off on cumming?"

I shook my head violently so he wet his tongue again and began where it let off before he stopped.

When he got to the tip of my cock, he flicked again the underside of the head of my cock, drawing audio approval from me.

"Don't stop, daddy. It feels so good!" I whispered to my father.

Caressing my large balls with his hand, he suddenly engulfed the entire length of my cock into his mouth. My ass cheeks clench and I cried out in pleasure as I felt my dad's lips at the base of my cock. He massaged my cock with his throat for a few seconds then started his climb up my cock with his lips, this time doing it slowly, making me feel so very good. All I could do was watch him and cry out in ecstasy.

When his mouth got to the tip of my cock, I heard his lips smack then his tongue travelled down the underside of my cock slowly again. This time, he kept going, down my balls, flicking them briefly. Then, he tongue went under my balls and stayed there a while. It drove me crazy. It felt so good when he licked just beneath my balls! I cried out louder now as this was the best I'd ever felt in my life.

A few minutes later, his tongue went even lower. I found myself turning over on my side and spreading my legs as his wet tongue darted between my smooth ass cheeks and to my asshole.

"Oh, God, Dad! Lick my ass! God, that feels so good!! Don't stop!"

He giggled slightly as he licked my ass.

He made me so horny that I dived my head between his thick, meaty legs and stuffed his small, hard uncut cock into my mouth. I was shy no more. I wanted cock and took it.

"Oh, son, you don't need to do that!" He murmured but when I kept sucking, he buried his face between my ass crack again and continued to probe my ass with his tongue.

I had always known that my dad had a small dick but until it was in my mouth, I really had no idea just how small compared to mine. It didn't take much to sink my mouth the entire length. It was no where near the back of my throat. Regardless, he acted like I was deep-throating him and in less than a minute, I heard him exhale really loud and my mouth was full of his thick, bitter semen. I eagerly tasted it and swallowed, wanting more, which his balls gave me.

Dad may have had a small cock but he had plenty of sperm to feed me. I got more turned on as I tasted and swallowed mouthful after mouthful of his cum.

He kissed my ass cheeks lovingly as he unloaded into my mouth. He kept thanking me as he flooded my mouth with his semen.

His legs jerked slightly when he was close to the end of his orgasm. I held his small cock into my mouth until it went completely soft and I thought all of his sperm had finished shooting into my mouth.

As soon as I took my mouth off from his cock, it spurt one last blast of hot, white semen which covered my nose. I blinked rapidly, worried that it got into my eyes, which it didn't. I scooped up the sperm from my nose and tasted it. I then licked his soft cock clean.

My father's breathing was starting to return to normal.

"Oh, Denny, that felt so good, son. Thank you so much for having pity on your old man. Even your mom never made feel that good. I've been fantasizing of my cock exploding into your mouth for years! Thank you for making my most exciting fantasy come true."

I was still a shy kid so all I did was blush. I kept quiet. But, I wanted to tell him that I enjoyed it too and that he could cum in my mouth any time he wanted to.

"ell, now that I've blown my load, you need to blow yours, son."

He then deep-throated me over and over many times. He licked my ass some more but he was determined to make me cum. So, after about 15 minutes, I grabbed his bald head and held his head against myself, his lips up against my pubic area, his tongue touching me and my entire shaft down his throat. I cried out really loud and said "Fuck!" as I shot stream after stream of my hot, thick semen down my father's throat.

He gagged several times on my cum but I held his head against me so tight that he couldn't move as I finished feeding him my seed.

You fucking child molester! You wanted this! Now, I'm giving it to you!!! And, I'm going to feed you so much of my sperm, Daddy, night after night, that you'll get addicted to it.

Of course, I didn't actually say those things to him. I just gobbled his cock and made him cum in my mouth again without a word.

**