 Author's Note (B Flat):

While the first chapter of this story was based in true life experiences, I've decided to mix some fiction into the rest of this story at the request of readers and to make for a more interesting story.

This story deals with gay incest but this particular chapter is about two friends who 'accidently' have sex. Chapter 3 will get back to the gay incest theme.

I've decided to mix it up a little and future chapters will even go into bisexuality and heterosexual incest. Of course, I will identify which topic each chapter will be in the Author Notes.

Enjoy!

Chapter 2: THE ACCIDENTAL SEEDING

The guilt and shame hit me almost immediately after going back to my own bed. I had enjoyed the sex with my dad but now I felt awful.

Am I gay? What if someone finds out what just happened? Did Dad just use me to get off? Was he only nice to me so that I'd have sex with him? Oh my God, I must be gay.

I laid in my bed not sleeping that night, hating myself for what I had just done. It was one thing to fool around with John. It was quite another to have sex with my own dad.

I must be sick. I don't want to be gay! I want girls!!

At that young age, I had never heard the term "bi-sexual" and didn't know that people could be attracted to both sexes. This was the early 1980's. Any type of sex with the same sex was considered repulsive and the person doing it was the worst type of slime, not even considered a human being.

All I kept thinking was that if any of the girls at school ever learned about what I had just done, they would never love me and that was the one thing I wanted most in life, was a girl to finally love me.

Throughout the day, I avoided my father and tried not to give in to the depression that I felt on the outer edges of my mind.

I felt sick to my stomach whenever my thoughts strayed to sex at all, whether it be heterosexual or homosexual.

Will I ever feel normal again?

John kept calling and I finally gave in and told him to come over.

I wanted to open up to him and tell him what happened between my dad and I the night before but every time I started to get the courage to tell him, my mouth went dry a nd the words just wouldn't come.

John and I spent so much time together growing up that he was used to my silence. He was the kind of guy that liked to talk and I was the kind of guy who didn't, so we were a good match.

After a few hours together, it was getting late so I expected him to begin yawning and leave after he got to the point where he could hardly keep his eyes open. But, as we occasionally do, he asked if he could 'bunk' with me.

We had been doing this since we were about 3 years old. My mom was the first to encourage us to share a sleeping bag and sleep together. I distinctly remember the first time. We were camping and had taken John along with us and we boys were cold and I asked my mom if we could sleep in their tent together instead of our own tent. My parents never hid their sexual nature and dad told us boys that he needed my mom's breasts to warm him that night so we'd better just share a sleeping bag and zip it up tight. My dad referred to my mom's tits as 'boobies', which made John giggle at age 3, he was a breast man and loved to see my mom's tits. For a short, petite woman, she did have fantastic tits. To this day, whenever I bring up my mom's image in my mind, she is bare-breasted.

So, we climbed in and snuggled with one another, which we found that kept each other warm.

We never outgrew that and didn't think anything about two grown teenaged boys climbing into a big sleeping bag in just our underpants and zipping it up.

This time, though, when John got the sleeping bag out of my closet and stripped down to his underpants, it turned me on.

I quickly stripped down to my briefs and we got into the sleeping bag together and turned out the light.

We were silent for several minutes. I could hear him breathing and could feel his warm body next to mine and it really turned me on.

"My cousin told me that when girls fart, it smells so much worse than boys farting because they fart from both their ass and their pussy." He laughed. "Man, when I get a wife, I'll make her go outside to fart!" He giggled.

I smiled in the darkness. John was fond of looking up disgusting facts about sex and biology then repeating them.

"If two guys shoot their jizz at the same time and the jizz mixes, would it be poisonous if someone licked the jizz up and ate it?"

This was 1982. This was before we even heard the terms HIV and AIDS. John and I had not been sexually active so neither of us knew anything about sex at all and even less about gay sex. I had watched my parents fucking but nobody stopped fucking to explain to me in detail about sex. All I knew was that my parents felt good while having sex and that it turned me on to watch them.

"Did you know that Mrs. Harris at school used to be a cheerleader when she went to our school? My cousin went to school with her and said that she went down on all 17 football players after they won the Bloomsville game. She swallowed so much sperm that they had to take her to the hospital and have her stomach pumped."

You never really knew if John's stories were true or not.

"You know, John, my dad has the smallest cock and that the only way he could get my mom pregnant was for her to blow him until he came in her mouth then she spit his sperm into her pussy to conceive me. The only sexual position they can do is doggie-style because he is so damned fat."

John nodded, knowing that I was telling the truth then he busted up laughing. He knew that I never lied, especially to him.

"Why does your mom stay with a husband with such a small dick, Denny? I've seen your mom naked and she was so beautiful. If I had even a little chance, I'd have romanced her and shown your wonderful mother that not all guys are pricks like your dad. There are nice guys like you and me, Denny! She'd probably still be alive if your dad weren't such a controlling asshole."

"Yes, guys like us, still virgins when we are 30, start throwing up when a beautiful girl is near..."

"Hey, that only happened twice and I had a puke bag with me the second time so my puke didn't get all over this time."

I smiled sadly at my friend, remembering just how beautiful my mom was and missing her.

"I stand corrected... guys like us... our idea of a great date is going to the public library on a Friday night and see who can read the latest Star Trek novel first. Then, go to a diner and talk about the book all night."

"We have had some pretty damned good Trek discussions, you know."

I nodded. "I know but you do actually know that typical girls aren't into that right?"

"Bullshit! Remember Gillian Marks?"

I chuckled softly. "Before or after she cut her hair short, put a rolled up sock in the crotch of her jeans and demanded that we call her 'Gil'. She was a lot of fun after she became Gil and started smoking cigars. There's nothing like seeing a 6-pack on the chest of a 16 year old girl who always looked more like a dude than a girl anyway."

John must have given me a dirty look but because he was facing the opposite of me in the sleeping back and it was dark, I couldn't tell for sure.

Almost a minute passed in uncomfortable silence.

"Johnny?" I asked tentatively, ready to apologize if I hurt his feelings.

"Shut up. I'm almost asleep so unless you are offering to blow me to sleep with that pretty mouth, shut it and let us heterosexual men go to sleep."

I started to offer to do as he just suggested and give him a blowjob but my mouth went dry again.

Yes, I must be gay since John turns me on so much. But, why do girls at school give me hard-ons too?

I laid next to my best friend in the sleeping bag with a massive erection and tried not to press it up against his cute ass. He was facing away from me on his side and occasionally, his ass rubbed against my cock through our underpants and it drove me crazy.

After about an hour of lying there wide awake thinking about the sexual things I wanted to do with John, he shifted his body so that he slammed right up against me in the sleeping bag. His ass pressed hard against my hard cock and I almost came into my underpants due to the pressure he put against my cock. It felt wonderful but I was scared that he'd think I was trying to get off by putting my cock against his ass.

I tried to wake him up to tell him to move over but he didn't respond. He was dead asleep.

About five minutes later, his ass began a grinding motion against my cock and that was even worse. It felt so very good.

After fretting about it for a few minutes, I finally gave in to my lust and my feelings for him and decided to enjoy this one encounter. He was asleep so he'd never know.

I put my arms around his hairy chest and began to play with his nipples, which got hard immediately when I touched them. I heard him sigh, so I must have been making him feel good.

His ass crushed against my cock even harder and held there for about a minute before resuming its grinding motions.

He must be fucking some girl in his dream.

I began to kiss his back and shoulders lightly as I did so, years of feelings for him came flooding over me. I realized at that very moment that I was capable of loving another guy like I could love a girl and I was in love with my best friend.

I wanted to turn him over in the sleeping bag, dive underneath the sleeping bag, strip him from his underwear and taste his cock but instead, I made my kisses wetter and I began to kiss his neck as well, which drew soft sighs from him.

I reached down to see if his cock was hard and was pleased to feel it throb as my fingers touched it through his underwear.

I knew John so well that I knew once he was asleep, an earthquake wouldn't wake him up, so I knew that there was no danger of being discovered as I did things to his sexy body.

I knew that I was betraying his trust but I loved and craved him so much that the only thing that mattered was my desire for him.

I kept my hand on his cock and squeezed it lightly as his ass grinded against my cock and I continued to kiss him.

My feelings finally won against my closed mouth and I began whispering to him. I needed to get all of this out finally.

"My sweet Johnny, I'm sorry but I've been wanting you for over a year now. You turn me on so very much!"

I squeezed his cock.

"I love this fat cock and I want it in my mouth! And, who knows, maybe someday, if we ever admit our feelings for one another, I'll let you fuck my ass with this wonderful cock. I mean, that's what gay guys do, right? I must be gay because you turn me on so much. I mean, it's not just sexual, my dear friend. I love you. I mean, I'm actually IN LOVE with you."

I would be so embarrassed if John were awake and actually heard me confess my love for him.

"I love your cute peach-fuzz ass. I want to run my fingers through the small blonde hairs o your ass. God, I love you so much."

His cock jumped in my hand so I squeezed even harder, drawing a soft moan from my friend.

His ass slammed hard against my cock again and I almost lost it. I groaned softly, trying to hold my orgasm back.

"I want to learn how to suck cock by practicing on your cock, John, not my dad's."

His cock jumped again in my hand. I squeezed gently this time. I could feel a dampness in his underpants and knew that he must be seeping pre-cum. I was sure that my own cock must have seeped through my underwear and probably got his ass wet by now.

I raised my hand to my nose and inhaled the smell of his pre-cum. It had an ammonia scent to it like mine did.

I put my hand back on his cock and began to gently rub his cock through his underwear. I decided to rub until I made him cream his underwear. I shot my sperm in my sleep all of the time so John will just think he had a wet dream and came in his underwear.

The pace of his ass grinding against my cock seemed to get faster and I was close to my own orgasm.

There was one thing that my mother told me many times and that was to always please your sex partner before you took your own pleasure and that was what I intended to do tonight so I increased the pressure I put on his cock and the pace of my rubbing motion. He cried out softly in his sleep so I knew that I was making him feel good.

"I want to make your cock explode in my hand, Johnny. I wished it was in my mouth when it erupted so I could taste you. Most girls won't swallow sperm but I will always swallow yours. Mom taught me that when a girl swallowed a guy's cum, it meant that she really cares about him. Well, I want to show you how much I love you by swallowing your cum."

I was almost there and began cussing at myself in my head for not being man enough to make John cum first.

"Someday, I want to feel your cock explode inside my ass, John."

Suddenly, my best friend cried out loudly. His body jerked violently and his ass crushed my cock.

"Oh My God, Johnny, I can't hold back any longer!"

I felt my hand becoming wet from his spurting cock just as I began to cum against his ass.

It was the best orgasm I'd ever had. It felt so good that I could not find my voice to moan. I just closed my eyes and heard a strangling sound coming from my throat as I felt the most pleasure I'd ever felt before. My body slumped against John's as I blew my load in my underwear.

To my surprise, he reached back and began to feel my ass as we both came. I looked at his face through the darkness and saw the most angelic expression on his face but he was still asleep.

I reached under his underwear and held his cock in my hand as it finished spurting and soaking his underpants. I kissed his neck passionately as we finished our orgasms.

After a few more minutes of these wonderful feelings and sensations, our bodies seemed to collapse into one another's at the same time. John was still breathing hard but he was beginning to calm down and his heart was no longer beating so fast.

I kissed his neck one last time. "I love you, John." I whispered to my new lover.

I lay there for about 15 minutes, thinking about how wonderful it was.

Then, my peace was shattered as I heard my dad's voice from the doorway of my bedroom.

"Denny, now that you've had your fun with your friend, come to my room so I can teach you how to please a man properly instead of this fumbling bullshit!" He was seething with anger and possibly jealousy.

*