 Author's Note (C-Sharp)

This chapter is back to the incest theme at the beginning but finishes with another encounter between Denny and John. Is John secretly aware of these encounters or do you believe that he can sleep through two orgasms? I will be developing that relation more in future chapters.

Chapter 4 will delve into Denny's father's history and will focus on his first night in prison as told by Denny. There will be plenty of gay sex in Chapter but we will once again jump out of the incest genre for Chapter 4.

Enjoy!

CHAPTER 3: A FAMILY BREEDING SEEDING

Just 3 days after I turned 28, my mom died. A few days later, my dad and I began having sex together. I was barely an adult yet I was having sex with my own father and my best friend. I was very confused. I did not want to be gay but it felt so very good.

My father instructed me to bring him John's cum-stained underwear. If I didn't do as he said, he threatened to wake John up and tell him what had just happened. My father had returned to the cruel man I had always known and he was using blackmail to get his way.

It took nearly five minutes to peel John's underpants off from him without waking him up and by the time I returned to my dad's bedroom, I had a raging hard-on.

My dad got to his knees and began licking my own cum-soaked underwear, trying to suck all of the semen from it before it dried.

I hated him but his tongue and mouth felt so good, even with my underpants on, that I put my hand on his head and moaned.

After he got all of the semen licked up than he could, he peeled my underwear off from me and slowly licked the underside of my cock. He went up and down my shaft with his tongue several times then just as I was about to smear his face with my cum, he stopped and made me put John's underpants on.

He got behind me and began licking the semen that soaked through from my underwear to John's underwear and I could not believe how much pleasure I got from his tongue licking my ass. My cock throbbed each time his tongue went between my ass cheeks.

"Touch my cock, Dad!" I begged but he just kept licking the cum-stained underpants.

Just when I began really enjoying his tongue on my ass, he shifted so that he was in front of me and told me to smear the front of John's underwear all over my cock. After I had smeared John's cum onto my cock, my dad peeled John's underwear off of me and began licking my cum-covered cock.

I tried to push his head forward to make him take my cock into his mouth but he resisted and just continued licking my cock, tasting John's semen.

"Tonight is not about your pleasure, son, it is about mine." He said softly.

He then grabbed me and placed my body so that my head was facing down in a pillow. I tried to resist but he was stronger.

"Just relax, boy and put your pretty ass in the air for me."

He caressed my ass lovingly, admiring it for several minutes.

"You have a beautiful ass, son. Nice, smooth, milky cheeks, hardly any hair at all. And, small, compared to most men. Those are qualities that many gay men want in their sex partner."

"But, dad, I'm not gay. I still like girls." I informed him.

"Yes, boy, so do I. If not for going to jail when I was young, I'd probably only want women. But, I've always been very sexual and after being locked up with only men for three years, I gave into sexual pressure and began having sex with other men in prison with me. I will tell you about it some time."

It became quiet for several minutes while he continued to touch my ass, balls and cock in a loving manner.

He then began to lick my ass and I about passed out at the pleasure he was giving me.

He very lightly touched my cock as he licked my ass, which felt great but not enough to make me cum right away.

Occasionally, he would remove his tongue from my ass and lick very slowly up my balls and the shaft of my cock then down again until his tongue resumed licking my asshole.

After about ten minutes of this, I felt a cold draft where his tongue had just vacated my ass and wondered why he had stopped licking. Before I had a chance to move or say anything, I felt a burning but not unpleasant sensation in my ass and he began to probe my asshole with a lubricated finger.

I tried moving away but he held me tightly in his big, strong arms.

"Don't worry, Denny, my finger hurts more than my cock will." He said softly and before his words registered in my brain, he mounted my small body and penetrated me with his small but very hard cock.

He was absolutely right about the pain. The pain disappeared when he pulled his finger out and it actually felt good having my father's small cock inside of me.

Even when he began to fuck me, the pain didn't come back and the more my ass got used to his cock, the more pleasure I felt.

I could hear and feel his balls slap against my balls. My dad had very large balls but such a small cock.

As he fucked me, I began to wonder about John's comment about how he wondered why my mom stayed with my dad. I began wondering too.

I had seen them fucking my whole life and my mom seemed to really love getting fucked by my dad's small cock, just as I was starting to enjoy it now.

My mom was a small woman so maybe guys with big cocks had hurt her pussy.

I was moaning out loud now and my dad began to bang my ass harder and harder. I knew he was about to cum.

Fuck. He doesn't last very long either.

I had never actually timed my father's orgasms during the many times they fucked in front of me but mom seemed to cum first most of the time so I didn't realize until now that he couldn't last very long.

To my surprise, the big man slowed his pace down.

"I almost came too soon! Your tight ass makes my cock feel so very good, boy!" He said with heavy-breathing.

He suddenly grabbed me by my hair and yanked my head back and kissed me passionately on the lips.

The pain from my head only aroused me even more and I slammed my ass back against him unconsciously as we kissed.

He groaned inside of my mouth then began to fuck me harder again.

Our lips broke from one another's and he exhaled heavily.

"Fuck! What am I doing? I'm taking your virginity! Naturally, it's going to be the most thrilling night for me. I may as well enjoy it like I've enjoyed taking your brothers and your sister the first time." He said. Then, he began slamming his cock into my ass even harder than he was before.

I cried out loudly as his huge stomach crashed against my ass cheeks over and over. It felt like nothing I had experienced before. I honestly couldn't say that my own orgasms ever felt this good before. The wonderful feelings I was experiencing were so very different than simply blowing my wad. Yet, each time he pushed into my body and our balls collided, I became closer and closer to spewing my semen all over my father's bed.

As if on instinct, he grabbed my arms and pinned them behind my back with one of his large hands as he continued to bang my ass violently. I had been about to jack myself off but he stopped me.

The fact that I had no control over the situation turned me on even more.

"Fuck me harder, daddy! Fuck my ass!!" I begged him. "God, it feels so good!!"

He suddenly pushed himself into me even deeper than before as his body began to tremble.

He was shooting his semen into my ass.

My dad is shooting his sperm into me.

I thought that single thought for several seconds before a single worried thought crept into my brain.

I hope he doesn't make me pregnant.

My face became hot as I began blushing at my own foolish thought of getting pregnant.

He stayed on top of me for several minutes as he continued to let his balls drain into me.

He had freed my arms during his orgasm and so I began to jack off while his cock was dripping inside of me.

I knew that when he pulled his cock out of me, his semen would probably burst from my ass but it seemed that I wanted to feel his seed inside of me just a little bit longer.

I couldn't last very long myself tonight as I cried out just as his cock slipped from ass and I felt his semen draining from my ass and I began shooting my own semen all over his bed.

He kissed and caressed my back and my ass while I had my climax.

"I love the smell of semen." He admitted. "One day soon, I'll introduce you to the taste and smell of pussy. Your mom and I were members of a very special club and I'll take you with me the next time we meet.

After about a minute, my body collapsed under his and we fell asleep in that position, with my dad on top of me and both of us were sated.

This time, I didn't leave my dad's bed with a sick feeling. Instead, I woke up in a panic that John would wake up and come looking for me.

I couldn't get out from under my dad so I took a cue from John and began wiggling my ass against my dad's cock and brought his cock and him back to life.

I didn't mind, though, because I wanted to see if my second ass-fuck was as good as my first and it was even better. 20 minutes later, my dad shot his load into me and before he could fall asleep on top of me again, I got out from under him.

Before he would let me leave his bedroom, he made me lick his cock clean and I made him cum in my mouth. I still wasn't used to the bad taste of semen but I figured the more cock I sucked, the better it would be. And, John came to mind when I had those thoughts. I wanted to suck John's cock more than ever now.

**

When I finally got back to my bedroom, I was completely naked, I had the taste of my dad's semen in my mouth and my ass was dripping semen and lubricant. I was dead tired and all I wanted was sleep.

To my horror, the sun was starting to come up, so I let the shades down so the sun wouldn't wake John up.

I got into the sleeping bag with him and was momentarily surprised to feel his naked body but remembered that dad had taken both pairs of our underwear.

My cock got hard as soon as it rubbed against John's bare, hairy ass.

John shuffled in his sleep and when he turned over, his hard cock poked me in the stomach.

Taking the risk that he might wake up, I peeled the sleeping bag off from his naked body and glanced lovingly at the nude boy.

God, he turns me on so much!

I took my time studying his beautiful naked body.

It was so strange that we were both blondes and even resembled one another but he was taller than I was and his body was hairy, unlike mine.

He had thick blond hair all over his chest and I ran my fingers through it lovingly. In contrast, my chest had no hair.

His head was full of curly blond hair while mine was straight.

We both had a full bush of pubic hair but he had short blond hairs on his legs and ass and my legs and ass were smooth, virtually hairless.

I had seen John's naked body all of the time as we grew up together but had only been aware of how beautiful he was in the past month, as we played masturbation games in the woods together.

The first time we masturbated together, I began fantasizing about running my hands all over his naked body, especially running my fingers through the tiny hairs on his ass, which I began to call his peach fuzz.

His short, fat cock was just one part of his body that I craved. I wanted to touch and put my mouth all over his wonderful body.

John moaned softly and shifted slightly in his sleep. His cock jumped but he remained hard ad asleep.

I bent down and kissed his cock lovingly, feeling it jump several times in my hand as I kissed it wetly. John parted his lips and moaned.

My hand began caressing his balls as I continued to kiss his cock all over.

I had given my dad two blowjobs in the past 24 hours but I had no idea how to properly please a guy with my mouth. I wanted to give John a good blowjob and make him feel better than he had ever felt before but I worried that he would wake up or that my inexperience would cause me to just frustrate him sexually.

I had read in an article in Forum Magazine that many girls didn't know how to give a good blowjob and they just frustrated men instead of pleasing them. I learned through articles in the magazine that there was such a thing as giving a bad blowjob and that many men preferred no blowjob at all to getting a bad blowjob.

I didn't want to give John a bad blowjob and alienate him. I not only wanted to please him now but wanted to learn how to give good head by practicing on him.

Of course, I would be mortified if he woke up and caught me giving him a blowjob, causing him to never want to see me ever again. I loved him too much to ever want that to happen.

John and I had often talked about our fantasies of sneaking into a girl's bedroom at night and having our way with her sleeping body. The girl we chose to fantasize about changed from time to time but now that we had begun masturbating together, we commonly chose the same girl. Our tastes were that similar.

Neither of us ever talked about doing it to one another, though. The more we masturbated together in the woods, the more I fantasized and wanted my best friend.

I had told him tonight how I felt about him but he was asleep and his sweet ass was making my cock feel so good, so confessing my desire and love to him while he was sleeping was easy for me. He would never really know. I was way too shy and too embarrassed to admit my homosexual feelings for him.

It was one thing to be sexually attracted to another guy as a secret fantasy. It was quite another to actually be in love with another guy as I had admitted to myself tonight.

It was true. I was in love with John. The more time I spent with him with and without our clothes on made my love for him even stronger.

I had never had these feelings for another guy. I had deep crushes on a few girls at school but never for a guy. Until now.

Of course, my fantasy of him being in love with me as well was just that, a fantasy. It was very likely that if he ever found out how I felt about him, he'd never speak to me again.

He smelled so very good to me. I couldn't quite think of the scent of the soap he used but it was wonderful. Mixed with his musky scent, it turned me on. Until my dad shoved his cock into my face 24 hours ago, I never knew what a man's scent was like. My nose had never been close enough to my own crotch and certainly never close to another guy's crotch.

John's scent was intoxicating to me. I never wanted to move my face away from his cock. I lay there, touching his cock lightly and running my lips all over his beautiful cock, giving him lots of wet kisses of love, just as I'd fantasized ever since I first saw John with an erection.

Looking up at his face in the dimness of the room, I could tell that I was making him feel good with my lips. I moved my lips downward to his balls and inhaled his scent, making my own cock twitch.

I kissed his balls lightly for several minutes. Once again, his fat cock jumped in my hand as I lavished wet kisses all over his balls.

Suddenly, I remembered what it felt like to have my dad's tongue probing the spot beneath my balls and my ass. I spread John's legs gently, careful not to awaken him and lowered my head. I placed my tongue beneath his balls and probed, causing John to clench his ass and moan out loud. I froze suddenly, thinking that I may have woken him up but his eyes were still closed. So, I probed him some more with my tongue, slowly trying to put my tongue between his ass cheeks.

I realized that with him on his back, reaching his asshole with my tongue would be impossible so I raised my tongue to just beneath his balls again and began to lick him, causing him to moan again.

I'll just have to lick his ass later after he confesses to me that he wants me too.

It was easy for me to lie to myself like that as the possibility of John ever having sex with me when he was wake was very small.

Having my face just below his balls allowed me to smell his scent better than any other place on my friend's naked body. I loved his scent and I loved the way he reacted to my tongue.

After about ten minutes of licking him, I moved my tongue up and all over his balls then up and down the underside of his thick cock. I lathered his thick cock with plenty of saliva as I licked him.

I knew that I'd have to masturbate to get relief for myself after pleasing John but I was OK with that. My only objective tonight was to please my best friend and give him something he'd never experienced before. I wasn't about to give my dad any more sex tonight so masturbating was my only option.

I want tonight to be special, Johnny Boy, so that you search your entire life for the mouth that made you feel so good this one night.

I didn't quite know what to do with my mouth to please him so I just kept giving his cock wet kisses and licking it. I expected him to cum after about 15 minutes but he didn't.

I knew from earlier tonight that I could make him cum by putting pressure on his cock so I decided to squeeze his cock and I kissed and licked it.

His jumped wildly right after I started squeezing the base of his shaft. So, I licked faster.

My kisses turned into soft, wet caresses with my lips and that seemed to make him moan more.

I mouthed his cock like this, alternating with my tongue and within just a few minutes, he clenched his ass cheeks and cried out.

I was so surprised that I just put the head of his cock into my mouth, right as it begin to spurt hot, white, bitter jets of semen.

I grimaced at the taste, like I did with my dad's cum but I was determined to taste and swallow every precious drop of his cum.

It only took about 30 seconds for his cock to start to go soft in my mouth and about a minute later, his cock was completely limp in my mouth and had stopped shooting semen into my mouth.

I licked up some semen that had spilled from my mouth and landed on his blond pubic hair.

I looked up at his face. He had a small smile on his face but was still sleeping.

While I had been working John over with my mouth, I was jacking off as well but not really concentrating on my own pleasure. But, now that I had tasted his cum, it was time to get my pleasure so I began jacking off faster now.

I brought up an image of his cock exploding with semen and kept it in my mind as I worked over my own cock with my hand then it was time.

I arched my back and began to cry out as my semen splashed against John's hairy, blond chest. Wads of cum accumulated on his sexy chest and spread to his stomach.

Again, he did not wake up, even though I just now cried out with pleasure and soaked his chest with my hot cum.

I was amazed and delighted that I could show my love to him like this without ever telling him with words and never being rejected. I wouldn't learn until much later in life that doing something sexual with someone while they slept was morally wrong. For now, I enjoyed my ignorant bliss.

After about ten minutes of enjoying the sight of my cum on his chest and feeling the mild after-effects of my orgasm, I got up and went into the bathroom. I returned with a warm, wet washcloth and cleaned the boy that I loved before drifting off to sleep finally.

**