 Please go easy, this is my first submission and I apologise if anyone finds the story not grammatically correct or full of errors. I have tried to recreate the passion in a story that we enjoyed that afternoon, together. 

Feedback is very welcome.

***

So my love of golf had begun many years ago and I played regularly. I was a good player and enjoyed the sport, come rain or shine it gave me a great reason to get out, enjoy the fresh air and walk off the stresses of the week. 

As a young single guy, in my mid 20's I was active and kept myself in good shape, having a good social life and no shortage of female admirers.

Without doubt I never dreamed that what was going to happen that afternoon would take place. For many years I had thought, like most men do, about having intimate relations with other men but I lead a straight, heterosexual life and my safe lifestyle and my general safe approach to society kind of dictated that this was not going to ever change. Nobody could have would have predicted the next step.

It was the end of the week and I was free for the complete weekend and I decided to head off to the golf course to try and get a game with a similar golfer or even just play a round on my own, something I would regularly do.

As I approached the first tee there was another single player who had just tee-d off and before he walked away asked me if I was on my own and would I be interested in joining him for the round. 

"Sure why not, that would be great" I said, offering my hand, "I am Chris, pleased to meet you."

Steven and I had an amazing round of golf. 

We simply got along.

His personality was similar to mine and we hit it off, laughing and joking, enjoying each others company as we played a friendly but competitive round of golf. 

We were both matched to a very similar playing standard and played both to our strengths, matching each others shots like for like and playing a very competitive game. But as this isnt a golf story I will try no too dwell on this too much. The game was close and eventually after the last hole Steven just won the match. 

We headed back to club house and as we went I turned to Steven, 

"Let me buy you a pint, you won it after all" I offered.

"Thanks ok, that would be great," Steven replied, "I need to change first and get cleaned up."

I agreed and we headed off to the locker rooms.

As we got changed we were not far away from each other and I couldn't help but notice Steven. Now that I wasn't focused on the golf I noticed him a little closer. Possibly a little too close. He was in great shape, I later found out he was ten years my senior and at 26 I didn't think I was in bad shape but guess he was a good role model to aim to be. But I wasn't attracted to men, so not even sure why I was thinking this, but here I was. I was somewhat drawn to him. This guy was good looking and I couldn't help but admire the form before me. As I stared I found myself drawn in to him, I was transfixed and I had to pinch myself and concentrate.

"Whoa, get a grip Chris," I found myself thinking and was lost for a few seconds.

Steven headed off to the showers and I similarly followed and begun my shower, all very innocently but as the hot water cascaded over me I couldn't help but wonder why I was thinking about Steven, and what in particular about him caught my eye. 

There was no special soapy shower scene here but I simply finished my shower, trying to not think about Steven and was drawing me too him. I then headed back to get dressed to find Steven already there, towelling down in front of me. 

My god, I was transfixed and couldn't take my eyes off him. 

His body was amazing but he wasn't shy and as I looked over my eye was drawn to his perfect cock. The last time I had seen a guy this naked would have been the school changing rooms. His cock just hung perfectly, not massive but an amazing shape and it just looked so hot. I had to stop and pinch myself and get dressed, I am sure he hadnt noticed me staring but the worry was the effect it was having on me or more importantly my cock, which was fast growing in size as I tried to hide it as I dried down with the towel. 

My god, my heart was pounding as I tried not to stare back at him but he smiled as I looked over and once again I found myself looking away, nothing being said, nothing needed to be said. I was caught.My face red with embarrassment.

Trying to look away and hoping he hadn't noticed my staring or worse still my obvious arousal, pretending as if nothing had happened.

We finished getting changed and some minutes later after some final preening in the mirror we headed off to the bar to have that winners drink.

We chatted about the golf and enjoyed a beer together and after a second pint we decided to have some lunch. As we sat watching golfers finishing their rounds on the 18th green, it was clear we had uncovered something special in our new found friendship. There was a real warmth as we chatted and Steven had the warmest eyes that I couldn't help but fall into. 

What was happening, I was being drawn so close to this man, we connected together and the more we sat chatting the more I felt my attraction to him grow. What was happening?

Eventually we got chatting about relationships and our partners. I was seeing a lovely girl called Frankie who had been my girlfriend for over two years and Steven was married to his wife Kelly. 

As we talked Steven admitted, "my sex life feels like there is something missing though and sex between me and Kelly doesn't leave me satisfied." 

"How do you mean?" I asked, not sure or prepared for what was coming next.

Sitting facing me as he looked at me with this big deep blue eyes, 

"The truth is I get more pleasure from men, Chris. She doesn't know, but on occasions I have slept with other men"

"Wow!" not sure what to say "how many times have you done that?" was the best thing I could think to say.

"A few" was all he said.

Then a long pause filled the gap between us, and as he reached forward he took two fingers of my hand gently in his, my heart suddenly pounding more and more.

My god, my heart stopped beating. No correction my heart was beating so hard in my chest and my mouth was so dry, I couldn't speak. His touch was soft, unexpected but special, I was transfixed.

Nothing was said for what felt like hours but he smiled at me saying, 

"Did you like what your saw earlier?" 

I was frozen to the spot, how do I react to that. I wasn't gay I wasn't attracted to men, but I couldn't deny he was right, I was caught, he had seen me after all.

"I am sorry, I dont think, I haven't" I stumbled through my words shyly trying to deny my attraction to him.

"Its ok, I saw your reaction Chris" he smiled to me "I liked what I saw and simply wanted to see if you cared to join me for an afternoon together at mine. My wife is away until tonight and I like you Chris, what do you think?"

I was transfixed and so scared, I could hardly speak or look him in the eye.

"I am not gay, I have never been with another man before" was all I could manage to say, shaking, nervous.

"Well nor am I but I know what I like and I like you Chris, we get along and I know we could enjoy each other," still his eyes locked on me, working their magic as he leaned in and whispered,

"I promise you dont have to do anything you dont want to, and if you say no, thats ok." 

"What do you say?"

There was nothing to say, we paid the bill and we left together almost immediately. 

Never before had I wanted to be led astray so much. I followed Steven home to his house in a trance not really sure what lay ahead but wanting it and knowing it felt right. Despite the fact we were both knowingly going to be unfaithful to our partners I needed to experience this with Steven and who knows when in my life this was going to happen again, if ever.

We got out of our cars and headed inside, all the time I was looking all around and certain that curtains all along the street were twitching and knowing exactly what we would be doing. We went inside and Steven closed the door. 

"Are you ok?" he asked as he looked round to me, "can I get you a drink?"

"Errr, yes thanks, that would be good" I answered, trying not to sound too desperate but knowing it would help the nerves, and the incredible dryness in my mouth.

Steven poured two spirits into a glass and I still dont know to this day what it was but I knocked it straight back to help my rapidly beating heart. 

First times are special and I knew now I wasnt backing out. Steven knew it as well, and he asked "shall we go upstairs?" and before I could answer he took my hand and lead me upstairs.

Holding my hand tightly as we climbed the stairs and entered the bedroom, a lovely room a massive bed, the door closed behind me. 

It was real now, here I was in the bedroom with another man for the first time. My heart pounding, my mouth dry not sure what was ahead but my erect cock in my trousers clearly indicating I was ready for it.

Steven leaned in to me and stroked my face, and then followed it up with a soft warm kiss. Similar in height to each other we lent in together and our lips met. 

Oh my, was this really happening, my heart was pounding so hard. My mouth pressed to Stevens and we kissed mouths together. My eyes closed but the kiss continued and I felt myself pressing toward Steven as he pulled me to him. My hands some how decided they were going around his body as he pulled me into him. My first male kiss, the first of many. The first of many firsts today!

Pulling off me slightly Steven told me to take my shirt off and I did, quickly as I could as he did the same, and soon after I felt his hands undoing my belt before slowly dropping my trousers to the floor. 

Feeling the sudden reality of the situation I felt close to Steven and wanted him to touch and be together, at the same time feeling like a teenager as my erection forced itself outwards. I was still in shock and uncertain what was going to happen. So scared, nervous and yet so excited at the same time.

I knew I had reached the point of no return and didn't want anything else in the world.

I removed my underwear quickly and was then fully naked before him. 

Feeling very shy and very delicate as he smiled as he looked me up and down, he then moved forward. 

Slowly and teasingly in a gentle silence took my erection in his hand. Slowly touching and stroking what felt like the largest and hardest erection of my life. His touch sent shivers thru my entire body and my eyes met his I was hooked and totally under his spell. 

"Sit on the edge of the bed" he said and I did.

Eager to do as he told me, my legs open as he knelt down before me. Slowly he lowered his head towards by erect cock and slid his warm lips over the head, slowly and gently. For the first time I received a blow job from another man, it was amazing. 

Teasing the tip all around and tonguing different parts of the rim he was an expert at showing me the art. I was in heaven as his mouth sent shivers all through me, and slowly he begun to take my manhood further into his mouth and I felt my cock deeper in his throat. 

My legs widening and giving him the best possible access as he skilfully guided his lips up and down my shaft. 

"Mmmmmmmmm that feels amazing" I moaned as Steven sucked my cock between his lips. 

Slowly but surely taking me in and then out again, slurping my shaft in his warm, wet, mouth. 

Licking up and down like a child with a lollipop, he looked up to me and teased up and down the shaft, all the way to my balls before taking each one in turn gently between his lips, another new first. 

This guy was amazing and my shaft was so hard and all the time he never let go, always stroking with either soft gentle fingers or his mouth. 

His mouth returning this time with a little more force and pressure as he slid my entire seven inches of erection all the way to the back of his throat, gagging and slurping as he came off and back down again. 

And then it happened the best and yet worst thing possible.

He just sent me over the edge and I erupted my huge over excited load of warm cum into his mouth.

"Oh god, no. I am so sorry, I didn't mean to, mmmmmmmmmm" was all I kept saying as the biggest load ever erupted from my cock. 

He just kept his mouth on my cock and tried to take as much of it as he could but this was the biggest orgasm ever and it erupted from his mouth, running down his chin.

"Steven I am so sorry."

I felt like the teenager for the first time again. 

He smiled and told me "not to worry, I managed to get most of it, there was alot." he smiled.

Wiping his chin with his fingers and got up to get a towel. As he came back I was again apologetic, feeling embarrassed. 

"Will you stop, Chris" he said "Did you enjoy it?" 

To which I just smiled and nodded "uuuhmmm"

"So then, I enjoyed it and hopefully thats not the last time you cum for me" he smiled and leant into to me, pushing me back on the bed and kissing my lips.

"You taste amazing," he whispered "and I love the taste of cum," he smiled naughtily.

As he pressed his mouth to mine I tasted the definite recognisable flavour of my own cum on his lips, at first not sure but as I tasted his mouth I realised how incredibly sensual this all was. I wanted it, I wanted more. 

Now I had cum I felt more relaxed and wanted more. I started to take the control and rolled Steven onto his back, still in his trousers as I begun to unbuckle his belt this time and reveal what was still to be his offering to me. I wasted no time and had his trousers off quickly and then his underwear revealed the bulge I had previously seen earlier at the golf club, little did I know some two hours later I would be about to remove his underwear slowly, as he lay back, smiling, telling me to take my time.

How could I take my time, I wanted to see his manhood and with that I took them slowly down and out sprung his gorgeous cock. Now erect and similar in size to mine, as it sprung forward and back to his belly, I wasted no time and moved toward it and slowly ran a finger along the shaft, wanting to make it last, wanting to enjoy my first cock. A nice sized erection which I was causing. I felt so aroused and yet so naughty.

"Do you like it?" Steven asked but not getting an answer, just a slight grin. 

Holding it between my fingers and caressing its veiny, thick, erect shape. 

"Its gorgeous" I smile back up to him. 

Then without saying any more simply put my lips to the tip and kiss it, licking the tip all around and teasing as well as I can. Humming at the pleasure and hopefully to show I am enjoying it, I slide my mouth lower and take the tip into my mouth. Seeing the pleasure on his face I slide my mouth as low as I can taking as much of Steven's manhood as I can, as I slowly start my first ever blowjob.

Sliding down the shaft and managing to get about half way down as I slide off to the tip. 

Strange to get used to the movement but knowing what I like, I slowly move up and down and begin a steady rhythm. Sucking my first cock up and down, slurping slightly as my saliva coats his manhood, and seeing Steven's face giving me an indication I am doing a good job. 

Up and down I continue to go and suck his gorgeous manhood, up and down, my lips on the outside, trying as much as I can to get lower down the shaft but knowing that is a lesson for another day. Licking up and down like Steven did to me and down to his balls. First one, then another, taking them into my mouth and all around, gently humming again. Steven opening his legs wider as I do, guiding me to under his balls and I tease him, as he lays back further and his legs open. 

"Oh god, thats amazing," he moans "are you sure you havn't done this before?" 

Steven pulls his legs upwards towards his chest as his ass now becomes on show and I realise he wants more.

"Like this," I say, as I run my tongue all the way down to his asshole and tease over it, softly across the hole. Pressing my tongue against his puckered hole, gently easing inside the entrance.

"Oh god, that feels amazing. Yes Chris, yes thats it, I love that, keep going!" he moans. 

I say no more and press my tongue toward his puckered hole over and over. 

Uncertain if I am doing a good job but trying to please and feeling amazing as it happens, my own arousal growing again. Licking and tonguing around the hole and teasing its owner, a day of firsts, slipping my wet tongue over his hole, back and forth. 

Just as I think I cannot have anymore Steven pulls me up to him and as I lay on top he presses his lips to mine. We kiss and this time it feels different, so much more passion and intimacy between us. Our tongues entwined and sliding deeper between us. My cock growing hard again as it presses against his, as we lay together passionately kissing.

"Chris you are amazing" he whispers, as we lay together. 

"This is special and I need you so badly, I need you to make love to me, I want to feel your cock inside me Chris."

My cock twitches and I simply kiss harder as my response. Once again I am about to experience another first.

I watch mesmerised as Steven reaches into a drawer and opens a condom, without asking me he smiles and slides it onto my shaft down to the base, as he looks up to me and winks as I watch him.

Then he grabs a tube of lube and gently applies some onto me.

"You ok with this?' He asks.

Once again my smile gives the answer he wanted as he massages the lube up and down my erection. 

Then taking two of my fingers in his hand as he applies some extra lube onto them and slowly rubs them up and down at the same time, slowly and seductively, gently wanking my fingers.

He tells me, "use them to get me ready."

As he hands me the tube I run my fingers over his asshole and slowly ease one inside and then the second, sliding in easily, the lube letting me into the tightness. With his encouragement I push both fully inside and applying the lube, squeezing extra from the tube and rubbing it around.

At the same time Steven leans back and tells me he's ready, and I move into position between his legs. 

A little awkward at first getting the right position but then reach the right spot and Steven's legs rest on my shoulders, and he takes my cock in his hand and directs it to the target. Easing nearer I slide forward and gently press my cock into Steven, my cockhead slowly easing into his tight anus. 

Sliding in slowly and gently and a little further as Steven moans at the mutual pleasure we both are enjoying , I press as much as I can, until I am fully inside him.

"Stay there Chris" he says "does that feel ok?" 

"Its amazing, you feel so so good" I reply, trying not to smile too much.

I cannot believe what is happening but have no reservations as I slowly enjoy the moment and feeling of pure pleasure between us.

Gently I begin to ease my cock out before sliding back inside, the lube helping the smooth action as I slide from out to in, moaning in pleasure as I slowly start to fuck Stevens tight ass. 

In, out, in, out, a slow gentle rhythm.

"Mmmmmm you feel so good," I say, as I start to get into it and build a slow steady rhythm.

I reach for his cock as we rock together slowly fucking, gently wanking his cock between my fingers as I fuck Stevens tight ass. Masturbating his cock between my fingers at the same time, so hard, looking into each other's eyes.

Knowing how good he feels as we slide together, him to me as I meet him with each thrust.

"God Chris, you feel amazing," Steven moans as my fingers work on his cock and my erection plows over and over into his gorgeous asshole. 

"I am getting close, please dont stop," he says and that spurs me on even more as I wank him slightly tighter and fuck him a little quicker. 
