 I had got fed up with the noise and heat upstairs, and had drifted down to the games room on the lower level. The only light there came from the fitting over the big pool table in the middle of the room, and I had collapsed and slumped back into one of the brown leather club chairs against the wall. Everything in the wood panelled room was dark, except the hand wrapped about my exposed, hard, cock and the brightly lit green baize on the tabletop. 

I was stroking myself off in frustration. 

I had seen that blond again. Heath. God, what a romantic name that is. Only this time he had come with Casey, and I knew that I didn't have a chance of separating them.

The blond had been driving me wild with lust for a couple of months now and it was time I got over salivating for him. I was never going to get him into bed. But I get like that. I will see a guy who grabs my attention and that 's it, if he grabs my attention again the next time I see him I am fixated. I hardly notice anyone else exists until something happens between us or the obsession passes. But it was time this fixation passed, as I was obviously getting nowhere. And I was getting frustrated.

So here I was slouched in the dark, stroking off, while upstairs a small party for the friends of a well known publisher was in full swing.

I was enjoying feeling sorry for myself, and feeling myself rising to my peak.

Then he walked in. From where I was I could only see him from the neck to the crutch. His head was hidden by the light-fitting over the pool table, and the table hid everything lower down. He had come in at the opposite end of the room and stood there for a moment. 

I figured he couldn't see me at all, and even if he bent over my lap would be hidden by the pool table. So I kept my tool in my hand and just slowed down and held back, waiting for him to leave.

But he didn't. Instead he unbuttoned his shirt, and I gazed in fascination as he did so. Unbuttoning it slowly, and then opening it up to reveal a pattern of body hair that had my dick lurching. He had a chest that had muscles clearly standing out on it, accentuated by the hair on the peak of his pecs and surrounding his nipples and then running down over his stomach. He wasn't young, but he was - well he was hot. I had no idea who he was but he had taken my mind off the blond. 

"What blond?" I thought to myself, with surprise.

He tossed his shirt back onto a chair behind him, then moved languidly over to the cue rack and selected a cue. I watched him move, fascinated, with my throbbing dick still in my hand. Then he came back to the side of the table and bent over and sighted down to the balls, already set up on the table ready for the break.

I saw his face for the first time, and vaguely remembered seeing him upstairs sitting on a sofa with our host Gerald. The pair of them had looked as if they were talking seriously. Why he had ended up down here alone I had no idea. He hadn't caught my attention upstairs, but down here he had me in lust for him. If I hadn't already forgotten the blond I might have felt unfaithful to him I was suddenly so hot for the man bending over the table.

I came, just as he made a crappy shot. The balls breaking and rolling weakly across the table with nothing getting holed. He had been focused on the balls till then, but suddenly his eyes lifted and locked with mine, and he smiled. I gasped as I felt another surge of cum leave me and join the earlier one over my shirt front.

"Sorry, did I frighten you?" he asked.

"No, no. I was just getting a bit of peace and quite," I replied unsteadily, tucking myself back into my pants. Feeling messy and untidy while he looked cool and calm. 

"Do you want a game?" he asked. 

"Unm, sure," I replied, tidying myself up as well as I could before I stood up. 

"Your shot," he said smiling.

I went and picked out a cue and returned to the table, standing near him. I wanted a closer look.

"I don't play a lot," I said apologetically, though I thought I would probably be better than he was. 

I pocketed two balls before I missed one. He smiled at me, a smile to make my knees go weak, then frowned seriously as he leant over the table and lined up another ball. He sunk it with a hard decisive shot that looked surprisingly good for a man who had hardly managed to break the balls up originally. Then he sunk another, and another. And I sat back down to wait, happy to watch him move around the table and admire the way his muscles moved in his back and arms as he reached and stretched. I was already rehardening, and uncomfortable in a pleasant way.

"You play pretty well," I said. 

"Occasionally," he replied, giving me that big sexy smile again. 

Then he missed his shot, the ball bouncing off the cushion just by the pocket, and it was my turn. I looked at what was left on the table and sighed. I couldn't see an easy shot anywhere.

"Here," he said, pointing to the blue ball sitting not far from him. 

I was doubtful, but didn't have many options, and I liked the idea of moving in closer to him. I had glanced down and I was pretty sure he was more interested in my stick and balls than in the ones on the table. I accidentally brushed his mound as I looked for the right angle for my shot, then I leant over and pushed my butt back out at him and moved it from side to side.

"Try holding the cue a bit more like this," he said, taking my hand and closing his fingers around it as he moved his hips in to press against mine. 

"Now Line it up like this," he said, as he ran the other arm along my bent one. "That feels good," he said huskily, and I thought it did too.

But the stick I was thinking about wasn't the pool cue in my hands, it was the long hard one he had pressed firmly against my butt. 

"Hmm," I managed to groan quietly, as he moved his hips from side to side, and I dropped the cue. 

He didn't seem bothered. 

"How about we stop playing games," he whispered in my ear, as he pulled me around and ran his arms about my back and pulled me in to him, planting his lips on mine. 

"Fine with me," I mumbled incoherently into his mouth.

I had no problems with where this was going. Well with where I hoped it was going, as I pressed my body along the length of his, letting him feel my own growing interest. I wanted to feel his chest again mine, skin to skin, and eased back and freed my arms enough to reach my own shirt buttons. 

He realised what I was doing. And keeping our hips pressed together he leant back enough to help me with the buttons, before running his hands up and down my torso as the shirt came away. I shrugged it off and leant back in to him, joining my mouth to his again. 

The feel of his glossy hair and damp skin against mine sent electric shocks running through me. I got lost in being filled by his tongue, as he stroked my nipples and ran a hand down to my arse. Then he pulled back enough to unbutton and unzip my pants. And I did the same for him 

His pants fell to the ground and he kicked them off. I was leaning back against the edge of the table and he had to run his hands down my hips, taking my pants with them. And he was following his hands down with his mouth, until it slid over my standing tool. He had me moaning in a moment and I was running my hands over his muscular back and shoulders and through his tight curly hair as he worked me up with his experienced mouth. 

"Oh God," I moaned, as I jerked another load into his warm mouth. 

He swallowed, then came up for air. Pushing me back onto the table. My body was lit up by the pool table lights and stretched out across the green baize, before us both. And his torso from his huge standing dick to his shoulders was there, hanging before me. I lifted my legs and watched as he moved in to me. 

Then his head fell under the light's and between my spread legs, and pushing my thighs back and apart his mouth went to work on my entrance. 

I hadn't realised his fingers were so thick, and I was arching and yelping when he had wet me down and was trying them in me for size. He smiled a slitted eyed smile that said, I am going to fuck you hard and love it. 

I tried to smile back as I gasped at the way he was stretching and finger fucking me open. 

Then he was standing again, and it was the head of his cock that was being directed between my legs. My rim twitched as he rubbed the head across it, then opened easily as he pushed it in. I was well opened, but still felt pain and whimpered and oh'd and ah'd as he slowly worked himself in deeper. When he bottomed and I could feel his balls on my butt and I was feeling well stuffed. Wonderfully stuffed. And I told him so.

"Nice," he said, stroking my belly and sliding his hands up to my pecs. He was tugging at both nipples as he pulled back his cock, almost leaving my channel before he fucked back into me. Hard. 

I groaned and arched off the table. He slid a hand back to my belly and spreading his palm there pressed me back down. 

I let him. I was loving looking down my body to watch his tool as it moved in and out of me. The pain had gone and he worked me gently for a few minutes till I was stroking myself and throbbing and moaning loudly. Then he changed his rhythm and worked me in deep and long strokes for a while. I came again shooting up my belly and chest, and he came too. I felt him lurch inside me and stop plowing, as he filled me with his cream. 

I relaxed back onto the table and realised I was lying with half a dozen balls under me and that they hurt. I moved about to get them out and get more comfortable.

"Any chance of another game?" I asked him.

He bent down and came in under the light, bringing his face to mine, and our mouths met as I wrapped my legs around his hips. 

"I think Heath wants a game first," he said. 

And I wondered what he meant until he pulled away, unwrapping my legs and pushing them back up. Then another torso moved between them. I went to sit up but a head ducked under the lights and I saw the blond looking at me with a ready to fuck smile. 

"Hey," I said, amazed.

"I thought you'd better get him out of your system before I take you on," the man who had just fucked me so well said.

"What?" I said annoyed. 

I might have been insane about Heath a couple of hours before but now I couldn't have cared if the blond had the worlds biggest cock and could fuck all night.

"The names, Rod," my pool opponent said, leaning in and starting another kiss as the blond's cock entered my well opened, well lubed passage and began stroking it expertly. I whimpered and moaned as Rod's tongue invaded me and his hand returned to pressing on my belly.

The blond's fuck was fine, but nothing like as good as the one Rod gave me when the blond had finished and left.

Rod sat on the edge of the table and pulled me up and planted me on his cock, sinking it deeper than before. He was supporting me as I arched back and used my thighs to work myself on him, deep, shallow, fast, slow, holding on till my arse quivered and spasmed making him fill me again. He softened inside me as we kissed.

"So, are you over the blond?" he asked, between sucking on my now sore and oversensitive, abused nipples and my soft cock.

"Whose blond? What blond?" I wondered out loud. 

He took me home and draped me forwards over the back of a chair in front of a tall mirror and I watched him stroking in and out of my arse for a long time. Going even deeper than he had before, as I stroked myself to another ejaculation.

We both collapsed in his bed exhausted and tangled up, arms, legs and bodies crossed over each other. Then some time during the night I woke on my belly moaning and spouting into the mattress. His thighs were wrapped around mine holding them close together as his arm encircled my chest and his long cock slipped in and out of me. I drifted off again, waking in the morning on my side with him still buried inside me. 

I realised it was Saturday. "Can I stay like this all weekend?" I asked in fun, but really wanting to.

"I hope so," he growled, "If you don't, you'll ruin my weekend."

I felt him starting to fill again inside me and moaned happily. If I had any other plans I had forgotten them.