 Chapter One: Something about Him

I hadn't picked up a hitchhiker since I was in my twenties, but there was something about the young man standing at the entrance to the Adirondack Northway that made me stop. The boy looked so young and innocent that I was afraid for his safety, and these days who knows what might happen to a kid who looked so timid and frail.

He had been holding a cardboard sign with bold black lettering that said PLATTSBURGH, NY and when he saw that I had stopped, he made a mad dash for my car, his backpack swinging wildly beside him as he ran.

"Oh man, thanks!" he said as he climbed in the front seat. "It's hotter than hell out there."

I could feel the heat from his body as he sat beside me, the result of the 90 degree temperature outside, which was probably made even more oppressive my the concrete all around him as he had stood waiting for a ride.

"Over an hour," my passenger explained. "Usually I get picked up pretty quick but today - I dunno."

"Well, I can take you all the way to where you're going, because I'm going beyond Plattsburgh."

"Awesome man," the kid chirped excitedly. "I can give you some gas money."

"That's okay," I told him. "I'm glad to have the company."

"My name is Paul," he said by way of introduction, and over the course of the next 100 miles or so we managed to find out a lot about each other.

Being over 30 years his senior, I thought at first that we would have little in common, but that wasn't the case, and the conversation flowed nicely.

Paul was 19, and was going to be a sophomore at the State University at Plattsburgh. He played soccer, which was something I had also done in my youth. Paul was wearing cut off jeans, and I could see the powerful calf muscles that stood out on his otherwise slender frame.

I also noticed, and tried to ignore, the fine dusting of golden hairs that lined the insides of those muscular calves as well, but ignoring was easier said than done. Paul might have noticed my occasional glances in that direction, but if he did he didn't let on that he had.

He reminded me so much of myself when I was his age, so trusting and naive, and blessed with a baby face that made him look younger than his 19 years. I suspected that he would face many of the same things I had, and could only hope that he managed to get through them as well as I had.

At some point the subject of girls came up, and that seemed to silence Paul for a bit. I didn't press the subject, and after a few more miles he cleared his throat to speak.

"When you picked me up - don't get mad or anything - but I thought you might be gay," Paul said finally. "Then I saw your wedding ring."

"Oh, yes, I've been married for over 20 years," I explained. "Why?"

"Well, if you were - I mean - that would be okay," he said, brushing his light brown hair from the front of his face. "I get hit on a lot by gay men."

"I can understand that," I said. "You look quite like I did at your age," I told him. "I looked very young and was very naive - much more so that you seem to be. I wasn't nearly as confident as you are. I was more a wallflower. Very confused about myself."

"You don't seem to be that way now."

"No, I overcame that," I said. "As a matter of fact, I was hitchhiking to college myself when a very kind and understanding elderly man gave me a lift, and that man changed my life forever." 

"How so?"

"Well, I was a pretty messed up kid. I had a lot of issues regarding my body, and he showed me that a lot of things that you think are important really aren't. He drove me hundreds of miles out of his way, let me stay in his motel room and gave me a bus ticket for the rest of my trip."

"That was cool of him," Paul said. "Was he gay?"

"Yes."

"Oh," Paul said. "Did he..."

"Yes."

There was a silence of a mile or so, and wanting to set Paul's mind at ease, I spoke again.

"Say, I didn't tell you that story to freak you out. I'm not going to seduce you like he did me," I said.

"Oh," Paul said with a sigh, and after another pregnant pause, added, "Too bad."

...

Chapter Two: Drive.

I somehow managed to keep the car on the road after Paul said that, but it was obvious that he had noticed my reaction to his comment.

"Sorry," Paul said. "Guess I was the one freaking you out."

"No, that's alright," I assured him.

"Kind of got a thing for older men," Paul told me.

"I did too at your age," I said.

"How old are you, Tim?" Paul asked. "Forty?"

"I wish," I said. "I'm 53."

"You don't look it."

"Like I told you, when I was young I had features much like you do, so I was still getting proofed at bars until I was in my middle 30's."

"That man that seduced you," Paul said. "Was that the only time you were with a guy?"

"No," I laughed. "As a matter of fact, my wife is the only woman I've ever been intimate with. Other than her, it's been all men."

"Does she know?"

"About my liking men? Yes. As a matter of fact, I tried to get her into a threesome not long ago. She chickened out, but had no problem watching me and the other guy. She said it even excited her."

"That's awesome. You're lucky."

"I know," I agreed. "Kara is a wonderful woman and I love her with all my heart."

"You said that when you were my age, you had issues about your body," Paul said. 

"I was very self-conscious about my - let's call it lack of manliness," I said. "At the time I was a little pudgy, and very small."

"Tell me about it," Paul said. "You look taller than me. I'm 5'6" if I stretch."

"I didn't mean small that way," I said.

"Oh."

"I don't suppose," I said, pausing to clear my throat before continuing. "Don't suppose you have that problem, do you?"

"Uh, no," Paul said. "I mean, I guess I'm pretty average."

"I don't care about that," Paul said, and as he spoke I felt his left hand move onto my lap.

The roadway was fairly deserted, but I concentrated with all my might on my driving while Paul's hand searched around for my dick through my pants.

"Not even close," I chuckled as he fumbled around futilely for a bit before giving up.

"I don't want us to get in an accident," Paul said. "When we get to Plattsburgh, would you want to - go to my apartment. I room with a couple of other guys but they probably won't be there until later in the week."

"I'd like that," I said.

"Hope you don't think I'm weird, but I don't do anything but hands and mouth," Paul explained.

"Fine by me," I told him, and as I smiled I put my hand on his thigh.

"Ooh," Paul moaned.

"That wasn't too tough to find," I said when my hand found the bulge in his jeans, which felt more substantial than he had let on.

"I got hard listening and talking to you," Paul said as he squirmed. "Better stop or I'll cum."

"You mean stop the car or stop touching you?"

...

Chapter Three: Paul's place.

Paul's apartment was in a rather depressed part of town, and as we got out of the car and headed up the stairs I noticed the wet stain on the front of his jeans. A drool-er, just like me, I thought to myself, yet another thing we had in common as I noticed a little moist bit in the front of my khakis.

"Please don't be here yet," Paul mumbled as he fumbled with the key, and I added an silent amen to that, because I was probably even hornier than he was.

"Hello," Paul yelled as we entered the spartan living room, and when nobody answered I followed him down the hall and into his bedroom.

"Never made the bed when I left in June," Paul said apologetically.

"Save us the trouble of messing it up," I said as I moved the lad against the wall and pulled his t-shirt over his head.

His skin was almost as pale as my own, and his slender upper torso was nearly hairless as my own as well, except for the generous tufts of golden brown hair that sprouted from his armpits. My mouth nibbled on his nipples, even darting over to give his furry armpit a swipe of my tongue before I sank to my knees and unbuckled his belt.

His jeans shorts dropped to the floor on their own, and as they did my eyes devoured the sight of his white BVDs and the bulge that his manhood created, with a massive pre-cum stain covering the front of the cotton.

"Average?" I said softly as my one hand traced the snake that was flattened to his right while my other rubbed his balls.

Sweat was pouring down my face, as much from seeing this young man's beautiful body as from the humidity in the room, and my hands were a bit shaky as I took the elastic and gingerly pulled the briefs out and down off of Paul.

Paul's cock sprang out of the confinement wildly as the underwear came down. His cock was beautiful; the beige circumcised penis as hard a blue steel as it swayed in my face. The skin on the underside of his manhood was stretched to the limit, and the fat vein that wound down the shaft seemed to be pulsating as I inhaled the musky aroma of his sex.

I took his cock in hand down by the base, my fingers raking into the golden bush above it, and kissed the gooey tip of his dick. While he wasn't overly thick, he had to have at least 6", which on his frame looked quite impressive, and his balls were healthy specimens as well. 

Paul shuddered as I took his cock into my mouth, and as my lips slid down all the way until my nose was nestled in his pubes, he warned me that he was going to cum.

My reaction was merely to grab onto his butt and keep him deep in my mouth as I felt him spurt his seed down my throat. His cock kept twitching, but I held on tight and let his cum slide right down my throat. 

For a moment I thought I was going to choke, as Paul kept on cumming and cumming, but I managed to keep swallowing until at last his cock began to go limp in my mouth.

"That was so good, Tim," Paul said, running his hand s through my hair. "I came so hard."

"I know," I grinned as I got to my feet, and by the time I was straightening up Paul was already unbuttoning my shirt. He had me stripped down to my boxers before I knew what hit me, and I barely had time to brace myself when he tugged my boxers down.

Even after all these years, I still had a moment of trepidation when my underwear came down for the first time in front of somebody. Silly, I suppose, because I had only gotten a couple of negative reactions in my lifetime, but nonetheless I watched Paul's face for his reaction as my dick came into view.

To my relief, while Paul had a brief initial reaction of surprise when he saw that I was just as small as I had told him I was, he leaned forward and kissed to acorn-shaped glans before looking up at me.

"Bet you'll last longer than I did," Paul said just before his mouth enveloped my little boner.

"Don't bet on it," I grunted as his moist lips worked up and down my dick, and while it was true that I didn't cum right away, I came quickly, spraying my load into Paul's mouth in less than a minute.

"Now that we got that out of the way," I said, helping Paul up to his feet long enough to get over to the bed. "We can relax."

...

Chapter Four: Paul's bed

I stayed at Paul's for about 3 hours, and in that time we managed to pretty much saturate his bedding with our cum. Being with such a virile and good looking young man was so exhilarating that I found myself not only able to keep up with Paul, but even outlast him, something that did not go unnoticed by him.

"Tim, you're almost three times my age," Paul exclaimed as he looked up at me while I massaged him tenderly. "How do you do it. Is it Viagra?"

"No," I said. "I guess that I've been blessed in some ways, maybe to make up for my shortcomings in others."

"You aren't that small," Paul said, holding his limp cock up against my erection, and even with him being flaccid he was still a little longer and thicker than me.

"Yes I am," I said, shivering as our cocks rubbed together. "But that's okay. Still works, and that's all I care about."

"It sure does," Paul said, noticing my reaction to his moving his cock into mine. "You like that?"

I nodded, watching our cock heads rub together, and Paul kept doing it, even beginning to get a little life back into his member.

"You're going to cum, aren't you?" Paul asked, and when I nodded Paul took my dick and squished it hard against the tip of his cock.

"Cum for me Tim. Cum all over us."

I did, making a rather large mess when you consider that this was the fourth time I had cum that afternoon, and after I was spent, Paul continued to rub us together.

"Feels like you're getting ready for another go," I suggested, reaching down and feeling his semi-turgid member for myself.

"I dunno," he said.

"We'll see about that," I said, rolling him onto his back and cleaning his tool with my mouth before getting down to business. 

My hands ran all over Paul's body while I sucked his slowly stiffening cock, and although it took me quite a while to get him off, I was determined to finish him off. After he did, his body writhing in the bedding while he ejaculated into my throat for the fourth and final time that day, he declared that he was dead.

"I'm drained," Paul said, wiggling his limp dick around before giving me a hug. "I'll bet you aren't done though."

"Afraid so," I said. "Got to get going home."

"Too bad," Paul said. "You're an awesome dude."

"So are you," I told him. "I've never been an awesome dude before, so this is a special day all around."

I got myself cleaned up a bit and got dressed, with Paul escorting me to the door with only a towel wrapped around him.

"No sense getting dressed," Paul explained. "I think I'll sleep forever after that."

"I'm glad I stopped to give you a ride," I told him before leaving. 

"Me too," Paul said. "You know, I don't usually do this..."

He leaned toward me and kissed me gently on the lips, smiling as he backed away.

"Have a great life," I told him.

"If you're ever in the neighborhood..."

I nodded and waved as I left, knowing I would probably never take him up on the offer. It was a wonderful afternoon that should stay as a nice memory for a young guy who had a lifetime of new things to explore, just like most of my youthful adventures had been for me.

Driving back down the Northway toward my home and retracing much of the journey I had made in an effort to spend time with my young friend, I had to laugh when I thought about how funny it was that I had done exactly the same thing to Paul that Walt had done for me over three decades ago. Life can be a circle sometimes.

...

thanks for reading