 I'd seen him several times before, at Gerald's house and at literary do's. Networking, circulating. I'd even spoken to him a couple of times, when we had both been standing about in the same group talking business. He was a nice looking, rather sweet guy. He had always had a certain appeal about him, but I hadn't been looking for appeal then. I had deliberately not remembered who he was.

Now he was standing off to one side at the party and looking rather sad. Watching Casey and his new boyfriend Heath. The object of my attention had stopped being social when they had turned up, then he'd casually moved up to them, but smiling like an idiot, obviously keen on the blond hunk, Heath. They had moved on quickly, leaving him there.

Well even I knew he wasn't going to get far with Heath. Casey was a very successful agent and the blond had a book coming out, thanks principally to Casey's legendary ability to turn anything into a best seller if he was motivated enough. And according to the grapevine the blond definitely had Casey motivated. And he wouldn't be risking his future for the sweet guy mooning over him. 

"Who is that?" I asked Gerald. 

"Who?" he asked. 

"The attractive dark haired man, over there. I've seen him here before. The one who's obviously keen on Heath."

"Oh, Clarke? He is a very good editor. Does a lot of freelance work for my company."

"Oh. And?"

"And, what?"

" Anything I should know?"

Gerald suddenly turned his attention full on me. "Clarke?" he queried, in surprise. 

I shrugged, "Maybe. I'm curious anyway. I like a man who isn't afraid to get involved. And I like the look of him. Nice body."

"Clarke?" Gerald said again, arching his eyebrows. "Well. I knew you were missing Lucas since he went to London, but Clarke isn't the man for a casual fling."

"Lucas has found the woman of his dreams." I replied dryly.

"Woman?" Gerald replied in amazement.

I shrugged again. "He always wanted a family, children. This woman seems to love him and be happy for him to play both sides, as long as he takes precautions and gets tested regularly. And her clock is ticking and she wants to stay home and play mother, which suits him fine. They are getting married next week. So no more Lucas." I said calmly, having after 3 months got over the worst of the emotional roller coaster his announcement had set me on. "And I am getting lonely. And I am not into casual flings either, as you know Gerald."

Gerald was looking shocked. I hadn't been really. I had known how much Lucas wanted kids, and I hadn't really been into the adoption or surrogate thing. And more importantly I didn't see either of us playing mother well enough to raise any child properly. 

"So. Clarke," I said, and turned to find him again but couldn't. "Damn," I said suddenly feeling lost, "Where is he?" I asked, looking about with increasing annoyance. It wasn't often a man grabbed my attention the way Clarke had.

"I think he went downstairs," Gerald replied vaguely, obviously still in shock and trying to digest the latest news. 

"Well then, I might just go downstairs too." 

I got up off the sofa Gerald and I had been sitting chatting on, and went and said a few words to Casey about the latest project I knew he wanted desperately from me. And then I slowly made my way down stairs.

I checked the bathroom down there and found it empty, and then the small gymnasium, but that was empty too, which only left the big Pool room. 

I wandered in casually, and looked about without looking as if I was. In the dark with only the Pool Table lights on, it was hard to see anything, but I knew he had to be there if he was anywhere downstairs. I worked hard to keep a good body and it was hot down there so I unbuttoned my shirt slowly, eased it off and threw it back on to one of the leather club chairs that lined the dark timber panelled walls. 

My eyes were getting well adjusted to the dark as I went to the rack and selected a cue. 

I returned to the table and set up for the break and leant over the table. That was when my eye caught a movement in the shadows on the opposite side of the room. I heard a faint gasp and noticed the slight shaking of the shadow. And just as I made the shot I realised what the shadow, Clarke, was up to. Clarke had come downstairs to jerk off. I muffed the shot completely in my surprise and almost laughed at the situation.

I looked up directly at him as the balls meandered aimlessly across the green baize. 

"Sorry, did I frighten you?" I asked.

Clarke jerked about, obviously tidying himself up as he mumbled a reply. "No, no. I was just getting a bit of peace and quiet," he said.

"Do you want a game?" I asked. 

"Unm, sure," he replied, with unexpected enthusiasm.

"Your shot then," I said, smiling at him as he stood up. 

He went and picked out a cue and returned to the table and came and stood much closer to me than he needed to. I was surprised again. I looked at him and saw a shy look of lust in his face and realised he was interested already. So much for not being interested in a casual fling I thought. Maybe Gerald was wrong and Clarke was interested in a casual fuck if he couldn't get the blond tonight. I wondered about that, but decided it wasn't worth wondering about.

"I don't play a lot," he said apologetically. 

Given my break he could hardly be worse I thought, but I hadn't come down there to play pool anyway.

He made a couple of good shots and sunk two balls, but then missed the next one. I knew he wasn't great but I hate begin beaten and I was now focused.

I sunk three balls in succession before I snapped out of it. Clarke had sat down and was smiling lazily as he watched me. I noticed he was watching me. Very good. But clearing the table was probably not going to help me seduce my opponent. I had shown him I could play, and now I managed not to sink the next shot.

"Your turn," I said, and when he looked at the rather poor collection of options he had I stepped in with some helpful advice and a little hands on training. 

I was definitely interested in him and had no doubt he would have noticed. I was sure I could see his interest.

I pointed out the blue ball and eased in behind him planting my obvious interest against his butt. And I ran a hand down to his on the cue and wrapped my other arm about his body to his other arm. I rubbed my interest into him firmly, moving slowly from side to side. He gave a little jump and dropped the cue.

"Hmm" I moaned softly and turned him towards me, bringing him into a kiss, my mouth meeting his and my tongue being let in to explore his. He had the idea.

My interest met his interest, and they rubbed against each other and generated even more interest, as we ground our bodies together and I sunk my tongue possessively into his mouth. 

His hands were moving and I pulled back leaving his sweet mouth and looking down his torso to our joined hips as he began to unbutton his shirt. I helped him and in a moment his moist skin was pressed firmly to mine, our bodies slipping against each other over the dusting of silky hair. 

Then it got a bit more frantic and my pants fell to the ground and I kicked them off as I slid my hands under his waistband and pushed his pants down to the floor. My mouth was following down his body, catching his very nice dick as it popped up, free at last. I swallowed it and explored it thoroughly with my tongue and mouth as it firmed even more. Not huge, but nice, and ready, and I swallowed his cum as he came with nice moans, his hands running over me in a very nice way. 

I came up and he wrapped his legs about my thighs letting me know he wanted to draw me in, and I was more than willing I pushed him back onto the table, his body now fully lit, every hair and pore visible as he looked down it's length to me. He lifted his legs up and wide, exposing himself , and he held them back as I knelt and drew my tongue over the puckered, brown, hair rimmed smudge at his entrance.

I ran my tongue over it feeling it twitch, then teased into it, wetting it down liberally. I have thick fingers and have known men who thought they were filling enough on their own. Clarke was obviously willing to be filled and I got the first finger in easily and added more moisture to ease the next. I stood again looking down his body watching him arch and feeling his passage undulate as I sunk two fingers into him deeply. And I rotated them and found the spot to rub. He arched again and groaned loudly. The third finger I added because I wanted to. He whimpered and opened himself wider and I twisted inside him making him arch high. His mouth gaping as he moaned, "Yes, yes." And I smiled down at him, my cock throbbing with the need to get in where my fingers were.

I stroked the head of my cock over his entrance and his loose rim twitched and opened for me. I slid my cap into him, then he was whimpering and feeling the stretching and filling I was giving him as I moved in slowly, giving him time to take me, to enjoy each step.

When I bottomed he moaned, and held my eyes with his.

"God I'm stuffed," he sighed, "More," he said, "Fuck me please, now" 

He obviously liked the feel of my cock buried deep inside him and the feeling was mutual. And I had no doubt that I was going to fuck him, and I ran my hands up his body and tweaked his nipples and tugged at them as I pulled almost out of him. Then I drove back in, hard, to the hilt.

Clarke cried out and almost lifted off the table, his body arched so much. I slid a hand back to his belly and spreading my fingers there pressed him back to the table.

"Nice " I said, seeing his filling tool and feeling his breathing. 

I wondered vaguely if he was thinking about the blond still as I began to fuck him. Then I forgot everything but my cock stroking his arse, until he came up his belly. I came quickly for me, too quickly, but I'd heard Casey and Heath arriving. And thinking of what would happen next was too much.

Clarke had wrapped his thighs around me and relaxed back onto the table and finally realised he was lying with half a dozen balls under him, which must have hurt.

He moved about to get them out and get more comfortable, and I leant forward and helped him.

"Any chance of another game?" He asked me.

I bent down and came in under the light, bringing my face to his and our mouths met as he wrapped his legs around my hips again. 

"I think Heath wants a game first," I said. 

I slipped out and motioned Heath to take my place. He stepped in between Clarke's thighs and I watched as his cock disappeared into the nicely stretched and wet hole I had just left.

"What? Hey," Clarke said, confused.

"I thought you'd better get him out of your system before I take you on," I replied. "Oh, and my names Rod." I added, as I leant in under the lights for a deep kiss with Clarke's arms wrapping themselves about me as Heath plowed him. 

When Heath had come he slipped out and left, with Clarke hardly seeming to notice. Which was all good. 

I pulled Clarke up, and sitting myself back on the table I had him kneel over my lap then lowered him down onto my pole. The stretching Heath and I had given his passage and the cum we had both left inside there felt good. And they helped me to slip in easily. But once it was buried my pole was still making Clarke moan at how well he was being filled. 

And I decided that filling Clarke would be an ideal way to spend the weekend. It was nearly a year since Lucas had gone and now I had found a man I really wanted to take home and fuck, and I was suddenly horny. 

Suddenly, very, very horny. 

Clarke rode my cock imaginatively as I held him to me, with a hand on his belly and another worrying his nipples and my mouth locked to his. And I shot up into him and once my cream was inside him I asked, "Are you over the blond?"

"What blond?" he asked dreamily, as a bit of my cum leaked out of him around my shrinking cock. "Who's blond?"