 This is a short work of erotic fiction containing furry, or anthropomorphic, characters, which are animals that either demonstrate human intelligence or walk on two legs, for the purposes of these tales. It is a thriving and growing fandom in which creators are prevalent in art and writing especially.

****

Playing with Portals

The Demon Takes the Spoils

"Hey, Fyr?"

The dragoness groaned, rolling her eyes as she sprawled across the sofa.

"What? Good lord does my back ache! Can't you stop being so lazy for just a few minutes and put those tentacles to use?"

Her demon husband, Ropes, smirked and shook his head slowly. It was a common argument, if one could even call it that, for the two of them to have in their living room, though Fyr was the one, for once, who had duly over-exerted herself regardless of her penchant for working on the ranch. The ranch house was everything they'd ever wanted, offering privacy and seclusion to do just as they pleased. What more could a demon and his wife, after all, need?

Well, sex and plenty of it, for a start. And, despite his reclusive nature, Ropes was a cougar who did so seem to get bored rather more often than not. Why, earlier that day, Fyr had caught him playing with portals and goaded him on to find the human world and his human self, a being that thought that furries were but artwork and costumes and donned a costume of the cougar himself! Still, the weirdness of it all hadn't stopped her from leaping through the portal herself to fuck his human self. Best to take on all opportunities that came her way, after all, surely?

Ropes, however, had been the one to fuck her harder and more brutally than his human self, putting his demonic strength and stamina to good use as he pounded her over the arm of the sofa, on all fours before the unlit fireplace and on her back on the rug. There was hardly a position that he did not take her in that day and, even as sunset drew its crimson and orange arm across the sky outside the large, open windows, the cougar's cock was still hard and ready for more even.

Fyr, on the other hand, was feeling the burn of so much sex a little more, her craving for a shower greater than her desire for her husband. Now that was a rare occurrence indeed!

"What?" Ropes drawled, tracing the curve of her cheek with just the tip of one of his tentacles, still with her sweet aroma clinging to the green flesh. "You don't like getting pounded every which way now? That doesn't sound like my wife at all!"

Fyr groaned and flung an arm over her eyes.

"Sure I do, sugar, but there's a limit too!" Shivering, she squirmed and tried to work out the kinks, or at least some of them, in her sore muscles. "Shame Helly's not about, I could pawn you off on her for a bit."

Ropes rumbled a growl, bobbing his muzzle in agreement. They had a rather open-minded family, it had to be said, and he wouldn't have said no to fucking his crimson-scaled daughter, fingers twisting into her luxurious mane of yellow hair as she squealed and cried out his name, just for the lust of his driving cock.

The cougar licked his lips. Yes, he'd have to have Helena again next time she was home. That wouldn't be long, however, since she was only off visiting friends. She was always more randy when she came back from a span of not getting her needs fulfilled too.

All the better for him.

"Mmm, well, I could wait until Helly gets back," he murmured softly, slipping his tentacles down around her breasts. "Or I could just flip you over and cram your tail hole full of my cock here too. I really don't mind which one of my sexy dragonesses I get to take today."

Fyr shivered and wavered on the edge of giving in, moaning softly as her husband's tentacles played with her breasts with a great deal more dexterity than fingers. She arched her back, eyes half-lidded and, for a moment, he relished in the thrill of victory, another sexual conquest feeding his demonic lust.

It was not to be, although it was not sadly so by any means.

"I know!" Fyr shot upright, a devilish grin stretched across her muzzle. "I've had that human guy that's another self of yours - but let's just see what my human self looks like!"

Ropes blinked, lips stretching into a slow, lazy grin.

"And you wouldn't mind if I went and fucked them too, would you?"

Fyr grinned.

"Hey, I think the monogamy ship sailed long ago with us, if it even existed to begin with."

He chuckled and shook his head, perching on the edge of the sofa beside her as his cock rose to full attention, the shaft hard and ready from the allure of what was to come. Even as he opened a portal with a flick of one tentacle, his mind ran wild. His eyes dropped to Fyr's breasts and the cougar groaned, imagining just how those would look in human form, the milky skin tipped with perfect, pink nipples. Scales were nice, but sometimes a demon liked to taste a different flavour, which wasn't a bad thing in the slightest either!

"Yes, hon," he murmured, distracted by her body and the thoughts of what body was to come to him. "Now... Do you think Fyr will be at the same convention as me?"

Pursing her lips, the dragoness nodded just the once, definitely.

"Yeah, why wouldn't I be? Curtis knew about me and what I looked like, it wasn't as if he didn't recognise me or something."

The cougar didn't answer, instead scrolling through rooms in the hotel, tentacles flicking back and forth on either side of his head as if they too were curious about what was going on.

"Now... Can't be far..."

He muttered to himself as Fyr rolled her eyes and scooted in closer, shivering as some of his cum trickled out from her pussy, a delightful reminder of everything he had done to add to that first load of cum in her pussy.

"Aha!" Ropes grinned and jabbed a tentacle at the portal. "That's you!"

Leaning in to peer through the shimmering portal, the edges seeming to waver as she got closer, Fyr made a face and wrinkled her nose.

"She's in suit though," she grumbled. "And, gawd, that thing is so plush and fluffy! Why don't I have scales? Anyone would bake if they paraded around in that much fake fur!"

Chuckling, Ropes bumped her gently with his shoulder.

"Well, it's their fantasy, I guess. I don't know, you can't control or really pass judgement on what goes on in other worlds. What we do and live here is probably just as weird to them, you know."

Fyr tilted her head so far to the right that her cheek nearly touched her shoulder.

"No, I don't know, but I'll take your word for it here."

But Ropes was hardly listening, staring at the dragoness suit as if hungry for what lay beneath. The tip of his tail curled back and forth as the cougar sighed his prey, lusting after another form of his wife. Just what did she look like? The fursuit was a little too cute to be sexy but it had captured her likeness well enough, right down to the ear-frills and the yellow stripes arcing around her sides.

Casting a look to the wife beside him, Ropes fluttered a tentacle at her as if in farewell, although the grin on his muzzle told him that he would be returning to her for a more familiar kind of fun regardless of what he found elsewhere. It was their little deal, after all, one more way for the two of them to have fun.

And then he was gone, moving the tentacle to an empty room set off for the convention breakfast - or at least part of it. It was one of the biggest conventions, to his knowledge, in the human world when it came to furries and there were plenty of quiet spaces away from the main thoroughfares of traffic and socialisation for him to appear. Jumping into the centre of the room laid out with tables (sans cutlery for the time being), Ropes shook out his fur to make it fluff up just a little bit more and adjusted his portal so that only he and Fyr could see it.

"Stay tuned, darling," he drawled back at his wife peering through the portal with a familiar kind of hunger in her eyes. "I'll do my best to put on quite the show for you!"

Blowing him a kiss, the dragoness grinned and waved him on, her blessing, if it was really all that important, well and truly given.

With that done, Ropes stiffened his tentacles into the shape of the ones on the suit of his human counterpart, his lower jaw hanging as if he had fixed it permanently open. It wouldn't fool anyone if they got up close and personal with him but it would do him well enough to get him through the con while he followed Fyr back to wherever her hotel room was.

Making as if to stride out, the cougar laughed suddenly and snapped his fingers.

"Oh, wait..."

There was one thing that he couldn't hide in his current condition but, luckily, demons could open more than one portal than once to get what they needed.

Opening a second, he reached through and grabbed a pair of jeans off his bed at home, slipping them onto his legs before continuing on. Imagine the looks he would have gotten if he'd walked out into the middle of the convention with his cock on show! Ropes shuddered. Wait, that one didn't quite bear thinking about. Definitely not a route he needed his mind to go down at that time.

He had something far more entertaining to set his sights on. Holding his tentacles up in position, he fixed his grin and did his best not to blink as he strode out into the main convention area, a huge, open atrium with plenty of natural light. There were many, many furries in suits posing for photographs with the best features of their suits accentuated - so many, in fact, that one could slip through the crowd nearly unnoticed.

Even if they were in a very, very realistic suit. Ropes swallowed and tried to make the motion imperceptible, acutely conscious of just how he needed to swallow. Every little movement that wasn't natural in a fursuit was highlighted as he sweated and mooched his way through the crowd.

Where to start? He had to find Fyr somewhere but all that he knew was that she wasn't in her hotel room as that had been the first thing he'd checked before popping into the breakfast room to tail the dragoness - a quick look at the room assignments from Con Ops was all that bit of sleuthing had taken to make sure he hadn't missed her. That left the rest of the con and the overflow hotels too to search and he only knew where she'd started.

Well, he'd have to find her somewhere and swiftly too. He was starting to get second looks and cameras in his face, the urge to blink rising and rising with every passing second.

Damn it...

"New suit, Ropes? Looking good!"

A blonde man with hair curling around his ears grinned and held up his hand for a high five. Only pausing for a second, the cougar slapped his fluffy paw against the human one, barely breaking stride as he kept his jaws parted in an eerily fixed grin.

Ah! There she was again! Not far from where he'd left her! Fyr rose from the crowd, tall and crimson, and he locked onto her with the intent of a true predator and demon. That was one of the reasons that no human would ever match up to what he was able to give her.

"Hope you're ready for a show," he murmured back into the portal hovering behind him, ever present just to make sure that Fyr got to see every last sordid detail. "I'll do my best for you."

His best, however, was a given and the words were purely for show as he followed Fyr through the crowd and up the stairs where the arrows and numbers denoted the hotel rooms. She had to be close to the main hotel areas if she wasn't going for the elevators and his step quickened to keep pace with her as her long stride carried her far more swiftly through the convention in the suit than he would have expected from a human who was, most likely, pretty damn hot and sweaty by that point.

As Fyr swiped a room card into the lock, Ropes charged after her, dropping the pretence as he took larger strides to ensure he could duck into the room after her. The door was swinging closed after her tail as he huddled in behind, tucking his tail out of the way as the door clicked into place with the two of them on the right side of it.

"Hey there," he growled, lips curling up wickedly just a little bit. "Didn't think I was going to catch up with you back there."

Fyr spun about to face him with a small jump, though he couldn't tell with the large suit head on top of hers whether or not she was surprised to see him there or not.

"Cat?" The voice from within the suit was muffled. "I thought you were going to the photo shoot?"

Ropes purred and shook his head, resisting the urge - not quite yet - to lick his lips and work out some of the stiffness from his jaw.

"No, I thought I'd come back here and spend some time with you," he said, though it was easier said than done to keep the majority of movement out of his jaws. "Isn't that part of the point of these conventions, after all?"

A chuckle came from within the dragoness suit, deeper than Ropes would have expected from the human version of Fyr.

Interesting...

"Yeah, meeting up and all that. That's the point of getting all of us together in one place."

Clearly, the implications had gone straight over Fyr's head but that was okay as her head was coming off right at that very moment. Raising her paws to either side of her head, Fyr grasped the horns and tipped forward, dragging the dragon head up and off...

...His head.

Ropes blinked and took a step back, shaking his head as if that would somehow serve to clear his vision. For there was no woman standing before him and neither was she a dragoness! A man stood before him with dark hair, grumbling as he popped out his contacts in search of a pair of glasses.

"What the hell?"

The man blinked at him, eyes cast over with confusion as he saw the cougar before him, at last, clearly. The vision in fursuits, after all, was not well known for its quality except in ones that 'broke the magic', so to speak, so it made sense that he hadn't quite twigged things were amiss even with one of his closest friends beforehand.

"Wait, that's not your usual suit?" He stepped up to take a closer look, curiosity replacing confusion as he smiled. "Why didn't you tell me that you commissioned another one? That's awesome!"

"That's because it's not a suit!" Ropes growled, dropping the pretence as his tentacles flailed, eyes flashing white. "And you're not a woman either! What the hell, Fyr?"

"What?"

The dragoness who was not a dragoness took a step back, concern flashing across his expression.

"How the... If you're not in a suit then what are you?"

Ropes would have answered, although it would have been nothing polite, if not for the peals of laughter echoing through the portal. It was lucky that only he could hear it as Fyr was busy rolling across their living room floor in peals of laughter. Clutching at her sides, the dragoness howled with mirth and squirmed like a snake, tail slapping the sofa as she knocked her shoulder into the coffee table. She barely seemed to feel it, however, as Ropes gaped back at her through the portal, brow furrowing and eyes flashing furiously.

"What, you think this is funny?"

Rolling on the floor laughing, all Fyr could do was weep into her own arms, tears of raw, unbridled mirth trailing twin paths down her cheeks. The human Fyr stared at Ropes in increasing confusion, hair plastered to his head with sweat.

"He's a dude!" She howled, though only Ropes could hear her. "My human is a fucking dude!"

Whereas Fyr was amused back at home, Ropes was far from it. Scowling, the cougar straightened his back and pushed his shoulder blades back, tentacles rising up high as if to attack.

"Whoa, whoa, whoa - whoa!" The human Fyr shouted, leaping back with his comically fluffy paws held out before him as if that would be enough to stop whatever the cougar was planning. "Let's be rational about this now!"

"Rational?" Ropes scoffed and flipped a paw, although the human Fyr's interjection took some of the wind out of his sails. "How is it rational that you're a guy when Fyr's very clearly a dragoness?"

The man frowned and ran his fingers back through his dark hair.

"Yeah... Furries can make whatever characters they want. I think the big question here is why you're here..."

The human tipped forward, although his feet remained quite firmly planted in place.

"You're real," he said slowly, eyes widening behind the rims of his slender glasses. "You're really real. But how are you real?"

Ropes rolled his eyes, although the motion was not as obvious as it was when Fyr rolled her eyes at him. It was a work in progress, though she was the one that said she had a lot more to roll her eyes about than him.

"Alternate worlds, alternate dimensions. Blah, blah, blah... Ask Curtis about it, he's probably got it all written down in his character back story or whatever."

The human Fyr twisted his lips, pressing them together as he inhaled deeply through his nose.

"Right," he said, hardly convinced. "And how do you know the cat?"

Ropes smirked.

"Well, my wife fucked him just a few hours back. I thought he would have told you about that, that he got to have sex with the real Fyr in the flesh. Or scales. However you want to put it."

Blinking at him, the human before the cougar sighed and rubbed the back of his neck. It was a little too red as if he had been sunburned and the skin had not quite yet healed itself up. Either way, he didn't seem all that surprised to hear that another furry, the kind that existed in more than just stories and artwork, had visited one of his friends, though he still took a quiet moment to process the information while Ropes tried to think through what his next move should be.

I mean, clearly, sex isn't happening...

"Oh... Maybe that's why I haven't seen him around the convention," he said with a wry chuckle. "He does try to spend time with as many people as possible but actually fucking Fyr, oh wow... That's really different. Really different!"

The cougar sighed.

"Yeah. It is. I guess for you, at least, but this is a pretty normal Saturday afternoon for me really. It's not that big a deal for me to spend time playing with portals but it's the first time Fyr's watched and well...she was expecting a bit more of a show than she got."

Glancing back at the portal, he half-shrugged as if to ask the dragoness what he could do about it, but Fyr was still busy wiping tears of laughter from her eyes, barely paying attention to how the scene had progressed before her without her due attention.

"What show?" He probed. "Oh, let me get out of this suit! But talk! I think you've got a lot of explaining to do."

Ropes snorted as the man shrugged the suit down from his shoulders, digging out a hidden zip from the font as he fumbled with the hand-paws. One after the other was tossed onto one of the unmade beds, the man groaning softly as his skin and under armour was revealed.

"Much better..."

The cougar grimaced and slid his gaze away, though it was hardly out of respect.

"I haven't got anything to explain to you and all you'll have after this is half a story, not like Fyr and Curtis. What is your name anyway?"

"AJ. That's what I usually go by," he huffed, wriggling the fluffy suit down to his midsection and worming his arms out of his sleeve. "Ugh, this is warm..."

"Then why do you wear it."

AJ shrugged and threw him a look that said more than the words that followed.

"It's just a costume, something to have fun in. Some use them for their alter-ego, but we're all a collection of misfits anyway. None of us really work on our own but a group of suiters all together is pretty fun. Yeah, just about having fun."

Quietly, Ropes nodded. Although he couldn't stop his eyes from roaming over AJs body as he stripped himself all the way down to his underwear, putting the suit on a rail to dry with the head upside down. With Fyr having such an affinity for working on the ranch, taking to it like a duck to water, it made sense that her human counterpart would have some level of fitness too, though he was lean perhaps in the name of his body working as efficiently as possible. The tattoo on his arm was an interesting addition too, something that set him apart from the dragoness who he had loved for many years as his wife.
