 All persons in this story are of at least the age of 18 and the names of those involved have been changed to protect the guilty... as it was an actual event and how it unfolded...

***

It was a rainy summer day in the early 70's and with it raining there wasn't much to do outside so I was over at a friends house named Steve. Both Steve's parents worked during the day and didn't get home until about 5 Pm. 

We were hanging out playing bumper pool because it was going to rain all day and after some time we got bored and Steve had 2 brothers, Steve was my age (18) and Harry was almost 20 and Phil was a couple years older and some how we started playing truth or dare. It all started out innocent enough between the truths and the dares then slowly it started getting dirty with asking questions like...

"Did you ever kiss a girl?" 

"Have you ever touched a girls pussy?"

The questions got more personal and the dares followed. It came around to Steve's turn and he took a dare. Steve was dared to rub his crotch in front of us all for 30 seconds which he did as we basically watched him jerking his cock through his pants while we watched.

Then it was my turn and I took a dare and was given the same dare which I did and got extremely hard rubbing myself in front of them. Then as time went on the dares got tougher and Steve was dared to rub his brother Harry's cock while he had his pants down. He hesitated but then he did it. For some reason Steve's oldest brother Phil would give Steve the hardest dares first and for some reason I always took a dare after Steve which was close to if not the same dare Steve had just done until the next round. Steve took truth and I took the dare. 

I was dared to give 3 licks to Steve's cock head. I was going to quit but got harassed and pressured into completing the dare. I got on my knees and grab ahold of Steve's cock and gave the head 3 nice licks. They all laughed and we continued the game. By the end of the day when it was time for their parents to come home both Steve and I had licked each others head several times as well as Phil and Harry's. Phil was different because he had foreskin over his cock which I later found out was because he didn't get circumcised like the 3 of us had. 

About a week later it was raining again and so Harry brought it up to play truth or dare again. Which we all agreed to but Phil had just got a job and was not there. The 3 of us were playing and I was doing a dare which was to put Steve' cock in my mouth for 2 minutes. I didn't have to bob or suck just hold it in my mouth. I had his cock in my mouth for about a minute when Robin came through the front door and she looked right at Steve and I as I was lifting my head out of his lap exposing his hard-on.

I remember turning beat red as if it were yesterday. Robin froze in her tracks and there was Steve sitting in a chair with his pants down and a hard-on and me kneeling next to him. 

Robin broke the awkward silence by saying "were you just sucking Steve"?

I looked at her and said no (which I really wasn't)

Harry said "we're playing truth or dare and my dare was to put Steve's dick in my mouth for 2 minutes when you walked in." We all went silent again for a bit then she smiled and said she wants to play. So we started the game again.

Within a little while Robin had her top off and we either felt or kissed her tits. The game got more X rated as we went and within about an hour we were all naked and looking at each other. Harry got the dare to lick her pussy which she readily opened her legs for all to see. After checking her pussy out for a minute or so both Steve and I looked at each other with the look of horror on our faces as this was the first time we seen a pussy in real life.

We all got to take turns licking her pussy before we had to end the game. A couple days later it wasn't raining but we decided to play the game again and this time Phil was off work so it was us 4 and Robin. We got into the game and one of the first dares I took Robin dared me to put Steve's dick back in my mouth but for 3 minutes. Steve was real quick to pull his pants down and he was already hard. I knelt down and put his dick in my mouth all the way to his pubes. About a minute into it he put his hands on my head and started moving in a humping motion as I tried to pull away but he held me tight until the 3 minutes were up.

When he let go, I called him an asshole and he just grinned,

I also noticed I was hard.

By the end of this day Robin lost her virginity to Phil and gave her first blowjob to Harry which was his first blowjob. As for me and Steve we gave each other our first real blowjobs but shot our cum in the air. Over the next couple weeks we didn't play the game but Steve and I continued giving each other blowjobs but the first time I shot my cum in his mouth.

Steve spit it out saying he didn't like that, then it was my turn to taste his cum and when I did I swallowed it and actually liked it.. After that Steve would only suck me for a little while I continued to suck and swallow his load. We also seen Robin a few times and got to lick her pussy. One day she was sucking Steve and I was licking her pussy. 

Robin told me to stick my tongue inside her which I had done a couple times before but this time she tasted different and I liked it and was really going at it and for the first time I watched her have an orgasm. 

After we were done I found out that just before meeting us she had fucked Phil her a blew his load in her before he went to work so what I was tasting was his cream pie. Steve got to fuck her that afternoon but I didn't get the chance. A couple days later I was sucking Steve and he started playing with my ass. When I asked "what are you doing?"

Steve said he wondered if my ass would feel the same as Robin's pussy. I asked what are you thinking which he replied " I want to put my dick in you and see if it feels the same" It took a little convincing but he talked me into letting him put it in just to see what it felt like. We didn't have lube but he found some baby oil and put some on my hole and his dick.

Granted Steve was probably only about 6 inches and average thickness but without knowing how to do anal there was no prepping and it hurt like hell when he forced his head into my hole. After a few minutes he was all the way in but I pulled away because if felt strange and hurt.

2 days later we were in the basement and I was sucking him again. 

Steve said he wanted to try again. Once again he talked me into it and this time we took more time and although at first it still hurt he didn't move once he was balls deep in me until I felt relaxed and then told him to slowly move and after a few minutes the pain seemed to go away and then I found myself pushing back into him as he pushed forward and we were fucking for the first time and it didn't take him long before he shot his cum in my ass.

So it became a regular thing where we would go into the basement and although Steve had stopped sucking me I was sucking him and now letting him fuck me but no one else knew about it until one afternoon we were going at it and didn't hear Harry come down the steps and had been standing there watching us until Steve yelled he was cumming and me telling him to fill my hole.

Harry started clapping and said wait until the others find out. I was told to suck Harry off in order for him not to say anything but a few days later...

Robin tells us she wants to watch Steve fuck me after hearing Harry caught us.

As it turned out Harry told both Phil and Robin about it and they all wanted to watch us. I looked at Steve and he grinned saying well Harry already watched us so what's the difference now being they all watched us suck each other. After a few minutes he talked me into it and before long we were totally naked and I was sucking his cock then the other 3 started chanting..

"Fuck him, fuck him. "

They watched as Steve fucked me doggie style then missionary and I caught myself moaning.

Robin said "he sounds like me when I'm getting fucked." 

Which that kind of embarrassed me but it was true I was moaning like a girl and loving it. 

After Steve shot his load into me I ended up sucking Harry and Phil off and swallowing their loads and Phil fucked Robin and I was told being I liked cum to clean her hole which I did and loved it but when I tried to fuck her. 

Robin said "being I like dick and cum I can't fuck her".

I did get to eat a few more cream pies and within 3 months I had gone from a straight 18 yr old virgin to a cock and cum slut.