 Hey Guys! Here's a new story I'm working on which is a bit of a shift from some of the work I've posted on here. The series will feature bareback sex (all between consenting adults) and a bit raunchier content, but nothing too crazy. Still working through a couple of ideas of how I see the story going, so please feel free to let me know what you think. Thanks for sticking around. 

*****

Playstore Ch. 01: Robbie goes down the rabbit hole.

I can't tell you how many times I've waited in this parking lot. 

Each night, it's a retelling of the same story I've lived out for the past few weeks. I drive in and choose a spot at the far end of the lot, near the side street and close to the 24 hour Liquor Store that boasts cheap beer and not much else. It's intentional. Because each night, I look over at the neon green sign that reads "Open" and wonder whether or not, I'm open to finally going inside. 

It started just a week after my break-up. My one bedroom apartment had started to feel ironically too big- like the drawers had too much depth to make it seem like my clothes were enough. That the double bed I got for half price with my first paycheck now seemed like miles of untouched linen. I was smart enough to know I didn't want him back. I just didn't want to feel like the last slice of a loaf of bread no one wanted. And so here I was: tapping my fingers against the steering wheel like a piano and debating whether I was going to play.

The cold air hit me once I stepped outside and started walking towards the stand-alone building that sat at the middle of the parking lot. I parked far in hopes I wouldn't be noticed. But then again, running into someone I knew at a place like this would lead to just as many questions to them as to me. The sign above read "Playstore" and I was glad it wasn't accompanied by three x's at the end as if to tell the obvious. This was subtle, with the play on words as tongue and cheek as what happens beyond those heavily tinted doors. 

The opening of the door let out a standard ring as the dark night behind me soon turned into cheap and unnecessarily bright fluorescent lights. As I stepped inside, I noticed the clean scent of the place at first, half expecting it to smell like sweat and cum. But it didn't, and I knew that was the point. Most of the space was populated with shelves and small racks, neatly arranged to that patrons could pass each other when one found the subject matter to his liking. I was surprised to say the least, because no one could tell that this unassuming store held some of the raunchiest content there was; all it took was a glance at the merchandise. 

I lingered by the entrance long enough to be called over by the guy working the cash register before slowly making my way towards him. It wasn't really until I felt my waist touch the counter that I looked up to see his face. 

"Your first time here?" He asked with a cool voice that oozed confidence. Everything about him seemed relaxed- from the waves of brown hair that looked like he'd simply run his fingers through it after waking up, to the tone of his voice that hit me like a guy who was genuinely interested to know the answer.

"What gave it away?" 

"Well for starters, you keep looking around expecting to see racks of twelve inch double ended dildos." He leaned in and raised an eyebrow to me, "We keep those in the back where they belong." 

"It's just not what I expected." I said, digging my hands into my pockets looking for loose change to fiddle with. I could feel myself turning a shade of red that matched the edible underwear a few racks behind me. 

He nodded, "The boss likes to keep it clean- unassuming, you could say. We keep all the extreme stuff towards the back and fill the front shelves with items a little more tame." He chuckled, "Every now and then we get some innocent old woman in here thinking the sign reads Playstation and looking to buy a video game for her grandson. We can't go scaring old ladies now, can we?"

I laughed, grateful that he'd managed to put me at ease. He flashed me a smirk as I shifted my weight, desperately trying not to stare into his brown eyes for too long. Extending his arm, he offered, "I'm Max, by the way. And for the next" he looked down to his watch, "half hour I'm here to help you with whatever it is you need. What's your name?"

I met his hand with mine and replied, "Robbie." Truth was I hadn't been called Robbie in quite some time. The kids around town started calling me that when I was young and the name stuck up until I moved here for college. My now ex-boyfriend Darren hated it- figured it was too immature for someone about to turn 24. He insisted on calling me Robert, because it was more professional and better suited when introducing me to one of his pretentious friends. And so for the past year and a half, I became just that- whatever it was he wanted me to be. 

Max gave me a warm smile, breaking me out of my own reflection. He leaned back against the wooden shelf, examining me. And I chose to do the same, letting my eyes wander down his light blue shirt that rippled with every pronounced muscle. He was well built, but not bulky- the kind of physique that told me he worked out enough but never more than needed. Maybe it was the lack of sex for months or the fact that Max was as hot as they come, but I could feel myself getting hard right before him- with only a display counter of various bottles of lube separating us. 

He started, "You know I've worked here for about a year and I learned that there are typically two kind of guys who come into a place like this: those that come to find themselves or those that come to forget." He looked directly into my clear blues, "Which one are you, Robbie?"

I swallowed, feeling my mouth go dry in the middle of this store. God, why did he have to be right? If you had told me months ago that I'd be the kind of guy to spend a Saturday night in the middle of a sex shop, then I would have laughed in your face. But after a year of Darren and doing exactly what I thought I should be doing, it only left me lonely and even more guarded. Looking back now, I didn't know who I was or what it is I want. The one thing I did know is that I couldn't think of anywhere else to be. 

"Both", I finally said, as if spitting out the answer I'd been holding back for some time. Max simply nodded, uncrossing his arms and planting his hands firmly on the display. 

"Good. Verse guys are more fun anyways." He said with a wink as I felt myself melt onto the cheap vinyl floor tiles. 

"I'll tell you what. See that red curtain over there?" He pointed towards the back of the room and my eyes followed his direction. "That's where the real fun happens."

I felt my voice start to lose its volume, "What-what's back there...exactly?"

He shrugged his shoulders, "Better question is what isn't back there." He stretched his hands out, "This here is a front. But back there is where guys of all kinds come to have some fun- no judgement, no inhibitions, just unadulterated sex from willing and consenting men." He chuckled, "It's where boys can be boys."

He looked, sensing the uneasiness that came back to my tight-framed body. The contents of that backroom, though still unknown, terrified me. But beyond the doubts, was a need to go back there and see for myself. He explained, "Lockers are straight ahead, glory holes are to the left and the Great Room is to the right- I'll tell you about that when you're ready. So what's it gonna be? You ready to play?"

I nodded, almost too enthusiastically, while Max smiled. "Good man." He opened a drawer to the left and pulled out a single token, placing it in the space between us. "Here's one on the house. Just go in and I'm sure you can figure out the rest." 

I swiped the coin from the counter and replied, "Thanks." Slipping it into my pocket, I could feel my cock growing through my tight boxers in anticipation. Max was hard too, sporting a bulge in his tight jeans. He was hard for me, I liked to think, or rather at the thought of what I'd be doing in a few minutes. 

Turning slightly, I started walking towards that bright red curtain. As I made my way, Max called out, "And Robbie-" I turned, to face him, "You don't have to do anything you don't want to do." He emphasized the next word, "Ever." I nodded, thankful for the escape route should I decide all of this was a mistake. 

***

As I pulled back the velvety curtain, I couldn't help but wonder how many men have touched it tonight. That single sheet was like a pair of skimpy boxers- the only fabric that separated decency and being as exposed as possible. As I stepped in, my senses were overloaded with the newness of it all. The bright fluorescents of the front store were now that of dim lights glowing off wall sconces, as if to lead lost hikers down the right path. The thud of EDM whistled through my ears, rivaled only by the scent of sweat and cum I expected when I first walked into Playstore. I inhaled deep, letting that musk fill my nostrils and travel down towards my now aching cock. The gloryholes were just a few steps to the left as promised, situated side by side like restroom partitions. 

I softly knocked against the laminated door before stepping in to see the simple layout it offered: a small screen along the back wall linked up with a coin slot, a wooden stool and holes carved into both opposing walls. I locked the door behind me, flicked the token into the slot and slouched on the stool. Immediately, a video started playing, showing two bears going at it- hot, but not what I was in the mood for right now. I skipped through a few more scenes 'til I found one of a young brunette getting tag teamed at both ends; jackpot. The kid was absolutely stunning, taking one fat cock down his throat while riding the other. Feeling my own erection through my jeans, I knew why he turned me on so much: he reminded me of Max. And what I wouldn't give to be undressing him right now. 

Before I could even whip my dick out, I heard the door of the stall beside me lock shut. I turned, facing that hole in the wall in anticipation. My mouth started to water as a thick brown cock slid through the hole, inching its way towards me. Curls of black hair at the base told me the mystery guy had bottomed out, and I slowly reached my hand over towards it, like a magnet to steel. My fingertips made contact with the warm flesh before wrapping it in my hand. It was the thickest cock I'd held, beating Darren and any of the handful of guys I'd had sex with by a longshot. The guy on the other side clenched and I took that as my cue to get started. I slid off the stool and kicked it aside. With my knees pressed against the faded vinyl floors, I knelt before that beautiful piece of flesh. 

I held the cock in my hand, pulling the foreskin back as my face inched it's way closer. That pink, exposed head was dripping in precum that had me licking my lips in anticipation. Not wanting to waste any more time, I leaned forward and licked just under his slit, lapping up the juice that oozed from the tip. God he was sweet, like honey coating the tip of my tongue. I figured it was cause I hadn't so much as touched another cock in months. But as I swirled his precum in my mouth, I told myself I wouldn't go that long ever again. Needing more, I rolled my lips over my teeth and started to take him down. His cock started to fill my mouth, with my tongue tracing along the bottom of his shaft. I could feel it, grazing along the vein before reaching the loose skin where his balls hung, I hated that stupid wall between us, because it was the only thing stopping me from licking his balls and really tasting who this guy was. And yet here I was, with my nose pressed against the laminated partition where God knows how many sex-driven men had been before me, lips practically kissing at his pubes and a wandering tongue looking for any inch of skin it had yet to taste. 

I pulled off after having his cock down my throat for a few seconds, leaving a trail of spit hanging between my lips and his slick head. I looked at my handiwork, his entire length soaked and his head as pink as could be. I pressed a bare palm against the partition and dove down, taking his length in one shot before finding the familiar position I held earlier. The moan heard from the other side was the only reassurance I needed. And so I went on, taking it down and massaging his tip with my throat, licking up the shaft as if to illicit any kind of sensation that would bring him closer to his climax. And the more I kept it up, the worse I wanted him to cum. I choked up on it, closing my lips on the head and swirling my tongue underneath his foreskin while I jerked the shaft. As much as I knew that I could do this for hours, I found myself needing his load as if I'd spent all day earning it. A few swipes of my tongue on his engorged head and the guy on the other side was done for. I heard him growl through the partition, uttering a "fuck" that carried through the thinly lined walls. It was the only word he'd said the entire time yet it spoke volumes. Before I knew it, his cock was flooding my mouth with warm cum, coating my tongue before dripping down my throat. I held his cock tight as its spasmed in my mouth and I could feel the wall between us shaking. 

Once he had stopped, I slowly pulled off and finally tasted the cum I so desperately needed. I hadn't eaten much cum in my life but god did it taste so good in that moment. I found myself licking my lips, trying to get every ounce of that sweet juice, but there was no more to be had. I swallowed all of it out of greed without a regret in the world. 

Before I could get up, I heard someone clear their throat and I figured it was the guy next door trying to take a peek at the kid who had just serviced him. But it wasn't the mystery man. It was Max, standing in front of me, trying to hide the shocked look on his face that rivaled a deep rooted pride he had. He watched me, and my mind started to race, wondering how much of it he'd seen. 

He extended his hand and helped me up. My knees felt like putty as I stood, wondering how long I had been kneeling with only the denim of my jeans serving as cushion against the hard floor. My own cock had been forgotten in the whole scene, leaking throughout the boxers that now clung against my skin. Still riding on my self-induced high, I took a chance. I leaned over, and pressed my lips against Max's, holding him by the hips and pushing my body into him. I half expected him to push me away but the boy did no such thing. He forced his way into my mouth, as if trying to find any trace of the boy next door. But the way he was groping at my back told me that he liked the taste, whether it was the mystery guy or me or some combination of both. 

He pulled off, leaving me practically pouting as his lips left mine. He chuckled, "You're just full of surprises, aren't you Robbie?"

I leaned forward and swiped my tongue against his pursed lips. "You have no idea", I replied with a newfound confidence I hadn't seen before. 

Max pulled his hand from my back and rubbed his knuckle against my straining bulge. "Looks like someone hasn't gotten off yet." He cleared his throat and pulled of fthe worst impression of a caring employee, "And we here at Playstore strive to make sure all our customers leave satisfied." 

I laughed and pulled him in for another kiss as he asked, "What do you say the two of us go have some real fun. You up for that?"

I shrugged my shoulders and flashed him a smile, "I haven't said no to you yet, have I?" 

He simply nodded and led the two of us out of the darkness and into the fluorescent and chlorine soaked store. I looked over to see a another guy half working the register, half scrolling through his phone. He was cute, but not as cute as Max. And I made it my mission to have this boy fuck me like I'd never been fucked before. I took a quick glance at the clock hanging on the wall that read midnight. I had sucked that guy's cock for over half an hour and yet it seemed like only a matter of minutes. Playstore, or at least those back rooms were a rabbit hole where time moved slowly and every sensation was amplified beyond compare. But as we stepped onto the pavement, welcomed by the cold telling me I was in the real world, I wondered when I'd be back.