 Bill gave me a call during the next week. He had gotten and invitation from his guys group. There was an orgy scheduled for next Saturday. Bill said that I was welcome to join him for the party. The group met every other month and members could invite friends. 

Bill picked me up and we headed for the hotel where the party was being held. We arrived during the open door time. Bill introduced me to the host, a guy named John. We paid the small fee and John gave us the list of orgy rules. The room had two beds and several chairs. Bill also introduced me to several of the guys. Bill and I sat and chatted while we waited for other guys to arrive. There were a wide variety of men there, from guys in their twenties to a couple of men over fifty, plus a couple of Black and Asian guys. Some were in good shape and others were showing a bit of belly. They were a friendly group. Guys who knew each other greeted each other with hugs and kisses. The open door period was scheduled for about an hour, then the door would be locked and no one else would be admitted.

Bill and another guy named Tim explained the rules to me. Yes meant yes and no meant no. Always ask first. The conversation was buzzing around me as guys said hi and asked about each other. Bill and I sat in a corner with Tim and had a few snacks. Tim asked me about my interest in sex with guys. I told him of my recent initiation into it and how much I was enjoying it. Tim told me that he was married and had been into cock for a long time. He wasn't able to come to these meetings very often, but always had a good time. He told me how erotic it was to watch the different guys in action. 

John took one last look outside and checked his list. He announced that everyone had made it and said that the door was closed. There were 15 guys total there. John announced the rules for the event and then told us we could begin.

A number of guys immediately began stripping. I saw hands moving towards bulging crotches. I felt a hand on mine and saw that Tim had reached over to fondle me. 

"Nice package." Tim said with a smile. "Let's get naked."

Bill had moved over to check some other guys. Tim and I stood and removed our clothing, leaving them stacked up. I looked around the room and saw other stacks of clothing. There were also several pairs of guys kissing and fondling each other and there were already several guys with hard cocks down their throats.

I felt a hand on my cock. "Nice tool there guy, would you like to play with me?" Tim asked. 

"Sure." I said and reached down to feel his hard cock. I wrapped my hand around his cock, feeling it's warmth and hardness. Tim reached up with his other hand to fondle one of my nipples.

"What would you like to do?" Tim asked.

"I'm more of a bottom." I said. "Should I start with some cock sucking?"

"Sure." Tim said with a smile.

I kneeled down and took the tip of his cock into my mouth. It was cut and about 7 inches long when erect. It was moderately thick. I worked my tongue around the tip, feeling it start to fill my mouth. I ran my tongue around the tip gently, stopping to poke at the hole at the end with the tongue tip.

Tim moaned with delight, joining the other moans that were starting to fill the room. I could hear other voices encouraging the mouths on other cocks to keep up the good work. I worked more of Tim's cock into my mouth, licking the bottom ridge and slowly sliding his hard shaft in and out of my mouth. I was soon sucking his cock in and out, Tim's cock was fucking my mouth. Tim was leaning back against the wall and moaning nicely. I got a nice rhythm going and soon Tim was breathing hard and soon moaned loud. I sucked hard as his cock spurted cum into my mouth. I sucked hard to get all of his cum.

"Oh yeah!" Tim said. "That was good. Thanks." 

Tim decided to go find a guy that he saw. I leaned against the wall and watched the action for a bit. Several of the guys who were being sucked had cum. Some of them were now going down on their partners. Two guys were getting ready to fuck. One guy was on one of the beds on his hands and knees with a guy behind him working on his ass. Another guy was on his back lifting and spreading his legs as Bill worked some lube up his ass. It was quite hot to watch all of the guys in action and look over the bodies and cocks of the men. 

A guy named Fred walked over to me. "Hi." He said. "I'm glad that you could come to this party. It's great to have newcomers."

"Thanks." I said. I watched Bill as he slid his cock into the ass of the man on his hands and knees on the bed. The man moaned as Bill's cock went in to the hilt. Bill grinned with joy and began fucking his cock in and out.

"I was talking with Bill and he tells me that you like to get fucked." Fred said with a smile.

"Yes." I said looking down at Fred's hard cock. It was good sized and hard.

"Can I fuck you?"

"Sure." I said. 

"Great." Fred said.

I moved over to the other bed, which had space on it. I got on my hands and knees. Fred got a bottle of lube and began lubing his cock and fondling my ass, then I felt Fred's fingers on my ass hole. He gently rubbed his finger over my rear pucker. It felt good. It also felt good as he worked a finger into my hole followed by a second one.

"Are you ready?" Fred asked while he had two fingers still buried in my ass.

"Yes." I said.

Fred pulled his fingers out and I felt him move between my legs and then I felt his cock head on my pucker.

"I'm sliding it in." Fred said.

I felt pressure on my ass hole as Fred pushed his cock in. I felt my ass hole open up more as the cock head slid in. It felt good as Fred worked the rest of his shaft in to the hilt. I felt his pubic hairs hit my ass crack, his cock was in all the way to the balls. 

"Damn, that is good ass." Fred said. "How's my cock feel?"

"Good." I moaned.

Fred put his hands on my hips and began to slowly slide his cock in an out. He started with slow long strokes. Then he began to speed up, still giving me nice long and deep strokes. Fred was banging his hips into my ass and I felt his balls and pubic hairs hitting in my ass cheeks. It felt very good. 

A voice over to the side said. "Fred that looks good."

"Oh yeah, that it is." Fred said. "This is a good ass. It was made for fucking."

Fred continued to pump my ass and was soon breathing hard and groaning. Fred speed up his thrusts and soon took one last deep thrust and groaned.

"Oh yeah!!!!" Fred moaned as his cock unloaded in my ass.

Fred slid his spent cock from my ass and gave my cheek a slap. "That was good. Thanks a lot."

"You're welcome." I said still kneeling. 

"Umm" the voice I heard earlier said. "Would it be ok if I fucked you?"

I looked up and saw one of the black guys. He was stroking a nice hard cock. "Sure, go ahead, just lube your cock up first."

"Great." The man said as he got between my legs. I heard him lubing up his cock.

"Are you ready?" he asked as he moved in closer.

"Yes, go ahead and slide it in."

I felt his cock head go up to my ass hole and slide in.

"Oh yeah, this is good even as an already fucked hole." The guy said as his cock slid in all the way to the balls. He put his hands on hips and started fucking away. His cock was a little thicker than Fred's but my ass was accommodating it well. The new guy fucked me for a good five minutes before he grunted and came.

"That was very good. Thank you. By the way my name is Walt."

I decided to roll over on my back and looked around. Two guys had been watching Walt fuck me. One smiled down at me, has hand on his erect cock. "Would you like to 69?"

"Sure." I said. I slide down the bed to give him space and he moved to be on top of me, his erect cock aimed at my mouth. I took it in and began sucking. His cock tasted good as I sucked on it. I soon felt my cock engulfed by his mouth and enjoyed his working on it. He and I sucked each other for a while before he came first, shooting his load on to my tongue and throat, with my cock doing the same. It was a nice orgasm. He thanked me and I moved from the bed to stand a while and watch.

I again noticed the sounds of men moaning and encouraging each other. I leaned against the wall next to a guy who was watching me and the rest of the action. Two guys took the place on the bed and began playing. Soon they were fucking away.

"This is quite hot isn't it?" He said. 

"Yes." I said. I looked down and saw that he was still hard and was gently pumping his cock to keep it that way. "Have you gotten any action yet?" I asked him.

"Not yet." He said. 

"Would you like to do something with me?" I asked.

"Sure," he said. "Would you suck me off?"

"Ok," I answered and kneeled down in front of him. I took his cock in my hands and felt it up and reached back and gently fondled his balls. He moaned. I took the tip in my mouth and ran my tongue around it. I then took it deeper. The guy moaned. I looked up at him, he was watching the two guys on the bed and getting sucked off. He was in heaven. I worked at sucking him for a few minutes, giving his cock head plenty of attention. I was soon rewarded with a loud moan and felt his cum hit my tongue and throat. I sucked him dry.

He said thanks, and moved to another part of the room.

I surveyed the action, on the bed in front of me two guys were still fucking, the guy taking the cock was showing a face of sheer enjoyment as he was being fucked. On the other side of the bed a guy was sitting and was watching a guy kneeled between his legs suck him off. Next to them one guy was sitting on the bed and sucking a man standing in front of him. I spotted Bill talking to John. They motioned me over to them.

"Are you enjoying yourself?" John asked.

"Definitely." I said. "This is great fun."

"Bill tells me that you are a great fuck." John said smiling. "I was wondering if I could give it a try?"

"Sure." I said. "I've already taken a couple of cocks, but I think I can still give you a good time." 

John motioned me to space on the second bed. He had me lay on my back and slide a pillow under my ass. He lifted my legs and I felt his cock head on my anus.

"Are you ready?" John asked.

"Yes." I said with a smile.

I felt the pressure on my anus as John slide his hard cock in. After several fucks, he penetrated to the hilt nicely. His cock felt good in my ass. 

John moaned as his balls hit my ass cheeks. He started slowly moving cock in and out of my ass. I concentrated on giving his cock a little squeeze as he slide it out and opening up as he went in. John was soon pumping my ass harder.

"Damn Bill," He said as he fucked me. "This is a damn fine ass."

"Told you he was good." Bill said. 

I moaned a thanks.

John began pumping my ass harder. He gave me nice deep and long strokes, sliding his cock into the balls with his in strokes. John fucked me for quite a while, me not being his first fuck of the evening. I could tell that he was enjoying having his cock in my ass. John finally began to move closer to orgasm, taking nice deep strokes and soon took one last deep thrust and shot his cum into my bowels. He moaned loud as he came.

I squeezed his cock as he finished and then relaxed as he slowly let it slide out.

"That was excellent." John said after getting his breath back. "Thank you."

"You're welcome." I said. "I enjoyed it as well."

Bill handed John a towel and John wiped his cock and my ass. 

I looked around. Guys were taking small breaks. Several guys were snuggling on the other bed, just watching some of the action. There was still a couple of guys fucking on the floor by one of the beds and another guy was leaning back in one of the chairs getting a nice blow job.

Bill looked over the scene. "Hey how about I fuck you while you and Tom here 69?" Tom was a nice looking guy about 35 who had watched John fuck me.

"Ok." I said. "Sound ok to you, Tom?"

"Sure."

I got up from the bed and motioned for Tom to lay back. I got over him so that he got my cock and I get his. John then waited until we were comfortable and sucking away and then get between my legs and slide his cock in. It was a good time, as none of us was in a hurry. I worked on Tom's cock giving it a nice treatment and felt the same on mine. I was just enjoying the sensations of Bill's cock pumping my ass. We worked on each other for a good five minutes before signs began to start of builds to orgasm. Bill came first, shooting his load deep into my ass followed by Tom, who shot his into my mouth being inspired by Bill's fucking. I came last blasting my cum into Tom's throat. It was a good time.

We separated out and wiped off. I thanked my partners. 

The party went on a little longer. After a break I was fucked twice more and sucked of another guy and Walt, one of the guys who fucked me earlier in the night, offered me his ass for a end of the night fuck. All in all in was a good night. And best of all John said that I was definitely allowed back to the next party.