 Chapter One.

I was so happy to see Danny again, he'd done the dirty and just stopped coming around without rhyme or reason.! was so disappointed when he didn't turn up. That was about four months ago - and now, out of the blue, there he was texting me, asking if it would be okay for him to call and see me again.

What was to do, ignore or reply? He had disappointed me so much my first choice was to just ignore.. But then my gut feeling told me how much I would be missing if he wanted to see me again. My sex life has been nil and void since, apart from the occasional session with a new Japanese anal vibrator. Never the same as the real thing though!.

But now he was with me again real time and it was good, the feel of him...

"I have missed our encounters very much Pete" he said as he wedged his cock in my ass. Me like a fool excusing him for his absence when he said he would never do that on me again. 

"It was just my mother in Canada was very ill, and I had to be with her until she passed on". 

"You could have just text me or something" I complained. "I am only at the other end of the phone."

I felt him push further into me with a slap across my ass, just like I remember. It was if he was demonstrating that he still wanted me and was trying to make amends by doing that. He remembered how I adored the feel of his stiff cock inside me, how I loved for him to wank me off at the same time.

Okay I was mad with him because he had left me so long, and that really hurt because I had ell for him big time and missed his fucks tremendously. It was like I was besotted by him, that just with him being with me again excused all the emotional pain I had suffered, I had even cried a few times. Especially in bed - imagining Danny was there beside me, giving me his all in a way I felt I wanted and needed. Like he was doing now.

"Have I still got it Pete?" he asked knowing full well my reply

"I have missed you so much Pete, you have no idea."

"I will make it up to you. Feel this!" and he pulled his cock out of me and offered it to me. I twisted around and it was like he was still inside me when I felt him. It was like old times. Danny has a beautiful cock, I so love to enjoy him to the full.

"Would you like us to go to bed, or do you prefer it down here in the lounge?" he grunted as I squeezed and stretched his meat.

I was momentarily stuck for words concentrating on the smell and feel of Danny again.

" I don't mind, anywhere. I have just missed this so much Danny,"

"Then we will just let it flow down here, and maybe bed later. Would you like for me to sleep with you tonight, that would be so nice Pete?"

I nodded happily.

I knelt down preparing to take his cock into my mouth; "Feed me?" I asked wanting the taste of him again.

"My pleasure, you know that Pete. It is yours for the taking. I enjoy the way you just help yourself. Suck me hard, as hard as you want. I am ready for that."

I closed my eyes, grasped his thighs each side. I liked to sniff and let my mouth do the bidding. He teased me as always, shifting from side to side just as I was going to take him. Making me work for it. It was great fun, his cock standing to attention like a sentry guard, waiting for my inspection.

Then he let me catch him and there it was so good to taste and feel in my mouth, to lick and suck to my delight, he moving his hips to and fro with each suction, making all those so wonderful sounds I remembered. Those sounds that told me that he enjoyed. I looked up at him as I sucked. His eyes focussed on mine and he said I was perfect for him. Teasing his foreskin tight back with thumb and forefinger I sucked his p-hole. He especially liked that and also when I licked around the ridge.

"Don't stop Pete. Please don't stop!"

But I did remembering how he liked me to tease.

I enveloped him in the palms of my hands and rolled it in-between like it was a stick of clay ready to be moulded. It felt lovely. 

"You are a fucking tease Pete, you just wait!"

I ignored him and resisted his pleas to continue sucking him. I was enjoying the tease and the roll of his huge cock in my hands. It sort of made me feel masterful and in charge. If he tried to pull away I would simply strengthen my clasp and hold on.

I rolled it some more; faster and faster until he was crying out for more.

"Let me fuck you now" he screamed, his pre-cum already beading on his p-hole.

"In the mouth or up my ass?" I asked knowing he would want both one after the other.

I relented and sucked his cock again, it was throbbing so strong and Danny was moaning with gratification as I took him to the spunk and he spurted like a volcano. It was easy to suck him up and swallow. I do enjoy that so much, Especially when he asks me to feed him.. It was no mean task but with practice and determination I soon found out how to take it deep throat with short breaths. The feel of it into my throat was odd at first but now it is part and parcel of our oral stimulation.

Now it will no doubt be standard like it used to be before. Now he was talking about sleeping with me I felt that there was a commitment there at last. I wanted that. I was never a casual sex person - unless I was very desperate. Danny was the first one up my ass and as far as I am concerned will be the last. His fuck is heaven and I adore it. He takes me several ways which we both like. And the occasional spanking between is very stimulating. He asks me to bend for him and I simply adore to be all ass for 

him. To feel his tongue expiring my passage and my balls before and after sex is wonderfully soothing .

"Pete, would you like me to move in with you then?"

"It would be nice Danny, yes. I do feel I love you and I have been so depressed when you abandoned me."

"I am sorry, I shall try and make it up."

"You already are, just by being here and doing what you are doing. I have missed it so very much you bastard!"

"Sorry!"

"Up to the bedroom with you" I ordered. I will teach you not to leave me again."

Danny probably knew what I was about It was my turn to role play. We would do the masterful bit in turns which made for lots of wonderful sex..

My sex toys were still locked in my bedside cupboard. And when Danny saw me bring it them out he knew exactly what the score was

"I'll teach you not to fucking mess with me if it is the last thing I do!" I yelled. Now strip and lay full out on the bed, on your front with ass lifted."

He moaned. In anticipation as I handcuffed him to the bed rail and tied off his balls with an elastic red ribbon.

I was intent on making up for loss time. But maybe in a different way to how Danny thought. Because he didn't know about my latest passion for Japanese sex toys.

He was about to find and he was completely at my mercy....

Danny is a big guys standing at six feet tall with a great body. I felt good that I, just a short ass had this power over him.

I blindfolded him and tied his ankles to the lower rail. Now I could really let go ...

To be continued... ...