 Bernard had already approved of his daughter's boyfriend since the start of the new year. At first, he still had a few doubts. But he managed to released them back into complete oblivion when she brought him home. Simon was an 18-year-old Korean student. He and Miranda officially became a couple in the first week of January. Now, in the middle of March, they shared their senior year with a positive attitude. They rarely dealt with dilemmas that could have tainted their relationship, and Bernard was grateful that his daughter didn't experience any hardships created by either her or her boyfriend.

Simon seemed innocent enough as a person. He was skinny and had short black hair that was reminiscent to the style popularized by mainstream celebrities in his home country. Furthermore, he did appear to be an attractive man, even adorable owing to his innocuous behavior. Bernard greatly admired him, and he always awaited the days when his daughter brought him home for their studies. They never managed delve deeper into their relationship, at least that was what Bernard had seen whenever he had been home.

Bernard never refused Simon's visits. He, just like Miranda, viewed Simon as a student worthy of recognition in their home. The forty-one-year-old man would never want Simon to feel unwelcome. As a matter of fact, Bernard would go even deeper than that. He wanted Simon to visit more often. Even more when his wife and daughter were not around. Bernard didn't know where this invisible spark came from. It just clicked in his thoughts back in February, and it became a common theme for when he wanted someone to be with. Bernard wanted Simon for himself. He wanted this young Korean man to offer a more intimate service. To accept a more submissive role for the breadwinner of the family. Bernard loved his wife, but he wanted someone else for company. And Simon would have fit the part almost flawlessly.

Bernard couldn't stop thinking about it. He yearned for his daughter's boyfriend. It could have been because of his harmless mannerisms, or even the hairstyle. But whatever the true reason would be, the temptation never ceased its expansion. Bernard needed the right time to make his move. But he didn't even know when it would be. Now, in the middle of March, he may have found it.

* * *

A mostly cloudy sky above the city of Monrovia still didn't change. The last days of winter included several rounds of rain drenching the entire state of California. Now, it seemed as if the storms would subside when spring would make its welcome return next week. At the moment, the weekday remained cool and tranquil. Since this was his day off, Bernard decided to spend the entire day at home. He stayed in his study room, sitting at his desk and listening to classical music on his stereo system. He had chosen Tchaikovsky's Piano Concerto No. 1 to keep a positive vibe. His wife had already left the house to visit her older sister for the rest of the day. Miranda and Simon were downstairs studying for an important test for science class. Bernard stayed quiet as he let the music soothe his mind. The orchestra and the solo piano never failed to keep him enlightened in the midst of his desperation.

He heard the front door open and close. A few moments later, his daughter showed up at the front entrance to the study room. Miranda told him that Simon had just left the house. She would also leave to visit her female classmates. She would be gone for a few hours, which meant that Bernard would be alone in the house. He didn't mind it at all. He told Miranda to stay safe before she exited the house as well. Bernard continued to listen to the Piano Concerto in silence. Simon's departure had disappointed him. He would have loved to have the twelfth-grader stay just a little longer.

The music ended, and Bernard turned off his stereo system. He went downstairs to grab a drink. But when he entered the kitchen, he noticed something on the granite countertop. A green-colored notebook lay in the corner. It didn't appear to belong to Miranda. Bernard checked by opening the notebook and flipping through the first few pages. He didn't recognize the handwriting. It could have only belonged to Simon. Bernard already suspected a mistake in Simon's part. The student must have forgotten to bring it home.

Bernard suddenly had a wild idea. He was under the impression that Simon would return to find his notebook. Bernard brought the notebook out of the kitchen and took it upstairs. He checked the time on his smartphone. It would most likely take a half-hour or less for Simon to realize his mistake.

And sure enough, the doorbell rang twenty minutes later. Bernard opened the front door and found Simon standing on the front porch.

The younger man smiled. "Hi, I think I forgot my notebook. I'd like to see if it's here."

Bernard asked, "Is it green?"

"Yeah, that's right."

"Come right in. I think I found it."

He let Simon inside and said, "Follow me upstairs."

He led his daughter's boyfriend to the master bedroom, where he had placed green notebook on the nightstand.

He pointed at it. "Is that the one?"

Simon replied, "Yeah, that's the one."

He was so relieved to find it safe in this house.

Bernard picked it up off the nightstand. "What's this for?"

"It's for science. I need it for the big test tomorrow. Miranda and I are expecting to really ace it."

Bernard kept his eyes on the notebook. "This is really important to you, isn't it?"

Simon chuckled with amusement. "Of course, it is."

Bernard eyed him from top to bottom. He had already admired just how slim and handsome Simon really was.

"So you want this back?"

"Yes, please. I want it back."

Bernard set it back on the nightstand. "Alright, then. In order to take it back, you'll have to do something for me."

Simon grew a solemn expression on his face. "What would that be?"

"You want your notebook back? Give me a kiss."

Simon raised his eyebrows. "What?"

"Give me a kiss."

Simon's body began to shiver. "I don't know if I can do that."

"Yes, you can. This test is important to you. If you want to get a high grade, then earn it by taking your notebook back."

Simon appeared so shocked by Bernard's motives. He would have never expected someone like him to play this kind of dirty game.

Bernard smiled. "Well...I'm waiting."

Simon took one step forward before coming to a full stop. He demonstrated his mixed reception by pulling off a look of utter confusion and surprise. He took another step forward and Bernard eagerly awaited the initiation.

Simon now stood right in front of Bernard, who was at least several inches taller than him. A tall and robust man like him would never be compared to a slim and harmless student like Simon. The younger man was clearly unconfident with this simple act. Bernard remained as a patient man. He could smell Simon's luscious aroma, and he wanted the latter's body even more.

Simon finally made his move. He leaned his head forward and gave Bernard a soft kiss. It turned out to be a quick peck before Simon stepped back.

Bernard chuckled. "Oh, please. You can do better than that."

Simon no longer looked confused. This time, he seemed as if he was mesmerized by a new phenomenon that he had taken part of. This time, he placed his hands on Bernard's neck and shoulder as he gave another kiss. This time, it lasted longer and felt more confident than before. Bernard's lips received a warmer welcome. The kiss itself was soft and uninterrupted.

Simon stopped, but Bernard wanted more.

"That was good."

Simon cleared his throat. "Can I have my notebook back now?"

"No, it's still not over. Come here."

He embraced Simon and kissed him again. Fortunately, Simon didn't make an attempt to even flee the place. He wrapped his arms around Bernard's neck and joined in on the beginning of their festivities. Their embrace remained tight and sensuous. Holding such a gentle creature like Simon gave Bernard a better reason to keep things going. His wish became true. He and Simon shared a long kiss as they held each other. Bernard never objected to his temptation. He would never ignore his daughter's boyfriend when they began to have something special in the master bedroom.

Bernard kissed him on the neck. He could hear the young man moaning at a very low volume. The lack of a refusal became a clear signal to Bernard's eyes and ears.

He whispered, "Now, I want to see you without your clothes."

He slid Simon's t-shirt right off. Simon let it happen. He loosened his belt and took off his pants and underwear. Now, he stood in front of Bernard naked. Bernard liked what he had seen. Simon was a healthy young man, complete with an erection that enticed Bernard's senses.

"Oh, I really like that."

Simon's body trembled. "What're you gonna do to me?"

"You'll find out soon enough."

It was Bernard's turn to take off his clothes. He put away his blue jeans and his boxer shorts. He revealed his own erection to the other man. Seeing Simon this way made his adrenaline experience an upsurge. He couldn't wait to demonstrate his testosterone.

"Get down on your knees."

Simon followed his command.

Bernard continued, "Open your mouth."

The Korean student did exactly that. He left his mouth open, giving Bernard the perfect opportunity to give him a fraction of his masculine energy. He grabbed Simon by the hair and pulled him in. He thrust his cock inside the younger man's mouth. He crammed it in so hard that the tip reached the throat. He moved his hips back and forth as he gained complete control over Simon's body and mind. Simon never bit down on the cock that infiltrated his mouth. He kept it open as Bernard thrust it deep into his throat. Simon even made a faint gargled noise, but Bernard ignored it.

Simon looked up at the man that made him subservient to his demands. He seemed to give an almost puppy stare. Bernard always admired him for his innocent behavior, which is what made him want control in the first place. His long hard cock had been drenched in saliva as he continued to shove it inside Simon's mouth.

"You like that, don't you?"

Simon didn't say anything because of the big dick that almost choked him. He never moved. He let his girlfriend's father bring him down to degradation. His newly submissive behavior was something that Bernard wanted more of.

He finally pulled his cock out of Simon's mouth and let him take a deep breath. Simon got down on all fours after an exhaustive round with Bernard's instrument.

The older man asked, "So you think you can still handle that?"

Simon got back up on his knees and moaned. "I'm starting to."

Bernard took off his shirt, finally revealing his entire nude body. Simon must have been entranced by the abs that Bernard had worked hard for. This brought an even bigger smile to the older man's face. He joined Simon on the hardwood floor. He also got down on his knees.

"Turn around. I want to see that tight little ass of yours."

Simon didn't demonstrate any objections. He turned around showed off his tight hole. Bernard had already acknowledged his craving for this narrow crevice ever since he did it with his wife. And now, seeing as how he wanted to do it to someone of the same sex, an experimentation became reality. His erection grew even bigger. His hunger became more excruciating when being delayed for too long.

Simon whispered, "But why?"

Bernard grew a little annoyed. "Don't ask. Just feel it inside you."

He grabbed Simon by the waist and pressed tip of his cock against the edges of the hole. The younger man shivered from this new exploration that he never fled from. Bernard enjoyed the obedience that came with it. He stuck his dick inside Simon's tiny hole. Thanks to the saliva, it didn't have to go in dry. It slid through without difficulties.

Simon gasped and began to grow weak in the knees. Bernard never let go of Simon's waist as he thrust his cock deep inside him. He could feel Simon's muscles grow tense as a result of the insertion.

The young man moaned louder. "It's...It's actually inside me."

Bernard whispered, "Yes, it is."

He thrust his dick in and out of Simon, whose entire body moved to the rhythm of each pulsating movement. Even his hair seemed to sway in the air as Bernard kept him close. The student held on to the edge of the bed as the man behind him pushed forward without remorse. Bernard brought his energy to life. He kept his eyes on Simon as his hips kept crashing into the latter's cheeks.

The movements were nonstop. Simon remained subservient to his master. He had gotten on his hands and knees as Bernard received a free admission to his new favorite tube. He constantly struck Simon's weak spot, which made Simon's moaning grow even louder. Bernard could only see the younger man's back when he thrust his cock into him. But when Simon turned his head around to give him such an innocent-looking stare, it motivated him to keep going. Simon's good character, as well as his adorable facial expressions, was such a driving factor to his newfound appetite for the human spirit. His wife wouldn't even reach the same standards that Bernard would be searching for from now on.

Simon's body rocked when Bernard's cock became more aggressive. His light and contented moaning would be a clear signal of Bernard's success. Sharing his primal instincts with his daughter's boyfriend felt like a miracle, a popular reverie destined to take on its true form at the right moment.

Bernard immersed himself in his performance so much that he decided to delve even deeper. He pushed Simon down on the hardwood floor. The young man lay flat on his back as Bernard now lay on top of him. He continued to use up all of his stamina and push his cock deeper in Simon's hole.

Simon, now pinned to the floor, stayed in the master bedroom without complaints. Bernard noticed him squeezing his eyes shut. The mixture of pain and pleasure had reached its peak. But Bernard didn't couldn't stop himself. He wouldn't end it until he would fill his new favorite companion with all of his natural juices.

"Yes, take that dick. You're my new bitch."

Simon fought through the tingles and managed to say, "Your cock is so amazing! Don't stop fucking me!"

His mind had been made. It was good news to Bernard. Their relationship had now changed in the most unusual way.

"Oh, I'm loving your tight ass."

Simon yelled, "Fuck, yes!"

Bernard thrust his dick as hard as he could. He made sure that Simon's hole would undergo a bit of an expansion. He could feel a drop of sweat forming on his forehead, but he ignored it. He reveled in his near-barbaric tendencies. He wanted to thank Miranda for choosing such a handsome man at school. The 18-year-old Korean would be the perfect servant if he was willing to keep a secret.

Bernard's last thrust was the strongest. He finally embraced the grand finale that came with his manly traits. Simon gasped as his lower corridor was flooded with Bernard's creamy white substance. Bernard breathed a sigh of relief as he rested on top of Simon.

He whispered, "You took my dick like a champion. I really got to commemorate you for that."

Simon had to take deeper breaths. "The funny thing is...I didn't hate it."

Bernard smiled. "Of course, you didn't. Like you said, my dick is amazing."

* * *

But it didn't end there. Simon didn't retrieve his notebook just yet. Both men were on the bed. Bernard had taken a seat while Simon got down on his knees and slid down on the cock that waited for him for the second time. He sat on Bernard's lap as they faced each other. Bernard didn't waste any time. He held Simon tightly as he thrust his cock upwards. Simon's hole had already been saturated with his semen, and he wanted even more of it inside the hole. Both men's bodies bounced up and down on the bed.

Bernard watched as Simon flew up and down with him. The young man had closed his eyes and vocalized his bliss with popular keywords.

"Fuck me hard! Oh, don't stop! Keep fucking me!"

They savored their embrace. Bernard whispered, "You deserve a lot more of my juices. I want more of it inside you."

Simon moaned loudly. "I want more of it, please! Put it all inside me!"

They kissed in the midst of their upward motions. Bernard didn't want to let go of him. In fact, he didn't want Simon to leave the house. He wished he would share him with Miranda. But he knew that both his wife and his daughter would never approve of it. The only way to keep Simon around would be to do it behind closed doors. And there would appear to be an easy way to conceal their representation of infidelity if done in the right way.

Simon shouted, "Oh, I want more of your cock so badly!"

Bernard kept thrusting his dick up his tight little ass. He kissed the student's chest as a way of consuming the warmth that he had been attracted to all this time. Both men bounced on the bed until their second climax was official. Bernard ejected more of his semen into Simon's ass as the two of them collapsed on the bed. Their pinnacle preceded their exhaustion. They lay on the bed with sweat all over their bodies.

Bernard kissed him on the forehead. "You're one of a kind."

Simon rested his head on the older man's shoulder. "You are, too."

* * *

They had taken a warm shower together. They stood naked beside each other. Bernard held Simon in his arms as the water struck their skin. They didn't say anything. Their tender moment didn't require any words. Their embrace was enough to acknowledge their changed relationship, as well as their acceptance of the radical behavior that followed it.

They finished their shower and got dressed. Bernard finally handed the notebook back to Simon, who gave him a little smile. He didn't leave the house just yet. He gave Bernard a hug and kissed him on the lips.

"I want to see you again."

Bernard replied, "And vice versa."

As soon as Simon left, Bernard already felt a bit of nostalgia arising from their encounter in the bedroom. He thought of when he and Simon would see each other again. He anticipated their next meeting, and when it came true, Bernard would show him a good time yet again.