 Does everybody have somebody they've met that for whatever reason they just don't' get along with? There's nothing you can pin down exactly. It's not even really spoken. You just know they don't like you. 

That's how it felt with Ken. I met him through my wife's circle of friends that she had made in the town we moved to. Ken was married to Sue and she and my wife Peggy were part of a group of five or six young Moms that got together for lunch, tennis, golf, girls nights out, etc. Some were local girls and some like Peggy (and I) had moved into town for the nice homes, good schools, country clubs, and the other benefits of the quintessential suburban lifestyle.

From time to time the girls would plan a couple's event. It might be a night out, dinner at a couple's home, a day at the beach, whatever. For the most part these were generally pleasant affairs. I get along well with just about everybody, girls and guys. I have other circles of friends from work, college, golf course, etc. Initially this group was mostly casual acquaintances to me, although over time Peggy and I would socialize as a couple with a few of them. I even hung out a little more often with a couple of the guys, playing golf or watching football. 

But I just couldn't connect with Ken. It really shouldn't have been a big deal. It wasn't with anybody else. I don't even think Ken gave it much thought. Although I know that when asked about me he would usually give a negative answer. I had no idea what I did or didn't do that pissed him off. At first I didn't think too much of it. I have plenty of friends and I figured eventually he'd come around. He didn't. Then I started trying too hard. That was a big mistake. It made me look pathetic. It was so obvious that even my wife began to notice. I'm sure Ken did too. Peggy told me I looked like a little puppy dog begging for his master's attention. He was the alpha male, the leader of the pack and I wanted his approval. That woke me up and I made conscious effort to tone it down. I know longer eagerly sought to please Ken. Eventually, my interactions with him settled into a point where he politely tolerated my presence and I accepted it. But deep in my subconscious an urgent need was building. 

Peggy and I have two kids and are pretty well settled into the life of the young thirty-something family. Peggy was college soccer player and is still in great shape with strong legs, a perfect ass, and nice breasts. If you can, picture Mia Hamm. I'm not bad looking, about 6' tall and 185 pounds. But I married up. 

Peggy and I have a good sex life. We're very comfortable sharing fantasies including me with other girls, her with other girls, her with other guys. There is nothing crazy about that. Most of the time we would talk about guys or girls from our past. We didn't usually talk about people in our present day circle. 

But I think Peggy sensed that Ken had struck a nerve with me. He is very good looking. He is probably about 6' 2" tall with dark hair and very broad shoulders. He has classically handsome chiseled face and is in great shape both from his job and working out. He is a man's man but the type that ladies fall over for.

If she was feeling a little feisty she liked to bring his name up while we played out our fantasies. She'd talk about how good looking and strong he was. How she'd love to fuck him, how big she thought his cock was, and how great it would be to have his dick inside her. There were even times in real life when I would see her casually flirting with him. Nothing outrageous but I could see that both Ken and Peggy knew what they were doing and knew that I could see them. I would feel a small degree of embarrassment or even humiliation. I don't think it was intended by Peggy but I'm not sure about Ken. 

Later when we went to bed Peggy would tell me that Ken would tell her how hot she was and ask why she was with a guy like me, did she ever wonder what it would be like to fuck a real man. It was never clear if this was actually ever said or part of her fantasy role playing but either way, for whatever reason, it turned us both on. I think my wife enjoyed the teasing. She knew I liked to fantasize about watching her getting fucked. Which, I did. But what she didn't know was that in this scenario my fantasy jumped into another realm. I was now an active participant. I was aiding Ken in fucking my wife, aiding by holding his warm hard cock and sliding it into my wife's pussy. Then I would watch as he drilled her to a shattering orgasm. And when they were finished on his orders I would lick his cock clean and suck his cum from my wife's pussy. Peggy had no idea that I fantasized about that. She had no idea that I had begun to obsess about Ken in a very physical and sexual way.

Ken wasn't the first guy I had fantasized about. This is my secret. I had several experiences in college with other guys that I had enjoyed. My job for the last several years requires me from time to time to travel out of state and every five or six months I would find a nice cock to suck and maybe even get fucked. I almost always took the submissive or bottom role. But this was very private. It was a part of my life that I kept compartmentalized. Nobody in my close circle knew about my bisexuality, especially Peggy.

This summer one of the couples has a nice lake home and they hosted a party. There were probably about 20 people there. The party started in the afternoon and would go late into the night. We'd be spending the day on in and out of the water, on their boat, tubing, water skiing, etc. For those that were going to spend the whole day it was suggested that you bring a change of clothes for the evening. 

It was a great day. Ken and Sue were there of course, as well as many others that I got along just fine with. I was having a good time and even though there were a couple of moments when I saw Peggy and Ken flirting there was really nothing to it. There were plenty of other couples around innocently doing the same thing. I did take few lingering glances at Ken though. He is incredibly handsome and I wanted to have a fresh mental image of his broad shoulders, defined chest and tapered back for the lovemaking I expected Peggy and I would have that evening. 

At one point Ken and I were on the power boat with several others as we took turns tubing. The water was great and as each of us had our turn we would come back on the boat while others had their moment. Ken had just come out and was drying off as another was getting ready. I watched as he ran the towel across his body and could see a clear outline of his cock though his bathing suit. His suit hung low below his tan line and I could see the hint of his dark pubic hair as it rose towards his hard stomach. It was mouth watering and my glance lingered just a little longer than it should have because when I finally did look up I could see Ken looking at me. Busted.

Nothing was said. I was a little embarrassed but I was pretty sure nobody else noticed. I tried to put it in the back of my mind and concentrated on socializing with everybody else and the beers we were drinking. By the time we finished I had more or less forgotten about the awkward moment and everybody else seemed oblivious to it. I spent the rest of the afternoon eating burgers, playing volleyball, drinking more beers and, like everybody else, just having a good time. Between the sun, alcohol and the joint that had been passed around I, like pretty much everybody else, had a good buzz going.

It was about 8:00 PM and the sun was starting to set and it was starting to cool down. People had been changing out of their bathing suits for about an hour now. Peggy had just changed and told me she had left our travel bag in one of the rooms of the house. It was a big house and there were several options to use for getting out of your wet clothes. This room happened to be a small one in an out of the way part of the house.

I went in and closed the door. The room was only about 10' x 12' and had a small couch, chair and a desk. I think the sofa pulled out and was probably used as a second or third guestroom. I laid out my clothes to change into and had just pulled my bathing suit down when the door suddenly opened. I was startled and involuntarily let out a little gasp. It was Ken.

The room was pretty small. And if anybody else had walked in that situation they probably would have muttered a, "whoops, sorry.." and walked out. That's what I would have done. Ken didn't. Ken looked, took in the situation, kind of smirked, came in and closed the door. 

I was turning beat red. I'm not sure why. I didn't do anything but I felt very vulnerable. I was completely naked and exposed. Ken threw his bag down, "didn't know anybody was in here," he said. And then looking down at my penis jokingly said, "Too bad for Peg."

"Ha ha ha", was the best I could come back with and I tried to regain my composure. 

Ken started to peel off his t shirt. He was now between me and the clothes that I had laid on the sofa. I was going to have to reach around him. As I did so he bent over to pull his shorts off. His cock was exposed and it was only a foot away from my eyes. It was beautiful. It had a large circumcised head that was slightly crimson. It was thick and beautifully marbled like a fine piece of steak. I could see his heavy balls hanging just below the length of his penis. I could smell his musky scent. 

My body betrayed me. 

My cock started to twitch and I could feel it stiffen. It happened almost immediately. My first instinct was to try to turn my body to hide it but I couldn't. Ken could see I was aroused and it was clear that it was he that was arousing me. 

"Huh.. I guess I shouldn't be surprised," Ken said. "I always figured you for a cocksucker."

I was stunned. I didn't know what to say. But my erection wasn't going down and Ken moved closer to me. I'm not a small guy but I felt like one now. Ken stood over me just inches away, close enough that my cock brushed against him. I could feel my face turning red again. "I know you want to suck my cock, don't you?" he said. "Come on, just touch it. I haven't had a good blow job in a while."

My mind was racing. How do I get out of this? I can't do this here. Not with my wife and friends upstairs. Nobody knew, nobody could know that I liked to suck cock. But my basest instinct, no desire took over. My hand reached out and took hold of his dick. I looked at it as it started to swell. I looked up at Ken. "That's it, I know you want to suck it," he said. It was too late now. The part of my mind that had been saying no was completely silent. I wanted Ken to stuff his cock in my mouth. I wanted to please him more than I ever wanted to please anybody before. I sank to my knees so that his dick was level with my mouth. "Come on, Mike.. suck it. I want to cum down your throat you little slut," Ken commanded.

He didn't need to order me. I wanted it so badly. I opened my mouth and slid his manhood in. I knew the door to the room was still unlocked and that somebody else could walk in. But I didn't care. I wanted to blow Ken. I wanted him to use me like the bitch I was. My mouth stretched and I took more and more of his cock inside me until I could feel his pubic hair on my nose. And then I slid back to his head and quickly swallowed him again. Soft moans were escaping from my mouth. From my mouth that was stuffed with the cock of a man I so wanted to please. A man that was stronger and more powerful than me. A man that could take anything from me, including my wife. I was totally submissive to him and I wanted to be. Ken grabbed me on both sides of my head and began to face fuck me. My moans were mixed his grunts. He was using me, using my mouth for his pleasure. I couldn't think of anything else other than feeling him release in me, finish in my throat and let me swallow his seed. To be used by him. To provide him pleasure, so that hopefully he would use me to provide him with pleasure again some day.

I was holding on to his ass as he fucked my face. His muscles were firm and fast. I took one hand away and cupped his balls. I could feel their warmth as I gently squeezed. Ken's grunts became louder, my moans more insistent. I could taste his pre-cum and I could feel his cock swell even more. Ken was close and I wanted him to come in my mouth. I grabbed the base of his cock and stroked it as I sucked hard on the top half of his dick. I could sense Ken's knees buckling when he let out a loud masculine groan and emptied his first load into me. I held on and swallowed and just as I did another powerful spasm shot through his cock and filled my mouth. I didn't have time to swallow this one before another shot of cum filled my mouth. It was impossible for some cum not to seep out but I still hung on as Ken trusted into me again and I milked the last of his seed from his powerful dick.

I held him in my mouth for a moment more before I swallowed what was left and then I slid his dick out as I cleaned up the small amount of sperm that remained on him. I was savoring his taste and texture and I wasn't going to miss a drop. I was completely oblivious to where I was and what would happen if we were discovered. My cock was still rock hard and I continued to moan, almost whimper with pleasure and desire. I looked up at him, holding his cock close to my mouth. His eyes were closed and his head was tilted back. I licked his head again still looking at him. My eyes were looking for his, yearning for their approval. Ken looked at me.

"I guess you are good for something," Ken said as he gathered himself. "You're not a bad you little cocksucker." I beamed with pride like a schoolgirl. "You got an ass I might like to fuck too," he said.

"Mmmhhhmm," I moaned in pleasure again as I sucked his cock one more time. I could only hope.