 I'm 40 years old but I look about 35. I'm told that I'm very good-looking--I'm 5'11 and of Hispanic/Italian heritage, with bronze skin, a muscular build, brown eyes, and a dark hair and mustache--and have been married to a terrific woman for six years. My wife Cheryl is a real hottie (petite and blonde, with generous breasts and a tiny ass) and I love fucking her, but for years I'd been enjoying secret "jack-off sessions" with my male buddies. I always looked at it as male bonding at its best: a group of guys, a porno, and a simultaneous jack-off session, but eventually I started having feelings that made me question exactly what these sessions meant.

I found myself looking at the other guys' cocks and wondering what they'd taste like, especially Eric's cock. Eric is 33 and a little bit shorter and less built than me, with blond hair and hazel eyes, but what really attracted me was his rocking cock. I'm satisfied with my 6 3/4 inches, but damn I envied Eric's 9". I really wanted to suck that thing off but I had no idea how to broach the subject. Luckily, after one of the jack-off parties Eric hung behind after the others had left. He told me he'd seen me giving his prick hungry looks and admitted that he wanted to try having me suck him off. We agreed to meet alone the next night, while Cheryl was at her pottery class.

Eric arrived about 15 minutes after Cheryl left. I ordered up one of my favorite adult flicks on pay-per-view and we sat down next to each other on the couch in the downstairs den, pants still on. However, about five minutes into the movie, before we could even get half-hard, the fucking cable went out! I was so pissed off, especially when I called the cable company and was told it would take them at least an hour to fix the problem. I didn't want to wait that long!

"Fuck it. We don't need a porno to get excited," Eric insisted, and took off his pants. His cock was flaccid and gorgeous and as I looked at it I saw it stir a little bit. "See, I just need your mouth!"

I felt my cock hardening and took off my pants. Then I kneeled down in front of Eric and took my first taste of another man. My prick sprang completely to life as Eric's musky smell filled my nostrils and his massive organ expanded in my mouth. Even though I'd never sucked another man I'd received many a blow job from women, so I knew exactly what another man would want. I made sure to take Eric's entire dick in, all the way to the base, even though it choked me at first. Soon I was used to deep-throating him and we had a pretty nice rhythm going, with him fucking my face and me jacking myself off while sucking him.

Eric and I jumped when we heard someone walk into the room, and were shocked to see Cheryl, not only there but completely naked and with a lustful gleam in her eyes. "You mean I wasn't invited to this?" she asked.

"Uhhhhhh..." was all I could manage.

"My teacher was sick tonight so they sent us home early. And this is what I came home to." She started massaging herself all over. "You know, I've always suspected that you did stuff with other men and I've always wanted to be a part of it, but I was kinda afraid to ask."

Eric and I were more than happy to have Cheryl be a part of this. I put Eric's cock back in my mouth and Cheryl put mine in hers. To suck a man and be sucked by a woman at the same time was an unbelievable feeling. I could reach down and play with a titty or reach in front of me and stroke some nuts. I could tell that Cheryl was getting really hot from sucking me and I knew we'd have to alter our positions.

I had Cheryl get down on all fours so that I could kneel behind her and plunge my cock into her warm, tight pussy. After I found my stroke, Eric positioned himself to the side of me so that I could turn my head and get a mouthful of dick. Cheryl and Eric were both moaning my name at the same time and I felt my cum boiling in my balls. I knew I was going to have the orgasm of my life, but I wanted to please my male and female lovers first.

Eric was the first to cum, announcing the imminent arrival of his jizz with a loud groan that was followed by his cock spurting several large loads of hot, salty man juice into my mouth. I swallowed as much as I could but being inexperienced some of the sticky nectar wound up dribbling down my chin. Moments later, I felt Cheryl's pussy pulsating around my shaft and she screamed as she came. I lost it, but before I shot my entire load I pulled my dick out so that Eric could watch me cum all over my wife's ass and back.

Now Cheryl and I have no more secrets and I am completely free to pursue man/man fun whether or not she joins me, although when she doesn't participate she makes me tell her about it later, while we're fucking.