 Hey Guys! Here's part two of my new series. All sex in this series is bareback for fantasy purposes only. Feel free to let me know what you think- I appreciate all the feedback. Thanks! 

*****

Playstore Ch.02: Max helps Robbie press play. 

The cool evening breeze set in like aloe, easing the burn I had felt throughout my body. I wondered where this brazen version of myself came from, because in 23 years, "spontaneous" wasn't a word I'd use to describe myself. Yet here I was, crossing the parking lot with a guy I just met under an hour ago with another random dude's load inside me- I could just picture the look on my mother's face. 

Max offered to take me back to his place, and it didn't take a scholar to know what we'd be doing there. I looked him over, in all his wavey haired, ripped jeans, and worn down sneaker glory. He was the opposite of all the guys I dated and God did that make him even more irresistible. 

"My place is just a few blocks from here", he explained as we weaved through the parking lot. Max didn't make any plays to hold my hand and I was kind of relieved to say the least. The last thing anyone who just got out of a relationship wants is another relationship. We were just two guys who both knew what they wanted and were mature enough to go after it. He bumped into me a few times, nearly setting off a rally of alarms as I tried not to hit one of the parked cars. The two of us continued like that, ping-ponging our way through the lot and down the street with his infectious laugh filling a mile radius. 

We came down a side street lined with small one story houses, each with a front yard treatment that could only be described as quaint. "Is this where you kill me? On a side street behind a liquor store a quarter after midnight?" 

"Please. The only pain you'll feel tonight is the good kind", he teased as he smacked me on the ass. 

I kicked at the small pebbles along the asphalt. "So do you always pick up stray guys that wander into the shop?", I asked, making sure my voice had no trace of jealousy. 

He shook his head, "Not really my style." Shrugging, "Don't get me wrong, I indulge every now and then at the backroom, but the guys I play with other there and the ones I bring home are never one in the same." 

I nodded, not really knowing how to respond. I wanted to ask why he was taking me home but decided against it. Why anchor down what promised to be a fun night with unnecessary truths?

A few more steps later and we made it to the front of what I assumed was Max's house. He stood with his back to the door with the two of us bathed in the porch light he must have turned on before leaving for his shift. We finally caught our breaths after minutes of chattering teeth. Max kissed me once, in a quick move that impressed me. He pulled off, holding onto my bottom lip with his front teeth.

"Last chance to turn back, kid. Once I get you inside, I don't think I can control myself", he said with a growl that made my dick twitch.

"There's no way in hell I'm turning back." That stupid smirk on his face told me he liked the answer. 

Max pulled me into his place, hurrying me down through whatever rooms were between the front door and his bedroom. He didn't even bother to turn on a single light switch as he walked backwards, not taking an eye off of me. How he didn't eat shit on the minefield of loose furniture was beyond me. He continued all the way until feeling the edge of his bed at the back of his knees. I planted myself in between his wide open legs and looked down at the boy so full of lust, he was practically ripping at my belt. He then pulled it off and tossed it aside, knowing I wouldn't be putting my pants back on anytime soon. He flicked off the top button of my jeans like it was child's play and pulled them down to my ankles. I watched as he pressed his face towards my crotch, rubbing his nose against my boxers, still wet from my earlier neglect. 

"I came to check on you, you know."

I must've looked confused because he added, "After I led you to the back rooms, I felt guilty for sending you off to the wolves." I listened as Max continued to play with the hem of my shirt. "I had to wait for the dude after me to start his shift before I could leave, but I'd say I came at just the right time." 

I felt a wave of self-consciousness wash over me, remembering how that scene played out. Me, like a deer in headlights, looking over to Max with a mouth as wide open as mine was earlier. I stammered, "I usually don't do things like that- I"

Max shushed me, planting a kiss on my bellybutton as if to stop my rambling. "Watching you service that guy's dick was the hottest thing I've seen in a while", he said as he nuzzled into my flat stomach.

The nerves seemed to calm down as I teased back, "And I'm assuming you see a lot of action on the job."

His eyes widened, "So. Much. Sex." I laughed at that, nearly losing my footing at his bluntness. "You know what the only disappointment was?" Max added while planting butterfly kisses all over my abs. 

"Tell me."

The kisses stopped, demanding that I look down to find the answer. I saw his incredibly deep brown eyes looking up at me with my fabric lined cock held up by his chin. "That I didn't get to see you finish", he complained, like a kid who was denied candy. 

Max didn't even wait for my reply before grabbing me at the hips and turning me onto his bed. He placed his palms on my stomach and pushed my shirt up, using his thumbs as hooks. Just as my shirt slipped off my head, he reached at his back and tore his off with ease. Every single motion of his had intention and his expertise only helped to soften the reality that I hadn't been in a situation like this for quite some time. 

Max climbed over me and I felt his warm chest scraping along mine, two naked pieces of flesh causing so much friction, I could feel the small hairs on my arms standing up. He kissed me once more and I felt a reluctance as he pulled away, moving down my body. When he made it back to my crotch, he slipped his fingers under the waistband of my boxer briefs. He looked into my eyes and I nodded, granting him the permission that he had since the moment he talked to me at the store. 

I wouldn't be saying no to him anytime soon. 

He pulled at my boxers and tore them off my body, making a show of it as he brought the pair to his face and inhaled. I moaned as he took in my scent before tossing them to the pile of clothes we'd left behind. Max held my cock in his hands, "Fucking beautiful Robbie. Been a while since I played with a cock this thick." 

I held my mouth open as Max inched his face closer to my throbbing dick. I could feel his warm breath on my slick skin. He was teasing me, leaving me victim to anticipation. 

"Please" 

Max raised an eyebrow. "Please, what?", holding onto that last word like he held onto me. 

"Please suck my cock." I begged, digging my toes into the linen covered mattress. 

I swore I could see a glimmer in his eyes when I responded; that cocky fucker. He sunk down on my dick, taking me nearly halfway in his first go. Tightening his lips around my shaft, I moaned out, feeling the head of my cock resting against his wet tongue. I could feel his nose poking against my pubes, telling me that the boy was inching towards the end. Max made a show of sucking me off, pulling back just enough so I could see him tonguing my slit or taking each of my overgrown balls into his mouth. He was skilled too, showing off how many inches he could take before the back of his throat told him to pull back or choke. I'd even get so lost in the motions that I'd close my eyes for a minute of respite, succumbing to the sensations of a hungry mouth. But Max wouldn't have it. He practically nudged me every time I turned away, forcing my gaze back to him and the task at hand like a child begging for attention. I think somehow he could sense how unnerving this was- to be the center of attention for a guy I would normally deem out of my league. And that made his efforts to prove how badly he needed this too, even more appreciated. 

Max pulled off my cock after what felt like hours. Hell, I almost raised my hand in salute to thank him for his service, like any good American would. He quickly slipped out of his jeans and came up my torso, resting his ass on my taut stomach with beefy legs planted at my sides. Max held onto his cock just inches from my face as a sly grin washed over his. I bit down on my lip, muttering "Fuck" as his cock got closer to me. Nearly eight and a half inches of flesh stood before me with a head leaking strands of precum that pooled on my bare chest. 

"So fucking big" I praised, leaning forward and sucking at the thick head. He tasted like untapped honey, unbelievably sweet and natural, coating my tongue with all of his juices. I eased my way down, inhaling his musk that intoxicated me like poppers: the faint scent of sweat mixed with his nearly drowned out cologne. I took him without apprehension- not thinking about how badly I needed to satisfy him or whether he was judging me based on my skills, rather just enjoying the incredibly hot guy above me and his cock for me and me alone. As I took more of him, I felt his breath hitch every time his cock pushed against my throat. I looked a few times only to find him watching my every move.

Making eye contact with me, Max cupped my cheek and smiled, "You look so sexy with my cock in your mouth." I replied by pulling off a bit to make a show of kissing his perfectly round head. He gave me a wink and then leaned forward, arching his back so he could push that head into my mouth. With my lips wide open, he fucked into me and I surrounded the room with sounds of spit splashing in my mouth. After the first initial strokes, my throat relaxed and I fell into a trance, taking his cock with ease. I looked up at him to see the once concerned look on his face now changed to that of animalistic lust. His warm brown eyes were now searing into my cold blues, melting them along with my entire body. It's ironic, how I had his entire manhood in my mouth, yet he was the one in control. And I was left pushed up against the headboard, leaking spit out of my loose lips; unquestionably his to use. 

Max's thrusts stopped suddenly and I assumed it was cause he was getting too close to cumming. He didn't even give me a chance to insert a snarky comment, instead he instructed, "Turn over and show me that hole" in a voice far more commanding than before. 

I obeyed, digging my knees into the bed and sinking my torso down onto the sheets. There I was, as exposed as I'd ever been with someone. Max drew a knuckle along my backside, sending spurts of moans as his electric touch made contact with my skin. He uncurled his finger, dragging it in between my cheeks, careful to not touch my hole. I felt the bed move as he got off, dropping to his knees on the floor. I dared to look at the mirror strategically placed to the side of his bed, giving me the perfect view of Max behind me. He stroked his hard cock, staring at my pink pucker and biting his lips like he hadn't eaten in months. He looked directly at the mirror, catching me watching him. I wanted more than anything to bury my face into the covers, but he took my curiosity in stride, kissing the soles of my feet before blowing me a kiss through his reflection. I swear this kid could charm the pants off any straight man. 

I held my breath as Max dragged his deliciously wet tongue along my crack, starting from the tip of my swollen cock and working his way up into the small dimple just above my ass. It wasn't until he pulled off that I finally exhaled, releasing all the pent up sexual energy I'd stored the past few months. Out of the corner of my eye, I watched as he licked his lips, spreading the entire essence of me all through his taste buds. He attacked my hole next, enjoying the taste as he lapped up my inner walls and spread my cheeks until only a tight and blushing pink hole was left for the world to see. I buried my face so deep into the mattress that I could practically feel the box spring beneath us. He was that good- and I know it wasn't my celibacy exaggerating. He wasn't just prepping my hole, the boy was indulging. 

Max pulled himself off, knowing that the night wouldn't end with a simple rim job. He gave my ass a light smack before getting off his knees. I could feel his shadow cast over me, providing the only hiding place among the overhead and bedside lights that brightened the entire room. This position took me back to the time I lost my virginity to a boy I cared too much about back in high school- a boy who only left me longing for more even after he'd slipped out of my bed and back into the straight world he resided in. Since then, it's been a steady stream of "close but not quites".Yet somehow this was different. This time, I was about to surrender myself to a boy who never even told me his last name. And yet, it was already better than any other time before. 

"I'm gonna fuck you now, Robbie. Your hole is nice and ready for me" Max said, with a soft kiss against my lower back. 

"Max-" I called out, turning my head towards him. He nodded as I finished, "Don't stop until you cum", arguably the boldest words to escape my mouth all night. 

Once I turned my head back, I felt the tip of his cock lined up with my wet hole. I bundled the loose sheets into my fists, getting ready to use the slack as leverage. Max inserted himself into me slowly so that my hole could get used to every inch he was giving. Prepared or not, I hadn't so much as fingered myself in a couple months, proven by the faint sting of pain that surged through my spine. I breathed out as best I could, relaxing myself as he continued to push in. I might as well have been a virgin because my hole was taking Max's thick cock like it had never been touched before. After a few agonizing minutes of this, I felt his pubes brush against my ass cheeks, telling me he was fully inside me.

"Goddamn this ass is so tight" Max growled as he started to fuck me. I winced at the first few strokes, biting down on my lip, nearly piercing the skin like the intense pain that fell over me. It was temporary, I silently reminded myself as my mouth parted only to let my moans escape. Darren was only six and a half to Max's eight, and even then, we spent the better part of the last few months of our relationship finding any excuse to not have sex. I pushed those thoughts aside and exhaled, giving way for more of Max's cock to penetrate me. And slowly, as the lube worked it's magic- granting a satisfying amount of friction between our bare skin, the pain that overcame my body was replaced with pure ecstasy. 

My toes instinctively curled and my back arched towards Max, granting him full and uninhibited access to my hole. I rocked back and forth on his cock, feeling the bed shake and his low hanging balls slap against mine. My own dick hadn't been touched in the entire time I was on all fours, dripping precum that seeped into Max's sheets. 

"Fuck me", I begged as his shaft slipped in and out of my hole, giving only brief seconds of emptiness. 

Max must have liked this because he wrapped an arm around my chest and pulled me closer to him: my sweat soaked back pressed against his slightly furred chest with hard nipples poking me like jewels. His warm breath spread all over the back of my neck as he leaned in to coax me, "Cute guy like you needs to be pounded like this every fucking day." 

I turned my head slightly, begging him for a kiss which he granted. There I was, with his cock so deep in my hole and his tongue inside my mouth- being used without any lingering hints of regret. He slid his arm off me and instead grabbed at my shoulders with each hand. Using me to brace himself, he started to pound into me harder than he'd been doing before. His entire length rubbed against my slick hole creating a distinct sound that I wanted to replay over and over. And we did just that- him fucking and me trying my best to hold off my orgasm for as long as I could. But I didn't have that kind of strength. I was clay in his hands, ready to be sculpted and primed in any way he seemed fit.

Letting go of my shoulders, Max pulled me close once more, placing a palm over my pec and grabbing my cock in the other. He ran his fingers over my head, giving him the lube he wanted to jerk me off. I leaned my head back, resting it on his shoulder and backing my ass into his cock even more. 

I moaned out, "Cum in me Max. Please!" His thrusts on my cock got faster with every word. "I want you to breed me!" I yelled, in a voice I hadn't heard come out of my mouth before. And just like that, the two of us were at the end of our ropes. 

Max shot first, painting my walls with his cum that was so warm, I could feel it radiating throughout my body. I followed soon after, blasting all over the headboard and creating a trail of wet spots on his bed. My cumshot caused my hole to clench, milking his sensitive cock as he muttered every word of profanity under his tired breath. He tightened his arms on my body and rested his head at the back of my neck as we rode off our high. Slowly, we regained our breaths as the room fell silent. 

Max pulled out of me with a small pop and I tightened my hole, not wanting any of it to drip out of me. He turned me and held his palm at the back of my head, laying me down. He crawled over me and then stopped to look at my handiwork all over his oak headboard. Without questioning, he leaned in and lapped up the rivers of cum that started to trickle its way down the finished wood. Not wanting it to be over, I gently grabbed his face and brought it to mine. Pressing my lips against his, I flicked my tongue in the crease between them, demanding entrance which he gave. I swiped my tongue along his and all throughout his mouth, tasting any remnants of me he hadn't swallowed yet. 

He pulled away and chuckled that infectious laugh, "Where the hell have you been all this time, dude?"

"Buffering" I replied, with the only answer that came to mind. "I feel like my life's been on pause for the past few years and I've just been waiting to restart." 

He nodded, not needing to hear an explanation. "I know what that feels like," he offered as he slide beside me on the bed. Looking over at the alarm clock at his nightstand, Max added, "You can stay here tonight- if you want to. It's pretty late anyway." 

"Thanks" I paused for a minute remembering how I got here in the first place. "It's just that I parked my car all the way back at the liquor store by the shop."

He replied, "One of my buddies actually works the graveyard shift over there. I can tell him to keep an eye on it 'til morning if you want." 

I nodded, not wanting to leave this bed for any reason. "Yeah I'd appreciate that." Max pulled out his phone from the pile of useless clothes and started typing out a text. Once he hit send, he set the phone down and eased back into the mattress. 

"The bathroom's on the first door to the left. Kinda forgot to give you a tour.You want like a glass of water or something?"

I shook my head, "Nah I'm good. Actually just pretty beat- you kinda wore me out." I said with a blush. 

He raised an eyebrow, "Ah, so I was that good, huh?" He chuckled as he leaned over to turn off the overhead light, "Goodnight Robbie."

"Night, Max", I replied as he threw the covers over me. He turned to his side, facing the other wall as I gazed out to the small space peeking between his curtains. I could hear his soft breath rising and falling as he fell asleep, and within a few minutes, he was out cold. Naked and lying in a stranger's bed, I felt more comfortable than any of the nights this past month I'd slept on my own. 

***

I opened my eyes and immediately felt disoriented as I stirred in the empty bed that wasn't mine. I looked at the clothes piled along the floor as the tender sensation coming from my hole reminded me of what went down last night. How I let the hot dude from behind the counter take me home and fuck my brains out. The only problem was that Max was nowhere to be found. I pulled off the covers, exposing my naked body. I felt self-conscious as I stood up, and desperately tried to find something to wear that wasn't soaked in cum from the night before. 
