 It was Friday evening, and Paul strutted into his favorite gay bar, The Purple Knight, moving easily in his red high-heeled pumps. He had no trouble walking in them, because he had gotten used to those shoes or others like them over the last few years. During week days, he wore what was called "office casual" at his job on the order desk of a high-tech manufacturer. On weekends he let his true nature take over, carefully applying makeup and attiring his slender body in provocative women's outer clothing and sleazy lingerie from Frederick's of Hollywood, including a well-padded bra. 

He expected to find some sexual companionship at The Knight, either a gay man or a straight one, who would appreciate the virtues of his mouth or his smooth, round ass. He had never had much body hair anyhow, and that Friday night before going out, he had carefully shaved himself there. Paul actually preferred horny straight men, which is why he liked going out in drag and being as feminine as he could. He knew this could be dangerous, which is one reason for choosing The Purple Knight. The owners knew what their patrons wanted, and they helped them get it as safely as possible. 

As was usual on Friday nights, the tavern was busy, and Paul greeted friends and previous sex partners as he approached the bar. They all responded to him, greeting him as "Pauletta," a name he preferred using while in drag. After taking one of the few bar stools available, he ordered a small glass of white wine, as was his wont, because he liked the taste of the drink and he knew drinking lightly would help him enjoy the sexual adventure he expected to have that night. 

He looked first at the man to his right, a tall, young black man in a blue and white plaid sports coat. To Pauletta, he seemed to be a suitable partner, so he "accidently" brushed against his arm while raising his drink. The young man glanced at his neighbor, turned away and moved slightly to the right, tacitly expressing his lack of interest, at least at that time. The silent rejection did not bother Paul; he was used to it, and turned his thoughts to the man on his other side, making an initial contact the same way. 

He had better luck there. The man on his left was white and about thirty years old, and he turned to face the newcomer, who happened to be exactly what he was looking for that evening. "Hi," he greeted him while offering his hand to shake. "My name's Brendan." 

"Hi, Brendan. My name is Pauletta. What are you drinking?" 

"Beer." Brendan held up his bottle of imported beer. 

"Oooo, I like guys who drink beer. It's such a manly thing." Paul signaled to the bartender for another glass of wine for himself and a bottle of beer for his new friend. He paid for them when they arrived and turned back to Brendan, who was patting him on his shapely ass. 

"Oh, you're so fresh," he giggled with a big smile on his lipsticked mouth. Paul leaned against the bar and raised himself so he could pull his mini-skirt out from under himself, giving the other man's hand better access to his ass. "I like guys who are fresh and know what they want."

Brendan knew what he wanted alright, and he slipped his right hand under Pauletta's skirt to fondle his curvy ass in the silky panties, even running a finger down the cleft. He was fully aware his companion was a gay man in drag, and that was exactly his reason for coming into the bar that evening. Brendan, although that was not his real name, was horny and preferred a quick and sure fuck of a gay man to trying to pick up and seduce a woman and very likely being shot down. He moved his bar stool closer to his intended sex partner and his hand boldly continued its exploration of what he thought of as a very sexy ass, even if the owner was not a woman. 

"Sweetie, I have to go to the little boys' room. Would you like to join me there?" Pauletta affectionately brushed the hand away from his ass and stood up. After draining the last of his glass of wine, he picked up his purse. He hoped and expected to be gone quite a while. 

"Sure." Brendan also finished off his drink, left the empty bottle and glass on the bar and stood up. 

Paul led the way, ass swaying seductively, while his new friend followed him eagerly, staying close enough that nobody got between them, but far enough away to enjoy the view. Brendan entered through the door being held open for him, and both men headed for one of several cubicles in the clean, warm and well-lighted room. They both knew what they wanted, and made no further pretense of being there for any other reason. 

The men's room in The Purple Knight is much larger and more well-appointed than most people would think necessary in a rather small bar. There's a good reason for this; the management knows why their patrons come there and want them to be satisfied at every aspect, and to stay there for sex rather than going off to a hotel or similar place. After Brendan had locked the door behind them, Pauletta gave him a condom and a small bottle of lubricant he had taken out of his purse. He kicked off his shoes and leaned on his hands against the water tank of the toilet, with his bare feet on either side of the commode and his legs spread wide enough to make it easier to do what they had gone there for.

"Just put on the rubber and lift my skirt. You don't even have to pull down my panties." 

Brendan dropped his pants and boxer shorts to the floor and rolled the condom onto his cock, which had become hard from his fondling Pauletta's shapely and very feminine ass. He was prepared, so he lifted the skirt and folded it onto his back and saw what had been meant about the panties, which were black and ruffled and crotchless. They were designed for a woman who wanted to make her pussy available without removing them, and Pauletta was wearing them backward so his ass would be what was available. Before he did anything else, Brendan gently squeezed both cheeks, thinking how lucky he was for finding such a sexy partner so easily.

Paul quivered with delight when he felt the neck of the squeeze bottle inserted in his ass, and felt more and much greater thrills when a gush of cool, oily liquid entered him. His delight was made greater by what he knew the neck and the lubricant presaged. Pauletta accepted the bottle when it was handed back to him and capped it, setting it on top of the water tank and reaching back to spread the cheeks of his ass, also moving the ruffles of the panties out of the way and giving a better view of what he was so proud of. 

That pride was justified. Brendan was being presented with one of the prettiest asses he had ever seen, round and soft and with a creamy-white and hairless cleft that had just been made visible to him. The pink hole he would be fucking was a cutie too, and reminded him of a tiny rosebud that was blossoming just for him, because Pauletta was holding it spread open. He had not put any lubrication on himself, because he believed, correctly, that his partner's ass would be loose enough and oily enough that nothing additional would be necessary. 

With one hand, he guided his erect cock and placed the tip against the center of the cute rosebud, moving it up and down to cover it with some of the lube, before carefully centering it again. With a firm thrust, the head popped through the ring of muscles into the place that was so appealing to him. Pauletta let out a sigh of joy, because the cock felt so good wedging into his ass, and Brendan echoed the happy sound. One hand rested on the panty covered hip while the other was still guiding his shaft, and he gave a second thrust forward. 

Pauletta let out another happy sigh, even louder than the first, because his ass was already being stretched open, and the adjacent channel was starting to be expanded. The third thrust drove the thick cock in farther, and the head of it started to massage Pauletta's prostate gland, sending a different kind of thrill coursing all through his body. 

"Oooo, that feels so good," he murmured back over his shoulder. "Give it all to me." 

That was what Brendan wanted to do, but he was in no hurry. The ass he was starting to fuck was one of the tightest and hottest places his cock had ever been, and he wanted to take his time, so he and the owner of that tight, hot place would receive as much pleasure as possible. Enough of his shaft was embedded that he no longer had to guide it, so he put his right hand on Pauletta's other hip and pulled back with both hands as he thrust his cock forward. Most of the hard cylinder plowed into the oily place where both men wanted it, and Paul moaned from the intense pleasure he was being given. The feelings of delight were radiating outward from where the opening and his love channel were being stretched and from where his prostate gland, which he referred to of as his clit, was being massaged by the stiff cock that was giving him so much joy. 

Still taking his time, Brendan drew back and drove his cock forward, this time imbedding its entire length in the ass of the man bent over in front of him. Every detail of what he was doing in the men's room was perfect, from the slickness of the ass he was cramming to the ruffles on Pauletta's panties and how they were tickling his pubic area to the way his partner was moaning in bliss from the extreme pleasure he was being given. For a minute or two, Brendan left his shaft where it was, relishing how tight his partner was and how the muscles in the gay man's ass felt to him as they rippled over his cock. Even his hands were being pleased, as they held to the soft hips covered by the slick nylon panties. 

But slow fucking was better than remaining stationary, so Brendan drew his cock most of the way out, paused, and plunged it back into the tight place of pleasure. When Pauletta felt the big giver of pleasure surging into him, he pushed against the water tank of the toilet seat and fucked back to meet it. The two bodies met silently, except for the moans of joy both men were uttering. The next stroke was the same, and so was the one after that and many more, as both men felt their climaxes starting to build. 

The long, thick cock going in and out of Pauletta was one of the best in his experience, and he bowed his back, raising his hips and presenting Brendan with a better target. From the intense pleasure he was receiving, he had begun shifting his weight from one foot to the other in the same tempo as surges of the cock into his avid ass, and the changing angles enhanced his pleasure. Pauletta's moans of bliss were louder, and could be heard by others in the men's room. He didn't care, and neither did they, except for some men being envious, because they had all made similar sounds in the same place and for the same reason. 

Paul's cock was fully erect and struggling to escape the confines of his panties, so he used one hand to carefully push the waistband down below his balls. His erection sprang free, and he held it in one hand and started to stroke himself. His other hand remained on the water tank where it supported his weight, and he used it to push back and meet the thrusts of the long, thick shaft into his ass. Pauletta's joyful noises became even louder as waves of ecstasy swept over him from his own cock, to be added to those already inundating his body from where his other sex organs were being exquisitely pleasured by the big cock steadily plowing in and out of him. He could feel his climax mounting to its apex, and knew he was only moments away from a powerful orgasm. 

Brendan was almost ready to cum too, after the long period of slow fucking. He increased his pace, ramming his cock faster into the ass that was making it feel so good, and pulling back on Pauletta's hips at the same time and making full penetration. His gay partner's joyful moans were louder; he saw the other man stroking his cock, and knew it was time for him to cum too. Harder and faster, he pounded his cock into Pauletta's ass until his climax welled up inside and exploded outward. He shot a big wad of cum into his condom, but kept driving it in and out until he had ejaculated two more times. The fucking was over for him, but he wanted to leave his cock imbedded in Pauletta's ass until his sexy partner also climaxed.

Paul felt the hard presence in his ass swell up as the wielder of it started cumming, and his own orgasm erupted too. A big gob of his juices splashed into the toilet, and was followed by another and still another as he ejaculated the semen that had been building up since his last visit to The Purple Knight. All his muscles relaxed, and Pauletta was glad Brendan still held onto his hips, or he might have collapsed onto the floor. 

After their great climaxes, Paul stayed where he was, leaning on the water tank until his breathing returned to normal. Brendan was right behind him, also waiting until he caught his breath. His cock was softening, but he let it stay imbedded in the ass where it had given and received so much pleasure. He was the first to speak. 

"That was great, Pauletta. Better than any pussy I've ever had." That was not entirely true, but fucking the gay man in the ass in the men's room had been more satisfying to him than many of his sexual encounters with women. 

"It was great for me too." That was entirely true; Paul had just gotten some of the best fucking in his life. 

"Do you come here very often? Reason I ask is I have an apartment just a block away, and I think we could have a lot more fun lying in my bed than standing up in the rest room." 

"I know we could."

Paul felt Brendan's cock slip out of his ass and he turned around to kneel in front of the other man and gently roll the condom off and throw it in the toilet bowl. He remained on his knees while his tongue and lips cleaned all the cum off his cock, even gently squeezing to get everything he could. Paul loved the taste of fresh semen, and saw no reason to waste it. After his cock had been cleaned by Pauletta's mouth and some toilet paper, Brendan pulled his shorts and pants back up and adjusted his clothing. Before leaving the cubicle, he shook hands with Pauletta and suggested getting together again the following week. Paul agreed, and his new friend left. 

Using more toilet tissue, Paul wiped off his own cock and cleaned his ass and thighs of all the excess lubrication. Those sex organs had been satisfied for the time being, but he wanted to go back into the barroom, pick up another man, bring him into the same place and suck him off. The small taste of cum he had gotten had whetted his appetite for more. He adjusted his clothing, put the bottle of oil back into his purse and left the rest room, intending to sip another glass of wine and look for another horny man. 

Thank you for reading this story by me, Boxlicker101. Here is an URL to many more of my stories: http://www.literotica.com/stories/memberpage.php?uid=207952&page=submissions

I hope you had as much fun as Pauletta and Brendan did and will probably be having together in the future I like writing stories on Literotica, but I like it a lot more when I know that people are reading and enjoying them, and I really appreciate it when readers take the time to express their opinions by voting. Like most authors on Literotica, I practically live for feedback from readers, either public comments or email to me. Such feedback, whether praise or criticism, helps me to write more and better stories, and I respond to it whenever I can. 