 It was the summer of 2015 and my family decided to go on vacation to Spain. I was born in Spain and moved to The United States at the age of 8. I am now 20 and the last time I visited Spain was when I was 13. It's been a long time since I've seen my family and old friends. My family and I will be staying 2 weeks and this would be a perfect chance for me to reconnect with my family and practice my Spanish. It would also be the perfect time to look for some hot gay daddies to have some fun with.

I am the youngest of 3 brothers and the only one gay. I came out to my family when I was 19 and they were supportive and seemed to understand my preferences. My brother's names are Luis, Diego, Juan and then me, Sebastian. 

When we arrived at Barcelona, memories came rushing through my head. I've always found Barcelona to be a beautiful city with a wide array of culture and traditions. The people are also super friendly. 

When we arrived at the airport, my aunt, Juliana, picked us up. On our way to her house we exchanged some small talk. My aunt was short, brown skin, long black hair and she had a big ass. I remember when I was little, every time she walked all the guys would stare at her behind. 

We arrived at her house, immediately I was greeted by my cousin, Alex. He was 22, light skin, brown hair, average body and a huge smile that I've always liked. 

My aunt's husband, George, came down to the living room to greet us. As soon as I saw him, I felt my heartbeat get faster. George was in his 40s, about 6'2", light skin, muscular but with a slight beer belly (which I found surprisingly attractive), beautiful brown eyes, big smile, and what seemed like white hair on the sides of his head. George was the definition of a hot daddy. 

"Hey! Sebastian, how's it going?" George said giving me a slight hug.

I felt my body get warm as soon as he touched me. The only thing that came out of my mouth was a vague response. "Uhh... I'm good thanks."

George noticed that I got nervous as soon as he hugged me. While greeting my other brothers he kept an eye on me. Fuck. Only my parents and brothers know I'm gay. None of my family in Spain knew I was gay. 

The day passed and it was already nighttime. Everyone was lucky enough to get their own room since my aunt's house was surprisingly big. I was in my room hanging my clothes from my luggage and I decided to go to the kitchen to get a drink of water. As I was drinking water, my aunt's phone started to ring in the breakfast table. I figured she would be in her room so I run upstairs. I don't hear any noise coming from her room so I slowly open the door and I don't see her, but I saw that the bathroom light was on. As soon as I turned my head I was astounded by what I saw. I see my aunt giving George a blowjob inside the shower.

"Oh shit! I'm sorry." I said as I turned around and quickly walked away, throwing her phone on her bed. 

I walked to my room and closed the door. I cannot get the image of George's dick out of my head. Wow. It's the biggest dick I've ever seen. It literally looked like a peeled banana. It was so big that it hung to the side. It was uncircumcised and full of pubic hair. 

I couldn't stop thinking about his dick and it had me hard all night. I had to blow off my load before I went to bed. 

*-*-*

The next morning my aunt's voice woke me up.

"Guys! Come downstairs, breakfast is ready."

I put on some shorts and a shirt and I head downstairs. From the corner of my eye I see George's back. He was getting coffee. The image of his big dick came back to my head. He turned around and he was wearing gray sweatpants. I could see his dick print and I was getting hard again. I can't stop thinking about him. 

As we ate breakfast, I glanced at my aunt Juliana. She looked at me and acted like she never saw me last night. I then look at George and he gave me a quick smirk. I quickly looked down and kept eating my breakfast.

"We're going to the beach today. It's a sunny day and it'll be warm. Get ready in an hour." Aunt Juliana said as she looked at everyone around the table. 

Going to the beach sounded like a good idea. Maybe looking at other hot guys would take the image of George's dick out of my head.

I took a quick shower. As I was putting my underwear on, George walked in on me in the bathroom. I quickly jumped. 

"Can I help you?!" I tried my best to not sound grumpy.

"Oh..." he said, looking up and down my body. "Sorry." He slowly walked out of the bathroom. 

I wasn't shocked that he walked in on me, I was shocked at the way he was looking at my body. He looked like he was checking me out. Something about George is unsettling, but I can't stop thinking about him. Fuck. 

We were at the beach for a long time. I had fun swimming and playing around with brothers and cousin. Sometimes I would have to stay in the water to hide my boner. Thinking about George has me desperate for dick. I needed his dick.

When we got home we quickly got ready to go to my grandparents house for dinner. I haven't seen them in a long time and getting to see them tonight warmed my heart. 

As soon as we arrived at my grandparents house, I give them the biggest hug. They were such a cute couple. My grandma was always bossy and grumpy with my grandpa but I knew deep down she loved him. On the other hand, my grandpa was a wise old man, generous and very polite. 

Dinner was served and we all sat down. I felt a manly presence next to me. It was George. I tried acting normal but I felt like George could read my mind because he kept looking at me. Everyone was talking and laughing and I just seemed to play along. Out of nowhere something touched me and an electric spark went up my body. I looked down and see George's hand grabbing my crotch under the table. I didn't know how to react so I looked at George and he was acting like nothing was happening.

"Holy fuck!!" I said to myself as his hand was touching my crotch. 

"Yeah. Yeah. The beach was great!" he said, keeping up with the conversation everyone was having. While massaging my crotch. 

I don't know where I got the courage to do this, but my hand seemed to find its way under the table to meet George's dick. I was touching his dick and he was hard. His dick was so big I still couldn't believe it. 

We played with each others dick under the table until everyone started to get up. It took him a while to get up because his boner had to go down, or else everyone would notice it. 

On our way back home, my mind was filled with images of George's dick. I needed him to fuck me. I wanted him so bad. 

When we got home, George was acting like nothing happened and we all went to bed. I was disappointed because I thought he was just playing with me. 

I got undressed, turned off the lights, and laid on my side. I left my door unlocked because a part of me was wanting George to come in at night. 

My wish came true. Around 3 A.M, I felt a warm body get under the covers and pushed me against him. Immediately I could feel something poking my butt, I turn around and I see George putting his hand over my mouth. 

"Shhhhh." he said. I was shocked and the only thing I could manage to do was smell his hand. It smelled musty and sweaty but I didn't care.

"I see the way that you look at me. We played with our dicks during dinner. You're such a bad boy. I think I need to teach you a lesson." he said, whispering in my ear, feeling his warm breath. 

He took his hand off my mouth and drool was sliding off the edge of my lips. 

"Are you sure you want this. What about my aunt? What if she sees us?" I said hesitantly. 

"Don't worry about your aunt. She was tired from today and fell asleep quick. Since I can't fuck her pussy tonight, I'm going to fuck your tight boy pussy." George said as he pushed me harder into his dick. 

I responded with a slight moan. George got under the covers and took off my underwear. He grabbed my back and pushed me on my stomach. 

"George what are you going to do to me?" I asked as I bit my lips.

"I'm going to give you what you want." he said aggressively. 

All I could think about was how dominant he was and how he was making me feel like his bitch. If me being his bitch means me getting dick tonight, I'm in!

He grabbed my cheeks with both of his hands and squished them hard. "Fuck your ass is so soft." he grunted. 

While grabbing my ass he started to lick my asshole. Holy fuck. His tongue was so wet and it felt so strong. I could feel the pressure of his tongue on my horny hole. 

"Fuck! Go deeper!" I demanded as I closed my eyes. 

He certainly did and I felt his tongue twirling around my asshole. My dick was hard as fuck and I felt pre cum coming out of my dick.

I turned around and whispered. "Lay down. I've been dreaming of sucking your cock all day. I want it deep down my throat." 

He gave me a quick look while licking his lips. "As you wish, boy."

I make eye contact with his dick and I was mesmerized. I put it in my hand and it was slightly heavy. He took it from my hand and started slapping his dick on my face. I opened my mouth and he slid it in. It was so big that I could only get half of it in my mouth. I kept sucking his cock vigorously. 

"Ahhhhh yes! Just like that boy!" he moaned quietly. 

I managed to get three fourths of his big dick down my throat and I was having the time of my life. I loved sucking his dick. Playing with his foreskin was my favorite part. 

As I kept sucking his dick, he pulled back and pushed me back on my stomach.

"I'm going to fuck you so good boy, you're going to be moving side to side when I'm done with you." he said aggressively. Dirty talk turns me on so much.

He licked my asshole again. Leaving it wet and loose. I was prepared to take his dick up my ass.

"FUCK!" I let out a loud moan.

"Shhhhhh. You're going to wake someone up!" he whispered.

His dick went up my ass slowly and I felt the pressure his dick created inside my hole. I have never been fucked with such a big dick, his dick was exploring new places of my boy pussy. 

"Your boy cunt is so deep, fuck!" he moaned.

As I was on my stomach, he laid on top of me and covered my mouth. "My big dick is going to make you scream, boy." he whispered in my ear.

He started to fuck me hard. My asshole felt so stretched out but he was hitting all the right spots. He kept thrusting me harder and harder and I knew I was about to cum. 

He felt by body tense up and started fucking me even harder. I was cumming without even touching my aching dick. I bite one of his fingers to not let out a loud moan. 

After I came he kept fucking me hard. His breathing was getting heavier, his wet body against my own. He was about to cum and fucked me deeper and deeper with each thrust. Before I knew it, I felt his hot cum squirt down my asshole. He came so hard I felt his body shaking on top of mine. 

"Your boy pussy was exquisite." he said panting, taking his huge dick out of my asshole. 

He got up and licked some of the cum dripping out of my asshole. He laid besides me looking into my eyes. We said nothing to each other but all I could think about is how empty my asshole felt without his dick inside of me. Before I knew it he fell asleep besides me. Feeling satisfied, I fell asleep on his arms. 

*-*-*

The next morning someone's voice woke me up. Aunt Juliana was calling George across the house.

"Fuck!" I said to myself.

I tried waking George up but he was still asleep and before I knew it aunt Juliana walked in on us. 

As soon as she saw us naked in the bed she closed the door and hurried to sit down on a chair. 

"Aunt is not what you think! I.. I..." fuck I couldn't think of anything. Shit!

George woke up and as soon as he saw his wife he quickly got up.

"Honey what are doing here?!" he asked nervously.

Aunt Juliana stared at us for at least a minute before saying anything. 

"Well I see that you two had a blast last night. Right? I'm not mad. But if you want me to keep this to myself I want you guys to repeat what you did last night. In front of me. Now." she said, keeping a straight face and looking at us in the eye.

George and I look at each other...