 I had tried hosting before and it didn't seem to work out. Maybe it was the atmosphere or maybe just the men but there was no spark in the tryst, if you know what I mean. This time was different though. He picked me up and after spending a few minutes talking, here I am with his hard, thick cock buried deep inside my ass hole. I can feel everything as he slides in and out of me, his head rubbing against the walls of my canal and his length hitting the end of it too. God, he really knows how to fuck and I am enjoying it beyond imagination.

He started slowly and as he picked up speed, I pushed back against his thrusts and now his balls are slapping the back of my thighs with a resounding smack every time he thrusts up fully into me. His grunts are matching my moans as he continuously fills my canal. I can hear his breath getting a little labored from all the energy he is putting into fucking me and his cock has twitched several times inside me. He must be close to coming as he now slowed down his thrusts, concentrating on getting as deep inside me as he can every time he thrusts up into me.

I quickly get off my hands and knees and push him onto his back before mounting him. Thrusting my hips down over his hard cock, I bury him inside me to his balls. He groans as I start to move up and down on him, his cock hitting the end of my canal every time and coming almost out as I lift myself up off him. He is coming, surely soon, so I pick up speed and slide up and down him as quickly as I can without losing my balance.

Just as he starts coming, I happen to look up and next door I see my neighbors watching us. Nick is standing in the window and I can see his arm moving back and forth while Judy is pulling on her naked nipples while her other hand is out of sight below the window frame. I can see her arm is moving too. While the cock deep inside my ass hole empties itself, I watch as Nick reaches over and starts to caress Judy's breast. She, at the same time, reaches over and takes over rubbing his cock. Now, I haven't lived here very long and most of the time I don't see them but there they are watching and obviously, enjoying what they see. 

After a few minutes, I get off the man's lap and walk over to the window. Opening the curtains a little more, I notice the Nick and Judy have disappeared. Feeling a little disappointed; I return to the man on my bed and take him into my mouth, cleaning the come and me off him. He holds my head while I clean him up and only lets go of me when he starts to get hard again. Now, we aren't exactly young but I am pleasantly surprised he can recover so quickly. Taking a few minutes to make him a little harder, I turn over onto by back and raise my legs up in the air. Pulling my cheeks apart, I tell him to fuck me again. As he mounts me, I look out the window and there they are again, only this time Nick is behind Judy and is fucking her as they watch me getting fucked again. Judy is leaning against the window, holding herself up with her hands as Nick ploughs in and out of her. I can see she is moaning a little because her mouth is open and she seems to be gasping as Nick continues to fuck her. 

I stop watching them and concentrate on the man above me with his hard thick cock buried once again deep inside me. This time he is wasting no time pounding away at me. His cock is in and out of me quicker then before and his sweat from the exertion is dripping onto my chest. He grunts every time he thrusts into me and I start to groan in ecstasy as he pounds away.

This time it feels better then the first time if that's possible and I can't help but talk to him, telling him to fuck me harder and deeper. He doesn't last as long as the first time but still fills my canal with his hot juice when he comes inside me. Holding himself against the back of my upraised thighs, he pumps spurt after spurt of come deep inside me. He now is sliding out of me and his cock comes out with a slight plop. He grunts and slowly moves away from me telling me that he is done for the night.

I quickly look out the window and Nick is still pounding Judy from behind. She is standing more upright now and he has bent his knees to keep thrusting into her. I watch them as he comes inside her and she moans as he fills her with his hot seed. How I envy her but at the same time, I know that this might be the start of something but I'll just have to wait.