 Chapter 1

Beads of sweat trickled down the back of Joshua's neck, as he bent over the pump, and ran onto his back and into the crevices of his spine. As he straightened up, out of the shadows, the roaring sun beat down on his slowly bare skin and he flinched as his arm brushed the boiling metal of the car.

It was the beginning of summer and already the annual heats had arrived. Joshua had been working at the gas station for a month, since his first year at college had ended. He was working to earn money to pay for his next year of college, but it wasn't going well – the gas station was the only place he could find a job, and filling cars didn't earn a great pay. Regardless, he had to keep on working, as there was no chance of finishing his education without any extra cash.

With a lazy wave – even small movement was difficult in this thick heat – the driver of the car pulled out of the station. As Joshua watched the car accelerate down the road, he ran his hand across his sweaty brow and pushed back the flop of wavy brown hair. He glanced at the large clock above the door of the staff's booth – it was barely past midday, he had another five hours of this hard tedious work to do. Already his body was aching and dripping with sweat; he'd taken off his soaked shirt a little over an hour ago and he could feel his skin burning.

The noise of a pretty big engine caught his attention, and he turned to see a shining, silver Mercedes pull into the station. He couldn't help but roll his eyes bitterly – how could some people afford to cruise around in sports cars all day while he was stuck doing manual labour for no pay? Silently, he prayed that the Mercedes wouldn't pull into his pump's bay, but there was no such luck.

Unenthusiastically, he walked to the driver's window, which slid down as he approached.

"Hi. How can I help you?" he asked, dipping his head to the window. The man driving the Mercedes looked like the first comfortable person he'd seen today – he wore cool, white trousers with a matching linen shirt, open at the collar so that sparse salt-and-pepper chest hair was just visible. The car's efficient air conditioning kept the sticky heat outside. The man's dark sunglasses looked expensive.

"Yeah, diesel please," the man replied in a deep, melodic voice.

As Joshua finished filling the Mercedes, a he suddenly felt as if he was being watched. Quickly, he stood up and looked through the back window into the rear-view mirror of the car in which, he could have sworn, the man was looking him up and down. But the man was still wearing sunglasses and it was hard to tell. He shook his head to dispel the strange feeling.

He replaced the pump and returned to the driver's window.

"$110 please, sir." The man picked his wallet out of the well next to him and fished out the notes, handing them to Joshua.

"Say, what's a fit young lad like you doing working at a gas station?" The man's question took him by surprise, and it took him a moment to answer.

"Trying to earn a bit of cash to pay for college," he replied, "it's not going so well though."

"Hmm," the man murmured, and a thoughtful look clouded his face. Slowly, he pushed his sunglasses onto his head to reveal large, dark brown eyes, which began to roam across Joshua's body. Now he was sure of it – the man had been looking at him earlier, with this same unnerving, but not entirely unpleasant, piercing look. He felt as if the older man's eyes were taking in everything – his glistening, smooth, muscular chest, the faint outline of his strong abs, the curly, matted hair beneath his arms. Finally, they made contact with his own set of bright green eyes.

"Say, what's your name," he asked.

"Joshua Stevens."

"Well, Joshua" he said, "if you need some extra cash I've got a job you can do for me. I pay well," he added, with a glint in his eye.

"I could do with the money," Joshua admitted. He would not usually have considered an offer like this from a total stranger, but there was a strange draw about the man, and his offer was intriguing.

"Come along to this address this evening if you're interested," continued the man, drawing a card from his wallet and handing it to Joshua, "I'll tell you more about it."

On that note, the conversation was ended. The man thanked Joshua, bade him a good day and drove out of the station.

Joshua heard the sound of his engine, and the man's face and offer remained in his mind, long after the Mercedes disappeared around the bend.

*

It was just gone 8.30, the sun had dipped into the horizon leaking red light across the sky and the temperature had dropped a little. Joshua stood, awestruck, in front of two wrought-iron gates, which had opened as he had ridden up onto the magnificent estate where the man he'd met earlier that day – Henry Crowe, as it said on his card – lived. A plaque to the side of the gates identified the estate as 'Pleasure Manor.' Joshua frowned at the oddness of the name.

He stood his bike up against a stone pillar holding the gate and began to walk up the gravelled drive, at the end of which he could see the familiar Mercedes parked in front of the house.

The estate was about 3 miles out of town, in a beautiful, remote area. The great stone mansion in front of him was fronted by period, stone walls which revealed manicured gardens either side of the drive. The house, as he walked towards it, reminded him of old, Gothic castles from movies, but without the towering turrets and haunted wings.

When he reached the high, dark wood double doors, Joshua reached up and pulled down on a long rope-bell to his left, which incurred a resounding ring. Expecting the double doors to swing open, he was surprised to hear the swing of hinges to his right. He turned to see a small side-door opening and a tall, muscular, olive-skinned man come out. He was wearing a smart open-neck shirt and light, plain trousers. He smiled apologetically,

"Sorry, Mr Crowe doesn't like using these main doors," said the man, with a hint of a Spanish accent, "he thinks it makes him look like a snob. Rich coming from a man who owns a place like this," he added with a smile. Joshua laughed politely. "I'm Stefan, I work for Mr Crowe," he continued, "you must be Joshua."

"Yes, I'm here about a job."

"I know. Please come through."

Stefan lead Joshua through a grand hall – marble floors, expensive art-work, a life-size sculpture of an Adonis and a large oak staircase leading up to a balcony corridor above the hall – and through a small door to the side of the stair case. Joshua found himself in a living room of sorts, their were two brown leather sofas and an armchair which surrounded an entirely glass coffee table; the walls were covered in art – a lot of which, to Joshua's amazement, was of naked men in various poses – and a large flat screen TV was mounted above the fireplace, in front of the glass table. French windows opened out onto a small, walled garden.

"Make yourself comfortable," said Stefan, with a smile, "Mr Crowe should be through in a few minutes."

Joshua sat himself on the smaller of the sofas, still taking in the splendour of the house.

After a couple of minutes, he heard soft footsteps on the marble outside the door. He turned to see Mr Crowe entering, wearing only a white bathrobe that had fallen open to his navel revealing chiselled pecs and nicely toned abs. He carried a white towel to dry his dark hair.

"Joshua, Joshua," he said jovially, extending a hand to be shaken, "I'm sorry, I was just swimming when you arrived. Such great weather needs to be taken advantage of." Joshua nodded in agreement. "I was hoping you'd come along. In fact, I had Stefan dress up for the occasion." Joshua barely had time to contemplate this strange comment before Mr Crowe breezed on, "so you're here about the job?"

"Yes, sir," Joshua replied.

"Pah," Mr Crowe snorted, as he lowered himself onto an armchair opposite, "what's with this 'sir?' Call me Harry," he smiled at Joshua, and once again he felt the man's strange draw.

"Thanks, Harry."

"So let's get started. Firstly, I want you to promise to hear me out. You might not like what you hear, but promise to hear me out."

Alarm bells started ringing in Joshua's head – the request was very strange. But there was something about the man in front of him that made him nod his head, "I'll hear you out."

"Good. First thing I want to ask, Josh – do you mind if I call you Josh? The first thing I want to ask is: what sort of sexual experience do you have?"

"Wha-? Why do you-?" Joshua spluttered at the unexpectedly personal question, but Harry's dark eyes widened imploringly, and Joshua decided to go along with him. "Well I- I can't say I have a wide experience, you know, I'm only 19, but I've had sex, yeah. I've had sex with three girls, and gotten head a few times... but nothing experimental. I- I don't really know what you want me to say."

"No, I'm merely inquisitive. Say, Josh, have you ever had any sexual experience with another man?"

"No!" Joshua exclaimed. He had a funny idea he knew where this was going.

"Have you ever been curious?"

"I- no, not really. I mean, I can appreciate how people find other guys attractive but no, not really," Joshua garbled.

"Uh-huh," Harry Crowe nodded, "well, Josh, I'm gay. And sex, unsurprisingly, is my passion. Sex and fine art... and if both can be incorporated I'm game. You see, Josh, I used to be a very successful businessman, and I earned a lot of money through stock exchange – a dangerous business unless you're careful. I earned so much that, at the age of 41, I retired, and set up home here to pursue my goals. Well, pursue is the wrong word, really, as all I needed was money, of which I had plenty.

"And so, I set up this estate, this sexual haven of mine, if you will. You may call me shallow to call this my goal, but that is what it is – my goal was to have a safe home full of beautiful men. Without worry, just happiness and laughter and sex. You see, I employ the best looking men I can find to come and live here with me and enjoy this unbounded freedom. All I ask from them is their bodies and their love – no, not their love of me, their love of what they do. I could not stand to think I was paying someone for all this sexual pleasure..." he drifted off.

Joshua sat in a state of mild shock – shock at this story, shock that he was listening, shock that he had not stopped Harry from talking, and shock at the stirring it had caused at his groin.

"You caught my eye today, Josh. You are a very handsome, sexy young man. This is my offer. I will pay you to live here with me. You'll be one of my companions, one of my friends. You'll be homed, fed and watered, and you'll be well paid. So, what do you say?"

It took Joshua a few moments before he could open his mouth,

"I, well, I'm, I'm very flattered, Mr Crowe, but well, I'm not gay-"

"From the hint of a tent in your pants, Josh, I think someone disagrees," Harry smiled that drawing smile again.

"Yes, I suppose you're right," laughed Josh, as the smile had seemed to drain the tension out of him, "but I'm really not sure."

"Well, how's about I give you a taster of what the job would be, and see if I can persuade you."

Mr Crowe rose from his seat and walked to Joshua, and knelt between his legs. Carefully, he began to unbuckle his belt.

"Mr Crowe, really I- I'm not sure..." Joshua squirmed.

"Ssh," whispered Harry, as he unzipped Joshua's jeans "just enjoy yourself."

His whole body relaxed – something about the man had taken its hold over him. Harry's hand brushed Joshua's cock through his boxers as he pulled open the jeans and he felt himself stiffen.

"That's better," Harry whispered, "now, let's see what we've got here." With that, he pulled down the waistband of Joshua's boxers releasing the hard cock, which slapped up to his belly. Harry gasped.

"My, my, Joshua, you've got quite a tool hanging there between your legs."

Joshua blushed proudly – his thick, uncut cock was just under 8" long, and the engorged purple head was glistening with precum. He knew he was well-endowed.

Mr Crowe reached out his hand and stroked the head, causing Joshua to shiver with pleasure. He moved his hand to grasp the base, nestling in the neat curls of hair.

"You trim? Glad to see you take care of yourself."

Gently, he ran his hand up and down the length of the shaft, squeezing temptingly at the head so that Joshua's cock twitched.

"Josh, how about I get you comfortable, so I can do this monster justice?" Harry asked, smiling. Joshua just nodded, unable to speak. Harry reached up and unbuttoned his shirt, planting kisses on his chest as his hands travelled down, nibbling at the stiffened nipples, running his tongue along the muscular grooves of Joshua's stomach. He threw the shirt onto the glass table. Joshua's shoes, socks, trousers and boxers soon followed. Finally, Joshua stood naked in the fading sunlight with Harry knelt before him. Playfully, Harry pushed him back onto the sofa.

"That's better," he laughed. "Are you ready?" But he didn't wait for an answer as Joshua, blood pounding in his ears, watched the older man take his cock into his mouth. For a few seconds, he teased the swollen glands with his tongue, flicking and stroking. He released the rock hard organ and moved down to Joshua's testicles. He brushed the sac with his lips, running his tongue so lightly down the scrotum, across the sensitive stretch of skin to his asshole and back again that it was like torture for Joshua, who writhed and shook with ecstasy.

Harry took one spherical orb into his mouth, sucking and rolling it around, so that he could feel the heat rising inside, before taking the other and giving it the same treatment. 

Joshua moaned as he watched the older man tormenting his balls. Harry was still wearing the white robe, and Joshua yearned to reach down and rip it off; to feel the smooth skin of Harry's back; to run his fingers through the scattering of chest hair, man on man, skin on skin. Completely taken over by this unfamiliar desire, he pulled at the robe so that the loose strings at the waist came undone. Without taking his attention off of Joshua's boiling sac, Harry helped to manoeuvre himself out of the bathrobe, which was thrown unceremoniously to the floor.

Harry drew himself away from the young man's testicles. Gently, he lifted Joshua's legs and turned him so that he was now lying on the leather sofa. He stood, revealing his own erection – Joshua appreciated the slight curve of the thick, cut cock, which can't have been smaller than his own, and the deep purple veins that ran like tributaries along it's length. Looking at him, Harry climbed onto the sofa, and positioned himself so that he lay between Joshua's bent legs.

Without breaking eye contact, he ran his tongue up the length of the cock, watching the gleam of pleasure in Joshua's eye, and then took the head into his mouth. Tantalizingly slowly, he moved his lips down the shaft, playfully flicking his tongue against the head. When he had taken 5" of the cock, he moved his lips back up again, to suck on the head. He did this again and again, each time taking a little bit more, teasing a little bit more, before withdrawing.

Joshua reached down to touch the hot skin of Harry's back, moving to stroke the muscular chest and play with the swollen nipples. Without warning, Harry sucked more aggressively on Joshua's cock head, causing Joshua to involuntarily pinch Harry's nipple. Harry moaned, and the tremors ran through Joshua's cock and along his body, dizzying and shaking his mind.

Finally, Harry lowered his lips to the base of Joshua's long shaft, with apparent ease, and Joshua groaned as he felt the head of his cock slip down the older man's throat.

He stretched out his leg, and felt Harry's thick, warm cock rest on it.

He felt Harry's throat muscles begin to massage his cock, and felt his tongue slither out of his mouth to lick at his ball sac. Harry's hands began to roam his body. They ran across the dip of his hips; travelled up the trail of hair that led from his groin to his navel; they stroked the planes of his abs and they explored his tight muscular chest, flicking and pinching his nipples so that he twitched.

Harry returned to stroking his shaft up and down with his lips, but this time more vigorously, more purposefully, more animal. He expertly sucked on his head, then nose-dived into the patch of pubic hair, making Joshua tense and buckle. With this rhythm, Harry rocked his hips back and forth, so that his cock rubbed against Joshua's leg.

As Harry devoured his cock with increasing energy, he began to feel a stirring in his loins, the oscillating tense-and-relax of muscles deep within him, and he knew what was coming.

"Harry, Harry," his voice was hoarse and rifled with tremors and shakes, "I- I'm going to cum."

But Harry didn't stop, he just pumped Joshua's bulging member harder and faster, and ground his groin harder and faster onto Joshua's leg.

The orgasm was growing inside of him – it spread from his groin up his stomach and chest; it shot down his limbs. His breathing became rugged as Harry's tempo increased. The tingling orgasm became more violent, rocking his body and his head, until his mind felt as if it were splitting. Suddenly, finally, his hips bucked and he felt his hot seed rush down his cock and explode into Harry's mouth. His body quivered as he shot once, twice, thrice and at the same time, he felt Harry's cum spurt onto his leg in a torrent. Slowly, he drifted back down to earth.

Harry had swallowed most of his cum, and the small amount that had trickled from the sides of his mouth he licked from his lips as he watched Joshua. Harry smiled,

"So, what do you say, Josh? Fancy a job?"

Josh hesitated for a moment, but only a moment. "When do I start?"