 "You know, maybe, Jake -- it is that point in your life where you need to start exercising more," my wife, Debbie, said, before she patted my "tummy."

I'm not quite sure why women think they are the only ones who care about their appearance or their weight, but they seem passive-aggressively oblivious to the body image issues of the modern male. I sighed.

We had no sex that night, or any night for the two weeks that had preceded it. A part of me didn't really mind -- making love to Debbie had become chore-like in the last few years.

She was right, even if it stung. I had lost my confidence as I soared above my ideal weight. In college I had been cut, which along with my cute face and big dick had won me endless success with a string of bimbos. The women themselves weren't as important as the effortless victories they represented -- an affirmation of my sex appeal and machismo.

Her comment tore at me while I was at the office, and so after work the next day I registered at the local fitness club. Even upon entering just to register, I remembered why I loathed gyms lately -- every man in there seemed to be a pile of muscles without a trace of fat or weakness. What had merely horrified me in the past intrigued me now -- could I become like them? An Adonis who felt confident and sexy, who got what he wanted with effortless ease?

I smiled as a trainer named John approached me. He was to show me around. He was a mountain of a man -- surely 6'5'' at the very least, with shoulders that stood out from his strong back. I idly wondered how big his cock was, but then I cut the thought out of my mind as I always did with homoerotic wonderings.

"You'll be in good hands here, Mr. Turner," John said, obviously excited about showing off the gym to a new client. "There is no one- and I promise you this -- NO ONE who cannot get fit if he or she puts the time and effort into it. You just have to want it."

I told him I would start the next day, and I was happily on my way (in my own mind at least) to reclaiming the glory days of my youth.

But then it hurt. It hurt a lot. The next few days at the gym were grueling- John was a cold hearted task master, and in my mind I was convinced he liked to see me suffer. Or I was just old and whiny -- I couldn't tell.

When Friday came, John gave me the hardest session of the whole week. I told him my arms were gone halfway through it, but he kept pushing me through. As I left for home, I thought to myself, "Things will only get easier from here. You've mastered yourself, and that is the greatest accomplishment of all."

Over the weekend, I started to miss John. I missed a man. It was a new sensation to me -- and I think I knew in my heart that I was sexually attracted to my massive gym coach. As I was lying in bed my hand slipped down into my boxers and I grabbed my already throbbing cock. I loved the feeling of my hand wrapped around my thick shaft...and in my mind I imagined it was John. As I stroked it, I imagined him moaning, imagined his eyes rolling back in his head. He was at a loss for words because of the pleasure, and so was I. I imagined my free hand rubbing his huge pecs and slipping down his unbelievably hard abs. God, he was sexy. Women never made me as ferociously hard as the mental image of the sexy blonde male trainer did.

The incredible POP of an intense orgasm washed over me. I lost myself to mindless ecstasy, and felt three weeks worth of built-up semen splash across my lower arm. I felt masculine, strong, and naughty all at the same time. The post-orgasm bliss faded away, and I lay there breathing hard. Well, this was new.

Monday, after work, my excitement for the gym was impossible to contain. After a weekend rest, I felt so alive. Seeing John again sent a guilty thrill surging through my cock, knowing, as he didn't, that I had vigorously handled myself to my imagination's version of him. How would he react if he knew? It changed my perception of him for sure, and as he spotted me during the bench-press it was hard for me not to think of his cock dangling a few inches above my face. He had a clean, masculine scent, and a couple of times I had to mentally remind myself not to pop a boner while looking at him.

"You did SO well today," John said at the end, not an insincere bone in his body. He was excitable -- I associated that trait with females, and that perhaps only made John more attractive. He patted me on the back, his strong hands feeling so large on me.

"Why don't you come back to the sauna with me?" John asked. I tried not to bug out my eyes as I turned to him. "YES YES YES YES YES," inside-me said. "Sure," I said out loud, "I could use some relaxation.

I had never been in a sauna before, believe it or not. I found it delightful -- I think I tend to run cold, and have always preferred warm places, blankets, and heaters. My heart leapt into my throat as John disrobed. I wasn't ashamed to be seen naked, so I disrobed along with him.

There was no force in heaven or hell that could have stopped me from developing a generous hard-on at the sight of John nude and standing in front of me. His physique put the Greek gods to shame, as perfectly and evenly developed as it was -- I longed to run my hands, lips, and tongues over the statuesque man and feel the wonderful strength of a male body.

Luckily, John looked away long enough that I was able to wrap a towel around my waist, and let my boner recede to a less rigid state. I was still breathing a bit hard.

"You don't have to wear a towel in here," he said as he looked back. I gave an awkward non-response, and we both sat on the benches, him nude and me with a towel over my lower body.

"Mmmm, it's so nice in here," he said. "Nothing relaxes me more than the sauna. Makes me feel clean and alive." He closed his eyes and leaned his head against the wall, and I took the opportunity to stare at his amazing cock. No matter how big I had fantasized it was, I had done him an imaginary disservice. He had the largest cock I had ever seen, and it added a new level of torture and arousal to my feelings at that moment. I longed to take it with my mouth, to bring it to the powerful orgasm I knew could be milked out.

Without opening his eyes, John reached down, took my hand, and placed it firmly on his cock. "Show me how much you appreciate the lessons," he said, lazily. I am surprised I didn't jizz myself instantly. I greedily grabbed his enormous dick, having been given the green light I craved more than air or life itself.

His penis felt so different, but so similar to my own. I realized in that moment that there was something exquisite about a soft cock that could easily fit two hands -- I pulled his dick into an upright position, and there was more of it flopping over the side of my hand than was actually covered by my hand.

"Oh god," I said in a low, breathy voice.

"I knew you'd fucking love it," he said, contemptuously, "I can spot a cock worshipper like you a fucking mile away."

I took long, loving strokes on his monster cock, feeling myself quickly reach a level of hardness that I hadn't experienced since I was in my early teens. Feeling his cock fill my hand was giving me more pleasure than anyone touching MY cock would have.

It took a long time for John to get fully erect, and by then I was stroking him with two hands, with 3 inches or so still popping out of the end. I had no hand to show my own penis any love, even though I needed to cum bad. He was simply relaxing, obviously confident that I was enjoying myself.

I assumed a kneeling position in front of him, but I leaned forward, so that I could kiss and lick his well defined six-pack. John gave a low moan, his first sign that he was enjoying himself.

"Take it in your mouth," he said, with no hesitation or question of politeness.

I removed my hands, and rubbed my tongue up and down the sides of his manhood, before attempting to take as much of his cock into my mouth as possible. I was no pro, obviously, and I barely got past his cockhead. The warm, velvety feeling was indescribable, and taking his cock inside my mouth felt like French kissing God.

"Relax your throat," he said, and thrust his cock hard, down past the resistance point. I was past any real coherent thought as I felt him push into my throat, I just orally rode his cock for as long as I could, savoring every fucking second of it. My hands slipped under his hard ass cheeks to get better leverage.

"Fucking cock-sucking slut," he said, reveling in his superiority.

Then I felt him seize up, and moan. He rammed down my throat hard, and then I felt the powerful muscles of his cock contract with incredible force, and I knew he was going to come. His jizz spurted into me and down my throat, past my tongue so that I didn't taste it. He spewed so much come into me it was unbelievable, and then he pulled out and emptied the rest of his balls on my face and tongue.

"You're going to get better," he said. "My training duties, I can see, have now doubled."

In time, he promised me, he would teach me to take his cock in my ass, and love it more than anything. That, by the end of the year, I would be a world class cocksucker.

With such a fabulous teacher, it's no wonder that my wife has seen an improvement in my physique.