 Easy Rider

After the dancing hotdogs were gone, the arc lights below the screen went out and the speaker cracked with the noise of big motorcycles. My tongue was licking the tip of Alexander's cock. I could not tell the color now, but from the glimpse I had before the second feature started it seemed to have collected all the melanin from his golden body and concentrated into a stiff black pole.

I held it by the base and swirled my tongue around it. There was not much taste to the slippery fluid that had collected on the piss slit, but I lapped it up and then French-kissed it to make sure I had gotten it all. My lips sought out the extra flesh behind his helmet, an unexpected tactile treat. I had never seen an un-cut penis up close, and this was too amazing for words, even if I could have said something with my mouth full of him.

Then I worked my tongue around the flesh that surrounded his heart-shaped knob and took him in my mouth where I could work my tongue on the velvety shaft.

"That's good, Rob. No teeth, gentle is good for now." He seemed willing to let me go at my own pace and I felt empowered by my submission to his manhood. I was sucking a black man's cock and it was wonderful. The pot and the wine enhanced my desire and I ran my tongue down the side of his elegant cock and down to the nest of wiry hairs that covered his balls.

The smell bathed my senses and I licked his sack and teased the orbs within. "Suck them, Rob, suck my balls, you bitch," said Alexander.

I sucked one into my eager mouth. The tender egg floated softly within the wiry covering of the silky flesh. The smell of him was making me wild. I opened my mouth wide managed to get both precious balls in my mouth. I ran my tongue between them, separating them into my cheeks. I felt his shaft rub my cheek in the darkness and the roar from the speaker matched the squirming of his hips.

I felt transported. Alexander's slim fingers caressed my hair, pressing me down into him. I sucked his balls, my mouth gaping and aching with the effort not to let my teeth interrupt his pleasure.

The voices from the speaker blurred in my eagerness to serve him. His voice blended with that of the movie. I was sucking young Jack and violent Dennis as I sucked

Alexander. I left his balls with a slurp and licked upward, worshiping his shaft. When I reached the top I plunged down on him till the throbbing tip lodged in the back of my throat. I felt my gag reflex begin and Alexander cupped my ears.

"Not yet, Rob, you'll take all of me, oh yes you will. But you can't take me deep at that angle. You'll have to be on your knees in front of me!"

I squirmed around and gripped the base of his cock and began to vigorously plunge my soft palate over his silky hardness. My mouth was getting sore from holding it so wide open but now I could focus and found a little rhythm that seemed to please him. The sweet liquor of his seed was beginning to flow, slippery on my tongue and the rich smell drove us wild.

I thought what it must look like to look down from above, to see me bobbing on that magnificent spear.

I heard him moan and I heard Jack yelling something at Peter about Dennis and then Alexander's hands pressed against my ears and froze me in my downward movement. "Damn!" he said. "You're gonna take a load!"

His words made my tongue, the only thing he had not frozen in place with the firm pressure of his hands.

It might have been the buck of his hips, or maybe it was the backfire of a Harley from the speaker, but he came in my mouth then, a mixture of sound and passion. Jets hit the back of my throat, warm and salty. A hint of chlorine. Acrid and sweet at the same time.

It was almost more than I could take all at once, but I didn't want to lose his cum and get it on his pants. I nursed on him as he held my head in place. His semen almost leaked from my mouth but I greedily captured it between my lips and my hand, and kept sucking until he was dry and clean.

"Ooh, Baby" he said as I suckled on him. "You are going to be one fine cocksucker."

It thrilled me to hear him say that and I was hard as a rock. He stroked my hair as I imprisoned his softening shaft in my mouth.

"You keep that up I might get hard again.'

I thought that sounded just fine.

Knights in White Satin

I finally sat up, blinking. The Rednecks were chasing down Peter Fonda and Dennis Hopper and I was a cocksucker.

I sought Alexander's lips with mine and he kissed me gently, our tongues meeting and sharing the residue of him that lingered on my teeth. I took a sip of wine from his cup. Mine was knocked over on the floor. "Do you want me to do you?" he asked with a smile. I reached over and felt my aching cock. The fabric of my slacks was slick with pre-cum I had been leaking like a hydrant while I suckled on him.

His touch was electric. "I'll come in a second," I said. I felt very strange. I thought that once I came I would be overcome with the significance of the moment, the strange new reality I had gobbled myself into.

I had the otherworldly feeling that I was not Rob, suburban teen anymore. I had walked through a door I had always known was there, but now I was on the other side. I was a queer cocksucker. I was still weak with desire and I did not want that to change. I wanted his lips on me, and I wanted more. I wanted him to make me completely his, complete the transformation.

"I want more, Alexander. I want to fuck."

"Well, we could try it here, but we will be the only ones left in the Drive-in."

"We have the rest of the summer," I said with wonder.

"Yes we do." I liked the sound of the "we." I was part of something with him. "but we will have to find a place to hang out with some privacy." He was very practical and I liked the natural way he took charge in the relationships. And that thrilled me, too. It was a relationship. Damn!

"I think I have a place we can go. My folks have a little cabin in the North Woods a couple hours from here. It is on a little lake. We can go there and have complete privacy."

"Sounds good to me. I'd like that a lot." The credits were rolling on the film and brake lights were coming on from the cars clustered in the middle of the parking area.

"So I guess I'll run you home and see you tomorrow at the mall." He leaned over and kissed me. "I want to sleep with you, Rob. We need to do that. Soon."

"Me too" I said. I untangled myself and popped the trunk-lid with the little handle under the dash-board. I put the speaker back on the post with the spiral cord hanging down. I got out and put the bottle of wine in an old cardboard box I kept there to keep it from rolling around. I was still hard and I would have to avoid talking to my parents when I got in and not let them see the stains on my pants. I got back in and closed the door.

He smiled at me in the bright glow of the arc lights that announced the show was over. He touched my thigh, caressing it. I knew this show wasn't over. It was only beginning.

I drove back up 32nd street past the Mall and another couple miles to the in-close suburb where the black community was clustered. The trees were full and the bungalows were old but well kept. There was no ghetto in this town, except possibly the mental one that keeps us all imprisoned in our boxes. I was still grappling with being outside of my box, a little giddy at the prospect of having made a small logical step and seeing where would take me.

"It is this one up here, on the left." I pulled across the oncoming lane and stopped at the curb in front. A single light burned downstairs behind a substantial porch. I was glad there was no one rocking on the chair there to greet us.

"I'd like to ask you in," said Alexander earnestly. "But it is late."

"Do you mean that?" I asked. "Are you saying you want to be public?" the thought was a revelation.

"Public about what? We are just friends and you are showing me the ropes. What else would anyone think? And who cares anyway?"

I was quiet, wondering about having Alexander meet my parents.

"Just relax, rob. All you did was natural. Pure nature." He leaned over and kissed me again, quickly, and was gone into the house. I gunned the engine a little, let out the clutch and drove home where the houses were more modern and the lawns a little larger.

There was no one awake to greet me except the dog, and though she sniffed me with a quizzical nose, she was not that interested.

When I got into bed I thought of Alexander's cock in my mouth and I had no more to do than touch myself and I came in great wave of semen that pooled on my belly, filling up my navel and ran off down my side. I scooped it up and licked it off my fingers, marveling in the difference in taste between us.

I slept and when the light was coming up and after the folks stirred and showered and the cars started to take them to their jobs, I drifted off again. You know what I dreamt. A night spent on white satin, with caramel skin against mine.

August is a Month of Dreams

Being a practicing homo turned out to be a lot more natural than I would have expected. 

I didn't see my folks that much anyway, our hours were not compatible, and they probably thought I was a little wound up over going away to college.

What I was wound up about, of course, is that I was now a sexual being, alive and ready for anything. Alexander and I worked at being normal at the department store, though I suspect there was gossip. The Nerd never picked up on the fact that when things were slack, or one of us was on break it was only natural that there was a hard cock being sucked in the changing rooms. 

I'm sure the block-headed Dutch wouldn't suspect anything like that, and there were no surveillance cameras back then as they are now. The most they might have suspected was the occasional Marlboro being smoked, not Alexander's proud dark lance. 

In the days that followed, and as our involvement deepened, I became obsessed with the idea of being fucked by my handsome Chicago prince.

That was too risky at the store, and we didn't any place else to go except the woods. A blow-job there, gracefully executed, seemed OK. I took am immense amount of guilty pleasure, reveling in my submission to his sex, in sinking to my knees in front of him, and undoing his thick belt with the Mod-style buckle. Or in the car when it was dark. But there were risks of getting caught, which made my submission to him just that much intense. I did not want to be looking up from under him with a cop's flashlight shining down on my face.

I wanted my first fucking to be someplace we could do it properly and have some privacy. With September bearing down on us, we arranged to get the Sunday off together and I schemed a way to go to the cabin when my folks were pinned down by a social engagement in town. 

I told him we had the place for the weekend and he was going to fuck me silly, if he so desired, and he looked at me with those crazy hazel eyes that made my heart skip and told me that I would be fucked with his hard black cock within an inch of my life. 

I smiled happily. I was turning into quite the slut, and obsessed with the desire to suck him off, and he liked that too. I let him suck me as well. The first time, he went 

down on his knees before me so I could stroke the tight curls on his head as he gobbled me down. One morning at the store we did each other in an hour, in between customers.

I found it a revelation how quickly we adapted to our roles in the new relationship. He was the more experienced, after all, so it seemed natural that I should please him whenever I could. But there was something more to it.

When I pleased him with my eager mouth it enhanced my desire for him. When he shot his warm semen in my mouth I felt a reward, and the hotness in my stomach and groin were only enhanced. When he did me, I felt a feeling that verged on nausea when I erupted into his mouth, emotion coming in the floods of my spasms, and when they were done I felt release, sweet release, but also a bit of panic in what I was swiftly becoming.

I felt no such panic when he was in my mouth. It just felt natural and I stayed hard as a rock. I began to prefer the hardness to the coming, so long as I could bring him off and get my reward in submission to his manhood.

I sure we would have been caught if there had been more time, but September was near and time was growing short for summer employment. It made each time we could be intimate that much more precious.

That weekend the folks were pinned down socially we arranged to get a weekend off together. We did have to work Saturday, so it was really just the Sunday we had together, since the religious Dutch had Sunday blue laws that shut the town down tight as a drum so everyone could spend the day in Church. 

We drove up to the lake after work on Saturday. We listened to tunes and smoked cigarettes on the drive. This was a week when most of the cabins were unoccupied, since the lake would be jammed on the impending Labor Day holiday.

As we got further north, we could smell the pines, and he got me going, fooling with me as I drove the little red car. I had it in fourth, so I didn't have to shift, and he sucked me as we rolled along through the green trees and the lowering sun. When I came, I almost drove off the road, swerving a bit, and then getting control as he sucked the last juice from me.

"I almost killed us," I whispered huskily. "Your mouth is so hot."

He smiled and licked his lips at me, smacking them. "You'd better be ready for more of that, Robbie boy. I get to sleep with you tonight."

We pulled up the long dirt road to the cabin just at twilight. There was nobody around, though I could hear the motor of someone with a little boat out on the lake. We clambered out of the VW and stretched. I showed him the place. It was a modest little A-Frame, not much to it, really. The point was to be on the bluff above the dark water of the inland lake, surrounded by the trees and the silence of the forest. 

The place slumbered most of the year, so when I opened it up it smelled a little musty. I ran around throwing open all the windows, especially the ones in the long dormer upstairs so there would be some cross breeze. He watched me buzzing around, giddy at the prospect of what would soon be happening. He checked the reefer and found a cold can of Milwaukee's Best. He looked at it and raised his eyebrows. 

"C'mon. It's my old man's stuff. At least there is beer!"

"Point taken," said Alexander. He popped the top and threw the pull-tab in the trash. "Let's get our stuff in here and relax." He gave me a wicked smile.

"O.K., Lover," I said, my heart racing. We were here, and we were alone at last. 

I walked over to him and kissed him hard on his full inviting lips. "Welcome to the cabin, Alexander."

We fetched got the bags out of the back seat and smelled the air. I could not resist caressing his lean back, a little moist from sitting on the vinyl seat on the trip up. I felt a stirring in my groin. I had just come an hour ago but I felt like I was ready to go again. He looked at me and said we should go in. And he gave me another smile that made my knees almost buckle.

We put the bags down by the door. "There is a master bedroom on this level, but it has single beds in it. There is a double bed in the front bedroom upstairs,"

I said.

"That is a no-brainer. Get a beer and let's go look."

I locked the screen door and smelled earth and water and pines. I got a beer from the kitchen and walked to the stairs with him. I led him up, holding his hand. I turned right and opened the door to the front bedroom. I turned on the little lamp on the bedside table and opened the windows wide. Then I turned around to face him. 

He was skinning of his shirt, and his skin glowed in the light. His chest was smooth and his nipples were dark against his caramel skin.

I took my shirt off, too, and undid my belt. "There is something I need in the bathroom. I'll be right back."

"Don't be long," he smiled. "I have something for you." I kissed him as I brushed by to go to the corridor and through the dorm to the upstairs bath. I took off my pants and socks and threw them out the open door. I looked in the medicine cabinet and found the little jar of Vaseline we used for our lips when they got chapped in the winter. I opened it, and took two fingers and scooped a little out. Then I spread my legs and reached down next to my erect cock and deposited it along the crack of my ass, paying special attention to my brown rosebud, poking in one finger and then two, so the jelly was inside me. 

Then I rinsed my hand, though the jelly did not come off, and I took some toilet paper and scrubbed it off.

When I returned to the front bedroom, Alexander was by the window, looking out into the full darkness. The stars were coming out.

He turned and the magic was happening. His elegant dark cock was becoming full. I will never get over the excitement of watching a cock harden and his helmet emerge from his delightful foreskin! I marveled at him, fully naked. How all his color seemed concentrated there in that marvelous spear of flesh.

How I wanted it buried in me! 

It hung down, tumescent, rising as I watched, until it came fully to attention, the helmet protruding from the little cuff of his foreskin, pointing at me, the object of it's desire. The ideas made my knees weak.

God, it was sexy! I fell to my knees before him and pressed my lips around the proud shaft, tonguing his foreskin, tasting the first jewels of his pre-cum, slavering on him with my eagerness to serve him. He reached down and brought me to my feet, and our dicks touched, rubbed against each other. He looked down, and gripped them both together in a tender hand.

I felt I was going to melt, and my mouth sought his, my tongue reaching for his, needing him desperately. He kissed me deeply, and then released out cocks, and gently pushed my chest, backing me up until my calves were against the side of the bed. I sat down on it, and then reclined, turning sideways so that I did not miss the intensity of his gaze and his need. His erection seemed impossibly long, and I wondered if I could take it all inside me. 

He crawled in beside me, on top of the comforter, and gazed deep into my eyes. 

"Now I am going to make you mine, Rob. Are you ready?"

My voice quivered with urgency. "I have never wanted anything more, Lover. Take me. Please, God, take me. Make me yours. Make me your boy. Breed me."

He turned and raised himself on his forearms, placing them on either side of me, and pressed a knee between my legs. I spread them for him, and he placed my ankle on his shoulders, exposing me completely to him. I raised my legs to expose my ass and cock to him. He reached down and grasped his lance, and leaning down, drew the tip the length of the crack of my ass. He felt the slickness of the jelly, and he smiled in the glow of the lamp.

"Good," he said. "Nice and moist." I moaned in anticipation. I hoped it would not hurt. He was so long, and yet I needed it so much. The tip of his cock was poised at my asshole. He pushed, experimentally, and I groaned. He pushed harder, and he gained purchase. I gasped. He brought his hand up and caressed the side of my face. "This may hurt at first, but just relax. I'll be gentle."

"Fuck me, Alexander. Just please fuck me. Make me whole. Make me yours."

He pressed against me, inexorable this time, the hardness of him in that softness, I felt the tip penetrate the ring of muscle. He withdrew minutely, and then the pressure began again. I groaned at the violation of my virgin ass, and pressed back against him, the pain welcome, validating the importance of my submission to his hard cock.

He pressed again, and withdrew again, but with each small stroke gained depth within me. Presently, warmth began to glow in my guts and the jelly had coated everything and I realized that suddenly he was completely within me, and I could feel his soft scrotum and the wiry hair against the smooth flesh of my ass. He was filling me completely, the full length of his proud cock buried to its full length.
