 *My submissions may be sporadic during the holidays. I wish you all a safe and happy holiday season. Please keep your feedback coming. I hope you enjoy chapter 8*

Chapter 8: Coming Around

Rob's breath was hot against my neck causing me stir. He was snoring lightly and I rolled over to face him. Without warning Rob pulled me closer to him, nuzzling his nose against my neck.

"Go back to sleep babe." I felt Rob's lips against my skin. His words were muffled.

"It's already nine Robbie." I replied and he rolled over, facing the ceiling before yawning and stretching wide. Rob was a vision. He was naked and the sun that shone through the window gently illuminated his handsome face. I climbed out of bed as he sat up to look at me.

"What are you wearing babe?" Rob chuckled, noticing my outfit from last night. I had on his t-shirt and boxers. 

"If you want them back, come and get them." I was grinning when he jumped out of the bed. His plump lips were instantly on my own and I sighed as his buff body had me pinned to the wall. I felt his mischievous tongue working into my mouth and moaned involuntarily. 

"Get your lazy asses up." Billy yelled as he pounded on the door. 

"Son of a. Dammit Billy." Rob grumbled in response. He placed a quick kiss on my forehead before we were dressed in our original clothes. We headed out into the quiet cabin. Most of the people had cleared out, but there was quite a mess. I looked around for Matt, but I didn't see him. I was eager to hear his take on last night's events. I found Katie and Clint in the kitchen, both were sipping on water, there was a bottle of Advil between them.

"Good morning Katie. Morning big dude." Katie gave me a weak smile and nodded.

"Why are you so chipper little dude." Clint groaned, clearly hung-over. 

"Come on Bubba, we'll help you clean up before we head out." Rob said as he joined us in the kitchen. 

"Thanks." Clint mumbled as he stood up from the stool he was perched on. The small group of us surveyed the cabin, throwing away trash and looking for dishes. When Clint went outside to empty an ashtray I followed.

"So..." I said as I slid up beside him.

"Not now little dude." Clint warned.

"Come on Clint, Matt's my friend." I pressed.

"Not now Bobby." Clint's warning turned serious and I relented.

"Well big dude, if you need somebody to talk to, you know how to reach me." I patted him on the back before I opened the sliding glass door.

"Thanks little dude." Clint gave me a weak smile before I headed back inside. Rob and I hauled the trash out to the cans while Katie and Billy loaded the dishwasher. Clint supervised from the couch. Rob and I headed back in the cabin to tell Clint bye before the four of us headed home.

"See ya later Clint." I said, holding out my fist for Clint to bump it. He wrapped one of his bear arms around me and pulled me into a hug.

"Thanks little dude." He said giving me a noogie. I squirmed to escape his grasp. He was smiling at me when he let me go.

"I'm serious you know?" I reminded him of my offer.

"I know Bobby. Thank you." He patted my back before we headed out the door. I texted Matt as soon as we got on the road. I was eager to hear his take on the events of last night. It wasn't until we stopped for lunch in Williamsburg that my phone started vibrating.

'Call me later.' Matt's message was brief. I grinned to myself before I typed out my message. 'We stopped for lunch at Cook-Out in Wburg. Come join us if you want.' Within seconds my phone vibrated on the table. 'I'm in bed, didn't get much sleep last night.' I stifled a laugh before replying. 'I'm calling you when we get back.' 

"Matt?" Rob asked, knowing that I was curious as to what was going on. I nodded and he went back to his sandwich. 

*

Rob and I were just lounging around the room. He was on the bed resting when I decided I couldn't wait any longer. I pulled out my phone and found Matt in my contacts.

"Hey Bobby." Matt sighed into the phone.

"Out with it.' I demanded, wanting to know what happened with Clint.

"Bobby." Matt groaned into the pone. "You walked in on us, you know."

"I want to know what happened before, after, I heard some interesting noises." I wasn't trying to be a perv, but I was curious to see if anything would develop from their hookup. 

"Clint was pretty drunk." Matt started. "Sometime after y'all went to bed he started dropping hints."

"Yeah?" I encouraged Matt to continue.

"Well, he told me he was going to the bathroom and flashed me a wink." I noticed that Rob had rolled over on the bed, seemingly interested.

"Can I put you speaker Matt?"

"I guess so. Why?" Matt asked.

"Because Rob wants to listen." Matt groaned but didn't resist. 

"Well like I was saying. I followed him into the bathroom and before I could say anything he pinned me against the sink and kissed me.

"No shit." Rob exclaimed in surprise.

"Shit, imagine how surprised I was." Matt chuckled before continuing. "Well eventually I ended up giving him a BJ and then you walked in."

"You shoulda locked the door or at least closed it." I said defensively. 

"I was so caught up in what was going on, I didn't know where I was. Did you know he liked guys Rob?" Matt asked my handsome boyfriend.

"Nope, but he's always been so comfortable with me and Bobby, I dunno if he's gay or was just drunk." Rob answered.

"Maybe he's bi." I threw out.

"Maybe, but he knew what he was doing." Matt answered.

"What?" I asked; suddenly there was more than just a blowjob to this story.

"Shit." Matt chuckled, knowing he had said too much. "Well, let me tell you this, he gave me the best rim job I've ever had."

"You're kidding me?" Rob gasped in disbelief.

"Nope." Matt answered quickly. "His tongue had me moaning for more."

"Did y'all?" I couldn't bring myself to say it out loud.

"Yeah." Matt's voice got quiet. "My ass is sore today." He chuckled, but I could hear sadness in his tone. "He just had me so turned on. I couldn't say no."

"I imagine your ass would be sore." I added, trying to lighten the mood, which caused Rob and Matt to chuckle. "What happened after?"

"He was a real bastard." The irritation in Matt's voice was easy to hear. 

"Oh shit." Rob grumbled. "What happened?"

"Well he pulled up his pants, threw the condom in the trash, and left the bathroom without a word." Rob shook his head while Matt continued. "Well I tried to follow him to his room but he closed the door in my face. I was so embarrassed, so ashamed. This morning I left early."

"Shit Matt, I'm sorry." I honestly felt bad for Matt. "I thought Clint would do better than that. You deserve better than that."

"Shit happens. I'm over it." 

"I'm gonna call him and set him straight." Rob said.

"Don't." Matt sounded defeated. "I don't want him to think I'm some bitch, some tattletale."

"We won't say a word." I said. "He knows I walked in on it. We'll just take it from there."

"I'm going to take shower. I'll talk to y'all later."

"Alright Matt." I answered.

"Take it easy man." Rob added before the call ended. 

"I like Clint." I started. "He's always been nice to me. But that, the way he treated Matt, that's shitty." Rob nodded in agreement and pulled me into a hug. I instantly started to calm down when I breathed in Rob's familiar scent. I felt his lips on my forehead before he pulled back to face me. 

"Let's get this over with. You're too worked up; we're supposed to be relaxing today." Rob placed a quick peck on my lips before he pulled out his phone. 

"Hey Bubba, Bobby wants to talk to you." I heard Rob say into the phone. Clint must have agreed because Rob placed the phone between us on the bed and turned on the speaker. 

"Out with it Clint." I decided to start the conversation the same way I had with Matt. Rob smirked at my bluntness.

"What little dude?" Clint questioned.

"You know what. You, my friend Matt, and the bathroom." I heard Clint chuckling.

"You saw it Bobby." 

"Clint." He was testing my patience. 

"What do you want to know little dude?"

"I wanna know what happened."

"I told you I don't kiss and tell Bobby." Clint was chuckling again, teasing me.

"Come on Clint." I sounded exasperated. 

"I fucked him. Is that what you want to hear?" Clint's voice turned gruff and Rob and I exchanged worried glances.

"What happened after?" I persisted. 

"I dunno. I went to bed. He was gone when I woke up." Clint's tone had softened considerably.

"Didn't you wonder why he was gone in the morning?"

"Probably because I didn't talk to him after." Clint grumbled his response.

"Imagine how he felt big dude." My tone softened, at least he admitted to his crime. 

"I know. I'm a dick." Clint admitted. 

"Are you gay?" I was feeling brazen.

"I dunno." Clint answered. "I've been with guys and girls. I think I am more attracted to guys."

"Do you like Matt?"

"He's sexy Bobby, kinda looks like Rob." Rob and I glanced at each other again, the silence stretched on before Clint started laughing into the phone. "Don't worry you two, I won't upset your little love nest."

"Damn right you won't." Rob cut in. 

"I'm not much of a dater." Clint continued. "More of a hit it and quit it kinda guy."

"Did you like it?"

"Yeah. It was frantic but hot. I don't think I've ever shot a bigger load. The condom was full."

"I think you should call him, tell him what's up, and maybe apologize to him." 

"Alright." Clint sighed. "Text me his number and I'll call him." I smiled at Rob who nodded, glad that his roommate was going to do the right thing. 

"Thanks big dude. You're a good guy." I hoped that Clint could hear my sincerity through the phone.

"I'll catch ya later Bubba." Rob added.

"Bye little dude, roomie." The call ended and I smiled happily at Rob. I hoped that they could at least be friends after their hookup. 

**

Rob worked almost every day that we had been on break. I was thrilled that I had almost a month with him. Every morning when I woke up he was holding me, I was asleep on his chest, or his nose was nuzzled in my neck. I knew that that was how I always wanted to wake up, snuggled close with Rob. Every morning when his eyes opened, he seemed genuinely happy to see me. He showered me with kisses or hugs before one of us got out of bed. This morning had been no exception. My cheek was resting on Rob's strong pectoral muscle. I shifted my head to look at him; he had his right arm folded over his eyes. I lightly traced squiggles on his chest with my finger.

"Morning babe." He squeezed me to him and I felt his lips kiss the top of my head.

"Morning Robbie." I sighed and shifted to face him. "When do you find out about your transfer request?"

"Not for a while." I felt his hand lightly brush across my cheek as he gazed at me. "Probably not 'til we're back in school." His lips lightly kissed my temple. "Don't worry babe." I felt his warm lips on my cheek. "I love you Bobby." The heat from his mouth seared my lips and I turned into putty. Rob had my mind fogged and he knew it. He twisted me over so I was on my back. I was staring up into his gorgeous green eyes, while he straddled my lap. I watched as he bent down, his face was flushed and my eyes sealed themselves. His kiss was gentle but insistent. His tongue teased my lips and I sighed when he probed his way into my mouth. Rob's tongue darted around my own, causing my desire to build and blood to leave my brain. 

"Rob, your mom's here." My mom called through the door. Rob grumbled something indiscernible. He placed a handful of chaste kisses on my lips before he reluctantly rolled over me and off the bed. 

"Shit." He groaned as he looked down at his raging hard-on. I couldn't help but grin at the sight. He went to the dresser and I watched as he pulled out a tight pair of my boxer briefs, they were navy blue with white elastic around the legs and fly. Rob flashed me a wink while he slid them on, trapping his erection straight up. He was so long, that the head poked out above the waistband.

"You can't go down like that." I jumped out of bed, knowing how to solve the problem. 

"I don't have time -." Rob stopped protesting when my mouth gently wrapped around his exposed heart-shaped head. "Shit babe. We gotta be quick." I slid the underwear down to Rob's strong thighs and quickly swallowed him down. My mouth was producing an abundance of saliva and I coated it down his thick shaft as I quickly worked up and down his throbbing organ. I wanted to savor the moment, but knew I needed to be quick. I used all of the tactics I had learned to get Rob off. With my right hand I started pinching the hard nubs of his nipples. The moans of pleasure let me know it was working. I let my left hand fondle Rob's weighty sac, lightly rubbing and massaging it while I sucked harder and faster. My tongue was twirling around, tickling his sensitive shaft. Rob was leaking a steady stream of deliciously sweet pre-come and I hummed in pleasure at the taste. The vibrations of my humming sent him tumbling over the edge.

"Coming." Rob grunted through gritted teeth. I continued humming, sending vibrations through his dick, waiting eagerly for my prize. "Bobby." Rob called out before I felt his thick cock swell further in my mouth. I let out an involuntarily moan when the first blast of his thick cream hit my tongue. Rob was panting above me; his body was wracked with tremors as he blasted his steamy load into my eager mouth. I let the last remnants of his release linger on my tongue, savoring Rob's essence before swallowing it down.

"Damn, you're good at that. I think that's a new record." Rob said pulling me to my feet and into a scorching kiss. His tongue was darting around my own and I felt his strong hand grasp my dripping wet erection.

"I'll take care of this when I get back." Rob pulled up the tight underwear he was wearing and adjusted his goods. He quickly slid on some sweatpants and a t-shirt before he headed downstairs. I decided to take a shower while Rob talked to his mom. After my shower I headed back into the room and saw a sullen Rob. He had changed into jeans and thermal shirt and was sitting on the bed with his head hung.

"What's wrong Robbie?" I asked, squatting down in front of him. I cupped his face between my hands and he looked at me with a somber smile.

"My dad had a heart attack. He's in the hospital." I sat beside him on the bed and wrapped an arm around his shoulder. He remained seated, seemingly in shock.

"I'm so sorry Rob. You going to go see him?" He nodded his head but didn't answer. "You want me to go with you?" 

"Yes." He finally lifted his head to look at me. "But I don't think you should come. He can't handle stress." I understood and let my left hand cup his cheek. He looked defeated. He hadn't spoken to his dad in nearly a year, but I knew how upset he was. 

"What did the doctors say?" I asked taking his hands in my own when he shifted to face me.

"I don't know. Mom heard the news and came by here to tell me before she went to the hospital. I need to call the deli." Rob reached for his phone.

"I'll tell them. Go see your dad." I stood up and pulled Rob to his feet. His arms hung limply by his sides while I squeezed him tightly. "I love you Rob." I kissed his cheek and he gave me a slight smile.

"Thanks Bobby." I walked with Rob downstairs and out to his truck.

"Call me if you need anything." Rob gave me a hug before he got into his truck and drove away. I started to shiver before I realized I was outside in just my towel. When I got back inside I remembered I didn't get Rob's work number before he left. I ran upstairs and dressed quickly before heading to the deli.

"Hi Shirley." I said when I walked into the deli. She looked disheveled. The place was packed.

"Hey Bobby, where's Rob." She asked not stopping as she walked around the deli. 

"His dad had a heart attack. He just left for the hospital." I answered and she stopped to look at me.

"Well that sucks." I watched as she cleared and wiped down a table.

"I hate to ask this, but can you help me out Bobby? The bus-boy said he has the flu." 

"I can try." I answered, not wanting to leave them empty handed.

"Thank you sweetie. Can you clear these two tables and wipe them down? When you get a second I'll give you a crash course on the dishes, we're running low." She handed me a tub full of dirty dishes. I went with it and tried to help wherever I could. The work was more tiring than it looked. I was constantly moving from the tables to the kitchen, trying to wash the dishes before Shirley fussed at me to hurry. Thankfully after a few hours she sent me on my way when some of the other staff clocked in.

"I can't pay you because you don't work here, but I'll add something for you in Rob's check." She flashed me a wink. "Thanks so much, I really appreciate it."

"Glad I could help." I waved as I headed home. Rob's truck wasn't back when I got home. I was tired and sweaty. I smelled like French fries. I took another quick shower. I was heading to my room to get dressed when I heard Rob talking to my parents. I pulled on a pair of sweats and a t-shirt before I raced down the stairs to hear the news. 

"Hey." Rob gave me a small smile when he met me at the bottom of the stairs.

"How is he?" I asked as I followed Rob up the stairs. 

"He'll be okay; they're keeping him overnight for observation. He should be home tomorrow."

"Well that's good." I replied while Rob pulled me into a hug at the top of the stairs. I hugged him back. I would hug him as long as he wanted. With a final squeeze he let me go and walked into our room. 

"He apologized." Rob said as he sat on the bed. I joined him on the bed and he grasped my right hand in his left one. 

"Well that's good." It was sad that it took something so serious for his dad to speak to him again.

"It's something." Rob shrugged. "Uncle Charlie was there. It was almost like before." I nodded, understanding what Rob meant. Before his dad knew that he was gay, that his brother, Rob's uncle, was gay. "He said he loves me." Rob's voice was merely a whisper, almost breaking when he spoke. I squeezed his body tightly to me. Rob was always so strong. Seeing him like this made my heart ache. I held him for several minutes before he looked at me.

"Why'd you take another shower?" Rob asked as he tousled my wet hair.

"I didn't have the number to the deli, so when I went down there Shirley told me that the bus-boy didn't show up."

"You didn't?" Rob tilted his head; a slight smile reached the corner of his mouth.

"I did." I answered grinning at him. Rob pulled me into a hug and I felt his lips on my ear.

"I love you so much Bobby." His warm breath sent chills down my spine.

"I love you too." Rob's hand pressed into my chest before he pushed me back onto the bed.

"I think promised to take care of this bad boy." Rob husked, fondling my semi-hard dick, causing me to shiver. My reaction caused him to grin proudly before his luscious mouth was sealed with mine. I whimpered when he broke the kiss, I reached out for him. Rob just smiled at me smugly, watching my need grow with each passing second. With a strong tug, Rob pulled my sweats down to my feet. My legs were dangling down the edge of the bed and he squatted in front of me.

"Robbie." I sighed, letting my head dig into the mattress when I felt his tongue leisurely lap around my swollen glans. His tongue was teasing around my rigid erection; my nerves were alive as his slick tongue skillfully darted around my needy bone. I felt one of Rob's strong hands grasp around the base of my dick. "Robbie please." I wantonly begged for his mouth.

"What's wrong babe." Rob teased, driving me insane.

"Please." The word was merely a whimper as it left my lips. "Your mouth." 
