 Chapter 13: Empty Handed

Football season had come and gone, but Rob still worked out every morning to stay in shape. He had decided that he was going to major in Kinesiology. This semester he was taking Anatomy, which was consuming a majority of his time. I tried to help him study, but he said I was a distraction, a good distraction, but a distraction none-the-less. I had declared as Business major and a Human Resources Development minor. My classes were challenging, but I had some free time that I needed to fill.

I started going to Chase's baseball games. It was hard to stop calling him T.C., but I was working on it. We were never more than acquaintances in high school, but he seemed like a good guy and he was fun to hang out with. I also started swimming regularly. One of Matt's old water polo buddies asked me to join them, I told him I'd think about it, but water polo looked a little too rough for me.

An early Spring thunderstorm rolled into Virginia, cancelling Chase's game. Rob was at an Anatomy study session and would be there most of the night.

"Let's grab some food Bobby." Chase said as he walked over to me.

"Sounds good." I answered and Chase bumped my fist with his own.

"How about we eat off campus?" Chase suggested. "My treat."

"Alright, where do you wanna go?"

"Piccolo's , they have great pizza."

"Sounds good T.- I mean chase." I shook my head. "Sorry."

"Don't worry about it Bobby." I followed Chase to his car.

"Holy crap this is yours?"

"Yup. My parents bought it for me when I got a scholarship."

"Cheaper than college I guess." I chuckled as I stepped onto the running board and into the shiny four-door Jeep Wrangler. It was great how quickly Chase and I had settled in as friends. We laughed and sang along with the radio on the way to dinner. Out of the all the people that could have been Rob's roommate, I couldn't believe it had been Chase. We pulled into the strip mall parking lot and the little Italian restaurant was packed. The hostess led us to an empty table for two in the corner. 

"Wanna split a large pizza?" Chase asked as we sat down.

"I'm probably only going to eat a couple pieces." I answered taking my seat across from him.

"Perfect. If there's any left we'll just take it to Rob. He's always hungry." Chase laughed.

"You're right about that." I laughed with him. 

"What do you like on your pizza?"

"Cheese or pepperoni."

"How about extra cheese?" Chase suggested.

"Sounds perfect." We chatted until the waitress came over to take our order.

"Y'all ready?" She smiled and held her pen to a pad of paper.

"Yes ma'am, may we have a large extra cheese pizza please."

"Of course sugar, and to drink."

"A pitcher of Natty."

"Be right back." She smiled and headed off to another table.

"Chase." I whispered across the table. I was nervous, we were underage and in public.

"Don't worry about it." He waved me off. "We're fine." The waitress quickly returned with two frosted glasses and a pitcher of Natural Light. 

"Here you go guys, the pizza will be out shortly."

"Thanks." We answered as Chase filled the glasses. 

"It's $2.00 pitcher night, why do you think it's so packed?" Matt asked. I glanced around and noticed that most of the people in the restaurant were college kids, and they all had at least one pitcher of beer on the table.

"Ohh..." I nodded before taking a sip of the ice cold beverage. 

"So what happened to you Bobby? You disappeared right before senior year, without a peep."

"Well my dad got a new job and we had to move. It all happened pretty quickly."

"It was kinda weird. You were a big mystery. Lisa told us she saw you in the gas station with your boyfriend, but no one paid her much attention. You know how she gossips."

"She did see us!" I laughed. "I was in town taking Rob to meet my grandma. She was flirting with Rob"

"Go figure." Chase nodded and topped off our beers. 

"I guess you and Betty-Ann were prom king and queen?" Chase had been the star athlete and Betty-Ann was the perky head cheerleader, a blonde-bombshell. Chase was taking a sip of his beer and almost choked before he laughed. 

"Man you are outta the loop. I broke up with her that Halloween, she was cheating on me with Keith Upshaw."

"Keith Upshaw?" I struggled to place him. 

"He transferred in halfway through junior year. He had long dark hair, down to his shoulders, was big into '80s music. Drove an old VW van.

"Really?" I tried not to laugh. "I didn't know his name, but he did have a nice collection of acid wash jeans." Chase and I were gasping for breath when the waitress came with our pizza.

"Want another pitcher?"

"Yes ma'am." Chase answered and I nodded as she topped off our emptying glasses before heading off. 

"Doesn't seem like her type." I replied, finally catching my breath.

"Oh he was. They're married and she's knocked up."

"No shit."

"Yeah." Chase added before taking a bite of the still steaming pizza. We had a great time reminiscing and I really enjoyed hearing about what my old classmates were up to. I was starting to feel a little tipsy and struggled to finish my second piece of pizza. "I'm sorry I didn't really get to know you back then Bobby."

"Me too, we just ran in different circles I guess."

"Yeah. You're a good guy though."

"Thanks Chase, you are too." Chase managed to eat four pieces of pizza, but there were still two pieces on the tray. 

"I'll let you take those home to lover boy." Chase smirked.

"Oh I'm sure he'll eat them." 

"The tiramisu is great here, wanna try it?" 

"I couldn't eat another bite." I answered, patting my belly. 

"Fair enough, but I'm getting it." Chase grinned and took a sip of his beer before waiving the waitress over and ordering it. 

"So Rob told me that y'all live together at home. He didn't really elaborate. What happened?" The question tugged at my heart and I stopped slouching in my chair and sat up.

"Well, when Rob's parents found out about us..." I took a sip of my beer, I didn't feel comfortable talking about it. "Rob's dad kinda kicked him out."

"Damn." Chase topped off our glasses a final time, emptying the second pitcher. "So I guess you're parents are cool with it?"

"Thank God!" I smiled thinking of how my parents had embraced Rob as their own. 

"They are great, took Rob in without missing a beat. Dad bought us bunk beds so we wouldn't share a bed... Didn't work too well." I couldn't help but laugh at the memory. Chase joined me.

"Enjoy." The waitress smiled and slid the tiramisu in front of Chase.

"Thanks." Chase said taking a bite.

"Come on Bobby, you have to try it." Chase dunked his fork in the delectable dessert and passed it to me across the table. I took the fork and tasted the treat.

"That is good." I nodded and Chase reclaimed his fork and began devouring the sweet treat. I took another swig of my beer and sat down the mostly full glass. "We should probably get a cab home." I suggested.

"Yeah we will." Chase licked his fork clean before taking a sip of his half-full beer. "Wanna know a secret?" 

"Yeah." I replied, curious as to what he was going to share with me.

"Do you remember Jackson Price?" Chase asked.

"Yeah." I nodded, remembering my former classmate. He played soccer and was very popular. He had blonde hair, blue eyes, and he was skinny. 

"He gave me a blowjob the summer before senior year." Chase could not have picked a worse time to drop a bomb like that. I was mid-swig of my beer and practically shot a fountain of beer across the table. I stared at Chase who grinned and grabbed a napkin and wiped his face.

"Sorry, I'm not sure I heard you right." I stammered, still shocked at the comment.

"Don't worry about it. Just wanted to let you know you weren't the only gay guy at school"

"You..." My mouth started opening and closing like a fish. "You're not gay." I whispered, looking around to see if anyone had overheard. No one paid us any attention and Chase finished his beer.

"Maybe not, but it was good. Jackson on the other hand is definitely gay." Chase shrugged and put his glass down and pulled out his phone. "Guess I'll call that cab now." I watched as Chase called the cab. His confession had left me dumbfounded. 

"I think you've had too much to drink buddy." I finally said with an awkward chuckle.

"Maybe so. Sorry Bobby, I've never told anyone that. Just feel comfortable around you."

"It's okay. Just caught me off-guard." I admitted. "Thanks for telling me."

"Bobby." Chase got serious and locked his eyes on mine. "Can we keep this between us please."

"Sure, of course. No problem. Well-." I hesitated. "Can I tell Rob?" Chase took a few breaths, looking deep in thought.

"Just Rob."

"Deal." Chase paid the bill and we headed to the cab with a growing friendship, and a better understanding of each other. 

*

"Hey Robbie, we brought you pizza." Rob was sitting at his desk, but stood up when he heard us enter the room.

"That's sweet." Rob took the box and placed it on the fridge before kissing my forehead. 

"You're drunk."

"Maybe." I shrugged, not sure if I had passed the threshold from tipsy to drunk. 

"I think the softball girls are having a party, y'all wanna go?" Chase asked as he stood by the door. I glanced at Rob, but he had already started speaking.

"No thanks. We're good." 

"See ya." Chase said as he headed back out. 

"Thanks again for dinner." I shouted after him. Chase waved in acknowledgement before disappearing behind the closing door.

"Wanna stay here tonight?" Rob asked pulling me into a hug and kissing the top of my head. I nodded into Rob's chest as he patted my back. "Okay, get in bed. I need to go over a few things first."

"Robbie." I put my hands on Rob's chest and looked into his handsome face.

"Yeah?" Rob whispered back.

"Chase told me he got a blowjob from a guy in high school ." I couldn't read Rob's reaction and eventually lowered my eyes.

"Is that so?" Rob was calm and I felt his hand lightly rubbing my back.

"Yup. "

"Cool." Rob squeezed me tightly and I melted into his embrace. "

"Let's get an apartment next year Robbie, just the two of us."

"I'd love to, but I get free room and board with my scholarship."

"I know, but my-." Rob cut me off before I could finish my thought.

"Bobby, your parents have done enough for me. I don't want them paying for housing, seems like a waste."

"I know, but I wanna live with you.

"Let's worry about that later babe." Rob whispered into my ear. His warm breath sent an electric wave coursing through my system and I forgot about the conversation we were having.

"Robbie." I sighed as I felt his lips gently sucking on my ear lobe. 

"Mmhmm." He mumbled before pressing his sweet lips against my own. I swear his sweet tongue tasted like honey as it effortlessly parted my lips. Contented sounds were bubbling out of my mouth as I tried to get closer to Rob. Our tongues were mingling, darting, and playing in the playground of our mouths. 

"Thought you had to study." I teased, briefly breaking the kiss.

"It can wait." Rob's desk light was reflected in his glistening green eyes. 

"I don't want Chase to catch us again."

"Better be quick then babe." Rob's arms were a blur as he removed our shirts and tossed them to the floor. 

"Okay." I moaned as my chest was pressing into the heat of Rob's warm, furry skin. Our mouths were like a vacuum and we sealed our lips together in a frantic and breathless lip-lock. Rob's fingers were electric as he kneaded them into my flesh. I felt them slip beneath my waistband as he thrust his hips into my own. Rob's strong fingers were squeezing and cupping my plump ass and a muffled moan tried to escape my lips, but was swallowed up by Rob. I clung to him, feeling the thick sinews of his muscle as he reached between us and began to unbutton and unzip our pants. Rob shimmied his hips and our jeans fell crumpled on the floor. 

"Fuck." Rob sighed as he held me at arm's length and greedily stared at my body. The way he lustily looked at me caused me to shudder. I placed the palms of my hands on his firm pecs and eyed him from toe to head. He was absolutely perfect, strong and masculine. A heat radiated from his body and I wrapped my arms around him to absorb it. The only clothing that remained was socks and underwear. I had a tight pair of forest green briefs on and Rob was wearing a checkered pair of thin boxers that were doing a poor job of hiding his arousal. Rob's hardness pressed into my own and I sighed into Rob's moist mouth. My cock was trapped and enjoying the friction as we thrust our organs together. 

"Gentleman first." Rob broke the kiss and I felt his meaty hands again cupping my buttocks. Rob's lips left a trail of heat from my chin and slowly worked down my neck. 

"Robbie." I sighed when I felt his luscious lips seal at the base of my neck. He sucked my sensitive flesh into his mouth. I knew he was going to leave a mark, but I didn't care. Rob could mark me wherever he pleased. Rob slowly worked his lips down my body. I jumped and whimpered when he playfully bit my nipple between his teeth, sending a strong shock through my system. I heard Rob chuckle lightly to himself as he continued his journey south. Without warning the tip of Rob's tongue was teasing my navel. I felt his teeth lightly nibble my belly before a flash of cold air hit my newly exposed erection. My briefs were at my feet and my flagging cock was leaking from Rob's sensuous teasing. 

Rob was on his knees below me and I felt his balmy breath on my scrotum. I braced myself, placing my hands on his shoulders as his tongue traced the seam of my sack. A chill rocked me to my core as Rob's tactile tongue teased my sensitive testicles. One by one my testicles were in a Jacuzzi of warmth while Rob gently lolled them into his mouth. Rob lips gently tugged at my sack before the chilled air hit my exposed flesh. 

"Robbie." I whispered, my dick was swollen, red, and leaking a clear filament of pre. Rob's lips made their way to the base of my shaft and leisurely kissed their way up the underbelly of my hardened mast. I groaned when Rob removed his mouth from my phallus. I glanced down at him just as he locked his eyes on mine. He was grinning, and I saw a thin strand of pre dangling from his nose which made me moan. Rob was so sexy as he snaked his tongue out of his mouth and tasted my delicate nectar. Rob turned his attention back to my straining member and kissed my swollen mushroom tip. 

"Shit." I sighed and let my head roll backward, so I was looking at the ceiling. I tightened my grip on Rob's shoulders as I struggled to maintain my balance white Rob's glorious mouth engulfed my sensitive shaft. Rob's tongue was magic. He knew exactly what drove me wild. Rob swallowed my glans down his ribbed throat. I bit my bottom lip as his lips latched onto the base of my cock. Rob slowly withdrew, keeping his tongue plastered to the sensitive underside of my dick. Rob paused and let his tongue tease, tickle, and drive my delta wild. 

"Fuck Robbie." I grunted before he started to piston his mouth rapidly up and down my rock hard cock. I felt one of Rob's digits slide against my puckered hole, lightly tracing it. My fingers dug into Rob's shoulders as he traced his digit around my tight heat. Rob's mouth was a vacuum, driving me delirious with pleasure. 

"Rob." I gasped as I thrust my hips to meet his mouth. I felt his hands grip my hips, holding me still as I unleashed an avalanche of energy into his mouth, flooding it with my juices. My knees buckled, but Rob propped me up. My head fell limply and I let it rest against Rob's as my body shuddered and convulsed, pumping the remainder of my seed into Rob's willing mouth. I was panting and took several deep breaths while Rob swallowed and drained every ounce my balls had to offer. 

"You are so fucking sexy Bobby." Rob smiled before wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. He looked so happy and I was eager to please him. As he slowly stood up I realized that his cock was straining, purple, and swollen, proudly poking out of his fly. A large drop of dew was pooling in his slit and I quickly dropped to my knees and had my tongue harvesting the sap from his slit. I moaned when his juices his my tongue. Rob's pre was sweet and I couldn't wait for more. I licked around his swollen heart-shaped head and heard Rob moan above me before he put one of his hands on his desk for support and the other on the back of my head. 

"Bobby." Rob sighed as he gently nudged my head down his enormous, engorged erection. Rob's dick felt so natural in my mouth as I slowly worked my way down his plump pole. I swallowed deeply, taking in his eight inches and felt Rob's coarse hairs under my lips. Rob was huffing and puffing like The Big Bad Wolf as I swallowed him whole. Strings of saliva dangled from my lips and his shaft as I came up for air. I wrapped my right hand around his girth and smoothed the saliva around his throbbing trunk while I sucked and licked on his swollen tip, enjoying the dollop of pre as it hit my tongue. Rob held my head still as he begin to thrust his hips into my mouth. With my left hand a cupped Rob's weighty sac and lightly rolled it in my hand. Rob hit my throat causing me to gag. He pulled back and I spat a blob of saliva onto his veiny shaft. 

"Sorry." Rob huffed. I quickly engulfed his manhood again and began to wrap my lips and tongue around his perfect cock. "I'm close." Rob stammered and I moaned at the thought of his juices. The vibrations from my moan and the suction of my bobbing mouth triggered Rob's orgasm. I felt his balls tighten in my hand and Rob's body tensed, preparing to fire. Rob pulled back, and his perfect glans briefly escaped my lips. 

A searing hot rope splashed against my cheek and I pressed my tongue underneath his gushing hose. The next blast hit the center of my tongue and I relished Rob's essence. I greedily sealed my lips around his pulsing cockhead and let Rob fill my mouth with his creamy load. Rob grunted as the final ropes blasted into my mouth while I swallowed his seed and lightly sucked his manhood. 

"I love you Bobby." Rob's hands grasped me under my armpits and he helped me to my feet. I smiled at Rob before his broad tongue lapped up the jizz that had splattered my cheek. Rob's tongue found my own and his load swirled around our mouths as we languidly kissed. Rob took my hands and guided me to bed. I was exhausted and barely felt Rob's fingers grazing against my own. I fell asleep as Rob pulled the covers up to my head. The last thing I remember was Rob kissing me on my right temple.

*

I woke in a warm nest. Rob was spooned tightly behind me and I glanced at the alarm clock. Rob would be up soon to work out and I needed to get back to my dorm to shower and change. I tried to stealthily get out of bed, but Rob reflexively squeezed me tighter.

"I gotta go Robbie." I whispered and Rob mumbled something and loosened his grasp. I quickly slipped out of bed. I realized I was naked, and quickly pulled on my clothes. Chase's head was under his comforter and I could hear soft snores. Thankfully he didn't walk in on us last night. He must have stumbled in after I had fallen asleep. He probably didn't even realize I was there. I noiselessly tip-toed to the door and slipped out unnoticed. 

The warmth of the spring sun hit my skin and I smiled and inhaled the fresh morning air. I saw a handful other students, looking disheveled like me, heading back to their respective dorms. 'The Walk of Shame,' some people called it. I was happy though, perfectly content. What I had with Rob wasn't a one night stand, or anything to be ashamed of. I laced my fingers together and stretched my arms in front of me. My heart skipped a beat and I stopped in my tracks. I slowly brought my right hand to my face and started to panic as I noticed my ring, the ring Rob had given me, promising his love, was gone.
