 Your comments keep me going. Thanks for your patience.

Please keep the feedback coming. Thanks so much!

*****

Chapter 16: Anchors Away 

The sun was blinding as it reached its apex in the sky. The thick humid air was laced with chlorine. Without warning the crack of a starting pistol sounded. Faceless shapes plunged into the still water on either side of me and I dove to join them. I lost track of my competitors as the water started getting choppy. With a turn of my head I took a breath and realized I was alone. An enormous, curling, white-capped swell started bending towards me. I gasped for breath and tried to reverse my course, but the undertow was wrestling me, pulling me under. The wave crashed and I was disoriented as I twisted and thrashed in the churning water. The smell of chlorine was quickly replaced with salt as water rushed up my nose and burned my sinuses. 

I desperately treaded water, searching for shelter. Land wasn't visible and I circled and bobbed, looking for something, anything. Thankfully, a boat was bouncing on the wake and I frantically waved and started swimming to meet it. Something slick wrapped around my legs and I panicked and saw slimy, algae-green sea kelp pulling me under. I kicked and fought but was no match for the tentacle like wrap. I spluttered for breath, flailed my limbs and tried to break free. My lungs filled with water. My vision started to fade.

Something strong wrapped around my wrist. I shot out of the water with the force of a cannon and felt rough fiberglass beneath me. Lips were on mine forcing air into my lungs. A tongue checked my airwaves for obstructions and I felt stiffness in my trunks and instinctively reached to cover my arousal. 

I heard a muffled "Ow!" And started to come to. My eyes felt dry and gritty as I got my bearings. The rough fiberglass was replaced by soft sheets. I felt a plump lips around my engorged shaft and sighed deeply.

"Happy birthday Bobby!" Rob's green eyes were shining as he looked at me.

"Were you making out with me while I was asleep?"

"Maybe." Rob chuckled before he swallowed my cock to the root.

"Shit Robbie." I gasped and fisted the sheets beneath me. "I thought I was drowning!" Rob didn't answerer, but I felt rumbles as he laughed around my erection. I blinked rapidly, trying to clear the fog of sleep from my mind. The rough pads of one of Rob's hands was roaming my stomach, leaving an electric current behind. The tip of Rob's tongue worked its magic on the underside of my erection. His mouth was balmy and moist. His lips created a halo, as they engulfed my cock. 

"Feels so good." I moaned. Rob acknowledged my praise by pinching my right nipple between his fingers sending a sharp electric jolt coursing through my nervous system. The pad of Rob's thumb was quickly rubbing the sting away as his lips locked around the base of my throbbing shaft. My swollen glans felt the constricted confines of Rob's throat and I lost all control. My hip and stomach muscles tightened as I exploded down Rob's throat. My body was wracked with orgasm and I couldn't control my muscles contractions.

"Fuck!" I gasped when my head hit the pillow again. Rob slowly withdrew his mouth from my sensitive prick and wiped the excess saliva from his lips. Rob rested his head on the pillow facing me. He was the most handsome man in the world. His emerald eyes were filled with love and his smile portrayed nothing but happiness and warmth. 

"Happy birthday babe." He whispered. His lips met mine and we shared a slow, passionate kiss. I tasted just the faintest hint of my juices in his mouth and tried to stifle a moan. I placed my right hand on his firm, furry chest, his skin was warm and inviting. Gradually, I let it drift lower and felt a steel pole tenting through his boxers.

"Go get ready for work." Rob whispered and stubbornly leaned away from my grasp.

*

I tried to have my birthday off, but was told that they needed all hands on deck. The country club was hosting its annual golf tournament. The top was down on my Jeep and the warm salty air whirled through my hair. I thought about my strange dream and tried to determine what it meant. It was a hodgepodge. It brought me back to my swim meets, but had a starting pistol like a track meet. I was drowning, but Rob had saved me. I was smiling, thinking about how Rob awakened me when I walked into the clubhouse. Ms. Grant met me at reception when I was clocking in.

"You're going to be getting the grounds ready with Eric today. Go meet him by the golf cart shed." Ms Grant watched me sign in and then hurried off. Eric had started working at the club when he had finished his summer class. We hadn't been around each other much but nodded politely when we saw each other. I headed out the side door, close to the shed and saw Eric pulling up on a green John Deere Gator. 

"Guess you're with me today Bobby." Eric gave me a half smile as I walked around and took my place in the yellow passenger seat.

"What's on the to-do list?" I asked hoping my mouth bore the semblance of a smile. 

"Making sure the grounds are ready. Taking out the trash, making sure the ball cleaners have fluid, just making sure everything is presentable." Eric shifted the Gator into drive and we rumbled off to the first hole. We got straight to work and didn't talk much until we got to the fifth hole. I had just begun to pour golf ball cleaner into the dispenser when Eric started speaking. 

"I'm really sorry for how I treated you and Rob." Eric shook out a new trash bag and looked away when I glanced at him. "I just didn't know how, or if I could, express..." He shook his head and threw a full trash bag in the back of the Gator. "I was envious. You were so comfortable with yourself. I, well, I'm really sorry."

I didn't know what to say. "Thanks," was all I managed to get out. We rode in silence and mechanically did our chores on each hole. 

"How about I take you and Rob out to for dinner tonight?" Eric asked while I was bending over picking up broken tees from the 14th tee box.

"I don't think that'll work." I stood up and looked back at Eric. He had a disappointed look on his face.

"Bobby I don't expect to become friends over night, but I really am sorry and would like to..." Eric stopped short when I shook my head and held up my hand with a smile. Seeing Eric like that made me somewhat happy. 

"No, it's not that Eric. It's just that today is my birthday and I know Rob has something planned."

"Well shit, happy birthday Bobby!" Eric smiled and patted my back on the way back to the Gator.

"Thanks." We traded some awkward banter and finished our work on the 18th hole. 

"Come on lemme buy you lunch and a lemonade." Eric grinned as we pulled back up to the shed.

"You don't have to." I rebuffed.

"I insist birthday boy." Eric lightly punched my arm. "Hope you don't mind eating at the snack bar. My mom would probably kick us out if she saw us dirty and sweaty in the dining room." Eric chuckled and I grinned.

"Nope that's perfect, I was craving a hot dog." We grabbed our food and headed over to a small table under one of the AC vents. I thought it would be difficult, but it was easy to be friendly with Eric. We chatted and I let all of our history wash away, it was water under the bridge. 

"So I saw a picture of you with a guy on Facebook a while ago." Eric grimaced. "Oh sorry..." 

"It's okay. He was the first." Never in my life did I think I would see Eric blush, but his cheeks turned as red as the comb on a rooster. "Well you know... guy. We had some fun but it didn't work out."

"I got lucky with Rob." I must have had a goofy look on my face while I thought about Rob, because Eric started laughing.

"I think he got pretty lucky too." We both broke out into laughter and I saw Eric stop when he noticed others staring at us. 

"Don't worry about them." I whispered and he nodded

"It's hard ya know? You always seemed so comfortable being yourself. It's been a struggle for me." Eric absentmindedly swirled a fry in a blob of ketchup.

"Eric if you ever need somebody to talk to give me a call." I picked his phone off the table and entered my number in the contacts. 

"Thinks." Eric smiled.

*

Sunday morning as I was getting ready for work I noticed Rob acting strangely. He kept picking up his phone and placing it down. He shrugged it off when I asked what was wrong. Today was the final day of the golf tournament which culminated in an awards banquet. Eric and I were going to be setting up for the banquet and I needed to hurry to work. I was required to wear khakis, topsiders, a white dress shirt, and a golden oval nametag because I was working inside today. 

"Forgot your name again?" Rob stuck out his tongue and winked when he saw me pin the nameplate to my shirt. 

"Not yet." I punched his strong bicep as I walked passed him pausing for a brief kiss.

"You working tonight?"

"Ugh." Rob's eyes darted back to his phone before settling back on me. "I have some stuff lined up." 

"Stuff lined up?" I scrunched my eyebrows from his cryptic response, but he didn't elaborate. 

"Don't worry, I'll see you." He smiled and kissed my cheek. "You're going to be late." He was right. I grabbed my wallet and headed off to work. 

*

The atmosphere at the club was electric. The staff was hunkered down, catering to the golfers, members, or getting ready for the banquet. I found Eric in the dining room. 

"Wow." It looked like Eric had been working on the room for a while. In the back of the room several long tables had been connected and draped in table cloths making it look like one long table. The circular tables were scattered around the room and had pressed table clothes. Empty vases stood on the tables and there were two large boxes of freshly cut flowers, and a couple more filled with various items in the corner. "I didn't know I was supposed to come in early." I felt bad that Eric had done so much of the setup on his own. 

"It's okay, knew we needed a head start so you could get out early." Eric shook open a banner and reached in a bag for some rope to hang it. 

"Get out early?" I asked, unsure of his meaning. 

"Oh, I mean. You know. So we can get out on time." Eric amended. 

"Well we have to stay to clean up anyway. So no rush I guess." I shrugged and walked over to a box and found printed name cards and began to fold them into little tents. 

"Oh, you're off tonight. Call it a late birthday present. Once the banquet starts you can go." Eric smiled before he pulled out a walkie talkie. "Hey Clyde can you bring the ladder in the dining room when you get a chance?"

"Sure thing." Came a crackly voice from the speaker. 

"I'm not going to leave you hanging Eric, I'll help clean up." I flipped through the clipboard sitting on the table and found the seating chart and set aside which cards were to go on designated tables. 

"Whatever you say Bobby." Eric winked just as the ladder was delivered. "Come hold the ladder so we can hang this banner."

*

One perk to being busy was that the time seemed to fly by. We had just finished setting up the podium and plugging in the microphone when Eric's mom came in to check on us. 

"Everything looks great guys" She said and smiled. 

"Bobby can you help me for a minute?"

"Sure." I answered and followed her out of the room. 

"Have a good night Bobby!" Eric called after me, I started to shout back, but his mom glanced back and I stopped short. We have a special guest arriving on the private dock. Can you go outside and wait for them and tie them up when they dock?"

"No problem." I answered and turned on my heel to head out back to the dock. 

"Bobby." I stopped in my tracks and turned to face my boss. Her face was warm and bore a smile. "You're a good guy. Thanks for all your help."

"You're we-." I started but she held up her hand to stop me.

"You've been working your butt off. Once you've finished with the boat I don't want to see you for a few days. Take some time off, you've earned it." She winked. 

"Thank you." I wasn't going to look a gift horse in the mouth and quickly hurried out the back door. I was happy to get some time off, I just hoped Rob could get some time off too, maybe we could go to a movie or find a quiet place to park. I grinned as I thought of the wonderful memory. The sun was starting its decent in the sky, but it was a clear bright day. A round of cheers could be heard in the distance, the final groups of golfers were finishing up. The Chesapeake Bay was fairly calm, a light breeze stirred up a small wake. The pristine dock stood empty. I glanced down the harbor and saw a handful of boats pulling in or going out of the marina. I took a seat at the end of the dock, my legs dangled, my topsiders were inches from the water.

The water was relaxing. The warm sun radiated into my bones, the waves rhythmically lulled my senses, and I could have easily fallen asleep right there. An engine throttled down and I looked up to see a large boat slowing as it entered the harbor. I stood up and watched the boat as it approached. It looked familiar, but I couldn't place it. I saw nice boats come in and out of the harbor every day at work. It wasn't until I saw Skip emerge and throw me the bow line that I realized who had arrived.

"Y'all here for the banquet?" I shouted before Captain Cliff cut the engine. I ran to the back to tie the stern line and got a glimpse of the Captain. He had a warm smile on his face, but he didn't toss me a rope.

"Nope. We have bigger and better things to do Bobby."

"You do?" I asked, not sure what he meant.

"We do, but I'll let this young man fill you in." Rob stepped around the center console. He was dressed like I was, wearing topsiders, pressed khakis, and a white dress shirt. 

"What are you dressed up for?" I shouted and returned Rob's grin. 

"Hop on babe." Rob shouted while skip jumped on the dock and untied the bow line before jumping back onboard. Cliff and Skip were both dressed nicely as well. Captain Cliff was wearing a white knit shirt under a blue blazer with tan colored linen pants. Skip had on a short sleeve linen shirt and khaki shorts. 

"What's going on?" I questioned and looked at the three of them. They all had goofy smirks on their face and I finally settled my gaze on Rob. "Well?"

"Well I knew you'd be tired from working all day, so I arranged a nice relaxing boat ride for us." He held out his hand and I took it and he led me to a seat near the bow. He wrapped his arm around my shoulder, and I leaned into the comforting embrace. Skip kept stealing glances and laughing when I caught him, he eventually went to stand beside the captain.

"This is nice." I whispered in Rob's ear. 

"It is." Rob whispered back, his steamy breath sent conflicting chills down my spine. His lips lightly brushed against my ear as he spoke. It didn't take long for us to reach the mouth of the bay. An undisturbed sandy beach was broken only by the Chesapeake Bay Bridge Tunnel that connected the Eastern Shore of Virginia to the mainland. The sun was creeping closer to the horizon and the shadows were dark as we passed under the bridges and crossed from the bay and into the Atlantic Ocean. We weren't heading out to sea, or in the direction of Virginia Beach. Instead we adjusted our bearing north and hugged the shore. 

We rode in silence and I enjoyed relaxing, leaning into Rob. The passing boats all waved and we returned the gesture as we continued our leisurely ride. Faint lights were flickering in the distance. Captain Cliff slowed the boat and our wake jostled a lonely sailboat anchored in a cove. Memories flooded my mind when I realized we were approaching the beach where Rob and I shared a romantic evening. Embers rose above a small bon fire. Shadowy figures began to become recognizable. I turned back just as I felt Rob's strong arms wrap around my waist. He had a grin on his face and his eyes were glistening with unshed tears.

"What is this?" I whispered. Rob didn't answer, just held me tighter. Captain Cliff pulled the boat up to a dock that had seen better days. There was a small inflatable boat tied to the other side. Skip jumped out and quickly tied the bow and stern lines. Captain joined Skip on the dock and they walked over to the gathered crowd. I saw my parents, my sister, Rob's mom and dad, his Uncle Charlie, Billy, Katy, Clint, Matt, and Chase. There were others in the shadows that I couldn't quite make out. 

"Robbie?" I tried to speak, but became overwhelmed and fought back tears. Rob took my hand and we climbed out of the boat and onto the dock. All eyes were upon us as we made our way to shore. Rob was about to step onto the beach but stopped and turned to face me. 

"Bobby." Rob spoke and my hands started shaking.

"Rob-." I felt his finger brush against my lips before he took my hands in his, sending static waves jolting through me. Rob started kneeling down and I fell to join him, my breath was stolen. His green eyes were on the brink of spilling over. I felt hot tears streaming down my face while Rob smiled his handsome smile. 

"Bobby." Rob cocked his head and stared appraisingly at me. "Thank you." He started and I grinned. "You are the love of my life. You are without a doubt the greatest thing that has ever happened to me. I know beyond a shadow of doubt that I want to spend the rest of my life with you. Who would have thought that that day in the convenience store would have started all of this?" I watched as a single tear trailed down his right cheek, gently coursing its way down his stubbled face. Rob released my right hand and reached into his pocket. I used the reprieve to quickly wipe the tears out of my eyes, but my attempt was futile and they continued to fall. I inhaled deeply and expected to see my old ring as Rob opened the lid on the small box in his hand. There was a matching pair of glistening rings. The firelight was flickering and I hesitated when I realized that these were not our original rings. They were slightly wider, and a different metallic shade. These weren't Rob's promise rings. They were proper wedding bands. 

"Bobby." Rob's eyes were still fighting back tears and his lip and jaw had a slight tremble as he fought his emotions. "Will you marry me?"

I tried to answer, but was overwhelmed. Rob, the man I loved, had just proposed. I nodded vigorously as tears streamed down my face. It felt like an eternity before I gathered myself and was able to answer.

"Of course I'll marry you Rob. I love you." Rob leaned in and his moist lips were sealed on mine. His tongue gracefully slid into my mouth to tease mine. I was on the highest of highs. I felt weightless, adrift in space as Rob's tongue explored my mouth. Applause and whistles brought me crashing back to earth. Rob and I stood and I noticed his face was awash in tears. Relief, joy, and love lit up his face as he took my hand and we stepped onto the beach. 

"Lose the name tag." Rob whispered out of the corner of his mouth. I chuckled and unpinned the badge and slipped it into my pocket. 

Adrenaline coursed through my blood and my eyes quickly took in my surroundings. There was a table set up with drinks a two layer wedding cake with two grooms perched proudly atop. A white wooden trellis stood between the lulling waves and the crackling fire. Our family and friends all smiled at us as we approached. Captain Cliff stood to the side of the fire. I followed Rob as we walked to the trellis.

"Now?" I asked. I was more than ready for this, but the abruptness had caught me off guard. Rob's laugh broke through the silence and he nodded and grinned. I suddenly realized that we were standing under the trellis and squeezed Rob's hand tightly. He squeezed back and I felt reassured. 

"Rob had planned to do this out at sea..." Captain Cliff began to speak, but paused briefly. "But thankfully The Supreme Court has made this a little easier, as same sex marriage is now legal in The Commonwealth of Virginia. 
