 Chapter 10: Fresh Air

My phone was vibrating on my desk, stirring me from my comfortable slumber. Rob's arm hung limply across my chest and I could tell by his steady breathing against my neck that he was still asleep. I opened my eyes and glanced over my shoulder to see Rob blissfully slumbering behind me. With my left hand I reached for my phone and found two missed calls and a text message, all from Matt. I quickly read the text message. 'Get your lazy asses up. We're going to breakfast.' I grinned. I was usually an early-bird, but I had been enjoying being cocooned with warmth, in Rob's embrace. 'We'll be ready in 30.' I hit send on the message and placed my phone down before turning to face Rob.

He stirred slightly, but didn't open his eyes. He had shaved recently, but there was a layer of stubble on his face. I gazed longingly at my lover. With the fingers on my right hand, I traced the manly layer of fur on his chest. Rob's nose twitched, but he was still asleep. Slowly I let my hand lightly trace his firm body, down to his abdomen. My fingers reached the top of his pubes and with the tip of my middle finger I felt the base of his dick, which was as hard as a steel girder. Rob's breathing hitched when I wrapped my palm around his engorged shaft, my fingers not quite reaching each other.

"That's nice." Rob sighed before I felt his velvet lips press against mine. "Morning babe." He grinned and I felt his strong fingers wrap around my straining erection. "What are you up to Bobby?" Rob chuckled as he started stroking me from base to tip. I enjoyed the feeling of Rob's warm, meaty girth in my hand, but his deft fingers were working their magic on my sensitive manhood and sent waves of pleasure directly to my brain.

"Robbie." I sighed as we slowly stroked each other's morning erections. Rob's lips rejoined mine as our bodies melted together. Rob's burly arms wrapped around me, pulling me into an affectionate embrace. Releasing his throbbing cock I wrapped my arms around his back and felt his strong shoulders as we gently rubbed against each other. The underside of his dick pinned mine straight up against my stomach, causing us both to moan while we thrust against each other. The passion in the bedroom was thick. Our tongues were tangled in and out of our mouths. The heat from our bodies made me delirious. Our cocks were leaking copious amounts of nectar, creating a slick surface on which they could mingle.

"We're going to make a mess." I panted, briefly breaking the kiss. 

"Mmhmm." I heard Rob's mumbled response before he squeezed me tighter, creating even more friction between our bodies as he ground harder against my leaking cock. "Let's get messy babe." I heard Rob's words before he sucked my bottom lip into his mouth. As if on command I felt my muscles tighten while Rob's steady thrusting against my sensitive shaft overwhelmed my system, causing me to explode, releasing the pressure that had built in my balls. Almost on cue I felt Rob's hardness convulsing against mine as we coated our stomachs in our steaming hot juices. 

"Fuck Bobby, you're so sexy." Rob praised before his lips sealed my mouth. One of Rob's hands raked across my stomach and he held it between our sealed mouths. Desire took control of my tongue and I broke the kiss to lap up our combined seed. Rob's tongue soon joined my own as we absorbed every ounce of each other while sharing a lazy, passionate kiss. 

"We're meeting Matt and Clint for breakfast. We have to get cleaned up." I shared, panting as I broke the kiss.

"What?' Rob questioned sitting up in bed.

"Come on we need to shower." I stood and took Rob's hands pulling him to his feet. I saw the grin spread across his lips. "Separately." I added before he could speak. Rob laughed and grabbed the towel I handed him and we quickly showered and got ready for breakfast. 

"Y'all are so lazy." Matt chided as we climbed in the backseat of Clint's borrowed car. I couldn't help but chuckle at the sight of big, manly Clint, crammed into the compact car. 

"Got enough room big dude." I teased. Clint flashed his middle finger at me, but I heard him chuckling. "Nice to see you too." 

"Glad you could make it little dude." Clint said. "Running a little late this morning?"

"Uhh." I started, but thankfully Rob cut in.

"We're right on schedule bubba."

"I'll bet you are." Clint mumbled under his breath. I was about to smack Clint on the back of his head, but surprisingly Matt beat me to it.

"Leave them alone." Matt whispered.

"Oh come on, look at 'em." Clint grinned. "You know damned well why they were late."

"You want me to tell them the only reason you're up so early?" Matt raised his eyebrows and Clint laughed.

"Go ahead." 

"You sure?" Matt asked.

"Oh fair enough. You're right baby." Clint whispered as he took Matt's left hand in his right. I could see the blush creep up Matt's face. I couldn't control the smile that spread across my face at hearing Clint use the term of endearment for Matt. Rob squeezed my hand in his and when I turned to face him he was grinning too.

"You're sweet big dude." I leaned forward and whispered in Clint's ear before tousling his hair. 

"I am not sweet." Clint murmured causing the rest of us to laugh. We pulled into the Waffle House parking lot and got a booth in the back corner of the restaurant. Matt and I sat across from each other on the inside of the booth while Clint and Rob slid in beside us. 

"I'm sorry I have to go back tonight Bobby, I really do have a presentation Monday." Rob said somberly and I nodded, glad that he had gotten away to see me, even if only for a night.

"I've gotta get the car back tonight anyway." Clint shifted his gaze to Matt. "Sorry baby." I faintly heard Clint whisper in Matt's ear before he gave him a sweet kiss on the cheek. Not wanting to be outdone by Clint, I felt Rob's plump lips against my own cheek. There was a sound of breaking glass and I saw a man throw some cash onto the counter before he stomped out of the restaurant, grumbling under his breath. The waitress came around and swept up the shards of the coffee mug that had shattered on the floor. 

"Sorry about that." She whispered as she passed our table with the dust pan. I knew that being gay wasn't universally accepted, but I still got sad whenever people acted angry and hateful around us. The four of us sat in silence until the food came. Rob held my hand in his lap, silently comforting me while I tried to understand why people couldn't just accept us. 

"Here you go gentleman." The waitress said sliding the plates in front of us. 

"Thanks." We answered in unison before digging into our meals. My waffle was delicious and I was surprised when I realized I had finished first. 

"Hungry babe?" Rob teased, between bites of food.

"Not anymore." I grinned and waited for my boyfriend and friends to finish eating. 

"When's your spring break babe?" Rob asked after he swallowed a bite of hash browns that were covered with cheese. 

"Second week of March." 

"Well crap." Rob's face flashed with disappointment. 

"Ours is the first week." Clint added. 

"I'll figure something out." Rob smiled at me before taking a final swig of his drink.

"Ready?" Matt asked and we all stood up to leave. Rob held my hand on the drive back to my dorm.

"I miss you already." Rob whispered in my ear as he hugged me outside the car.

"Me too." I nodded in his neck. 

"I love you Bobby." I felt a final kiss on the top of my head before Rob got back in the car with Matt and Clint. I forced a smile and waved until they turned the corner. I hadn't even thought about us having different spring break schedules. Rob always made plans for us, I decided I was going to figure out some way to spend at least a weekend with Rob over spring break. 

***

Classes were going well. I stayed busy doing my class work. I swam at least once a week with Matt which was always relaxing. Every night I slept with Rob's enormous teddy bear next to me. On the weekends Billy or Matt would drag me off to parties. Billy wasn't around much anymore and our nightly dinners turned in to one or two nights a week. He was doing spring rush for one of the fraternities and he was always off doing something for the brothers of kappa Sigma. He halfheartedly suggested that I pledge with him, but I knew that they would probably have a big problem with my sexuality. 

When I wasn't busy with schoolwork I surfed the web, trying to find something to do with Rob during our overlapping weekend of spring break. I told Rob that I would plan everything and was starting to get anxious that I hadn't figured anything out yet. The only part of the plan that had been decided was that Rob was going to spend the week at home and on Friday he was going to drive to Harrisonburg and meet me for the weekend. Sunday evening I would drop him of in Williamsburg and drive home for my own spring break. Matt was going on an alternative spring break trip and would be helping build a house for a family in Nicaragua. I was really impressed and made a note of trying an ASB trip next year. 

After one of my classes I stopped by University Recreation to go swimming. Something at the equipment rental counter caught my eye. Changing course I stood beside the counter and picked up a brochure for George Washington National Forest. 

"May I help you?" The student behind the desk smiled warmly at me.

"I think so." I answered returning his smile. He was cute, maybe a couple years older than I was, with green eyes and short, spiky auburn hair. I read 'Travis' on his name tag. "I'd like to rent some equipment Travis."

"Sure, no problem." Travis said handing me a clipboard with a piece of paper and a list of the different items they had for rent. I filled out the form and checked boxes and filled out my information.

"Thanks." I said handing the clipboard back to Travis.

"Let me put this in the system and make sure we will have everything in inventory when you need it." I nodded as Travis entered the information into the system. "Everything looks good. You can pick it up Friday before 5:00 PM. We're closed the following week. You have until Tuesday to return the gear by closing.

"Great, thanks Travis." I replied, grinning as he handed me a printed receipt.

"No problem. Have a good day." I hoped that Rob would like my idea. While I was swimming I couldn't help but think of Rob and the fun we would have together. It tortured me knowing that Rob was at home. He spent his spring break working and I had to force myself to concentrate on my last week of school before my own spring break started. I was so excited at seeing Rob this Friday, t was a challenge to stay focused on my studies. 

Thursday before spring break I met Matt for dinner. "You ready for your trip?" I asked as he slid his tray down across the table from me.

"Yup. My flight leaves Richmond at noon." Matt answered smiling. 

"That's really exciting Matt." 

"Yeah, I can't believe I'm going to be in Nicaragua tomorrow. We'll be building the house most of the time, but we're going to go on tours of the area. It's going to be awesome."

"It is Matt. Good for you." 

"You figure out anything for you and Rob to do this weekend?" Matt questioned.

"I did." I answered grinning. "I reserved a plot in George Washington National Forest, I rented a tent and gear from URec, and we're going to go camping. There are hiking trails, streams to fish, and it's going to be beautiful." 

"Really?" Matt was smirking at me.

"Yes really!" I answered defensively. 

"Whatever floats your boat." Matt shook his head at me, but flashed me a toothy smile. 

"Crap." I mumbled. "You don't think he'll like it?"

"I'm sure he'll love anything he does with you. I bet you can plan a trip to look for treasure in the county dump and he would be happy just to be with you."

"Shut up." 

"He'll love it Bobby." Matt said, trying to reassure me.

"I hope so." I stood up and Matt pulled me into a hug.

"He will." Matt patted my back before releasing me.

"Have a good trip. Be safe." I told Matt before we separated, heading to our dorms.

My history class was cancelled on Friday, and I used the time to stop by URec and pick up the equipment I would need for my weekend excursion with Rob. I also took the bus to the grocery store and stocked up on supplies. All I had left was to get through statistics before spring break officially started. Statistics was not one of my best subjects, and I struggled to pay attention and try to decipher the information that was being presented. The class was only about half full and thankfully, Dr. Lee seemed to take pity on us and excused us ten minutes early. Campus was almost a ghost town this late on Friday before break. I stopped in Sbarro and grabbed a slice of Pizza and a drink before dropping my bags off in my dorm. 

I quickly ate my pizza while I checked and double checked that I had everything we would need. I had the camping permit, tent, sleeping bags, a cooler full of food, clothes, bottled water, cookware, and matches. The sun was starting to set and I worried that we wouldn't be able to get the tent up in the darkness. Thankfully, a light bulb illuminated a recess of my mind, and I remembered to pack a LED lantern. 

A few minutes later my phone started ringing and I saw Rob's handsome face fill the screen.

"Hey Robbie." I answered.

"Hey babe. I'm pulling up now." 

"Alright I'll meet you outside." I grabbed the bag the tent was in and a sleeping bag and headed out to meet Rob.

"What 's with the tent?" Rob asked taking it from me and throwing it in the back of his truck. 

"We're going camping. Come help me get the rest of the stuff." I answered but Rob grabbed me before I could walk back inside and pulled me into an embrace, clouding my mind with a tongue twisting, breath-stealing kiss. I stood there gazing at him.

"Come on babe." Rob laughed as he grabbed my hand and we headed to my dorm room. "I gotta take a leak real quick." Rob added before turning into the bathroom. I went to my room and pushed the rest of our supplies outside of the room. I locked the door as Rob came back grinning. "You know I have class on Monday?"

"Robbie." I exhaled loudly, knowing he was teasing me about how much I had packed.

"Looks like you've packed enough for a month." Rob laughed and scooped up the cooler. 

"Better safe than sorry." I replied before grabbing the other sleeping bag, a large foam pad, and pillows. "Can you take these?" I asked stacking two pillows on top of the cooler before he could respond. I grabbed my back pack that had my clothes, the lantern, matches, and the lube. "Ready?"

"Lead the way Bobby." I held the door open for Rob so he could squeeze through with the cooler. 

"Crap." I muttered as I dropped the bags on the curb and ran back inside. I quickly ran to my room and unlocked the door and grabbed the bag of cooking gear before heading back out to join Rob. "Forgot the pans." I said grinning at Rob who had finished packing the truck. "You driving?" I asked Rob who grinned and opened the passenger door for me.

"It's getting dark, you know where to go right?" Rob asked as he started the truck.

*

Dusk had settled casting purplish-pink hues across the sky as we walked the quarter mile from the parking area to our campsite. We followed a path to our plot and I was pleasantly surprised. It was secluded and not near any other sites. The parking lot had been empty when we arrived and it didn't appear like there would be any other campers in our section of the massive national forest. There was a built in grill and a fire pit, which I hadn't expected and we were a half-mile walk from a set of showers and a bathroom. Rob insisted that we carried everything in one trip, and I knew he was tired when he placed the cooler on the ground. 

"You have me alone in the woods babe." Rob spoke huskily, encircling my body in his beefy arms. "Now what are you going to do with me?" He whispered in my ears. 

"We've got to get the tent up before the light fades Robbie." I laughed swatting his butt as I twisted out of his arms.

"Guess that makes sense." Rob grumbled as he pulled the tent out of the bag. I rifled through my bag and pulled out the lantern while Rob connected the tent poles. "This will be easier than I thought." Rob thought aloud and I watched as he slid the poles through the sleeves and erected the tent. I handed him the stakes and he drove them into the ground with his foot. "Where were we." Rob grinned before he stole a kiss. 

"Glad you're so happy to see me." I chuckled as I unzipped the entrance to the tent. Rob followed me quickly and flattened the foam pad on the base of the tent. I watched as he unzipped one sleeping bag and spread it on top of the pad. He continued this technique with the second sleeping bag and put it to the side.

"Ready for bed babe?" Rob grinned back at me.

"Rob it's only seven." I answered and watched him flash me a wink.

"Worth a shot." Rob drawled as he exited the tent. "I guess we need to get the food in a safe place anyway.

"Crap." I exclaimed. I hadn't thought of the black bears and other wild animals roaming around the forest. Rob studied me for a second before he spoke. 

"It's alright Bobby, we can put the cooler in the truck. You want a snack before I take it back?"

"I'm not really hungry, but I can make you something." I answered. "Oh I have beef jerky you want some of that."

"Yup." Rob answered smiling and I pulled out a package of beef jerky and a large bottle of water. "Do you wanna start a fire babe?"

"Yeah, let's have a fire Robbie." 

"Do you know how?" Rob raised his eyebrows in question.

"Go take the cooler back, I think I can handle the fire."

"Whatever you say Bobby." Rob laughed as he picked up the cooler and headed on the trail away from me.

"I'll show you a fire." I grumbled hearing Rob snicker as he faded from view. I headed into the woods to look for some fallen twigs and dry leaves to use for kindling. Once I was satisfied I had enough I went in search of larger branches and started making a teepee with my collections of fallen debris. "Thinks I can't make a fire." I mumbled under my breath as I broke larger branches into more manageable pieces with my foot. Thankfully my material was dry and I struck a match and held it to the small twigs mixed with leaves at the heart of the teepee. Smoke started rolling out of the center and I grinned as I added branches increasing the size of the teepee. 

"Sending smoke signals babe?" Rob called. I couldn't see him in the dark, but I knew he was just around the corner. I bent down and lightly blew on the smoldering leaves and twigs and was rewarded with light orange, blue-capped flames. Rob's face came around the corner and I watched the flames flicker across it.

"Damn babe. Good job." Rob stood behind me and pulled my back against his chest while he wrapped his arms around me. "I knew you could do it, but this looks like a professional. You didn't tell me you were a mountain man." Rob kissed the top of my head while I giggled at his comment. 

"Glad you approve." I turned around and quickly kissed his lips. "Come, sit with me." I took Rob's hand and we sat beside one another and stared into the fire while our skin absorbed the warmth from the flames. 

"This is nice Bobby." Rob wrapped his arm around my shoulder and I let my head rest against his. I nodded my head on his shoulder and just enjoyed the moment, being with Rob, out in the wilderness. We sat there, sharing light kisses until the fire started to dwindle down. Rob stood up and pulled me to my feet.

"After you sir." Rob held the door flap open for me and I ducked and climbed inside. Rob grabbed the lantern and dimmed it before he followed me in the tent and zipped up the screen. The tent was lightly illuminated by the lantern as we shimmied out of our shoes and clothes. 
