 *Sorry for the delay. Thank you for your comments. I appreciate all of the feedback.* 

Chapter 14: Indelible

I took my seat in the swivel chair that was bolted to the desk. I was taking my penultimate exam and pressed my palms into my eyes and rubbed gently, trying to relieve some tension. Stacks of answer sheets were being circulated and I grabbed one before passing the stack back. My professor licked his finger as he meticulously counted and handed exams to each row of students. 

"Good luck." Was his final comment before everyone's head dropped and focused on the exam in front of them. I quickly bubbled in my student ID on the answer sheet and started filling in the tiny rectangles with my answers. Thankfully, I had been attending study groups and was certain of a majority of the answers. I could feel a few of the answers lurking, hiding in the recesses of my mind, teasing, taunting me, just out of reach. I glanced at the clock and stretched my arms over my head hoping the synapses in my brain would fire, igniting a path, illuminating the answers.

I closed my eyes, but instead of seeing the answers, I saw Rob's smiling face. He had his last final this morning and was packing his stuff for our journey home tomorrow after my last exam. I shook my head, quickly trying to refocus on my final. I filled in the last rectangle and sighed as I let my pencil fall to the desk. I double-checked my answers, changed a few, and second-guessed others. Students had started streaming down the aisles, turning in their tests, and exiting the classroom. Time was running short and I quickly gave my answers another run-through before turning in my answer sheet and exam papers. 

I pushed the door open, the spring sun was brilliant, and slid my sunglasses over my eyes. The heat hit me like a wall as the cooled air behind me was trapped inside. I was going to meet Rob at his dorm before we headed off to supper and then I was going to study. I pulled out my phone to call him, but he didn't answer. I made my way across campus to his dorm. Luckily someone was exiting as I approached and held the door open for me. The hall was quiet, most of the students had either finished exams and had left or were studying. Rob's door was locked and I knocked a few times before giving up. I poked my head into the bathroom, but it was empty.

Not wanting to walk back across campus to my room, I headed to the basement to the study lounge. The fluorescent lights buzzed over wooden cubicles. I walked to the end and found an empty one and pulled out my notes and sat down. I checked my phone to see if Rob had tried to reach me, but he hadn't. There was a group study room to my right that had a glass door and windows I glanced and saw a group of four guys sitting around a wooden table. Chase grinned at me and waved He said something to the guys before poking his head out the door.

"What're you doing here?" He whispered.

"I'm meeting Rob for supper, but he's not here, or answering his phone. You don't know where he is do you?" 

Chase glanced at his watch before looking at me. "He should be back by now." He shrugged. "Well we have a final in a couple hours, better get back"

"Alright, good luck." I smiled encouragingly. 

"You too Bobby." Chase grinned before slipping back inside the study room. 

I checked my phone again, wishful thinking. I opened my notebook and was reviewing notes that I knew would be on my final. Thirty minutes had passed and I still hadn't heard from Rob. I picked up my phone and sent Rob a quick text before placing it on the desk. I heard a tapping on the glass and glanced over to see two plump ass cheeks smashed against the glass. Chase peeled his ass off of the glass and I could see him laughing as he pulled up his pants. He winked at me as I shook my head and refocused on my notes.

After a few minutes my phone started vibrating on the desk and I picked it up. I stepped into the hall, not wanting to piss off the others studying.

"Hey. I whispered.

"Hey Bobby. I got held up, I'll be ready shortly. I'm sorry."

"It's okay." I was curious as to what he was up to, but would find out later. "I'm in your study lounge, just come get me when you're ready."

"Perfect. Bye babe."

"Bye Robbie." I had only gone through a couple more pages of notes when I heard more tapping on the glass beside me. This time when I glanced up there were four asses, four varying shades of flesh, one was covered in dark curly fur, pressed against the glass. I mockingly covered my eyes as they pulled up their pants. I could tell they were laughing and couldn't help but join in. If anything, it was good stress relief. I grinned and flipped them the bird which caused them to laugh harder. They sat back around their notes and I turned back to my own. 

I pulled my headphones out of my backpack and plugged them into my phone. The background music helped me focus and I diligently took some notes and started making a study guide. I'm not sure how long I was at it before I felt a strong hand on my shoulder. I looked up and saw Rob's handsome and scruffy face smiling down at me. I kissed his hand on my shoulder before taking off my headphones and packing my bag. When I glanced up, I was again greeted by a full moon from the group study room. I chuckled and pointed. Rob turned and saw his roommate's ass.

Rob laughed out loud when he saw Chase's ass against the glass. Rob walked over and pushed the glass door open. "You better get some sun on that this summer, don't want to blind anyone." The laughter escaped the room and I stood up as Rob let the door close behind him.

"Ready?" 

"Ready." Rob answered, taking my hand as we headed to dinner.

*

After supper Rob walked me back to my dorm. We stopped in the courtyard outside my building. 

"So are you going to tell me where you were?"

"I had to run downtown for a couple things." Rob went to wrap his arms around me, but I held out my palms and pressed them into his chest. Rob tried to hide it, but I could tell he winced. 

"Rob...?" I studied his face, he was hiding something. "Rob." I said again, pressing against his chest. This time I was sure of it. Rob's muscles tensed from the contact. "Spill it." I commanded, wanting to know what he was hiding.

"It's nothing babe." Rob kissed my cheek. "Go study."

"Study?" There was no way I could study, I needed to know what happened . "Robert." I crossed my arms and tried unsuccessfully to look menacing. 

Rob tried to stifle a laugh, but straightened his face before speaking. "It's a surprise. You'll know tomorrow."

"Rob." I signed, not wanting to wait.

"You really want to know?" Rob raised his eyebrows in question.

"Of course I want to know." 

"Okay, well I guess the first half of your surprise won't hurt." Rob looked around before pulling up his T-shirt. There was white gauze taped over his left pectoral muscle. I gasped at the sight, fearing he had been injured. "It's okay." Rob reassured as he carefully pulled the tape off of one edge of the bandage. Rob slowly peeled back the gauze, revealing a red and black swollen mark on his left pec. The soft fur that was usually there was gone and I felt water pooling in my eyes as I took in the sight of my name written above Rob's heart. 

"Rob." I spoke into my hand as I looked into his eyes. 

"Do you like it?" Rob's eyes were filled with love and a hint of worry. 

"Can I?" I asked and he nodded before I let my fingers lightly trace the raised letters on his chest spelling 'Bobby.' "It's like I wrote it on you myself."

"You did." Rob grinned before removing my hand and covering the raised skin with the bandage and lowering his shirt. "It's your handwriting. I took it off of a letter you had written me." Rob leaned down and I felt his silky lips lingering on mine. I sighed and opened my mouth as Rob slid his sensual tongue passed my lips to mingle with my own. I closed my eyes and was lost in the moment. I felt blood rushing south and my briefs tightened before Rob disengaged from the kiss.

"You've gotta study babe." "I don't want to study" I protested, studying was the last thing I wanted to do.

"Too bad." Rob grinned and I remembered we were outside in the open. 

"Okay." I sighed and turned to head inside. Rob was right, I needed to study. "Wait, is there another surprise?"

"There will be." Rob smiled and started to walk away. "Patience." He shouted before disappearing behind a shrub. 

*

"How'd it go babe?" 

"School's out for summer." I was trying to give my best Syd Barrett impression. I heard Rob laughing at my singing.

"Chase is heading out, wanna come say bye?"

"Yeah, I'll be there in a second." I hung up the phone and practically skipped my way to Rob's dorm. It was a beautiful May day and I made my way passed the blooming flowers that decorated the campus before stopping at Rob's dorm. 

"Bobby Thompson is that you?" I heard my name and spun on my foot to locate the speaker. It took me a second to place her, but her husband's Scottish brogue gave them away. Mr. MacCallum had the same milky complexion and auburn hair as his son. I smiled and held out my hand to shake Chase's parents hands. 

"Mr. and Mrs. MacCallum how are you?"

"I'm doing well sweetie. T.C. told us you go here, how fun. I haven't seen you in years. How are you?" Chase's mom smiled.

"I'm doing well thanks. Just came to say bye to Chase -er- T.C."

"He'll always be T.C. to us." Mr. MacCallum laughed and I chuckled with them. "T.C. couldn't fit all of his stuff in his Jeep, so he called in reinforcements."

"Do y'all need any help loading up?" 

"We're finished, T.C. is just saying bye to his roommate and friends." Mrs. MacCallum answered.

"Oh have you met Rob?" 

"We have, such a nice young man." I grinned at her approval of Rob. As if on cue, Rob and Chase walked out of the building. 

"Hey Bobby. Have a good summer! Come visit." Chase bumped my fist as he walked up and joined us. 

"Oh yes Bobby, you must come visit. You too Rob." Mrs. MacCallum was sweet and smiled at us.

"They're kind of a group package mom." Chase replied. Rob smiled and I cringed inwardly. I always hated this part. 

"What do you mean sweetheart?" Chase's mom asked as she studied the three of us. Mr. MacCallum cleared his throat and straightened his stance. 

"Well Mrs. MacCallum, Rob is..." I glanced at Chase's parents and then at Rob and Chase. Rob moved to stand beside me and took my hand, calming my nerves. "Rob is my boyfriend." 

"Oh." Mr. MacCallum took a deep breath while Mrs. MacCallum composed her thoughts. "So you're." She mouthed the last word, "homosexuals." Chase groaned and rolled his eyes. Rob laughed.

"We better go, gotta beat the traffic." Mr. MacCallum cut in.

"He's right. It was nice to see again Bobby, Rob." The MacCallums turned and walked away. 

"Sorry about that." Chase whispered before heading off to join his parents.

"Well that went well." Rob joked. "I'm all packed up, just have to turn in my key. Then we just need to get your stuff."

*

It didn't take long until I was ready to go. My roommate had moved out on Wednesday and the room looked desolate. Rob was sitting on my made bed watching me double check everything.

"Help me fold your sheets handsome."

"Not yet Robbie." I answered before Rob patted the spot next to him. I kicked off my flip flops and sat 'Indian style' facing him.

"What's up?" I grinned as Rob smiled at me.

"Tell me why you got the tattoo." 

"You don't like it?" Rob frowned.

"No, I do like it, it's sweet and sexy. I just want to know why you did it." I answered as Rob shifted on the bed.

"I love you Bobby. I just wanted to have a piece of you with me, wherever I go." Rob's eyes were wide and sincere. 

"Let me see it." Rob tugged off his T-shirt and again I stared at my name above his heart. The swelling had gone down some, but it was still red and had started to scab. I ran my fingers over the letters as Rob smiled at me.

"I wanna get one too." I whispered and felt Rob's heart, steady and strong, beneath my palm. 

"We'll see." Rob kissed my forehead. "Your mom would probably beat me for letting you mar your perfect body.

"Oh shut up." I laughed and pushed Rob. I noticed Rob grimace as I pushed against his chest. "Oh crap. Sorry."

"It's okay." Rob smiled and I leaned over and kissed his tender skin. "That helps." Rob encouraged before I pressed my lips against his.

"Better?" I whispered against his mouth.

"Better." Rob grumbled and pushed me against the mattress. 

"Rob." I sighed as I felt his moist lips tickle against my neck. 

"I love you so much Bobby." Rob hovered over me and I could see the love in his sparkling eyes. I nodded and wiped my eyes when they started to tear up. "Come on let's get home." Rob pulled me to my feet before he put his shirt back on. We quickly folded and packed my bed clothes before starting the journey home.

**

Summer break was going well. Rob was interning at a physical therapy center and working part time at the deli. All of my business professors suggested that I intern or shadow somewhere. A couple weeks into summer break and my dad had been golfing and told me that they were hiring. I ran to my room and swapped my cargo shorts for khakis and my flip flops for topsiders. 

"You're going now?" He laughed as I barreled down the stairs.

"Might as well. Wish me luck." I shouted as the door closed and I headed to my Jeep. As I got closer to the golf club my palms started getting sweaty and my heart quickened. There was a security gate and I slowed to a stop.

"I'm here to apply for a job." I spoke and wiped my hands on my pants. 

"Take this and park in the employee lot, second right." The guard handed me a temporary parking pass and I placed it in my windshield as he opened the gate for me.

"Thank you." I half-waved as I pulled passed the security gate. I found a spot in the lot and took several deep breaths before heading into the building. The clubhouse was a perfectly manicured and maintained building. I opened the door and made may way to the reception desk. I saw a restaurant through an archway and briefly hesitated when I saw a woman behind the desk. Steeling myself I approached her, but felt heavy with nerves. 

"Hello." I smiled at the woman, but my breath hitched in my lungs when she looked up from the computer.

"Good afternoon sir. How may I help you?" It was my former tormentor, Eric's mother. She smiled as she spoke.

"I." I cleared my throat. "Excuse me. I was wondering if you have a position available where I can intern or shadow. 

"You look familiar." She eyed me up and down.

"Yes ma'am." I answered. "Senior year I went to school with Eric."

"Must be it." She smiled. "Well I'm busy today, but how about I schedule an interview for tomorrow. I think we might have something available."

"That'd be great. Thank you Mrs. Evans" I nervously smiled.

"I'm back to Ms. Grant." She pursed her lips."How does 12:30 sound?"

" I'll see you then."

"Wait a second." She chuckled. "What's your name?"

"Oh. I'm sorry. Bobby Thompson." I saw her eyes flash, recognizing my name. My stomach started tying itself in knots.

"Okay Bobby. I'll see you tomorrow at 12:30."

"Thank you." I smiled and tried to control my legs so I wouldn't sprint out of the building. Once I was safely in my vehicle I let my mind wander. Eric had come out since he used to pick on Rob and me. Eric's father wasn't the most tolerant man, but I didn't know much about his mom. It was interesting that she didn't go by her husband's name anymore. 

My mom and sister, Emily, were sitting in the den planning her high school graduation party when I walked in. 

"How'd it go?" They asked and I sat in the arm chair across from them.

"Guess who I saw?"

"Who?" They asked in unison. 

"Do you remember Eric Evans?"

"Yeah. He outted you and Rob didn't he?" Emily asked.

"Oh." My mom nodded. "His mom is the manager at the golf course."

"Yup." I shook my head. "What do you think? I see she's changed her name."

"Oh Bobby." My mom had a pained expression on her face. "You know how Rob's dad...." She trailed off and stared at the coffee table for a moment. "I don't know all of the details, but Eric's father moved out when he found out that Eric was dating a man." 

I didn't know how to respond. I sat quietly while they tried to busy themselves with party plans. 

*

The next day I was eating lunch with Rob and he tried to make me laugh by asking me silly interview questions. It worked. Some of my nervousness had faded and I let Rob get back to work while I walked around the block a few times trying to expend some nervous energy. 

After taking a shower, I put on some khakis, a dress shirt, and a tie. My family wished me luck' as I headed out of the door. Eric's mom seemed perfectly pleasant yesterday. All I could do was hope for the best. This time when I pulled up to the security gate my name was already on the list and the guard had a parking pass ready for me. I parked and made my way into the clubhouse. 

"Thanks for seeing me again Ms. Grant." I extended my hand and shook hers before she guided me to an office. There was a large window with a gorgeous view of a sandy beach and the Chesapeake Bay. 

"Nice view." I smiled as she walked behind her desk. She pointed to my chair and I sat down in the mahogany leather chair. 

"So Bobby, let's get right down to it. Why do you want to work here?"

"I'm looking for real-world business experience. When my dad mentioned that the club was hiring, I came down." I was nervous but kept my hands on the arms of the chair. 

"How would the club benefit from having you as an employee?' Ms. Grant was all business as she spoke.

"I will help out wherever I'm needed. Just ask and I'll jump in. I'm very eager to learn and help anyway I can." I swallowed and awaited her reply.

"That's a good answer Bobby." I answered her questions as best as I could over the next twenty minutes. I think the interview went well.

"Okay Bobby, relax the interview is over. I'm going to offer you a job. We can pay you a little better than minimum wage. When we're busy or short-staffed I'll have you fill in wherever there is a need. Deal?"

"Thank you so much for giving me this opportunity. I'll do my best."

"When can you start?"

"I'm available whenever you want, until I go back to school." I couldn't believe that she offered me a job on the spot. 

"How about right now?"

"Now?" I repeated, a little shocked. "Absolutely."

"Okay, I'm going to have you fill out some paper work. I'll be back in a minute." She placed some paperwork in a clipboard and handed it to me across the desk. "I'll be at the reception desk, join me when you've finished." 

*

"Finished? Great." Ms. Grant took the clipboard from me and I followed her to the dining room.

"I have two servers sick today. Ever waited tables?"

"Uhh..." I was apprehensive, I had had exactly one day of experience. "Yes ma'am, once." 

"Terrific, follow me." She led me through the kitchen and gave me a white half apron and tablet to take orders on. "The menu is on here, you just choose what table you are waiting on and select what they ordered, easy peasy. If you have any questions ask Miranda." She pointed to the back of someone and I saw a head of blonde curls bouncing as she carried a tray of steaming food. "Your tablet will beep when an order is ready."

"Yes ma'am." 

"Your section's tables are the green ones." She pointed to the tablet's screen before she headed off. "You'll do fine." I stood motionless for a second after she left me. I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. When I opened my eyes, Ms. Grant was speaking to the hostess and I saw her point towards me. I gave a sheepish smile and the next patrons that came in were seated at one of my tables.
