 Once a month, me and the guys get together for a friendly game of poker. We talk a lot of shit, drink a lot of beer and take turns losing money to each other. This must have been my night because I was down about 50 bucks. I was having a good time so it really didn't matter much but I only had five dollars left and the game was not going to be over for about two hours. I figured I would keep playing and just fold early on any hand that didn't look promising. 

We were playing a game called "in between". It is a game where everyone puts in a buck to start out. You get two cards and you have to decide if the next card you get will be between those two cards. You can bet up to the amount of the pot or simply get out if you don't want to take the chance. If you lose you pay the amount of the bet and if you win you take that amount from the pot. In this game, when you get an ace on the first card you get a choice of calling it high or low. The second ace is always high. I figured this was the game for me considering my finances. If I had a good chance I would stay and if not I could just pass.

We were about five minutes into this game and everyone was very unlucky. There was 42 dollars in the pot. Up to this point I didn't really have anything to go on so I just passed every time it was my turn. As luck would have it, I finally got an ace on the first card. Since no aces had come out of the deck I decided I would call my ace low. My next card happened to be an ace as well. This was great. The only way I could lose was to have another ace come up as my next card. That was very unlikely so I wanted to go for all the money. Unfortunately I only had four dollars left. I told the guys that I would like to go for the entire pot and if I loss I would go to the nearest ATM and get the money. Since everyone had put money into the pot except me, and the chances were good that I would win, nobody wanted to give me that option. I was a little pissed but I couldn't really blame them for not wanting to let me take their money. After a lot of begging, Tim said he would loan me the money if I agreed to be his slave for the rest of the night. I had no problem with serving him drinks all night long considering I was just about to break even for the night. I went for the pot and was in shock when the next card was another ace. 

Everyone had a good laugh but not as big as when my new master said "go get me a beer bitch". While trying to deal with the fact that I just lost another 42 dollars, I did as I was told. I didn't think things could be any worse but when I handed Tim his beer, I was in for the biggest shock of the night. Tim said "thanks for the beer, now I want you to get on your knees and blow me". I couldn't believe what I was hearing. Certainly he was joking. I laughed but when he reached down and lowered his shorts, my jaw dropped to the floor. No way was my friend, who is married to an incredibly beautiful woman, expecting me to give him a blowjob. I looked to the other guys for support but all they had to say was "you made the bet". Being straight (at least at the time), I told him there was no way I was going to do it. He looked at the other guys and said "he lost, lets make him pay". 

To my surprise, John and Tom came beside me and grabbed my arms as I was pushed to the floor. I was a little scared of what was going to happen but I had thought about being with another man for a long time and this seemed like a great opportunity to do so without having to admit it. Tim stood up and walked towards me. He was playing with his semi hard cock. I pretended to struggle for a while but eventually took him in my mouth. I could feel him growing as my lips went up and down the length of his shaft. I couldn't believe what was happening. I had a mans cock in my mouth and I was liking it. 

It must have been obvious that I enjoyed having him in my mouth because he told the other guys to let go of my arms. Now that I wasn't being forced I was a little afraid that it would be obvious that I wanted it. At this point I didn't care. I put my hand around his cock and began to stroke it as my mouth went up and down. I knew he was enjoying the attention I was giving him because he grabbed the back of my head and began to moan. I must have been doing a good job because he told everyone he was about to cum. I wasn't about to drink his cum so I took my mouth off his cock but continued to stroke it. It wasn't long before he started shooting stream after stream of hot cum all over my face. 

When he was done, I was somewhat embarressed. I looked around the room to see what the other guys were thinking. To my suprise, half of them were already naked. John walked up and said it was his turn. I wasted no time putting my mouth around his cock. Both Tom and Mark wanted some of the action as well. While my mouth went up and down John's shaft, my hands were busy stroking Tom and Mark off. Before the night was over, I was rewarded with load after load of cum all over my face. 

While I haven't swallowed or done anal, I am still very curious. Anyone want to play cards?