 New Year's Eve party at my girlfriend's friend's condo. I wandered away from Jules as she stood in a circle with three other girls gossiping and laughing about another girl across the room. The two ice cubes in the bottom of my drink glass rattled, subtly signaling me to head toward the bar. So I did. 

Pushing through the melee, I accidentally bumped a stranger's elbow and consequently spilled his drink down the front of his ostensibly tailored and mint-colored, button down shirt, discoloring the expensive fabric. "Oh, shit, I'm sorry," I said, truly apologetic. 

He looked down at his shirt then up into my eyes with a pair of the most exquisite, piercing, silver eyes I have ever seen. Without anger in his voice, he said with a coquettish grin, "No, it's ok. It was bound to happen," and he leaned in close to my ear, his fresh warm breath on my neck, ignoring the woman he was talking to before the mishap, and he said, "it's packed liked a can of sardines in here."

At the bar I handed him a wad of drink napkins to soak up the mess I'd made. I insisted on buying him a drink and, "Ah, what the hell," he said, "get me a gin and tonic." 

I ordered the same thing and when we got our drinks we found ourselves alone in the quiet shadows of the corner of a room, talking about our girlfriends, about sports, music, books, life. He told me his name was "William."

As we spoke he looked out through the crowd for his girlfriend and, standing by his side, I looked him over. He had a deep, rich, bronze tan and combined with his dirty blond hair, slender body, wide shoulders and square jaw, I thought he might a descendent of German Olympians. As I scanned his frame my eyes fell over his crotch, and I couldn't help but notice a thick and long bulge in his tailored slacks. 

He tapped my shoulder and when I looked u, he was staring into my eyes again, that grin on his face again. Suddenly embarrassed, I cleared my throat and averted my eyes. He said, "So, you play poker?"

"Um, yeah...well, from time to time, nothing too serious though."

"You should come out. A buddy of mine...James, he has a game every Thursday night."

"Thursdays."

"Yeah. It's ladies night. They go out and we stay in. Drink some beers. Smoke cigars. Shit like that. Manly shit."

I laughed nervously and told him I was interested. I gave him my phone number and just as he was slipping his cell phone back into his pants pocket, our girlfriends honed in our location and staggered toward us hand-in-hand. Obviously drunk, Jules slurred as she said, "What are you two doing over here? Are you hiding from us? You know it's almost midnight?"

William and I parted ways with a handshake and with our drunk girlfriends in our arms and he vowed to call me the following week. 

A couple of nights after New Year's, I awoke in my bed in my apartment with an engorged and pulsating hard-on. Since Jules has her own place and hardly ever stays the night, and that night was not the exception, I threw off my duvet, pulled off my basketball shorts, closed my eyes and began stroking my neatly trimmed seven inch cock. 

Initially, I thought about Jules going down on me as I sat spread-eagled on the edge of my couch cushion. She was soon joined in my dreams by William as he swaggered out of the bathroom naked, his thick and tan, soft Germanic cock swinging against his thighs with each slow step toward me. Jules continued to suck my cock, gagging herself on my meat, but William climbed up onto the couch and sat on the armrest. 

I looked from the top of Jules' head to William's cock inches from my face. Looking up into William's eyes, he smiled then nodded his chin at his man meat. I licked my lips and hesitantly reached over and grabbed the base of his cock. He leaned back and exhaled loudly, in ecstasy. William's cock felt so thick in my hand even though it was only semi erect. I stroked it slowly at first, like I would stroke my own cock, and suddenly I felt this overwhelming urge to put it in my mouth. 

I licked my lips again and eased my face closer and closer to his ever-hardening cock. William ran a hand through my hair and gripped the back of my head. I opened my mouth and stuck out my tongue. I licked the tip and I felt like a lightning bolt had just surged through my body. I wanted all of it in my mouth. I swirled my tongue around his bulbous mushroom head, dampening the tip with my spit, then wrapped my moist lips around the shaft. His foreskin was warm and tasted a bit salty, but simply having his hardening cock in my mouth made me want to spurt. 

William pushed my head down on his dick and I opened my mouth wider to compensate for his immense girth. He pulled my head up and pushed my head down over and over again until I took over on my own, ravenously bobbing on his monstrous rod, ravaging his cock with my mouth, stretching my throat until I gagged, alternating between sucking, licking, and stroking. William tightened his grip on my hair and exploded in my mouth, his cock tensing with each spurt down my throat, and that's when I came all over my stomach and chest, even hitting my chin and lower lip. I licked my own come off my lips and decided I wouldn't mind if William came in my mouth. 

The next few days were miserable. I anxiously awaited William's phone call and I masturbated every morning in the shower and every night in bed, fantasizing about William's cock in my mouth, his shaven balls in my mouth, us in the 69 position sucking the come out of one another's cock, him reaming my tight ass with his baseball bat cock, with his big balls slapping my hamstrings. 

William called me at noon on Thursday as I stood in the bathroom stall at work with my pants around my ankles and my hard dick in my hand. "Hey, you got plans tonight," he asked. 

"Poker, with you."

"Good," he said and gave me the address. 

Everyone was there and well into a second hand of poker when I arrived at James' split-level house. James, 5-foot 9-inches tall, heavily muscled and black, greeted me at the door. He wore a yellow polo shirt two sizes too small, making his biceps look as if they'd tear the sleeves at any moment. "You must be Rob," he said more than asked. 

"Yep," I replied and held up a case of beer. 

"Great. Come on in." 

James handed William the case of beer and after William disappeared into the kitchen, James introduced me to the other two players, Marcus and Tommy. On his way back into the room, William handed me a beer and said, "They're straight," low enough for only me to hear. James smiled and William sat. I pulled out a chair between William and James and took a long sip from my beer. James bit the end off of a cigar and handed it to me. He lit my cigar and flipped the Zippo lighter closed, his hand tracing the outside of my thigh as he slipped the lighter into his pants pocket. 

After about seven beers and a dozen rounds of poker, Marcus and Tommy stumbled out the front door toward their car. As soon as the door closed, William hit the power button on the receiver and turned on some contemporary, ambient music. I sank into James' chocolate leather couch and sipped my beer. William said, "Fuck, I couldn't wait for them to leave."

From the kitchen, James yelled, "Me too."

Sitting across from me on James' modern Japanese-style coffee table, William stared at me as he unbuttoned the top three buttons on his shirt. He tried to pull it over his head and when he realized he needed help, he leaned forward and I pulled the rest off, exposing his smooth, tan, and bare chest. I let his shirt fall to the floor by my feet and he sank to his knees in front of me, his hands on the tops of my thighs, his eyes fixed on mine. 

My dick twitched in my pants and William ran both his hands forward, closer to my groin, at the same time walking himself in closer. 

My heart began to race and my breath quickened, my dick grew inside my pants. 

William licked his lips and grabbed both sides of my face, pulling my mouth down to meet his, and we kissed, soft at first. His fingers on my skin made me quiver like a school girl. His soft and full lips pressed against mine were like magic, opening a slew of erotic yearnings I never imagined I had. 

William darted his tongue into my mouth and we French kissed for what seemed like hours. Soon my shirt was off and he was unbuckling my belt. Still locked in a deep embrace, our tongues battling for superiority, William stood, pulling me up with him. He yanked my belt from my pants and dropped it clattering to the floor. 

William kissed my neck. He suckled on my earlobe, his breath tickling me and giving me goose bumps. Slowly he worked his mouth down, pausing momentarily over my shoulders, then my chest. Then, taking a nipple in his mouth, William sucked and bit down lightly. He coiled his tongue around my nipple then moved to the other one, tugging gently with my tiny nipple between his lips. 

My cock begged to be free and when William realized this he popped the button fly open. With both hands, he slid his fingers between into my jeans and pulled my pants down to my ankles. My cock stood straight up like a meaty flagpole and it stared him in the face when he raised his head. "Mmm...no undies. I like that," William said lasciviously. I wanted him to grab my cock and devour it with his mouth, but he waited, knowing exactly what he was doing to me. 

Completely naked from head to toe, James walked into the room. His muscles rippled beneath his smooth and creamy, caramel skin. His turgid cock stood upright as he glided across the floor to where I stood, to where William slowly lowered himself to his knees again. 

James pushed me backward onto the couch. William untied my shoes and slipped them off, then my socks and pants. James stood by my side, our legs toughing, and he stroked his dark meat stick as William turned and removed his pants. 

James asked, "You like what you see, white boy?"

I didn't answer. James repeated, gritting his teeth, "I said, you like what you see white boy?"

"Yes...yes," I said, reaching for my cock. 

James slapped my hand away. "Oh no, white boy. That cock is mine."

William faced me and his cock was larger than I imagined, so large and heavy that it was impossible to stand at attention. It hanged there like a one liter soda bottle. I desperately wanted to taste it then. 

"Would you look at this," James said to William, "this white boy can't wait to get his lips around your dick. I thought you said he was a virgin?"

"I am," I said, panting, "I am." 

"Pull your legs up," James ordered me and I complied, grasping my legs behind my knees and pulling them toward my head... 

James maneuvered behind my head and held the backs of my knees by my ears while William kneeled down. He pushed up on my lower back, raising my ass and balls and cock closer to his face. I spread my cheeks with my hands so William had easier access. 

"Suck my dick, white boy," James instructed and I rotated my head. James huge black cock eyed me and without hesitation I greedily gobbled his cock up, taking it in my mouth. Greasing it with my spit, I licked the shaft. His balls smelled like sweat, but that were electric in my mouth. 

William tongued the rim of my asshole then wrapped his hand around my throbbing cock. "Mmmmm....god your fucking cock tastes so goooooood," William said, then shoved my meat back into his mouth. I slurped on James' black cock, forcing my head down as far as I could take his meat down my throat as he kept pressure on the backs of my knees. James grunted and said, "That's it, white boy, take daddy's cock all the way down your throat, that's it."

I felt a pressure in my ass and spit James' cock out of my mouth. Gasping for air, I looked down and William had two fingers in my ass, warming me up for his thick cock I suspected. 

"Oh god, William, yes," and William pumped his fingers in and out of my asshole with increasing fury. Soon he was banging my asshole with three then four fingers. 

"Put my dick back in your mouth boy," James said and I did. 

Instead of bobbing on his cock, James thrust his hips back and forth, back and forth, back and forth. William fucked my ass with his fingers and sucked my cock, taking all of it into his mouth. 

As James fucked my face with his beastly cock, I looked down and saw that as William sucked my cock and finger banged my virgin ass, he also stroked his monstrous cock. So talented. 

James let go of my knees and grabbed the back of my head and he held my nose against my abdomen as he exploded into my mouth. It seemed like his come would never stop. He yelled as he came, "AHHHHHHH," with his head arched backward. His cocked pulsed and pulsed and I sucked and sucked until his cock was bone dry. I swallowed his gallon of come and spit his cock out and James fell backward onto the couch. Spent. 

William said, "You're ready for me now," and he flipped me onto my stomach so that my ass stuck up into the air. "Hold your ass cheeks open," William said. 

I pulled my ass open wide and I felt the tip of William's cock at the entrance into my asshole. Inch by slow inch he eased his cock in. "Ohhhhhhh my GAWD," I said, "Holy shit."

William worked his cock in and out of my asshole, in and out, in and out until finally I felt his thighs against my hamstrings. His cock was all the way in and it felt incredible. His meaty cock stretched my asshole and rubbed my prostate. He increased the tempo, fucking my ass faster then faster then faster. He grabbed my hips, pulling me closer so that his cock went deeper. The sound of our sweaty skin smacking against each others. 

James was hard again and poking at my lips with his cock. I slipped his dick into my mouth. William fucked me hard and suddenly I felt an explosion as I came all over the floor, my entire body quivering, my cock gushing with come, spraying the floor with my sticky seed. I tried to scream, but James held my head down onto his cock. William fucked my ass like it was the last time he would ever fuck anything. He came inside my ass, filling my guts with his warm juice. James came in my mouth again. All of us screaming in pure ecstasy, our balls drained, we slumped to the floor in a twisted heap of heaving, sweating, and masculine body parts, with our legs and arms and cocks intertwined like a massive spiderweb. 

We fucked twice more that night and Thursdays are no longer poker nights with the guys. It's poking night with William and James.