 Clinging to the ledge of the pool, I pretended to take a break from swimming my daily laps. That's one great thing about goggles—like dark sunglasses, they give you the freedom to stare at anyone. And Marco definitely gave me a lot to look at.

It was hard to believe that when we had first met just a few years ago, I wouldn't have given him a second glance. In his high school years, he was a thin kid with an awkwardly boyish face. Like me, his lean frame made him a natural swimmer, and we also shared an interest in art. Marco was a natural artist, much better than me. Back then we bonded over our mutual interests, but my feelings about him never crossed into the sexual realm. I graduated two years before he did, and I never really thought about him after that. 

Until now, of course. 

The physical changes he had undergone in the intervening years were truly stunning. Gone was the skinny, weirdly-proportioned eighteen-year old that I knew. Clearly he had been spending time in the gym, because the guy in front of me belonged in a swimsuit catalog—a tight chest, broad back, washboard abs, and arms with enough muscle to make the veins stand out—all accentuated by lightly tanned Brazilian skin. He was ripped, but he wasn't too muscular. His face, once boyish, was now strikingly handsome, with chiseled features outlined by a light stubble. His straight brown hair, wet from the pool, was long enough on top to sweep across his eyes and fall naturally over his ears. 

Transfixed, I watched as he effortlessly one-armed himself out of the pool. The wet bathing suit clung tightly to his body, perfectly outlining his shapely, protruding ass. And nobody could miss the sizable bulge in between his legs either. 

I often found myself fantasizing about both features, getting my rocks off to thoughts of fucking his bubble butt or having his big cock tearing up my ass. Alas, I had never done either of those deeds with any guy. Through all of high school, I was strictly into ladies. Indeed, I still thought often about them. But a break-up with a girlfriend and my generally non-conformist attitude got me thinking about what it would be like to play for the other team for a day. The illicit nature of the act attracted me—after all, there must be something to this gay thing if so many guys enjoy it. It started out by just watching some gay porn for the thrill of it, but the curiosity soon became a habit, and the habit quickly turned into a constant fantasy. I was determined to have at least one gay experience, and I wanted that to be soon. 

As Marco walked toward the locker room, he noticed me bobbing at the pool's edge. I raised a hand to wave. 

"Hey Nicky," he said, smiling to reveal a two rows of white, even teeth. 

"What's up Marco," I replied, removing my goggles. 

"Oh, you know, studying for finals. Trying to carve out time to read a textbook I should have been reading all year."

"Yeah," I laughed, "pretty much the same thing here. What are you up to this tonight?" 

"Probably having a few people over my apartment. Just to chill and drink casually. Wanna come?"

"Definitely, man. What time?"

"10?"

"Yeah, sure thing," he grinned. "See you later."

"Later."

I watched as Marco walked down and turned into the locker room, following the movement of his ass. As it happened, we had both ended up at the same university, and after my last relationship ended we started hanging out more. We weren't exactly friends, but he was fun to be around. To be honest, I always felt a bit of queer vibe from him—he had many beautiful female friends, but as far as I knew that's all they were. No girlfriends. No sex. Plus, he was an artist—surely he had at least entertained the notion of sex with a man. And then there were the "moments." Putting his hand on my hand. Catching him looking at me. A strange look in his eyes, almost a hunger. But I never made any moves on him—not that I knew how, anyway. If I was wrong, then it would be extremely embarrassing for both of us. I had never been with a man, and I was not keen to announce to the world that I was open to experimentation. 

...

"See yeah later, Marco. Bye Nicky."

"See ya guys."

It was now around 2 a.m., and the last of the small crowd was just leaving. Marco's apartment was empty for the night, so now it was just me and him in the small living room. I almost got up to leave, too, but I didn't. This would be our first time alone, and being slightly drunk, I wanted to see where this went. Fortunately Marco didn't question my lingering presence. We continued to chat—he, too, was plainly a bit inebriated—and soon he was sitting next to me showing off a new pen and ink drawing. 

"I might have gone too far in a few places. What do you think?"

The drawing depicted a long-haired, muscular man kneeling on the ground, with a voluptuous, naked woman sitting on his back. Definitely erotic, but I had no idea what the message was. 

"Is that supposed to be you?" I asked, pointing to the man. The resemblance was clear. 

"Well, it could be," Marco laughed, putting his hand on my thigh as he did. I ignored the gesture. 

"But what is all of his supposed to be? Some kind of kinky sex thing?"

"Maybe," he replied, grinning mischievously. His hand was still on my thigh, and my dick was stiffening. 

"Maybe?" I asked, my voice quavering ever so slightly. 

"It means whatever you want it to mean." He pulled his hand away, but now his body was so close to mine that our legs and shoulders were touching. Marco's face was close now, too close. I continued to stare down at the paper, but I knew he was looking right at me. 

"Well..." I said, my voice trailing off. I looked up to meet Marco's gaze, saw that look of intense hunger in his light hazel eyes. Maybe it was the alcohol urging me on, but I found my free hand casually moving down toward his leg. Marco moved his face even closer to mine. My heart was pounding. I knew that this could be it—I may never get this opportunity again. 

I leaned in and kissed Marco full on the lips. It was clumsy, but he did not resist, returning the kiss with incredible passion. Years of sexual tension burst through to the service all at once. Our hands and bodies moved in a blur, shirts being ripped off, then pants. We were still on the couch, but now Marco was on top of me as we made out furiously in nothing but our boxers. My dick was rock solid, and I felt his own hard boner on my leg. 

After several breathless minutes, Marco pulled my boxers down and my dick flopped out, standing at attention. Tentatively, he took my erection in his hand, stroking it slowly. 

"Have you ever been with a dude before?" he asked. 

"No. I want to though."

Marco moved his head down to my crotch, continuing to jack me off. 

"Can I suck it?" he asked. 

"Yes," I answered immediately. I was panting, practically paralyzed that this was actually happening.

Marco opened his mouth and wrapped his lips around my cock, sucking and stroking expertly. He knew exactly what he was doing—it was like no blowjob I had ever received from a girl. I reached out and grabbed his hair, gently pressing his head down onto my seven inch boner. He looked up at me, eyes wide as he blew my dick. Marco was a bona fide master of cock sucking. He knew exactly how to use his tongue, how to tighten his lips for maximum pleasure, how to stroke my cock. It wasn't long before he brought me to the brink of orgasm.

"Marco, please, I'm gonna cum..."

With a loud pop, Marco pulled his lips off my dick. 

"Not yet," he said. "How about you return the favor?" He rose to his feet, yanked his boxers down, and put his rock solid cock right front of my face. Fully erect, it was at least eight inches. I stuck out my tongue, tentatively licking the tip, and then I put my lips around the full mushroom head. Despite my slow and sloppy sucking skills, Marco seemed to thoroughly enjoy having his man meat in my mouth. Eventually I started to get the hang of it, and Marco began to slowly fuck my face. Sucking off his huge cock and hearing moan in pleasure was turning me on big time. I wanted more than just oral sex, and I wanted it now. I paused the sucking momentarily. 

"I want you to fuck me," I said. 

"Have you ever been fucked before?"

"No. I want it so bad though."

Grinning, Marco took me by the hand and led me to his bedroom, shutting the door behind him. He shoved me onto the bed and then straddled me. Being manhandled like that only made me even hornier, and I grabbed the back of his neck and pulled him in for a kiss. Marco grabbed my arms and pinned me to the bed, sliding his dick along my abs as we made out. I wanted him in me so fucking bad. 

From a bedside drawer, he grabbed a bottle of lube and a box of condoms. I swatted the rubbers away. I wanted my first time to be unadulterated. It was risky, but I didn't care. 

"No condoms," I said. 

"Are you sure?" Marco asked. "I'm tested, but are you comfortable with that?"

"Yeah," I said firmly. I wanted to feel his cock in me and nothing else. 

Marco squirted some lube onto the tip of his finger, rubbing it around my anus. Then he lubed up a finger and inserted it slowly into my ass. I moaned softly as he added a second finger, then a third. The thrill of having another man's fingers in my ass was beyond imagining. I had used toys before, but nothing could compare to someone else doing it for me. I couldn't stand it any longer. I wanted his cock. I wanted him to take me like a fucking bitch. 

"Are you ready?" he asked. 

"Yes," I said breathlessly, nodding my head. 

I felt a shiver as his cock touched my lubed-up hole. He started with a little teasing, probing around my ass with his dick, prepping me for the moment. The anticipation was killing me. But then he began to apply a little bit of pressure, gently pushing his cock against my butthole. My heart was racing. I tried to keep my breathing steady even as I was moments away from having another man's hard cock in my ass for the first time. 

Marco looked straight into my eyes as the tip of his penis pressed harder and harder into my rear. At long last I opened up, and the head of his cock slipped past my sphincter and into my asshole. A moan of pure ecstasy escaped my lips. My hole naturally puckered, trying to expel the invader, but as I relaxed again the muscled boy's dick only went in deeper. 

"How does that feel?" he asked. 

"Good," I breathed, almost in a whisper. 

Carefully, Marco began to actually fuck me, his abs taut as he worked my ass. I closed my eyes and focused on nothing but the feeling of the big Brazilian dick burying itself inside of me. Naturally his eight inches of man meat took a lot of getting used to. But at the same time, the sensation of Marco's boner in my butt felt so good, so right. I opened my eyes and stole a glance down the length of my body, watching as his cock slowly penetrated me. He was only utilizing about half the length of his piece, but now I wanted more. 

"Aww man, fuck me harder," I implored. 

Marco propped himself up on me, pressing my legs further into my chest, thrusting his long penis even deeper into my gaping hole. 

"ARGHH!"

The muscled boy held my legs down as he leaned in and kissed my lips and then my neck, all the while continuing to increase the pace and strength of his thrusts. Pretty soon I felt his hips hitting my ass cheeks—he was balls-deep in me. I moaned uncontrollably as I took all eight inches of his beautiful dick. Marco was clearly enjoying my tight virgin ass. Our faces were an inch apart, the light stubble on his face occasionally scratching me. I could feel his breathing intensify in concert with the speed of his penetration. 

"Oh God, oh God Marco, please fuck me, fuck me harder!"

"You want me to totally destroy your ass?"

"Yes, please..."

Without removing his cock, Marco moved my body to the edge of the bed. Now standing upright, he grabbed a hold of my biceps, gripped them firmly. My legs were still scrunched up against my body, my feet underneath his armpits. With my asshole now opened for maximum penetration, Marco began to fuck me with reckless abandon. My eyes rolled back into my head as the sound of his hips bucking into my ass filled the room. Even as his cock threatened to split my ass in two, my own penis was rock solid as the Latino boy totally dominated me. I held onto his bulging triceps as I begged for his cock. Nothing mattered in that moment except for Marco and the eight inches of dick barebacking my virgin hole. 

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, cum in me, cum in my ass!" I yelled as I furiously jerked my dick. 

Marco held my hips as he put the full force of his beautiful body into my butt. Every one of his muscles popped with effort as he took me, ramming his dick into my hole like a jackhammer. After what seemed like an eternity, Marco began crying out in pleasure as his thrusts became slower and sloppier. His face relaxed into an expression of pure ecstasy, and I knew in that moment that he was emptying his balls deep into my ass. 

"Oh fuck Nicky, oh fuck, I'm cumming, FUCK!"

It was too much; my cock immediately erupted in the most intense orgasm I had ever experienced. I only saw stars as a fountain of my own semen shot out with incredible force. 

"OHHH FUCK!!" I cried out as cum sprayed all over my hair, face, and chest. Marco collapsed on top of me, and we made out passionately for several breathless seconds. I felt his warm spunk leaking out of my hole, creating a small wet spot on sheets now damp with semen and sweat. 

"That was incredible," Marco said, his tongue shooting out to lap up some of the cum on my face.

I was too out of breath to even reply, and instead pulled him in for another kiss. We rolled around on the bed, our lips glued together. Even after we broke apart and calmed down, I still couldn't find any words. He had just popped my cherry in spectacular fashion, and nothing I could have said would have captured the experience. 

After totally wearing ourselves out during sex, Marco and I both found ourselves nodding off in the bed. He was lying flat on his stomach, his beautiful, shapely ass sticking straight up in the air. Right before I drifted off to sleep, I felt my cock stir, remembering how badly I wanted a piece of that ass...

...TO BE CONTINUED