 You might find it strange that a young female would post anything in the "Gay Male" category but I had to share an experience I had with my boyfriend when I was a freshman in college. It was something I would have never suspected, yet at first, I felt betrayed but I also was extremely aroused. Many guys love girl on girl sex so we girls can enjoy a little guy on guy sex now and then. I had all these feelings overwhelm me and hopefully they will you as well. 

Now in graduate school, I feel I am wiser to the world but I was naïve when I came to college as a bright hazel-eyed, 19 year old, dirty blonde. I stood 5'6 and weighed 120 fit pounds thanks to my enthusiasm for working out. I dated a few guys in high school but never had a connection like I did with James when I got to USC. He was a swimmer on the team and a senior. James was 6'3, weighed 180 pounds of lean muscle, wore his blonde hair in a short faux hawk, and an overall sweet guy. 

I met him at a party within the first week I arrived and we just meshed. He was really the first boyfriend who genuinely listened and made the effort to connect with me emotionally. That connection made our love making sessions amazing. We would go at it for hours and he would make sure I had many orgasms before it ended. James was a pre-med major, had a good family, so with all those qualities, I thought I had found "the one" at the beginning of my college career. 

James was renting a small, single, two-story townhouse just a couple miles off campus. I was living in the dorms but was basically staying at his house three or four nights a week. We actually knew each other's schedule better than we knew our own. On Wednesday evenings, James worked a four hour internship at a local hospital while I was attending a three hour lab as part of my Chemistry class. 

It was early November and just before I left my dorm room to attend lab, the class received a mass email informing us that the lab had been cancelled. Knowing that I had some time before James was finished, I put my hair up, put on my leggings, sports bra, socks and tennis shoes for a late afternoon jog. My plan was to run the two miles to his place, shower and fix dinner for him for when he returned from the hospital. I situated my phone so that I could listen to music and with earbuds in place, I was off. 

Just a few blocks from James's house and almost finished with my cardio workout, my phone rang. I was surprised when I saw on the caller ID that it was James because he wasn't allowed to use his phone when working. I stopped and slide my finger across it to see what was up while wiping the sweat from my face with the opposite hand. 

Out of breath, I answered, "Hi you." 

There was no response on the other end but I could hear a couple of guys talking in the background when I asked, "Hello? James are you there?" 

I knew right away he had pocket-dialed me and I yelled out a few more times to get James's attention. With still no answer, I was about to hang it up when I distinctly heard one of the guys say, "...get my dick sucked." The other male voice laughed and said, "We have come to the right place." 

That was so bizarre and it was on James's phone. I thought, "Why would someone say that at the hospital?" 

I kept the phone on and tried to listen to more of the dialogue as I started running to his house. In a couple of minutes I get to James's driveway and his car along with a couple more vehicles are parked there. Now I was starting to get angry, thinking he was either having a party with girls present or he was cheating on me with a double date couple. I wasn't sure what to think. 

With the phone in hand, I was not going to let him off that easy and I planned to catch him in the act. The townhouse was designed with the bedroom upstairs while the open concept living room and kitchen were downstairs. Along the side of the house were wooden stairs leading up to a small deck attached outside of the sliding glass doors that led to the bedroom. I slowly crept up those stairs only to see between the opened blinds, inside the bedroom, that nobody was in there. The bed was made and I used the key stored inside my bra, to enter. Quietly sliding the door closed, I tiptoed through the bedroom and into the upper hallway, located above the downstairs living area like a balcony. That is when I could hear the voices and I knelt down beside the artificial tree located at the beginning of the safety rails lining the hallway. 

With a birds-eye view, I witnessed through the spindles, my boyfriend sitting on the edge of his couch with a young guy wearing a high school letter jacket, standing in front of him. The 18 year old boy had his pants down around his ankles and a fully clothed James had both hands around his ass, moving his head in and out, sucking his hard cock. From my side angle, I could see that James was deepthroating what looked to be about a seven incher. There were three other guys casually standing around, patiently awaiting their turn and one of them was also wearing the exact letter jacket as the one getting blown. 

In shock, I sat down for a second. I didn't know if I should be totally upset, angry, or what? On one hand, James had lied to me and is getting sexual with somebody else but on the other hand, it was with guys and I could not help getting a gooey twitch in my vagina from such a hot sight. On occasion, I would actually masturbate to guy on guy porn and here I was witnessing it, not only in real life, but an actual boyfriend who I know intimately. 

I got back to my knees and slowly put my head through the fake branches to peer downward. Scanning the room, I saw James's phone sitting on the table next to the lamp which reminded me that I was audibly connected even though I could hear their voices echoing throughout the room. My pussy was soaked and I decided I wasn't going to interrupt the gay peep show but use it to get myself off. I put my phone up to my ear so I could improve the sound. 

The boy getting sucked, put his hands to each side of James's head like he was holding it steady just before his upper body hunched forward over top James. He was grunting and shaking which told me he was cumming in James's mouth. James kept sucking, allowing the high schooler to finish without interruption. When done, the boy pulled is saliva covered cock out of my boyfriend's mouth and with his jeans still bunched around his ankles, shuffled off to the side, allowing one of his buddies to step in. 

The guy in the striped shirt laughed while asking, "Was that good, Gary?"

Those words established the first guy in the letter jacket was Gary and he exhaled his response with a glazed look in his eyes, "Whew! Oh, yeah. It was damn good! Your turn, dude." 

I had to agree with him that it was "damn good." It was damn good to watch and I needed to get my fingers to my pussy. James swallowed his load like I always do with him. I was proud that I had taught him well. While Gary was pulling up his pants, striped shirt boy was in front of James, pulling his shorts down to his knees. This gave me an opportunity to do the same. I slid my leggings and panties down far enough to allow me to spread my legs. While on my knees, I could feel my squishy lips ready for action. When my middle finger touched my clit, I just about came right there. 

Striped shirt boy was taller so James had to scoot more to the edge of the couch in order to get the boy's now hard cock, in his mouth. That dick looked big and judging by James's ability to get about half of it in his mouth, confirmed my assumption. The muscular guy who was letter jacket wearer number two, took his pants completely off, stroking his cock, nonverbally telling the fourth boy, he was next in line. 

That muscular boy then requested, "Hurry up, man. I'm fuckin horny and need to get out of here."

James was now sucking striped shirt boy in the same manner he did Gary as James held onto his ass cheeks for leverage. That guy let out a slow moan, "Ohhhh fuck. Hang on dude, this ain't gonna take long, I promise ya." 

It wasn't easy holding my phone in one hand and trying to masturbate with the other, all-the-while, trying to not be seen by the group. I felt a small orgasm twitch through me but that was just the beginning. I needed a couple of strong ones. Gary was now disinterested as he played on his phone, waiting for his friend to get off in my boyfriend's mouth. 

Just then, striped shirt boy growled, "Oh fuck! I'm fuckin cummin! Yeahhhhhhh! Oh, damn! Fuuuuuuck! Fuuuuuckk!" 

That put me over the edge and my legs clenched up around my hand in a powerful spasm. Oh, it felt incredible! I stifled my own loud growl. The striped shirt boy, put one hand on top of James's head, pulled his cock out of his mouth and squeezed the shaft before putting it back in James's mouth to suck out that last drop. I couldn't believe how much and how long he came. It was nearly thirty seconds for him to completely finish. When he stepped away, it took less than a second for him to pull his shorts up like he was at a sex vending machine. 

James swallowed the massive load of sperm and asked the remaining two who both now had their pants off, "Who's next? Let me see your IDs first." 

Wanting to see those, conveyed two things to me. First, the two remaining boys were unknown to James and second he was playing it safe to make sure they were 18 years old. At least he was playing it safe. Both guys handed James their licenses like James was a bartender at a local pub. He handed them back. Meanwhile, Gary and the striped shirt wearing second guy blown, opened the door and headed out but not before Gary blurted, "See ya next Wednesday." 

That left the muscular letter jacket wearer and the skinny glasses wearing boy. The muscular guy was more a dominant personality type when he tapped James on the shoulder, "Dude, trade me places. I want to sit down for this." 

James stood up from his couch as the jacket wearing boy who was naked from the waist down, plopped down like he was at home. He put his hands behind his head in a casual manner and spread his legs. James was down on his knees and immediately engulfed his stiff 6 inches. The boy cocked his head back and closed his eyes for a moment completely enjoying the head James was giving him.

"Oh, dude. That is the shit right there. You are better than my girlfriend," moaned the boy. 

I could hear wet slurping on that guy's cock every time James went down. When James had the cock completely buried down his throat then used his tongue on boy's balls, I almost giggled because he was stealing my move. James was very good at it so at least he had been paying attention when I sucked him off. When James began bobbing his head quicker in the boy's lap, the boy's mouth was hanging open like he was getting close. His lower jaw began to quiver as did my pussy. I was rubbing my clit, up and down with lightning speed. 

The boy broke his hands behind his own head and pushed James's head down on his cock while yelling, "I'm cummin! Stay down on it! Ohhhh, fuck! Stay down! Stay down! Augghhh!" 

Holding my boyfriend's head in place so that he could not move, the muscular high schooler emptied his balls into James's mouth. Just then I had the most powerful orgasm of the afternoon to that point. I clamped my mouth together, shaking my head, trying not to make a noise. When I gained my own composure, the muscular high schooler had already gotten up, was wiping his cock with a hand towel and the skinny boy had taken his place on the couch. 

As the muscular jacket wearer was putting his pants back on, he ordered the skinny boy, "Hurry up and blow your load. I need to get goin." 

The skinny boy had a long thin cock that I would estimate at least 8 inches. James held it by the base and pointed it straight to the ceiling before he licked the head, enthusiastically cleaning off the precum. The boy's eyes were wide as saucers, telling me that this might have been his first sexual encounter. As soon as James slid his lips down the shaft, the boy began coughing and squirming on the couch. 

Not long after the sucking started, the skinny boy gasped while clenching his fists out to his sides, "Oh! Ohhhh! Ohhhhhh! Ohhhhhhhhh!"

Within a minute the boy was already cumming into James's mouth. The muscular jacket wearing boy hadn't even had a chance to put on his second tennis shoe when his head snapped to see the action, "Damn dude, that was quick as shit. That was your first blowjob, wasn't it?" The muscular boy then laughed while tying his second shoe, "At least you got that taken care of. Let's bolt."

The skinny boy continued to gasp as did I with my final orgasm. I dipped my finger deep into my vagina and wiggled it while I spasmed. James got up and handed the skinny boy the hand towel to wipe off James's saliva. The skinny boy took it but seemed to be moving in slow motion, trying to recover from that burst of pleasure he just received. Finally, he stood up, wiped his hanging dong, and began to dress his lower half. 

After the skinny boy was dressed, both boys left the house without saying a word like two criminals leaving the scene of a crime. I pulled my tights up, adjusted the thong that was now longed in my ass crack, not really knowing what James was going to do next. I hung the phone up and exited back out through the bedroom and the patio door. Knowing that James's "working at the hospital," ruse wasn't supposed to end for a couple more hours, I called a friend to pick me up and take me back to my dorm. 

While showering, I couldn't get the thought of my 23 year old boyfriend pleasuring younger boys. He was so good at cock sucking that it made me wonder just how long he had been doing it. I had so many questions built up in my mind, "Was he gay? If he was, then why did we have such a great relationship with amazing sex? Should I confront him? Should I be upset with myself because I wasn't upset with his actions?" 

I kept it a secret and when it was time, I dressed a little provocative, then drove to his house and upon entering, I asked, "How was the hospital?" 

He was also showered with a change of clothing and smiled, "Oh, you know...the usual James get me this and James get me that. You look great by the way." 

I smiled back, "Thank you." Then I asked, "Anything unusual happen tonight?" 

He looked puzzled before answering, "No...same ole." 

I was still extremely horny and I sensed he was as well. We embraced in a nice long kiss. As we made out, my only thought was that I was kissing the guy's mouth who had exploding cocks in it just a couple of hours ago. That only made my lust for him skyrocket. I began unbuckling his pants and he lifted my blouse up over my head. Within seconds we were both naked and ready for action. His 7 inch, uncircumcised cock was so hard, it looked purple. 

Carrying me, then laying me on the couch, James climbed on top, slid his rock hard dick in my pussy and began to fuck me like he was angry. Feeling those inches slam deep in my vagina, not to mention those balls slapping my ass was just what I needed after witnessing that guy on guy scene. I wanted to talk dirty about it but I didn't feel it was the right time. 

I was already orgasming, "Oh my god! I'm cumming! Oh, yes baby! Just like that. Don't stooooooop!" 

His ass was moving up and down, driving his hard cock in me like we both hadn't had sex in years. When I would fantasize that I was him and he was one of those guys fucking him, I would have another climax. I must have cum three or four times before he screamed while releasing his pent up sperm deep into my womb. I could feel that he had released a large amount of seed inside me. 

James was panting when he stood up. His cock had not deflated any. It was still as hard as before we started. We went into the bedroom and fucked for much of the evening. We were doing it in every position and I ended up having double digit orgasms. James cum three times! If it weren't for friction starting to wear my pussy out, he could have went longer. 

As we were dressing, that is when it dawned on me that many of our incredible sex sessions were on Wednesday evenings. I put two and two together. Having sex with guys, made James incredibly horny and evidently watching him do it, also increased my libido. I was so close to telling him that I knew and didn't care but now I wanted no part in ruining such a good thing, at least not at that time. 

The next few days, I was consumed on a plan to watch James go at it with guys again. If I told him, I felt confident that he would let me watch but I also felt that it was more natural and dirty if he didn't know that I was watching. I think part of the allure was that I was like a fly on the wall and he would just be himself. The next several days, I masturbated to guy on guy porn. I couldn't get enough of it. 

The next Wednesday, I was willing to miss my lab just to watch James have gay sex again. I stayed all night with him on Tuesday just to make sure I had access to the glass doors leading to the high rise deck. With key in hand, I headed out to my Wednesday morning classes. We kissed and I could not concentrate on anything else all day long. I felt like a child wishing the day away in order to open presents on Christmas. 

Finally, the time had come. It was time for James to "go to the hospital" and me to my lab. However, I needed to be prepared. It was so difficult to masturbate last time while wearing leggings so this time I put on a flimsy skirt with no panties along with my low-cut, sky blue, Chuck Taylors for stealth. I would have to rely solely on my ability to hear the conversation from the balcony even though I thought about concealing a baby monitor but decided against it. I also needed a little more "kick" for masturbating but could not risk a vibrator noise, so I took along my hooked-end pink gel dildo. I was confident it could do the trick. 

I sat in my car down the street from James's house, playing with my pussy lips as I watched the first vehicle pull in. Four young men got out and walked into the front door. I couldn't tell if any of them were the same guys from the previous week but I did see that two of them were wearing their letter jackets. Before I made my move, a truck pulled in and two more guys got out and also entered the front. 

I didn't want to be caught, yet I didn't want to miss anything so I left my car and on foot, cut through a couple of yards so that I could arrive at the stairs, through the back of the town house. I once again, gently negotiated up the steps, through the sliding glass doors, though the bedroom and to the artificial tree only this time I had conveniently placed a small wooden step next to it. It was one of those steps used to reach up into a closet but I was going to sit on it comfortably. 

Peeking my head through the vegetation, I could see all the high school 18 year old teens getting ready, causally talking among each other. I wished I had the phone to increase audibility because some of the casual sidebar conversations I could not hear. Three of the four guys that were in attendance the previous week were present. I could see the muscular guy still wearing his jacket, Gary who was also wearing his jacket, and the tall skinny virgin boy who wore glasses. The three additional guys were a short baby-faced boy, a chunky boy with a buzzed haircut and lanky black guy with an afro.

I just about lost it, when James began to take his pants off before asking, "Who is going first?" 

Gary said, "Drew can go first, then Chandler." 

A few of the high schoolers were also taking their pants off but leaving their shirts on. I know it sounds cliché but James was wearing the Under Armor athletic supporter jock that I had bought him for his birthday, to keep his package contained. He also had a large sheet draped over the couch for mess protection. James got on all fours with the muscular boy who I now knew was Drew, from the previous Wednesday, getting on his knees in front of him. Drew took the back of James's head and forced him down on his cock. 
