 I woke up with a start, my heart skipping a beat as I noticed the boy sleeping beside me. For a moment I was disoriented, unsure how I ended up in a man's bed. But then I felt a soreness emanating from my rear end, and suddenly I remembered.

I had been fucked in the ass a few hours prior...my dick stiffened at the memory. 

I turned over and watched as Marco slept soundly beside me—even while snoozing he looked hot. Slowly I peeled back the sheet, revealing his nude, muscular body. It really was a work of art...every muscle stood out, perfectly toned, but at the same time he wasn't too big. Light tan skin complimented his figure nicely.

Then there was his ass. My God, his ASS. Two flawless globes protruded from his rear, almost out of proportion with the rest of his body. No sculptor could have carved a better butt—it was the ideal combination of muscle and natural curves. Most girls surely envied his voluptuous booty, and I would venture to say that even many straight men would want to fuck the hell out of it. 

I needed to have it. Long had I fantasized about ravaging this boy's beautiful butt. Marco had already thoroughly pulverized my ass, and it was only fair that I got a piece of his. Carefully, I positioned my face right above his rear. His ass was smooth and hairless, just like his chest. Obviously he shaved it, but I didn't mind. A body like his needed to remain pure. 

I let my hand lightly touch the bare glutes. My cock stirred instantly. I couldn't help myself—I put a second hand on his other cheek and gently kneaded his ass. With a grumble, Marco stirred awake. He looked back at me and smiled as I fondled his butt. 

"Good morning," he said in a mock sexy voice. 

I bent down and planted a kiss on his ass cheek. Then I stuck out my tongue and licked the soft skin. As I continued to work over his cheeks, I slipped a hand under his waist and grabbed at his cock. It was already rock solid. On impulse, I turned him over so his washboard abs faced the ceiling. Then I took his hard tool into my mouth. 

"Arghhh," Marco groaned, closing his eyes. Although I had already taken his eight inches down my throat the night before, I didn't get to bring him to orgasm. Some part of me really, really wanted to feel him finish in my mouth. I sucked Marco hard, my own cock stiffening as I felt him squirm in pleasure. It didn't take long to bring him to the brink. 

"Oh fuck Nicky, shit, I'm gonna blow soon..."

"Mmmm hmmm," I said, my mouth filled with his meat. I tried to remember what girls did to my own cock to drive me wild. I focused on his fat mushroom head, letting my tongue run over the underside. 

"Nicky, oh God that feels good, I'm gonna blow baby, oh BABY!"

Marco's dick pulsed with pleasure as warm spunk hit the back of my throat. The sensation of him losing control in my mouth made my own cock stick straight out. I continued sucking on him until every last drop of cum dripped into my mouth. His cock expelled so much semen that some of it leaked out the corner of my mouth, running down my chin and into his pubes. I slid my lips off of his tool and swallowed the load in one big gulp. 

But I wasn't done yet. I immediate moved from his dick down to his asshole, parting his cheeks with two hands. Without hesitation I dove into ass, jamming my tongue down into his pink hole. Marco let out a sharp sigh of pleasure, clearly surprised at this turn of events. 

"Oh fuck yeah," he breathed quietly, lost in the feeling. I ate out Marco's ass like it was my last meal, making sure that my wet tongue made its way into every nook and cranny. I couldn't imagine myself doing this to anyone else, even a girl. It was an impulsive move and I was enjoying every second of it. Marco had an ass that just begged you to eat it. 

But I also wanted to do more to his ass than just taste it. The issue was I didn't know how to ask permission to fuck another man in his ass. Fortunately, though, Marco solved that problem for me. 

"Oh Nicky, oh baby, I want you. Fuck me Nicky."

I looked up from my meal, climbing on top of him. Marco's eyes were wild, filled with lust as he pulled me in for a kiss. We made out ferociously as my boner pressed against his asshole. 

"Oh God, I want to fuck your perfect ass so bad," I said, my voice thick with lust. 

"Do it, Nicky, fuck me bareback. I want you inside of me."

I reached over and grabbed the bottle of lube that had recently been used to moisten my asshole. I squirted some into my hand, struggling to keep the bottle steady. My hands shook in excitement. I don't think I ever wanted anything as badly as I wanted Marco's ass at that moment. 

I first lubed up Marco's ass, repeating the routine that he had used on me. Then I lubed up my throbbing cock. I was so turned on that I nearly blew my load right in my own hand. Breath, I told myself, breath. Marco got up on his hands and knees, sticking his bubble butt in the air. 

"Take me like a bitch, Nicky," he said. His puckered pink hole stood at the ready, all lubed up, just waiting to envelop my cock. 

I didn't object to the position...I wanted to watch his flawless ass as I fucked it. I knelt behind Marco, putting the tip of my cock to his hole. Holding onto his hips, I exerted a little bit of pleasure, and then, just like that, I slipped into his tight hole. We both moaned at once as my dick sank in, and I nearly came immediately as I entered a man's ass for the first time. I regained my composure once more, and began fucking him slowly, getting used to the oh-so-pleasurable feeling of his ass sheathing my cock. 

"Your butt feels so good," I said—or rather slurred. I felt drunk as I fucked him faster and faster, all the while struggling not to blow my load. But once I felt adjusted, I was confident enough to start really fucking him. Marco whimpered in a combination of pain and pleasure, backing up into my cock, trying to get even more of my meat in his ass. 

"Oh fuck your dick feels so good. Fuck me hard baby, I want you to fuck me REALLY hard!"

He didn't need to be asked twice. I grabbed Marco's hips, pulling back my cock so that only the tip remained inside—then thrusted back into him as hard as I could. A sharp moan of pleasure escaped his lips. 

"YES! Keep doing that, keep fucking me!"

I gladly obliged his request. I went back to fucking him slow, reestablishing a rhythm, slamming into his rear deeper and faster with each thrust. With Marco moaning his encouragement, I started pounding him hard. Our ball sacks knocked together as I took him. The sight of his rippling ass cheeks as my hips smashed into his perfect bubble butt was surreal. I slammed this boy like no girl I had ever fucked, with his tight, slippery asshole gripping my cock in a warm embrace. Just hours before he had busted my cherry, but I loved that he could take it as good as he could give it. 

"OH NICKY, BABY, FUCK ME, FUCKING CUM IN THAT ASS!" he yelled. 

Indeed, my nuts were already swelling. As my pent-up orgasm built in my balls, I pounded Marco's booty as hard as I could. I grit my teeth, grabbing onto his muscled shoulder for leverage. With my other hand I seized his long brown hair, yanking his head back while seven inches of man meat propelled into his rear end. I lost myself in the feeling of his hot butt, Marco moaning like a girl as I tore his big curvy ass apart. 

Then my dick exploded, the sweet release of orgasm overtaking every fiber of my body. I dug my fingers into Marco's muscled butt as I shot my load inside of him, yelling at the top of my lungs in a frenzy. The sensation was better than any high I ever experienced. I continued to pump as I screamed in pleasure.

"OH FUCK, ARGHHH!!"

I was still hard even after the orgasm had subsided, pumping the last few drops of cum into the boy's bubble butt. Totally spent, I collapsed onto the bed beside a panting Marco, his ass still in the air. 

"Fuck Marco," I breathed, "fuck baby, your ass..." All I could picture was his bubble butt rippling against my hard stomach. 

"That was so hot," he said. "You were so great for your first time. I want your dick again already."

"Are you ready for seconds?" I asked, waving my dick in his face. I was still rock solid. 

Marco climbed on top of me, his abs and pecs tightening as he steadied himself. 

"Ready when you are," he said, kissing my lips as he lowered himself back onto me.