 Hey Guys,

So I'm writing this story because of my newfound love for chub bellies. Shout out to EightByte on Tumblr, because he is the inspiration for the first-person character. There won't be any pregnant people, at least not this chapter, because I want to do Bryce some justice. 

The Illuminaughty

---------------------------------------------------

We met in a bar. I was hugely muscular, to gigantic and almost freaky proportions, he was a little twink. His name was Andre. Olive skin, brown eyes, brown hair. I remember walking up to the bar and seating myself next to him. It was the city's most popular gay bbar, though it didn't have all that much contest. Neither of us were bears aesthetically, largely without body hair. His ass was beauteous, his body was small. 

"Hi. So, is this the cute guy side of the bar, or is it just a coincidence that you're over here?" I said to him. It seemed cheesy, but it worked. He laughed, introducing himself as Andre.

"Hi, I'm Bryce. Andre, can I buy you a drink?" I said.

"Nice to meet you, Bryce. And yes, you can. Sam Adams Light."

"Ah, the boy has taste! Bartender, a Bud and an Adams Light, if you please." I said, sitting down on the bar stool. We made chit chat until our drinks came a minute or two later. Andre looked at my Budweiser and said to me,

"You know, I heard Budweiser is the beer that makes the roundest beer guts." He was looking at my muscles, most people did. But it was also true that I didn't want them, not that much. I decided to take a risk and make a subtle reveal.

"Yeah, that's kind of the point." I said, taking a big swig of the beer. "Though it doesn't appear to be working that well on me." My shirt was bursting with muscles.

"True that..." He snapped back from my abs, saying, "So, you're a bear then?" I nodded, then rebutted.

"Well, not exactly, my complete lack of body hair kind of omits me from the real Bear category. What about you, do you apply the 'Twink' label to yourself?"

"Haha. I suppose I fit there, but I don't want to have to. I want to be big and muscular like you, but my laziness won't allow me. I'm only this thin because of the magics of dieting."

"You used to be fat?" I said. I tried to imagine him a little chub, my cock almost burst out of my pants just thinking about it. This guy seemed smart, kind, a warm sort of person. I practically swooned when his small frame shook a little when he chuckled.

"Yeah. 350 pounds of fat and only 5'7". Before I started dieting and I lost 210 pounds, I hadn't seen my dick outside the mirror since I learned that that was what it was called." he said. I thought about that prospect, and my cock got harder, even.

"Wow, that's a pretty awesome story. I wish I weighed that much, I'm 5'9" and 180 pounds of pure muscle."

"You know how amazing that is, right? You must be like 5% body fat."

"4. My doctors claim it's kind of unhealthy, that if I starve my body will start eating away at muscle tissue, which could be bad."

"Huh. That sucks. I see you've pretty much sucked down that Bud, do you want to get out of here? I've got a place just a short car ride away."

"I thought you'd never ask, Andre." I laughed. This is the story of how I ended up in the back of Andre's S65, as he kissed me passionately and ran his hands up my shirt as we were driven back to his apartment by his chauffeur. 

----------------------------------------------

Andre's Apartment, 25 minutes later

Andre pushed me up against the wall, we were both completely naked. He kissed me passionately.

"Do you mind if I fuck you? My cock is just so hard, your muscles make me so horny..." He said, grabbing my ass and kneading the cheeks in his hands.

"Of course." I smiled, kissing him. Andre pulled me into the bedroom. He lay down on the bed and I straddled my legs across his, kissing down his body and pulling back until I finally licked up his soft shaft. As it hardened I realized how big it was, his cock must have accounted for 3 to 5 pounds of his weight in total. I started sucking, the enormous shaft too wide at the base, though I couldn't be sure, for it was too long for me to get close. 

"Fuck, that feels good.... keep going, your lips... they feel so soft on my cock...." Andre moaned. He pressed down on the back of my head lightly, revitalizing my determination. I sucked and sucked, his member deep in my throat. I licked his cock with my tongue, his moans were audible as I soaked his cock in my saliva. He stopped me and said,

"Bryce, let me fuck your ass before I cum in your mouth! Your cheeks are so beautiful....." he said. I was slightly dreading this moment.

"I want you inside of me, but be careful, I've never taken anything as big as that before....."

I lay on the bed with my ass up in the air, holding on to a pillow to soften the blow. Andre positioned himself behind me, teasing my asshole. I moaned as he did it, feeling his hands on my ass cheeks, massaging them.

"Please, just put it in, my ass wants you so bad......" I said. He smiled and started pushing. I squealed in pain for a second before moaning with pleasure, his cock planting itself into my ass. Andre started moving inside me.

"You're so hot..... And so tight....." he said.

"I'm not really, really tight, you're just huge." I say, feeling his cock pumping in and out of me. My own 8 inch girth was rock hard.

"Maybe, but you're still beautiful..." he said.

"Thank you, you're really cute -oh- too....." I say, breaking into a moan. His groans get louder as he moves faster. I moan loudly, loving the feeling of his cock in my ass. I've practically ripped apart the pillow in my hands.

"Fuck, it's so big...." I said. 

"God damn, you're good." Andre said. "Bryce, how often do you do this?" 

"You're only my second partner, to be honest...... and way bigger than my last..........." I heard his moans get higher and louder. He was going to cum, and I tried not to show it as I came closer too.

"I... uh... I'm gonna cum......" Andre said.

"I'm gonna cum too, Andre... your cock is so warm inside...." I moaned. We both spurted at the same time, I felt my ass clench around his girth as he came inside me, my spunk landing just under my chin on the bed.

"That's one of the most powerful ones I've ever had......" I said. Andre smiled and kissed me.

----------------------------------------------

In closing!

So this was chapter one. I plan on writing more! 