 Tenting my speedo has always been a common occurrence for me. My real name is Nathan but some of my polo mates call me "Boner boy". I don't find this annoying, as it is really accurate, but the thing is, I'm not the only one on the team that grows a lot of boners. For instance, Brian, one of the most buff and tallest guys you're gonna see on a college polo team, hell one of the most buff and tallest guys you'll ever see. His neck is starting to get absorbed by his chest and traps and he's almost got an eight pack. Anyway, he gets some of the most monstrous boners you'll ever see. Not to mention, Bradley, short, stocky, big chested, jacked guy who also has a manly beard. If I had to guess he's close to ten inches when he's hard. When he plumps up a boner it's always a fight to fit all in his speedo. It grows well beyond his hip which is where he pushes it. More to the point, I do get them most frequently out of the players, but this doesn't bother me. It just means I'm a healthy boy. Also, one more thing to mention is you can usually catch us casually and probably subconsciously rubbing our bulges whether they're soft or hard. 

Another common phenomenon with this team is the fact you can catch serval of the guys masturbating in the showers before and or after practices and games. Like just last week I caught, Blake, a tall lean long blonde-haired guy jerking in the corner of the showers while we all were showering! See even though we don't like talking about it directly and almost never do, we all know that our polo team is excessively horny for. It's an unwritten rule for when someone is "doing their business" to just let them do their thing and not necessarily look away (Believe me a lot us get off to one another secretly) but try not to mind what they're doing. What doesn't help is that it's not only incredibly easy to get a hard-on in speedos due to the tight fitting smooth lyra that barely covers you and that it's tight around your dick and your butt but also the fact you can just untie the drawstring release your boner and start jerking or pop it out a leg hole but by far the most popular method of masturbating is you just rub one out in your speedo. This one is the most popular because you can hide it and most of your cream is absorbed by your speedo unless you're like Allen. 

He's short kind of like me but he's super jacked and all around nice to look at. I remember one time he tried to bust a nut while he was waiting his turn sitting on the bleacher. He was being very careful about it. Caressing himself through the fabric never making a huge scene. I think I remember him saying later that practice he didn't have to time to jerk his morning wood, so he still had it when he got morning practice. Anyway he was slowly edging himself to cum but right when he bust, a huge load oozed through the fabric and at first he was very pleased with himself, he had just released hours of pent up pressure but soon he was terrified that the whole front of his speedo was covered in cum. Lucky him he was called to get in the pool and quickly dove in washing away his juice. Allen set a precedent to the other guys who thought about doing the same but never could pluck up the courage to do so. Therefore because of that, it's common for us to "go to the bathroom" when in reality we jerk it in the stalks or benches or shower area. 

Now Allen was ballsy (pun intended) but it was nothing compared to what I did once. Now, I'm usually a goalie due my thicker muscles and extra fluff I've got. Now don't get me wrong I'm not fat just a bit stockier that's not helped because I'm short. Also, for the record I do have a bit of a baby face very "cheeky" that isn't help by my long golden-brown hair and toothy smile I have. A point of pride I do have is my big tush. It's round and plump and displayed very nicely by a speedo. Anyway, I was right in front of the goal and the other team called time. Like Allen, I woke up a bit late and couldn't release my morning load, so I was walking around in my speedo with a big boner. I adjusted it so it was push against my hip but anyone with eyeballs could clearly see I was sporting a massive chubby. During this time, I couldn't stop thinking about my hard-on. It needed my attention my thoughts wandered to the cute and hot boys on my team. The fact that all these cute and hot boys were A. ninety five percent naked anyway and B. also rubbing and playing with their own dicks. That added to my horniness. So, during this time out. I got an idea what if I used the cover of the water and just busted right now? The risqué and mischievousness feel of it all just added to my horniness. The choppiness of the water was gonna be enough cover I thought. I untied the drawstring to my speedo and released my rock- hard boner. I grabbed it with one hand and steadied myself on the edge of the pool with my other. I took one last look around and thought screw it. I slowly started jerking off, but I was picking up speed. My face must have looked awkward and the quick sharp breaths I was taking to hold in the moans must made me look like a weirdo if anyone was watching. My thoughts went to the muscle-bound Brian and adorable Blake clad in other their speedos. My boner was extra swollen and really sensitive. I lost track of time during all this. Then All at once the tension was released. I busted my load right in that water. Ropes of cum shot out my dick and floated in front of me creating a white cloud. If anyone was watching they would have seen an extremely pressured and stressed looking face with my eyes closed to an extremely pleased and satisfied face. Let's just hope nobody saw. Well, somebody did see, and it was my good friend Troy.

"Dude, did you just bust a nut right now?" he said. I got a big mischievous toothy grin.

"Hehe, ya I did, and it felt great," I said.

"Look, everyone on this team knows we're the horniness guys on the planet but you gotta be careful man," David said.

"I was being careful," I said.

"Um, the cloud of floating sperm in front of you says otherwise," he said.

"Whoops," I said as I splashed away the cloudiness.

"I would say that's gross but I ever since I've joined this team, I've seen so many guys cum and have done it myself I'm pretty used to it by now," Troy said. The whistle blew and we got back to playing. For me all this is a dream come true. An entire swim team with a variety of hot and cute boys that only wore tight speedos but in practice the excessive horniness was not good for our performance nor the team as whole. We are all actually really awkward with each other. It's difficult to talk one of the guys when he's hard as rock not to mention actually playing the game when all your thinking about is the intense tension trapped in that lyra prison. 

One day I had enough. We lost big time to a rival team and the coach came up with some reasons as to why, but I really know what happened. It was a particularly horny day for us. None of us were soft and that was very distracting to the point where our performance really suffered. A couple of our great players had to take quick "bathroom breaks" at the worst times. After that crushing defeat. I marched to the showers where everyone was quietly sulking but still hard and horny as ever. I saw Drew a tall blonde with a thinner build trying to relieve himself in the corner and James a baby faced tall, strong but thicker boy casually rubbing his crotch. 

"Everyone listens up!" I yelled "This has gone too far. Clearly, we are a group of young guys that are turned on by the slightest breeze," I continued.

"Dude, you think we haven't noticed that," Dean said, A tall buff dude with shortish black hair and chiseled face. I'd put him as a close number two to Brian in terms of muscle.

"We can't help it. I've tried to hold for the game but that just makes me hornier and these tight speedos don't help man," said Dom. He was a cute, short but jacked guy with a slight padding of fat. He also had a big ass comparable to mine and I really liked his big smiles. Then Troy from earlier a tall but bulky guy that was the joker and always teased his feelings for other guys stepped in and said.

"Nathan, you're my best friend and I know you mean well but there really isn't anything we can do it's just who we are,"

There was a collective agreement in form of "ya's" and nods.

"Well, I do think there is something we could do," I said.

"And what would that be?" Said Mikey a well-built guy that also the had the most beautiful of orangey red hair, adorable freckles and tan skin. 

"I say before home games and practices we'll arrange the bench's in a circle in the shower area and we all jack off together," I said.

There were a lot of wide eyes and shock amongst the team.

"Um I donna know bro, it's hard for me to cum when others are looking," Jaydon said a kinda country boy with long curly bleach blonde hair and a cute soft but strong bodied he was taller than me but that's not saying much.

"What if we get caught. The amount of trouble we would get in. I can't even image," said Jack a short and short blonde-haired thinner guy that also was usually not concerned with getting caught when he breaks rules. 

"I think this would great we would release all that sexual tension together as team we would all feel better and this would be the best form of team bonding imageable," I said.

"I say we put it to a vote," said Brian. He stood next to me. Man, did I love looking at those gigantic muscles. I was excited to see he was on board with this because he was one of the best players and if he says yes then I'm sure others will agree with him. He raised his hand and said 

"I vote yes," then Troy got a funny kinda smile and walked next to me putting his arm around me.

"You know Nathan, you're my best friend in the whole wide world and I think the only thing we haven't done together is bust with each other. I think this would be an honor. I vote yes,". Then Drew and Dean joined us, and Dean said,

"This sounds so gay, but you know it also sounds really awesome,". Blake walked over and didn't say anything, but he had his signature mischievous grin spread across his face. I knew he secretly would love this. James was the next to walk up to us.

"Well, let's just hope we don't get caught but not only am I super horny all the time, but I have a confession while we're at it. I think you guys are some of the most beautiful guys I've met in my life and that adds to my sexual frustration I know it's gonna feel great to get it out my system," James said.

"You're alright man, I agree with you on that," I said to him. Bradley, the one who was rumored to have the longest and girthiest dick stepped up and said.

"I have to admit, I'm about to break the twelve inches mark when I'm hard not to mention that I'm growing girthier too and one day I'm scared I'm gonna rip my speedo clean off in the middle of a game or practice. I need to do something about it before that happens." 

"Dude, what the fuck. Twelve inches!?" David said as he too walked into our group.

"Ya, it's awesome until I have to fit it in a speedo, and it doesn't help that I gotta big butt too," Bradley said. David high fived him and said.

"That's awesome man no shame in that,". There were only six guys who were seemly on the fence about it. 

"C'mon guys we gotta do this together or it's not gonna work," I said. Allen then walked over.

"Honestly after I creamed my speedo during a game and almost got caught, I think I need this more than anyone,"

"Ha, Allen don't feel bad. I shot a load in the pool last week," I said.

"Of course, you did, boner boy," Allen said. 

"Jack, you in man? I know you joined the team this year and this all very sudden for you, but I know you're just as horny as the next guy," I said.

"Ya, who am kidding I need this too," He walked over to us. There was only Dom, Mikey, Jaydon, Max and Ashton. 

"Max, Ashton, you guys haven't said much but I see from the tents you're pitching you have the same issue we all have," I said. Max was a shy guy, short curly black-haired baby faced and soft body but adorable and great swimmer. 

"I've been really self-conscious about my boners. I think everyone is staring at it. So, you know if you think this is gonna help that I should take this offer. Here, look." Max said as he opened his speedo and not only released his chubby but revealed all the cum stains he accumulated over time.

"Damn dude that's rough," James said. Max walked over quietly.

"Ashton?" I said.

"You know what, if anyone else had this idea I've would said hell no but because it's you Nathan and I'll be doing it with you guys and you're my bros I think I'll have a lot fun with this," Ashton said. Dom walked over solemnly and put his hand on David's shoulders and said

"If I'm doing this then I'm sitting next to you got it?"

"Sure, thing man," David said.

"Mikey, Jaydon what da ya say?" I said. Jaydon took a deep breath and turned to Mikey. Jaydon put his hands on Mikey's big shoulders and looked him in the eyes. Mikey looked shocked but didn't resist.

"Mikey, I can't take this anymore. Mikey, I'm always hard because I can't stop looking at you and when you're not around I can't stop thinking about you," Jaydon said. I saw his boner was throbbing. 

"Jaydon, why didn't you tell me sooner?" Mikey said.

"Because I was too afraid that you'd say no," Jaydon said. Mikey's smile contrasted with Jaydon who looked like he was gonna cry. Mikey gently grabbed Jaydon's wrists and slowly pushed them too his love handles where Jaydon hands fit perfectly. Then Mikey pulled him close then lovely embraced Jaydon. Mikey's chin fit perfectly on Jaydon shoulder. A collective Aww came from the crowd. They separated but were still holding hands. Now both their hard bulges were throbbing now. 

"I've loved you since the 6th grade," Jaydon said.

"Damn dude, is that why wanted to go to college with me and were so insistent we share a dorm?" Mikey said while grinning.

"Yes...," Jaydon said.

"No shame in that, man. Truth be told I was waiting for you to ask," Mikey said. They went back to hugging. There hard bulges were squished together. Some of us started applauding. 

"We're in," Said Mikey

"Awesome, that makes everyone! Here's the deal, tomorrow morning we have practice I know you all cum the minute you get out of bed but tomorrow I want you all to save your boners and I know we usually wear our personal speedos for practice but this time I want you guys to wear your team speedos and I encourage you to wear your headgear during the circle jerk. It'll add to the whole team bonding aspect of this," I said to everyone. All the guys started for the lockers and began preparing to leave. All except Mikey and Jaydon.

"You guys coming?" I asked.

"Ya, we're coming," Mikey said. "Jaydon, you want to sleep in the same bed tonight?" He continued.

"I'd like that very much," Jaydon said.

"Of course, you would," said Mikey. 

That next morning, I awoke to a massive swollen boner and there was a small dime sized cum spot on my speedo. I forgot to mention I sleep in speedos too and I wouldn't be surprised if at least a few of the other guys do too. The urge to jack off was intense but I needed to save it. I wondered how Jaydon and Mikey go on last night. Well, I guess I'll find out. I changed out of my plain black speedo and into my team one, slipped on some shorts and t-shirt and was out the door. I was excited that we were going to do this. Like James, I too think all of the guys on my team are very beautiful. It will be really interesting to see who sits next to who. I want to sit next to Troy. He's my best friend and has been for as long as I can remember also, he wasn't kidding when he said jerking together was the only thing we haven't done. I've walked in on him masturbating dozens of times and I've seen his dick soft and hard just as much but I after today our friendship will be on a new level.

When I got to the locker room there were already some of the other guys waiting. Blake, Allen and Bradley were arranging the benches in the shower room. Blake opted to wear his headgear. I always did think he looked cute in it.

"Morning Nathen," Said Bradley. I saw his raging foot long straining the front of his speedo.

"Morning bro, I can tell you're excited," I said. He turned around with an embarrassed smile.

"I've had this all night can't wait to bust a nut," He said. Just then Brian walked in and instantly started stripping down to his speedo revealing his long tent. 

"Sup Nathan," He said.

'Hey, Brian, looking good today," I said. He put his head gear on.

"Hey, bud, I gotta ask you who are you sitting by?" Brian asked.

"I want Troy to be on my right, but my left is open," I said.

"You think you want to sit by me?" He asked.

"Really? That's cool," I said calmly trying to contain my excitement. I was enamored that the Brian, a hot muscle giant, wanted to jerk next to me. Dean, David and Ashton walked in. Well, I heard Ashton coming he was the loudest in this group. They were wearing their speedos as underwear. It's a pretty common thing especially if you have morning practice. Dean was stretching. I noticed his hard-on was up and proud. All three went over to the benches. Everyone was at the benches rubbing their boners through their speedos. 

"Hey guys, easy now save for when everyone is here," I said.

"Don't worry we're just warming up," Brian said from the shower area. Jack and James walked in together they are talking about unrelated stuff but got when got in the door. They changed into their speedos and joined the rest of the guys. Mikey and Jaydon came in holding hands.

"Aww, look at you too you're adorable," I said. Jaydon kissed Mikey round cheek.

"We hung out in our speedos all night. We played videos games, laid together watch YouTube and what da ya know Jaydon loves to cuddle," Mikey said. Jaydon blushed.

"Mikey C'mon," Jaydon said. They took off their clothes and Mikey strapped on his head gear.

"We both woke up our hard-ons pressed together and believe me, Jaydon wanted to burst right then and then," Mikey said. They both joined the rest of the guys. Dom walked in alone he was something on his phone. He looked up and smiled.

"Is David here yet?" He asked.

"I bet he's waiting for you." I said.

"Awesome," was all he said and stripped down his speedo and joined the other guys. Troy walked in with a huge smile. He didn't say a word, but he got down his speedo really quick.

"C'mere bro," was all said before jumping at me hugging tight and his hand traveled to my butt and his squeezed and I hugged him back feeling my dick throb harder.

"Can't wait man," he said in my ear his hard-on was pressed against mine. "I'll be waiting," he continued. He let go on me.

"Brian is gonna be on my left so leave a spot next to him for me," I said.

"Sure, thing man," He messed my hair before heading for the shower room. Max and Drew walked in together both looked wide eyed and nervous.

"If it weren't for your twos hard-ons," I'd say you're nervous.

"I am," said Drew.

"Me too a little," Max said.

"You'll be fine everyone else is here waiting for you," I said. They changed into their speedos and Max put his headgear on. They joined the rest of the guys. Now it was my turn. I stripped down to my speedo and began rubbing my boner. I walked into the to shower and saw everyone staring at each other while stroking their dicks. 

"I can see you are warming right up to each other," I said. "You guys all look adorable in your matching speedos," I continued. The team speedos were green and blue striped in the front and the back was all black with a green and blue Manta ray as it was our school mascot. They all just looked cute.
