 His huge, black cock was bigger than my face. It was about 11 inches long and 7 inches thick. It was going to be difficult just to get in my mouth but Daddy (as he liked to be called) was expecting me to take it all the way. My lips were going to have to go to the base before he'd pay me that extra $5,000. No help. No woman had ever managed to deepthroat his massive cock so maybe a sissy bimbo could do it?

His name was Alonso Leone. He was rich, worth a few million. He used to be married but nowadays he's a bachelor. I guess even a bachelor needs relief sometimes.

"You think you're up to the challenge?" he asked as I stood on my knees, comparing his cock to my arm.

"Absolutely, Daddy! I've been training. I want to choke on your dick!"

I started licking the head then down the shaft to the balls which I sucked on. So many of my clients complained that women always ignored the balls. I loved them! They were full of hot cum begging to be released. And for my extra work, I always got a delicious reward.

I ran my tongue along the sides of his member. I licked under the head, one of the most sensitive parts of a man's penis, and his cock thanked me with some precum. I ran my lips along the head, letting his precum gloss my lips. I loved to worship a cock!

I kissed the tip and start sucking the first few inches. I looked like Angelina Jolie because of all the suction I was using on his cock. I was like s cock vacuum. As I sucked, I let my tongue dance across the head. This always drove a man crazy and Daddy started moving twitching and jerking as my mouth took him to oral heaven.

I put my collagen-filled lips (my cock cushions as I called them) on the tip of his cock then let his cock push through to my mouth. He was causing my mouth to stretch to accommodate his size. I never had my mouth stretch because of a man's size.

I got as far as I could before realizing I had 4 more inches left. I couldn't possibly take any more dick. I had a plan, though. I eased him out of my throat and told him my dilemma.

"Shit! Maybe some day I could get deepthroated."

"Um, who said I was finished? I'm going to deepthroat this cock if it's the last thing I'll do."

I told him to push my head when I got far enough on his cock. Just shove until I touch the base. "But you forfeit the money?"

"I didn't become a whore for the money. I did it for my love of cock."

I took the plunge but stopped at 7 inches again. I felt his strong hands on the back of my head and I started taking more of his cock in my tight pussy of a throat. Soon, my lips felt his pubic hair then his base. I did it! I deepthroated this enormous cock!

I took it out of my throat and began sucking and pleasuring it. I loved this cock. I wanted to be this cock's servant. I would sell everything I had to be Daddy's cockslave. How did I survive until today not sucking this cock? How could I possibly go back?

My own cock shot out a thick load. I came just from pleasing this amazing cock. But my cum wasn't enough. I need to taste, to swallow this man's cum. I wouldn't dare waste a single drop of this Adonis' nectar.

I felt his cock tense up. That sweet river of honey and milk filled my mouth and I swallowed like a man lost in a desert in need of water. Soon, it subsided and I cleaned his cock with my mouth. Then, I got a towel and dried it off.

Before he could thank me, I begged him, "Please let me be your cockservant. I'll clean your house, cook your food, just please let me serve your cock. I'm in love with it."

"That was the best head I've ever got. I was about to ask you if you'll be my cockservant. You start tomorrow. I'll pay you $7500 a month."

Later that night, I masturbated multiple times. Every time I came, I was still horny. That cock made me its slave. That's how I became Alonso Leone's personal whore and I've loved every single minute of it.