 I'm spent and covered in spunk in the afternoon shade. This is not my norm. This is so very far away from my norm I may need to book a flight just to get back to it. This was the very last thing I had expected when my friends, Carlo and Jay had invited me over to swim in their pool and celebrate some holiday.

When I asked about the holiday, they were vague. "It's one of our holidays. Just show up in your swimsuit and have fun." Jay told me in his accented English. "I promise you'll have a good time." The mystery behind his words should have alarmed me, but the idea of seeing my sexy Asian friends in their skimpy suits banished all hesitation.

I had the hugest crush on both of them. They had been together some ten years, transforming their yard into a jungle oasis complete with tropical trees and high fence so they could strut around in the morning sun without gawkers. They had told me long ago they were nudist. When they had me over, though, they would cover themselves.

"We want you to be comfortable." Carlo told me on more than one occasion. He was stocky and hard with muscle. His skin was a deep coffee brown, decorated with an anchor on his right bicep from his time in the Navy. "Maybe one day you'll join us and enjoy the sun in the buff." He would always finish that sentence with a wink that stirred my loins.

Carlo was born in the States, to Filipino parents. When he was old enough, he joined the Navy. I was amazed when he showed me the pictures of him heading off to boot camp. He was skinny with maybe a twenty six inch waist. Now he was huge, a compact pit bull of muscles. His jet black hair was always military short. He only stood about five foot five, but I wouldn't mess with him. Well, I would in bed, but he was off limits. He was Jays.

Jay, his husband, was a smooth olive brown from Malaysia. He had thick luxurious hair that he kept cut in a cute bob style cut. Whereas Carlo was all muscle, Jay was lithe and thin. He had a barely a millimeter of fat on him with his long runner's body. He stood about an inch taller than Carlo, and was just as hairless.

They called me their token white friend, inviting me over to all their parties and holidays to celebrate with them. I towered over them at five eight, but not much. My skin was a nice sun kissed brown from all the time I spent with them at their pool. I wasn't as built or skinny as them, but I was okay. I was no gym bunny but I wasn't a couch potato either.

I had a patch of black chest hair that they loved to rub their hands through whenever they could, other than that I was speckled with hair. My mousy brown hair I kept short, just long enough to style it the way that I wanted. I was the typical preppy frat boy type that couldn't make it in the Greek system.

I'm shy, reserved. Quite the opposite of my Asian friends. They hated clothes. The first time I came over to enjoy the pool with them they put on clothes for my sake, but they weren't much in the way of clothes. Jay was wearing a thong that parted his perfect cheeks right up the middle. Carlo was wearing these swim briefs that hugged his body. Not much was left to the imagination in either one. I could tell that both of them were packing some serious man meat in them.

I got used to seeing them in so little, in fact I loved it. I had to jump in the pool on more than one occassion to hide the hard on from admiring their bodies and wondering what it would be like to taste them on my lips. I, of course, would never act upon those lustful desires. They were together and happy. I wasn't about to ruin it.

I arrived at noon, as always. Jay let me in and we headed out back. He was wearing a sarong, but I knew some sort of thong was underneath. Those seemed to be his favorite when I was there. In the back, Carlo was sitting on the patio, also in a sarong. He had a quirky grin on his face when I saw him.

"Hey, Nathan." He stood and hugged me. "Thank you so much for coming and celebrating today with us." I looked around for some sort of hint of the holiday, but saw none. Everything was just as it normally was. "Today isn't like an official cultural holiday for either of us." He answered my unspoken question. "It's more for our nudist lifestyle."

I felt uneasy. They had been slowly trying to get me to become more comfortable with my body, but I fought them tooth and nail at every attempt. I looked at Jay who pursed his lips with delight. "It's Naked Day!" With that announcement they both pulled their wraps loose revealing them in all their glory.

"I, uh." I stuttered, unable to keep my eyes from their very thick and long dangling cocks. "Um, guys, you're like naked." I stated the obvious. "Do you expect me to get naked too?" I tried to look them in the eyes, but their cocks kept my attention. "I don't think I, um can." I took a deep breath. "I think I should go."

"No." Jay said in his melodic tone. He came up to me, putting an arm around me to keep me from fleeing. "You should stay here with us, and help us celebrate." He gave me these puppy dog eyes that he knew would get to me. "Come on, get naked with us and celebrate. You don't want to ruin the holiday for us, do you?"

I sighed, relenting to the pressure. I didn't want to ruin the holiday. Besides they had a tall fence that you needed a ladder to scale to see over, and then all you would see was the make shift jungle they had. "Okay, I'll stay." Jay let out a squeal of delight. "I'm not getting naked though. You guys can, but I'm just not comfortable."

"Too late." Carlo laughed. Jay had taken advantage of my distraction to loosen my swim trunks and they slipped down my legs, pooling at my ankles, revealing my flaccid six inch cock. I flushed red with embarrassment. "Now we've all seen each other naked, and we can now go enjoy the pool naked, like we like to." There was a smugness to his words.

"Let me put sunscreen on you so you don't burn." Jay tugged up at my shirt. "You burn so easily with your white skin." I stepped back almost falling from the tangle of my shorts at my feet. I had no choice but to step out of them or risk falling. "Nathan." I heard Jay pout. "Come on, I want to go enjoy the pool quit playing around."

Carlo was right. It was all out in the open now, so there was no point in hiding anything more. "That was not fair." I told Jay before pulling off my shirt. "You guys should have told me you were going to be um, naked." My eyes appreciated his finely toned body. "And you, Carlo..." I stopped mid-sentence. He was idly scratching at his balls, sending his cock flopping about. "Stop that."

He just grinned at me. "We knew you'd want to celebrate with us." Jay brought his attention back to him. He had his hand on my chest, rubbing sunscreen into my skin in slow circles. "You just needed a push." I tried not to groan when his hand ran over my nipple. "Let's make sure you don't get burned.

I just stood there, letting Jay run his hand over my body. He moved along my chest, down my arms then my belly. He slipped behind me to get my back. "You have a nice furry butt." I heard him say then his hands were on it. He squeezed my cheeks playfully while he covered the white skin in sunscreen. I took in a deep breath as he moved down my legs. "Almost done."

I wasn't sure what he meant, I was coated from head to toe in sunscreen. He moved back around in front of me, a smirk on his cherub face. Then his hand was on my dick, stroking me with the sunscreen. "Jay!" I yelled jumping back from the pleasant feeling of his hand on my private area.

"You don't want a burnt dick." He said in false innocence. "Trust me. Carlo burnt his dick one time, I couldn't even give him a blow job." I looked over at Carlo was playing with his cock. "Carlo, stop that. I swear, he does that all the time when he's naked. You just have to get used to it. Come on, let's go lay out in the sun."

Jay took my hand and pulled me out by the pool. I opted to lay face down, preferring not to worry about my cock burning. Jay took the chair to my right, Carlo to my left. It took some time but I gradually became comfortable being naked with them. I even rolled over and let the sun hit my cock. I found it oddly freeing, just laying out naked with them.

"I'm going for a dip." Carlo announced before getting up and standing by the pool edge, his brown muscled ass in front of me. "Come on, guys, we can play a game or something." I watched him slice into the water with ease, swimming to one side of the pool then back to us. "Come on in, the water is perfect."

I looked over at Jay and shrugged. I got up and jumped in the pool, letting the water cool my sun baked skin. I came up for air at the far end of the pool. Jay had jumped down into his lover's arms and they were holding each other, sneaking a quick kiss before Jay dunked himself and came back up whipping his wet hair about.

I swam over to them, keeping just my head above the water. "I know I should be mad at you for tricking me, but I am really enjoying being naked." It was true I was. I had always hid my body behind clothes, and sex was always at least dimly lit or dark. "Thank you guys for taking me out of my comfort zone."

Carlo and Jay pulled me into a group hug, our floating dangling bits brushing against one another. I felt the surge of desire in me. I tried to pull away, but Carlo was a strong man and held me, pulling me back to him. My back was to his chest, my ass sitting on his aroused member. Jay slipped around, moving in between my legs, inches from my face.

"We like you a lot, Nathan." Carlo began sucking on my neck. I closed my eyes, enjoying the feel of his mouth on me. Then Jay had his hand on my cock, stroking me under the water. I was about to protest but his mouth cut off any words when his tongue slipped into my mouth. Carlo relaxed his grip on me, letting his hand move up to play with nipples.

This wasn't me. This wasn't happening. This was some porn fantasy. I would wake any minute now with a hard on that I'd have to will down before I took a piss. It felt so real though. It couldn't be real. I had to know. I reached out and pulled Jay closer to me. He straddled my lap. He broke the kiss to share a kiss with Carlo, letting me kiss along his neck and feel his body. It was real. This was happening.

Carlo was under me, his cock sliding up and down my crack. "Damn." I moaned. They had both found spots on my neck to tease, sending my head this way and that. "We shouldn't be doing this." Jay took my hand from his ass to feel his long hard dick that was pressed into my stomach. "Fuck shouldn't."

Jay floated away, pulling me by the hand. Carlo latched onto my hips. He kept slowing us down so he could gently bite and suck at my skin every few steps. "Stop that." Jay lightly reprimanded him, intent on getting us to our destination. Carlo made a sound of annoyance, but obliged as Jay led us to the shaded sun bed.

I was laid between them. They alternated in kissing me and playing with my nipple. Carlo was insistent yet passionate in his kisses. Jay was soft but lustful. My hands were under them, trapped by their bodies, only allowing me to be the willing subject of their desire. I latched onto their ass, squeezing the firm melons as I held them close.

Carlo was firm with just enough give, Jay's was baby soft but hard as a rock. Their leaking cocks were rubbing against my legs, leaving trails of wet spots. I wanted nothing more than to be down there, lapping up the goodness, but every attempt to move was met with playful resistance.

Carlo's hand found its way down between my legs, Jay's to my hard cock. My legs spread willingly for Carlo, letting him pet my hole with his thick finger. "Thank you for letting us celebrate like this." Carlo said into my ear before nibbling the lobe. I let out a grunt when I felt him try to press into me with his finger. "You're so tight."

Carlo shifted, freeing my arm and I was able to roll on top of Jay, my thicker body covering his. I was able to finally actively participate and enjoy the two Asian beauties I had silently lusted over. I explored the curve of Jay's neck, the soft brown nipples that decorated his chest. I kissed my way down his hard flat stomach, all the while Carlo watching, casually stroking his thick veiny cock.

I looked up at Jay, holding his seven inch raging beast in my hand. Carlo was sucking on is nipple, his tongue slowly teasing the nub with light flutters of his tongue. I ran my tongue over his head, then down his shaft to his balls. I felt him jump when I gently took one then the other into my mouth for delicate worship.

I heard jay whimper something in his native tongue. I took it as a good sign and licked back up to the tip of his cock. I sucked just on the head, enjoying the feel of him in my mouth. I took my time going down on him, letting my tongue feel every inch of him till I he was all the way in, buried deep in my throat and my nose rested in his trimmed nest of pubes.

I was so involved in Jay, that I had not noticed Carlo had moved behind me. It wasn't till I felt his wet kiss on my pucker that I knew he was back there. He flicked and teased me from behind while I took his man balls deep into my throat. I felt the quick gentle thrash of his tongue behind me. I felt so hedonistic, out here in the open with a dick in my mouth and a tongue in my ass.

Jay's hand ran through my drying hair, cooing something too soft for me to hear. Then, without any warning, I was flipped, pulling Jay's cock from my mouth. Jay moved to straddle my face, lowering that perfect cute brown Asian booty down on my mouth. I spread him wide, marveled at his tiny button hole then began to thoroughly probe him.

Jay reached back, pulling me deeper into him. Carlo had taken my cock into his mouth and was teasing me with the slowest, wettest blow job I ever remembered getting. "That's it, eat my ass Nathan." Jay's voice wasn't soft and melodic, but commanding and controlling. "You're making me so hard." I felt him tap his cock on my chest for emphasis.

Carlo and Jay were so nimble and quick, moving around like synchronized acrobats. I had just gotten Jay to open up a bit when he jumped off my face and Carlo released my dick from his mouth. I was rolled over, turned around and presented with Carlo's thick dark meat. On all fours, I crawled forward to take him into my mouth.

I was eagerly enjoying Carlo when I felt the cool slick on my ass. Jay was lubing me up, sliding a finger then two into me. I bounced back and forth between his intruding fingers and his man's mouthwatering cock. I knew what Jay had in mind, and I wanted it. I wanted it so damn bad. I wanted them both so badly.

I was busy moaning around Carlo's cock when Jay's hand left my ready sphincter and the tip of his dick brushed against my hole. I continued to bouncing back and forth, slowly taking Jay into me. Every bounce forward, he moved his hips a little more forward till I was truly spit roasted by the two. Jay guided me back onto him, pulling me till I was hitting his boney hips then me shot forward with a thrust to swallow Carlo down.

I was in hog heaven, pun intended. Carlo petted my head, telling me what a good little cock sucker I was. Jay praised the tightness of my fat white boy ass. I felt like a proud whore, a whore getting dicked on both ends by two of the hottest guys he'd ever known in the middle of the day, out in the open. This was a far cry from my reserved demeanor.

"I want to watch him ride you." Jay announced, sliding out of me. Carlo pulled from my hungry mouth. He laid down on the day bed, slicking his cock with some lube they must have hidden out here. "Ride him." Jay whispered into my ear, guiding me to straddle him.

"Come on, Nathan." Carlo waggled his dick at me, tempting me. "Let me see if you know how to drive stick." I moved over him, hovering over his ready slicked cock. I lowered myself slowly, letting him stretch me. Jay was long, but Carlo was a good inch thicker and it took a minute to take him all the way. "Fuck, that's a tight manhole."

I took a minute to take a deep breath. "Damn, you're thick." I said slowly rising then lowering myself on him, getting adjusted to him. "It feels so good in me." I gradually moved up more, getting my rhythm. "You guys are such bad influences." I planted my hands on Carlo's chest. Jay was behind me, holding me up and playing with my nipples. .

I could feel his cock on my lower back leaving trails of excitement. He kissed the back of my neck. I began to feel euphoric. Then Jay's cock moved. It moved lower and lower, guided by his hand, then it was alongside Carlo's. I wasn't ready for what happened next. Quite honestly I was amazed I could do it.

I let out a howl of pain when the head of Jay's dick slipped in with Carlo's. Jay held me still, keeping me pressed against his chest. "Relax." He soothed. "You can do it. I know you can." He pushed a little forward while Carlo laid in wait, letting Jay's cock move in beside his. "Breathe. Relax. You're doing so good, Nathan."

I couldn't talk. I could feel Carlo balls deep in below me, and Jay's hips pressed flush against me from behind. "Are you ready?" Carlo asked. I couldn't speak. I just nodded. They began running their cocks threw me, one in while the other went out. "Fuck that ass feels good hugging both our dicks."

I couldn't move. I was their personal fuck toy right now. My cock was amazingly hard despite the pain I experienced. I was now overloaded with dick and enjoying every minute of it. Carlo fisted my cock, letting me slide through is grip as they bounced me to and fro. Jay sunk his teeth into my shoulder blade, causing me to release a howl of pleasurable pain.

They picked up speed, almost in unison. They slammed hard into me till their joint thrust were in sync. I knew they were close. I was just as close, but I couldn't vocalize it. Jay squeezed me. "I'm going to blow, baby." I wasn't sure if he was saying it to me, to Carlo or to both of us. "Let's paint him together."

"Fuck yeah." Carlo snarled. "I'm ready when you are." Then I was empty, their cocks fleeing my ass. I was back in the middle of the day bed, both men above me on their knees kissing one another as they furiously stroked their cocks above me. I took the queue and started stroking myself, chasing the orgasm that was oh so close.

Carlo exploded across my chest first, the sting of his blast peppering my skin. I watched him bite his lover's lower lip while he milked out the last dribbles out. Then Jay shot across my skin, mixing his load with Carlo's. That hit my trigger. I arched up thrusting my hips up to shoot further and more than I ever had. I actually hit my chin.

I was spent, covered in the spunk of three different men. The afternoon sun was slowly inching it way into our shaded retreat. This wasn't my norm. I never had threesomes. Never had sex out in the open, let alone with the lights on. More importantly, I never was double penetrated. I worried what Carlo and Jay would think of me.

They collapsed alongside me. Jay played in the mess on my chest while Carlo licked the string of cum off my chin. "That was amazing." Carlo kissed me. His hand slipped down between my legs, feeling my battered hole. "I can't believe you took us both." I looked at him, a bit dazed by it all. "Are you okay?"

"Can we celebrate Naked Day every day?"