 This continues the account of the of five days and nights that studly 18 year old Mikey spends together with Mike, the 24-year old uncle he idolizes, and Mike's fascinating and beautiful 22-year old fiancée Alice. The beginning of their story is told in "Cross-Country with My Uncle," and continued by "Alice, My Uncle, and Me," day 1 and day 2, and Day 3, parts 1 and 2, and "My Uncle's Bachelor Party," parts 1 and 2, wherein Jeff, Mike's old college roommate and lover, is introduced.

About 5.45 am, I swam into consciousness, and in the early dawn light I gazed with affection and interest (in lieu of jealousy) at Jeff, poised on his hands and knees above Mike's big body, gently kissing Mike's big chest in a dozen places, and then slowly making his way down the trail of hair on the midline of his trunk, in the early morning light seeming dark rather than blond (as I knew it to be), as he bestowed another hundred kisses on Mike's abs and belly. Now on his knees between Mike's legs, he began a new fellation, and once again Mike placed his big hands gently on Jeff's head. Lying there quietly, I wondered how many other things they'd done in the night, while I slumbered; and then, casting the question more broadly, how many times in the last years they had pleasured each other. And then I wondered, how they had come to be intimate in the first place.

I watched in fascination. Jeff had, it seemed, dozens of ways of kissing, sucking, licking his old partner. It was beautiful. Though I hadn't moved a (voluntary) muscle, naturally I was absolutely rock hard.

Glancing over at me, Mike smiled, and quietly said, "You're awake, aren't you?" I nodded slightly.

Jeff suspended his lovemaking to Mike just long enough to say, kindly, "You're next. I'll be with you soon."



But he was entirely unhurried. It was an intense pleasure to watch Jeff use his practiced arts upon my uncle, and it was, by the clock, 40 minutes more before he brought Mike to rapturous conclusion, causing his big body to convulse once, and then again, as he filled Jeff's mouth with seed.

Mike may have been temporarily exhausted, but Jeff was not. He told me to lie alongside my uncle, so that Mike's left arm and leg legs were touching my right arm and leg. Jeff knelt on my left side, and began softly kissing and stroking my chest, and then belly, and then thighs, and then calves, and finally my feet. As he systematically reversed himself, and moved back up my calves and thighs, here and there he gently tugged at my prolific golden hair, and on my belly. He ruffled through the fine golden hair on my chest that would give way soon (I was almost certain) to a thick mat like my uncle's.

Mike rolled over onto his side to get a better look, and studied Jeff as he began kissing my impossibly rigid big cock, and eventually took the head into his mouth, and with his tongue worked a kind of magic there. Repositioning himself between my legs, he knelt and used his hands and mouth in amazing ways. With his left hand, he cupped my balls - they would have been too large for anyone with a normal sized hand, but Jeff's, like Mike's and mine, was big. And with the fingertips of his right hand, he traced paths along the veins of my shaft, and teased along the well-defined rim of my glans, and then again introduced my cock into his mouth.

With the tips of my fingers I gently caressed the face between my thighs, especially Jeff's cheeks and chin, now bristling with stubble, and in return he gazed up at me in a very friendly fashion. When our eyes met, I felt nothing but affection for him, intermixed with not the slightest tincture of jealousy. And through my head ran the classic line that Dinah Washington made so famous, "What a difference a day makes!" I could hardly believe that 24 hours ago I thought I hated and feared this man.

I was fighting against the testosterone rush of early morning, and besides, I was an 18-year-old, just swimming in it. I know that I could have sustained a slow and easy attack. And as my uncle had told Jeff last night, when it came to others I always tried to be as considerate as I could. But Jeff took mercy on me and did not drag out this early morning workout for more than 20 minutes, and his conclusion was manual, and maximally intense. I came in huge gouts of cum, all over my chest and even face, amazing myself after the kind of experience I'd had in the last 24 hours.

As soon as I was done, Jeff, still kneeling wide-kneed between my legs, caressed his own hairy chest and belly with his left hand, and took his own big cock into his right hand. I reached under his hand and cupped his balls in my palm. He put on a fine show, for his cock was extremely beautiful. He had lubed his hand, and his strokes were tight and slippery, and as each millimeter of his phallus disappeared into his palm (or reappeared from his palm) it was easy to impute the intense pleasure that he was giving himself.

But he worked more or less steadily, as he gazed down on me; and it was only a matter of a few minutes before he lay his own thick line of cum onto my midsection. With that I felt still an additional link of friendship had been forged between us.

We had a busy day in store for us.