 *Sorry again for the cliff-hanger, here is chapter nine of Poor Simon.

All characters are 18+

One of my pet peeves is when characters on Lit stories get into terrible situations but everything is still happy and okay and the situation is light. When it gets dark in my stories, it gets very dark.

You've been warned.*

*

I guess I expected it to be bigger. In a weird new reality, I assumed that the seven-foot-tall black man would have the biggest cock I had ever seen, but in reality Dirk still held first prize, Hanson the second, and Master the third. Anyang came in fourth.

Don't misunderstand, his cock was still huge, but nothing compared to the supernatural sausage I had built up in my delirious brain.

Anyang's cock was limp and soft, and about eight inches long when hard was what I assumed. Its color was a uniform pitchy black until it reached the circumcised head where it was plum colored (and sized) and paling to pink right at the tip. It emerged from a springy patch of tightly curled pubic hair.

I scooped his genitals so they lay limp and alluring on top of his blindingly white briefs. His nuts were in a fuzzy black sac and each individual sac was the size of a child's fist. I could faintly feel the eyes of Master Anthony and Mr. Grey on me, but I ignored them, and focused on what I could do best. And to do what I could do best, I needed to know every inch of him.

I gave his limp cock one long stroke as I moved it aside, and then I fell to licking his balls. I felt the warm familiar thrill of submissiveness. I cupped the tender warm pouches in my hand and gently nuzzled and fondled and lapped at the vulnerable orbs. I could taste his sweat, and feel his hair. I could taste the salt and the man of him.

He said something soft and guttural in another language, and as if by magic, that limp unresponding strait cock was beginning to twitch. I lapped every spare bit of skin on his balls with my tongue, ignoring his muffled, almost impatient moans. When I had loved and worshipped him thoroughly, only then did I turn my attention to his cock, only to find out that he that he was longer then Master, but not thicker.

He was far harder now, his cock flopped a little, but nowhere near as it had before. I flickered my tongue in the triangular pit under his glans and planted a kiss on the tip. I understood on some base level what I was doing. Anyang was turned on not by the somewhat masculine way of inciting a blowjob. He wasn't into the struggle to deep throat or the pure physical sensation. What he enjoyed was, in all essentiality, the cutesy stuff. The intimate stuff. The stuff you normally wouldn't get someone from a one-time stand to do.

He had gone from limp to hard in a matter of moments from the licking of his testes, and the gentle kiss had made him twitch. Now, as I covered his cock with wet open-mouthed kisses and little slurps he was groaning softly. I nibbled at the sensitive base of his cock. By the time I finally went up to put him in my mouth, he was approaching full hardness.

I felt the familiar thrill of having hot hard throbbing flesh in my mouth as I slowly slid his cock into my mouth. When his fat head touched the back of my throat I fluttered my eyes open to see that I had a bit more then half of him. I pushed harder, and I felt him slip into my throat. I felt the urge to gag, or cough him up, but it was amazing, it was like I could suddenly ignore the urge. Suddenly my lips were brushing his thick pubic hair before I gagged a little and backed away. He was gasping harshly and he cradled my head in his big black hands.

I thoroughly expected him to start forcing my head up and down, but he was touching my very lightly, expecting me to do my own thing. I felt a sudden rush of gratitude for him. I swirled my tongue around the hard hot head and felt my lips curve into a smile around him as he gasped.

I cradled his ball sac with one hand and with the other I massaged the base of his thick throbbing shaft. He was close. I bobbed my head up and down, slurping a little, massaging him with my tongue. Then I slowly withdrew, keeping gentle suction on that beautiful black cock. I felt his cock tremble in my hand, and then with a harsh grunt he came.

He came so fast and so much that I felt his semen dribbling from the corners of my mouth. His taste was a little blander and earthier then my Master's. I swallowed and cleaned him with little laps of my tongue before gently tucking his genitals back into his briefs and zipping his pants shut. I gave the bulge a little kiss before crawling back to my Master.

I knelt at his side, cradling my aching balls in both hands and staring demurely at the dark maroon carpet. I only chanced a single glance at Mr. Grey and he looked calmly impressed, and interested.

"Only one boy, that little redhead, has ever managed to bring off Anyang before. And it took that Fish a lot longer; I guess you were telling the truth Rogan. You two are dismissed."

"Yes Sir." Master affirmed. He clipped my leash back on and we left the room.

---

He gave me some aspirin, and then we went to work out. I was still exhausted by the end, but I knew that he was going easy on me. I had almost gotten comfortable with the idea of Master Anthony sleeping with Axel. The more I thought about it the more it seemed like a casual relationship, and the more I thought about it, the more I remembered how nice Axel had been to me during the Makeover from hell. If it had been anything more then a semi-casual fling, there was no way he would have been able to treat me so nicely.

Despite my reasoning, I still felt a sting of painful jealousy when Master informed me that I would be seeing Axel today. We were in the steam room, and I was sitting a few inches away from him. I had been shyly glancing at his beautiful body and wondering when I would be able to touch him next when he told me the news.

"Mr. Grey wants to take some photos of you. We send out photographs of our Fish to our reliable clientele. Axel is the photographer."

I felt the pang of raw jealousy, but there was nothing I could do, besides try not to let him know how I felt.

"Yes Master."

---

Axel was already there at a small room with dark walls. There were bright lights focusing on a low red silk couch with a silken drape and a few pillows. I was reminded for one absurd moment of the nude drawing scene from Titanic. The lighting, and even the couch was almost exactly the same.

Although, in Titanic, I doubted if they had kept a series of dildos, whips, clips, and handcuffs near the couch.

Axel was near a tripod, fiddling with a camera that, even with my inexperienced eyes, I could tell must have cost thousands of dollars. He was dressed in a pair of leather pants so tight and low that they looked like he had painted them on. He was wearing a weird girl's top that left his lean white midriff exposed but had long flowing sleeves that nearly obscured his hands in flouncy black ruffles. By the way it was shining in the light, I was pretty sure it was made from black silk. He wore a red ribbon choker around his throat with a puff of black lace and a silver bell making up the pendant.

I felt a dull red throb of anger and jealousy that conflicted painfully with the ache of slight infatuation and fondness that I had once felt for him.

He turned and had a delighted smile on his glossy lips. His eyes were made up in bright red teardrops of eyeshadow studded with body jewels and a thick coating of sparkly black eyeliner. He was gorgeous and I ached because of it. I looked up and I could see my Master's eyes looking him up and down with approval and a hint of lust. I almost felt like crying.

Suddenly he was kneeling in front of me and he frowned a little when I shrank from his touch, not daring to look him in the eyes. For a moment I thought that Axel would see right through me, but Axel only looked up at Master Anthony, scowling.

"What did you do to this poor boy? You big meanie!"

His childish pouting and language only made me grind my teeth more. I wanted to hate him so badly, and at the same time I genuinely liked him.

"It's not my fault, he saw Mr. Grey an hour ago."

Axel shuddered a little. "Ugh, I hate that old creeper... Come here sweetie, I gotta make you look pretty!"

---

I'm still not sure how I managed to stay still for so long. He was only a few inches from my face, dusting me with makeup and poking around my eyes with eyeliner and doing God knows what to me. He was so focused, that he didn't see me seething with frustration and jealousy. 

When he was done, I crawled onto the couch, and Master took off my collar and my leash. I felt so naked. I looked up into his eyes and I could see that little blue twinkle in his left eye. He put on a new collar, a red collar with sparkling bits that I assumed were rhinestones, but then thought they were zircons. They couldn't have been diamond chips, could they?

I kissed his hand, aching with need for him.

"Alright Hon, put that drape over your hips and give your sexiest smile to the camera!"

He was so bubbly and excited; I could have cheerfully buried my thumbs in his eyes. I draped the thin silky covering over my hips and lay recumbent on my side, giving a halfhearted smile to the glittering black eye of the camera.

---

I hadn't been able to give a convincing smile, so after at least ten minutes of an extremely frustrated and confused Axel trying to cheer me up, they gave up and had me looking serious instead.

Somehow the camera made it worse. Horny old men would look at these pictures of me smooth and made up and naked. In three months one of them would be putting his cock in my ass and treating me like an animal. For the entire photo shoot I was on the verge of tears.

When I had to take a picture with my cock erect, my Master told me to get it hard. I stroked it a few times, but it stayed limp. I couldn't get it up, it remained soft and warm and lifeless in my hand. I could feel the first soft prickles of my pubic hair growing back.

"Aww c'mere Honey, I can perk that pretty soldier right up!"

He skipped up and got on his knees, his eyes bright in their red teardrops of eyeshadow. I watched him as he flopped my cock around a few times and put it in his mouth. I couldn't look anymore then. I couldn't look at this man. It didn't matter how much I had liked him before, I could never like him again.

I moaned. I was getting aroused. I wanted to stay limp, just to spite him, but I couldn't stop the urges of my body, and I couldn't hide my arousal. I felt the tears finally come. I looked at Master Anthony, my vision blurred, and he suddenly looked as if he understood. I looked away, feeling sick, and moaning a little with every exaggerated slurp of Axel's mouth.

---

At lunch, it was me and Master Anthony, Carina and Gynesh, Aleksandr and a new girl named Lorelei, and Paul and Matthew. Lorelei had the extremely confused and scared expression of a new Fish. She was an Indian girl with brown skin and very long dark hair that probably reached her knees when it wasn't in a braid.

Matthew wasn't as bad as he had been the other night, but he still looked pretty bad. His eyes were circled with deep bruise-like shadows of exhaustion and he looked like he had lost some weight in a bad way. His hair was matted with sweat and he had the reddish feathery welts of whippings on his freckled shoulders.

We nibbled our portions, and then I suddenly heard Raine's name, so I listened in to the conversation.

"Turns out we have a new problem." Aleksandr sounded frustrated and annoyed. "A fairly new client bought Raine, and normally we don't really know how Fish are treated, but the man is practically bragging about it."

I leaned against Master's thigh as he spoke. "Mr. Grey is going to stop him wont he? It's bad news to have a client that goes through Fish like that."

I was suddenly scared. What had happened to Raine? No one was saying.

Gynesh leaned forward. "No one can stop him from what he is doing to his own Fish, but I believe that Mr. Grey will bar him from future bargains. Americans are really the worst clients in most cases. Almost every American client we have abuses their Fish in some way."

I drank a little vitamin water from my bowl. My stomach was churning and I felt like I might lose my meal. Apparently, Master was of the same mind. He pushed away from the table with only half of his food eaten and he tugged my leash gently.

"Let's go Simon." He murmured distractedly.

"Yes Master."

---

We stopped at the room so Master could grab the suntan lotion and his swimsuit. We were alone, so I dared to ask him a question.

"Master?"

He looked down at me with a soft sigh. "Yes Simon?"

"What happened to Raine? Will he be okay?"

He let out a big sigh. "I guess I should punish you for that. When I came here, they told us never to let a Fish ask questions about how the Island works, but I guess I've broken so many rules about you already that it doesn't matter."

I eyed him nervously. He suddenly seemed a weird mixture of defiant and depressed. He had never spoken so plainly, and suddenly I felt sick. What had made him like this?

"A man, I don't know his real name, they keep anonymous; he bought Raine two days ago. He keeps Raine in a second business home he owns in China. A few hours ago he sent us some pictures of Raine, as if to brag, or maybe to make sure we wouldn't stop him." Master rubbed his face with one hand. "Raine was very badly beaten in those pictures."

I expected to feel terrified, panicky, and hysterical... but I just felt numb. "What's gonna happen to him?" I whispered dully.

Master dug listlessly through the toy chest, his eyes as dull and shiny as brown marbles. His sudden silence scared me. He finally spoke.

"This man will most likely either kill or maim him. I have no idea. All I know is that we... I, need to stop him so he cannot keep buying Fish."

He looked down and saw the terrified expression on my face. He knelt and I whimpered softly as he cradled my jaw in his hand and kissed my forehead. The touch of his lips was like soft fire on my skin. Those words trembled behind my lips, the words 'I love you', but I couldn't say them.

"You have three months Simon. I will make sure he is stopped before then."

I felt tears sting my eyes. I wiped the tears from my eyes and swallowed those bittersweet forbidden words. Instead, I merely said,

"Thank you Master."

---

I napped while I tanned. I felt worlds better then I had in the photo shoot and Mr. Grey's room. I hadn't felt this good since before finding out that Axel was sleeping with Master Anthony. Master actually had to nudge me with his foot when it was time to turn over because I was so tired.

I woke up with the pleasant sensation of a hand on my cock.

When I looked up it was Kirk, stony-faced and long-suffering.

"Mistress Kasha says that if I... if I give you a blowjob she will let me come." He hesitated for a moment. "She hasn't let me come for three days."

His voice was hoarse with need, and his cock was in a weird belt-like contraption with a padlock over the crotch. She must have taken off the chastity belt yesterday just to torture him.

"Um... okay."

My voice was a little strained. He was threatening, standing over me like that, but at the same time I felt a throb of arousal at having this big brute have to submit to me. I spread my legs a little, inviting him to kneel between them. He was so tall, almost as big as Anyang.

He grimaced a little, like a kid who knows he has to eat something unpleasant, Brussels sprouts, or maybe asparagus. Then he knelt and lowered his head and roughly took my limp cock into his mouth. I let out a surprised yipping cry as he did. I was still so sensitive down there and he was hurting my balls.

Suddenly Master Anthony was there and he had brought his whip down twice on Kirk's shoulders. To see huge Kirk shrinking away from a master, even my Master, was strange.

Master's voice was simultaneously cold and amused. He stood there like a sculpture of Poseidon with his sleek wet body and the gorgeously defined package in his tiny swimsuit. His dark hair was smooth and glistening with water.

"How about a little tenderness, eh?"

"Forgive me Sir." Kirk murmured.

Kirk lowered his head again, and this time he didn't have to pick up my cock to put it in his mouth, it was so strait and hard that he just had to nudge his lips around it. Just the sight of my Master had been enough to perk me up.

Kirk wrapped his lips around my cock and started to bob up and down. I was less intense then the fearsome blowjob Raine had given me, but nowhere near the wonderful one that Axel had given me. The only reason I was even aroused at all was because of Master Anthony's proximity.

Unskilled or no, soon I was panting and bumping my hips in time with his strokes. His mouth was so hot and wet, and unlike either Raine or Axel he was able to fit my entire length in his mouth with no difficulty. I looked up into Master's eyes as I hovered on the brink of orgasmic oblivion, and I saw a glitter of blue.

Kirk choked as I cried out. His cry was disgusted and relieved. With no ceremony or regard for me he lifted his head and nearly ran back to his Mistress. I watched with a mixture of annoyance and amusement as he begged her to unlock the belt.

"Let's go in Simon, we have some work to do now."

I followed on my knees, glad to have that sense of false peace securely over my mind.

---

I was eager, and I wanted to have some sort of sex with Master. It had only been a day, but a day was such a long time here. He had the excited gleam in his eye that had nothing to do with that blue twinkle.

When he opened the toy chest, someone knocked on the door. Master Anthony looked up with annoyance. He wasn't the only one.

I felt a stab of anger at whomever dared to interrupt us, and for one furious moment I was sure that it was Axel.

When Master opened the door, it was Thomas, and he had an envelope of pearly grey stationary in his hand.

"Mr. Grey wants to see you." He said softly.

Master gave a little sigh before putting one of my wrists in one of the shackles on the bed.

"Stay here Simon, take a nap. His run-downs usually take an hour or two."

He didn't know it, but we were saying goodbye.

"Yes Master."

---

They must've planned it out, waited for him to step out, maybe even planned the meeting with Mr. Grey. All I know is that about a minute after my Master had left, when I was settling drowsily on Master's bed for a snooze, Hanson and Doctor Allgood came. Bursting into the room like clumsy burglars.

Hanson moved so quickly that even though a huge jolt of terror rocked me to my core, I didn't have time to scream. He ran across the room in five giant steps and pressed a damp cloth to my face. I gave a single weak cry as my frantic struggles lessened and my vision dulled over.

And the last thing I saw was the Doctor's smirking face.

---

It was my journey into the Fishers reversed. First the Helicopter, then two jets. It was a reverse kidnapping, stealing me away from the Fishers, instead of bringing me there. With two monumental differences. I was not left unmolested on the way there, and I was not heading home.

When I woke up I was tied up. My wrists were hogtied to my ankles with swatches of duct tape. My ass was in the air. I was on the floor of a private jet.

"Ah, he's awake at last. Do give our little prince a welcome. You can go first."

I squirmed with revulsion at the Doctors voice. Horror bombarded me in waves. Fear blurred my vision. I began to pant and struggle. I was alone. Alone with two men who had driven a girl insane to punish her mistress. Alone with the two men who would have made my life hell. Alone with the two men who were about to make my life hell.
