 *This chapter was a bit disturbing even for me, and i cried a bit while i was writing it.

all characters are 18+

I don't think anyone will enjoy this chapter, except maybe the end, but be cheerful, good things will come, for this is not the last chapter, but the penultimate one.*

*

I woke up in a room that was cold, and pitch black...and I wasn't alone.

I was on my knees. My hands were in cold metal shackles that cut into my wrists, the short chain led to shackles on my ankles so I was forced to stay in an upright kneeling position. I could no longer feel my lower legs and my thighs were numb and painful with cramps. The muscles in my back and left side ached from leaning on the wall as I was unconscious. A little wiggling around told me that I was in the corner on a smooth floor that was either concrete or tiled.

I could hear my neighbor. All I could hear was soft raspy breathing and an occasional sob. I heard a slight clink of chains.

"Hello?"

My voice sounded so weak and shaky and afraid. As I woke up more and more of my aches and pains were getting sharper. I felt the crackle of scabbed over blood on my buttocks and thighs.

The other voice was a hoarse whisper. "Simon? Simon, is that you?"

"Raine? Raine, what is he going to—"

He cut me off, his voice loud and raw with sudden panic. "Shh! He's coming!"

He moaned. That sound was so hurt, so terrified. It only fed my terror as I heard heavy footsteps coming down a staircase. We must be in a basement, or upper room of some sort.

The door opened and I cringed as the bright yellow lamps from the hall flooded my eyes with light. The light was in a big yellow rectangle with a blurred man-silhouette in it.

He flicked on the light switch and I flinched again as harsh bright fluorescents turned on. I heard Raine whimper fearfully. When my eyes adjusted to the light, I looked around, horrified.

The place was a dungeon. Ropes hung from the ceiling and the ends of the ropes were thick with old clotted blood. The room was small, and most of it was made up by four hulking black frames. The frames were outfitted with shackles to hold the human body in all sorts of unnatural positions. Whips hung from the wall. Not short floggers, meant for pain and pleasure, but long knotted things of blood-crusted rawhide, and some had metal studs on the end of the strands.

Then I saw Raine. All conscious thought stopped, along with my heart. For at least ten seconds there was nothing in my head but the pure (!!!) of shock and terror.

Master had told me that Raine was badly beaten. He must have lied to me, to protect me from the grisly horror of what I saw before me.

Raine was forced in a spread-eagled position in his corner, each leg and arm held in shackles on the wall so his back was against the corner and he made an X against the wall. His skin was dead fish-pale. Huge delicate ovals of grey surrounded his reddened weeping eyes. The only thing about him that seemed vital and healthy was his hair, coppery red and flaming above his corpselike face.

His bloodless skin was lashed; not with red welts but massive bloody weals in the flesh. As if he hadn't been whipped, but cut open with a knife. The lash-marks were all over, a few even hitting his face. His neck and shoulders were covered with overlapping bloody crescent-shaped marks from our new master's teeth.

It wasn't his pale skin that had me immobilized and shaking. It wasn't the bloody lashes, or even those terrible animalistic bite-marks. A white bandage covered his groin. A bandage that bloomed with scarlet roses. Pus leaked from the edges of it. The man had amputated him.

I let out a weak airless groan, and I started to breathe again, fast high puffs. The man grinned at me with his small piggish eyes flashing.

"I love the Fishers... a little spendy, but they last so much longer. I used to just buy whores; no one cares if they disappear, not as long as you grease the right hands. However, I got tired of diseased little chinks and I learned about the Fishers from an old friend."

He moved closer, and Raine started to cry, cringing weakly into the corner, his legs weren't moving, they hung as limp and dead as cuts of meat as he feebly dragged himself back with his hands.

"You are a good find, I hope you last longer than this scrawny little bitch."

He reached for me and grabbed my hair. I cried out breathlessly with fear and pain. I struggled as he dragged me across the floor by my hair; my scalp was in fire. He dragged me to one of the racks, but instead of tying me up in whatever convoluted shape the rack had been meant for, he just tied a rope around my neck and tightened it so I had to sit up perfectly strait or I would choke. My wrists ached numbly.

He went back to Raine. Nothing was left of that beautiful, cheeky, sexy young man that had given me my first blowjob. The thing that was cowering in the corner was a wasted screaming animal.

The man briefly stopped to let out his cock, and then he dragged Raine over.

"You're too pretty to spoil yet." He gave me a smiling wink. He looked so cheerful, as if I were one of his buddies and he was making an off-color joke. His nonchalance was terrifying. Raine let out a shrieking groan of pain and fear, writhing feebly. He was untied, but too weak to give him any trouble.

"We'll just use up this little slut first." Use up. He meant murder. How many young men had been 'used up' in this room?

I cried out in terror as he let out a vicious kick to Raine's bandaged groin. Raine opened his mouth and nothing came out but a rush of air. His green eyes glittered brightly with agony and madness. Fresh blood oozed all over the white bandage.

---

I had to watch him beat Raine.

I had to watch him fuck Raine.

I had to watch him sodomize Raine with his closed fist.

The entire time, he looked at me, winking and smiling serenely. Almost as if to say, 'doesn't this look like fun? It's your turn next!'.

By the time he was done, Raine hung limply in his arms. I wanted to think that he hung like a rag doll, but he was limp like a corpse before it stiffens. The bandage loosened briefly, and I saw...I saw something terrible.

What else he did to Raine, and what else he forced me to watch, I wouldn't tell you. I wouldn't tell anyone. No one needed the nightmares.

Those were mine.

I sobbed with pain, but also with relief as the sick motherfucker tied up Raine in the corner and whipped me. The whip tore open long bleeding gashes on my body, but at least he was back to a sane level of depravity.

Something in me broke that day.

---

I don't know how long I slept. My sleep was shallow and haunted with nightmares. When I woke up, the lights were on and I could see Raine lying in a limp bundle in the corner. Blood streaked my body in streams and my throat was as raw and dry as sandpaper. My lips were swollen and cracked. I hadn't had anything to drink since the second dosage of the drug given to me by the Doctor.

My legs were cramping. I stayed there for half an hour, flexing my legs and crying with the pain of the cramps and my aching body. Raine cried out once in his sleep, but was otherwise quiet.

I heard footsteps, and I started to sob.

But there were two sets of footsteps this time. I was sure that he had brought down one of the bodyguards, to double the fun. I was ready to start babbling in terror by the time the door opened.

Then I saw him.

Master Anthony was standing next to the man, holding a drinking glass in one hand that was filled with a quarter inch of amber fluid. His eyes were haggard and red and they saw me. After that things happened very fast.

The man brought up a shining black gun, lifting it up in one hand. Master Anthony moved in one smooth fluid motion. He raised one leg up in a high kick that struck the man at the wrist and made the gun slide away uselessly across the concrete floor. While he kicked he smashed his drinking glass against the wall and slashed at the man with the jagged edge.

The man was fast. I screamed with torment and fear as he lashed out at Master Anthony with a switchblade that had been hidden in his other hand. Master grunted once as the blade buried itself in his upper arm to the hilt and dropped the glass, swinging at him with his good fist, his face contorted with rage.

The shot surprised everyone. Master looked at the corner with frantic reddened eyes and I shrieked and even the man had an expression of dull surprise on his face. A tiny black hole had appeared in the dead center of his forehead. The bullet had entered small and exited large. There was a huge formless splatter of red against the wall behind him, and Master's white glaring face was speckled with it.

Raine was holding the gun in white shaking hands, his face grey and swollen and tearful. It was a shot in a million that he had hit.

"Raine..." I whispered.

Then he turned the pistol around and put the smoking barrel in his mouth.

"RAINE!" I shrieked.

I couldn't look, but the sound was tremendous, like thunder in a bottle. I started to scream. I heard those sounds as if someone else were making them. Long shrieking wails at a pitch that could shatter glass. I felt Master Anthony's arms around me and I stopped screaming. I looked into his eyes and in the corner of my eyes I could see something limp and bloody.

"M-Master?"

"No." he said curtly. His face was ruined and weeping and contorted with relief and grief and fear. "Call me Anthony. I will never be your Master again."

---

If this world was perfect and rounded, I would have swooned, and there would have been a peaceful blank between the shattering of my world and my period of healing. But in the real world, things are never that clean.

He searched for keys on the man's limp body as I wept and struggled not to look at the shattered skull of the poor boy in the corner. I was nearly out of my mind. I just wanted to crawl into Anthony's arms and sleep forever.

He unlocked the keys and helped me to my feet. My body was crippled with pain and I couldn't straiten out my back. I had to lean heavily on his arm as I hobbled up the stairs. 

The bodyguards were nowhere to be seen. I found out later that Anthony had bribed them heavily.

He snatched me some clothes from the man's room. A huge white shirt that billowed on my skinny frame, and pants that needed to be tightened to the smallest hole on the belt. I looked like a small child playing dress-up, but it didn't matter. We just had to get out.

He walked right past a bodyguard who was casually reading a small book. He muttered something in Chinese to the guard and the man winked at us. Then I sat in the passenger seat of a neat little rented car.

Anthony glanced over at me. "Mr. Grey wants you back, but I think we can hide you in Europe, we don't have a lot of contacts there and I think I can pull a few strings to get you the papers."

You. He was saying you, and not us. I wanted to confront him, but I just started crying. My mind was a confused scramble, and I could barely comprehend him, much less argue.

All I knew was that if I had to go back, I would follow Raine's example and make sure that I would never have a Master like that again.

"Here." His voice was terse and cold. He was so far away.

His hand had two blue pills nestled in the palm. I touched his hand, closing my eyes to feel the warmth of his skin, and I closed his hand around the pills and pushed it away. He halted in the inching traffic and looked at me strangely.

"You're in a lot of pain. I'm not just talking about the whip. These pills are what I gave you after the checkup, they'll help you sleep."

He thrust them in my face again and I knocked his hand away. "N-Never ag-again." I stammered. "I d-don't want t-t-t-to b-be dr-drugged again."

His face had a stricken expression on it before he turned his eyes back onto the road. The sliver of blue was lost in the brooding hollows of his eyebrows.

---

He had to help me out of the car in the underground lot. My legs were cramped and very weak. I hadn't eaten for... for I don't even remember how long and I was lightheaded. My head buzzed with a dull ache of grief and fear and the numb adrenaline drone of stress.

The hotel was a dingy little affair. He was hiding away. He helped me over to the bathroom and put the mildewed shower curtains aside before filling the scuffed plastic tub with water. He hesitated as he saw me swaying with weakness, dull eyed and apathetic.

"I promise I wont hurt you, or touch you in any wrong way, but you are too weak to do this yourself, and who knows what kind of infection you might get."

His words were stiff and formal, my heart was breaking. "Please... you're not my Master anymore, but don't treat me like a stranger."

He jumped a little and sighed. "I wasn't sure if I should. Please get in the tub Simon, I want to change." His mouth worked briefly with nausea and disgust. "There is blood on this shirt, and I will never wear this uniform again."

He left the little bathroom with it's cracked mouldy tiles and flickering light. I squirmed slowly out of the man's clothes and eased into the water.

The hotel was shit, but the water was hot. It seeped into every ache and softened my scabs. I gingerly took the bar of soap and started washing the marks on my body.

First the long whip-wounds. Then my abused ass. After that my shoulders, which Hanson had bitten into a bloody mess.

I dozed a little, with the hot water cradling my wounded body and erasing my thoughts. I looked up to see the man I had called Master standing in the doorway, watching me silently. He was dressed in a simple white shirt and jeans, he had never looked so good to me.

"I'm sorry if I frightened you Simon. I thought that you, that you had maybe drowned yourself." The words were blunt, truthful.

"I wasn't" I whispered. "Anthony (how strange that name felt on my tongue!), can you help me out? I don't want to slip."

He helped me, and his arms were strong.

He brought me to the two thin beds in the other room and set me down on one. He gently toweled me dry and swaddled me in blankets, treating me as if I was something so fragile it could be broken by the slightest touch. Maybe that was me.

"I'm going to go out and get some food. It will take me about fifteen minutes to walk there and come back. Do not leave the room, I think Mr. Grey might have sent someone to get both you and me. I did not get permission to leave."

"Yes Mast--... yes Anthony."

I saw the twist of pain on his face as I nearly called him 'Master'. He left, and an anxiety like teeth set in on me, gnawing at my nerves and stomach and mind and sanity. I twisted and turned, every noise seemed like an intruder.

He was gone for about nine minutes; I counted the seconds on the watch he had left behind. Each moment felt like an age.

When he came back I started to cry. I had been so scared, and the tears down my cheeks were of pure relief. He shushed me, and then had to feed me. My hands were shaking very badly.

He went to the other bed, and I got mad. I got furious.

"Don't you dare." I moaned. "After all we've been through, don't you dare treat me like that!"

He looked at me, startled, and then stone-faced.

"You were my Master and I was your slave, but we had something! I know you felt it Anthony! And I felt it too! You did terrible things, but you saved me, too! So don't do this. Don't sleep in the other bed. I n-need you. I n-n-need you r-right n-n-n-n-now!"

I broke into useless sobs, and my eyes were too swollen to see. The light went out and I felt an overwhelming surge of hopelessness. Then I heard the soft scrape as he pushed the thin beds together to make one, and slide under the covers, still fully clothed.

I slid under the covers to him, weeping and nearly out of my mind in more ways than one.

I pressed against him, and put my face against his warm chest through the thin cotton of his shirt. "I love you."

It was out. His arms went loosely around me, ever-so-gently so he wouldn't hurt me. "I love you, too."

---

Anyang found us at thirty minutes after midnight. The time glared from red numbers in a digital clock on the wall. He had gotten a key to our room and was standing over our bed with a handgun clenched in his gigantic black paw.

I whimpered, and huddled closer to Anthony. I was too far-gone to even cope. I felt despair so thick and dark I nearly suffocated.

"Calm down Rogan. If you relax, neither of you will be hurt, or go back to the Fishers."

I felt Anthony stiffen, and then relax. "Why?" he said coldly, holding me tightly against him.

Anyang relaxed and sat on the edge of the bed. "You have actually done Mr. Grey a service. Men like that are like rabid dogs. They are dangerous and unpredictable. Grey was planning to do away with him, but you have tied it up, and even left a perfectly reasonable lie there. The police will discover his dirty habits, find a kidnapped young man who had gotten hold of his gun, shot him, and then himself."

"It's a closed loop, no elements of the Fishers or you involved. Grey will use his influence to fudge up any forensics that may argue with their find. Grey is under the impression that the boy is under the same condition as the Raine Fish, and I believe I will do nothing to alter that impression. He finds you untrustworthy Rogan, being capable of murder and running away to save a Fish."

"In short, he wants to be rid of both of you, and because you did him a favor, he is offering you a chance."

Anyang dumped two fat manila envelopes on the bed.

"In each of these are your new identities. U.S. Passports, birth certificates, social security numbers, and other papers. Anthony Rogan Christopher, and Simon Grayle Neilson. Small switch, but you will never be caught out. You will also be given the entire contents of your bank accounts, but they are now in a savings account in the U.S. and the information is in the envelope."

Anyang got up with a sigh.

"Grey is offering you two a normal happy life as long as you never saw a word about the Fishers. You will be watched to make sure you comply. Also in those envelopes are plane tickets for a joint flight to Hawaii and then JFK international. Where you go from there is your choice."

Anyang left with the parting words. "Best of luck."

The room was dark and silent again. "Is it over Anthony?"

There was a bit of a tremor in Anthony's voice as he whispered. "Yes love, it's finally over."

*

*One chapter left! thank you all for staying with me, and i!!promise!! that there will be fun nice sex in the next one*