 *Hello and welcome!

This chapter includes gay BDSM, strong Master/slave dynamics, emotional turmoil, and an actual plot, so if any of those turn you off, scram.

All characters are 18+

I accidentally forgot to use the 'Sexual intensity scale' last chapter, but this chapter is a 7.

Thank you, and please enjoy!*





When I woke up, the first thing that registered was the pain. My ass felt hot and swollen and when I moved I felt some scabs crackle.

Master was still sitting on the bed, and I wondered if he had moved. He saw me and smiled a little. "Get up and do a few stretches, I'm sure that will help."

I was not at all sure that it would help, but I got up and touched my toes. Then I did a pretzel stretch and a track stretch and to my surprise, the pain did fade a little. At the peak of each stretch the bruised muscles in my ass would shriek, but as the stretch wound down they would murmur gratefully.

Master fed me scraps of Indian food while I was on my knees. I loved the sensation of licking smears of food or sauce from his fingers, even though the food wasn't very tasty. In the old days I would have grimaced and left it alone, but now it was my only option, other then going hungry.

He wiped his wet fingers on his pants and got up. "Lie on your back on the bed." 

As I crawled up onto the bed he opened the toy chest and my cock twitched. I lay obediently on the bed as he dug into the toy chest.

The first thing he took out was familiar, and it made me blush, and it made my cock perk up excitedly. It was the black cock-gag. He gave a wry smile and brushed the thick head of the cock against my nipples, and they both instantly perked up.

"You really like this toy don't you Simon?"

I nodded, afraid to speak, my eyes following that big black cock. He shoved it into my mouth, and I moaned a little, I liked the way it forced my jaws open.

He dug in the chest a little more and pulled out two long shackles. They were long braided ropes with padded shackles on one end and a metal ring on the other.

"Spread your arms."

I did and he took hold of my left wrist and fastened it with the short shackle that was already attached to the upper left bedpost. He did the same with my right hand. Then he attached the metal rings of the long shackles to the metal rings on the bedposts. He fastened each of my ankles into one of the shackles so I was lying there with my arms spread above my head and my ankles tied to the same bedposts.

That was vulnerable enough, but then he removed a long extendable metal bar from the toy chest and put it between my knees, spreading it until the awkwardness was complete. I was completely helpless to move or protect my genitals. My cock was semi-hard and resting on my stomach. I remembered the picture on the front of Master's book and I winced and swallowed hard.

He reached into the chest again and I said silent thanks when he didn't come back up with any clips. I hated nipple clips. He only had the slender red bottle of lube and a roll of thin gauze. He saw the wide-eyed expression of anxiety that I was giving him, and he smiled warmly. Just that smile was enough to make my cock dribble a little precome.

"It's your first time with cock and ball play, so we will go slow. Relax Simon."

I took a deep breath and sucked on the gag; somehow having it in my mouth comforted me.

Master slathered some clear lube on his hands and I craned my head nervously as he reached for my groin. My head arched back in a delirious moan of arousal as he began to fondle me. He slicked every inch of my smooth groin with lube, and the way that his big warm hands slid around, and the cool/hot slick feeling of the lubricant had me panting weakly with lust and trying to hump his hand.

"Stop that." Master growled, and I froze.

His attention focused on my balls then, but in a good way. His hands gently cradled the slick sensitive pouch, rubbing and kneading lightly and painlessly. It felt very good, and it felt almost like an act of trust, that I could feel so good with two of the most vulnerable and delicate objects in my body in his hand.

I craned my head up to watch again, panting breathlessly. This time I felt a cold mixture of fear and excitement crawl up my belly like tendrils of frost.

Master Anthony had torn off a length of the thin gauze and had draped it so lightly over my loose and relaxed ball sac. Then his hands moved smoothly and gracefully, wrapping up my testes into a tight swollen little pouch with the gauze.

I let out a weak cry and sucked harder as he held the tight pouch in his hand and gently ran his fingernails over it. Wrapping it up didn't hurt, it just made my sac tight and a little uncomfortable and extremely sensitive. I could feel the cold beads of sweat popping up on my forehead and chest and under my arms. His fingernails were tracing lines of static electricity over the sensitive skin.

I moaned as Master wrapped one hand firmly around my sac and the other around my slick cock, which had wilted a little from the anxiety. He gave it a few long strokes that had me arching my back and groaning through the gag.

He settled into a delicious rhythm of slow hard strokes to my lubricated cock and gently squeezing and releasing my pouch in a sensation that felt hot and heavy and pulsing and just a little painful. Soon I was on the way to a climax, dancing on the red-hot edge of it, when Master released my genitals entirely.

I groaned with frustration and squirmed a little, I could see my poor denied cock bouncing between my trembling thighs. I felt sore from the spreader bar and my ass still ached from yesterday's beating but now my pain and discomfort only fed my arousal. I could feel my pulse thump dully in my aching nuts and in the tip of my red swollen cock.

"Shh... Calm down Simon, we have more work to do."

I moaned and squirmed weakly with discomfort as he went digging in the toy chest again. I longed for his touch. He took out a long thin black case. It reminded me of the case that my father had left his reading glasses in, but it was about a foot long and even thinner then the glasses case. He had also taken out a small blue bottle of disinfectant.

He opened the end of the case and a long thin metal rod slid out. It had a short black handle that was about four inches long and the rod jutting out of the handle was a slightly tapering piece of very thin grey metal. At its thickest point near the handle it was about as thick as a straw, and near the very end it was about as thick as a pencil lead, with an elongated metal bulb at the very tip no bigger then an shelled sunflower seed.

I watched, utterly mystified as he wet a bit of tissue with the disinfectant and thoroughly wiped every centimeter of the thin steel rod. Then he put another glob of lube in his fingers and carefully began rubbing my cock. I moaned, it felt so good; he was carefully lubricating the swollen throbbing head of my cock and especially the slit. I had closed my eyes with how good it felt, then his hand moved away and when I opened his eyes he was smearing more lube on the metal rod, and it finally struck me (in a vague sort of way) what that thing was, and more importantly, where it was going.

I let out a muffled shriek and started squirming back and forth, regarding the steel rod with eyes that were wide and almost rolling with fear.

Master put one damp hand firmly on my taut abdomen and I relaxed slightly, but still let out a few frantic moans.

"Shh Simon. This is called sounding, and it feels very... arousing. You need to hold perfectly still, this rod is blunted but if you struggle while it's in you, you could tear the walls of your urethra."

I instantaneously stopped struggling, but my body was beaded with sweat and I was moaning and trembling with fear. He carefully lined the slicked rod up with my cock, holding and kneading my cock in his hand. I felt the cold bead of the steel at my entrance, and then it slid in, looking as smooth as a hot needle into butter.

Let me tell you something, it did not FEEL smooth. It felt like someone was slipping a fat sliver of ice into my urethra. Sweat ran in rivulets down my torso and face and I could see beads of sweat on my inner thighs. My entire body was breaking out into a cold sweat and I was panting and sobbing. The rod kept going in, all eight inches of it until the handle was resting against the tip of my cock. I could feel all eight inches of it, including the three inches or so that were buried inside my body. I was so close to passing out from the sheer icy shock of that thin rod.

I let out three quick breathless shrieks as Master slowly twirled the rod inside of me. It had this amazing icy stretching sensation that had me feeling as cold and sweaty and limp as a jellyfish. I was so close to coming.

Sweat blinded me as he began to pull out ever-so-slowly. If the coldness of the rod's entry had been uncomfortable, it was nothing compared to its withdrawal. I wailed into the rubber gag as it made an electric sucking feeling. He pulled and pulled and my cry was drawn out into a breathless shriek.

When about an inch of the rod was still inside of me, I felt my ball sac draw up despite that gauze that was still around it, creating an amazing drawn-out orgasm. My climax was so strong that my vision grayed out briefly. When I opened my eyes I saw Master looking down at me, slightly amused. My torso was splattered with a single long rope of come and more was dribbled down around my smooth groin and belly.

He started cleanup while I rested on the bed, panting for air and enjoying the smooth aftershocks of my climax. I watched him work, and I watched the delicious bulge in his crotch.

First he drew the disinfectant-soaked paper over the sounding rod before putting it back in its case and back into the chest. Then he cut off the gauze on my sensitive sac and threw the sweat-soaked scrap of cloth away and fondling my balls gently. He removed the spreader bar and the gag, and untied me last of all.

I mewed softly with pleasure as he fondled my sweat-soaked hair. "Go to the bathroom and take a shower, I just have a few more things to straiten up."

I crawled down to the floor, but paused before going. I wanted to ask him so badly, but I was afraid of being punished, and even worse, I was shy.

I swallowed hard and tugged on his pants leg. He glanced down as if mildly surprised that I was still here.

"M-Master? C-Can I ask y-you something?"

He began to reach for the whip; which always hung on the wall for easy reach, but then he shrugged. "Yes Simon?"

I looked down at his shiny black shoes. "You...y-y-you d-d-d-didn't g-g-get...I m-mean..." I was stammering so hard and blushing so deep that I finally just reached up and touched his slightly softened erection through his pants. "CanIhelpyouwiththispleaseMaster?" I mumbled in a timid little voice.

He laughed, and it was a warm rich sound that leached the tension from my shoulders. "I guess I need to teach you how to be a little more articulate." He chuckled. Go to the bathroom and take your shower Simon, you can take care of me there.

---

This was the first time he had let me go to the bathroom by myself. I pissed and then ran the shower hot. I didn't touch the soap yet. I was harboring a foolish little hope that he would maybe wash me, like he had done on the first night.

He entered the room already naked. I let out a dry little squeak as he edged into the shower, his semi-erect cock swinging in front of him from his trimmed patch of pubic hair. He picked up the bar of soap.

"I'll clean you and you can clean me."

This was definitely not what Masters and their Fish did. I knew that much at least. Master was breaking the rules though. I let him thoroughly clean my body, his soapy hand touch my smooth skin. The water pounded our bodies. By the time he soaped my sore buttocks my aching cock was erect again. He smiled.

"Looks like someone is still feeling perky."

I felt my breath escape me in a little squeak as he tapped the head of my cock with his thumb to watch it bob up and down, flicking us both with water.

I took the white cake of soap from his hand and he turned around, exposing his back to me. A long tanned V with well-defined muscles and lean hips and the paler outline of his little swimsuit. His buttocks were muscular and firm. I soaped up his back, touching the tanned skin with my pale wrinkled fingertips. I paid special attention to the hair under his arms, and then I shyly soaped the firm globes of his ass.

He turned around and I felt his eyes on me as I tangled my hands in the gorgeous pelt of fur on his chest. I felt like my face could have lit up a dark room and my lips were slightly parted as I panted and the water pelted us both.

Then I dropped to my knees, and I couldn't help it anymore. I gently washed his throbbing cock with the bar of soap, carefully sudsing his tangled hair. When I had washed out every bubble and scrap of soap I lifted his cock and licked his balls. They were heavy and warm and fuzzy with hair. I rubbed my smooth cheek against them. It made me so happy, to be so submissive. It gave me a kind of thrill that nothing else could.

I covered his throbbing dick with small kisses before sucking on it. I had enjoyed sucking on the rubber cock, but the real thing was a hundred times better.

He was panting hoarsely and burying his fingers in my wet hair. "Touch yourself Simon."

I did. I moved my hand so rapidly over my urgent cock that it looked like a blur, but firstly I focused on my Master's pleasure. I lunged on him, and once his huge cock was stretching my throat I gagged and swallowed, massaging him.

"Fuck." He growled. I whimpered with joy as hot spurts of his strong-tasting semen filled my mouth. I held his taste in my mouth and tried to reach an orgasm that was so close on the tail of the first that it seemed unattainable.

He knelt, and I saw that his eyes were brown; I had never been able to quite see their color. The irises were brown, but in his left eye there was a spoke of electric blue that extended from the pupil to the white of his eye. A sliver of ice that broke up the darkness.

"Come for me Simon."

I couldn't tear my gaze away from those beautiful dark eyes. When I came it felt like a hand was ripping my genitals from my body and I shrieked. As my vision blurred I saw that streak of icy blue become a twinkle, before closing my eyes groggily.

I was only out for about thirty seconds. He was drying me off, and his eyes were deeply shadowed again and I couldn't see that blue twinkle no matter how much I peered and squinted.

"We are going out for your tanning session now."

I stopped searching for that elusive twinkle. Maybe it had just been my imagination.

"Yes Master."

---

Today the sky was thinly veiled with curtains of wispy cirrus clouds. The sun was strong however, and the line of submissives was out there, turning their bodies at every chime of the timer. Their ranks were severely diminished by the Auction. I could only see four Fish by the pool. The Asian girl I had flown in with, Carina, a lean girl with long brown hair in a braid that reached her waist, and the muscular young man I had seen yesterday.

I was seeing something that gave me the absurd urge to giggle. I couldn't help it. The young man I had seen yesterday was standing up, and he looked like a contestant for a body-building contest. He was taller then Master Anthony and far more muscular, and he should have had everyone nervous. But he was following his mistress, a tiny birdlike woman who probably weighed a hundred pounds soaking wet. She was holding a thin leather leash and he had a collar around his neck that was studded with rhinestones.

The most hilarious thing was just the serious subservient expression on his face. A giggle did slip out as we came into the pool area and I saw him solemnly drop to his knees in front of her, still at eye level with her chin.

"Hush Simon." Master growled and he gave me a little smack on the shoulder with the whip. I smothered my giggles, but it was very hard.

"You do not have to come, but I want you to go over there and ask Mistress Kasha if there is anything you can do with her Fish."

"Yes Master." I murmured as he unclipped my leash.

I crawled over, and even though my cock was limp and lifeless and my balls were empty, I was kind of looking forward to this. This Fish had a very large muscular body and a very thick package distending the tight little swimsuit he wore. I just wanted the chance to touch him. He seemed almost god-like.

He saw me, and his pale eyes glittered in that serious stony face, but Mistress Kasha didn't. I tugged lightly on the hem of her black uniform skirt, it was very hot today but it didn't look like she was sweating at all. She looked down at me sharply and I looked down at the concrete.

"Master Anthony wanted to see if there was anything that I could do for your Fish Mistress." I spoke quietly, focusing on her flat black shoes.

I looked back up at her while she was talking, and she had a glitter in her pale green eyes. "Yes there is. Dirk? You've been a good boy and I think you deserve a little reward. Use this little boy however you wish, besides in the ass, Master Anthony wants to keep this little sweetling a virgin."

His voice was very deep, almost as deep as James Earl Jones. "Yes Mistress Kasha."

He looked me over, and I saw his lip curl a little with distaste. He was strait, or at least he had started out strait. His mistress was smirking, and I had the feeling that I was more of a punishment then a reward.

I felt so small compared to him, and he probably outweighed me by at least a hundred pounds, though I had the sneaking suspicion that he was at least twice my weight, and probably more. Not an ounce of that was fat.

"Dirk?"

His eyes narrowed suspiciously in his handsome face. "Yes?"

My mouth was dry. "May I touch you?"

He looked a little startled, then cautiously smug. "Yeah, I just came back from a workout, so maybe you can clean me off."

I swallowed hard and I saw the clear outline of his heavy cock as it twitched slightly. "Yes Sir." I whispered breathlessly.

I crawled over; his chiseled body was gleaming with sweat. I touched my tongue to the smooth flat plane of his left pectoral and lapped up the sheen of sweat. I got to work, studiously cleaning the clean sweat from his body, and strait or not, Dirk had quite the boner by the time I hooked my fingers into the waistband of his Speedo. I darted my tongue into his navel and I felt his muscles tense briefly in a beautiful motion.

I watched it being unveiled. For either aesthetics or punishment, he had been waxed smooth except for a tuft above his cock, and his remaining pubic hair had been trimmed close and was shaped like a heart. I saw a thick meaty base, as thick as my forearm. I went lower and lower, pleased by how long it took for me to get to the end.

Dirk's cock was perfectly strait and tapered. The base was very thick, but near the tip his head was only slightly larger then my own cockhead. It was longer then my Master's cock, but I still knew what I preferred. His short pubic hair was still matted with jock-sweat.

"Gotta make sure to clean this part very well." I whispered, trying to be cheeky but just sounding a little out of breath. Then I buried my face in his crotch.

His voice had been so deep, so it was surprising when he let out a gasping little cry when I took his fat tapered cock into my mouth. His cock hardened very quickly in my mouth, but it was still very easy too deep-throat because it was thinner near the end.

Then Mistress Kasha's voice cut through my trance. "That's quite enough Simon, you can go back to your Master now."
