 For those attracted to the title, here's what you missed in the first two chapters. I spent one summer in college working at an adult store with a backroom playing porn in sixteen little booths. Customers paid seven dollars to go back, and no one ever bothered about what they did with each other. I had been propositioned a few times as an attractive 20-year-old kid working as a clerk. Once I'd even gone to an older man's house as a sexy maid and been introduced to watersports, but that's the other story.

All you need to know now is I let a customer cum and piss on me in the back room when I was supposed to be working. Oh and at least three other men saw.

"Look... here's the deal; you can please us like you did that other guy... or we can make sure TJ knows about this."

Without any other option, I sank to my knees, ready to be used. Could I have done this otherwise? Probably not. But I have touched myself for years to the memory. I only wish I could keep up more details.

Porn store backrooms, no matter where they are, always maintain a synthetic twilight. I was no longer in a booth with the glow of a 12 inch screen playing porn to light up a glory hole, instead I was in the corridor, moved to where the natural space existed between the L-shaped hallway. I had my clothes, which smelled already of piss and the bleach I used desperately to try and clean them. I had just cum, so at first I found the situation far from arousing.

They had their pants around their ankles in a second. Two of them I remember being fairly heavy set, the other skinny and small. One was significantly taller and wider than the rest, the one who spoke. He went first, slapping his cock back and forth against my face as he taunted me.

"Not too good for us now are you piss whore?" He said, ramming his cock into my mouth.

I gagged, even though I had sucked bigger cocks. He had more girth than length, and tasted like sweat. He didn't even let me suck as much as he fucked my face mercilessly. I felt his wide head bounce against both sides of my cheeks as he worked himself down my throat. Somehow I managed to breathe through my nose, somehow I managed not to retch as he used my mouth as an asshole.

The skinny one also pushed himself against my face, and both of them tried in the dark force both their heads into my tiny mouth. It barely worked, and for a few seconds my lips engulfs them both. But apparently this wasn't satisfying. His friend wanted to turn with the me, and shoved himself deep into my throat. He was much longer than the first, but this time I was ready for it. I even popped my head up and down a little, feeling his pubic hair brush against my nose. He moaned his approval and I closed my eyes. I imagined sucking Benjamin or my big, black daddy. I tried to move as fast as possible, wanting to keep my virginity intact. 

I felt a hand pull on my arm, and started stroking the first man. The other guy then moved his way forward, and I felt the skinny man's dick pop out of my mouth only to be replaced with a third. Thankfully, this dick barely mattered in my mouth, never reaching past the end of my tongue, no matter how vigorously he fucked me. He even put his hands around the back of my head and pushed me forward, only to have me work him even faster.

"We're gonna cover you in cum and piss little boy," said the leader as I stroked him.

I could only make a muffled protest weakly in my mouth. I hope that was all they wanted as I felt the last man dick move faster and faster. He held one hand on top of my head.

"Oh God..." he said.

He pulled his cock from my lips and started spraying. I shut my eyes instinctively, feeting his cum land on my nose first, then my lips and chin, before the last few drops went on my neck. Finally, his cock returned to my mouth, forcing me to lick up the last drops of cum oozing from his head. 

He kept his hands on my head, making me keep his cock in my mouth. After a few seconds, he started peeing. I jerked away from the taste, giving him the chance to spray all over my face and chest. I kept my eyes closed, he seemed to take forever, drenching my clothes again with another man's piss.

I didn't feel the smaller man behind me until his hands began fumbling at the waistband of my jeans. I tried to move, but the man in front of me grabbed my wrists together, allowing the smaller one behind to pull my pants down to my ankles. Looking up, I saw the leader stroking himself, before blinking at the cum and piss dripping down into my eye. 

The hands on my wrists moved to my shoulders, roughly forcing my bare ass up and my face down into the slick pool of stranger's urine. I shuddered and wished that somehow I'd cleaned the floor better all those nights between 4 and 5 AM when the store was briefly closed. I tried to kick, but the awkward angle and the wet constriction of my blue jeans kept my struggles from being effective. Still, I felt enough hands on me to know the three of the had me controlled. With a sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach, I knew what would come next. 

"Please...." I said, barely able to make my mouth move against the piss covered floor. "Don't.."

"Shut up!" Someone growled from behind. 

I heard the sound of him moving towards me before I felt it. From the feel, I could tell it was the smaller man with the disproportionately large cock. He rubbed his shaft up and down the exposed crack of my ass, trying to find my hole in the dark. When he did, the head wouldn't quite line up. I made a pitiful moan of protest as my tight little hole pushed back against the head of his cock. I tried my best to wriggle away, even with my pants around my ankles, only to feel a hard slap across my ass. 

"Hold still you little bitch!"

I bit my lip, still tasting the mixture of piss and cum on the floor. The sensation barely registered as my virgin hole started to open. He moved around a little more and then split me open, shoving every inch of himself instantly inside me. 

I screamed in pain.

And felt a strong hand on my head, pushing my head down face first into the puddle, turning my sobs into pathetic gurgles. My asshole felt like it was burning; I couldn't take it. But as I struggled, I only felt the hands holding me down. I fought to raise my head, gasping for breath more being forced again into the puddle. And as a struggled, I felt his cock start to move inside me.

As bad as it hurt entering me, being fucked was worse. I couldn't tell if I was crying or just feeling piss and cum as he started moving in and out of me. Moving away from him only made him go faster, so I stayed as still as I could, knowing nothing I could do would matter. I went limp, slowly relaxing as much as I could.

"Please... just cum..." I begged, in a moment up from the floor.

"I will..." He said leaning over into my ear. "Just... not... yet."

I moaned as he slowed, then something changed. I felt myself growing a little in spite of the situation. Involuntarily, I started pushing my ass back against him, I rubbed my suddenly stiffening cock against my legs, squirming to feel any sort of sensation. 

"Looks like the bitch likes it," said the voice of one of the men not inside of me.

I gave a whimper of consent.

His hands moved around my waist, and the pounding started again. I bucked around with the force of him. The hands loosened on me, and I finally reached my aching dick. Knowing I would comply, the hands let me go. I got on my hands and knees only to feel a new cock in my mouth. This didn't belong to either of the men who used before, and as I opened my eyes, blinking away the piss and cum, I noticed maybe five or six guys, watching with their dicks moving in their hand, waiting their turn. 

The short man behind me pumped faster and faster as they spit-roasted me in front of everyone. Any reluctance I had turned over into full lust, I pushed myself back and forth on each cock, desperate to cum. Then I felt the shorter man behind me slam hard into my ass. I gave out a muffled cry from around the cock in my mouth. I felt a warmth inside of me, as the shorter man gave a pump or two, his cum shooting deep inside my once virgin hole. I gave a gasp as he pulled out. 

"Bitch is all yours," he said. 

And before I could object, the other heavyset man pushed himself inside of me. Unlike his friend, I could barely feel him after the pounding i took. The new guy in front of me kept pumping as he started to cum down my throat. I choked and he pulled his dick out, spraying the last few drops on my mouth. I let the rest dribble down my chin. 

"Hold on a sec... I guess I'm not done," said the short guy, moving to the front of me.

I opened my mouth to swallow his cock, tasting myself. I expected him to start using my mouth, instead he let his bladder go with my mouth on the head of his flaccid cock. I coughed and sputtered, but couldn't help swallowing most of it as he held my head. 

His cock was replaced with another, and again I felt a cock in both ends. A couple of other guys took the signal and started pissing all over me, spraying urine all over my ass and head as each took turns relieving themselves anyway they wanted. Again, I felt warm cum enter me, this time at each end at nearly the same time, only to be replaced again. 

The next cock nearly split my ass it two. I moaned as I struggled to take it, stroking the two new cocks at my face as this new stranger put what seemed like ten inches and a coke can up my cum-filled ass. I took one of the cocks in front me deep down my throat and put my right hand on my aching dick, cumming on the growing puddle beneath me. 

I don't remember all of the details, at least not enough for a narrative. I lost track of the men who used me. Not everyone fucked my used asshole, or even took my mouth. A lot of guys didn't do anything other than cum or piss on me. At some point, I took off all my clothes - they were soaked with piss and cum. Someone must have called their friends, because there were more men in the back room than I'd ever seen. 

I think I passed out, maybe I just kind of lost time, not that it mattered to any of the men who used me. I came to in the fetal position after hearing the backroom door open, sopping wet, with cum and piss covering all over my body, my clothes in a dirty pile to the side. I looked up, my face a mess of dried cum, my hair still dripping with piss, and saw my boss standing a ways back from me. 

I stood up, too shocked to stammer anything, barely able to cover my shriveled cock. 

"Once you clean up this mess," TJ said. "We need to have a talk about your job performance.."

Author's Confession: For those following this since part 1, at some point in part 2 the story became no longer rooted in reality. I did work on this store, and part one is essential accurate. But I wanted the story to keep going. I got very much into what I wished had happened, and got such a great response, I decided to keep going with the narrative. I hope you all have enjoyed it. If so, leave a comment, I haven't decided if I should keep going or work on some of my other different work. 