 Author's note: Like everything based on a true story, I have stretched things here or there. But during my time in college, I spent several months working at an adult store with a infamous backroom. This was before I was married and before I knew better. Though I still think back on some of my memories fondly, in many ways I was very lucky. The names, the ones I can remember, have been changed.



"Well it looks like we've got a little bit of competition here," said the manager.

Mr. Johnson struck me as the typical manager, carrying too many pounds to have done anything physical recently. Not a shred of hair stood on his black chrome, and I wondered if he shaved to avoid premature baldness.

My competition, as it were, had already completed his interview. He wore an oversized T-shirt and a baseball cap in the wrong direction. I remember thinking some stereotypes exist for a reason. I also remember not thinking much of my competition. If this was the only other applicant, this job is gonna be mine. 

I had just turned 20, not even old enough to legally buy a drink. I wore my dark brown hair as little more than a crew cut and shaved my goatee for the interview. I dressed up, for what I had, wearing a polo shirt and khaki pants. I had heard things about that store. If the manager was gay, my body might help me. I was no Adonis, but I was thin and tall and certainly more attractive than most guys my age.

The store survived thanks to an overly conservative college town, and I was about to begin my junior year. I tried living at home again, but found myself chafing under the rule of my parents and away from the relative bustle of the small city. When you come from a town with two or three major roads, and less than 20,000 people, even a midsized city seems positively urban. 

I also didn't care much for working another summer at the family business. I won't go into the details, but working with family usually causes conflict. Both my father and I seemed happy enough to see me drive back to the city. I had held onto my apartment. Even in 2008, I only paid $200 a month, unbelievable especially given that this included my roommate's share. We both decided to hold onto the place for the summer rather than risk losing the place, so I had somewhere to escape. Probably that more than anything played into my head when deciding to leave home.

I missed the jobs which usually come in any college town with the annual exodus of students for the summer. It was July, and I needed something, not immediately, but I regularly depended on my earnings to pay part of tuition and my living expenses through the year. I filled out application after application online, I even showed up in person to places, only to be referred to their online application. I applied to the adult store out of desperation when spending my limited funds on more lube for my vibrator. 

I had turned in an application weeks before, even though the store's sole woman claimed they weren't hiring. I never expected much; I wasn't even sure I wanted the job. I had never paid the six dollars to visit their backroom and looked down at the very idea of anonymous gay sex. At this point, I was still so shy about sex. But after a few weeks, someone quit and now I walked into my first interview of the summer.

Besides the standard interview questions, Mr. Johnson said a few things that stood out, 

"I ain't gonna ask... I can't legally ask if you are gay or not."

I was bi and had recently started identifying myself as so. I started to speak...

"Don't answer! I don't want to know. But most of our clients are gay or at least bisexual, and you need to be okay with that."

I told him I was. 

"Now... I don't mind if you hook up with some of the clientele. Hell I do. It's good for business. But make sure the store stays okay."

I must've told him something, but I can't remember now. Maybe I just stayed quiet because somewhere in the conversation I learned his wife also worked at the store. I filed this under the "none of my business" category of my brain.

"You do know what goes on back there, right?" 

I told him I thought I had a good idea, though I had never seen for myself. 

TJ, as I learned to call Mr. Johnson, led me to a door in the very back of the store. On it there was a poster advertising some company with a silhouetted woman. It barely registered as an actual entrance, I almost expected the manager to lead me through a broom closet or show me a water heater. Instead he knocked loudly at the door.

"COMING IN!" He bellowed.

"Some of them don't care," he said casually. "Others tend to be skittish, like I don't know what they're doing back there. This here pays your salary. We still rent out movies to those who held a card before this year but we're getting rid of that shit. Too much damage. This turns our best profit."

"I worked as a janitor one summer; it won't bother me."

"Good, good," he said, leading me in. "Sometimes they behave in there like they're expecting a janitor. I have cleaned up piss and God knows what before, and you will too if we hire you. Some of them behave like animals or children, maybe both. Here, follow me."

I don't think I actually gulped. I think that only happens in badly written horror fiction. But I did the equivalent, and I did it quietly. I really needed the job. Already I found myself making up interviews I've been on to tell my family.

The darkness took more than a second for my eyes to adjust to, though TJ barreled ahead. I had to turn right immediately to avoid crashing into a smaller wooden door directly in front of me. I could make out more doors by their brass handles in the twilight. As I made my way past the row of wooden doors, the corridor bent out in an L shape. At the intersection, I saw a man on his knees with his back faced to me. In front of him stood much older man, thrusting his hips back and forth. I desperately wanted to keep watching, to see the size of his cock, but TJ kept us moving forward. 

"Here's the size of all the stalls," he said, taking me into one of the empty rooms. "As you can see, not much room in here."

An understatement. Each room had little more than a bench that might have fit two people and a small TV playing a pornographic movie.

"If you're working in the midnight shift, pick some time, usually about five in the morning when no one is back here and clean the whole thing with a bunch of bleach. Plenty of gloves in the back, careful not to touch anything. You'd be amazed at what we've found."

I nodded, though TJ couldn't have seen me. The rest of the doors were closed, and he led me back out into the main room, where the videos, toys, and party gags were displayed on the shelf.

"I'm not gonna lie to you," said TJ. "If you want, the job is yours."

I wanted it.

*****

The first few days they put me on with TJ's wife as a supervisor. I learned how to do just about everything, not that there was that much to do. I even had a midnight shift where I closed the store and cleaned the back room. To my disgust, I found a few used cucumbers and condoms, as well as many wadded up tissues. But after a few weeks on my own, I got the feel of things. It was the worst part of the job and kept me from going back there. Several times, I even found drugs. Of course, I discarded these, but it gave me silent permission to burn down a joint in the backroom before I bleached down the whole mess. After all, I could always blame any smell on the customers, though the bleach took care of that. 

Most of our patrons looked normal enough, though they barely acknowledged their desires. I usually received six dollars in cash without a word or eye contact, ringing up the total as the man made his way to the back. At first, I silently judged regulars, vowing to never set foot in the backroom except to clean their leavings. I guess I thought it was better than them, in the way that any young person with power wields it without regard to their own merit. I was certainly wrong, if that matters. Looking back, I wonder how I could think so badly about men right before becoming such a slut myself.

The first few weeks, nobody said more than two words to me. I helped a few women from time to time pick out a vibrator or a gag gift. I also rented out a few DVDS; no one ever bought the overpriced porn, not even as cheap jacketless discs from our binder. But usually I sold pot paraphernalia, and I sold it well. I had been smoking for five years and knew my way around the stoners. During the midnight shift, we always sold our fair share of one dollar stems, but never any of the more elaborate crack and meth pipes. Go figure, there's something about methamphetamine that reserves your money just for methamphetamine.

But after a while I guess they got comfortable, or maybe I did. I never cared that so many gay men were willing to risk their health night after night with anonymous sex; I just didn't want any part of it, no matter how much the idea entertained me in moments. A few of the guys even started hitting on me, which had never happened before. I couldn't help but feel flattered, even when I was not attracted by the very casual offers.

During high school, I only ever knew one guy was openly gay. At this point, I had only given two blow jobs and only received a half-hearted one. For whatever reason, I felt naturally awkward around girls and never managed anything more than a few scattered make out sessions. I also spent most my time alone, except for my roommate, who spent the summer in Kansas working. 

I did not really have any other friends in the area; I never belonged in the South. I guess that played a factor in what happened. There's no shame without society, and I was pretty cut off from the world. Maybe the older man saw that, probably he just saw my body and naivety. But he actually talked to me, and never presumed to hit on me... at least at first while I was fresh.

I had been working my first early-morning shift, 8 AM to 4 PM. I had seen men come in as early as 6 AM and privately wondered about the type of sex addiction that requires a man to wake up so early to get his porn fix. Almost no one came in together then. I want to say I met Benjamin before noon; it was certainly slow. Often times when the jack shack was slow, customers went after the only dick in the store, even if it stood behind a counter. 

"Well, you must be new," he spoke with a slight lisp, the kind I always found endearing in older queers and annoying with people my own age. "I would have remembered a face like that."

It was a subtle type of flattery, and he worked it very well. He reminded me of the suave old womanizer, so past his prime, and yet still able to bring a smile to every nurse and stewardess. Ben had a few good years left. His hair was mostly white, still all there, and looking into his face, I could almost see how he looked once. His eyes were a sharp blue which stood out even from behind his thick glasses. He was shorter than me but well-built.

Yes, I liked the look of him, even if he was three times my age. More to the point, I liked talking with him. He put me at ease with the place, going into details occasionally, while somehow sensing out my comfort. Never did he ask for anything, nor was he overtly sexual. But there was something similar to the relationships I had with my "platonic" female friends. I could tell we could be more than friends anytime I chose.

"So have you gotten to know any of the regulars?" he asked. "There's all different sorts in here, honey."

I admitted I hadn't.

"I'm surprised they all don't take a run at a hot young thing like you," Ben answered, again with that charm.

"Oh, a few of them tried," I answered sheepishly.

"Well, once word gets around that you're straight, most of the regulars will leave you alone. Of course a few stray dogs may try and hump your leg anyhow, just be firm."

"I'm not though," I murmured.

"I never would've pegged you as part of the family."

I always tended to lean towards the masculine. I preferred men who were the same, though occasionally I liked to wear panties, which no one could guess.

"The family?"

"Oh you know, us gays."

"I'm not gay. I'm bi." I answered more strongly.

Ben shrugged his shoulders at this, as if the distinction didn't matter. The bell chimed as another man entered the store. He was smaller than Benjamin, hispanic with dark hair and a mustache that didn't suit me.

"Excuse me, honey," he said. "My date is here."

Ben had already paid his six dollars, was free to come and go for the day, and so made his way to the back alone. The younger man laid down his money wordlessly and followed him, never getting too close, as if expecting me not to notice what was going on, I watched the door shut behind each of them.

30 minutes later, the Hispanic man opened the door to the back and staggered out, his eyes adjusting to the change in brightness. Benjamin followed shortly after, coming right up to the counter where underneath the glass the crack pipes sat collecting dust.

"That one, he gets on and just fucks like a rabbit," Ben smirked.

"Really?"

"You wouldn't guess it to look at him, I know. We meet up once a week or so."

"He doesn't look gay."

"Oh he isn't sweetheart," Ben smiled. "Lots of guys back there aren't. But a hole is a hole for most of them." 

We ended up talking for another hour before Benjamin excused himself to go take care of his birds. I liked him a lot, though I felt he was a little old for my tastes. I went home, almost glowing. I wasn't used to the attention, and Ben had been charming. 

I went home, smoked, and fell asleep. My sleep schedule was perpetually out of synch with the rest of the world, and I usually worked the midnight shift. I woke up six hours later to my cell phone ringing. Chad, the assistant manager, called in sick. and I needed to cover. I guess I could've said no, but I needed the money. Of course I got high first. At some point, when using any substance from drugs to alcohol, tolerance takes over. I had become a very functional addict, if anyone can really be addicted to marijuana.

I came in at midnight, very high and very tired. It was Friday, so the place usually started to crowd early. One or two o'clock usually became our busiest hours on the weekends. Men came in from a failed night on the town, paid their six dollars, and usually found some release after being frustrated at the bars. This night wasn't nearly as packed. I took in maybe a dozen men, not including the few I hadn't seen since the start of my shift. 

Around one in the morning, a younger guy walked up to the counter. He looked about 30, a lot older than me but certainly younger than most of the men who came in. He had dark, shoulder length hair, dark eyes, and a short beard. He leaned on the counter as he spoke.

"You are the hottest guy in this place," he said.

"I've seen most of the guys back there," I answered. "That's not the compliment you think it is."

He laughed at that. 

"Still... I'd love to see you back there."

"I can't," I lied. "I'm not supposed to at work."

"You never go back there?" he asked.

"Not really."

"What if something is broken or someone made a mess?"

"Well, then I clean it up," I had on a few occasions entered the back while it was open as sometimes customers left all sorts of things in their tiny rooms. 

"Stall number 9 is messed up. You need to come back there and clean it. I wouldn't normally ask, but there's this video going on the screen showing a hot young boy getting sucked by another guy. I don't even think the other guy wants anything in return."

I froze. I couldn't speak for a second. It had been over a year since someone sucked my cock, and here was a willing guy right front of me. My boss probably would've encouraged it. I didn't know what to say, but I knew I would at least have to look, even if it was a ruse. I needed this job and couldn't have an attractive guy who brought business into the back complaining about me.

I swallowed and spoke, barely in a whisper.

"I'll be back in a minute."

He nodded and walked away. I almost jumped as the door shut to the back. I didn't know what I would do. I felt my cock swell at the idea but still felt a certain stigma about him being back there. I looked at the clock; five minutes passed, and I needed to do something. I went to the closet near the bathroom, grabbed the broom and dustpan, both thankfully had long handles that clicked together. Taking a deep breath, I paused as my hand touched the doorknob. I still had no idea what I was going to do.

Or maybe that was just what I told myself. It's hard sometimes to be honest with yourself in the moment. Looking back years later I had plenty of other options. I waited a second for my eyes to adjust to the dark and then walked slowly into the corridor. 

A few of the booths on my left were empty, a few were closed, and the other four had men standing in the door of the tiny rooms, who turned around as soon as they heard the door open. I could feel their eyes on me as I walked past. Only one kept his dick out, an older fat man who kept stroking himself as I hurried past him. I tried not to look but caught myself glancing towards him as he pumped furiously, smiling again at me. 

The booths weren't labeled, but I knew there were 16. Six on the first side, and another ten on each side after turning right. I went to the door I thought was nine and knocked. The door opened, and I saw a somewhat pale and thin man, maybe in his forties, pushed up with hs knees on the small bench as a larger black man pushed his thick cock in and out of him. I made eye contact with the black man, and then looked down in shock at his massive tool just as the head came out of the other man's ass.

The older man moaned and begged for more. But the black man turned to face me, holding his cock out in front. It must've been nearly twice the size of mine, and I sported a respectable 6 inches. He motioned towards me with one hand, the other still gripping his softening cock.

"Like what you see?" he asked gruffly.

I nodded in spite of myself. 

"C'mere, boy, and work this cock."

"I.. uh.. I've got the wrong room."

He shrugged and turned back to the bent over man. He rubbed his cock back and forth against the ass cheeks of the squatting man, before looking right at me as he plunged himself again inside the waiting hole. I couldn't believe how easily he took nearly all of it, or that neither insisted on a condom. The black man kept eye contact with me as he pounded the milk white ass, as if letting me know he imagined me underneath him. He only closed the door as I turned around. I groped in the dark for the door to room number nine across the hall.

I'm knocked this time. Despite the filth I associated with everything in the back room, the man leaned with his elbow resting against the door frame.

"What is the mess?" I asked timidly.

"Come in. I'll show you."

I left the door open and brought in the broom. He pushed it aside and closed the door behind me.

"The mess..." I asked as he put his arms around me.

"Don't worry about that," he moved in to kiss me. I turned away.

Something about the feigned intimacy turned me off. But he was persistent, he reached his hand down to rub me through my jeans, quickly turning my arousal into a full-fledged hard on with the slightest rub. I moaned involuntarily and acted seemingly helpless as he unbuttoned and unzipped my pants. 

He never pulled them down; he only reached in and grabbed me, feeling the bulging shaft straining against my boxers. My arms dropped limply to my side as I jerked back away from him. He didn't stop, and I didn't stop him. His fingers yanked down on my underwear, watching as the tip of my cock almost bounced out of its confinement. He pushed his hand roughly past the waistband and gripped my balls tightly in his hand. His left hand moved to my ass, tightly gripped the side of my left ass cheek.
