 Author's note: The following is a continuation of my experiences working at an adult store with a back room in the small college city. In the first chapter, I described how I got the job and my first experiences with anonymous gay sex. One older man even offered to pay me for light cleaning, if he could provide the outfit. For more details, please read part one. 

***** 

24 hour porn stories never really intend on being open every hour of the day. Like every business, we depend on peak hours and complete other tasks during the downtime. I usually worked the midnight shift, meaning I left work around eight in the morning, a few hours after the sun came blazing into the sky. 

Think of it like any bar scene. When all the clubs close at two, everyone finds somewhere to hold an after party. For those who struck out, the store's back room provided a dimly lit corridor with 16 individual booths playing pornography on small screens. Instead of feeding machines money, a flat fee covered all our customers as long as they wanted to stay. Between the booths, glory holes allow anonymous access for the straight man who considered one hole just as good as any other. 

But after a certain hour, even after parties need to die. By 4 o'clock in the morning, even the hard-core perverts needed the rest. Usually this is a slow time, when I would clean the back room and take out the trash. But the time also brought in the worst customers. Crack and meth addicts don't operate on a schedule. 

Because I worked the late shift, usually I was the only one in the place between 4 and 6 AM. A few times I needed to kick out a customer to clean, but tonight the back room was deserted. Just as I was about to lock up, I heard the ding of the door opening. It's easy to exaggerate things when you are remembering, but I know for sure the black man coming into the store stood at least a few inches taller than me. 

As I'm over six feet, he was intimidating. Honestly, I would've felt the same about anyone that large entering the store while I was by myself. He looked well-built, maybe in his early 40s, with short black hair and a very thin goatee. He glanced at me briefly then made his way around the shelves of porn DVDs. 

I tried to find something to do so I wasn't just watching him. I started cleaning the shelves behind me, where dust had collected around the more expensive bongs nobody ever bought. Those are probably there today, still collecting dust around their overpriced stickers. Occasionally, I looked in his direction. Occasionally, he looked in mine. And more than once, we caught each other looking and pretended only to be interested in everything else. 

He walked up to the counter after a few minutes, leaning over to talk to me. 

"Your videos cost too much," he complained in a low voice. 

I could not help but agree. The big release at the time was Pirates, a big budget knockoff that won every AVN award. It went for $60. Most of the DVDS were marked between 30 and 40 bucks, until no one bought them and we put them in the bargain bin at two for 20. On the counter, loose porn DVDs without cases had been placed into a large black CD binder holding a few hundred discs for five dollars a piece. Even in 2008, no one really paid for porn. Some people still rented videos, but the store had been phasing that out. The booths in the back made the money. 

I showed him the big binder and watched as he leafed through it. 

"Anything good in here?" He asked. 

I shrugged. 

"I haven't watched them all. You can tell by the cover what they're about." 

"What ones do you like?" 

Again I shrugged, not knowing how to answer. He pointed to one of the discs, showing a blonde girl with cum dripping from her face. 

"Do you like that one?" 

"Sure, it looks good." I tried to sound uninterested. 

He pointed to another; this one showed a petite white boy with three big black cocks rubbing against his face. 

"What about this one?" He asked, without me missing the suggestion in his voice. " Do you like looking at this video?" 

I nodded, unsure of what to say. He kept asking me about different DVDS in the jacket, always pointing at big, black cocks and asking what I thought, if I wanted to watch it. 

"Have you ever seen one so big?" 

I shook my head and turned around, pretending to clean. I tried to look busy as long as I could, but eventually I couldn't help turning around. I looked in his face first, seeing a small smile spread across it. I looked down at the binder and saw his cock resting semi-hard in between a half dozen different porn videos. 

I stared transfixed at the big black dick. Even without being erect, it dwarfed mine, and anything I had ever seen. The length would've been enough, but it was so thick! The head was surprisingly light. In spite of myself, I found myself wondering what it would be like to try swallowing all of it. I wondered if it would even fit in my mouth. 

I looked back up at his face meeting his eyes wordlessly. 

"You want to go to the back?" 

"I can't..." I stammered for the excuse. "It's not allowed." 

"You have a bathroom?" 

"Yes..." I said. 

"Can I use it?" 

"Sure..." I said, I pointed in the direction. "First door on the right." 

"Maybe you need to go too." 

The man tucked this monster back into the waistband of his gym shorts. Now I could make out the outline of it before he walked away smirking. I caught my breath and tried to think about what to do. But the image of that cock laid out in front of me, waiting to use me, stuck in my mind. Before I knew what I was doing, I started walking towards the bathroom. 

The bathroom was sparse, little more than a toilet and sink. Still he stood with his back against the wall, knowing I would come. I looked in and saw his cock nearly erect, at least 10 inches long. Still the biggest dick I've ever seen. I close the door softly behind me, as if afraid someone else would wander in at five in the morning. I could feel his breath; we were so close in that cramped, dirty bathroom. 

"You know what you're here for," he said stroking himself. 

He pushed down on my shoulders, and I sank to my knees without any resistance. I looked straight at his cock, swinging freely in front of my face. I reached out with my right hand and touched the head of it gingerly. His big paw clasped around my fingers, forcing me to grab it tighter and stroke it. I looked up at him in awe as his cock grew even bigger. I knew what he wanted, but I didn't know how I would fit his dick in my mouth. 

He didn't wait long. His hand moved to the back of my head and urged me forward. I realized as I inched closer that my mouth hung open. I pursed my lips in a reflex and gently kissed the tip. Swallowing hard, I opened my mouth, closed my eyes, taking in all I could manage. I looked up at him with a mouthful of cock, and then looked down to see I only had taken a little more than the head. More than half of it remained. 

I started jerking him with both hands and bobbing my head up and down on his cock. I heard an audible pop as he came out of my mouth, and then nearly gagged as he forced his way back in. I took maybe half of him now, struggling for air as I tried to remember to breathe through my nose. His rhythm became faster and faster to use my mouth, and again I had to stop him. I sputtered and gasped as the head of his dick bounced against my upper lip and up towards my left eye. 

I needed time to breathe before trying again, so I stroked him, pointing his cock up where it reached past my forehead so I could suck on each of his balls. I slurped loudly, taking my time with each, and then started licking up every inch. I looked up at him for approval, but he didn't say anything. I stroked him again as I used my tongue to lick the slit of his head. He placed both hands now behind my ears and plunged himself down my throat. 

I gagged and coughed as he withdrew his cock, and before I felt ready, he did it again. This time the muscles in my throat relaxed enough to take him, though it felt uncomfortable. He went slowly at first, giving me time to adjust. I stared down through my watering eyes and saw I still hadn't taken all of them. He tried to put the last fourth into me, only to hear the muffled protest, the only feeble sounds I could make with the monster so deep inside of me. 

He stopped for a second as I pushed back against his thighs with both hands. He let me off of it, and I sucked greedily for air. Drool and tears mixed on my face, and yet I wanted more. He grabbed me again and started fucking my face, as fast and hard as he could. I still could never swallow every inch, but I did my best to breathe through my nose as he used me. A few times, his momentum forced his cock out to bounce against my cheek or face. By the time I took a deep breath, he'd be back in, using my mouth like a pussy. 

"You like that, don't you? You like that big black dick?" 

I moaned my approval. 

"You're getting hard, aren't you, faggot? Go ahead, ask your big black daddy to take it out." 

He withdrew and I looked up at him with pleading eyes. My penis strained against my blue jeans uncomfortably. I didn't much care for the daddy thing. I knew guys did it and had always thought it was kind of creepy. But something about a black daddy disassociated the term. Still I didn't realize what he wanted. 

"Can I...?" I asked between breaths as I sucked gently on his head. 

"Can you what?" 

"Can I take out my cock?" 

"Ask your black daddy's permission," he said sternly. 

"Please daddy, please black daddy," I corrected. "Let me play with my cock." 

"Go ahead, show daddy that little white penis." 

I pulled out my cock through my zipper and the hole in my boxers. I had never been small, the one time I measured it was a little more than 6 inches. But compared to this man I might as well have pulled out a micro penis. He laughed. It stung a little and also turned me on. Maybe if I actually had a small cock it would've bothered me. 

"Just like I thought," he scoffed. "Another tiny little white boy penis. Good thing you're a faggot. That isn't even worth my time to touch. Say yes, daddy." 

"Yes, daddy," I said, and then found myself continuing. "My little penis isn't worth touching." 

"Good, faggot," he said and started fucking my face again 

I still could not swallow all of it, but that didn't seem to matter. He ravaged my face, forcing me to take more and more, not caring if he choked me. And I didn't care either. He woke something submissive in me, I wanted nothing more to be a hole for him to use. He kept demeaning me, and it only made me harder. His cock fucked my face with such force I could barely keep a hand on myself, but my pleasured did not matter. 

"Do you want Daddy's cum on your face?" 

I made another muffled moan of agreement. He stopped fucking my face and pulled out. He slapped my cheeks and forehead with his cock as he jerked himself. 

"Beg Daddy," he said. 

"Please, daddy..." I started. 

He tilted his head in mock disbelief. 

"Please what? I don't know what you want me to do?" 

"Please, daddy, cum all over my face. I want your cum..." 

He pointed his cock head at my open mouth and moaned as his first spurt shot down my throat. As I coughed, I felt two or three more strands of cum land on my chin, my cheek, and my nose. His last two bursts barely dribbled down the head of his dick. Not being finished dominating me, he took his cock and smeared the last drops of cum on my forehead, then he put himself back in my mouth so that I could suck him clean. 

He pushed by me as I slumped against the door, opening it against the weight of my back. I adjusted to let him pass and with cum dripping off my face and onto my shirt called after him. 

"Can I cum, Daddy?" I asked. 

"I don't care what you do, faggot." 

I heard the ding of the door opening to the store and looked at myself in the mirror. I looked so hot dripping with cum, like the girls I watched in every porn video. I stared at my face and pulled my cock, finally cumming uncontrollably. I shot load after load onto my shirt, into my underwear, and onto my pants. 

***** 

Interestingly enough, I felt less ashamed of blowing the man I now referred to as my black daddy than I did receiving a blow job from a stranger closer to my age. I cleaned up the best I could in the bathroom, and by the time the shift changed, my clothes had dried. Still I wondered if anyone could tell what I had been doing only three hours before. 

Benjamin was absent from the store for nearly a week. During that time, I considered his cleaning offer. My recent experience only made me hornier, and I knew if Ben came back I would gleefully parade around in my underwear or naked for whatever he wanted to pay me. Besides, I only worked part time, and the extra income would be nice. 

For his part, Benjamin first apologized for making such a crude offer. Then he smiled when I told him the idea sounded good to me. He offered $20 per hour, twice a week, along with tips for good service. We agreed that I would wear whatever he wanted and do whatever he wanted, so long as it didn't involve penetration. For some reason, this line let me pretend I wasn't a prostitute, albeit the mild sort. 

I remember feeling sick to my stomach the hours before making the drive. My old car sputtered and wheezed as I made it outside of the city to the large isolated house. Benjamin's house looked amazing, especially compared to my tiny two-bedroom apartment. He was far enough out that I could have walked to the front door naked, and no one would have complained. For a second, I worried about being raped and murdered and then dismissed it as though invincible simply because I was young and strong. 

I rang the doorbell suddenly conscious of how shabbily I had dressed. I assumed Benjamin would have a costume prepared for me and imagined myself prancing around as a French maid. But still I felt ridiculous wearing a Lou Reed T-shirt (Take a Walk on the Wild Side!) and ripped blue jeans. 

Benjamin answered the door wearing even less, a towel clasped around the surprisingly firm body. He had a few wrinkles, as would be expected from a man at least pushing sixty, still he had aged well. His hair was mostly gray, and I remember strongly his piercing blue eyes. He welcomed me in and offered me some water. 

"You know hon, you don't have to do this. I'll even throw you five bucks for the gas," he offered kindly. 

"I want to," I said quietly. 

"Well forgive me but you look like you got a case of the heebie-jeebies." 

"No, I mean, I am a little nervous. But I've been excited about doing this the past few days. What do you want me to wear?" 

He produced a small white piece of fabric. As I took it from him, I realized it was a jock strap. I laughed and shook my head. 

"I haven't worn one of these since high school baseball," I remarked. 

"Now you're just making it hotter; I'll have to get a picture of you in the snug baseball pants. Did you shower together? No, you tell me about that another time." 

"You'll be able to see my ass." I protested. 

"That's the point, honey." Ben reminded me. "But again, I don't want you doing anything you'll regret no matter how desperate you are. 

"I'm not that desperate and this seems fun. Okay, anything else?" 

"One thing... I agreed I wouldn't penetrate you, much as it's on my mind. But I'd like to give you a tip... Well literally a little more." 

He pulled out a small set of black anal beads, a bottle of lube, and an enema. 

"Now feel free to say no, but I want to see something inside of you. Besides you're on the clock as you get ready. You know how to use these?" 

I nodded. 

"Well go get ready then." 

After about 30 minutes, I looked at myself in the mirror, readying my nerves to step outside the large bathroom. The white cotton jockstrap certainly looked new and much sleeker than I remembered mine looking. As I turned around and looked at my ass, I could see the straps on either side, hiding nothing of my feminine bubble butt. I didn't actually have a cup, so my cock felt a little mushed by the material. Taking one last look, I took a breath and opened the door, making my way towards the living room. 

Benjamin whistled. 

"Turn around for me, hon..." 

I did a suggestive twirl, then looked back over my shoulder with my hands on my hips proudly displaying my ass in the high school apparel. 

"Bend down and touch your toes, sweetie." 

I did as I was asked, loving the attention. I knew as I bent over from experience that Benjamin would get a good look at my tight little hole. 

"Tsk, tsk, tsk," he said. "Someone forgot their toy." 

Still bent over I answered him. 

"I thought it might be more fun for you to put it in me yourself," I said, suddenly summoning a more seductive tone. "After all, that's what you want, isn't it? You want to put your thing into me?" 

He laughed and gently patted my ass. I handed him the anal beads between my legs and spread my cheeks apart with both hands. I almost look like I was doing a swan dive. He lubed up the toy and pushed the first bead into my tight rosebud. I must've breathed out harder than I realized, because Ben immediately asked if I was okay. My vibrator was slightly bigger, but I'd always struggled as anything first pushed into my ass. 

This was like feeling that first push against my tiny hole eight times, or at least that's how many beads I counted. Each one became slightly bigger, and I moaned with pleasure, though I grunted occasionally from the discomfort. I sank to my knees for the last few beads, glancing back to see Ben smile as he pushed the final orb inside my tight virgin hole. 

Then he moved his arm back and pulled out several of the beads at once in a quick jerk. I gasped in surprised and then sucked in air as he quickly push them back in. As he started fucking me with the beads, my hand moved to my growing cock, pulling it out of my jock strap. As he went faster and faster, so did I, jerking my own cock until it nearly exploded. Just as I thought I might cum all over his beautiful hardwood floors, he stopped, slamming every bead deep inside of me one final time. 

I turned around to sit up and face him, and the head of my cock still poked free from the tight jockstrap. I balance myself on my feet and hands to avoid painfully sitting on my ass. I wondered how sore I might be after the day. 

"I know we went over the ground rules for you, but I have mine." Ben said suggestively. "First, you are here for my amusement while you clean. You are to refer me as master or sir while on duty. Afterwards, we'll go back to being just Ben and Sam." 

I nodded my consent, still uncomfortably positioned. After all, a few days before I called a stranger my big black daddy. Master seemed tame by comparison, and Sir, well that's something most young Southerners are accustomed to saying. 

"Secondly, you are here for my pleasure. So you cannot cum, piss, or even touch yourself without permission." 

Again I agreed. This is not much different than any other job. 

"And lastly, if things ever go too far, simply say red, and we'll stop and talk as men. I don't want you doing anything that goes too far." 

I appreciated this and following his next instruction, started polishing the high shelves and ledges around the house with a feather duster. Benjamin got rid of his clothes now and sat watching as I stretched my body and flaunted my ass through the revealing jockstrap. At first I made as if I didn't notice him, focusing on the task he requested, while never failing an opportunity to bend over or flex the muscles in my bubble butt. 

Several times, I saw him stroking himself on the couch. His cock head looked somewhat triangular, and much bigger than the rest of him. His dick certainly wasn't small, but the head proved the most striking feature. I noticed now, seeing him completely naked, that his balls stretched down longer than mine. And then, as I dusted behind the mantle, I felt his hands on my nearly bare ass. He snapped the outer straps of the jockstrap and again started pushing against the beads in my tight hole. 
