 I published one story called "Master's Toy: Part 1". Since then I've been busy and lost access to my account. Now I'm back to publish more stories.

***

I am a straight man who fell into debt to an older, affluent man. I live as his slave now. While he enjoys using me for sexual gratification, he also finds it amusing to force me into pornographic shoots. He hires porn production companies to film scenes with me playing the part of the girl. As a straight male who once enjoyed such scenes, it is a degradation I can barely endure.

I've heard that writing anonymously about your experiences can help. Here is my first attempt. 

Names of porn companies are changed.

***

The camera points directly at my face. I looks away in shame.

"What's your name bitch?" the cameraman asks.

I do not answer at first. I feel tears at the corners of my eyes. My voice is choked. I have already been humiliated, turned into an object for sexual degradation. I don't want to participate any further.

My body is shaved and covered in oil. I am wearing nothing except for a pink g-string and black high heels. The g-string does little to hid my erection. My face is painted with makeup: fake eyelashes, metallic blue eye shadow, purple lipstick, and thick black eyeliner. A rhinestone collar is wrapped around my neck. There is a name tag, bearing the name I refuse to say. A chain leads from the collar to the cameraman's hand. It is a leash, another symbol of my submission

"Bitch, what is your name?" the cameraman repeats. 

I decide to submit, knowing I have no choice. 

"My name is Ashli," I say.

"And why are you here today Ashli?"

I swallows the last of my self-respect. I look directly into the camera. "I'm here to be your slut," I respond.

The cameraman laughs. He is a taller, muscular white male. I can't pay much attention to his features. My focus is on the enormous penis hanging between his thighs.

The cameraman pulls the leash. I fall to the floor on my hands and knees. This is where he wants me; on my hands and knees, leashed like an animal for his amusement. My thong clad ass points high into the air. The lights reflect off my smooth, oiled body. I look forward with pleading eyes.

"Come here slut."

The cameraman pulls hard on the leash. I crawl forward submissively. I don't want to be here, I don't want to be his slut, but it's easier. I crawl the way I've seen strippers move across a stage, as if there is nothing more important than the leering man holding a one dollar bill. My back is arched in a vile representation of my submission. My hips swing so that the the camera catches my thong clad ass swaying back and forth.

The cameraman pulls the leash hard so that my face is pressed into his crotch. His penis presses against my face. I try to move my head away, but he presses harder. Everything else slips away. My entire world is the space between his muscular thighs, where his powerful cock sits awaiting adoration. 

"Kiss it bitch."

I open my mouth and kiss the engorged shaft. My lips cover the his penis, leaving it wet with my saliva. I suck lightly on the skin, wanting him to know that I'll be good. My tongue laps at his manhood. I taste his cock and my heart beats faster. The cameraman slaps my ass.

"Look into the camera."

I look up. He sneers down at me, clearly amused by my submission. I know what comes next. Shame turns my cheeks red.

"Beg for it you little slut."

"Please sir, let me worship your cock," I moan. 

The man takes his eight inch cock into his hands and holds it like a club over my face. I sit back on my hands and knees, with my mouth open and tongue protruding. He slaps the shaft against my tongue, then rubs his cock across my face. His thick cock rolls over my face, dragging spit and precum. He marks me with his cock, letting me know that I exist for his pleasure. 

I grasp his cock in my hands. It is hard, powerful, enticing. I cannot help myself. I stroke the shaft, loving the feel of his throbbing penis. My hands look tiny against his manhood. I cannot believe how low I have sunk. I am wearing makeup, with a thong wedged up my ass, and a leash around my neck. I am stroking a stranger's cock, licking his shaft, begging him to use for his sexual gratification. I am a toy, an object for strange men to brutalize for their own amusement. I want to do nothing but provide pleasure. 

I bury my face in his ballsack, while stroking his cock. The taste of sweat lingers on his testicles. His musky smell fills my nostrils. I suck his balls, rolling them around my mouth. I give each ball a loving embrace with my mouth, savoring the taste of his testicles. I lick his balls, long and slow. My tongue slides seductively across his sack. I want him to know that I am giving myself over to his power. 

"Worship a real man, bitch."

I take the head of his cock into my mouth. My plump lips part, allowing the cock entrance. Precum drips onto my tongue. I grow hard at the salty taste. My tongue swirls around the head of his cock. 

I feel a smack on the back of my head. 

"Get to work you little whore."

I take a deep breath and let go of any notions of pride. I am no longer a man, I am a slave to cock. I swallow his entire cock, feeling the hardness of his shaft rub against my throat. As my nose presses into his abdomen I can feel his balls resting on my chin. I gag, my body attempting to expel the intruder. My back arches and my stomach contracts. I kick the floor violently, moaning to be released. He holds my head firm. I gag again, my eyes filling with tears. I place my hands on his thighs in a desperate attempt to push him away. He smacks my face and mockingly tells me I'm not coming up. I can't breathe. My eyes roll into the back of my head.

"Gak, gak, gak." I hear myself making these noises of degradation. I cannot think of the shame, I can only think of breathing again. Every time I gag mucus explodes from my throat, creating a thick puddle around his crotch.

He removes his cock with a loud popping noise. I gasp for breath. Strands of spit hang from my mouth. I am on the verge of crying. He gives me little relief.

"Back on, bitch."

Rough hands grab me by my hair. He buries his cock in the back of my throat. I immediately choke. I vomit in my mouth. I try, with as much strength as possible, to free myself. He laughs and holds on tight. 

"Gak, gak, gak, gak." Again, the vile noises of my humiliation fill my ears. He laughs at me. 

"Just let it go whore."

With his cock still in the back of my throat I gag again. Mucus and stomach bile pour from my mouth. Snot explodes from my nose as I choke and gag repeatedly. He grabs my hair with a rough hand and pulls my head up. He does not totally release me, so that his cock still sits in my mouth. My lips instinctively, like the degraded slut I am, suck tightly on his shaft.

I look directly into the camera. My eyes are bloodshot and wet with tears. My makeup, so expertly done only minutes before, is smeared across my face. Spit and mucus drip from my lips and nose.

He thrusts into my throat. I wince. My eyes close. I gag violently.

"Open your eyes," he growls.

I stare into the camera. My eyes hold no life as he thrusts repeatedly into my throat. My mouth is a hole for him to fuck. My beautiful face is nothing but an object for his amusement. I gag and writhe in pain; the physical pain of being ferociously throat fucked, and the mental anguish of being so vilely degraded.

He laughs. "Good girl."

He pulls my leash towards him. His penis assaults my throat. He pulls the leash again and my face his pressed into his abdomen. I try to move. The collar chokes me. I vomit again, but this time cannot escape the fluid. The watery puke splashes against my face and goes up my nose. I cry, begging to be let go.

He laughs, and then obliges.

I fall backwards, gasping for breath. I'm laying on the floor greedily sucking in air. He walks over and positions himself over my face. I stare up at the man who has made me into a sex toy. 

"Having fun slut?"

I can't answer. I open my mouth to groan, but can only blow bubbles from the thick spit spread across my mouth. He doesn't care. He places the camera on the ground so that it's pointed towards my face. Then he sits, placing his asshole directly on my mouth.

My groin aches as his asshole engulfs my face. He sits on me, showing me that I am good for only one thing; his pleasure. My tongue laps hungrily at the man's asshole. I can hear the grunts of approval. I am engulfed by the stench of a superior man. I tongue the anus aggressively, tasting my own humiliation. 

"Yes. Good girl. Be the whore you are."

His words make me behave like more of the slut I truly am. I bury my face deeper into his ass. Part of me is disgusted. Part of me wants to fight back, to not allow this stranger to use me for his gratification. Another part is embracing my true nature, is embracing the fact that I am nothing but an object for real men to abuse and use for pleasure.

Then he farts. 

I try to move away but he has me pinned. I struggle, kicking against the ground, flailing my arms against him. He presses his ass harder onto my face and farts again. I scream angrily into his asshole. The muffled cry makes him laugh. He farts again. I want to die as I breathe in the stench.

"Yeah bitch now you really know where you stand."

He stands up, but gives me no time to collect myself. Instead he immediately slides his cock back into my mouth.

"Gak, gak, gak, gak," I cry as he fucks my throat. The assault is ferocious. My body arches and writhes as I choke and gag. I try to turn away but he slaps me hard in the face.

"Come on girl, make daddy happy."

He does not let up. Vomit rises from my gullet and spills from the corners of my mouth. Thick, wet, mucus, streams around his cock as he violates his slut. The acidic liquid coats my face. It runs down into my eyes, into my hair. My eyes are sealed shut with my own stomach bile. He continues to fuck my mouth. 

"Gak, gak, gak." He slows down. He dives his cock deeply into my throat, holds it there a few seconds and then releases. Every time he slides in my body twists to be free. My stiletto heels slap against the floor. I no longer have thoughts. There is nothing but the power of his eight inches pummeling my throat. There is nothing but the cock of the superior man using a submissive bitch. I lay on the floor in complete submission.

His body tenses. He holds his penis in my mouth. I cannot even taste the cum as it explodes into my throat. 

"Don't swallow."

I do as I'm told. I hold the cum in my mouth. 

He makes me sit up on my hands and knees. I look into the camera, but can barely see. My fake eye lashes have fallen off. Mucus and stomach juices coat my face in a thick, bubbly sheen. My right eye is completely shut with spit. I'm a pathetic whore, a disgusting object for men to abuse and deride.

"Open your mouth, show me the cum."

I obey, moaning as I do so. My cum filled mouth opens wide. I gargle the cum, moaning in pleasure, displaying my disgrace. 

"Keep holding what I give you."

He places the head of his cock at the edge of my mouth. I moan in anticipation. His warm piss fills my mouth. I want to cum, but don't dare touch myself yet. I've sunk as low as possible, I've lost my humanity. I'm a toilet, I'm a urinal for a real man. I don't swallow, I let the hot liquid mix with the cum. Piss begins to overflow from my mouth. He doesn't care, he continues to use me as his toilet

"Swallow it all bitch."