 I am a mature, divorced bisexual man. I date women and enjoy sex with them but I really crave sex with men. I just do not have any romantic feelings towards men as I do towards women. Consequently, I keep my encounters with men discreet and secret. My main forum for hooking up with men had been craigslist. However, bowing to government pressure, craigslist discontinued their personal ads. That left me in a quandary. How could I arrange the encounters I craved when my vehicle for arranging them evaporated. Searching the web, I found a gay dating site that seemed to have quite a few local guys in my age range. 

I am in my early 60s but can pass for at least 10 years younger. I have kept in good shape and I have always appeared to be younger than I actually am. This has been very useful to me in my bi adventures since many gay and bi guys are very age conscious (or so it seems to me after perusing so many personal ads). My ad on this newest site drew a response from a 47 year old top looking for occasional hook-ups. The pictures he posted had me drooling. The only downside was that he lived 50 miles away. We exchanged some e-mails via the site and we both shared more pictures. We decided to meet at a town halfway between our two cities. We met for a drink at a bar just off the highway. He was a very handsome man in his late 40's, at least 15 years younger than me. He was tall, about 6'2" with jet back hair and very arresting green eyes. 

I had e-mailed him that I would be wearing a red polo shirt and he recognized me as soon as he arrived. He walked up to my table and said "hi, Tom, I am Jason." I was definitely thrilled to meet him. I signaled for the waitress to come and take his drink order. It turned out that he was a single malt Scotch drinker, which is my favorite adult libation. We chatted, a bit nervously at first. He was very charming. We soon decided to find a motel room - an easy task since we were just off the interstate.

As soon as the door closed behind us, Jason took me in arms and kissed me. I am usually not that keen on making out with men. But, his passion thrilled me and I returned his passion. Our tongues swirled around together and we shed our clothes. 

We jumped into the bed and I went for his cock immediately. It was very thick and about 7 inches. I wrapped my lips around it and started to enthusiastically suck it. I thrilled to be worshipping such a beautiful cock. I let my tongue play along the head - it was a large mushroom head and I enjoyed every second as my tongue explored every single part of it. He began leaking pre-cum almost immediately and I enjoyed the taste and smooth texture of it. My tongue spread it all around his cock head and then I began to take more and more of his beautiful man meat into my mouth. After a few tries I was able to take his whole shaft down my throat. I lingered there applying more pressure with my lips and tongue - Jason moaned his enjoyment. Then I slowly worked my way up to the top again so I could let my tongue wander all over his cock head. Periodically, I would stop sucking and lick his shaved balls and the side of his shaft. I did not want him to cum yet.

As much as I enjoyed feasting on his luscious cock, there was something I craved even more. "I need this cock deep in my ass!" 

Jason laughed and said "I can't wait to fuck you!"

I applied a generous amount of lube to my manhole while Jason put on a condom. We began with me on my feet, bent over the side of the bed. Jason eased his man meat into my eager ass. But it did not take long for him to start pounding me. He would pull his cock almost all the way out and then slam it back into me. I get quite vocal during sex and I began to moan "I love your cock in me, fuck me! I love it!!" This seemed to excite him even more and he picked up the pace. His cock was ramming me and it felt so good! 

We changed positions and I lay face down on the bed with my ass propped up on a pillow. Jason entered me again and I felt his body on top of me. He kissed my back and was fucking me more slowly this time. "I love the feel of your cock in me!" I was lost in lust. 

Jason rolled off me and said, "ride me!" I straddled him and lowered my ass on his rigid pole. I leaned forward and began moving up and down on his shaft. My cock was bouncing up and down as I rode my new lover. Jason took it in his hand and began to play with it. I was oozing pre cum and he rubbed it all over my dick. 

Jason rolled us over while his cock was still in me and we were in the missionary position. He really began to fuck me faster and faster and I could tell he was very close by his expression. I started masturbating while he battered my hole with his tool. "Wow!" He yelled as he filled that condom with his seed. I had been furiously stroking my own cock and I squirted a huge load seconds later.

I cleaned myself off and we took a break. I had picked up a bottle of cabernet and we sipped our wine and told abbreviated versions of our life stories. Jason's cock was semi-hard and I could not stop admiring it. "I want to suck you, now!" My lips surrounded his cock and my tongue wandered over his cock head. My ministrations soon had it rigid. Once again I swallowed his cock and felt it tickle the back of my throat. Very slowly my mouth moved up and down his shaft. I always paid particular attention to his cock head. 

After about 10 minutes Jason began to fuck my face. I loved it. My tongue and lips were wrapped around his cock as he slammed it in and out of my eager mouth. "I'm going to cum!" he shouted. My lips kept their grip on his cock and he shot a big load which I swallowed. I kept sucking him so I could wring every last drop. 

"Wow! that was intense." 

"I love the taste of your cum."

We had some more wine and talked for a while. We decided to go to dinner and then come back for more. There was a nice seafood restaurant a few miles away. We are both seafood lovers. We each ordered grilled mahi and shared a bottle of chardonnay. 

Jason was a dentist and he told me he often fantasized about his patients while he filled cavities and implanted crowns. He would look at their mouths and think about sticking his cock down them. I laughed and said "you can put it in mine anytime."

We returned to the motel and we were out of our clothes in a flash. We lay on the bed and watched some porn on my laptop. One lucky guy was being fucked from behind while he sucked a huge cock. "I've done that, it is an incredibly erotic feeling to have a cock at each end." Jason asked me if I would like to do that with him and another guy. "Abso-fucking-lutely!" We posted an ad looking for another top on the gay site where we found each other. 

Meanwhile, I began sucking his cock again. After a few minutes of this I told Jason I needed to be fucked again. He was happy to oblige. Once again I felt his thick cock invading my ass. This one lasted a long time. I loved feeling his balls bang against my ass. Jason would fuck me very slowly and run his hands over my ass occasionally spanking me which made me feel like such a slut. I loved it! He would have me lying face down while he held me close from behind and kissed my neck and back. Feeling his body on mine while he lovely cock fucked me put me in a state of bliss. Finally, Jason told me he was going to cum. "I want it in my mouth!" I cried. I fell to my knees and opened wide. Jason pulled off the condom and I began to suck his cock while fondling his balls. His cock erupted with a stream of hot, juicy cum and I slurped it all up.

We were pretty well spent at that point. We decided to check if anyone had answered our post for a third. A guy named Larry had responded. He was 55 with a nice looking body - not that tall but built like a linebacker with a very thick 6" cock. He had never been in a threesome and said it was on his "bucket list". We replied to his post and provided my e-mail address. Evidently he was on-line because he answered within 15 minutes. Larry was divorced and lived about 5 miles from me. We exchanged phone numbers and set a date for us to meet at his house the following Saturday.

I arrived at Larry's address and I was already leaking pre-cum in anticipation of what was to follow. Jason's car was already there. I rang the bell and heard a loud "Come on in." I walked into the foyer and could see through to the back yard where there was a pool in a screened enclosure. A naked Larry walked into the room holding a bottle of wine. "We're in the pool, get naked and join us."

I didn't need to be invited twice, I stripped and joined them. Jason was already in the pool. There were several chaise lounges around the pool deck and Larry settled down on one and poured the wine into glasses. We toasted each other and talked for a bit but I could hold out no longer. I knelt by Larry and took his thick man meat into my mouth. Was it ever thick, it really stretched my lips As I was worshiping his magnificent cock, I felt someone playing with my ass. Jason was behind me probing my anus with his fingers. I was on all fours now anticipating being filled at both ends. Jason applied some lube to my ass and donned a condom. Then I felt his cock push its way through my anal sphincter. 

It had been quite a while since I had taken on two guys at once and once more that incredibly erotic thrill overtook me. I loved being used like this, it made me feel so slutty and so sexy. Larry's cock was tickling my throat while Jason's was pounding my ass. Suddenly my mouth was being filled with hot, juicy cum. I vacuumed every bit I could out of Larry's beer can shaped cock. Jason meanwhile had grabbed my hips and began slamming his meat in and out of my ass. He finished and then told me to suck the rest of the cum out of his cock. I eagerly complied. 

"Well, that was a great start'." I said. We drank a little wine and cooled off in the pool for a bit sharing stories about our past sexual adventures. Larry suggested we dry off an adjourn to his bedroom. We enthusiastically agreed.

As we entered the bedroom, Larry said "it's my turn to fuck you." 

"Can't wait."

I bent over the bed and Larry began applying more lube to my ass. Jason lay down in front of me so I could take his cock in my mouth. I began sucking and a few seconds later my ass was being stretched wider than it ever had. Larry knew his cock was too thick for most guys to take very easily so he would gradually push it in, pause and let my ass adjust. It was a little painful at first and it had been quite a while since my well used ass felt any pain from a cock going in it. Bit by bit he eased his fat shaft into me. My ass made the adjustment and the pain receded. I had never felt so full in my life. I took my mouth off Jason's cock long enough to say, "Fuck me with that beer can of yours. I love it!"

Very slowly Larry began to fuck me. Meanwhile I was swallowing Jason's cock. I loved having two cocks in me at the same time. I worshipped Jason's cock and fondled his balls while Larry attacked my ass. He was another slapper and that turned me on. As we went along it became easier for Larry to move his cock in my ass. He began to fuck me faster and I was in heaven. 

We changed positions. I got on all fours on the bed. Larry went back to pounding me and I resumed sucking Jason's cock. Before long Larry began to fuck me harder and harder. "You love my fat cock, don't you, slut?"

"I love being your slut, fuck me harder!"

Larry really went at it faster and faster until he erupted with a loud moan. I even came without touching myself, something that had only happened once or twice before and not for a number of years. It didn't take much longer for Jason to fill my mouth with his seed. As usual I made sure that I did not miss a drop and kept sucking his cock until I could get nothing more out of it. 

We all cooled off in the pool and drank some more wine. Both Larry and Jason each fucked me one more time. I would suck the cock of the one who wasn't fucking me. This went on for quite a while since they did not have that much cum left - we were all middle-aged after all. I felt so slutty and so fulfilled after being used by two really nice guys with big dicks. We all agreed that we would have to get together again soon. Larry asked me if I would like to wear panties and some lingerie next time. This had never occurred to me but as soon as he said it I knew that was what I wanted. I had to do some shopping.

We had some more adventures and I will relate them at some point, but not now.