 "Come on bro, take another shot," I said to my friend Drew as I passed him another shot glass full of Fireball. He threw the shot back into his throat and went back to staring at the floor in front of him.

Drew had just found out that his girlfriend Hannah had been cheating on him for months so my friend, Sam, and I were trying to cheer him up with a little heavy drinking. As the night went on, though, Drew just seemed to get worse and worse the more we drank in Sam's basement. 

Eventually, Sam decided that it was a lost cause and excused himself to go to bed. Drew and I stumbled over to the two couches in Sam's living room and laid down, silently.

"Hey Jake," Drew said after a few minutes. I shot up, and looked at Drew. This was the first time he had really said anything all night.

"Yeah bud. What's up?" Drew lied in silent for a few minutes before he was able to choke out:

"What's wrong with me? What did I do wrong?" I could hear Drew's voice cracking as he asked me the questions, so I shot up and walked over to the couch he was on. 

"Dude, nothing is wrong with you. She's just a cheating bitch. You can't beat yourself up about this." As I finished talking though, Drew completely broke down. He was sobbing uncontrollable. So I grabbed around him and pulled him into a hug. He gripped the back of my shirt tightly with both hands and really pulled me in close while his body convulsed from the tears. He pressed his hot, wet face into my shoulder and I immediately started rubbing his back to try to calm him down.

"It's alright, Drew. You'll get through this. You'll get over this. You're a good guy, anyone would be happy to be with you," I said, trying to say anything that could possibly calm him down a little.

I felt his body stop shaking as he pulled away from the hug. I could see the streaks of tears down his face, which was still contorted from the crying. "You okay?" I asked him as he sat a few feet away from me. He looked up at me without responding. He didn't really look that sad anymore, but he just stared at me through the dark room. As he looked at me, I felt the hairs on the back of my next stand up. His face wasn't showing sadness anymore. He almost looked angry to me, but then I realized that it was hunger.

Drew dove at me and pressed his mouth into mine as he knocked my back down against the couch, with his body on top of mine. I couldn't believe this. What was he doing? I squirmed to try to break free but he grabbed each of my wrists with his hands and pinned them besides me. When did he get so strong? I wondered to myself as I kept trying to fight him off. 

"What are you doing?" I groaned as soon as I was able to get my face away from his.

"Open your mouth," he demanded, still looking at me like a wolf looks at its prey.

I opened my mouth to object but as I did it, he shoved his face back into mine and I felt his tongue probe the inside of my mouth. His tongue immediately collided with mine as he worked his mouth into mine. I could feel him breathing warm air onto my face through his nostrils. He bit down on my bottom lip as he pulled his face away from mine again. I heard myself moan involuntarily as he released it. I looked up into his face and it had softened. Then, before what I knew what I was doing, I pushed my face into his. Was I actually kissing him back? 

Our tongues collided again and this time, I allowed myself to take part in it. There was something so heated about what was happening, I felt myself enjoying it and not even asking why. I had never thought of Drew this way. I had never thought of any guy this way and as far as I knew, neither had he, but that didn't seem to stop us. He released my wrists and I immediately moved my hands up his muscular arms and onto his back. When did he become so muscular? 

I wasn't paying any attention to where his hands were until I felt something tightly grab my dick from the outside of my shorts. I pulled away from his mouth as I groaned loudly. I hadn't even realized how hard I was until this moment. As I had my head cocked back, Drew moved his mouth to my neck and bit down with force. I heard myself practically scream as I felt his teeth sink into me. Before I could say anything, he pulled off and gently kissed the spot he had just bitten. 

I realized how hard I was breathing when I grabbed his face and pulled it back into mine. I felt his hand release my hard cock for a second before feeling it slide under the waist of my shorts and grab my cock dead on. I knew that I was dripping in pre-cum because his hand slid smoothly down the length of my cock. 

I moved my hands down his back, trying to dig my nails in so that I could make him feel a little pain too, but he didn't seem to notice. When I got to the bottom of his shirt. I realized that I wanted him naked. I wanted his hot, muscular body pressed against mine. I grabbed the bottom of his shirt and yanked it up. He sat up to pull the rest of his shirt off and while he did this I started pulling on the waist of his jeans.

"Someone is a thirsty little slut," Drew said as his muscular body expanded on top of my with each breath. I stared up at him in aw. I wanted him so much in that second and he just sat there staring at me, the hungry look back in his eyes. He reached down and unbuttoned his jeans slowly. "You want this cock don't you?"

The way he was talking to me felt wrong, demeaning, but in that minute I did want his cock. I wanted him so much that nothing else was going through my head. Drew stood up next to the couch and slowly unzipped his pants. Then he bent down quickly, pulling his pants down along with his briefs. When he stood back up straight his hard dick flew up and slapped his stomach. I could feel my mouth drop open as I stared in Drew and all his glory. His cock looked like it was over eight inches long and looked as thick as a soda can. The skin above his cock was smooth and quickly transitioned into a hard six-pack. Above his six-pack were too bulging pecs. 

"You gonna get naked, bitch?" When Drew asked this I snapped back into focus. I felt my lips twinge in a smile and I quickly ripped off my shirt. I stood up to throw my shorts to the ground and as soon as I was naked Drew grabbed my throat and threw me back down to the couch. I gasped, but quickly my mouth was again filled with Drew's tongue. 

Drew grinded his cock against mine and I was moaning in pure ecstasy. I then felt Drew working his hand down my smooth body, for a second I thought about how thin I was compared to him but when his hand grabbed my dick, I moaned again and forgot all about it. Drew's hand only stayed on my cock for a second though, before we moved down lower. I felt him pull my hair back with one hand as he squeezed my balls with his other hand. I pulled my head back and let out a growl. I heard him chuckle before he began sucking on the underside of my chin. His hand let go of my balls and again was moving lower. After a second I felt his finger on my hole.

"Wait," I gasped as I felt him putting pressure on my ass with his finger. Drew pulled his finger away and also stopped sucking on my neck.

"You don't call the shots, bitch," Drew said. I looked at his face and he was grinning, but still with the hungry look in his eyes. He stuck his index and middle finger in his mouth and sucked on them for a second before pulling them out and putting them right back against my hole. This time he didn't give me time to object and he shoved both fingers in my hole.

I felt myself let out a little scream. Even though he got his fingers wet with his spit, it still hurt to have them inside me. He kissed my cheek softly before shoving them further into me until his entire fingers were completely inside of me. I was gasping heavily and groaning, but I felt my cock dripping wet and pulsating against his hard schlong. I heard him laughing in my ear at my loud groans, which forced a smile on my mouth.

Drew started moving my fingers in and out slowly. Although it hurt at first, it now felt amazing. I wanted his fingers to pound my hole. But after a few minutes, he ripped them out and stood up again. I was about to ask what he was doing when I felt his hard schlong slap my face.

"Are you gonna suck it or what?" Drew asked, while rubbing his precum all over my face with the tip of his cock. I didn't even think about the question, I just opened my mouth and took in the head of his cock. The head alone almost filled my mouth. His precum tasted so sweet as his cock rubbed against my taste buds and I could smell the sweaty musk coming off of his cock. I forced myself to take more of his cock in, but apparently I wasn't taking enough in because Drew grabbed the hair on the back of my head and pulled my face further onto his cock until I was gagging. I opened my eyes and saw that I still only had about half of his cock in my mouth.

Drew quickly started fucking my throat, pushing more and more of his cock down my throat each time. I started breathing out of my nose and relishing in the fact that Drew was fucking my face. His cock filled my mouth with such a great taste that I wanted him more than I had ever wanted anyone else. I opened my eyes and looked up to him to see that he was smiling as he looked down into my eyes as he fucked my face. 

Drew then put one last thrust into my face until my nose was pressed against his hard stomach and he stayed there with his cock buried down my throat for a few seconds. I waited for my throat to be filled with cum, but it never came. Drew pulled his whole cock out of my mouth grabbed my chin and pulled it up so I was facing him again.

"You like that don't you?"

"Please Drew," I gasped. "Let me taste your cum. I want more. Don't stop. Please."

"You are so hot when you beg," Drew said. He then knelt down in front of me and then again using his strength that I didn't know he had, he threw me around so I was on all fours with my ass facing him. He pressed his body up against me so his mouth was up to my ear and his fat cock was in between my two ass cheeks. Then he whispered in my ear, "but I want something more too". 

Drew pulled away and I heard him spit on his hand before rubbing it against my hole. I moaned from the tingling feeling this was giving me. Was he planning on fucking me? I didn't think my as could take it. I heard him spit again and when I looked back he was rubbing his saliva all over his cock. 

"You ready for me, bitch?" he asked. I wanted to say no, but the way he was looking at me had me completely transfixed. It was like he owned me and I was willing to do whatever he wanted.

"Please fuck me Drew," I said in a whiney voice I didn't recognize. Drew wasted no time. He pressed the head of his monster against my hole and slowly pushed it in past my ring of muscle. I was immediately filled with hot, stinging pain and put my head down so he wouldn't hear me whimper. 

Drew didn't stop though, he just kept pushing more and more of his cock into my hole. I was still feeling the hot pain, but it was accompanied by something else: a warm sense of fullness. I wanted him inside of me. I wanted him to own my ass. Drew just kept pushing more and more of his cock into me for what felt like hours. Then finally I realized he was all inside of me when he stopped pushing.

"You okay?" he asked, but before I could answer I felt him pull his cock halfway out of my ass and then jam it back in. I heard myself let out a scream, but it wasn't pained, it was filled with enjoyment. Drew then started going at an even pace. Pulling halfway out before plunging his huge cock back into me. With each thrust, I felt his cock pound into my prostate, forcing me to release a deep moan of pleasure.

After a few minutes he picked up the pace so that he was hammering my ass as fast as he could; taking almost his entire cock out each time before hammering it back in. I felt myself throwing my ass back to meet his cock with each thrust. Our bodies make a smacking sound every time they collided and the room was filled with both of our pants and moans. 

After a while of him pounding me, I felt his hand lift me from around my neck and pull my body up so I was just on my knees while he pounded into me. Me grabbed the underside of my chin and turned my face towards him so he could put his tongue back in my mouth.

I was filled with such an overwhelming sense of pleasure to have him inside of me. His godlike body pressed against mine while our tongues danced in each other's mouths. 

Drew pulled away from the kiss quickly and pressed me back down onto all fours as he picked up the pace again. "Fuck, FUCK!" I heard him yell from behind me. I knew what was coming and before I could prepare for it, Drew shoved his cock as deep into my hole as he could, causing us both to moan loudly. I felt my hole warming with hot liquid as he shot stream after stream of his hot cum into my hole. This sent my own body over the edge. I felt my own cum shoot up on my chest and drip on to the floor below us. 

Drew pulled out to put a few more slow thrusts into me before letting his cock slip out of my hole. I lay on the floor panting as I looked up at his at his glorious body again. Drew pulled my lips into his and gave me a soft kiss before pulling away. I watched as he slowly got dressed in front of me and lay back down on the couch. 

I decided I better clean up the floor where I had came and clean myself up before getting dressed again. After I was clean and dressed I looked over to Drew one last time. He was breathing slowly and clearly asleep. I lay down on my own couch and thought for awhile before going to sleep. Was this going to be a regular occurrence? Why had I enjoyed that so much? How did Sam not wake up to that? I know we were making a lot of noise. Before I could think too hard on it, though, I drifted off to sleep; only a few feet away from the best fuck I had ever had.