 You can feel the power! The power of having a young good looking man on his knees between your legs, at your beck and call.

You are in your fifties. This young man is twenty years younger than you but he craves your cock and will do anything you ask. It is a great feeling knowing that you own him and can use him as you desire. It has been a while now since he has started making weekly visits you your house. Each visit gets better!

He has come over to your house and undressed as you demanded. You like to see him naked. You are sitting on your sofa with a beer in one hand watching a good porn flick. Your young man is kneeling on his knees and has your cock in his mouth. 

He concentrates just on the head. You can feel his lips brushing back and forth across your helmet as his tongue messages the sensitive underside. You take a sip of beer and sigh in contentment.

This is the life! Soon this boy is working more of your cock into his mouth. The longer strokes feel great! He really knows what he is doing. After a little bit you can feel your cock-head bumping int the back of his throat. At the same time you feel his nose and forehead hitting your lower abdomen. Your cock is all the way in his mouth and it is good!

You are going to cum soon but you are having such a good time that you don't want it to end. So you tell him to stop. He takes his mouth off your cock with a look of hunger and disappointment in his eyes. You know that he is craving your cock more than anything else in the world! 

"Suck on my balls boy!" You order him. 

You scoot a little forward onto the edge of the sofa giving him good access to your nuts. He wastes no time diving in and sucking on your scrotum. It feels so good he has a nice chunk of your skin in his mouth and he is moaning with desire. This creates a most pleasant vibration that you feel deep inside your nuts. 

He now has a whole nut in his mouth and he is massaging around it with his tongue. It is unbelievably pleasurable! Just when you think it can't get any better he takes your second nut into his mouth. He is now tea-bagging both of your nuts at once! His tongue keeps caressing that so sensitive skin between your nuts. You feel him trying to reach back farther with his tongue and he is now almost licking your taint while both of your nuts are in the back of his mouth!

You let him tea-bag you for a few more minutes while you finish your beer and enjoy a hot scene in the porn flick. You run your hand through his hair and stoke his head as you would an obedient dog. Both of you have your place in this world. You understand it. You are the king and this young man is a servant made to pleasure you. He knows it and he loves his station in life. His greatest fear in life is not pleasing you to the fullest.

You make him go back to your cock now. Life is great! He is bobbing his head up and down on your cock with real hunger and desire. You are going to cum soon so you tell him to stop. You let him watch the porn with you for a few minutes and laugh at how he can't keep his eyes off of your cock and keeps wiping his leaking precum off his own cock and eating it! 

You make him edge you for another fifteen minutes. He sucks you for about a minute until you are almost about to explode and then you make him stop and watch the porn for a minute or two before you let him resume. 

He has his hot mouth back on your pole. It feels so good. He sensually massages the bottom of your shaft with his tongue as he takes you all the way in and your head hits the back of his throat. You just can't take it anymore! You grab two handfuls of his hair and let him know you are going to cum. He concentrates on messaging your sensitive underside with his tongue and you erupt! Multiple strong spurts of cum shoot out of your cock and into his mouth! 

This young man keeps nursing on your cock until it is just too sensitive. You push his head off. He sadly removes his mouth from your cock and tilts his head back opening up his mouth. He has collected all of your cum and shows it to you as you always demand of him. It looks so good covering his tongue! You tell him OK and he closes his mouth swallowing your load down with relish. He opens his mouth again, sticking his tongue out showing that it is empty.

"Very good boy." you acknowledge as you pat the side of his head.

He now leans in and takes your cock back into his mouth cleaning it of any cum that might remain. He makes sure to lick around the ridge and gently sucks on your slit to get any remaining juice out of your now softening cock. He makes smacking noises with his tongue when he finishes, letting you know how much he has enjoyed pleasuring you! It is an honor for him to be able to swallow down your load and he wants to be sure that you know how much he has appreciated serving you!

You now make him jerk off into his palm while you both watch the porn. It is a pleasure for you to stroke his firm round ass and slap it occasionally just to remind him of his place and that you own him. After a few minutes he trembles and deposits a large load of cum into his palm.

"Swallow it down!' You order knowing that he hates eating his cum after he has cum.

"Please sir, don't make me do it." He pleads pathetically. "I have pleasured you and now that I have cum I don't think I can do it."

"Swallow it down boy!" You order, "or this will be the last time that you will ever serve me."

It is such a thrill watching him take his own cum into his mouth and fighting to swallow it down! Especially after he just swallowed your whole load down with such relish!

"Very good, you see that was not so hard." You tell him. "I want you back here next week for another session."

"Yes sir." He replies as he starts getting dressed. 

Life is so good you think to yourself as you watch him getting dressed. You can't help but notice how so tight his ass is as he walks towards the door to leave. "Maybe next week I will fuck him." You think as you open another beer.