 From my very first lecture at university, I instantly knew I wanted Mark. Then again, nearly everybody did. He was stereotypically good looking: 6ft 2, dark and toned. He was also my contract law lecturer. Forbidden fruit. I could never pay attention in his classes, I'd be focusing on anything but him to keep my cock from being rock hard and causing embarrassment. 

We had bumped into each other quite a few times: he bent over to pick up my student ID during an exam and put it back on my desk with the most perfect smile and he also spoke to me when we were drunk at an end of year party. I stupidly said to him "it's a shame you're my teacher," with a smirk. To my surprise though, he smiled back and told me wait until uni was over. 

For two years I kept what he had said in mind, but managed to convince myself that he was just really wasted and probably didn't mean anything by it. He was 8 years older than me and could get anyone he wanted, including the girls drooling after him. 

In my final months of university, I started to work closer to him. I had an occasional job showing prospective students around campus and he was in charge. There were about ten of us altogether, so I never managed to get any time alone with him. That was probably for the better though. I'm usually quite calm and collected, but around him I'd turn into a blubbering idiot. You could always see his washboard abs through his fitted shirts and his perfect arse in his tight trousers. It was enough to make me blow my load just by looking at him. 

I had finally finished my exams and had volunteered to show A level students around the university one last time. I figured I was getting paid for easy work and I'd get to see a few of my friends before they went home before graduation. There were no other students there though. Just the prospective ones. Oh, and Mark. It was both my heaven and hell. I was doing everything in my power to stop from getting a boner and stuttering around with him. 

5 o'clock came and there was just me and Mark left. We grabbed a bunch of books from the tables and carried them up to his office. I dropped them on his desk and headed straight back towards the door, now with my hand inside my pocket trying to disguise my hard-on. 

"Take a seat, Jack," he said smoothly from across the room. "I need you to fill in your student payments form."

'Fuck,' I thought to myself, my 8" rock- hard dick now becoming more difficult to hide. Mark handed me the sheet and a pen from his desk and I started to fill in the form. I glanced up and he was undoing his tie, and slowly unbuttoning the top of his shirt. I bit my lip and brushed my hand over my cock through my trousers. I knew he wouldn't be able to see what I was doing from where he was. He carried on unbuttoning his shirt, until all I could see was his incredible naked torso. I looked back down and carried on filling in the form. 'He must just be changing to go home,' I thought to myself. I could see from the corner of my eye him walking around the room, closer to me. My heart was racing, he'd definitely be able to see my cock now. 

The door locked. I looked over towards him, still shirtless, with just a loose tie around his neck and his hand on the door knob.

"Jack?" He whispered. 

"Uh- yeah?" I stuttered back, him now moving closer towards me. 

"You're not my student anymore," he smirked. 

He grabbed his tie, put it around my neck and forced me up out of the seat, kissing me passionately. I could feel he hard body against mine. His bulge against my hard cock. He ripped open my shirt, his lips now on my neck, working their way slowly down my body. He undid my belt and threw it on the desk and pulled down my trousers until I was just stood there in my white CK briefs with my rock-hard dick showing through. He got on his knees and licked his way slowly along my shaft through my briefs, teasing me until I felt like I was about to explode. He pulled them down fast, my dick hitting him straight on the cheek. He looked up at me smiling, flicking his tongue against the head of my cock. I could've exploded right there and then. He started to work his way around my dick with his lips. his right hand firmly gripped around the base, rapidly jacking me off simultaneously. I forced him up to stop from finishing early and pushed him against the wall. 

I couldn't wait to have his dick in my mouth. I felt his tight arse, licked my way down his body and pulled down his trousers, revealing his semi in his boxers. I pulled them down immediately. I licked around his thighs, teasing him like he did me. I could feel his semi against my cheek slowly getting harder. His breathing started to get heavier. I knew he couldn't handle me not sucking his cock for much longer. He grabbed his dick and put it towards my mouth. Still not completely erect,I took it in my mouth and it instantly became incredibly hard. I grabbed his arse with both my hands, deep throating his 9" dick, gagging. He started to moan louder now. He grabbed my hair and started to face fuck me. Harder and harder. He pulled his big dick out of my mouth and hit me across the face with it. 

"I wanna fuck you," he said, breathlessly. "Bend over my desk, boy."

I didn't hesitate. It was an order. I could feel his tongue now rimming me, with him slowly sliding a finger in my hole. 

"Fuck you're tight," he said, him now forcing a second finger inside me. 

He pulled out and I immediately felt the large head of his cock against my hole. 

"Ready?" I could hear him slightly laughing at that, knowing I was in for a rough time.

"Fuck me, sir" I replied, now biting my bottom lip. 

I could feel his hard dick slowly slipping inside my tight arse, his hands on my tights. I let out a loud moan and he pushed deeper and deeper inside me until he was all the way in. I very rarely bottom and had never had such a long, thick dick inside me. He started to pick up the pace. Harder and harder. I was screaming both in paid and ecstasy. He spanked my arse.

"Fuck me harder," I moaned. I couldn't get enough. He would pull his dick completely out and force it all the way in again causing my entire body to clench and me to moan in pain, which would turn him on even more. He pulled out and forced me on my back on his desk, his hands on my ankles, spreading my legs. I watched his dick force its way into my hole. He was pounding me harder than before, my legs now on his shoulders with him kissing me and twisting my nipples causing a rush down my body. I could see the sweat dripping off his body. He started to wank me off, still fucking me hard. Forcing his thick dick all the way in and out at an intense speed. I couldn't take it anymore and he knew that. He carried on fucking me, still wanking me off and my dick throbbing in his tight grip. I came all over my body, but he never stopped fucking me. He rubbed his fingers through the pools of cum and licking it off, smiling. I could barely take his dick anymore. He pulled all the way out, forced me down on my knees off the desk and I carried on wanking him off. 

"Suck it," he ordered, his dick now throbbing in my mouth. He let out an intense moan and shot his load in my mouth, pulled out and carried on finishing across my face. I was drenched in his cum. I swallowed what was in my mouth. He knelt down, licked the cum around my lips and kissed me hard. He stood up putting his shirt back on. "We're doing this again soon," he panted. 

I wiped my hand across my face, licking the rest of his cum off my fingers, "definitely."