 Reader Warning: Over the course of several chapters this story will contain cuckoldry, forced-bi, male chastity, humiliation, and other female domination themes. These kinks are not for everyone; if you do not enjoy FemDom themes you will not enjoy this story.

*

A week had passed since Colin had sucked his first cock in the glory hole. Veronica had held him in chastity the entire time since, not allowing him to masturbate at all, though she forced him to watch straight porn every night. The chastity device prevented any arousal, of course, and Colin wondered what the point of watching porn was if he couldn't achieve an erection. When he asked Veronica about it, she simply told him it was part of his ambiguous 'training'. Colin had no idea what she meant but assumed it was part of her demands of sexual obedience. He really didn't mind; Colin received a thrill from the thought of being someone's sexual possession, especially a woman as attractive as his step-mother. The only downside was the chastity device, but even that loss of control was exciting to Colin in a deeply submissive way he had trouble admitting.

When Colin awoke on Saturday morning, with barely a week of obedience to go before Veronica would allow him to have sex with her, he was wearing a pair of panties over the chastity cage encasing his penis. It allowed him to urinate, which he did before wandering downstairs towards the kitchen. Colin didn't bother putting any other clothes on. With his dad away there was no point in concealing his panties; Veronica often would forbid him from wearing anything else, regardless.

Usually Veronica was up long before he was, but Colin saw no sign of her in the kitchen. He walked down a hallway towards her bedroom to see if she was awake, but heard odd noises along the way. It was Veronica's voice Colin heard; she was grunting and gasping as though in pain... or pleasure. Creeping to the partially open doorway of the bedroom, Colin peeked around the corner. He was treated to the sight of his step-mother on her bed with a bald, muscular black man laying over her. He appeared to be in his late twenties and had what looked like a massive penis.

"Your cock is so fucking big," Veronica was gasping. "I fucking love your cock so much."

Colin froze against the door frame and watched as the man slowly worked his hips back and forth, taking his time with prolonged, deep thrusts. The scene was intensely arousing and Colin began to grow erect after a few moments of voyeurism, which was a problem. The chastity cage prevented any growth from his cock and he suddenly doubled over in pain.

Both Veronica and her lover heard Colin's muffled gasp and saw the panty-clad teen in the doorway clutching at his groin.

"What the fuck?" the man paused between Veronica's legs. "Is that the guy from the glory hole last week? Is he your boyfriend?"

Veronica disengaged from her lover and slipped out from beneath him, "He's not my boyfriend; he's my step-son." She rushed towards a dresser, where her necklace containing Colin's chastity key was resting. She felt bad that he was in such pain, a strange maternal emotion hastening her actions.

The black man remained kneeling on the bed, "Your step-son?" He laughed, "What the hell is he doing in women's underwear, he some kind of pussy?"

Veronica hurried towards Colin. "Leave him alone," she said to the man, protective. "He's just submissive. Come here, Colin. Let me get your cage off."

Colin felt immediate relief as Veronica pulled his panties down and unlocked the chastity cage, gently removing the confining thing. "Wh-what are you doing?" he asked. "Who is that?"

"That's Tony," Veronica answered quietly. "He's the man from the sex shop last week. You sucked his cock."

Colin's eyes widened and his cheeks flushed with embarrassment, "What is he doing here?"

"After you sucked his cock I gave him my number," Veronica replied casually. "He came over late last night, after you fell asleep."

"What about dad?"

"Don't worry about that right now," Veronica instructed. "Take your panties off and go sit in the corner."

Tony's brow lifted curiously as he listened to the conversation.

Colin glanced at a chair situated in a corner on the far side of the bedroom, "Wait... what? You want me to -?"

"Go sit down," Veronica repeated. "I want you to watch. Tony is a real man with a real cock, and this is something you should see."

"Damn," Tony remarked. "This is some kinky shit."

"I'm not sure about this," Colin whispered so only Veronica could hear. "I'm embarrassed."

Veronica lifted an affectionate hand to Colin's cheek, "Don't worry, I won't let him tease you. You belong to me and I will always protect you."

Colin blinked with surprise at Veronica's strange demeanor. She had never behaved so nicely prior to that moment. She behaved almost... motherly.

"It's okay," she assured him. "Go sit down and watch him fuck me. You can jerk off if you want to."

"O-okay," Colin finally agreed, though he was still apprehensive. He moved towards the chair in the corner.

"Your kid is going to watch us?" Tony asked. "Bitch, do you have any idea how fucked-up that is?"

"Don't worry about him," Veronica said, returning to the bed. "Your only job is to stick that gigantic cock back into me."

Tony shrugged and maneuvered himself over Veronica as she lay back down on the bed. He wasn't about to turn down someone as fine as Veronica, even if it meant letting Colin see the action.

As Colin watched the couple resume their lovemaking, he was filled with confusion. He was bewildered by Veronica defending him from Tony's teasing and claiming that he belonged to her. Veronica went out of her way to humiliate Colin whenever she could, why would she suddenly start acting protective? And why would she stand up for him, only to turn around and humiliate him by making him sit and watch another man have sex with her? It didn't make any sense to poor Colin.

"That's it," Veronica moaned as Tony slid his length back into her. She wrapped her ankles around the tops of his muscular thighs, "God, your cock feels amazing."

Jealousy filled Colin as Veronica writhed with pleasure beneath Tony, gasping at every slow thrust of the man's nine-inch cock. But Colin was also aroused, and his own four-inch erection was poking up from between his legs.

Veronica turned her head to look sideways towards her step-son, "Go ahead and touch yourself, Colin. Jack off while you watch the big black man fuck me."

Tony kept grabbing and squeezing Veronica's breasts as he worked his length in and out of her, making slow love. But she wasn't paying attention to him, staring instead towards Colin. She watched as her step-son grabbed his little cock and began to gently stroke it.

"That's it," Veronica encouraged. "Jerk yourself off for me, honey. He's fucking me so good. His cock is incredible. It's so long and thick, over twice as big as your little dick. This is what women want, Colin. They want to get fucked by a big cock like Tony's, not a little thing like yours."

Colin winced at the stinging comments. He again tried to fathom how Veronica could be so protective of him in one moment but then humiliate him in the next. Even scarier to Colin was how hard it made his cock. Somewhere in the buried depths of his soul, her humiliation aroused him more than any other single thing.

"That's why you're so gay," Veronica continued telling him. Her words were humiliating but her tone gentle, "You know you could never please a woman, your cock is too small. Deep down you must realize you'll only be able to please men; by sucking their cocks and letting them fuck you in the ass."

Colin groaned at Veronica's dirty talk and began pumping his cock with swift, firm strokes.

"Your son is gay?" Tony wondered quietly, rolling his hips between Veronica's legs.

She glanced up at him and nodded.

"Makes sense, he sure sucked my cock good, last week."

Veronica smiled proudly and whispered, "He's still in denial, but we're working on it."

As he stroked himself, Colin realized he was staring at Tony's glistening cock as he slid it in and out of Veronica. He blinked and tried to focus on something else, like her wobbling breasts or the curve of her hips, but his eyes kept returning to Tony's massive length of manhood. He remembered what it felt like to suck on it and also began to imagine what it would feel like to have such a monstrous thing penetrating his ass.

Colin's fantasies were suddenly interrupted by Veronica's loud moans.

"Oh my god," she clutched Tony's shoulders. "OH GODDDDD. Harder! Fuck me harder and make me cum."

Tony sped up, his own breathing growing rapid.

Veronica began writhing in orgasm beneath Tony, her voice issuing a single long guttural moan.

"I'm gonna cum too," Tony grunted.

"No," Veronica gasped. "No, don't cum inside me."

"Where...?" Tony wondered urgently.

"Him," Veronica pointed towards Colin. "Shoot your cum all over him."

Colin stopped stroking and his eyes widened in shock.

Tony pulled out of Veronica and looked towards Colin, "Get over here."

Colin hesitated.

"Come on," Veronica instructed. "Let him shoot your cum on you. Hurry up, honey."

Not knowing what else to do, Colin scrambled out of the chair and dropped to his knees beside the bed.

Tony pivoted, aiming his throbbing erection towards Colin, "Jack me off, kid. Jack off my big dick and take my load."

Colin glanced towards Veronica, unsure. She nodded her assent, encouraging him.

Licking his lips, Colin lifted a tentative hand and gripped Tony's thick member.

"That's it," Tony prodded him. "Stroke my big cock, fag. Jerk me off onto your face."

Colin shuddered when Tony called him a fag, the humiliating comment turning him on. He began to stroke Tony's cock with rapid, squeezing strokes. He wanted to make the magnificent cock in his hand cum. He wanted to give it pleasure.

"Oh fuck," Tony grunted, his cock beginning to pulse. "Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum all over this little faggot."

Veronica was rubbing her clit furiously as she watched Tony orgasm. His cock heaved several arcing ropes of cum through the air to land with splattering results across Colin's face. Colin kept stroking Tony's cock, coaxing out several wads in all, each of which landed across his cheeks and brows. The semen immediately began sliding across Colin's face, hanging and dripping in copious amounts.

The wet heat decorating his face was overwhelming to Colin. He gripped Tony's cock tightly, feeling each pulsing heave as the man's cum shot out. Colin's own cock erupted without stimulation, his semen leaking out onto the carpeted floor in an embarrassing display of arousal.

Barely recovered from her orgasm, Veronica slipped off the bed to kneel beside Colin on the floor. She glanced to his mess on the carpet, "Oh my, did you cum?"

Colin nodded shyly, "I couldn't help it. I'm sorry."

Veronica was comforting, "It's okay. But you know the rules. Every time you orgasm we need to feed you some cum. Here, sweetie, let me help you." She began gathering the semen from Colin's face onto her fingers, "We don't want to waste any of this."

Colin instinctively parted his lips and licked the pungent fluid off her fingers. She wiped more off his cheeks and fed it to him.

"God damn," Tony snorted, watching. "You two are one fucked up pair."

Colin glanced at Tony with nervous eyes, his cheeks turning red with shame.

"Don't worry about him," Veronica said as she gathered the last of Tony's cum and fed it to her step-son. "You did well, Colin. I'm so proud of you. Why don't you put your panties back on and go upstairs? I'll be up in a while."

Colin nodded wordlessly and rose to his feet. He was too stunned by what had just happened to do anything other than what Veronica told him.

 =====