 Colin stood in front of the toilet relieving himself through the opening at the tip of his chastity cage. He was growing used to its weight and presence, finding less discomfort from the device every day. He was happy it was Saturday and he didn't have to go to school; Colin wondered what his step-mother had in store for him, as their sexual activities were often elevated during the weekend.

Not that weekdays were uneventful; the week prior, when Colin would return from school in the afternoon, Veronica usually had tasks for him. She would begin by instructing Colin to watch pornography on his computer while wearing his cock cage. It was always straight porn, between a man and a woman, or a video of attractive lesbians. Colin quickly grew indifferent to the pornography since his chastity device prevented an erection. If he did grow erect, the discomfort and pain quickly eliminated any amorous feelings he might have had towards the pornography. Far more pleasurable was when Veronica would release him from chastity and allow him to masturbate to videos of gay pornography between two or more men.

Another added element Colin enjoyed was the vibrator she introduced. Each night before he went to bed Veronica would have him on his hands and knees so she could insert the buzzing device into his anus and use it to massage his prostate. The pleasure he felt from that treatment was immeasurable and he looked forward to it every evening. With the vibrator, Veronica had trained his penis to ejaculate without stimulation. Colin's cock would simply begin heaving his semen out when the pleasure grew intense enough, draining his scrotum completely of any male-essence. Veronica began catching his cum in a glass, forcing Colin to drink it immediately afterwards, telling him 'sissy fags shouldn't have cum in their balls, it should be in their stomachs'.

Colin had become so consumed by his dominant step-mother that he rarely thought of anything else, forgetting entirely the arrangement between them. She had promised Colin he could have sex with her if he obeyed her for an entire month, but Veronica had him addicted to a steady diet of humiliation and gay-sex fantasy. Sex with a female simply wasn't on Colin's mind. He wanted to watch gay porn. He wanted to feel stimulated in his ass. He wanted to swallow semen. Colin's every waking moment was spent with his mind contemplating if he was gay or not, or if he even cared.

But Veronica hadn't forgotten about their deal.

She was waiting in Colin's bedroom when he returned from the bathroom, lying on his bed in her favorite skimpy robe. "Good morning," she greeted him, her sexy bared legs crossed at the ankles.

"Hey," Colin smiled, surprised to find her waiting. He hoped it was because she wanted him to masturbate or to have a session with the vibrator.

"Come here," Veronica slid to the edge of Colin's bed, retrieving his chastity key from around her neck.

Colin grew anxiously excited. Veronica only released him from chastity when she had erotic intentions.

"You've been so wonderfully submissive to me," she commented, working the lock open. "When we made our deal I never thought you would last a whole month."

Colin blinked, "Wait, has it been...?"

Veronica slid the chastity device off Colin's penis, "Yep, today marks one month." She rose to set the cage aside and shed her robe, letting it fall to the floor and exposing her naked form. "And a promise is a promise."

Viewing her naked body, Colin watched as she lay back down on the bed. Veronica had the tanned body of a porn star, every bit as sexy as the women Colin had watched on internet videos.

"I can't promise I'll get into it," Veronica warned, lifting her knees and spreading her legs. "Your dick is pretty small, but you can do whatever you want with me; hump yourself into me, play with my tits, or whatever."

Though her tone wasn't cruel, Colin blushed at the humiliating comment about his size. He approached the bed wondering how he could have possibly forgotten what day it was. He had performed an endless amount of degrading tasks for Veronica to earn the right to have sex with her -- a month's worth of teasing, humiliation, and embarrassment. Everything he had gone through was so he could finally lose his virginity with a woman. And what a woman! Veronica was perfect, her body a gloriously beautiful example of feminine sex. There was just one small problem.

Colin wasn't erect.

Veronica gave him an expectant look, "Hurry up, sweetie. They're having a sale at the mall and I was hoping to squeeze some shopping in before lunch."

"I... I..." Colin stammered, looking down at his limp stub of a penis.

"What's the matter?" Veronica looked to him.

Colin felt a surge of panic, "I don't know." He tried pulling and tugging at his penis, looking at Veronica's exposed vagina, but he felt no arousal at all. "I think something's wrong with me."

Veronica pushed up on her elbows and saw her step-son's limp state. She asked in an innocent tone, "Don't I turn you on?"

"Of course you do," Colin was growing frustrated. "I-I don't know what's happening!"

"This is a one-time offer," Veronica reminded him. "I mean, if you can't even get it up for me...."

"Oh god," Colin backed away from the bed until his shoulder blades bumped against a bedroom wall, as though suddenly afraid of his step-mother. Realization suddenly flooded over him as he recalled all the times Veronica forced him to watch straight porn with his chastity device on. For three weeks, every time Colin was aroused by something involving a naked woman, his erection was suppressed and caused him pain. It was conditioning, he suspected. Veronica had been training him to associate arousal towards women with pain. That explained why she would allow him to masturbate and cum to gay porn, but nothing else.

Veronica slid forward on the bed as Colin retreated away from her, "It's okay, honey. There's nothing wrong with you, other than the fact that you're gay."

Colin shook his head adamantly.

"It's true," she argued against his denial. "But you don't have to be afraid. It's okay to be gay."

"You did this to me," he accused. "You planned it all along. My cage... the pornography..."

"Oh, sweetie," Veronica rose from the bed and pulled her robe on, "All I've done is try to help you."

"Stay away from me," Colin warned as she approached.

"Don't be afraid." Veronica's expression was disarming, "I love you."

Colin blinked with surprise. "Wh-what?" Veronica had never said those words to him before.

"Honey, I love you. I know we had a rocky start to our relationship, but I've grown to care for you so much over these past weeks. I'm your mother now, I love you, and I only want you to be happy. I want you to be gay and happy."

Colin was so horribly confused, "I don't want to be gay. You said it yourself; you tell me all the time - I'm not a real man if I'm gay."

"You're not a real man," Veronica confirmed, though her tone wasn't cruel. "You're a sissy with a small penis. You want to suck on cocks and swim in male jizm. But that's okay, Colin. The world needs sissy fags to help us girls take care of all the men out there with big alpha cocks. The sooner you realize and accept what you are, the happier you'll be. I'll help you. I'll find all kinds of cocks for you to suck, and if you want another sissy to become your boyfriend I'll help you find one. We'll find you the cutest boy we can, someone with a small penis like yours, and the two of you can become faggot lovers and do all sorts of gay things together."

"I'm not gay," Colin protested feebly, "I can't be."

Veronica smirked at his denial and looked downward, towards his crotch.

His eyes followed hers. Colin winced at his erection, his arousal betraying him. He couldn't help it. Veronica's dirty-talk turned him on.

"Do you want my pussy?" Veronica asked. "I'll lie back down right now and you can hump your little dick into me all morning long if you want. Or... would you rather I call a male prostitute and have him come over tonight?"

Colin's brow rose, "Are you serious?"

"I'd do anything to make you happy, sweetheart." Veronica closed the gap between them and cupped Colin's cheeks in her palms. "I know a couple of guys I could call. I'd even pay for it. You could have sex with another man tonight, if you want. It's your choice, Colin, but you can't have both. You can have sex with me, or you can have gay sex with a guy."

Colin fretted indecisively.

"Do you want pussy?" Veronica looked him in the eye. "Or do you want cock?"

"I-I...." Colin stammered; his expression was pained from confusion.

"What do you want, Colin? What turns you on? Is it pussy? Or do you get turned-on at the thought of hot faggot sex?"

"...I don't want pussy..." he murmured quietly.

Veronica smiled with triumph, "You want cock, don't you?"

Colin bit his lip and nodded.

"Are you gay, Colin?"

He hesitated.

Veronica pressed him, "Colin, are you gay?"

"I-I think so," he whispered.

"Do you want to have sex with men?" Veronica demanded a more definitive answer.

"Yes," Colin replied.

"Do you want to suck cock and get fucked in the ass?"

Colin gasped with need, his erection twitching. "Yes...!"

"Are you a faggot, Colin? Hmm? Are you gay? Tell me! Are you gay, Colin?"

"Yes!" he blurted out loudly. "I'm gay!" His eyes closed at the realization flooding over him, "Oh god, I'm so gay...."

Veronica smiled triumphantly, "I'm proud of you!" She kissed his cheek, "Let's celebrate by finding you a man to make love to, okay?"

"Y-you're really serious about that?"

"Absolutely," Veronica beamed. "I told you I'll help you find lots of cock, and I will." She glanced down at his crotch, where Colin's four-inch erection was pointing towards the ceiling, "Do you want to jerk off right now?"

"Yes," he admitted softly.

"Go ahead," Veronica granted. She moved towards Colin's bedside stand, "Lie down on your bed."

Colin relaxed against the headboard and stretched his slender legs out.

Veronica handed him a bottle of lotion, "Here, make sure you lubricate." She watched as Colin applied a generous amount of the lotion along his stubby length and began to stroke. "Think about cock," she instructed, standing sternly at the bedside. "Think about cock when you rub your little penis. That's what your cock likes, Colin. It likes it when you think about naked men and gay sex. Your little penis likes other cocks; that's what turns your penis on."

Colin closed his eyes as he listened to Veronica talk dirty to him. He adored the way she teased him about being gay; it aroused him more than any amount of pornography. He still didn't understand the reasons behind his love of humiliation, but it didn't matter to Colin any longer. He simply knew that it excited him sexually.

"Your cock knows how small it is," Veronica continued. "It knows it's too puny to ever offer any pleasure to a woman, so now it gets turned on by men. You have a gay cock, Colin. And if you doubt me just consider what's happening right now: instead of losing your virginity to a sexy woman, you're beating off to thoughts of having faggot sex."

Colin whimpered with arousal at the stinging truth behind his step-mother's words.

"You'll never have sex with a woman," she told him. "Your penis can't even get hard for a woman, anymore. No woman will ever want to have sex with you, anyway. You're too small and most women can spot a faggot like you from a mile away. Women don't want to be with boys like you. A man who sucks on another man's cock isn't a real man -- he's a submissive, sissy faggot. And you've already proven that's what you are. You're a cocksucker, Colin. You've sucked a cock. You've jerked off a man and allowed him to cum all over your face. Real men don't do that. Real men want pussy. But you... I've taught you to only want cock."

"It's true," Colin cried out as he pumped his hand rapidly. "Oh god," he gasped, "I want cock. I want cock so bad!"

Veronica leaned close to whisper, "I know you do. That's because you're gay. You've always been gay, Colin. You just haven't had anyone to be gay with. You needed me to show you the way. You needed a woman to make you realize your urges were meant to be; to realize pussy is off-limits to a fag like you. That's why I only let you jerk off to gay porn. I taught you to be what you were always meant to be: a faggot homo who only wants sex with men."

Loud, aroused breathing poured out of Colin's mouth. He was frantically jerking himself off and could feel the heat of an orgasm begin to boil in his scrotum.

"You will never know what a pair of breasts feels like in your hands. You will never experience the warmth of a hot pussy surrounding your penis. The only thing you will ever know is the swell of a cock as it fills your faggot mouth, and the heat of another man's cum as he humps it into your ass."

Colin cried out and a jet of his semen sprayed out across his torso in the form of a long rope. He pumped his hand swiftly, beads of cum ejecting one after the other, until his stomach became covered in several small puddles of the white goo.

Veronica watched patiently until the last of his pleasure gurgled out from the tip of his cock. She scooped up some of the warm fluid onto the tips of two of her fingers, lifting the cum to Colin's mouth. "Taste yourself," she commanded gently. He willingly sucked himself off her hand and she gathered up more of the stuff, "This is what it tastes like to be gay, Colin. Male semen belongs inside your tummy, so you can digest it and make yourself even gayer."

He said nothing as Veronica fed him every drop of his own semen. He simply licked it off her fingers, swallowing it down. Everything she had said was true, he knew. He was gay. She had helped make him that way. His own step-mother had conditioned him to be gay.

"You're a good boy," Veronica smoothed a hand over the top of his head, through Colin's mop of dark hair.

"I l-love you," Colin suddenly blurted, staring into Veronica's gorgeous eyes. "I-I Like being your son. I like belonging to you. Just because our deal is over, I don't want that to stop. Please? I love you so much, you're my mommy and I want to be a good gay boy for you."

Veronica smiled warmly. That was the most open Colin had ever been with her. "I love you too," she rubbed the backs of her fingers against his cheek. "But you can't stay with me forever, sweetie. One day you'll find a great guy with a gigantic cock, and then you'll belong to him. You'll suck his cock whenever he wants and every night when the two of you go to bed, he'll butt-fuck you and grope your naked body until he shoots his love into you."

Colin shuddered with uncontrollable desire at the very idea of what Veronica was suggesting.

=====

Hours later, when she heard the doorbell ring, Veronica hurried excitedly to the door. "Hi Jason," she greeted brightly, giving the man a delicate hug.

Jason appeared to be in his mid-to-late twenties, similar in age to Veronica, with short brown hair and blue eyes. He was well-tanned with a body toned by fitness. "Hey, Veronica. You're looking good."

Veronica was wearing nothing except one of her husband's tee shirts, her sexy legs entirely bare. "Thanks, doll. You too, are you still working at the club?"

"Yep," he stepped inside when Veronica invited him with a gesture.

"I was happy to hear you're still escorting," Veronica winked.

"Well, I was happy you called. Being a personal trainer is great, but it doesn't pay the best -- you know?"

Veronica led him into the kitchen where she found her purse on a counter. She removed ten crisp hundred dollar bills and offered them, "Here's a thousand. It's going to be money well spent, hon. You can stay for a couple hours, right?"

"Sure," Jason pocketed the money into his tight jeans, "So who's this guy? 'Colin' did you say his name was?"

"Yeah," Veronica smiled happily. "He's my son."

An expression of surprise blossomed across Jason's face, "Uh, your son?"

Veronica nodded, "Well, step-son. He's really submissive, a total bottom, and he's pretty inexperienced. I've done as much as I could to prepare him for you though, and he's completely gay. He's going to love you. I'd really like him to have a 'boyfriend-experience', but with you as the top."

"Okay," Jason grinned. He thought the situation sounded odd, but he remained willing.

"I want to be with you guys," Veronica continued to explain. "To watch -- nothing more. And to guide Colin. I like to humiliate him a little but don't worry because he really likes it."

Jason shrugged, "Sure, that sounds fine."

"Colin?" Veronica called towards the upstairs stairway. "Could you come down here, sweetie? Jason's here."

When Colin arrived from his bedroom, his cheeks were filled with a shy shade of red. Veronica made it clear what he was to wear when he met Jason, which was nothing more than a tight pair of pink bikini panties with a lacy waistband. "Um, hi," he greeted shyly, the outline of his small shaft appearing as a bump in the front gusset of his bikini panties.

"Wow," Jason chuckled. "You look really cute, Colin."

"Let's go to the living room," Veronica suggested. "That way you two can be comfortable and get to know one another." She gestured for the boys to lead the way. When they entered the living room she patted Colin's panty-clad bottom and instructed him to sit down on the couch. Jason sat down next to him, while Veronica chose a loveseat on the other side of the room.

Colin shifted nervously, unsure of what he should do.

Jason sensed his apprehension and placed a gentle hand on Colin's knee, "Is this your first time?"

"S-sort of," Colin looked down at Jason's hand, goose bumps decorating his skin at the subtle touch.

"Colin has sucked a cock," Veronica offered helpfully, crossing her shapely bare legs at the knee.

"Don't worry," Jason said, pulling his shirt off to reveal a hairless, toned torso. "I think you look really sexy and I can't wait to be with you."

"R-really?" Colin asked, his eyes moving to Jason's chest.

"Absolutely," Jason leaned in, placing his mouth on Colin's.

Colin had no idea how to react at first; he had never experienced a romantic kiss, with a woman or a man. But Jason's lips felt exciting against his and Colin let instinct take over. He moved his mouth like Jason did, especially enjoying it when Jason stuck his tongue into his mouth.

"Tonight I want to be your boyfriend," Jason whispered, licking Colin's upper lip and sliding closer on the couch. "Do you want to be my boyfriend?"

"Y-yes," Colin whispered back.

Veronica smiled, watching her son make out with another man. Jason was smoothing his hand across Colin's legs and torso and Veronica could see Colin's erection poking against his tight pink panties.

"Here," Jason broke their kiss, unfastening his pants. He lifted his ass and pushed the jeans off, his cotton briefs going with them. He bent forward to pull them off his ankles.

Colin sucked in his breath when he saw Jason's cock. It was lying lazily against Jason's thigh, cut and thick with a bulbous mushroom head. It was easily six inches long in its partially erect state and Colin could only guess how long it would grow to when Jason was erect.

"Go ahead," Veronica spoke up. "Jason is your boyfriend tonight, Colin. But he's much bigger than you, so he's the top. That means it's your job to service him. Go ahead and take care of your boyfriend."

Colin looked to his step-mother, wondering exactly what she expected of him.

"Take his cock," Veronica nodded towards Jason's lap. "Take it in your hand and put your lips around it. Make him erect."

With his heart beating like a jackhammer in his chest, Colin reached out and grasped Jason's cock. It felt soft at first but immediately responded to Colin's hand; it twitched and swelled as he rubbed its length in his circling grip. Colin marveled at the feeling of another man's cock growing erect; he stroked Jason lightly until he was holding a full-blown erection more than eight inches long. The shaft was like concrete and the crowning mushroom-head felt spongy-yet-firm. Unable to resist his temptations any longer, Colin bent over Jason's lap and put his lips around the beautiful example of manhood.
