 Hey guys, this is my first story here. I would appreciate feedback, both positive and negative comments are welcome. This story is set in the future and it has aliens, drugs, sex, and love in it. I am going to break it up into chapters so not every chapter will have sex in it; please keep that in mind. The later chapters are longer than the first few.

Enjoy, CassieJo <3

*************

Terry~

Shit. Shit shit shit shit SHIT! How did I get myself into this? That's all that I can think about right now. I suppose I could be thinking about things like, "Wow, that guy is kinda hot with all of those tattoos," or "Do all guys in prison look like this?" But no, I guess I'm a selfish person. I can only keep wondering how I got myself into this. 

Two Days Ago: September 17, 2211

Ugh, I think to myself, he showed no mercy last night, again. What was I expecting him to do, change just because it was my birthday? No, he wouldn't change, not for me. 

The man that I am talking about is Blake Ransom. He is a 25 year old intergalactic "salesman," meaning, he's a drug dealer and proud. He is a massive 6'3" and weighs 270 pounds of muscle.....and fat. I say he is massive, because he towers over my 5'4" frame by almost a foot and outweighs me by 140 pounds. At 22 years of age my dark brown hair still holds the natural highlights that it has had for as long as I can remember. My chocolate brown eyes inspect the damage that was done the night before. My lightly tanned skin is covered in cuts and bruises and a headache is raging behind my eyes. I should have known better. Why didn't I get out while I could? I questioned myself, remembering the events that lead to this outcome.

Blake is my current boyfriend. I like the taller, bigger, and more muscled guys because of the first man that I was ever with. Blake is, how can I put this nicely; Blake is "protective." He likes to know where I am, what I am doing, who I am with, and what time I will be back. Then, when I get back, he asks me the same questions, and if I did something that differs even slightly from what I told him, he slaps me. Don't get me wrong, I'm not a masochist, I hate pain, but he didn't start this way.

When we first started going out he was usually nice. He let me do what I wanted and treated me to anything I wanted. It started to go bad after about four months. It wasn't overnight or anything, just a slap here and there or a snide comment at some random moment. Then it started to escalate. He would come home stinking of alcohol and weed, beat me a little, fuck the shit out of me, and then repeat until it was morning. I was starting to get sick of it.

Tonight, I guess I should tell him that I'm moving out and leaving him, I said to myself. Crap, first I have to get to work. After that I can worry about tonight, I said as I notice the clock and throw on my work clothes.

After work I went straight home and looked around the house to see if he was back yet. When I saw that he wasn't, I set my plan into motion. Perfect! Now, hopefully, I can get most of my stuff out of the apartment and maybe even leave before he gets back! I was about three-fourths of the way done when he returned. He came into the bedroom and I smelled the air. 

Crap, I can't smell any alcohol, but he looks pissed off. Now Blake is scary as shit when drunk, but drunk pissed Blake doesn't hold a candle to sober pissed Blake.

"H-hi, babe. A-are you feeling o-okay," I asked to him trying not to sound afraid. Oh yea, very convincing, very convincing, I bet that he totally bought that. He knows you're up to something, I reasoned with myself.

"What are you doing Terry?" he asked. The dark circles under his eyes only add to his menacing look. He is the type of man whom you don't want to piss off. That is mainly because once you piss him off you are usually either killed or you are sent to a slave trader planet. Personally, I would rather be killed. Blake knew that which meant that he would sooner sell me to a slave planet someday. By the looks of it, it was going to be sooner rather than later.

"I-I think it's time that we....we....we" I couldn't get the last word out. Trying to break up with an abusive man who towers over me and outweighs me by almost 140 pounds was making me shake like a leaf. I felt like I was going to throw up any second now because of my nervousness for my future.

"You think it's time we what, little boy?" Blake asked as he stepped towards me. 

I gathered all remaining courage left in my mind, body, and soul to blurt out, "I think that we should JUST BREAK UP!!!"

BAM!! 

The world went black as his fist hit the right side of my head and the left side of my head made contact with the wall.

**************

Please stick with me. This is, as I said before, my first attempt at a story. I needed to lay some ground work before I could start the story. Please let me know what you think. 

Thanks a million, CassieJo <3