 Once again I would love to know what you guys think. The last story ended with Terry getting knocked out.

Enjoy, CassieJo <3

*************

I woke up to my throbbing head hitting the headboard on Blake's huge, king sized bed. "Oww," I tried to scream. However, the ball gag in my mouth made it sound like a moan. I realized why it kept hitting the headboard one second later. Blake was buried inside my hole brutally fucking me.

"Nice, to see that you are awake, slut," Blake spat out. "We are going to have lotsa fun now that your awake, aren't we?" An evil grin played around the corners of his mouth as he said that last line.

Whenever I was stressed I would argue with myself to try and figure out the best way to get out of a situation. However, even though this was one of those situations, I knew there was no getting out of it, but the argument still raged in my head.

Oh, shit, I thought to myself.

Ya think? The bastard is probably gonna do one of two things to you. Thing number one: he's gonna fuck your brains out. Thing number two: he's gonna fuck your brains out and then beat you. Thing number three: he's gonna fuck your brains out, beat you to death, and then fuck your dead corpse, my other side said. 

That was more than two things, I thought back, so fuck you.

Smirking, on the inside, since the ball gag wasn't going anywhere, my other half said, Oh, no need. Blake is trying to take care of that. 

Oh, was he ever. I am not quite sure where he had gotten the whip from, but one moment he was holding my shoulders and then the next thing that I know he pulled out a cat-o-nine tails. 

Shit, was the only thinkable word at that moment. With his six inch cock still pounding away at my asshole at my sore ass he started whipping my back. He moaned every time the whip made contact with my skin because my entire body tensed up. Each lash felt like a razor blade going across my already sore body.

After what seemed like thousands of lashings later he flipped me over onto my back. I started screaming into the gag when I realized what he wanted to do. He started whipping my chest, and just like my back, he started to draw blood. I wanted to pass out from the combined pain of him fucking my ass, my bloody back being rubbed against the sheets on the bed, and the lashes to my chest that were drawing more blood.

After another twenty lashings he stopped, but only so he could punch and slap me a few more times. "No one leaves me. You hear me you little fag? No one is gonna take even a second look at your nasty body," Blake said, the words dripping like venom from his mouth. "You're lucky I took you in, gave you a place to stay, a bed to sleep in, and food to eat. No, you aren't going to be getting away." With those words he started pounding his cock in and out of my abused hole even harder. Blake slapped me a few times when he tried to get my cock hard, and failed to do so. 

"If you know what's good for ya, little boy, I would suggest you get your little dick hard, NOW!!!" Blake spat out at me. 

In my mind I was thinking, Ok, you damn snake. I'm going to get off thinking about someone else. So FUCK YOU!!!! With that I started imagining him. I had lost my virginity when I had just turned 18. I mean when he entered my body the clock was chiming on the wall that it was now September 17. The man's name was Draco. To me he was the hottest thing on the planet. 

In my mind I started replaying that night from four years ago.

~~~~~ Draco was standing over me with an unnamable emotion in his gorgeous, mysterious, blue-green eyes. I swore that every time I looked at him, his eyes were a different color. Right now his eyes seem to be made of a whirlpool. The blues and greens were moving around in his eyes, inviting me closer to look at them. All of a sudden he slides down my body and takes me into his mouth. The heat and the feeling of his tongue cause me to almost pass out. 

"Oh, omigod, Draco, that's so good!!! I'm going to come if you don't stop," well, at least that's what I TRIED to say. What came out, was a little different, "Omigod, ohhhhhhh ummmmmmm Coming!!!!" As I was saying that he pushed a lubed up finger up my hole and started searching for my prostate; and he found it. Oh, did he ever find it! He started working my little jewel over as I started coming, and coming. I let go of so much come that I was pretty sure that I was going to lose the white parts of my eyes pretty soon.

Once I had stopped coming, Draco sat up and licked his lips and fingers. Oh my god!!! He is sooo HOT!!!!! I thought to myself. My other half, for once, had a brilliant idea, Try and do it for him too. So I did. Try that is. However, I realized that he still had his pants on, so I started to unbuckle them. 

"Does my little angel want a taste too?" Draco asked me. I nodded my head and he slid his designer jeans down, before I could rip them off. My mouth fell open. He was HUGE!

I was not expecting anything as amazingly large as what Draco showed me when his pants hit the ground. His cock had to be around nine inches long and incredibly thick. 

I was an 18 year old that had a six inch cock and had only seen smaller ones at my Earth school.

I licked my lips at the sight of Draco naked. His cock matched the rest of him perfectly. He stood at 6'3", had a wide chest and back, wash board abs, and had tree trunks for legs. His ears were pointed, kind of like elf ears from Earth mythology. However, he was from Shiar'cata, a planet two solar systems away from Earth.

I reached forward and grabbed his long manhood and brought my mouth to it to pay it homage. I licked the slit and sucked gently on the head, making him moan in satisfaction. Then, I grasped the base of his organ and pushed myself down as far as I could until I felt him near my throat. I had never tried to pleasure anything this massive before, so I gagged a little bit. I relaxed my throat and let a large pool of saliva build up in my mouth. Then I slid my mouth all of the way down his massive pole so that my nose was in his bush.

"Oh, yes, my little angel. Just like that," Draco groaned. He picked me up with ease and turned me so that my butt was towards his face.

"Woah," what I gasped, as he suddenly started rimming me. Oh my god, it felt so good. I started pushing my hole against his tongue, loving every second of it. Then he started fingering my ass again. This man is a pro!! crossed my mind along with a few moans. Draco chuckled and told me to get on my hands and knees.

He told me to relax as he brought his lubed cock to my hole and started to push in. It hurt a lot but there was something else. He kept pushing and pushing, and I was finding it hard to breath. 

He suddenly asked, "Is this your first time?" 

I bashfully answered, "Yes, I'm sorry, is it un-pleasurable for you?"

"No, little angel. It is very, very pleasurable for me. I should have readied you more for my entry though," he said with his expression softening. His eyes were completely green now. They were almost a glow in the dark, emerald green color. I became even hornier looking at them; if that was possible.

He started moving, hitting my hot spot with every stroke. It felt like he was almost hitting it when he was pulling out, just as hard as when he pushed into it! But I didn't care. No I was far beyond caring, or thinking, or doing anything except laying there and moaning. 

I could feel myself getting close to the edge. I looked into Draco's face and saw that it was shining. I touched it and it felt almost like scales; which somehow turned me on more. "I'm getting close, Draco," I almost screamed. "Come for me my little angel," he roared back as his own orgasm hit him. He came inside me as I blasted my come in between us. 

~~~~~~~~

As I came back from my memories, I realized that I had come in real life. This fact made Blake look very pleased with himself. Almost as if he had been the reason that I had come. My memories, and the promise that Draco had made to me in my sleep, were the only things keeping me living anymore.

"Ok, you little slut, here's what's going to happen from now on. You are going to go to work, come home, make dinner, satisfy me, go to sleep, wake up, and repeat. You got that, you little whore?" Blake snarled as his alien self started to show itself. I nodded my acceptance of this fate, even though at the first chance I was going to run away.

Blake's venomous snake teeth started to retract as he nodded off into sleep. You big, fat, fucking snake alien!!! You couldn't even untie my hands from over my head before you fall asleep, I roared in my head as my own consciousness started slipping away from me.

I woke up to a fist connecting with my left eye. "What did you just say, you little WHORE!?" were the words that Blake was saying after my ears stopped ringing. "Who the hell is this, Draco person? One of your little fuck buddies?" No answer was heard as he pulled out his whip and started using it as hard as his muscles would let him. The cuts from the night before reopened as new gashes were created on my skin. He continued to whip me until I was at the brink of consciousness. 

"Don't think that this is the end, you little bitch," Blake hissed out. "I will make you pay." With that he got up off of the bed, got dressed, and unlocked my hands. "Get your filthy self cleaned up and get to work." With that said he turned and left me crying and bleeding on the bed.

After I was sure he was gone, I got off the bed and gathered the bloodied sheets. I put them in the washer and then went to the shower to get the blood off of me. It burned when the water hit all of my open wounds but allowed some of the tension in my body to leave. I avoided using soap and patted myself dry before putting on my work clothes and heading out.

It finally returned to me what I had said. I had been dreaming that Draco was comforting me. I had said to him, "Please Draco, please come and save me." Apparently, I had said those words out loud.

"-ry, Terry!" I heard someone calling me out of the trance-like state that I had been in while thinking about last night and this morning's beatings and rapes. It was Jakob, my best friend on Earth for as long as I could remember. Jakob was a tall and big man. If we hadn't been best friends, I would have probably made a move on him already. 

"What's wrong Terry? And where did you get that black eye," Jakob asked as he dropped a pencil. Seeing as the fact that I was closer to the ground already, I bent over to pick up the pencil. "HOLY SHIT!!! Did that fucker whip you!?!?!?" Jakob gasped. I spun around, realizing too late that the shirt I was wearing always rode up when I bent over.

"Jakob, please forget what you just saw," I begged. I was not about to let my best friend be killed by an obsessed drug lord. "I'm trying to leave him, I swear. So please, please, Jakob, don't do anything stupid. OK?" 

"Fine, but let me know if you ever need anything. I'm always here for you, Te," Jakob said trying to comfort me.

"I know," I said, "I know."

I got off the bus, giving Jakob a smile to reassure him, but I knew he wasn't fooled. We had known each other far too long for him not to know when I was hurting. 

I walked up the stairs into my workplace. I work as a junior space traffic controller for the area around Earth. I just did menial tasks at first, but now they were letting me direct traffic on occasion. "Hey Terry, good to see you bo--. Oh My God!! What happened to your eye? No wait, scratch that, what happened to you?" my boss Nancy Soloan, a motherly type 42 year old woman, asked. "It looks like he lost a fight with a 426 crusier," Sadie Jolts, another junior like me, said.

"It's nothing," I said, trying to reassure them, "I got sort of drunk last night and picked a bad fight. Does anyone want some coffee from that new Galaxy High coffee place?" Ten hands went up as some of my other co-workers heard that last part about coffee. "Ok, I'll be right back. Don't blow yourselves up waiting." 

I got out the doors and about 20 feet away when I heard my cell going off.

"Hello," I said, wondering who it was. 

"Hey, slut," my blood ran cold.

"What do you want Blake?" 

His answer surprised me, "Well, I was thinking, I don't think that I could get much money for you on a slave planet because of how you look. So goodbye, bitch." 

He hung up as an explosion sounded behind me. It was my office building. I felt the piece of wood hitting me before I could even turn around. Then the world faded to black.

I woke up with a splitting side ache and looking down saw that my left side was covered in healing bandages that left no scars on the body. Then I realized that I had no clue as to where I was and that my hands were handcuffed to the side rails of the bed. I saw someone walking past my door and asked him to come in. 

"Where am I?" I asked

"You are in IGP1," he answered as if it was nothing. I paled at hearing that. Even I knew that Intergalactic Prison number 1 was no joking matter. That's were only the worst people went for the worst crimes.

"Why am I here?" I asked pressing my luck for answers.

"Because you are a terrorist of course," he said as he walked out of the room.

To Be Continued...

****************

Once again, please forgive any grammatical errors that I have made. I haven't been able to find anyone who wanted to be my editor yet. I am hoping to get the next chapter hammered out soon.

Thank you, CassieJo