 This morning Alex's texted me seeing if I wanted to go for a swim around lunch time. I was thinking of going for a short drive, walk along the beach, swim and grab some groceries on the way home but some laps with Alex sounded good and I wanted to hear what he was planning with Adam (his potential future boyfriend which I wrote about yesterday).

I replied: "I'm in, cya at midday."

Alex's triathlon thing is a 3.8km swim so we usually swim 1.9kms then break and swim the 2nd 1.9kms. We did this usual set which felt great, it is a gorgeous winters day here on the Aussie East Coast. When we were done we were in the water just getting our breath back. I asked Alex about Adam and he said that he was going for a run tonight with Adam and grabbing something to eat, maybe back at Adam's place.

But......

Alex told me that he has been unbelievably horny since kissing Adam and suggested we duck into the change rooms/showers.

I haven't done this for a while but I have definitely done this in the past. When I'm super worked up for a fuck, I will jerk off earlier that day so that I'm no so worked up and cum too quickly.

I think it was in the movie 'Something about Mary' but I'm sure people have been doing it since day dot. The only time I've jerked off on a plane was during an international flight to Colorado (stopping over in LA) and I was just soooo horny thinking about white Kip and I were going to get up to I had to go and relieve myself or I was a walking erection.

What I am saying is that I understand Alex wanting to 'unload' some of his sexual tension before his 'date' with Adam. Being the good friend that I am, I was happy to oblige Alex and told him I was happy to help.

There was only 2 other lanes being used at the pool so we weren't concerned about people being suspicious - we have done this probably 3 times before as well. We both got out of the pool and Alex already had a semi erection that his speedo was not concealing at all. Despite the lack of audience, Alex was pretty quick to wrap a towel around him when he got out of the pool.

Today I was wearing a pair of ADIDAS 3-stripe speedos, some of my all time favourite speedos, they just fit perfectly and Alex was wearing a pair of lycra speedo brand speedos that fit him perfectly. even though they were now stretching a little bit in the front.

We both acted very casual and headed towards the change rooms.

We both had cloths with us, Alex his work clothes and me a pair of jeans and a polo, so if anyone was watching us it wouldn't be too dodgy.

There was nobody else in the change rooms, Alex and I dropped our stuff and went into the disabled shower stall which is the biggest. We started making out furiously and Alex was 100% hard in no time, he might have been 100% hard before we even got into the change rooms.

I dropped to my knees.

Alex's back was on the wall and I rubbed the outside of his speedo a couple of times and then I pulled his cock out the leg of his speedos. He was 100% hard and I went to town on his cock.

While I prefer receiving a blowjob lying on my back or even on my knees, I find it easier to give a blowjob when I'm kneeling in front of the person. It frees us both of my hands, provides great access to the balls and pretty good access to the arsehole. My mouth and both of my hands were working their magic on Alex and he was right when he said he was super horny. He came really quickly, before I had even had a chance to start fingering him.

I took ever last drop of his man juice.

As you can imagine, by now I was 100% hard in my black ADIDAS speedos. Alex was pretty good at keeping his groaning quiet just in case someone walked into the change rooms.

I jerked off this morning so I didn't think I'd cum quickly from a blowjob and neither of us had brought condom and lube so after I tucked Alex's, still pulsing cock, back into his speedos I stood up and started kissing him. I pulled my cock out of the leg of my speedos and Alex didn't need an invitation to start rubbing my balls. After 30 seconds I was already lasting longer than Alex and I grunted to him to finger me.

It was Alex's finger in my butt, not a lot of it but just that sensation that put me over the edge as I jerked myself off.

Talk about wham-bam-thank-you-mam.

I tucked myself back in and we both shared the shower to clean ourselves off. I can't tell you guys enough just how hot Alex looks when he is wearing speedos. Just sensational.

I hope I did my part for Alex to have a good date tonight, I will be sure to let you guys know how it goes.