 Dr. Russ Waddell had been a practicing physician for almost twenty years now. But his current position was by far and away his favorite. He was the school physician for an all-male prep school. These students had all graduated high school but either lacked the grades or the academic exposure to be admitted to a four year college. All students were basically between 18 and 20 years old. 

Dr. Waddell considered himself extremely lucky as he imagined nothing in this world better than to fondle young male bodies and get paid for it. Paid quite nicely actually, especially since he didn't have to pay malpractice insurance. The school paid for that. 

Dr. Waddell's acting on his fantasies had taken baby steps over the years he'd been at the school. His very first year he was overjoyed to conduct constant physicals as many students moved from sport to sport. But as he was a new hire, his exploits didn't get to happen until he was 2-3 years into his tenure. It was then that he began to use his hands as a MRI machine, running it up and down the backs, chests and legs of finely conditioned young men. He was able to make the majority of these inspections with the young men fully nude. They didn't seem to care as they shared a large locker room and community shower area. Nudity was nothing to them. 

Dr. Waddell decided he'd try first to find a first year student, one whom had perhaps not a lot of medical exposure during his teen years. Most of these young men were from small towns, where a sports physical wasn't much more than listening to a heartbeat. He found one such student, a smaller guy who was trying to gain a wrestling scholarship. He was thin but slightly taller than most wrestlers his weight class had. He was about 5' 8", blonde hair, green eyes and what appeared to be very little body hair on him at all. 

He had talent, he just didn't have grades. Thus the prep school. His name was Todd Bishop. He wrestled in the 132lb class, so he wasn't a large young man at all. Nor was he muscular as others in his weight class. He was taller, more slender. His physique lent itself to sinewy strength, which also was helped him as a track runner. 

Todd came in for his first physical about the time Dr. Waddell decided to get a touch more aggressive on his fantasies. Todd was escorted into the doctor's exam room and the receptionist closed the door behind her. The school had no nurse, so the doctor always got to get the young men alone and nude. 

Dr. Waddell was sitting on his exam stool when Todd came in and dropped his stuff on the counter. "Please strip and place your clothes on the counter as well" said Dr. Waddell. 

Dr. Waddell thought it interesting that young Todd kept facing him as he began to remove his clothing. The doctor thought surely he'd turn as he got down to his underwear. Nope, Todd had his shirt and socks off by now. Still facing the doctor but looking at the floor, Todd unbuckled his belt, unbuttoned his 501 jeans. He slowly slid the hips of the pants down, still watching the floor. Dr. Waddell was watching Todd's crotch as the pants arrived at the "hell, yes" part of their journey. 

What the doctor wasn't quite prepared for was when Todd's dick sprang out from behind the jeans like a guest at a surprise party. Todd was going commando, so as soon as the jeans went down the dick came out. Dr. Waddell couldn't help himself as he gave a moderate gasp of equal surprise and excitement. Todd's dick was already in a semi flaccid state. While it was nicely formed and proportional, it was probably only going to be about 4" long when fully erect, Dr. Waddell surmised. He thought, "Hmmmm. This may offer some options I hadn't been able to try before?" Most notably was anal sex. Dr. Waddell had tried a couple of times but it felt like a shovel was being slammed into his ass. Still, he never gave up thoughts or hopes in getting his own ass nailed with a dick. 

As Todd stepped out of the pants, he looked over to the counter as he walked to it. Dr. Waddell got to watch Todd's ass muscles flex, tighten and relax as he walked. The Todd did another thing that surprised Dr. Waddell but delighted him as well.  

Todd spread his feet a bit wider than shoulder width and leans all the way over to the back of the counter to place his pants as close to the wall as possible. Todd's 18 year old wrestler's ass faced the doctor as Todd stretched over the counter, seemingly arranging his pants in a specific placement. Todd shifted from side to side, generating a nice movement in his legs and ass muscles. He then leaned as far as he could, almost coming up on tiptoe. Todd's ass cheeks parted just enough that Dr. Waddell could see Todd's butt hole. 

Dr. Waddell licked his lips as he wondered what that might taste and feel like. Thoughts began to spin around his head as he digested the wonderful sight in front of him, someone who seemingly had no objection at all in being fully nude. Not only fully nude, but Dr. Waddell almost sensed that young Todd wanted to be looked at, had to be looked at. Dr. Waddell took this thought and ran with it. 

"Stand up with your arms above your head, hands touching together." 

Todd moved into position, keeping his feet well apart. Dr. Waddell began to rub the skin on Todd's arms up and down their length, "checking for any abnormalities" said Dr. Waddell. The doctor began to rub both hands around Todd's neck, collarbone area and the front of his chest. He rubbed every single square millimeter of Todd's skin. Todd leaned his head back slightly, eyes closed as the doctor's hands kept their circular rubbing all across Todd's lower chest and down to his stomach. 

The doctor ran both hands from hip bone to hip bone, just above Todd's pubic hair line. The doctor could hear Todd making soft moans from time to time as well. 

Dr. Waddell stood and walked to the back of Todd, the doctor's hands never losing touch with Todd's skin at any time. The doctor began to run Todd's back just as he did the front only he didn't stop this time at Todd's hip bone, but kept rubbing Todd's butt cheeks. 

"Just a second", said Dr. Waddell. "I want to use some lubricant for something." 

Dr. Waddell quickly got some KY jelly out and slathered on his two middle fingers of his right hand. He then turned back to Todd and told him to lean forward and put his hands on his knees. 

Todd quickly dropped to position as Dr. Waddell took his left hand an separated the butt cheeks. He then took the jelly covered fingers and ran them up and down Todd's crack, pressing only moderately. 

Todd took in a big breath and let it out in a hiss as Dr. Waddell made sure all of Todd's butt crack was lubed. He then took his middle finger and began to rotate it against the opening of Todd's ass. Todd's heavy breathing never slowed, if anything it got louder in the exam room. 

"Steady now", said Dr. Waddell as he began to push his middle finger past the muscular ring that was Todd's sphincter. The doctor felt Todd push back gently, as to speed up the insertion process and to welcome his finger. 

Dr. Waddell was now doing nothing more than finger fucking Todd's ass for their both enjoyment. The doctor now brought the middle finger almost out and wrapped it with his ring finger. He then eased them both back into Todd's ass, made easier from the finger fucking of before. 

By now there wasn't much pretension about a physical or anything else. It became just pure, untarnished lust over Todd's ass, both pitching and catching. Dr. Waddell was grunting with effort as he sawed both fingers in and out of Todd's ass. Todd's was grunting in time with the strokes, the animal lust in his sound evident. 

The doctor then dipped his left hand into the KY jelly container. Dr. Waddell then took his free hand and ran it across Todd's hip bone, only this time angled lower so as to wrap Todd's dick in his hand. As soon as his hand hit Todd's dick, the doctor grasped it. Todd couldn't help himself, he let out a loud "Ummmphf!" as Dr. Waddell began to slather the head of Todd's dick in KY. The doctor kept twisting his hand as it slid over and around Todd's glans, sending shots of ecstasy through Todd. 

Finally Dr. Waddell looked at Todd's face but never stopping the ministrations of his hands on Todd's dick and ass. "Todd, do you want me to help you come? Would you like that, Todd? Would you like to orgasm soon?" 

Todd turned his face towards Dr. Waddell and looked him in the eyes for the first time since he was told to remove his clothing. "Doctor, I'll do anything if you please make me come right now." 

Dr. Waddell allowed a thrill to run through his body as he thought about his options of that statement. He'd take some time to think about those choices and pick the best one he thought. 

Grasping Todd's glans tightly in his left hand while sliding it up and down Todd's dick, Dr. Waddell began a corkscrew motion with the fingers in Todd's ass. Finally, Todd couldn't take it any longer. 

"Oh, sweet jesus, I'm CUMMING NOW!" shouted Todd as rope after rope of jism filled the doctor's hand attached to Todd's glans. 

Todd's shudders slowed as his orgasm shots slowed. Dr. Waddell slowly extracted his fingers from Todd's ass while slowing his movement on the glans. Finally Dr. Waddell stood and handed Todd a couple of exam towels. "Wipe down with these and then we'll talk" said Dr. Waddell. 

After both had washed up and Todd had dressed, they sat in the exam room across from each other. "Todd, how about coming by my house around 7pm. I want to do more exams." 

"Sure, Doc, no problem. See you then", Todd replied. 

Precisely at 7pm, Todd rang Dr. Waddell's doorbell. Dr. Waddell answered the door and invited Todd in, showing him deeper into the house. Arriving in the living room, Dr. Waddell turned to Todd and began to speak. 

"Todd, I'd like to learn more about what wrestlers go through as far as stress on their bodies. Do you think you could help me on that? I thought maybe we'd do a bit of light wrestling, Greek style?" 

Todd wasn't sure what Dr. Waddell meant by "Greek style", but he thought it couldn't be much. "Sure, ok. No problem Dr. Waddell. But I don't know what you mean by "greek style?" 

Dr. Waddell just smiled and replied, "Come with me." They both went out into the garage, Dr. Waddell turning on the lights as they entered. What Todd saw was basically a wrestling mat on the garage floor. 

"Ok, what we'll do is have you go through some moves with me, show me things that stress the body. I need you to be the teacher here as I've never wrestled. But I also want to do it Greek. That means we're both nude and oiled. Is that ok with you?" 

Todd quickly answered, "Oh, sure. In fact it sounds like fun. I've always want to do a match in the nude, where the wrestlers are nude and the spectators are all clothed. Seems to be exciting to me." 

They both began to strip off what they had on and stepped over to a folding table. A big bottle of baby oil and a couple of small bowls were on the table, along with a pile of towels. 

They began to slather on the baby oil and took turns doing each others backs. Todd couldn't help himself as he wickedly rand his oiled finger down the crack of the good doctors ass just as he had done to Todd. The doctor reacted about like Todd did, pressing back against the finger, bending over some in order to allow Todd easier access to his rectum. 

Finally, they both were sufficiently oiled to begin. Dr. Waddell said, "Just put me in some holds and show me some reverses. I don't want to do take downs and so forth." 

"Sure thing, Dr. Waddell. The first one is a double chicken wing. Lie down on your stomach and I'll show you." 

Dr. Waddell laid down on his stomach, his dick now more than half-hard due to the ass play by Todd. The doctor wondered if it was or wasn't the first time Todd had played with another guy's ass hole? Or did Todd just duplicate what felt good earlier that day in the exam room? 

Todd moved over Dr. Waddell's back, running his arms through the crook of the doctor's arms, pulling the elbows back towards the doctor's spine. It was like someone wanted to touch the doctor's elbows behind his back. While it didn't come close to hurting, it did give the doctor a helpless, pinned feeling. 

But the better feeling came as Todd slid his oiled torso across the doctor's back, moving in an top-to-bottom direction. Todd slowly slid his legs between the doctors, forcing the doctor to spread his to allow for the extra body. 

Spreading the doctor's legs did another thing too: it slightly opened his ass crack. Dr. Waddell then felt Todd's dick sliding up and down his ass crack as Todd continued to slide their bodies against each other. The doctor couldn't but help to leap ahead to think about how Todd's dick would feel up his ass. Would Todd want to? 

Dr. Waddell arched his ass up, pressing against Todd's body. Todd continued his wrestling hold, rolling Dr. Waddell slightly from side to side. Todd kept his dick pressed tightly against the doctor's crack as they both moved. 

Dr. Waddell didn't want to scare Todd, but he also wanted to Todd to at least try to slide his dick into the doctor's ass. So he arched his back even more, giving Todd every signal possible except a billboard to proceed. 

Todd really didn't mean to do so when the tip of his dick punched into the rubbery feel of Dr. Waddell's rectum. He gathered himself and continued a slow, consistent push ahead. They both grunted when the glans popped past the anal muscle. 

Dr. Waddell couldn't believe what he was feeling. Absolutely NO pain at all, just a nice slim, firm dick sliding into his ass like it had been there a million times before. Todd kept the gentle pressure forward until he bottomed out, his stomach against Dr. Waddell's ass cheeks. 

Todd finally let go of Dr. Waddell's arms and wrapped his arms around Dr. Waddell's chest. The doctor moved Todd's hands until they reached the doctor's nipples. Todd took a nipple in each hand, rolling and pinching them in a moderate pressure. 

Dr. Waddell could only groan and press his ass back as hard as he could. He never imagined being able to have an entire dick inside him without any pain what so ever. "Fuck me!" he cried as Todd continued his playing of the nipples. Todd began a rhythm that picked up in both speed and force. He settled into a steady meeting of both that enabled equal pleasure of animal lust combined with the fierce desire of what had been building all day. 

After a few moments of severe grinding against each other, Todd began to tremble just a bit. "Dr. Waddell, I'm going to cum. Do you want me to pull out or not?" 

In answer, Dr. Waddell shoved his ass backwards as hard as he could, almost as if he was trying to spear himself on Todd's dick. The doctor couldn't have spoken a word then if his life depended on it, he was so lost in the moment. 

Todd went about two more strokes and hugged Dr. Waddell tightly, still pinching his nipples. He locked his hips against the doctor's ass and shouted, "Oh, fuck shit, Dr. Waddell! I'm cuming!" 

Dr. Waddell felt for the very first time spurts of jism as Todd began to shoot inside his ass. He kept pressing his ass back against Todd as Todd kept trying to slam his dick deeper into the doctor. They ground against each other in the throes of orgasm, toes curled and eyes shut. 

Finally, they both just laid there quietly, neither moving. Todd's dick mostly shrunken but still inside the doctor's ass. Due to Todd's slighter build, his weight felt no problem for Dr. Waddell. Finally Todd eased his dick from Dr. Waddell's ass hole. Jism followed the dick as the rectum slowly went back to shape. Dr. Waddell rolled over on his side, facing Todd, his erection pressed against Todd's cum coated dick. 

Todd scooted closer, getting chest to chest with Dr. Waddell. He could easily feel the doctor's erection against him. "What should he do? What does he want to do? What does Dr. Waddell want to do?" were all thoughts that ran through Todd's mind as he snuggled closer, feeling the erection against his lower belly. 

Todd grabbed Dr. Waddell's shoulders, rolling him onto his back. In one fluid movement, Todd swung his leg over Dr. Waddell's body and sat on his erection with his ass, facing the doctor's feet. Todd leaned forward a bit, reached back to slather oil on the doctor's hard on and proceeded to slowly sit down on it. 

Dr. Waddell watched his dick head pop through the rectum of an 18 year old ass hole. He felt a nice tightness as Todd kept sliding down the length of Dr. Waddell's dick. The doctor wasn't very thick but did manage about 5" when hard. Todd seemed to have no issues sliding right to the pubic bone of Dr. Waddell. 

Todd pressed his ass against Dr. Waddell's crotch, wiggling just a bit. He had been having things in his ass since he was in high school, eventually getting a couple of guys to fuck him. So he was no stranger of the joys of riding a good dick and he seemed to think he had one here. 

Todd leaned forward and kept up his fucking. Dr. Waddell watched both ass cheeks move and couldn't resist smacking one cheek and then the other with forceful but not painful smacks. He kept it up as each cheek began a nice red glow, causing him to lift his ass in an attempt to get into Todd's ass deeper. 

Todd, feeling the warming of his ass, sped up his up and down fucking motion, enjoying the thought of having his ass warmed up but not spanked with a paddle. More grunts came out of him as his ass and Dr. Waddell's pubic bone slammed together. They were both completely lost in the lust of the moment. 

Dr. Waddell grasped both of Todd's ass cheeks with a death grip and screamed, "I'm going to cum!" The doctor pulled down on Todd's hips like they were a lifeline on the Titanic. He wanted his dick to reach Todd's chest, that's how intense his orgasm was. 

As the moment calmed and each caught their breath, they both wondered about how hot the other had gotten them. Todd was thinking he wouldn't have to travel to other towns to have adventures. The doctor was thinking how he could persuade Todd to serve as a butler while wearing only mesh underwear. 

The possibilities looked promising indeed!