 "I'm a WHAT!!!" I asked the man. 

"Why, you are a terrorist of course. Didn't you hear the man?" a soft, but scary, voice asked. I turned to see where the voice came from, but all I saw was the cutest boy ever. 

I mean there is cute, which is the category Jakob says that I fall under, and then there is drop dead cute, where this boy fell under. He had big blue eyes, blond hair that went past his waist, and he was a little taller than me by a few inches.

He looked vaguely familiar so I had to ask, "Have we met before?"

He smiled and said, "Have you ever been raped?" I shook my head no, and then I remembered Blake, and all the others, so I nodded. His smile faded, "By me?" he asked. I shook my head. "Have you ever been murdered?" I shook my head no. "Well then, no, I do not believe that we have met," he said the last line with such enthusiasm that I had to laugh.

"My name is Terry, or Te for short," I told him. 

"I'm Marlocushavismrubis," he said, "or I suppose that you could call me Mar for short." 

I laughed again, "I like your name. Where are you from Mar?" The reason I asked was because he looked so exotic. His skin was a light red and it shimmered like it was a dancing flame of fire. His blue eyes, almost like navy blue, stood out against his fiery skin. His hair looked like it was on fire with the bright reds, oranges, and yellows that colored it.

"I'm from Shiar'shata," Mar said, "and you are from Earth, from what I hear." 

There was something in his voice that made me wonder, "Is something wrong with that?" 

Mar replied, "As long as you are ok bottoming, everything will be perfectly fine."

WHAT DID HE SAY?!?! "Umm, what do you mean?" at least I managed to get out a somewhat polite reply. 

"The cute little guys, like us, usually are the ones who get fucked," Mar stated in a matter of fact tone. "Oh, and tomorrow is your introduction to the rest of IGP1. You will be rooming with me until the warriors get back. They get first choice on the cutest newbies."

He walked up to me and looked at my left eye. He brought his hand up making me flinch away. His eyes narrowed at my reaction but he didn't say anything. He then slowly moved his hand towards my face and gently stroked what my blackened left eye.

"What happened to you? Did you walk into a light pole or something?" he asked jokingly although I felt an undertone of anger.

"Uh, something like that," I said as I flinched at the memory. In my life time I've had my fair share of bad things happen: my parents were murdered in front of me, over ten men have tried to rape me, three have raped me, I've had four different boyfriends, and now an abusive boyfriend whom I'm sure was behind the explosion. I started shaking from the memories.

Mar sat down beside me and put his arm around me. "Shhh, little one, no one is going to lay a hand on you anymore." 

I looked up at him. "How can you be so sure? I mean I have no friends here, I don't know anyone here, and I'm as weak as a newborn," I said in one breath, my mental state putting my mouth into overdrive. I tried to even my breathing and calm down. I didn't like showing how weak I was but my emotions were all over the place.

Mar looked at me, "Well, I pretty much own this place when the warriors are gone. My lover is second in command of the warriors so I'm pretty well respected. Now, you know me. I don't want to see you die and I think that terrorists are pretty cool. So I guess that could make you my friend. And if you're my friend you could be a chicken on an alligator farm and be safe." Mar said this all so confidently that I couldn't help but relax. Soon I was nodding off in Mar's arms.

I awoke in a wide open room with windows that gave an amazing view of space. I started to sit up when I felt someone's arms tighten around my waist. I threw off the arms, jumped up out of bed, and huddled in the corner as a sleepy, very confused, Mar looked back at me. "I-I'm s-sorry Mar," I stammered out, "I-I didn't mean to wake you. Please don't be mad." When I had felt those arms around me, my first thought was, Shit, you idiot. You relax and you see what happens. Blake finds you!

Mar sat up on the bed and looked at me still huddled in the corner as I berated myself for acting in such a way. His expression softened and he said, "There is nothing to be sorry for. Why would you think that there was? Do you want to talk about it, Te?" 

Like the idiot I am, I answered, "No. No, there's nothing to talk about. I just felt bad for waking you up."

He narrowed his eyes at my obvious lie but didn't comment on it. "You need to rest more, Te. The doctor said that even though you are asleep you aren't really resting for some reason. You won't recover if your body doesn't rest." I couldn't argue with Mar when he said this, so I went back into bed. He got up and left the room. I closed my eyes and drifted into sleep.

Keep running. Just keep running. If you slow down he will catch you. 

"Who will catch you," I heard someone ask. 

"He will! Blake will! He is going to kill everyone close to me because I tried to leave him." He caught me. Blake caught me and now he is raising his hand to punch me or worse, rape me again.

"-e. TE!!!! Come on wake up little one!! You have to wake up! It's just a dream. Only a dream." Mar kept repeating this over and over to me. 

"I-I'm sorry," I said, "Did I disturb you?" 

"What?! Oh no, little one, you did not disturb me. I wish I could meet who ever made you so fearful. He would wish that he had never been born!" Mar said, with a far off look in his midnight blue, near black eyes. 

Huh, that's strange, I thought they were lighter before, I thought to myself and then shrugged off the thought.

"Here lay down again, little one, have you been having this nightmare since the explosion." 

"Yeah," I responded. But it was a lie. I had been having this sort of nightmare ever since I started dating Blake, two years ago.

"You need not lie to me, little one, I can almost see into your very soul. Here now, I will sing you a lullaby that I was taught when I was younger by someone very important to me."

"Lullaby, bona noctem

Rosa roseo bedlight,

Circuit liliis,

Gypsophila paniculata meus dulce caput.

Ponite vos usque nunc, et ceteri

Somnus tuus benedictus!

Ponite vos usque nunc, et ceteri

Tua somnus sit benedicta

Lullaby, bona noctem

You're matris placent

Ethiopia iuxta angeli

Meae deliciae manebunt.

Molle et calidum est lecto,

Fallat requies caput.

Molle et calidum est lecto,

Fallat requies caput.

SICKY, fallat.

Login praesens est apud te.

Ego abs te malum

Tu expergiscere meos.

Angelorum Custodum propinquos

Dormiat igitur non metuens.

Angelorum Custodum propinquos

Dormiat igitur non metuens.

Lullaby, dormiatque intenta sint.

Tace Meae deliciae dormire

Eo cream albo rudentes,

Capite plena somniorum.

A caelo clarus scriptor aurora

Ille mane evigilare.

Cum meridiano temperat orbem,

Ipse in sole effusi."

I fell asleep listening to Mar's soothing voice. For some reason this song sounded familiar, but I couldn't remember where I had heard it before. 

From the cliff that I was standing on I could see and smell the ocean. It was a comforting smell. It reminded me of a distant memory and of my home with my parents. I had a lot of friends as a teenager, before my parents were murdered that is. My friends had been from many different races, genders, and even planets. Even though humans had been aware of their existence for almost 150 years, some humans chose to exclude aliens from their lives as much as possible. 

I jumped off the cliff and into the ocean, loving the feel of air caress my body before the sea engulfs me. I went up for air and I saw him, Draco, my first and only true love. He looked at me and said, "I have come for you."

I woke up with a start. Whoa, I'm okay with having that dream anytime, I thought to myself with a smile. 

"What are you grinning about?" Mar asked as he looked over at me.

"Oh, nothing," I said. I knew I was still smiling, but I couldn't help it. "I just had a good dream."

An alarm started going off and then an announcement came on, "Report to loading dock W. Repeat: All prisoners report to loading dock W."

Mar jumped up with a huge smile on his face. "Why do we have to go to loading dock W?" I asked. 

"The warriors are back," he answered looking at me as if I were stupid. 

"I'm sorry, but you forget, I just got here yesterday. I don't even know who the warriors are," I said back.

"I know, I'm sorry," Mar said, "I will tell you who they are on the way." With that said, we left our 'cell' and started walking towards loading dock W. 

Mar started his explanation, "The warriors here are similar to mercenaries. The prison rents them out to whoever is willing to pay the price for them. In exchange for being rented out, the warriors are treated extremely well here. As you saw, they have rooms, not cells, and they get to eat amazing food." I nodded showing that I understood.

"But wouldn't them getting treated better here, make the other prisoners angry?" I asked

"If the warriors couldn't wipe the floor with every single last one of them, they would be angry. Only the best fighters and strategists are chosen to become warriors. For example, my lover is the second in command of the warriors because he is both an excellent strategist and a ruthless fighter," Mar looked proud as he made the last statement. "Most of the warriors are decent enough guys, even if they are mercenaries. However, there are a select few, who YOU have to watch out for."

Okay now I was confused, "Why do I, alone, have to watch out for them?" 

Mar stopped in his tracks and pulled a mirror from somewhere. "What do you see," he asked as he held the mirror up to my face. 

"I see a swollen eye, a cut lip, and tons of bruises. So?" I answered.

"You have no sense of self-worth do you? Well, no matter. That will be taken care of when the other prisoners see you." I was about to ask Mar what he meant, when all of a sudden we were in a huge room filled with huge, and I mean HUGE, men. All of them seemed to be above six feet tall. 

Mar walked with me across the front of the room near where the ship carrying the warriors would land. I felt hundreds of eyes follow Mar as he walk with me. You should probably let go of his hand, I thought to myself. Hell no. Mar would be attacked the moment you let go, I reasoned with myself. 

I was shaking like a leaf again and Mar noticed. "Don't worry, they won't do anything to you as long as you are with me," he tried to reassure me. It didn't help. I was way past the point of reassurance now. Standing in the room with hundreds or maybe even thousands of convicted criminals didn't bode well for my fear levels. 

Shit. Shit shit shit shit SHIT! How did I get myself into this? that's all that I can think about right now. I suppose I could be thinking about things like, "Wow, that guy is kinda hot with all of those tattoos," or "Do all guys in prison look like this?" But no, I guess I'm a selfish person. I can only keep wondering how I got myself into this. 

My thoughts were cut off as a Space Fighter craft pulled into the landing area. The craft itself was intimidating with all of the weapons on it. To be honest I had never seen anything more intimidating until those onboard started to get off the craft.

The regular prisoners that I thought were huge had nothing on these men. The four men who had stepped off so far, had looked like they were about to burst from having too much muscle. It seemed like the stream of ripped men would never stop. After 34 more guys got off, Mar took off into the arms of the 35th man, who was just emerging from the ship. The man who Mar ran to was, in few words, the second hottest man I had ever seen. He was tall, about 6'7", and had piercing blue grey eyes. His hair was light brown and hung to the middle of his back in a ponytail. Mar gave him a deep passionate kiss and then started talking to him when something caught my eye.

I heard a light hissing sound just over my shoulder and I almost had a heart attack. That sound was the same sound that Blake made when he was either deep in thought, or really, really, pissed off. I spun around and caught my breath. 

Now, Blake has never been caught on drug charges. However, doesn't mean that any of his men haven't been caught. Hell, I found out that he actually made some of his men get caught on purpose. I was now staring straight into the eyes of Blake's number one, behind bars, man, Cobra Killer. At, least that was his name in Blake's files. I accidentally knocked over a box one night in our apartment and a ton of bags of hot pink, neon green, and white powders fell out. That was when I found out that he was a drug dealer, two months ago.

"Well, well, well. What do we have here? Did the boss finally get rid of his bitch?" Cobra said mocking me. His fangs were out and it looked like they were just a little shorter than Blake's fangs. 

Cobra and Blake had grown up together on the planet Vrasësit i Pafajshëm. It was inhabited by, what humans call, the snake people. The Vrasësitinians were of a merciless race and were taught from birth to fight. They all had lime green eyes with a black slit for a pupil. Their skin was made of scales that were as rough as sandpaper; it didn't feel too good during sex, that's for sure. They had a regular sized tongue which had two projections at the end of it that make it forked. But the fangs, the fangs were the worst part. They came out for any number of reasons. They could come out because of passion, anger, or at any other time. The fangs dripped poison, and I wasn't too keen on finding out how poisonous.

"H-hi, C-Cobra," I stammered out. "W-what are y-you doing h-here?" Cobra had a 'thing' for me when Blake and I first started going out. This 'thing' eventually lead to him being one of the three people who had managed to rape me. That was the reason he was stuck here in IGP1 doing 'undercover' work.

"Oh, you know exactly what I am doing here, sweet ass," Cobra said, his voice dripping with lust. He looked at me with his lime green eyes that looked far away, almost like he was imagining what he was going to do to me. That thought made me want to throw up. "The important question," he said as he took a step towards me, "is what I am GOING to do. To you." He raised one hand to touch my face and the other made a movement to grab my ass. 

"Keep your filthy rapist hands off of me," I shouted as I dodged out of his hands and knocked them away. Then I thought to myself, Shit, look at his uniform. Damn it! The uniform on Cobra matched the uniforms on the other warriors. This meant that even if anyone did care, they would be too afraid to stop him.

"What did you say, you piece of ass!?" Cobra shouted at me. As he took more steps towards me, he raised his fist and got ready to punch me. 

I saw his fist coming in hard for a hit to my face. I closed my eyes and braced for the hit, swearing to myself that I wasn't going to make a sound when he did hit me. But as I waited, I realized that Cobra was whimpering. 

As I opened my eyes, I saw the most drop-dead gorgeous man ever in front of me, holding Cobra's fist. An angelic voice said, "Are you okay, little one?" My groin, which had only been starting to stir looking at him, became an instant hazard to anyone who ran into me. They would probably be impaled on it.

In my embarrassed haze, I murmured, "Yup, I'm fine. No problem. Everything's cool. I'm gonna stop talking now." I knew that my face was a deep shade of red. My savior then turned to look at me and let out a chuckle in his deep velvety voice when he saw my face. 

That's when I got a really good look at him. He had royal blue eyes that contrasted nicely with his beige warrior uniform. The high cheek bones and sharp jawline gave his face a regal look. He had midnight black hair that was pulled back into a ponytail and reached to what I knew had to be a tight ass. His face was smooth with no lines or wrinkles; even though it was obvious that he had been through battle for years. All of his body looked hard. I could see an eight pack beneath his tight uniform. An amazingly hot EIGHT pack.

I don't care if you are an alien, that is HOT!!! He was huge in every single way because of his muscle and height. He had to be at least 6'9" and weigh close to 280 pounds, if not more. My mouth was watering more and more the longer I looked at him. Then began the internal debate.

I don't usually go for guys with bright blue eyes or black hair because of HIM, my first love, I thought to myself. So, take a chance. He couldn't be any worse than Blake. Plus, he is smoking hot. I mean you can barely keep your cock inside your pants there, my alter persona said. Oh, speaking of cocks, I wonder how big his is. That thought made my face turn redder than it ever had.

I looked up into his eyes and saw compassion. And then I looked over at Mar yelling at me to---wait a second. My eyes zoom back to his. They were now indescribable. I didn't know another word for it. Emotionless might be another word. I couldn't read him at all which kind of irked me.

Mar came running up beside me and asked, "Are you okay, Te?"

"Te?" Mr. Eight-pack Angel asked.

"Oh that's right, you two haven't been introduced." Mar said. "Zmaj, this is Terry, that terrorist from Earth ya know. Terry, this is Zmaj Vuk. He is the commander of the warriors."

"Pleased to meet you, Commander Vuk," I say. 

"Please, call me Zmaj. I hate the title. It makes for an easier target on the battlefield," he said in his angelic voice.

"Well, shall we get started on the ceremony?" Mar asked

"Yeah," Zmaj said, "I suppose we better. Don't get too far away, little one."

"Your attention please," Zmaj's voice boomed over the intercom system. "We will now be placing the new arrivals with current 'boarders'." Zmaj read from a list who all of the new prisoners were going to be staying with. There had been about twelve other people who had come with me on the shuttle to IGP1 apparently. I don't remember most of the ride as I was unconscious from the blast. 

I could tell that Zmaj was nearing the end of his speech as the people around me were growing restless. All of the sudden someone shouted out, "Who is that cute one gonna room with? That Terry or whatever his name is."

"He will be staying with me, of course," was Zmaj's answer. He answered in such a nonchalant way that my jaw literally dropped.

I almost started laughing. This WOULD be my punishment for a crime. An everlasting hard-on, I thought to myself.

*

To Be Continued....

Hey Everyone,

I want to thank you for all of the encouragement and advise that I have gotten from my first story. I just want you to know that for some reason my spell check stopped working halfway through this. I officially suck when it comes to technology. But once again, let me know how you like the story. I have lots of ideas for twists and turns. And once again I apologize for all grammar and spelling errors. I have no editor although I am trying to find one. Please be patient with me. :)

Thank you, CassieJo <3