 My head was jammed between a powerful thigh and a the rhymically heaving muscles of a hard stomach. My lips were pressed to the dark, oily skin of his belly, any brief respite in his breathing was the only chance of gasping for breath myself. How was this ebony Adonis able trap me so? My own tanned body had been oiled a long time ago, sweat had added to to the slick coating as we had wrestled and sought to gain advantage. Muscles bulging, we had posed and grappled to the delight of the crowd, this was just a preliminary in the structured nature of the bout. 

Packham prison had been forced to stop the gladiator games but naked oil wrestling had taken it's place. The noise was deafening within the prison walls, as bets were being placed against me, prisoner 1887. Although I had my calves in a scissor grip around my opponents neck, straining to hook my ankles together. I could feel his strong arms and huge biceps preventing me from getting a good purchase. I strained, the tendons on my thighs aching, as I fought to get a good hold with my legs. What had my trainer said? 

"The rules are - there are no rules."

I sought the smallest chance as prisoner 1684 breathed out, making a great effort, twisting my head and managing to jam my face in his crotch. There, my sweat blurred vision beheld a massive black cock, now as hard as the rest of him. The scoring of these matches were all sexual, the only course open to me, was to open my mouth and suck him for ten seconds. Easier said than done, the head of his cock was huge, I was going to need my mouth wide open, there would be some difficulty getting it in. I licked my lips, whether for better lubrication or simply because it looked so good, I don't know. Then my mouth was full of him, the taste, the girth, his involuntary thrust into me, I just loved it. 

My legs arched back, pulling against his chin, he bent his body forward to ease the pressure and I got a throat full of cock. I sucked and slurped at him, the mandatory ten seconds ticking away, he tried to pull out of me, he knew there little time left. A swift jerk of my thighs and he bent further, jamming his thick, 10 inch long cock down my throat, the crowd went wild, only three seconds until I had won. 

He let go of my calves and drove both fists into my stomach, I doubled over in pain, my mouth opened in a gasp, his cock slipped from me. I don't know which was worse, the pain or the loss of that gorgeous cock, pulsing triumphantly, wearing my saliva like a glistening coat. I tried to buck him off, the only immediate result was to raise my hips thrusting my cock out lewdly for the approbation of the onlookers. He seized my solid member, a full eight inches held in his hand, now it was I who had just seconds left before his wanking of me made him the winner. My right arm was now free and I jammed it between his legs, the oil allowing swift progress to his ass. 

I felt those huge gluteus muscles working, moving silkily, under the dark, velvet skin. I sought to prise between them, seeking the smooth valley and a puckered orifice. My oily hand slipped easily into the cleft of his ass, fingers probing, I had only seconds left and the crowd knew it. My cock was being wanked and he too was seeking to push his fingers into my ass, I couldn't let the lovely feeling in my throbbing cock get the better of me, I had to get my fingers into him and somehow get my cock from his grasp. There, two fingers slipped into him I hooked them upwards, widening his anus, thrusting another finger in and pushing up further. The crowd were shouting the countdown of the seconds I had left before I lost, by means of a ten second wank. 

Using my feet as a pivot I twisted my body, throwing my knees to one side, my turning hip raised his arm and his hand slipped from my cock. That was close, both in the two seconds left in the statutory wank time and my imminent ejaculation. Why would I not cum, when this big muscly hunk of a guy was wanking me. My freed cock was nodding, almost on the brink of cumming but I had pushed my knee against his head and forced him onto his shoulders. By now he was ass up in the air with my fingers delving deep inside him, he was attempting to hook his calves around my head. I grabbed his ankles with my free hand, pulling his feet down, jamming my other knee against them. More bets were going my way now, he was doubled over and the seconds ticking down for a full ass hole assault. I was bent over him, forcing his body into the ground, hand pumping up and down in his rectum, going for the 10 second fist fuck.

His arms went up over my ass to pull hard against my back, forcing me lower, using me to raise his head. My cock felt vulnerable with scant inches between it and his mouth, the inevitable happened, a wet tongue signalled the mouth that followed. The weight of his head pulled my cock down, trapped by a hard bite which was strictly against the rules. Prisoners have had their teeth pulled if it was proven they had bitten. Several seconds went by but I knew I could win before he could suck me for long enough. It was lovely though, being sucked as I forced my fist into him, two countdowns were going at the same time. 

He tried to roll one side or the other but to no avail, then his legs broke free, trying to roll head down, to remove my fist. He almost made it before his countdown went to zero, the crowd went wild, he relaxed, beaten. My hand was still working in his ass, some small consolation after such a terrific struggle, my other hand grabbed his huge cock. Still on his back, his ass upper most, I continued to fist fuck and wank him off. 

Although not compulsory, it had become a ritual that the victor makes the loser cum in a degrading manner. My cock was rubbing on his back as I wanked him, bringing me to a heightened state. His body was folded over, ass in the air, face looking up at his huge weapon. It pulsed in my hand, cum became a white waterfall covering his dark chest. I knelt behind him, my cock seeking the warm sanctuary of his ass, as I rolled him back to me. I slipped in and only needed a few thrusts before I too was cumming, conquering him as only a victorious man could.

High definition digital cameras were used to zoom in on the heaving bodies, mouths seeking huge cocks and eventually the overflowing cum. Presented in real time, patrons could see close ups of the, often, somewhat hidden, grasps and probing fingers of the protagonists. Of course no footage was wasted, DVD's were made and sold to selected wrestling connoisseurs, bringing the prison Governor and warders a steady income. The betting was arranged through four different guys each giving a cut to the management, in the Governors clique there were no losers. 

Sweating profusely, I returned to my cell, these aching muscles were in need of a warm shower. Sissy was waiting for me, naked except for thigh high stockings, her smooth body bore full breasts and a cute little cock. She squealed as she saw the smile on my face, knowing I had won. She ran to me and threw herself at my body, arms around my neck, legs clamped around my hips. We kissed, she rubbed her slim body over my tired muscles, her little dick seeking mine, prodding it's flaccid mass with a semi rigid one of her own. She loved to tuck it sideways between my cock and balls, trapped by the meaty weight as I strode to the shower. 

She had stroked the oil over my body before the bout, now she set about soaping me as the warm water eased the tension. Her gliding touch as she washed me was almost a massage, the relaxing warmth made me stretch and flex, proudly displaying the mighty body that hard work had gained me. She slithered down to where she loved to be, crouched with each foot on mine, arms clasped around my ass, head nestling in my crotch. I walked almost normally into the cell as she remained squatting on my feet kissing my cock and balls. She knew I wouldn't shag her after a match but was always hopeful.

The next day I had a training session with one of the guards, an ex wrestler, he taught me the holds and how to break free. We practised whilst oiled up but with the summer temperature at over 80 degrees our bodies were more plastered in sweat than oil. I was waiting as he entered the room, like me he was short and broad, well defined muscles glistened as they stood out from dark skin. He squared up to me, strong legs planted apart for balance, the thighs bunched, the torso above was a rippled mass of muscle but my eyes were always drawn to his cock. It never seemed to just hang, it had a jaunty angle, perhaps pushed forward by the massive ball sack. 

Circumcised, his oil shined, cock head was a huge tapering lump terminating the veiny shaft that I knew from experience I would struggle to get my hand half way around. My own cock was big, enlarged like the rest of my muscle mass but against these black guys, I looked kinda small. He smiled, he must have seen the effect his body was having on me, I could feel my cock starting to rise. After several months of training I still get turned on by him, even though he regularly whoops my ass - I've yet to win a fight with him.

I stood easy, relaxed, advancing just within his reach, his broad shoulders twisting slowly as first one arm then the other feinted a grapple. I stepped in quickly going for a leg hold, attempting to take him off balance, he pulled me towards him, using the leg I had raised to clamp down over my shoulder, as he fell back. We were heading for the floor but he brought up his other leg to get me in a scissor hold around my neck. My face was pressed tightly to his cock, it was obvious I was going to have to go for the mandatory 10 second suck score and proceeded to do so. He had other ideas, sitting up, he grasped my thighs, pulling my legs up, he spread them. Releasing his scissor hold he dragged me away from his cock, bending me over towards him. 

My legs fell over his shoulders, my ass moving towards him, I tried to roll to one side or the other but it was no use, my ass was in the air, his face pressing forward. A wet tongue touched my ass cleft, seeking the tight sphincter, I could feel it probing me, pushing relentlessly against the muscular ring. My head was on the floor, bent over, I was scrabbling to get hold of his cock, going for the ten second wank. His tongue entered my body, the effect was stunning, I just opened up to him, my treacherous body welcomed his tongue, loving the feeling.

He only had to tongue me for five seconds but by now I'd got hold of his cock. I must wank him for twice as long. It was imperative I raise up my ass to make him forgo his scoring time already elapsed. By balancing on bent forearms, I raised myself up, denying him the win but denying myself the exquisite pleasure of his tongue. My wanking of him continued apace, it's surprising how the human mind can measure time so accurately. He managed to press my ass lower, his tongue snuffling in the groove of my ass and nearing my ring again, as long as I get six seconds of wanking completed, I would win. He was shifting his body, suddenly his knees were under him and he knelt, removing his cock from my grasp and lowering his tongue to my ass. 

No amount of twisting was going to get me out of this, the wet invader pushed through the tight ring and lapped almost languidly, so confident was he. Time up, he had won, although he was in no hurry to stop. I too, was in no hurry, the warm movement in my ass was causing my cock to harden. He dropped my legs, gravity as I fell away, removed his tongue. We practised some more, some previously taught holds and break outs, including subtle differences in technique.

My next fight was with a hulking brute of a guy, prisoner 1759, nick named 'Slayer'. His tally told the story, unbeaten winner of thirteen fights, five men still in hospital, others no longer fighting because of torn sphincters. His reputation was, that he wore out his opponents in straight wrestling then effectively raped them. He was at the side of the ring, turning, hands held out enjoying the applause, his huge cock a sight to behold. No doubt half hard at the thought of raping me, the gnarled, veiny shaft was having trouble lifting it's enormous head. 

A cockhead as big as a woman's clenched fist, it was hardly tapered at all, just a blunt instrument of pain. He twisted left and right, his cock thumped each leg, sounding like a dead body hitting the deck. Suddenly my mouth was dry, was I going to be number 14? Well I'll have a cushy stay at the hospital while they decide which of my organs was pounded into ground beef. Stomping into the ring, he looked as if he had never been caught off balance in his life. A bell rang, I tried a running approach, stepping onto his bent knee and vaulting over his head, hands slipping around to try a strangle hold. My hands wouldn't even touch, his neck was in proportion to his huge body mass, the cords in his neck stood out like steel rods.

He swung a backhander, hitting me across the ass, the crowd liked that, my ass felt bruised. On landing I immediately turned, to slide feet first between his legs, grabbing high on his thighs, tongue out, mashing my head into his ass. Not even close to a scoring move but one that would bring some punters over to my side. They saw me as the agile one but who would soon be fucked in front of them, if history had it's way. I tried thrusting some fingers into him but his thighs were closing on my chest, it was too early for these kind of moves. I squeezed through with a few atoms of oil still clinging to me, no worries, I was sweating enough for both of us. 

He towered above me, I was flat on the ground, looking past a half hard cock that appeared to block out the light as it gazed with it's one eye down at me. I sprung to my feet, so far he had hardly moved, I was panting like I had run a mile and already at the back of my mind I was preparing for just that! As I stood, he reached out a huge hand, grasping my neck and pulling me onto tip toe. I grabbed his arm and hooked my right leg over it, using my ass to lever him down, thrusting my left arm under his neck, I grabbed hold of his arm that I was riding. Now his own arm was pressed against the back of his neck, with me astride that elbow with my right knee under his chin. His only option was to turn his body, I rode the movement and grabbed his cock with my right hand, wanking it to bring it to full hardness. The seconds were slowly grinding past as I wanked him feverishly, his cock was massive, one hand couldn't do it justice.

A roar went up from the crowd but I knew he could tear my hand away by continuing his roll away and bringing his knees under him. He did just that, allowing me to masturbate him just enough to get him solid but not enough to actually score points. He made me seem like a servant, bringing him to a state of fighting hardness. From bended knees he rose up, with me still riding his arm, flexing it and, forcing his head back, freed himself from the lock I had on him. Perched like a monkey on his bicep he simply threw me away, like an annoying thing stuck to him. I landed in a crouch and instantly drove my head forward with a shout, intending to butt him in the nuts. He put one hand on his cock and levelled it as I rushed forward. 

With my mouth open, at full tilt, I was jammed on the end of that cock with an aching jaw. A cry went up from the crowd, of course he knew and I knew I would have to suck it but only I knew just how tightly it was wedged in my mouth. I was determined that, as the seconds were counted down, I would suck it harder than any cock I've sucked before, this monster and I would be in a fight to the finish. I was massaging his balls with one hand as I wanked that huge shaft with the other and sucked as much of his cock head as I could. My own cock was rigid as I concentrated my efforts on bringing him off, the video showed our struggle on a large screen. 

Seconds ticked by, would I get to break his record? I was hunkered down, knees each side of his shins, elbows out as I wanked and fondled him. I tried to keep my cock and balls low so he couldn't kick them, five more seconds to go. Of course, I was wide open to a kick in the guts, he kicked like it was a field goal, my body wrapped itself around the pain. The brutal, suddeness enough to make me scream, his cock slipped away easily, it was there in front of me, nodding as if to confirm it's opinion of me - Jerk! 

Agonisingly, I scrabbled away, he moved to follow up on the kick, another like that would finish me off. As he swung his right foot back, body canting to the left, so I kicked the side of his left knee, increasing his angle. All his weight was moving that way, pivoting over one knee, my kick gave sufficient impetus to bring him down. I stepped between his legs, one arm under his armpit around his neck, the other under the other armpit as he went down. I was forcing his head down both arms locked under his arms and around his neck, his forehead now piling into the ground, both his weight and mine on his back. 

He was stunned, I made good use of that, thrusting my hard cock into his ass, there was no finesse, I just rammed it in, a groan arose from the crowd. Another issued from me, as my foreskin was cruelly denied entrance by his dry sphincter, my cock head was in, I thrust as hard as I could, painfully forcing my way in. There were only seconds in which to take advantage of his dazed state, my ass was thumping my cock into him like a jack hammer. The rest of my strength went into gripping his neck, forcing his head down, giving me lots of leverage to power my thrusting up his rectum.

The crowd had picked up on the countdown, with only three to go, his head ducked right under, he rolled, threatening to bring our combined weight onto my back. I gave a mighty twist by kicking my legs out to one side, it wasn't enough, already we were flying through the air with my spine being the obvious landing point, I pulled out as the crowd shouted 'Two'. I was still trapped under him by my arms, his weight bore down on my upper body, he quickly rotated head to toe. My bruised arms couldn't stop him, he was lying on me fully, head at my groin, his heavy cock and balls on my face. I didn't know a cock could weigh that much, it was pressed hard against my mouth but I couldn't take advantage of it's position.

He on the other hand had taken my cock into his mouth and was going for the ten second suck. It felt really good as this huge guy sucked my cock but this was a fight, I fought to free my hands, finally grabbing hold of his cock endevouring to suck it. 

The trick now is to start sucking him and remove my own cock from his mouth at just the right time. With the timing just right there was a chance to win, I bucked my hips upwards, my not inconsequential, eight inch cock jammed in his throat, threatening to cut off his breathing. He pushed his weight down in order to pull his head away but I raised up again even harder - I was definitely much harder now I was jammed in his throat. The countdown was still against me, his body weight still had me trapped, no matter how much I sucked him I was going to lose. 

Again I raised up, hoping to twist away and pull out of his mouth, he grabbed my hips and hung on, my cock still jammed tight. The immovable object meeting the irresistible force - of suction. The crowd yelled out 'Two', 'One'. I failed to beat him, allowing him to maintain his record. 

He didn't stop sucking me but lifted my legs, standing awkwardly as he did so, the blood rushed to my head as I dangled down his body, upside down. His magnificent cock was before my eyes and I took it once more into my mouth, it was like giving the kiss of life to a huge Moray eel. His sucking of me was glorious, I loved it as he took me to the brink, my hips were thrusting at him as I neared climax. He knew exactly how close I was, holding me up by the ankles, he suddenly turned me to face the crowd. Held upside down, my hips thrusting towards them, I ejaculated down myself, covering my chest and face in my own cum. A spunk puppet held up to ridicule in the hands of a master, all control relinquished.
