 Snow frantically ran through the woods. He couldn't run as fast as he usually could, given that he was now in the body of a man close to 40. He still had trouble believing that his life had been stolen and his mother was murdered by the man that she had invited into her heart and bed. Snow pushed the thoughts away. He had to concentrate on getting far away from the castle. 

He estimated that he was now at least five miles away from it, but that wasn't far enough. He pushed himself harder until three miles later, he reached a clearing and saw a cabin. Best case scenario: It was abandoned and he could stay there. Worst case scenario: Someone was there and they'd take one look at his blood stained shirt and turn him in.

Snow saw no one other choice given that he was exhausted and thirsty. He walked up to the cabin and knocked on the door. 

A 6'1" Hispanic man in his late 20's opened the door. "I don't entertain men at my home. If you want to make an appointment, you'll have to speak to Samuel." He then noticed the blood on Snow's shirt. He quickly grabbed Snow by the shoulders. "Have you come to kill me?! Who sent you? Was it Hector or Emilo?"

"What? No! I need help. My stepfather is going to kill me. And I'm not talking in a figurative 'Oh, I'll be in so much trouble for having sex on his bed' sense. He literally wants me dead. You aren't going to believe this story," Snow panted out.

The handsome man quirked an eyebrow at Snow. "Try me. Come in and start talking. My name is Miguel, by the way." 

Miguel moved out of the way so Snow could enter. Snow almost tripped over little shoes on his way in. "Sorry about that. Dwarves used to live here. Seven of them. Big Nose, Dumbass, Creeper, White Mike, Black Mike, Bed Wetter and Bitch Tits. They died in a mine collapse two months ago. Haven't brought myself to throw away the shoes yet," Miguel said picking up the shoes and tossing them aside and closed the door. 

Snow took a seat at the table and grabbed the pitcher of water at the table and poured it in the cup. He drank it quickly. "Sorry for your loss. My name is Snow. Well, Prince Snow to be precise."

"Uh, I've heard about Prince Snow. I've even seen portraits drawn of his likeness in town. He isn't a middle aged blond man with small hands," Miguel said crossing his arms. 

Snow looked down at his, well not really his, hands. "I never noticed how small Sebastian's hands are. He must have been so jealous of my large hands. I miss my body," Snow sighed.

Miguel looked even more confused and started to wonder where the nearest mental asylum was.

"I'm not crazy. Let me explain. It starts with my stepfather who is apparently some sort of warlock who has stolen my life. He made a big show of the library having new books. When I entered the library, there was a secret room open and my Mother was bound and gagged. Next thing I knew there was a face in the mirror and then I was unconscious. I woke up in Sebastian's body and he was in mine and then he..." Snow started getting choked up as memories of his own body stabbing his mother in the heart flashed before him. "H-h-he killed her." A single tear rolled down Snow's right cheek. "So casually. Like she wasn't his wife and she was just a rodent that got in his way. He was more concerned about getting blood on his new cape."

Miguel walked over and took Snow's hand and squeezed it comfortingly. "Why would he do this?"

"He wanted to be king and to be young and beautiful again. I knew he was jealous of me, but I had no idea how much. He even called it a magical coup. I don't know why I'm still talking. There's no way you believe this," Snow said trying to pull away from Miguel.

Miguel wouldn't let him pull away. "I believe you. I know all about coups. I used to be a prince myself."

**************

Jasper moaned loudly as he bounced on Leon's huge cock as Leon lay on the bed. After Jasper had nutted in Leon's ass back in the stables, they moved to Leon's cabin to cuddle. Leon was a man who craved intimacy with a partner and he especially enjoying holding the petite Jasper in his burly arms. Cuddling had led to more fucking. 

"You like that big dick, Jasper?" Leon asked giving Jasper's left ass cheek a swat. He grinned at the blissed out look on Jasper's face. He truly enjoyed getting fucked by a big slab of meat.

"I love your cock so much, sir. Uhhh. So full," Jasper squeaked out as he hit bottom and Leon was balls deep in him. Jasper thanked God Snow had stretched him out earlier with his thick dick. Beads of sweat from Jasper's forehead dropped onto Leon's already glistening abs.

"You can call me Leon," Leon said as he gripped Jasper's bouncing cock and started jerking it. He rubbed Jasper's pre-cum all over the shaft to ease his jacking motion.

"Ohhhh. Fuck. When we're having sex, you are sir to me," Jasper groaned.

"Take that dick, Jasper. Are you going to shoot for me? Paint my chest, Jasper," Leon ordered thrusting upwards and jerking him faster. 

"Uhhhh. Damn. Yes, sir. FUCK," Jasper yelled as his cum started spraying out. The first shot went long and hit Leon's chin. The next one hit his large right pec. The rest rained down on his abs. Jasper stared admiringly at the white of his cum contrasting with Leon's breathtaking ebony skin. 

"Nice shot," Leon commented as he wiped the jizz off his chin and licked his fingers. "Hmm. Salty, but still pretty delicious." He wiped up globs of cum off his chest with his right hand and offered it to Jasper. "Taste yourself."

"Um, I've never done that, sir," Jasper said gazing at the proffered hand. 

"Jasper, most men have done it. If they say they haven't tasted their own load, they are probably lying. Not you though. You don't have the guile to lie," Leon said.

"You'd be surprised. Now let me suck your fingers," Jasper said smiling as Leon lifted his hand to Jasper's mouth.

Jasper took one long finger into his cum and started sucking his own cum off it. He felt so naughty. His ass was stuffed to the brim and he was eating his own load. 

"You like that?" Leon asked. Jasper moaned around another of his fingers. "Good boy. Clean those fingers up. This will be good practice for when you suck my dick later." 

Jasper finished and licked his lips. Leon pulled him down and kissed him. Jasper opened his mouth to allow Leon's tongue in. The last time he had been kissed was with his now deceased friend Romeo. The men he had been having sex with the past few months just wanted blowjobs, rimjobs and to bend him over a barrel of hay. He wasn't used to being made to feel special like Leon was treating him right now. His tongue caressed Leon's tongue. 

Leon pulled away. "You are so sweet. Now hop off me. I'll give you a break before I decide which of your holes I'll nut in." 

Jasper got off Leon reluctantly. He already missed being filled by him. He laid down next to Leon. "So how old are you? Sometimes it's really hard to pin down a black person's age and that's definitely the case with you." 

Leon laughed and dropped a kiss on Jasper's forehead. "I'm 39." 

Jasper was amazed. "Wow. Black really doesn't crack."

"Oh, black can crack. I had an auntie who looked 60 when she was only 35. In her defense, she did live in a giant shoe with 10 kids. We tried to tell her to stop having kids with Curtis if he wasn't going to marry her and get her out of the giant shoe, but she wouldn't listen." Leon decided to shift the conversation. "Would you like to go hunting with me tomorrow?"

Jasper cringed. "I don't know. I'm not a huge animal lover, but I don't like the idea of killing them."

"Jasper, overpopulation of the forest is a thing that happens. If you don't thin the herd, they just starve in the winter. An arrow to the head is a kinder death for a deer than starvation. Even Snow agrees and he loves animals." Leon paused. "I just realized you've been working in the stables for a few months and I don't know that much about you. Where are you from?"

"Here and there," Jasper said evasively. "How about I finish you off with my mouth?" Before Leon could a word in, Jasper had leaned over and took the head of Leon's cock in his mouth while jacking the base with his left hand and crading his balls with his right hand. 

"Oh, shit," Leon moaned as Jasper's tongue teased his piss hole and put a hand gently on Jasper's dark hair. "Boy, you are about to get a mouthful." Jasper started bobbling his head further down the cock as Leon guided him. Leon thrust his ass up off the mattress and started unloading. There was so much cum that Jasper struggled to swallow it all. 

A knock on the door came just as Leon was almost done cumming. "Leon, the Queen is dead!"

**********

"What do you mean you can't find him?!" Sebastian yelled getting up from the couch in the blue sitting room. "He murdered my Mother and that got blood on my new cape! I spent ten whole minutes of my life selecting the fabric for this cape. And now it's ruined." Sebastian paused for a second realizing he needed to sound like he gave a damn that Mary was dead. "Mother always wanted me to have a cape. That coward deprived of her seeing me in a cape in a setting where she wasn't being murdered. So rude."

"Your Majesty, we've scowered the woods for him and have come up empty," the head guard Peter said. "And we had a tragic accident. Gerard tripped and fell face first into a bear trap. Leon doesn't use bear traps, so it was either the previous huntsman or a poacher who placed it there." 

"Gerard? Is he the ugly guard who has a nose that looks like a dick who is married to the maid with beady eyes?" Sebastian asked. Peter stared blankly and then nodded. "Oh, that's too bad. I liked the fact that having him in a room made me look even better in comparison. I suppose I'll have to use the guard with the unibrow and red hair to get that same feeling now. God did create gingers to make the rest of us feel better about ourselves." 

"Would you like to talk to his widow Beth? We all remember how you comforted her when her father died," Peter said. After Sebastian sat down and nodded disinterestedly, Peter opened the door and called for Beth. The mousy maid with brown hair in her mid-20's entered the room. It was clear that she had been crying. 

"Beth, have a seat next to me. Peter, have the mirror in the secret room in the library moved to my bedroom. Very carefully. If it gets broken, I break you," Sebastian said and then laughed like he was joking. He wasn't joking.

Peter quirked an eyebrow and then exited. Beth took a seat on the couch next to Sebastian. 

"Snow, it seems that we are both having very bad days," Beth said with tears in her eyes. 

"Yes, Gerard dying is almost as sad as my new cape getting ruined," Sebastian said forlornly. "Though I will survive this loss and find a cape that is just as good."

Beth looked bewildered. "Snow, your mother was murdered."

"Well, that is sad, but mothers are supposed to die. New capes aren't supposed to be stained with blood. If anyone ever stabs me, I will endeavor not to bleed on anyone's clothing. Anyway, Gerard dying is unfortunate. Hopefully he's in Heaven and everyone there is being really nice about him being so hideous."

Beth had a flash of anger, but concealed it. Snow was usually so kind, so this casual cruelty was out of character. She figured it must have been coming from grief.

"I don't think Gerard was ugly," Beth said calmly.

"Oh, please. His face looked like a drunk toddler's portrait. Did he have a big dick? That would explain you marrying him. That and your mother fucking him," Sebastian said examining his fingernails for dirt and not even looking at her.

"W-w-what??" Beth said shellshocked.

"You didn't know? After your father died, your mother needed the comfort of a man and your husband stepped into that role. Everyone knew they were fucking in her servant's quarters when you were waiting on Mary. Doesn't that make you feel better about Gerard dying?"

Beth ran from the room weeping. Sebastian just sighed. "That's what she gets for calling me Snow and not Your Majesty. Stupid bitch." Sebastian looked around the room. "This room could really use a mirror and maybe a nude portrait of me." 

Leon rushed into the room. Sebastian stood up from the couch and Leon pulled him into a tight hug. "Snow, I'm so sorry about your mother."

Sebastian put his arms around Leon and resisted the urge to grab his ass. Even he knew Snow and Leon didn't have that kind of relationship. "Thanks, Leon. I don't know what made Sebastian snap. Maybe it was her criticizing his grammar or the way she chewed food so loudly."

Leon broke the hug. "I promise you I will use all the skills I learned as a soldier and as a huntsman to hunt down and bring back Sebastian dead or alive."

"You can just kill him. He deserves it," Sebastian said trying not to grin.

**********

"You're a prince? Seriously?" Snow asked. 

"I was. Have you ever heard of Penedonia? It's across the ocean from here," Migel said letting go of Snow's hand and taking a seat across from him. 

"I don't know a lot about it, but I heard something about the monarchy falling after a prince wed a commoner." 

"It started four years ago. Papi thought it was time for me to be married and was furious that I had rejected all the princesses from other kingdoms. He was also upset about catching me in bed with a maid and a valet at the same time. He gave me an ultimatum: Find a bride or be disowned. I relented, but I insisted we'd have a ball and invite all the single women of age in the kingdom. That turned out to be both a very good and a very bad idea," Miguel said wistfully.

"Wait. You like men and women? Don't you have a preference? It just seems fickle to me. Like at a wedding when you're asked if you want chicken or fish. You choose one" Snow said confused. 

Miguel groaned. He had gotten these types of reactions a lot. "It is entirely possible to be attracted to both men and women. And it doesn't make you fickle or indecisive. I slightly lean towards men, but I also love women. Sexuality isn't black and white," Miguel said giving Snow a censuring look. 

"Sorry. I really try to be open minded. It caught me off-guard," Snow said apologetically. "Please continue with your story."

"As I was saying, we had a ball. And that's where I met my wife: Isabella. Though she preferred to be called Ella. She showed up in the most beautiful cerulean gown and glass slippers. Every woman there was pissed when I danced with her exclusively almost all night. But before midnight, she fled, but left a slipper. The next day, I made every single woman try on the slipper."

"Why would you need to have every woman try on a glass slipper? Didn't you remember her face? And why a glass slipper? If it breaks, she could get cut and that could lead to an infection that leads to her foot getting cut off," Snow said interrupting. 

"The magic from the Fairy Godfather Evan made the memory of her face hazy. Before you interrupt again, Ella was raised by a monstrous household by a stepfather Emilo and stepsisters who treated her like a slave. They even made her clean the chimney and shave the youngest stepsister Marta's back hair. A few hours before the ball, Evan showed up and magically got Ella ready for the ball. That included glass slippers. Evan felt she needed statement shoes that would set her apart from the other bitches as he called them," Miguel said and then paused because he knew Snow would have a comment.

"If he's a Fairy Godfather, why would he only show up to help her go to party? He could have used that magic to say, get her away from the abusive assholes," Snow said baffled. He thought his story about body switching with his stepfather was nuts, but a fairy showing up just to help a girl go drink some lukewarm punch was somehow crazier to him.

"I once asked Evan about that. He just said and I quote 'Sweetie, my specialty is helping basic bitches get some dick. I don't do heavy drama.' And then he got drunk and ranted about how he'll die alone and helping others find romance was a thankless job. Now back to the story. I had tried the slipper on about a hundred and fifty women by then, but I finally got to this one house. Ella's stepsisters Maria and Marta had chopped off toes to try and fit into the slipper. No doubt spurred on by Emilo. But then Ella came down and insisted on trying it on. The now bloody slipper was a perfect fit. I swept her into my arms and took her out of that place," Miguel said smiling at the memory.

"Severed toes?! People in Penedonia are hardcore about getting royal dick. The most I've ever had happen is an Earl's daughter offering her older brother's ass to me if I married her. It was a tempting offer since it was a nice ass, but I declined. I still had sex with her brother though." Miguel shot Snow a 'Be quiet' look. "Sorry. I'll stop being annoying."

"Anyway, people weren't happy. They had gotten to see how the royal family lives and had daughters passed over for a girl who cleaned chimneys. Not to mention the whole going around and making women try on ill-advised footwear. This fed into anger at us that had been brewing for years. A farmer named Hector had been secretly organizing a revolution for years. He had felt disrespected and ignored. He used the anger from my mistakes to galvanize people into overthrowing my father. A few months after I had married Ella, an angry mob sieged the castle. Guards tried to fight them off, but there were too many of them. It was a massacre. My entire family was killed. I tried to fight through the crowd to rescue Ella, but before I could get to her I saw Emilo. He smiled at me and then he slit Ella's throat," Miguel paused as he became too emotional.

Snow reached over and took Miguel's hand. "I'm so sorry that happened to you. Watching a loved one being murdered is the worst thing that can happen to you."

"I think your trauma might be a little worse since you had to see your own body commit the murder," Miguel said squeezing Snow's hand. He wondered why Sebastian would be so jealous of Snow. That was a handsome face that anyone would be lucky to have. 

Snow changed the subject. "How did you escape?"

"Evan showed up and teleported me here to Vertas. He took me to a warlock named Ravi who gave me a few magical items that would help me out." Miguel got up and retrieved a pouch from across the room. He pulled a ring from it and handed it to Snow. "Put it on. It will prevent someone from being able to track you magically."

Snow quickly put it on. "So how did you come to live with dwarves?"

"Well, being a prince I didn't have skills that would translate to the real world. And I didn't want to rely on the kindness of Evan and Ravi forever, so I became a sex worker," Miguel said with a smile. 

"You're a whore?!"

**************

Sebastian preened fully naked in front of the mirror in his bedroom. "Hello, I'm Snow. I like animals, befriending large black men twice my age and fucking the help! Tee hee." He turned around and presented his ass to the mirror. "Anton, is this the best butt in the kingdom?"

The mirror fogged up as Anton's face appeared. "Sir, there is a Hispanic whore about eight miles from here that is said to have the best butt."

Sebastian turned around and glared daggers at Anton. "The last man in the mirror was a lot nicer to me. And don't think that I don't know that you let him ago." 

"His force of will was just too strong, sir. He broke free," Anton said find the strength to lie. 

"I'm going to pretend I believe you because I can't really do anything to punish you. Well, other than making you compliment my elbows. Show me Snow," Sebastian ordered. 

"I can't, sir. I'm being magically blocked." 

"Motherfucker. That brat doesn't know how to do magic. How did he manage that? Oh, well. The old fashioned way will have to do. Leon will track him down for me and kill him for me. 'No, Leon. I'm your friend that you spit roast other men with. Please don't kill me!' So pathetic," Sebastian said cackling.
