 A couple of days had passed since Gyllen's fellatio fiasco in the Monster District. Though he may have looked like a sweet young man from the outside, behind closed doors he was slowly but surely turning into quite the little tart, replaying the scene over and over again in his head while he masturbated for the following nights, thinking about the exotic non-human cocks he got to suck. The raunchy clothes he wore that night came under his personal possession which he thought would make a great disguise whenever he went for Girly Nights Out with Min.

It was relatively early in the morning this day. While all the regular citizens were running their shops or tending their fields, the nobility would usually still be sleeping but Gyllen had gotten up in advance with the intent of seeing Min about something. He was looking into the mirror as he brushed his flawless, blonde hair looking into the mirror whilst wearing his expertly hand-made nightgown, making sure he was presentable for the coming day. There was a rap coming from the door to which Gyllen responded by saying:

"Come in!" The door slowly creaked open and in came Robert decked out in full gear: Noisy chain-mail with the Platina coat of arms displayed on a red tunic thrown over it and a brimmed helmet atop the crown of his head. In his right arm, resting on his shoulder, was an iron pike.

"Good morning, Prince Gyllen..." Rob mumbled. He blinked his eyes a couple more times and registered with him he was talking to the prince while he was still in his nightwear. "Oh, Gods! I didn't realise you weren't dressed, sir!" He turned around to leave.

"It's quite alright, Robert, I really don't mind. I wouldn't have told you to enter otherwise." Gyllen giggled.

"If you insist, my liege..."

"Well? Don't you have something to tell me?"

"Oh, right, almost forgot. Princess Jern is expected to arrive within the following fortnight, your majesty. That is all."

"Thank you, Robert." The prince smiled and the guard left unceremoniously. "Gods, he's so cute when he gets flustered..." Gyllen thought before returning to grooming himself.

Later on, Gyllen had sneaked out of the castle once again via the same route as before. The town was hustling and bustling as it was midday, actually working to Gyllen's advantage since he could just vanish into the masses with his hood over his face. He found a secluded alleyway, far from the crowds, and began to strip off his royal clothing. However, instead of turning this into a flasher story, Gyllen was wearing his 'casual' harlot's clothes underneath allowing for a quick change and was even carrying his platform heels with him underneath his cape. After peeling away his outer layer and bundling it in his cloak, rolling it up and putting it underneath his arm, he confidently strutted out into the streets knowing that nobody would suspect him of being a boy now, let alone the prince. He received a couple of lecherous looks from some old men and disgusted looks from a few old women as he hobbled his way to the Monster District.

When Gyllen did get to the ghetto, he was gawked at further by passer-bys, whether it was due to the fact he was a human, dressed so provocatively or a mixture of both he was unsure about. He turned the corner to go into Marie Queen's Close and bumped into a familiar bovine. It was Brizola, the hunky minotaur who had been granted the honour of being the first person to ever have his cock sucked by the Prince.

"Goldie!" Nice to see you again!" Brizola exclaimed.

"Oh...hello..." 'Goldie' replied.

"I'm on my break right now." The bold bull cupped a feel on Gyllen's flat chest. "Fancy a quick one back at mine?"

"Ah! No! Sorry, I'm in a bit of a hurry." Gyllen squeaked. 

"No worries. Another time then?"

"Yeah...sure..." Gyllen muttered, opening the door to Mrs. Hertz's as the horny minotaur went on his way.

Gyllen greeted the lady who ran the boarding home and went up to Min's shabby little room upstairs, knocking on the door as the goblin opened up.

"You're early." Min said.

"I'm surprised you were in. Don't you have a job?" Gyllen questioned.

"I have...a night-shift." Min answered as she invited Gyl inside. "Anyway, what's up?"

"Promise you won't ask any questions."

"Swear on me life."

"Well...there is somebody...who I wish to have...anal sex with...but I'm not sure how to go about it doing it." Gyllen's speech pattern was stilted as it usually was when he was nervous, finding it slightly humiliating to have to talk about a subject like this..

"So you think just 'cause I fool around with men every once in a while, you think I'm a total butt slut?" Min pouted.

"I didn't mean it like that! Just out of all the people I know, you seem like you would be...the most knowledgeable person to ask about this sort of thing."

"Na, just kiddin'! I know a couple o' things." She sound as though she was proud of it. She put her hand underneath her pillow and produced a little glass vial, filled about a quarter of the way with a clear, syrupy liquid "Here, take this. It's pretty much empty but I think there's enough for one round."

"What is it?" Gyllen held the container, examining its contents.

"Sex slime. Just get some in your arse and whatever dick that's going to ram it. It will be a LOT more pleasurable that doing it dry. Trust me. I know from experience." Min touched her behind as she said it, flashing back to a bad night.

"Ah, yes, I think I've heard of this before. Thank you so much!"

"Ah, don't worry about it. Have fun."

Gyllen arrived back at the castle and went about his day relatively normally, only difference being he had some sex slime hidden in his drawer for plans later this evening. After a hearty royal meal, he made his way towards the barracks in order to talk to Robert about something he had been thinking about for a while: how handsome he was. Gyllen had a feeling Robert may have been gay ever since the comment he about his pretty looks back in the country villa though he still was not 100% certain and figured the only way to find out was to directly ask him. The prince walked across the castle courtyard, where the barrack entrance was located, and found the small wooden door at the base of the south-western tower though Rob was actually standing just outside, back against the wall and spear being held lazily in his lax grip while looking down at the ground. Gyllen waited a few seconds, took a deep breath and walked up to him, his heart-beating so quickly he could swear he could hear it.

"Robert?" The prince called his name. Rob immediately stood to attention with his proud aura around him. He was quite a bit taller than Gyllen though he was only a couple years older than him and had cute, boyish features on his round face but with dark eyes filled with determination. Though it was hard to tell as he was wearing an iron helmet, he kept his chestnut coloured hair cut short though it was a little messy with slight curls on the fringe. The rest of his body was covered by what he was wearing earlier today but no doubt would require great strength and stamina to keep on for several hours at a time.

"Good evening, sir." Robert said. 

"Um...not to pry or anything, but you looked quite upset. Is something bothering you?" Gyllen asked.

"Oh, it's nothing, my liege...just a bit bored, you know?" Robert chuckled "Sorry, sir, I shouldn't make light of my duties."

"I take no offence, Robert. It's good to speak your mind sometimes." Gyllen smiled. "So...um...it's pretty cold outside tonight." The prince tried to make small talk with the guard, while playing with a thick strand of his perfect locks.

"You're not kidding! What I wouldn't give for a nice hot bowl of mum's soup right about now..." Robert rambled. Gyllen suddenly came up with an idea.

"If you want...you could use the royal bath to heat yourself up."

"Sir, you've got to be joking. I'm just a lowly soldier."

"Don't be so modest, you're a very hard worker. I personally give you permission myself to use the royal bath. Think of it as a reward for your bodyguard service you did for me during my holiday."

"Thank you, my prince." Robert genuflected.

"It will be our little secret..."

The royal bath was similar in design to the one in the villa: a room carved from stone with steps descending into the rectangular, steaming pool which was lined with benches around it's perimeter. Robert squirmed from his armour, throwing it off not without even a concern that it may rust on the moist floor. He stripped from his underclothes, standing alone and naked in the mist. His well-toned chest, abdominal muscles and strong legs, results from his many years of difficult training, were covered in dark, masculine hair. A thick bush of pubes surrounding his flaccid, uncut love muscle and heavy sack of testicles completed his manly look. Rob dipped his toe into the water, causing small ripples, veryfying it was a satisfying temperature before dipping into the bath. He slumped down on the stone bench underneath the surface and sighed as he soaked up the warm liquids.

"Beats a tub any day." Robert thought to himself. After a few minutes of carefree relaxing, Robert heard the door creak open behind him. He turned around to see the prince waltz in then locking eyes with the other man while he was naked in the tub.

"Oh, sir, what are you doing here?" Robert asked.

"I-I just wanted to see how you were doing." Gyllen replied, trying not to show his shy state.

"I'm doing fab! Thanks again."

"That's great." The prince began to meekly undress from his expensive, elaborate clothing as Robert watched him.

"Uh, sir, what are you doing?" Robert asked, blushing slightly.

"I was going to come in too. You don't mind, do you?"

"N-n-not at all! It's just that you are usually so sheepish about being naked." Robert continued to stare at the undressing prince and Gyllen pretended to be disinterested in the fact he was being perved on, putting his hair over his face to hide his red cheeks. 

"I've gotten a bit more confident with my body." The prince eventually got bare after his mini-striptease for Robert to see, who was unable to take his eyes away from the exposed femboy right in front of him, crossing his legs so his erection would not be quite so obvious. Gyl continue act aloof as he elegantly walked down the marble steps into the tranquil pond and, of all the places he could have went in the virtually empty bath, chose to sit right up next to the guard. 

"Oh, gods, he's naked! The prince is naked and in a bath with me!" Robert shouted in his head just confirm that this was really happening.

The pair sat together in awkward silence. Gyllen was washing his golden locks and Robert was just sitting as stiff as a board, zoned out and trying to hide his agitated state.

"Robert?" Gyllen said, gently washing his hair.

"Yes!?" Robert replied, snapping back to reality.

"Would you like me to wash your back?" The prince enthusiastically stood up in the shallow waters, facing towards Robert, liquid from his fine frame and his short cock half-submerged into the water. Rob turned his head away to avoid staring at the phallus 

"Y-you mean you're going to t-touch my n-naked body...with your hands?" Robert stuttered. Gyllen just nodded in reply. Not wanting to come off as rude, Rob complied. He stood up barely covering his large genitals with his hands and faced away from the young prince. Gyllen picked up a bar of soap in a little indent in the wall of the pool and bubbled it up in his soft hands. With white foam formed in his mitts, Gyllen moved his hands onto Robert's broad shoulders and caressed them gently causing goosebumps all over the guard's body.

"How does it feel?" Gyllen asked.

"Pretty good, sir..." Robert replied. Gyllen's incredibly soft and warm massage calmed him down a little.

"Please just call me 'Gyllen.'"

"As you wish, si...Gyllen." The prince continued to wash around Robert's upper back before sliding his hands down to below his waist and cupped his firm arse cheeks which made the soldier yelp in surprise.

"W-what are you touching me there for?" Robert inquired, hoping Gyllen could not see his growing erection.

"It's part of your back isn't it, silly?" Gyllen laughed. Gyllen fondled Robert's arse cheeks in his palms, squeezing them gently together and kneading them into the guard's body. Rob even let out a quiet moan as he felt Gyllen's hot breath panting against his neck. 

"Aren't you being a little too rough, Gyllen?" Robert winced while looking over his shoulder. His cock was starting to stand-up straight.

"Sorry, I thought a big, tough soldier like you could take it." Gyllen teased him as he started to get more stiff himself, just barely missing from poking against his behind with his boner though Rob was currently unaware of it.

"You sound like you're doing it on purpose..."

"Of course I am!" Gyllen smirked, circling his hands around Rob's waist to grope onto his increasingly hardening dick just for a second before Robert broke away from the prince's hold and sat back down onto the bench in embarrassment so his erection could be obscured by the water surface.

"IthinkI'mcleanenoughnowsir!" Robert blurted out, avoiding Gyllen's line of sight and trying his best to hide his erect penis from view. The prince sat back down next to Rob, now much more uncomfortably closer than he was before, pressing their shoulders together and whispering in his ear:

"Remember when you said I was gorgeous, Robert?"

"Y-yeah...?" Robert timidly replied.

"Do you still think that?"

"...you're very pretty, Prince Gyllen." Robert mumbled. The prince simply responded with a peck on the cheek before saying:

"And I think you're very handsome, Robert..." Gyllen said.

"My liege..." Robert touched where Gyllen had kissed him with his fingertips before hugging the golden beauty tightly in his arms and locking him into a kiss. Gyllen's eyes bugged out, shocked at how forward the guard was being but cooled down a little and just enjoyed the kiss, closing his eyelids, feeling Rob's stubble scratch against his chin and even rubbing his tongue along the guard's lips. Robert broke away from the smooch, with a long string of saliva connecting their two mouths.

"Oh, Gods! Please forgive me, sir! I couldn't control myself!" Robert shouted.

"It's alright, Robert." Gyllen calmly replied while getting to his feet, showing his upright penis with the glans barely peeking out from his foreskin. "As you can see, I quite enjoyed it." 

"Well...I did too..." Robert stood back up with him, showing his own. A little bit shorter than what Gyllen imagined but still larger than average.

"I'm going to be blunt, Robert." Gyllen said with a straight face. "I want to have sex with you. It's alright if you say no. I understand."

"Gyllen, I would really like to and I'm flattered by the offer but.." Robert began to say but was interrupted before he could finish.

"Oh, I see." Gyllen pouted. "Because you're a commoner and I'm royalty? Can't we just forget our class divisions?"

"Actually...I'm a virgin..." Robert muttered. Gyllen's jaw dropped.

"B-b-but you're so HOT!" The prince exclaimed.

"Thank you, sir." Robert smiled. "I guess I just haven't met the right boy yet."

"Until now?"

"I want to but I'm afraid I'll just cock it up and make a total arse of myself."

"Don't worry, this will be my first time having proper sex with a man." Gyllen reassured the guard. "Just let me handle everything." 

Gyllen went back up the steps and out the bath, his shapely bum jiggling as he walked and reached into a pocket of his crumpled up doublet lying on the floor and pulled out a familiar container: the sex slime. He hopped back into the pool with the awaiting soldier.

"Can you just bend over the edge?"

"As you wish, sir." Robert did so, putting his upper body over the ledge of the bath, causing his arse cheeks to part slightly. "Like this?"

"I think that will do." Gyllen popped the stopper off the flask and tipped it over onto his index and middle fingers. The goo oozed out slowly, coating his digits, then he placed his fingers inbetween Robert's buns. The guard felt a tingly sensation up his spine when Gyllen brushed past his untouched puckered hole before yelling out loudly as his back door was plugged into by two slender fingers. "Oh, was I too rough, Robert?" A worried Gyllen asked.

"It's nothing..." Robert sighed. "After all, aren't I a big, tough soldier?" Gyllen grinned and moved his fingers back and forth in his swallowing sphincter, twisting them as he pushed forward, making sure that Rob's inside were nice and slippery, ready to take something slightly larger.

Gyllen pulled his digits out with a thin, gooey strand dribbling from the tips. The prince emptied the remaining contents of the bottle onto his erection and masturbated for a few seconds, a wet slapping noise echoed throughout the room when he brought his fist down on his young, barely legal dick, making sure to get it all oiled as well as pulling back the thin hood of skin that coated his glans. Primed and ready, he held onto Robert's narrow hips, directing his prick towards the guard's virgin arsehole. Gyllen lightly pushed his hips forward, gently breaking into Robert's anus, spreading it apart and filling his rectum which caused Rob to wince and grunt.

"Does it hurt?" Gyllen asked.

"No, no, it's fine. Keep going." Robert replied. The prince's less-than-impressive size of his manhood actually worked to their advantage. Being Rob's first time, it would have probably been ideal to start smaller as he could get used to the sensation. Feelings of pleasure coursed through his body, the likes of which he never felt before as his strong hands gripped onto the edge of the bath. Meanwhile, Gyllen was busy fucking into Rob from behind, though he was going rather slow, afraid he would hurt the guard if he went any faster though temptation got the better of him and he squeezed onto Robert's stiff, muscular arse cheeks though there was not much to grab onto compared to, say, Min. Robert's anal walls tightened up around Gyllen's cock, both naturally and due to Rob intentionally flexing his back-hole, not wanting to let go of the princely dick and almost drying to milk him dry for his young semen. Gyllen whimpered in pleasure as he bent his upper body so his chest was now touching the guard's back. Gyl wrapped his arms around Robert's chest, going a bit faster with his waist, working harder or pounding into Rob's arsehole which cause the guard to let out some rather unfitting, effeminate moans. Gyllen cupped on Robert's well-built pecs, teasing his nipples underneath the curled, black hairs on his chest and nibbling on his ear.

"Gods! Gyllen! Where did you learn these kind of things?" Robert exhaled.

"Oh, you know...lots of reading..." The prince smiled, licking and kissing on Rob's robust neck.

Robert flipped over after a while, resting his back down on the stone bench in the shallow part of the bath. Looking Gyllen straight in the eye before they travelled down his body to really affirm the fact the prince was anally impaling him as it seemed like he was in a dream, a fantasy, but nope. Gyllen really did take his virginity and was still going. Gyllen rested Rob's heavy, athletic legs on his shoulders, getting a better angle to pound him into, his little cock stirring up Rob's interior. Robert kept his hands fixed onto whatever surface he could hold onto so he would not slip into the water as his dick shook back and forth. Gyllen was hypnotised by the waggling penis and took hold of it which made the guard arch his back as it was a highly sensitive area. Gyllen felt it pulsate slightly in his paw, and jerked it up and down in time to his thrusting rhythm, fascinated how his foreskin never stayed over his tip. With his other hand, he firmly held onto his sagging ballsack, feeling the shape of his spherical testicles.
