 EDITOR'S NOTE: Story contains nonconsentual sex.

*

The first excerpt I played was a total mess, my bow was shaking so much I couldn't even draw it across the cello. The second excerpt in the audition was even worst, as well as having bow shakes my right hand seized up and I came in late after every pause. By the end of the third excerpt Ron called out for me to stop. I kept my eyes down so the panel wouldn't see my eyes welling up and I quickly stood up and left the stage. 

Ron had been the reason why I had such stage fright, everyone was scared of him. He had sat there and seemed as if he was barely listening, his huge legs resting on the chair in front of him. He had been reading a paper and didn't even acknowledge me once before I had played. How I wished I could play even half as effortlessly as he played the cello, the immense size of him made the cello look like a toy when he performed and his muscular arms looked as if he could snap the bow in half as he was playing. 

After running off stage and hurriedly packing away my cello I checked my phone and saw at least five messages from Dee. I couldn't stomach it. I had failed yet another casual audition, and this time it hurt even more as I couldn't afford to live with my girlfriend any longer without a steady job position. I literally had almost no idea about what I could do to pass next time round. Turning off my phone I escaped the concert hall and walked into the nearest pub. 

I was about four pints in when I saw Ron walk straight towards me. He didn't ask for an invitation and sat across from me on a bar stool.

"I thought I might find you in here," he said with a smirk.

"It didn't go quite as I wanted to."

"Quite obviously." He looked me up and down. "How old are you anyway?" he asked. I told him I had just turned 19.

He looked me up and down and stroked his beard. I felt as if I was being assessed once again, and there was something arrogant and almost sinister in the way he was appraising me. 

"You know I won my Principal position in the orchestra twenty five years ago when I wasn't much older than you."

I shrugged not really knowing what to say. "You have had poor teaching it's obvious." I sighed into my beer, the last thing I wanted was for him to go through my many faults straight after a failed audition. "Luckily enough everything about your shit technique can be fixed, with the right teaching and motivation." He smiled.

"I'm really sorry I wasted your time in there."

"Not at all a problem son." He paused and then propositioned me, "My apartment is just across the road, I would like you to come with me and we can discuss your technique and the way forward for you."

I was pretty amazed he would even bother with helping me but I immediately wasn't keen on the idea. "Wow thanks Ron, it's just..." 

"What?"

"Well I have had about four pints and I'm not sure I could play very well right now."

"It doesn't matter, we need to fix some of these things immediately. You want to win a casual audition don't you? In fact you should have come and seen me before if you were serious about it."

"Sorry... it's just that I don't have any money to pay you for a lesson."

"Don't worry about it, we can sort something out later," he then stood up and left the bar expecting me to follow.

I half walked, half stumbled after him, lugging my huge cello case across the road. We went up a few flights of stairs before he beckoned me through a door into his apartment. I shuffled in nervously as he carried on into the kitchen and made himself a scotch. He beckoned over to the living area which had a large window overlooking the concert hall. It had two chairs facing each other and he invited me to sit in one as he sat in the other. Our knees were almost touching and I felt unnerved by the whole thing, he hadn't once stopped looking at me the entire time we'd been in the apartment.

"Right," he started. "First we need to fix the way you sit."

With that he leaned forward and with his hands he grabbed behind my waist and pushed outwards so that my chest was straight.

"This is the first thing that hasn't been correct, causing all sorts of tension in your playing." 

I was nodding and agreeing with him although my mind was not totally present. It was his smell, it was very strong and overpowering. A mix of cologne and scotch, and it was making it very difficult to concentrate. 

He leaned back to appraise me, and then he grabbed the top of my shoulders and pressed down with his meaty fingers. 

"See? Look at all this tension!" He said as he probed my shoulder and neck muscles roughly. "Can you feel these knots?" 

"YES" I half squealed at the pain.

"You need a solid work over kid," he said. 

"You need to get rid of these knots or you will probably really injure yourself. Come follow me." With that he stood up and beckoned me through another doorway.

"Where are we going?" I bleated out.

"You need to come and lie down so I can work on your muscles properly."

I followed him into his bedroom and waited hesitantly by the door. He told me to lie on the bed and take my shirt off. I told him I'd prefer if I kept it on.

"I can't give you a proper massage if you have it on kid," he said. 

So I reluctantly took it off and lay face down on his huge king size bed. After a few moments he came behind me and started rubbing oil into my skin. I was slowly becoming aware of how odd all of this was, he was literally hovering on top of me and giving me a massage, and I hoped that he didn't have the wrong idea about me. I soon forgot about this though as I relaxed into his massage. He was very good, although sometimes his large hands worked too hard at the tight muscles of my neck and I couldn't help but yelp. 

"Stop being such a baby Josh," he laughed.

"Sorry," I moaned into the soft quilt covers. I felt him slowly work his way further down my back. 

"You're going to have to take off your pants too, I can't work on your lower back muscles like this."

For a few seconds I was silent, I really was quite embarrassed and not comfortable at all with this.

"Do you want me to help you or not?" he asked with a tinge of anger in his voice. 

"Sorry, just embarrassed!" I said.

"Don't be," he commanded as he pulled off my jeans.

He proceeded to work on my lower back and hips but then came a moment that I should have known was coming. He leaned over me so that he was actually pressing down on me and I could feel his heavy breathing just over my neck. He leaned over and kissed me roughly on the cheek. I immediately froze, my eyes going wide into the quilts.

He chuckled into my ear. "Just relax Josh, I'm not going to hurt you."

I whispered, "Ron..."

"Shhhh," he whispered back as he reached down with his right hand to rest on my ass.

"Ron I have a girlfriend."

Then I heard him almost hiss. "You think you're going to ever get a job in this orchestra if you act and play so selfishly? I'm trying to help you!"

I was almost paralysed with fright.

"Please Ron..."

"What you need is to learn to be more sensitive, and I am going to help you with that," he said as he started tearing down my undies.

He worked them off more suddenly than I expected and I started trying to get out from under him. He wasn't having any of that though and he leaned in harder against me so I was completely pinned and barely able to breathe. 

"Relax kiddo," I could smell his alcohol-laden breathe as he breathed into my face. "Help me out here and you won't have to play another audition, you can come play with the orchestra straight away."

At this point I was almost in complete panic and trying to buck him off me, but he was almost twice my size and I had no chance. Despite my struggles and cries he found my asshole with his oily middle finger and pushed way too suddenly so it was half way up my ass. I had never had anything in my ass before, and the pain (even though his finger was oiled) was incredibly intense. 

"Shhhhhh, shhhhhh," he whispered into my ear as I yelled. With his other hand he held my head into the quilts to muffle me. He quickly pushed in the rest of his finger and I felt a cross between stuffed and impaled. "Relax," he ordered. "Relax."

When I realised that there was nothing I could do to stop him I stopped fighting him, and we lay there motionless for a while, his finger was not moving but it was up to the knuckle in my burning ass. 

Once he knew I had stopped fighting him he reached around with his other hand and grabbed my dick in his hand. He slowly started massaging it and with my horror it started to go hard almost immediately. "See this isn't so bad is it," he chuckled. As he was rubbing my dick he started moving his finger up and down inside my ass. To my amazement my dick was becoming rock hard in his grip, and the feeling in my ass was becoming less painful and more and more a feeling of intense warmth.

After a few more minutes of this treatment I came explosively all over his hand and his quilt and I heard him breath sharply with satisfaction. With relief I felt him lift some of himself off me, I was still happy for it all to be over, mostly out of embarrassment at how easily he had made me cum and how good it felt. With dread though I realised he wasn't done with me yet. He had moved to get out his cock. I looked around at him and he smiled down at me, one hand stroking his big cock and the other on my shoulder. "It's my turn." And as he pushed my head back into the quilt I felt the head of his cock screw into my asshole. 

It was pretty obvious how little he cared how it felt for me, because as soon as he had mounted me he began thrusting inside me as fast and as hard as he could. I was gasping with the new pain that felt like it was tearing up my insides and he grabbed and pushed my head with both hands every time he thrust into me with his cock. I could hear him breathing faster and faster as he fucked me and he stuck half of the fingers of one hand into my mouth and pulled backwards so my back was arched. Shortly afterwards I could feel him expand inside me and he let out a roar as he filled up my colon with hot semen. 

He lay on top of me panting with his fingers still in my mouth and told me softly "You've passed your casual audition but we still have to work on your technique. I'll see you tomorrow."