 The following is my first story it is all fiction. I might put a part 2 if there's interest in it. Sorry in advance for the grammar mistakes. I'm not the best at writing. Please give me constructive criticism if you have any. Enjoy

*

Steven was your average college kid. He went to parties did good at school and was super involved on campus. He had always dated women and had one of the hottest girls on campus to claim as his own. Steven was from rural Georgia and grew up in a backwoods part of the country where interracial marriages and gay marriages still weren't accepted. Steven was more open to the world than his town, which was a major reason why he left to attend the college. Steven always felt deep down that he was attracted to guy and girls, however the repercussions of dating a guy would have destroyed his relationships with his peers and family back home. For the reasons Steven always kept the thoughts in the far back of his mind.

Steven was well known on campus and was the person the guys wanted to hang around and the guy the ladies wished their boyfriends could be more like. Steven was seen as an attractive white guy with perfect white teeth, jet black hair, slim but non masculine body, a thick charming southern accent, and he was 5 '10. Steven wasn't too blessed downstairs only a 4 ½ inch dick, but what he lacked in size he made up for in personality and looks. 

One day in November Steven was driving home from a party he had a few drinks, but not as many as he would of liked. He was driving his girlfriend Sarah home. Once he dropped her off he made his way in his big F-150 home. The drive was quit boring. The entire road was nonstop woods. Steven was half asleep trying to get to his house. All of a sudden he felt a thump and the truck started to spin. The truck spun out into a ditch and Steven blacked out.

When he woke up it was morning and he was handcuffed to a hospital bed. An overweight cop in a tan uniform was sitting in the corner reading a magazine. "You got lucky son" said the cop. 

Steven in a very crackly voice asked where he was at and what had happened.

The cop responded that he had ran over a bicyclist and he spun out and banged his head on the steering wheel and got a concussion.

Steven was horrified he couldn't remember even seeing a bicyclist at any point on the way home.

Steven asked if they were alright, to which the cop put down the magazine and said that they lived however they suffered so bad that the chance of them ever walking, talking, or doing anything normal again was low. The officer also told him that they found a 2.5 BAC in Stevens blood, which was way over the legal limit.

Steven began to cry softly in the hospital bed, he felt so much pain for his situation but he felt even more for the person whose life he ruined.

A few days later Steven was transported from the Hospital to the county jail where he was booked to await trail. Once they got his basic information he was asked to strip naked by the male intake officer. Steven complied drooping his pants and underwear to the ground. The officer then did a full body check and when he conducted the cavity search Stevens cock got rock hard. Steven was mortified he was trying his best to think of non-sexual things, however it was hard to do considering he had three fingers in hiss asshole. 

After the search was completed the officer noticed his little rod standing tall. The officer told Steven, "If you enjoyed that, there plenty more on the inside once you get inside."

Stevens face was a red as a cherry from the embarrassment of this. He hurried up and put on the white boxers and orange jumpsuit. And was escorted to his cell.

The jail was pretty elaborate the officer took Steven on an elevator and down many hallways before they reached the dormitory. The cell was empty and Steven placed his stuff down and took a nap.

The next few months were a blur really. Steven was in out of seeing family and lawyers. None of the inmate really gave Steven too much trouble. Steven had pled guilty and on the day of sentencing the judge read out a sentence of 5 years. Steven was completely numb at this point. His mom cried, but Steven couldn't take in too much because he was quickly escorted to a van that drove him to the state prison.

The ride wasn't too bad only about 2 hours long till they arrived at the gate. The inmates he traveled with were all searched, but this time Steven was able to keep his dick soft when the officer probed is ass. Steven was placed into Cell C-9. When he arrived a big black guy named Mike was sitting on the top bunk. Mike introduced himself to Steven and began giving him the ropes of the prison. Steven didn't say much. Ever since the crash Steven was depressed, gloomy, and was really not himself. 

That night after dinner at around 10 was lights out. Steven tried closing his eyes to hopefully escape the world and the circumstances he was trapped into. When in the middle of the night Mike got up and start to talk to Steven. Mike said "Look I've been in here for 9 years, I'm one of the strongest people in her and I can help you. I've also got connections with everyone. People have already been talking about who's going to rape you first. I don't want to see that happen so here's my plan. Either you become my wife tonight and forever you are my bitch or I can let them have you and you can be everyone's bitch and I'll still be able to fuck you."

Steven was shocked but didn't really have much of a choice. He decided to become Mikes bitch and take his protection. Steven felt it would be better to be with one man than to be with everyone on the cell block. Mike was happy about the choice, but then started to lay down the rules "I have 10 rules for you. If you follow all ten then you will be fine and safe".

Mikes 10 Rules

1) You are from now on a girl and your name is now Stephanie or Steph. In the bottom draw is everything you need to become a girl. There is Panties, bras, skirts, short shorts, tank tops, dresses, and of course Makeup. Whenever you need anything new let me know. You are to wear these items 24/7. You must behave like a women and talk like a woman as well.

2) You will pleasure 3 times a day. 2 times a day I will fuck your pussy and you will give me head the other time. I will not ask more than this from you. You are to douche before I fuck you.

3) You will take hormone shots.

4) You will not let others fuck you for extra money unless I approve of it.

5) You are responsible for cleaning the cell and cooking me any meals I ask of you.

6) You are to do all my Laundry 

7) You will not do any drugs and drink any booze without my consent 

8) You will write and tell all family and friends that you are Big Mikes Wife and Birch for here on out.

9) You are to do exactly what I say when I say, no questions and respond with sir

10) Failure to abide by or break any of the 9 rules will resort in extra punishment which I will decide.

After Mike told Steph these rules. Steph was turned on by this. All of the depression and glumness she had was suddenly gone. Mike then told Steph that they would start tomorrow morning and was going to the top bunk, when Steph stopped him in his tracks. She reached up and gabbed big mikes pants and pulled them down exposing his 10 inch cock. Steph immediately attacked in shoving the whole rod down his throat. This was the first cock Steph had ever sucked. Mike was blown away by this, but smiled and petted Steph's head and said "we're going to get along just fine." Steph sucked and swallowed his cum like a pro and then the two went to sleep.

Steph didn't get much sleep. She woke up early early and stared working on her make up. Years of watching her girlfriends do it. made Steph a semi pro. Once she completed it She put on a Pink G string, Volleyball shorts, a training bra, and tank top, Steph's cock was Hard as a rock in the tight shorts. Steph had never felt like she had belonged anywhere until now. She douched her ass and was ready for Mike to wake up. 

Once mike woke up he asked her if she was ready. Steph nodded, Mike then took out his cock and Steph sank to her knees and began to pleasure him. After a few mins he took it out of her mouth and coated his dick in lube and told Steph to lay down on her stomach. Mike began pulling down her shorts and moved the g string to the side. He started lubing her ass he started with the outside and then inserted a finger into her tight asshole. She moaned with each stroked of his smooth fingers. Each time he reached further in to put more lube. Mike pulled out his fingers and got over Steph. He placed each of his knee around her thighs and started to lean down. He moved her panties to the side. He started to poke her hole with his cock he pushed and pushed until POP. His tip was inside her, Steph let out a shriek. She knew it would hurt but not this bad. Mike left it in there for a min then pushed even further into her. Steph could feel every inch of her virgin hole spread as his cock came in. 

Mike then started fucking her after a few rotations he shoved his cock as far as he could. His pubes were smacking against Steph's ass. The pain was incredible at first but then it transformed into the best feeling Steph had ever felt. She started meeting his rhythm and began to pull and shove her ass to meet his thrust. Her cock which was harder than metal started spewing cum all over her bed. Her cum was no match for the tight little G string. After around 15 mins of pure love Steph could feel warm liquid flowing into her ass. Mike pulled his cock out and shoved It in Steph's mouth. She did a good job a douching but his cock still tasted like ass. After she was doing cleaning his cock she fixed her panties and pulled up her shorts. They were both ready for the day.