 **Author's Note**

I apologize to my readers and followers. I know it's been a long time coming. After the Lit police rejected Chapter 31, I was at a loss, as it completely destroyed my story line as I had planned it, and I fell into a severe 'writers block.'

I finally settled down a couple weeks ago, threw out the original Ch 31 and started on this—The final Chapter. Had Chapter 31 not been rejected there likely would have been 3 or 4 more chapters, but I guess that was not to be.

Hopefully, this Final Chapter will be acceptable, and then I will get back to work on another story I was writing, "DJ."

As always, comments are appreciated, and also tend to spur me on to write more. 

* * * * * * * * * * *

(from the tail end of Chapter 30)

It was just about 4:30 PM on Thursday afternoon when the fax machine spit out a message addressed to Ruben Styles from the State Department of Corrections. Sean retrieved the message, read it, and his heart sank. He picked it up and knocked on Ruben's door. Ruben called for Sean to come in.

Sean, entering Ruben's office, "This just came in on the fax, bad news, boss, real bad!" He handed the fax to Ruben.

Ruben read the fax, first scowling, then frowning, then holding his head in his hands.

"Sean, did you read it?"

"Yes, sir."

"It's classified information. You must promise me you will not mention this to any of the students. They will need to know. I will have a meeting tomorrow night and break it to them, as gently as I can."

"Those fuckin' bastards! They're reneging on their agreement with us. Thirty days! That's all they're giving us, thirty fucking days! Sean, please don't breathe a word about this. I'll present all the information to the students tomorrow night, and let them know what we're up against."

Final Chapter - W-11 Friday Morning

Ruben walked into the cafeteria and caught Mike on the line.

"I would guess you're the cook in charge this morning?" Ruben asked, with a facial expression much more serious than normal.

"Yes, sir," Mike responded, "Are you okay, sir?"

"Not really, Mike, this is not a very good day for me. Today is the last for both Ivan and Mitch, if I can ask you to do the cake thing?"

"Certainly, Mr. Styles," Mike answered, "Can I ask what is wrong?"

"You can ask, but I cannot tell you. The school is heading into major crises. I'm going to have another mandatory meeting tonight after chow, and I will explain to everyone just what we are facing. I know you and Troy opened this morning, but I still want you at the meeting. We can celebrate our departing friends after the meeting. I want to start the meeting at 6:00 PM."

"I will give Vern and the others a heads up about the meeting and farewell party," Mike said. Styles fixed a light plate of food and then headed back toward his office.

No sooner had Ruben arrived at the office, he noticed a new fax had arrived. He retrieved it immediately, with hopes that the DOC had maybe had a change of heart. When he read it, what little appetite he may have had completely disappeared, and he shoved the plate of food to the side.

Hoping he had misread the order from DOC, Styles read it again and went into frenzy, yelling, screaming and banging the desk with his fists. Sean, just walking into the front office, was alarmed, hearing the commotion in Ruben's office. Instead of knocking, he just walked in. He'd never seen Mr. Styles so upset as he was today.

"Mr. Styles," Sean yelled, "What's happened?"

Ruben wasn't even able to speak coherently, he just pointed to the fax, and Sean picked it up and started to read it.

* * * * * * * * * *The fax* * * * * * * * * * *

From: Department of Corrections

To: Mr. Ruben Styles

Subject: Transition of Prison School to Juvenile Detention Center

After careful consideration, we have decided to move the complete transition to this coming Monday, (Date). As previously arranged, the first busload of detainees will be arriving sometime between 9:00 AM and 11:00 AM.

Please ensure that your remaining twenty inmates are prepared to board the same bus which will transport them to the Penitentiary for in-processing and to complete their time of incarceration. There will be armed security on the bus. 

Just to insure safety for everyone, we have already placed armed security around the perimeter of the campus, and will have some armed security inside before 5:00 PM today (Friday), just in case of any uprisings. 

We hope, with your cooperation, this transition will go smoothly.

You may go ahead and lay off your current cafeteria staff effective Sunday night as our new cafeteria crew will be arriving to take over at 6:00 AM Monday morning, and they will prepare breakfast for your remaining inmates on Monday morning, as well as lunch for the new detainees. 

The second busload of detainees will arrive Tuesday morning, however this should not be of any concern to you.

* * * * * * * * * * *

W-11 Friday evening after 5:00 PM:

Most of the students entering the cafeteria were alarmed and apprehensive as to the presence of the two armed security officers they didn't recognize.

Jeremy, as the trainers and trainees came through the chow line in the cafeteria, "Hang around after dinner, Mr. Styles is having a mandatory meeting at 6:00 PM, and then we're having a going away celebration for Mitch and Ivan after the meeting."

All 22 of the remaining students were either just sitting around, or, some that came in late were still eating when Ruben came into the cafeteria, pulling the podium out from the wall, and placing a stack of papers on it.

"Gentlemen," Styles announced, with a serious expression on his face "I have a mixed bag of information to present to you this evening. A couple of good things, and a major setback. I'll start with the positive items. Mitch, Ivan, can you come up here please."

Ruben continued, as Mitch and Ivan approached the podium, "We appreciate the service these two trainers have given us, and I am pleased to announce that they will be returning to society tomorrow. I am going to ask them to do their last service to the school right now."

Ivan spoke, "It has been my pleasure to have helped to train quite a number of students in this school, to get certified as carpenters. This week, I would like to thank Darin for really coming to the front, coaching Bryan, so that he could pass his certification test yesterday. Bryan, please come up and accept your certificate."

Bryan and Darin both stood, and Darin hugged Bryan with a smile on his face, and Bryan then walked to the podium. Ivan, while shaking Bryan's hand, gave him the certificate, and offered congratulations.

Mitch then spoke, "Ivan couldn't have presented our feelings any better. Both he and I are pleased that we have completed the training of our students, and I have to thank Rick for helping Corey to pass his exam yesterday. It's incredible, both Corey and Bryan completed their training in these fields, in only 10 weeks! Corey, come on up here."

Corey stood, smiling, and told Rick a quiet 'thank you' and walked up, receiving both his certification, and a hug from Mitch. All four men then returned to their seats.

"Before I forget, Ivan, Mitch, please be in the office about 8:00 AM tomorrow morning, the man from security will be here to remove those bracelets from your wrists."

"As you know," Ruben resumed, "We are going through a major transition, from the school as we know it, to a Juvenile Detention Facility. We previously expected this change to take place over a few weeks, however, DOC has changed their plans. On Monday morning, the State is bringing in the first batch of J***'* and they will occupy Dorm Two."

"Now," Ruben continued, "I need to explain some changes I would have hoped I never would need to discuss. I received a startling and upsetting fax today, from the Department of Corrections. We had made a deal earlier, that all of you students would be able to complete your training here and finish your time here. They have reneged on that agreement."

"It would seem that the profits of operating a detention center has taken precedence over our agreement. As per the order we received today, the DOC has given us 3 days to vacate Dorm One. I have run off several copies of the fax, which you are welcome to read."

"We have, I believe, eight students here, two in Masonry, two in Plumbing, and four in Culinary Arts, that have not taken their certification exams yet. The best case scenario, is for the trainers in these fields to push the hell out of you guys and prepare you to take those exams Sunday, and maybe you will all get certified." 

"I have contacted the people at certification and explained the situation here. They told me to go ahead and have you guys take the exams this weekend, and if I fax them in Sunday night they will grade them Monday morning, 

"I know I'm not usually around here on Sunday, but I will be here this week. It is my intention to administer the certification exams at 8:00 PM Sunday evening, here in this room. I will fax them in Sunday night, however, I know it will may a couple of days to get the results back. It is highly doubtful we'll get the results before you guys leave."

Sean raised his hand.

"Sean, you want to speak?"

"Mr. Styles," Sean asked, "what becomes of those of us who still have time to serve?"

"That," Ruben stated, "is the most devastating and heartbreaking part of the order! As per the fax, any students still here Monday will be returned to the penitentiary to finish their time. At least," Ruben continued, "if we can get you men all certified, they can't take away your certifications. When I can find someone to talk to, there may be a possibility that some of you may be able to get some 'good time' applied, and, hopefully, not have to go back to the pen. I swear I'm going to do whatever I can. This whole dilemma is breaking my heart!" 

Ruben used his sleeve to wipe some tears that were sliding down his cheek. Most of the students were nearly in a state of shock, and were just looking at each other, and many also were grabbing napkins. This was a fate that none of them were prepared for. Ivan stood up, and Ruben acknowledged him.

Ivan spoke, "I certainly never expected this to happen. I feel very fortunate that Mitch and I are leaving tomorrow and will be returning to our families, but my heart cries for those of you who may be sent back. Not mentioning any names, (Ivan stares at Darin and Bryan) I know that some of you have developed some very close relationships. I think it appropriate to suggest that those of you who wish to maintain contact make sure you get some information from each other, such as home addresses and phone numbers, so you will be able to make contact down the line."

"Well stated," Ruben commented, "Thank you Ivan." 

LaVerne was next to stand, and was also recognized by Ruben.

"Just wondering, sir," Vern asked, "Once we're all shipped out, who is going to cook for these J***'*, and who is going to take care of the grounds?"

"The state is hiring cooks and maintenance workers to replace you all. My understanding is that the new cooks will be here at 6:00 AM on Monday morning and will prepare the final breakfast for you guys Monday. I have no idea what they will serve you. The last item on the agenda," raising his voice a little, "Do we have cake?"

As if on cue, Stephen carried out the sheet cake that had the message 'Good luck, Ivan and Mitch' on the top. Jeremy brought out plastic plates and forks.

"It's only cake tonight," Vern stated, "as we are out of ice cream. There is still coffee and iced tea."

There was a notable lacking of happiness tonight. Nobody was smiling, quite a difference from previous departure celebrations. There were a number of somber faces, chatting with each other, and showing the emotions of sadness.

Bryan and Darin, in unison, "Mr. Styles?" Ruben acknowledged them.

Darin asked, "How are we to finish the building projects if we are shipped back to the pen Monday?"

"I tried to use that," Ruben responded, "as a delaying tool. They just said they would use state contractors to finish the job."

* * * * * * * * * * *

About 10:00 PM, Nate and Adam crawled into Nate's bed. Neither man felt like having sex, as they were both recovering from the shock of the evening.

"Babe," Nate said softly, "You know this changes nothing between us. It would be awesome if we could be cellmates when we get dumped back at the pen. My love is strong for you, and will stand the test of time."

"I know, baby," Adam replied, "I knew you were due to be released about 3 weeks ahead of me, and I also will wait to be with you again, even if we don't get to be cellmates. When you get free, I will probably write you every day."

"When we are returned to the pen," Nate said, "we have to be careful not to show any PDA. There are some in the pen that would love to take advantage of a couple of gay men like us, especially cuties like you!"

"I don't think I'm cute, baby."

"In my eyes," Nate responded, "you are the most beautiful man I've ever laid eyes on. I can't wait to marry you. I want to ask you a favor, Babe."

"What's that, Baby."

"When you get released, just come to my home—well—my parents home. You know you are welcome there, and we can see your parents later. If I know when, I'll pick you up at the bus station, with open arms! Since I'll already be out, maybe I can even drive to the pen and pick you up."

"Nate, I hope you know you are the most important person in my life, I love you so much!"

Adam and Nate fell asleep, with their arms wrapped around each other.

* * * * * * * * * * *

W-11 Saturday morning, at the school:

The culinary crew has switched shifts, so Vern, Stephen and Jeremy are preparing brunch and Troy and Mike will be closing tonight. 

"Hey guys," Vern stated, "Steve, Jere, we need to have a little chat. How do you guys feel about taking your certification exams tomorrow?"

"I don't know," Stephen responded, "I don't think I'm ready, and I can't picture myself in a kitchen for the rest of my life. I'm only 20, and I don't really know what I want for a career, but I've already prepared more food than I ever wanted to in this lifetime."

"Actually," Jeremy returned, "I like working with food. I've worked in a restaurant before, but I'd rather be a waitress—I mean waiter, than to be a chef. I accepted this opportunity to get out of jail and couldn't picture myself as a carpenter or mason, so elected culinary arts. I'm not too excited about taking the exam."

"So," Vern questioned, "can I assume that neither of you want to try it?" Both men shook their heads as a 'no'.

"OK, here is the situation," Vern explained, "I've already talked with Mike and Troy, and they both want to go for it. I need to concentrate my efforts to try and get them as well prepared as possible. I'm going to lay a little more work on you two these last couple of days so I can spend more time coaching Mike and Troy, so they, hopefully, can take, and pass the exam Sunday eve."

Troy and Mike slept together, and are waking up. They just slept together, with no sex.

"You do realize," Mike said, "There will be no guys sleeping together when we go back to the pen."

"I know," Troy answered. "I just hope I get a decent cellmate." 

"You mean," Mike said, smiling, "one that maybe likes a blowjob often?"

"Well, that might not be so bad. I just hope he's not a homophobe."

"I just think this whole thing sucks. I met Luke in the pen, and we were just friends then. We got close after we transferred here. I hate the idea of having to go back to the pen. Either place, I miss Luke terribly. Those last twelve weeks in the pen are going to be hell."

Mike and Troy got dressed, and sauntered down to the cafeteria for brunch. No sooner had they arrived in the cafeteria and Vern approached them. 

"Look guys," Vern stated, "We need to go over those sample exams today and tomorrow morning, and try to get you prepped to hit the exam Sunday. Stephen and Jeremy are not going to try it, but will cover for us in the kitchen so I can prepare you as best I can."

"Thanks, Vern," Mike responded, "We'll be ready to start studying as soon as we finish eating brunch." Troy nodded in agreement.

Ivan and Mitch were eating together, surrounded by Bryan, Darin, Corey and Rick.

"I think Mitch and I," Ivan said, "are both pleased and proud that all of our trainees have completed training, and are now certified."

Eddie and Marty were also sitting together for brunch, along with Nate, Adam, Kurt and David.

Marty spoke, "I think Eddie and I are on the same page here. We both want you guys to be successful and to pass your certifications before any of us go back to the pen. As Ruben stated last night, if you guys get certified, they can't take that away from you. Even as you may get sent back to the pen, you'll have those to fall back on when you're finally released for good."

"Nate, Adam," Eddie spoke, "We're going to study the sample exams today. I want you to know how to make any fitting work," then, grinning, " just like you two do when you're alone together!" Everyone laughed while Nate and Adam both turned pink.

"I'm glad we're all friends here," Kurt said, grinning, "So we can pick on the sissies here without doing permanent psychological damage."

"Hey Kurt," Nate offered, "Tell us about the night little Jeremy shot that load all over your chest and tummy!"

"Yeah, Kurt," David responded, grinning, "I haven't heard that story!"

"Christ!" Kurt exclaimed, his face turning red, "fuck up one time and no one forgets it!"

"Go ahead, Kurt," Marty added, "This sounds interesting."

"Well," Kurt started, "One night I walked in on Nate, Adam and Jeremy having a circle jerk. It made me kinda horny, so I joined them, and Jeremy shot a load nearly six feet, and it landed on my chest and stomach."

"Yeah," David stated, "that little guy can shoot a hard load, like a bullet!"

"How do you know?" Marty questioned.

"I've—had—experience," David answered, blushing a little, "he may only have about five inches, but he shoots harder than any guy I've ever known!"

"I don't believe this," Eddie blurted, "were here with the school about to collapse around us, discussing Jeremy's ejaculation."

Marty spoke, "Starting today, I'm also going to be pushing you two. Over the next few hours, you need to know everything about masonry, so you can kill those certs. I'm going to ask you to study the examples, and know all the answers." David and Kurt nodded.

The groups of men started to break up. Ruben was going to pick up Mitch and Ivan about 1:00 PM and take them to the bus station. Darin and Bryan approached Ivan.

"Ivan," Darin said, "we want to thank you for all you've done for us. Bri and I really appreciate the training you have provided. Thanks to you, when we ever get out of this mess, we'll have a skill we can sell to future employers."

"Thanks, guys," Ivan answered, "Can I ask a couple of personal questions?"

"Sure, Ivan, anything." Bryan answered.

"This—relationship you have with each other—is it something you just have here, or do you plan on seeing each other after you're released?"

"We have discussed that," Darin answered, "and we definitely plan on seeing each other in the future. I never even thought of myself as anything but straight, yet, I care more for this young man than I ever thought I could care for anyone."

"Ivan, it took Darin a while to break through my barrier, but I now want for us to spend our lives together. I've loved before, but I am 'in love' with Darin. I've never been 'in love' with anyone before."

Ivan, nodding, "Any plans for marriage?"

"Not yet." Bryan and Darin answered in unison.
