 Kurt and Adam are reflecting on the day. They have both made up their beds and are just sitting around talking. They both decided maybe a shower would feel good and Jesse had suggested they might want to do this before a bunch of trainees came home. Well, I guess this is home. At least we are taken care of, have a roof over our heads, a decent bed to sleep on and 3 squares a day. 

 Adam said, "I'm still kind of apprehensive, I don't know if I dare go to sleep. My ass is virgin and I want to keep it that way!" 

 Kurt reminded him, "Mr. Styles stated that no one is forced to have sex. Let's get that shower, before we have a lot of company" 

 Adam commented, "I'd rather shower with just you in the shower stall, and not a bunch of men I don't know or trust." So the two of them stripped, grabbed their soap and towels and headed into the shower.

 The hot water felt good on their bodies and suddenly Adam said, "FUCK!" 

 Kurt asked, "What's the matter Adam?" 

 Adam just replied, "Where the hell did this come from?" pointing to a rock hard boner standing at attention. 

 Kurt just laughed, saying, "Well, take care of it!" 

 "Really, Kurt. You would expect me to wank it off here and now, in front of you?" 

 "Hey," Kurt replied, "You're only 2 years older than me, and, we both know what ya gotta do when these things happen. Shit, now I got one too. And I already got it off back when we was in the cafeteria. So, just for the hell of it, let's see who can cum the quickest? Ain't nobody gonna know 'cept you and me. You'll prolly beat me cause this is my second time today." 

 Adam remarked, "Playin' with it really does feel good." 

 The two guys were really getting into wanking, and even played around wanking each other, and suddenly realized they had company. 

 "Hi, I'm Eric. Looks like you guys are having a little fun, mind if I join you?" 

 Eric's openness and friendly manner took the edge off the embarrassment of getting caught 

 Adam said, "I'm Adam and this is Kurt. We just arrived today. We don't usually carry on this way, it just happened. And it's the first time it's happened." The three men shook hands. Kurt and Adam had nearly lost their erections due to the shock of getting caught.

 Eric was about 6'2", slender with black hair, blue eyes and a smile that just didn't stop. Catching and seeing these two in the act caused Eric to grow an almost instant boner. He was hung, must have been a good 9 inches hard. 

 Eric, grinning, "Don't be embarrassed. Getting caught here like this happens all the time. When you got all these mostly young dudes full of cum and needing release, what would you expect? OK guys," Eric continued, "Let's see if we can clog this shower drain with cum. Nuthin' like a good old circle jerk in the shower!" and with that Eric started to stroke that massive shaft. 

 It didn't take long for both of the newbys to regain their boners and the three were just having a good time. 

 Eric spoke again, "Give me a warning before you cum." but didn't say why. 

 Adam was really close and said "I'm gonna lose it in just a few seconds." 

 Eric dropped to his knees and put his mouth over Adams cock and when Adam erupted Eric tried to swallow it all, but some drizzled out.

 Then Kurt blurted, "I'm about to shoot!" and Eric switched dicks and caught most of Kurt's load, and swallowed that.

 Kurt said, "I don't think either of us can return the favor, cause we're both straight."

 Adam stated, "I've never had a dick in my mouth, and never even thought about swallowing a man's cream!"

 "No problem." Eric said, "But I've got to get this load off!"

 Both newbys watched, impressed at the size of Eric's tool as Eric picked up the pace of jacking his own massive cock, and he then shot a rope of cum right onto Kurt's belly then turned and splattered more of his seed onto Adams face. 

 "Damn," Adam shouted, "I didn't think a guy could shoot that much or that far!" 

 Eric suggested, "Guys, while there is still some good clean cum on your bodies, why don't you just wipe a little on your fingers and taste it? I think you'll find it really doesn't taste bad at all."

 Adam and Kurt both declined Eric's offer. The three men rinsed off, dried and headed back to the main room where the beds were located. 

 When Kurt got to his bed, he noticed that Jesse was lying on the bed next to Kurt's bed. "What are you doing here?" inquired Kurt. 

 Jesse answered, "This is my bed, I have every right to be here. Did y'all have fun?" Jesse grinning ear to ear. 

 Kurt retorted, "wadya mean, we got showered. If you consider taking a shower fun, I guess we had fun." 

 Jesse replied, "I'm sure you did. You can't fool this old girl. I know what happened in that shower!" 

 Kurt tried to recover. "Nothing happened, you don't know us that well." 

 "But I know Eric, and since you all came back together, I know some hanky panky transpired." 

 Kurt said, quietly, "Jesse, we need to talk, privately." 

 "Sure Kurt, anytime, like maybe after dinner we can find a quiet place to talk." Jesse continued, "Speaking of dinner, have you met your training crew yet?"

 Kurt answered, "No, not yet"

 Jesse replied, "Well, since you haven't yet connected with them, would you like to have dinner with me?" Jesse was really curious as to what Kurt wanted to talk about.

 Kurt, not wanting Jesse to get too far away, replied, "Sure, might as well."

 The whole dorm was pretty busy now. All the trainees were in from their training, and most were stripping, showering and getting dressed again for dinner. Since both Eric and Adam were now clean and dressed, Adam wanted to know what Eric did. 

 He walked over to where Eric was and asked, "What is it that you do here?" 

 Eric's response was, while smiling, "Besides suck dick? I am the most senior plumbing trainer. I have about 6 months to go yet, see?" and he held up his arm to show he had a bracelet. 

 Adam replied, "I am going to start training for plumbing. Does that mean I'll be training with you?" 

 "And the hired instructor." Eric displayed that never ending, captivating smile. "You'll meet the other guys tomorrow, or maybe at dinner tonight. We're a small, but tight group, all 4 of us, oops, 5 now with you. There is Eddie, John and Sean, who have all been training for a few months. Ralph Kiser is the paid instructor, you'll meet him tomorrow. When I leave, Eddie will likely take my place as senior trainer. Are you bout ready for chow?" 

 Adam was. Adam followed Eric out of the Dorm and to the Cafeteria. They went in, got the trays and loaded up, then went to one of the tables where 2 guys were already sitting. Eric introduced Adam to Eddie and Sean. 

 "Where is John?" Eric inquired. 

 Sean stated, "John is still primping and should be along shortly."

 Adam is not really certain if he liked the idea of being this close to Eric. Not that Eric was not likeable. He was friendly, had that smile that was rather captivating, but it seemed he was gay, and that was bothering Adam a little. 

 Kurt and Jesse entered the cafeteria, got their trays and food, and settled at an unoccupied table. Kurt had about twice as much food on his plate as Jesse. Jesse was very slender. About 5'10 he had the kind of body if you turned him sideways and he was naked, with a boner, he would look like a zipper.

 Kurt, looking at Jesse's plate, "Man, you gonna starve and die of malnutrition."

 Jesse responded, "Gurl got to watch her weight. I don't wanna be a fat bitch!"



* * * * * * * * * * * * *



Meanwhile, back in Dorm 2, Mike and Luke are also trying to readjust. They're not close enough to each other to chat without raising their voices. Luke is at bed #8, which is the 3rd bed from the far end on the left side of the Dorm and Mike at bed #11 is the 1st bed on the right side. Mike finally called out to Luke and asked him to come to his bed where they could talk to each other without shouting, and Luke complied. 

 Mike said, "Luke, you seem awfully up tight about something. Wanna share it? We came here together, I consider us friends. Our friendship started back at the pen. We're moving on, hopefully to something better. What have you got if you don't have a good friend? And I want to be that friend."

 Luke, looking into Mike's eyes, "I really do know and trust you more than any of these other jokers. I guess my biggest problem is that I am homophobic. I'm scared to death what some of these guys might try to do with me or to me. I about died this morning when that little faggot made us take our clothes off. And when he measured us for jeans I almost lost it because he touched my penis. No man has ever touched it before. I'm just not queer enough to go running around here naked. I won't sleep naked, and likely won't even walk around in my boxers."

 Mike was, for a couple minutes, speechless. He finally spoke, trying to pick just the right words. "Luke, I really don't know what to say. You are my friend, and I certainly would never do anything intentional to ever hurt you. I don't really understand homophobia, I always thought it was a form of hatred toward gay folks, but, now I realize it is a fear of them." 

 Mike continued, "Since I know you don't want to be naked in front of a bunch of guys, I would suggest we get a shower now, before the crowd gets here a little closer to 5 PM. We have already seen each other naked, so showering together shouldn't be too much of a problem. Okay?" Luke agreed.

 So the two gathered their soap, towels and washcloths and headed for the shower. Mike really wanted to get another look at that uncircumcised cock that he wanted so badly. About 5 minutes in the shower and Luke suddenly started sobbing. 

 Mike questioned, "Luke? What's wrong?"

 Luke, between sobs, "Look at me, a grown, macho man, crying like a baby! Maybe I'm just overwhelmed. I don't really know."

 Mike did the only thing he knew to do. Put his arms around Luke, held him, hugged him, and told him everything was going to be ok. Their naked bodies, being so close to each other, caused Mike to start getting an erection, something he did not want at this time, and it was touching Luke's penis and started getting Luke hard also. It was really kind of funny, and both men started laughing at the circumstance.

 Mike didn't waste a second while his friend was laughing. Mike said, "Ok Luke, you shared the story of your phobia with me. Now I want to share something with you. This morning, when we had to take off those coveralls, and I saw your uncut cock, I wanted it, I wanted you. Yes, I am gay, but I have never been with a guy that was uncut. You are about the first man I have seen nude that has an uncut dick." 

 "I've always liked you," Mike continued, "but until this morning I didn't know you were not circumcised. I've always wondered what it would be like to suck an uncut cock." Luke was speechless. He didn't seem mad, or betrayed. 

 Mike continued, "Luke, have you ever received a blowjob?" 

 Luke said, "Yes, from girls, but I would much rather fuck them."

 Mike said, "a guy can give a better blow job than a girl. There is nothing I want more right now, than to suck your uncut cock. Will you let me?" 

 Luke thought a minute and replied, "What the hell, why not! The only thing I got to lose is a big load, if you can get me off."

 Mike was down on his knees in a second. It was like a dream come true, he had wanted it so bad for so long. Mike started to lick the inside of the foreskin, which tasted like soap. Then as Luke started to get hard, Mike started working his tongue around the glans, and the slit. The more Mike worked it, the harder it got and Luke started to breathe heavy. Then Mike tried to swallow it and after about 3 or 4 attempts he had that baby all the way in. 

 Luke asked, "Can we get into a different position? I'm getting too weak to stand up." 

 They ended up on the floor of the shower. Luke was a little bigger than Mike had thought. Only about 5 inches soft but seemed about 8 when he had a full erection. Mike was really hoping he could give Luke such a good BJ that he would want it again, and again, and again. 

 Every two or three minutes Luke was spurting precum and Mike was enjoying the taste of that. Mike was deep throating that shaft and tenderly massaging those jewels. Mike was so hot himself that he had dripped a puddle of pre onto the floor of the shower. He knew it would take very little touching of his own dick to shoot, but he was concentrating on getting Luke off. 

 After some time, Mike was getting winded and needed a break. He pulled his mouth off the dick for a few minutes and used his tongue to flick and play with Luke's nipples. This alone sent sensations through Luke's body that he had never felt before. 

 After just a couple minutes Luke asked, "Would you go back down and do some more with my cock? It was really feeling good." 

 Mike quickly responded. Just a few more minutes and Mike could sense Luke's orgasm building. Mike started bobbing his head faster, sucking and running his tongue up and down that fat vein that runs down the bottom side of a penis. While he was sucking that shaft and head, he was also playing with Luke's nipples with his hand. 

 Luke's body starting to quiver and shake like a leaf, then his dick started pulsing as Mike pushed Luke into the biggest orgasm of his life. 

 "I'm cumming," Luke groaned, as wave after wave of creamy, delicious man juice shot from Luke's uncut cock, hitting Mike's throat.

 Just as Luke was cumming, and Mike was trying to swallow it all, Luke suddenly grabbed Mikes throbbing cock and three or four strokes and Mike shot all over. Everything that Luke ejaculated went down Mike's throat. Both men spent, they just lay there a few minutes. They decided they better finish their showers and rinse away the evidence of their fun.

 After they got dried off, both men hugged again. Mike spoke, "Thanks, Luke, for helping to make my dream come true."

 Luke replied, "Thank you, Mike, for one of the best sexual experiences I have ever had. I never would have expected that any kind of gay sex could ever be so incredibly awesome. I guess that's what friends are for."

 Mike asked, "Do you feel better?"

 Luke said, "Much better. Thank you for being my friend."

 "The pleasure was all mine." Mike replied, smiling. "And, by the way, You tasted really good. I hope we can do this again."

 When the pair went back into the sleeping area they were both naked, and shocked. The room was alive with men, some naked and heading to the showers, some still dressed, just having arrived from training.

 An older man than most of them, seeing the two just coming back from the showers, headed towards them. He stated loudly, "I smell recruits!" and smiled.

 Mike and Luke just looked at each other, not certain what to make of this, or how to react. 

 The man held out his hand and spoke. "Hello, I'm Ivan. By chance are one of you called Luke?"

 Luke nodded his head, still feeling a little uncomfortable as he was still naked and in front of strangers. Ivan shook his hand.

 Ivan spoke again, looking at Mike, "And you are?"

 "Mike." Ivan also shook Mike's hand.

 "Okay everybody," Ivan blared, "I would like to present our two newest roommates, This is," pointing, "Luke, and Mike. Let's welcome them to our herd."

 The crowd, about ten or so guys, clapped and cheered. Luke's face was red as an apple. Not only was he still naked, but also in the spotlight. 

 Ivan, laughing, "Luke, you forgot to wash the makeup of your face!"

 Then all these guys came up, offering handshakes and seemingly unaware that the new guys were naked. Nobody really cared, and a couple of them were naked also.

 Ivan spoke again, directing his speech to Luke, "I was told we had a new trainee by the name of Luke. I am the trainer that will be working with you. We'll catch up with the other Carpentry students at dinner. I hope I didn't embarrass you too much." 

 Ivan appeared to be in his 40's, about 5'10", slightly balding, with a trim body. He was very friendly, and obviously enjoyed picking on people in fun. He seemed to be respected and well liked by all. 

 Ivan then asked Mike, "And what are you training for Mike?"

 Mike answered, "Culinary Arts."

 Ivan responded with, "And I'll bet you're gay too?"

 Now it was Mike's turn to get the red face, and he really didn't know how to respond. He just kinda looked down at the floor. Ivan made things a little better.

 Ivan spoke again, "You're reaction says you are gay, and gays often select Culinary Arts. There ain't nuthin wrong with being gay, and this ain't like being in the pen. Nobody here better lay a hand on you. Once it's out in the open, nobody's gonna hurt you. You're not the only one here. You'll get all the love you can handle, we got a bunch of horny guys around here."

 "A few of these guys are gay when they arrive, a few turn gay or bi, and some just like to have fun and get off, till they get finished and back to the women on the outside." Ivan continued, "Are you and Luke, together? Like boyfriends?"

 Luke responded to this quickly, "No, I'm straight! We're just friends. We met at the pen, and I didn't even know until today that Mike was, like that."

 "Well," Ivan replied, "For the record, I am straight, and married. However, being away from that pussy that I truly love for so long, I have ventured a few times into sex with a man. Never, before I was married, did I do that, and I doubt I will ever do it again, once my time is done."

 Ivan said, "It's about chow time. Luke, you can come with me to the cafeteria and we'll meet with the other Carpentry students. Mike, since there is not really a group of CA students, you are welcome to share the table with us. You two better get dressed. We are the only ones still here. Hustle up."

 Ivan told the truth. The rest of the residents of Dorm 2 had already left. Ivan waited while Mike and Luke got dressed, and the three headed to the cafeteria.