 This is a multi-part story. Each chapter builds on information and knowledge from previous chapters. It is highly recommended, before you read this chapter, read the previous chapters, beginning with Chapter 01. It is my goal to upload at least 1 chapter each week.

 How many chapters will there be? I don't know, yet. These are the adventures of four main characters; Luke, Mike, Kurt and Adam and their encounters and escapades with up to around 12-20 additional guys in an all male environment. Enjoy and feel free to comment.



Chapter 7

 When Luke and Mike walked into the dorm, they broke the hand hold they had had since leaving the grassy area. Luke didn't particularly want anyone to see him holding hands with another guy, and Mike didn't want Vern to see him holding hands with Luke.

 "Good night Mike," said Luke, "And thanks for the Chat," as Luke headed for his bed.

 "Nite Luke, Laters."

 Mike was already at his bed as soon as he walked into the sleeping area.

 "It looks like your friend feels a whole better!" Said Vern, sarcastically.

 "Yeah," Mike responded, "I think he does, he needed me tonight. I thought you would be asleep by now."

 "You wish! Mike, please don't play with me. You love him, don't you?"

 "We've been friends for a while, our friendship started at the pen."

 "Just answer a simple question," Vern hammered, "Do you love Luke?"

 "I like Luke, a lot. Let's not have an argument over this."

 "Fine, but I'm not fine. We need to talk, let me get some pants on, and we can go outside."

 The two went outside, across some grass to a bench, and sat down.

 "So, Vern, what did you want to talk about?"

 "You, and us." Vern went on, "Three times today I've seen Luke come through the food line, and three times today I've seen the looks in both your eyes and his. And what is that look? The look of love!"

 "You're putting too much into this," Mike retorted. "Luke and I are just friends, that's all, nothing more."

 Vern, starting to sob, "I really thought we might make it, we got along so well, had some really great sex last night, slept together, and now this!"

 "And what is this? It's not like we're married, or even in a relationship." Mike said, "And I'll say it again, Luke and I are just friends."

 "Bullshit. I was feeling a little jealous, and I followed you and Luke. I watched in disbelief while you sucked him off, and he actually tried to suck you off, and gagged. I overheard almost everything you two talked about. And you probably will be the one to bust his cherry!"

 Mike, looking down at the ground, "I was trying to figure out a way to let you down without hurting you too much. We had some good sex that I'll never forget. I care about you Vern, and I love you, but I'm not 'in love' with you. I don't know if it's good for me, but I am falling in love with Luke. What I don't know is, if he is capable of falling in love with me, or any man."

 Mike, putting his arm around Vern's shoulders, "Come here, little man. You're more than welcome to use my shoulder to cry on, I may never be your boyfriend, but I still want to be one of your best friends."

 Vern took Mike up on the offer, and had a good cry.

 "I just felt," sobbed Vern, "kind of betrayed. Like you built me up, just to let me down. I realize I actually set myself up, just wanting love so much."

 "Don't we all do that sometimes?" Mike confirmed. "I may be doing it right now, regarding Luke. I know you're somewhat pissed at me right now, and I am very sorry that I may have led you on. I would never purposely try to hurt anyone. I guess I was thinking with the wrong head. I was, and still am, very much attracted to you."

 Vern said, "Mike, apology accepted! If it's all the same to you though, I think I would prefer to sleep by myself tonight."

 "No problem, little dude, I think I would also prefer to sleep alone. Just in case Luke needs to pee in the middle of the night, I really don't want him to see me sleeping with anyone right now, and maybe thinking I'm a slut." Then added, "I've tricked with quite a few guys over the years, but I've never wanted anyone as bad as I want Luke!" 

 "Yep!" Vern stated. "You've finally admitted, in your own way, that you are in love with Luke. And if I have read him correctly, he loves you too. He just has to come to grips with it. It's sometimes really hard for a guy that has always lived a straight life to accept that they may not be as straight as they believed."

 "I certainly hope," Vern continued, "That Luke finds his identity in time for you both to have the relationship you so want and deserve. And that you can live as loving husbands on the outside, once your time here is finished."

 "Damn Vern! Now you got me crying, it's like you read my heart!"

 "Mike, I want to be your best friend, and when the time comes, I volunteer to be your Best Man. And speaking of time, 4:30 is coming soon. We better got some sleep."

 The two men headed back to the dorm, stripped and crawled into their own beds, and cried themselves to sleep. At least they are still friends.







* * * * * * * * * * *





 It's Thursday morning at 6:00 AM. Dorm 1 is in a comical chaos. Fifteen or Sixteen guys scrambling around, some naked, some with boxers, many sporting morning wood and all trying to use the somewhat limited bathroom facilities at the same time.

 Adam finally got to the urinal and just started to drain and heard a voice behind him.

 Nathan commanded, "Move over and share, Adam!"

 Adam stepped a little to the left, making room for Nate to get his dick over the urinal also and both men got relieved, watching each other piss, neither seemed aware that the other was watching. Adam was wringing those last few drops of pee out.

 Nate, smiling, "Squeeze it more than once and you're playing with it."

 "So, how do you get rid of those last few drops?"

 "I play with it, just like you're doing." Said Nate, chuckling. "Mornin' Adam."

 "Good morning, Nate" Adam returned, smiling.

 Adam is a little confused because he cannot quite figure out why he is attracted to Nate, but has accepted the fact that he is. Then the thought occurred to him that he actually had Nate's cock in his mouth yesterday, and just thinking about that caused Adam to suddenly get a hardon. WTF

 Adam is wanting to get back to his bed without too many seeing that he is still hard, and has no way to hide it. Suddenly Eric, the one guy Adam particularly did not want to see it, pops up in front of him. Everybody knows that Eric is the most notorious cock watcher in the dorm.

 "Good morning Adam," Eric smiled, "Got something I can help you with before breakfast?" He playfully slapped at Adams erection. 

 "Nah, I'm OK," Adam lied, "I just had a thought about a chick I used to bang!"

 "I just thought you might like to feed me a little protein snack before breakfast. I really wouldn't mind. You sure?"

 "I'm sure, but thanks anyway."

 Eric headed toward the bathroom and Adam to his bed and locker. He is thinking to himself that if that had been Nate offering him an early morning BJ he probably would have accepted the offer. Shit! What is it about Nate?

 Adam just finished dressing and felt a friendly slap on his back.

 "Adam, You about ready for chow?" asked Sean.

 "I am, you want to walk down with me?"

 "Sure."

 "So, Sean, how long have you been here?"

 Sean, thinking, "About 4 months already. Time moves pretty fast around here compared to time in the pen."

 "I guess that's a good thing. How well do you know Eric?"

 "Pretty well, why?"

 "Has he ever offered to, uh-"

 "Suck my cock?" Adam nodded. 

 "He's a cock slut," Sean went on. "I think he has offered to suck every dick in the dorm! And he has probably done most of the guys at some time or another. He does give pretty good head."

 "That sound like the voice of experience!"

 Sean nodding, "It is, has he done you yet?"

 "No, but he offered to, just this morning. The first day we were here I was showering with my friend, and we got a little horny and we both started wanking. All of a sudden Eric came in and caught us, and suggested a circle jerk. We went along with it, god he has a monster dick!"

 "Yeah," Sean agreed, "He definitely has a big one to match that 6'2 body. He didn't offer to blow you guys?"

 "Well, no, but he did catch and swallow both of our loads when we came. Then he finished jacking off and shot his huge load on both of us. I didn't think a guy could shoot so much and so far! Some of his cum landed on my face!"

 "Yep, that's our Eric. We all know he is a cum slut, but he is so damn friendly you can't help but like the big lunk! Let's eat."

 "Wait a sec," said Adam, "I want to ask you about somebody else. Do you know Nathan?"

 "The grounds keeper? Yes, he is pretty cool, nice guy."

 "Yeah, that one."

 "We thought he might be an easy fuck too, but he isn't. I've only known of a couple guys that ever did anything with him. He's real particular, and has to be really turned on by another guy before he does anything. Why?"

 "I just wondered. I met him yesterday and he seems likable."

 "Actually, most of the guys here are pretty decent, once you get to know them." Sean continued. "We're all here for the same reason, to do the time and improve ourselves for a better future. Many of us do get involved with some sexual activity, and it most definitely helps the time go faster. A little fun never hurts!"

 "Some develop friendships here that will last a lifetime. Almost like classmates in school or college. I've known of a couple situations, where couples actually fell in love here and are now living a life together on the outside."

 "Wow, that is interesting." Stated Adam. "I just thought, or assumed, that most of the guys here would be straight. I am. What about you?"

 "It's getting late, we need to eat. We can finish this conversation later."

 The two men got their trays and headed down the serving line.

 Mike looking at Adam, "Hi Adam, how's everything going?"

 "Not too bad Mike, just getting to know my work-mates a little better." Adam and Sean got their food, and joined Eric, Eddie and John at the table.

 "We wondered what happened to you two," said Eric. "Better hurry, our ride leaves in about 10 minutes."





 * * * * * * * * * * * *





The (currently) five guys that made up the Grounds Maintenance Group were ready to start their workday as soon as breakfast was done. Nathan, Bobby, Glen, Jose' and Zach were still finishing breakfast and Nathan was staring, most of the time, at Adam.

 "Where is your mind at Nate?" Asked Bobby. 

 "Just wondering how hot it's gonna be today."

 "Yeah?" Probably not as hot as your crotch!"

 Nate shifted in his chair, trying to hide a bulge that had crept into his pants.

 "Uh Oh! Is Nate in love again?" questioned Glen.

 "No." answered Bobby, "He's not in love, he's in lust!"

 "He's had his eyes glued on that blond guy over in the Plumbing Group," stated Zach, "For at least the last 10 minutes."

 Jose's eyes are darting around, trying to decipher what the guys are talking about, as he has a limited usage of the English language.

 Nate, his face turning somewhat pink, "I can't help it, that guy is hot!"

 "Caliente, what?" asked Jose'.

 Bobby translated, pointing to his hair, "Nate thinks, yellow hair guy in plumbing" points at Adam, "is caliente!"

 Jose', grinning, nodded. He understands now. "Nate amigo de amor."

 Everyone laughed.

 Zach commented, "Dude's probably only got about 3 inches."

 "A lot more than that!' Nate retorted.

 "How do you know?" Glen asked.

 "When I showered Wednesday after we got in, he was in the shower at the same time." Nate continued, "He's got at least 7 inches hard." Nate's realizing now he is in deep water, close to shore and his face is red.

 "Did you suck him off?' asked Bobby, grinning.

 "I, I, I just, noticed." The embarrassed Nate stammered.

 "Dude, " said Glen, looking at Nate. "I hope you know we still love you. We just like to pick on someone, today is pick on Nate day." 

 All four guys gave Nate a big hug, and they all left to face another hot day of cutting grass and trimming shrubs.





 * * * * * * * * * * *





Typically, the grounds and maintenance crew usually got in earlier than the training groups, which usually got back to the dorms about 5 PM. Today was normal, and the G & M group got back about 3. Nate and Glen went into D1, Bobby, Zach and Jose' into D2.

 Glen stripped, ready to take a shower and noticed Nate was still fully dressed. Glen is pushing 30, about 5'9, rather curly, almost red hair, a slender body and sported a nice cut cock about 5" soft and fairly thick.

 Nate was about the same age, actually 27, a little shorter, also slender, dark brown almost black hair, with a nice body and also about a 5" flaccid cut penis, that was not as thick as Glen's.

 Glen asked, "Aren't you going to take a shower?"

 "Yeah, but I was gonna wait until a little later. I kind of wanted to shower with Adam."

 "The blond guy?" Nate nodded. "Does he know you're waiting on him?"

 "No."

 "Come on Nate, and shower with me, you can catch up with him later. You're really obsessed with him aren't you?"

 "You've known me for a while." said Nathan. "You know I don't just flip over every new trainee that comes along. I'm not sure what it is, but there is something really special about Adam, and I want to get to know him a lot better."

 "Hey, look. Let's get a shower, then, maybe after dinner, you can ask him for a date. It never hurts to ask, the worst that can happen, is, he can turn you down."

 Nate starting to undress, "A date? There is no place I can take him! We have to stay on campus."

 "There's plenty of secluded places around campus. A date is just a time and place to be together, to chat, hold hands and whatever."

 Nate and Glen went to the shower stall, got the water temperatures right and showered. They did wash each others backs and when they soaped their privates, they both developed at least partial erections while poking and playing with each other like a couple of kids. 

 Glen popped a question, "Nate? Would you suck me off?"

 "I can't Glen, I like you as a friend and work mate. In order for me to have sex with someone I need to have a sexual attraction to them. I don't have that for you."

 "I kind of understand, Nate. For many of us here, it is just for sex's sake. I respect your inner feelings, however, I am a little disappointed."

 "Come here buddy." Nate said, holding his arms open, "I appreciate your suggestion, regarding a date, and I will follow up on that." Then, hugging Glen, "I'm sorry, but I just can't honor your other request."

 The two men dried themselves and headed back to the sleeping area to get dressed.



* * * * * * * * * *



Meanwhile, over in Dorm 2, Bobby, Zach and Jose' proceeded to strip and get ready for their showers. All three went off to the shower stall together. 

 Bobby is just about 6' tall, slightly overweight, but not obese, with sandy brown hair, a very hairy chest and stomach that trailed down to his pubes. His dick seems out of proportion for his height, at only about 4" long but quite thick and cut.

 Zach is about an inch shorter than Bobby, with curly black hair, almost no body hair, thin and lanky, and a nice 6"or more cut cock. Zach has some portion of black heritage as could be identified by his lips and hair, but his skin was quite pale.

 Jose' is Mexican, fairly short at about 5'4", Black hair, brown eyes, plenty of body hair, a well proportioned body and a rather handsome 5" uncut cock, typical of most Latinos.

 Zach, talking to Bobby, "Man when the cocks were passed out, I think you got short changed!" Zach poked Jose' to get his attention then pointed at Bobby's dick and held his index finger and thumb to indicate a tiny dick, causing Jose' to laugh.

 "Fuck you, Zach!" retorted Bobby. "It's not the size of the boat, it's the motion of the ocean! And mine is a sleeper. I'll bet it's just as big as yours when it's hard!"

 "Put your money where your mouth is, let's find out. Here's the deal. If you are as big or bigger than me, when hard, I'll suck that dick."

 "You're on. and I'll be getting off!" Bobby smiled.

 Both men started soaping their dicks and playing with them to make them erect. Neither of them had ever seen how an uncut cock looks when it becomes erect, but they soon found out because Jose', watching the two other guys, started to get a boner, without even touching his cock. 

 As the two men rubbed their own cocks, their eyes were on Jose's uncut cock. They watched, in amazement, as the bulb of Jose's dick started to push through the foreskin, peeping out to see the light. It was too much, and Jose' started to slowly work his cock, sliding the foreskin back and forth and using some soap as lube.

 Zach had set up the challenge in such a way, and really was hoping that Bobby actually was 'as big or bigger' than himself. He was suddenly craving the idea of sucking a dick. 

 "Are you completely hard yet?" he asked Bobby.

 "Probably as hard as I'm gonna get, want to check it out?"

 "Sure! Damn, you were right, about being a sleeper! Let's see, If I place the tip of my thumb in my pubes, my middle finger just barely reaches my slit. And if I place the same thumb in your pubes, I lack about a half an inch of reaching your slit. My hand won't stretch any further. You won, fair and square. When do you want your prize?"

 "If it's OK with you, I'll take it now! Checkout Jose', he is looking like he's gonna cum soon. Have you ever sucked an uncut dick?"

 "No, but I've thought about it. Do you think he would be ok with it?"

 "Probably"

 Zack said, "Jose', se caliente?"

 "Si"

 Zach made sign symbols with his hand and pointing to ask Jose' if he wanted himself (Zach) to use his mouth on Jose's cock.

 Jose responded, "Si, Si" Then grabbed Zach's head, drawing it towards his cock.

 Zach opened up and took Jose's throbbing, 6" uncut cock into his mouth. He was using his tongue under the foreskin, not really having too much of an idea what he was doing, pushing the tip of his tongue into the slit, taking what he could of the Latino's tasty cock into his mouth and throat.

 Bobby was getting extremely hot and excited watching the show in front of him. He had decided to sit down and just watch, but he couldn't seem to keep his hand off his dick. He wasn't really even trying to masturbate, just slowly stroking his cock and shot his load quietly on the floor.

 Zach used his fingers to push the foreskin back, getting a better taste of the head of Jose's cock and precum. Shortly after Zach started to bob up and down on that cock, Jose started to moan, and groan, definitely enjoying the experience. 

 Two or Three times, Jose's body stiffened and he quit breathing, and Zach just stopped all motion, holding Jose' in his mouth, edging him. Then picking up the pace again, brought Jose' back to the edge of climax. He finally let Jose' explode into his mouth, trying to swallow spurt after spurt of that Latino mans milk, and Jose' really tasted good to Zach. Jose' was spent, and just slumped to the floor of the shower, with his back against the wall.

 Bobby spoke, "What a show that was. Do you have any idea how hot that scene was?"

 Zach said, "It wasn't supposed to be a show. I guess I need to start on the next one, you ready?"

 "Not exactly," Bobby replied. Can I take a rain check on that BJ you owe me?"

 "Why, you don't want it?

 "Yeah, I do but, watching you get Jose' off was so fucking hot. I got off without even trying." Points to a puddle of cum on the floor. "I think it's going to be a couple days before I can rebuild my supply. Look at how limp I am now."
