 This is a multi-part story. Each chapter builds on information and knowledge from previous chapters. It is highly recommended, before you read this chapter, read the previous chapters, beginning with Chapter 01. It is my goal to upload at least 1 chapter each week.

How many chapters will there be? I don't know, yet. These are the adventures of four main characters; Luke, Mike, Kurt and Adam and their encounters and escapades with up to around 12-20 additional guys in an all male environment. Enjoy and feel free to comment.

*****

Wednesday afternoon, and most of the guys are getting in from training. The Masonry Group comes in as well as the Plumbing Group. This is Kurt's and Adam's second day of Training. Kurt and Adam, sitting on their beds, are waiting for the rest of the guys to get clean first, then they plan to shower a little later.

How was your day Kurt? Asked Adam.

Not too bad, we poured footers today, and yours?

"Was OK, average, I guess, but I've got to tell you about yesterday afternoon. Plumbing and Electrical got off early. I slip in to take a shower, nobody there but me. All of a sudden this guy from Grounds and Maintenance comes in, he is really sweaty and dirty and he wants me to wash his body, so I complied with his request. Then he washed me, in return, and it really did feel great."

"I'm sure it did," Kurt commented, "and somehow I suspect there is a lot more to this story."

"A little more." 

"I think the showers may be empty now," Kurt said, "You can tell me the rest while we shower."

The two headed to the shower, and it was empty. They got the water adjusted, and stepped in.

Kurt said, "You said when this guy washed you it felt really good?"

"Yes, it did. It felt really great!"

"Can you wash me the same way as he washed you?" Kurt asked. "I think I would like to experience it."

"Dude, you can't be serious!"

"I'm 100% serious," Kurt replied. "I want you to do every inch of me just like he did you. While you wash me, you can finish the story."

So Adam gave Kurt a shower, once again avoiding the genital area.

"So you both got cleaned, then what happened?" Kurt asked.

"Well, were both standing there with boners. I said we ought to get dry and out of there. He thought we should take care of the erections. He asked if I had ever had a BJ? And I told him no. Then he gave me one."

"Gave you one what?" asked Kurt.

"A blowjob."

"Cool, and didn't you miss something?"

"Miss something?"

"You're not gonna leave me with dirty genitals, are you?"

"I'm afraid it might make you hard."

"And?" Kurt said. "I think it might feel pretty damn good to have a dude soap up and wash your privates. If it gets hard, it gets hard."

"Did the guy get you off?"

"He did, and he even swallowed my cum."

"So after the dude gives you a blowjob, what happened?"

"He wanted me to return the favor."

"And of course you told him 'No Way!'"

"Well, not exactly. He convinced me that, since we were both clean..."

Kurt, laughing, "So, you sucked his dick. How was it?"

"He did promise me he wouldn't cum in my mouth. And he kept his promise."

"So," Kurt grinning, "my little buddy is now a cocksucker. Anytime you want to suck my Big Black Cock, you are more than welcome. We need to get dry and changed for dinner. I don't know about you but I need more than a little sex story to feed this body."

The two got dry, dressed and headed for the cafeteria.

Kurt got his food, and went over and sat with the other guys from the Masonry Group, while Adam got his food and sat with Eric and the rest of the Plumbing Group.

Ty mentioned that it seemed Kurt didn't really like spending much time with others in the group.

Kurt commented, "Actually, I realize I haven't spent a lot of time with y'all, but I think that is going to change. Ty, I was told that you like to help guys train in the gym?"

"I am actually working with about 10 or 12 guys in the complex. There are at least a couple of guys in each group that are working out with us. William, here is one of us. I will be happy to help you Kurt, if you want to improve your strength and stamina."

"When is the best time," Kurt asked, "to show up at the gym?"

"It's not good," Ty spoke, "to do strenuous exercise on a full belly. It can actually make you sick to your stomach, and even vomit. Since most of us eat supper about 6 PM, we try to wait until about 7:30 or 8:00 to start working out. Some of the guys don't have any regular workout shorts, so some just wear boxers. That means, you have to put your work clothes back on, to get to the Dorm to take showers afterwards, unless you have shorts."

"What about weekends?"

"The gym is open from 9 AM to 10 PM on weekends, and 7 PM to 10 PM weeknights." Ty continued. "If you have a commissary account, you can order things like sneakers, activewear, tank tops. Also, if you have family, they can also send you clothing items, be certain they don't hide contraband in them. I am usually around much of the time on weeknights, and sometimes on the weekends."

"Thanks Ty. I'm going to try to get my buddy Adam in there too. See you at the gym! If y'all will excuse me for just about 5 minutes, I'll be right back."

Kurt walked over to the table where Adam and the Plumbing Group were seated. Kurt motioned to Adam to please come with him just for a minute. Adam rose, excused himself from the others and went with Kurt.

"Adam," Kurt started. "You do know they have a gym here, right?" Adam nodded. "I'm gonna start working out, and I would like you to be my workout buddy. What do ya say?"

"What's in it for me?"

"Lots. To begin, you would lose that fat around your mid section, Develop your muscles all over your body, get a better, more handsome figure, and we would have something in common to share. Something healthy and beneficial too. What do you say? Are you in? Please?"

Adam is thinking. The gym is likely a good place to get some man to man, non-gay companionship, as most gay guys don't do manly things like working out.

Adam, looking at Kurt, "Do you have to have an answer right now?"

"No, I suppose not. I would really like you with me though."

"I'm not going to say yes or no. Give me a couple days to think about it, okay?"

"You got it, that'd be Friday night."

Adam went back to his table and Kurt to his.

"What did he say?" William inquired.

Kurt, shaking his head, "Maybe, he wants to think it over for a couple days."

William appears to be in his late 20's, somewhat muscular, with auburn hair and a mustache, and about 5'9" tall.

"Just curious," Kurt asked, " How many of you guys are married?"

Ty spoke first, "I am, got an awesome wife and 3 awesome kids. My brother in law tells me she is being faithful, and just waiting patiently for me to return home. I'm fortunate, so many lose their wives and families when they are incarcerated."

Marty spoke, "I had a live-in girlfriend, when I got jailed she dumped me."

Jack just shook his head, indicating he was single.

"Never married," replied William, "What about you Kurt?"

"Man, I ain't but 19 now, way too young to even think of marriage."

Ty said "Let's get these trays returned so the kitchen crew can get out of here sometime tonight. Any of you coming to the gym tonight?"

"See you about 8:00." Kurt stated.

"See you both then" said William.

* * * * * * * * *

Adam and Kurt are both just sitting on their beds, chatting about nothing, Kurt watching the clock as he plans to go to the gym about 5 minutes to 8:00.

"So, " Kurt questioned, "you think you'll ever get around to sleeping naked?"

"Possibly," replied Adam. "You weren't here after Nathan and I showered. We both ended up in the rec. room watching TV in the buff until we went to bed."

"Damn," Kurt exclaimed. "That should have been national headlines, 'Adam sheds the boxers', So how did it feel?"

"Not bad, I think it's something I could get used to."

"Hey," said Kurt, "It's almost 8:00, I gotta run. You sure you don't want to come to the gym with us?"

"Maybe in a few days. Have fun."

William, wearing a nice blue pair of workout shorts with a matching tank top, "Hey, Kurt, you ready to go?"

"Actually, I was just leaving. Where did you come from?"

"Right there, Bed #19." said William.

They exited the Dorm together.

"Let's jog." Said William, "It's only about a city block to the gym."

"It's hard to jog, wearing these tight jeans!" said Kurt.

"I understand, no flexibility! What is your waist size?"

"I don't know."

"No worry, we'll measure it at the gym. Maybe someone might have a spare pair of shorts we can have, or borrow, till you can get some."

William and Kurt walked into the gym. 

William, pointing to an empty bench, "You can put your jeans and tee on there while we work out."

Kurt stripped to his boxers and came back to where William was. William produced a tape measure and measured around Kurt's waist.

"Twenty-eight inches," William stated. "Six months we'll have you down to twenty-four." William kind of accidentally on purpose rubbed the back of his hand across Kurt's flaccid cock, reminding Kurt just how bad he needed to piss.

"Where is the rest room?" Kurt asked.

"None in here Kurt." William stated. "Gotta pee or poop?"

"I need to piss, bad"

"Oh, that's not so bad. Just step outside that back door and water the grass. If it was the other, you would need to go all the way back to the Dorm."

Ty entered, along with about a half dozen other men.

Ty questioned William, "Did Kurt make it in?"

"Yeah." Pointing to door. "Pissing."

"He's all yours, Ty." And William headed over to, and started walking on one of the treadmills."

Ty spent about 15 or 20 minutes showing Kurt the various machines, and how to operate them.

"OK Kurt," Ty said, for tonight, you are on your own."

By 9:30 Kurt was tired, sweaty, and in serious need of a shower. He was only wearing boxers, and they were soaking wet from sweat.

William appeared, and he was nearly as drenched as Kurt. 

William asked, "Kurt, you about ready to head back and get a shower?"

"More than ready," Kurt replied. "If I had realized how soaked these boxers would be I would have brought an extra pair. I don't really want to put my jeans on over these wet boxers."

"I can't blame you," said William. "We aren't supposed to wear just boxers outside the dorms, but it is nearly 10:00 PM, it's dark, and I highly doubt anyone of importance will notice. I'll be with you, and once inside the dorm you're free and clear.

Kurt thanked Ty, and the two men headed toward Dorm 1, and got in with no incident. The two dropped their dirty and sweaty clothing on their beds, grabbed towels and wash cloths and headed to the shower. This late at night, most everyone that were going to take a shower had already done so. The stall was empty except for William and Kurt. 

The two men secretly were "checking each other out" as men often do. Kurt noted that it appeared he was somewhat larger at 6" soft than William who looked like he had about 5" soft. It looked like the diameters of both their cocks were nearly equal.

William broke the ice with, "You've got a pretty nice package Kurt."

"Package?" Kurt queried, not being familiar with the term. "What package?"

"That package," William was pointing to Kurt's privates.

"I never heard of it called a package before."

William explained. "When people are referring to what a man has between his legs, or in his crotch, they politely call it a package. Which sounds better? The man looks like he has a sizable cock or The man has a nice package."

"So that was a complement". Kurt said. "You are politely saying that I have an attractive dick?"

"You got it!" answered William. "It looks nice now, I can't help but wonder how handsome it might be if erect?" 

"OK, Let's play a game." Kurt said. "You can see what it looks like erect if you can make it hard without touching it. Wanna try?"

"Sure," said William. "I love a challenge!"

William stepped over toward Kurt, placed his fingers on Kurt's ears, tickling them. That caused a little arousal in Kurt's cock. Then William started flicking his tongue on Kurt's nipples, while he started caressing Kurt's inner thighs, being careful not to touch any part of Kurt's genitals. Kurt lost, at this point he had a raging, throbbing erection, with an unbelievable amount of pre-cum dripping out of the slit.

William, grinning, "Want me to take care of that?"

"I have to do something with it!" stated Kurt. "I usually just wank it off, but if you have another suggestion, I am open to alternatives."

William, stooping to lick the pre off Kurt's fully erect cock, "I hate to see this going to waste!" 

When William stood up again, it was obvious he also was completely hard.

"I think I've got an inch or two on you," said Kurt, playfully and grinning.

"Let's see," William responded.

William stepped close to Kurt, facing him and lining their cocks up, side by side, pushing Kurt's helmet into his own pubes, and holding both cocks in one hand. Kurt was right, William lacked just about an inch of reaching Kurt's pubes.

"Oh my god!" Kurt uttered, "That's so, I don't know?"

"What?"

"That's a breathtaking feeling, I've never had my cock touching another guys cock like that. It's so wild, so exhilarating. I can't describe the feeling!"

"So I would guess you've never been in a cockfight?"

"Prolly not," Kurt questioned, "What's a cockfight?"

"That's when 2 dudes face each other with erections, and rub against each others cocks and pubes, grinding into each other until one, or, preferably, both guys cum. It is also known as belly fucking."

"Sounds, interesting," Kurt responded, "actually, it sounds like a damn lot of fun!"

"It is," answered William. "It works best either in bed or outside, where you can kind of roll around. It helps, too, to have some lube handy to make things a little slipperier."

"What about in the shower?"

"The floor is pretty hard for that. I suppose you could do it standing up if both your cocks are about the same distance from the floor."

"We was just comparing cock sizes, and it seems they are about the same distance from the floor."

"That sounds like an invitation for a cock fight." William commented, smiling. "We don't have lube, per se, but we have soap. Turn off your water and smother your pubic area and genitals with lots of soap."

Both guys soaped up really good. Kurt's back was against the shower wall, and William closed the gap between them, belly button to belly button, cock to cock. William took both of their cocks in one hand, both of them pointing straight up, and had the bottoms of their shafts, that large vein, next to each other, and squeezing them closely together. Kurt gasped.

"You OK?" William inquired.

"I'm, - fine." Kurt answered, breathing again. "That feels so, good!"

William let go of the two cocks, pushing his pelvis firmly into Kurt's, wedging their two dicks between their bodies. He then grabbed Kurt's buns, pulling him close, and started a fucking motion, sliding his cock against Kurt's cock and abdomen. 

Kurt, instinctively, followed suit, using his hands to pull William's pelvis close, and started the same fucking motion against William, trying to get the opposite rhythm going. The two were going strong, both enjoying the manly activity for about 10 minutes. Kurt suddenly stopped his motion.

"Stop!" said Kurt.

"What's wrong?" uttered William.

"Nothing, except I was about to cum, and want to hold it off."

"I wasn't too far off either. I guess we can take a break for a minute."

William tried to plant a kiss on Kurt's lips, and Kurt turned his head away.

"Sorry, William, I can't get into that."

Kurt, followed by William, started to resume the fucking motion. It only lasted about 5 minutes.

Kurt, gasping again, "I'm about to shoot again!"

"Relax, and try to hold it off for about a minute so I can catch up with you."

Kurt tried to relax and was motionless. William was still humping, trying to get a little closer to his pending orgasm.

"You're gonna make me cum!" exclaimed Kurt. "I can't stop it! I'm 

c-u-u-u-m-m-i-i-i-n-n-g!"

Kurt unloaded his huge wad, some on William's stomach, some forcing it's way up between both men's stomachs, and landing on their chest's with even a little spurt landing on Kurt's chin. Kurt's climax triggered William to shoot off his own load, adding more manly cream to the accumulation already on the two men's stomach's.

"Well, Kurt, what did you think of your first cockfight?"

"Pretty neat." Kurt answered. "Fuck neat, it was downright awesome! That was the strongest orgasm I've ever had, even with women!"

"It is," William admitted, "one of my favorite ways to have sex. I've been told I can give a pretty decent blowjob too."

"Ever taste cum?"

"Nope, you're the 2nd guy I've met here that asked me that."

"You have a small spurt of your own cum on your chin, why don't you try tasting it? I know it is yours, because it was there before I shot my wad."

"I guess it won't hurt me. I know there are a few cum eaters around here and they seem fine. I don't have a mirror so I don't know just where it is."

"I'll help you, gimme your hand." William guided Kurt's finger, and swiped off the gob onto his finger. "There."

Kurt, staring at his finger, "I don't know about this."

"Just do it!"

Kurt finally licked the little gob off his finger, rolling it around on his tongue and swallowed it.

"Well?"

"I still think the idea is a little disgusting, but it didn't taste as bad as I thought it would. I was prepared to gag and puke."

"I suppose we need to rinse off and head to bed." William turned the water back on to one of the shower heads and Kurt followed suit. They both rinsed the soap and cum off their bodies.

Kurt queried, "Do workouts with you always finish up like this?"

"Nope." William returned. "I think it pretty cool to end a workout with a little sexual fun and I try to. Sometimes some guys just want to get blown and I have been told I give good head. Sometimes I've gotten together with some guys and we have found some nice areas outside to play. And, occasionally, some want to just sleep with me, naked! And that often ends up with me sucking them off before we both fall asleep."

"I need to tell you a little about myself." Kurt stated, seriously. "I am and always have been straight. I have jacked off a few times with another guy, other than that I've never even thought about having any kind of sex with a man. Everybody jacks off, even a lot of married guys, and I hardly see anything gay about that."

"Now," Kurt continued, "what we did tonight was most definitely gay, and I hate to admit it, also very exiting and enjoyable. Would I do it again? Absolutely! But that doesn't mean I'm turning gay. I ain't ready to fuck a guy, suck a guy or even kiss a guy. And I damn sure don't want no dick up my ass! Knowing this about me, can we still be friends?"

"No reason not to be." Answered William, "I do think we should dry off and get to bed though. Oh, and by the way, I accept you as a straight brother, and I enjoyed your first cockfight immensely. I do hope we can do that again."

* * * * * * * * *

Kurt and William returned to the sleeping area, both naked. Kurt went to his bed, picking up the dirty clothing and stuffing them under the foot of the bed. He was trying to determine if Adam was still awake. He glanced over at Jesse's bed and it was empty, like he could care less. He was definitely over Jesse. 

"Adam, are you awake?" Kurt whispered.

Adams eyes opened immediately. "Somewhat. Did you have a good workout?"

"Yep, and more than that. I also had a very interesting shower with William. You wearing your tidy whites?"
