 Ivan, Luke and Mike got to the cafeteria, almost too late. There was still plenty of food left but the kitchen crew of two were ready to put things away and call it a night. 

Ivan said, "Shorty, we appreciate y'all keepin' the food out for us latecomers. We should be the tail of the crew from D2." 

Shorty was the nickname that had been tacked on to LaVerne. They called him Shorty, because he was only about 4'10" tall. He looked almost like a kid but was actually 31 years old, and a light skinned black dude, and was really kind of cute.

Shorty responded, "It wouldn't be so bad if we had some help here. Only 2 of us right now to prepare the food and feed nearly 40 eaters. We were told we are getting some help but haven't seen him yet."

Ivan came back, "Actually, Shorty, you have seen him." Pointing to Mike, "Shorty, this is Mike, and he is starting training in Culinary Arts, probably tomorrow."

"Whew, about time!" Shorty, smiling, and extending his hand, "Mike, you have no idea how glad I am to see you. I'm LaVerne, but they have nicknamed me Shorty. I don't really like it, but I guess I can live with it. I really prefer to be called LaVerne or just Vern. You're staying in Dorm 2?"

"Yeah," Mike answered, returning the handshake. "Dorm 2, bed 11. Pleased to meet you."

"Bed 11?," responded Vern, smiling. "That's neat! I'm in Dorm 2, Bed 12, so we are next door neighbors! See you at bedtime." 

Luke and Mike, with their trays of food, followed Ivan to sit at a table occupied by three other men, all of whom they had seen back in Dorm 2.

"Luke and Mike," said Ivan, "I'd like you to meet Smitty, Darin and Josh. Luke, these three guys, along with you and I complete the Carpentry Group. Tomorrow, you will meet Mr. Wilson, the paid instructor."

The group made small talk while they continued to eat their dinner, then all except Mike headed back to the dorm. Mike actually wanted to chat with Vern for a couple minutes. He wasn't certain if he liked the idea of Vern having the bed next to him or not. Mike headed over to the kitchen area of the cafeteria and stood in the doorway until James noticed him.

James spoke, "If you're here expecting to get something to eat, the serving stopped a half hour ago. So how can I help you?"

"I just wanted to see Vern for a few minutes if I could," Mike answered.

James responded, "He's busy right now. We're short handed and trying to get the hell out of here tonight."

Vern, hearing the conversation, came over to where the other two were. Vern stated, "James, cool it! This is Mike, he is our savior, our new trainee. Mike, please meet the senior Culinary Arts trainer, James Lester."

The two shook hands and James smiled, wishing he hadn't been so rough toward Mike.

Vern asked, "Mike, you in a hurry?"

Mike said, "No, I've nothing important to do."

Vern said, "If it is ok with James, I can start training you tonight. The dishes have yet to be done and I can show Mike how to operate the dishwasher." James nodded his head in approval.

"Come on in," Vern said, "The dishwasher is right over here." And led the way. He continued, "It'll take us about an hour to do the dishes and scrub the pots and pans. Then we'll have plenty of time to chat before bedtime. Remind me to take out some sausage from the freezer to thaw for breakfast tomorrow."

For the next hour, Vern and Mike did dishes and made small talk, while James busied himself with the broom and mop, so in an hour they were all ready to leave.

Mike said, "Vern, Don't forget about the sausage."

"Come with me, Mike," Vern said, and Mike followed Vern into the walk in freezer. "We have to take some sausage out of the freezer and put it in the fridge to thaw. Tomorrow is Tuesday and Tuesday is Sausage and Gravy with biscuits for breakfast."

"Cool," Mike replied. "I really like Sausage Gravy on biscuits."

"James," Vern paused, "Please wake both of us in the morning. Mike will be in the bed next to mine, #11. Have a good night."

Mike questioned Vern, "Where does James sleep?"

"He is over in Dorm 1. Security will wake him up about 4:30 AM and he will come and wake us up shortly after. We need to have breakfast ready to serve by 6:30, so the guys can eat and be ready to leave for training by 7:30"

"Good night you two," James said as he turned out the lights and locked the cafeteria doors. "Oh, and thanks for the help Mike."

Once outside the building Vern spoke, "Mike, would you like to take a walk around the campus?"

Mike responded with, "Are we allowed to?"

"Sure, as long as we don't leave the perimeter of the campus. They can tell where we are," Vern said, holding his arm up to show the bracelet, "and if we leave the campus, patrol will be notified to capture us."

As near as we could figure, it was probably close to 8 PM when we left the cafeteria. We just kind of strolled down towards a woodsy area not too far from the Dorms. It wasn't dark yet but would be in another half an hour or so. Mike was beginning to actually like Vern, even though he had been apprehensive a little earlier. Vern seemed, to Mike, to be like a little boy. Even at 31 he had that little boy look, and was really quite likeable. Unknown to Mike, Vern was about to shock him.

Vern suddenly stopped walking and just stood there, so Mike stopped also. Mike queried, "Is something wrong?"

"I don't know." Vern replied. "I'm a little scared."

"Of what?" Mike responded.

"You," Vern admitted, "If I ask you what I want to ask you."

"I'm harmless," Mike assured Vern, "Just go ahead and ask it."

"Here goes," Vern paused, grabbing Mike's hand, "Can I kiss you?"

"I need to warn you Vern," Mike stated, "I return them! I need to get us a little more equal." With that, Mike picked up the 85 pound Vern and stood him on a stump. "Now you can kiss me!"

Now that Vern had the opportunity, he wasted no time. His tongue pressed between Mike's lips, fighting with Mike's tongue for supremacy. They were hugging each other and the height difference was noticeable. Mike was feeling a throbbing bulge near his navel while pushing his boner against Vern's thigh.

Suddenly, Mike pulled away. "I feel like I'm messing around with a little boy, I could go to jail for that."

Vern dropped his pants and boxers, releasing his meat to the open air. Then he grabbed Mike's hand and placed it on his own manhood.

"Does that feel like a little boys weenie?" was Vern's question.

Mike admitted, "Not really. How does a little guy like you get blessed with a cock like that? Wow, I think it may even be bigger than mine, and I know I have about 8 and a half hard. Now I have a question for you Vern. Would you like to fuck?"

"That depends!" Vern exclaimed. "Are you a bottom or top?

"That depends!" Mike explained, "on who I'm with and what they like to do. I like to suck and be sucked, fuck and be fucked. I guess I'm just versatile and 100% gay. And sometimes I really like to just make out and cuddle. What about you?"

"I would really love to sink my eight inches of meat into your man's pussy."

"So I guess you're a top?" Mike mused. "If you want my ass, just take it!"

"Nobody knows my cock better than me," stated Vern. "Once it's hard like this, it'll likely stay that way till I get it off, one way or another. Would you like to ride my pony?"

"I know this is kinda off subject," questioned Mike, "but have you ever sucked a dick?'

"Sure, quite a few times"

"How about an uncut one?"

"Never," Vern answered, "I never really thought I wanted to."

"Well, I had wanted to try it for a long time." Mike continued. "Until today I'd never even seen a guy naked with an uncut cock. And today I had my first experience sucking one."

"How was it? And who was it?," queried Vern.

"I can't answer both," Mike said, "It was deliciously awesome, but I don't kiss and tell. Would I do it again? Absolutely! Now, about that pony, is it ready for mounting?"

"Follow me, Mike," Vern stated, "there is a nice, soft, grassy area just a couple minutes from here." Mike followed Vern's lead to the spot Vern was referring to.

Vern was right. Even walking the short distance, Mike had pretty much lost his boner, but Vern's cock was still hard as steel. Mike was still astounded as to how such a little guy could sport such a big cock. Mike's taint was twitching, and he really wanted Vern's cock inside him. 

Without conversation, both men removed each other's clothing except for socks and sneakers. Vern lay on his back, with that beautiful black cock standing at full attention. It was, at least eight, more likely nearly nine inches long with a relatively good sized mushroom head and no visible foreskin. There was also a good amount of pre-cum coating the head and shaft.

Mike lay down next to Vern, on his side and propped up on his elbow. He leaned over and tenderly kissed Vern's lips, then worked his way down to suck on Vern's nipples, causing shivers to shoot through Vern's entire body.

"Oh my god," Vern groaned, "Nobody has ever made me feel so damn good. I could lay with you forever like this." Then, "I can see why you like to cuddle and make out! This is just, I don't know, exhilarating. But my pony is getting anxious."

"No more so than my pussy," replied Mike. "I don't know how this is gonna work out cause we don't have any lube. I'm glad you are generating a lot of pre, maybe with a little saliva we can do this without lube. I want you in me! Now!"

Mike got up on his right knee and swung his body over, straddling Vern. He then shucked up a few inches, so that his knees were against both sides of Vern's ribs. Their cocks were touching each other, both leaking pre. Mike slid his finger to salvage what he could of his own pre, mixing it with Vern's and spreading it all over Vern's dick. He then spit a mouthful of saliva into his hand and used it to lube up his hole the best he could. 

Mike then proceeded to line the head of Vern's dick with his own taint, slowly pushing his hole down over the head of Vern's cock. Gradually pushing down, the bulb slipped into his hole.

"Ooooooh," Mike groaned, "It's been a while since I've had that sensation! Not complaining, just not quite used to it."

Gradually, Mike started to ride that little man's dick, each time he lowered himself down, it slid further up his channel.

"Stop!" Vern commanded, " It feels great, Mike, but I don't want to cum just yet."

"You're not even all the way in yet. I'm gonna slam down, just once, all the way, Mike said, then we can take a break for a few." Mike slammed down, "Ouch!"

Vern asked, "Are you okay?"

Mike replied, "Yeah, I'm fine. It's probably been a couple years for me, and the last time, he wasn't quite as big as you. I didn't think that slam would hurt quite as much as it did. Now that you are all the way in, it is starting to feel really good. I love how you feel inside me. How is it feeling for you?"

"I'm having some mixed emotions," replied Vern. "I'm not sure how long I can hold off the orgasm. My mind says hold off, and my dick says it wants to shoot! Can we just stay like this for a while?"

"That's asking a lot, Vern," Mike responded, "I want this to be good for both of us. It's just not cool of only one of us gets satisfied. You're just in the right place to hit my prostate, and I can't handle too many hits before I shoot."

Vern then brought up another fact, "Are you aware that we have to get up almost 2 hours ahead of most of the other students?

"I didn't think about that," Mike replied, "So maybe we better wrap this up and get some sleep. I want to finish up this pony ride." With that thought, Mike started to ride Vern's cock a little faster. Every time he lowered himself on that cock, it was pounding on his sweet spot, and he was getting closer.

Suddenly Vern exclaimed, "I'm Cumminnnnnngggg!"

"Not without me, you're not," remarked Mike, as he shot his load all over Vern's chest and face. 

Mike slowly pulled off Vern's dick, trying to hold what he could in his rectum, at least until he could let it drain out on the grass. Vern was just lying there, spent, and grinning.

Mike stated, "I just love the taste of cum!" as he bent over and started licking it off Vern's chest. "Yep, even my own."

Using his fingers, Vern started to slide the cum on his face into his mouth, and then said, "You think you're the only one? You know, you don't taste bad yourself!"

Both men started to get dressed and ready to head back to Dorm 2, knowing, without any doubt, that they both seriously needed a shower.

Mike spoke, "You know Vern, I had some concerns about our beds being next to each other. Working together, and sleeping that close together could be kind of a drag. After the last couple hours together, I've thrown those concerns out. I think we can be friends, maybe even very close friends." Mike continued, "I told you I was gay, but you have never told me if you were, are you?"

"Really?" Vern quipped. "When I first met you, when you were getting your dinner, my Gaydar went off, Ding, Ding, Ding, Ding. Only gay guys have Gaydar. I've never met a woman I was even interested in dating. And, have you forgotten? I asked if I could kiss you? How many straight dudes have asked to kiss you? Any more doubts?"

"You are really a sweet guy," Mike returned, "and I guess I wasn't really thinking. It seems that the more I am around you and the more I get to know you, the more I like you. I've never really even considered dating or having sex with a black dude, and I don't even think of you now as being black. I just think of you as a friend. Black is just a label, like gay is a label."

"I'll make a deal with you," said Vern, grinning, "We both need a good shower when we get back to the dorm, if you're willing to scrub my black ass, I know I won't mind scrubbing you're white ass. Deal?"

"Deal!" said Mike, smiling. "I think we should seal this deal, with a kiss!"

They kissed, deeply and tenderly, and held each other for a few minutes then headed for the Dorm, knowing that 4:30 AM is just around the corner.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Jesse and Kurt are about finished with dinner. Even though Kurt had twice the food to eat, he ate enough faster than Jesse that they both finished about the same time. 

"So," Jesse spoke, "What did you want to talk about?"

"I want to keep it private, Jesse," replied Kurt. "That's why I wanted to find a quiet place without ears around. It's kinda personal. Can you keep it to yourself?"

"Sure," replied Jesse, "I think it's time for a walk around Campus."

The two dropped off their trays at the tray return, and walked out of the cafeteria and went outside. A few minutes walk took them to a quiet, secluded, woodsy area, where there just happened to be a fallen tree that would make a good bench, and they sat down.

"Jesse," Kurt started, "I know you are gay, but do you know that I am not?" Jesse nodded. "It been quite a while since I have had any pussy, and the prospects here are looking pretty dim. Generally, I'm not really looking just for a little release. If that was all I wanted, I can always make use of ole lady thumb and her four sons. I'm looking for something a little more intimate."

"Lord, child," Jesse replied, "There are plenty of dudes around here that should be able to satisfy you."

"I really don't know how to say this," Kurt continued, "but, I would really like for you to be my girl."

Jesse, seriously, "Kurt, I am flattered, however that can never be. You new guys don't know this yet, but I am already someone's girl." Jesse takes Kurt's hand. "You are a very handsome and likeable young man, but my love has been taken, by Ruben. He has a bedroom attached to his private office. You will see that, on many nights, I am not in my bed, the bed next to yours. Those are the nights I am with Ruben. So, effectively, I am Ruben's bitch."

Kurt, shattered, "You sure know how to hurt a guy. I'm not even gay, but I had really thought, or at least hoped, that I could make you my girl. I really wanted that ass of yours. Just imagining what it would be like caused me to get hard, so hard I had to masturbate, every time. I am sorry I wasted your time. Guess I'll head to the Dorm.

Jesse, feeling pity, "Kurt, I'm so sorry. I hate to hurt anyone. Please don't let this blow tear you apart. Things will get better, I promise."

They leave the area, Kurt to his dorm, Jesse to...who knows where.