 4:30 AM on Friday morning, James wakes up Mike and Vern as usual. James isn't sure why, but he has noticed the two cooks have not slept together since Tuesday. He is not too concerned as long as it doesn't affect their work.

Mike, sleepily, "This getting up in the middle of the night is getting old fast."

James responded, "Weekend starts tomorrow so we get a break."

"I thought we had to do this 7 days a week."

"We do, kind of. We normally work from 4:30 AM to about 7:00 PM. Serving 3 meals a day. We do a different schedule on the weekends. We serve a brunch from about 9 AM to Noon, and then a Supper from about 3 PM to 5 PM. So on the weekends, instead of a 14 or 14½ hour day, we have about a 10-hour day. If we can get one more guy, we could actually split the weekdays into 2 shifts, and even give each of us one weekend day off."

"Mike," James continued, "Once you are a little better trained, even with just the three of us, we can probably schedule one of us to leave before dinner time each night on a rotation. See you two in a few."

"Vern?" Mike questioned, "Where can I obtain some Lube?"

"Do you have a commissary account?"

"No, how do I get one?"

"Jesse can get you the form to apply. Somebody outside, like a friend or relative, has to deposit money into it, then you will have the card, like a VISA card, to use to buy stuff through the commissary."

"Something like the one I had in the pen."

"You still got that one?"

"Yes"

"Any money on it?"

"Should be."

"That card should work here also." Vern continued, "In desperation, I have borrowed a little oil or even butter, from the kitchen. Put it in a plastic soufflé cup with a lid. That will grease up a cock, or a man pussy."

"Thanks Vern, I appreciate the ideas. Guess we better get down there and help James."

It is 6 AM on Friday morning and Dorm 1 is awake and buzzing with the normal chaos. Adam looked over to bed #10 and saw his lover still under the sheet. Kurt headed to the bathroom, and Adam was going to grab the opportunity, while Kurt was out of sight, to run over and kiss his boyfriend 'good morning'. 

Adam slipped over and pounced on top of Nate, pushing his lips onto Nate's lips. Nate instinctively wrapped his arms around Adam and the two kissed passionately, disregarding anyone else in the room. They haven't realized yet, that they are incapable of sharing a quick kiss.

Meanwhile, Kurt has returned. He is standing next to his bed, grinning widely, watching his buddy and boyfriend making out on Nate's bed. Suddenly, Adam comes to a realization that they are being watched, he jumps up and off the bed, fully erected and even dripping pre and Nate has his feet on the floor almost as quickly, also sporting a full and dripping erection.

"I believe introductions are in order here!" said Kurt, standing before the two naked, red faced lovers.

Adam, clearing his throat, "Nate, I'd like you to meet my best friend, Kurt, and Kurt, this is my boy- uh -new friend, Nate."

Kurt, grinning, shook Nate's hand, "I don't think that was a slip of the tongue, Adam, I believe you two are boyfriends, and I am fine with that."

Adam, quietly, "Thanks, Kurt, that means a lot to me."

Kurt, thinking, "I have a suggestion, Nate, why don't you ask Jesse if you can swap beds and take #9 instead of #10, so your beds would be next to each other."

"I like that idea," replied Nate, "Thanks, Kurt."

"Oh, and Nate," putting his arm around Adam's shoulder, "You ever hurt my little buddy here, you're gonna answer to me!"

Nate responded, "Kurt, I would never hurt him, I love him too much to hurt him. The first time I met him I knew he was special!"

Kurt stated, "I actually think you have been good for him. When he came in last night, he was like, on cloud 9. I've never seen him so high, maybe Love is a Drug. Adam, you gonna get dressed before breakfast? Or just live on love today."

* * * * * * * * * * * *

Friday about 12:30 in the cafeteria.

Luke, as usual, is bringing up the tail of the Carpentry Group in the lunch line.

Mike, quietly, "Luke, can we get together tonight?"

Luke, nodding, "Meet you here when you get off, ok?"

Mike gave him a thumb up.

Sometime during the afternoon, Mike filled a soufflé cup with butter and had stashed it away in a fridge where he could grab it easily on his way out.

* * * * * * * * * * * *

Friday evening about 7:00 PM, at the cafeteria

Mike grabbed the butter out of the fridge and stuck it in his pocket then left the cafeteria, walked down the hallway to the exit and out to the air. He observed Luke a few feet away, sitting on a bench.

Mike, walking toward Luke, "Hi Luke."

"How's it going Mike?" Luke answered.

Luke stood up, and both men just kind of strolled along breathing the cooler evening air.

"So-So , we are stretched thin, with just the 3 of us, but hoping maybe we get another trainee next week. And how are things going with you?"

Luke said, "They're basically treating me like a laborer, go get this, pickup that, support this, tail the saw, ect. So far I am not learning much."

"Luke, have you gotten over the phobia of being so self conscious about someone seeing your body?"

"I always think some guys are going to laugh when they see my dick. Maybe I'm just more modest than some guys. I don't know."

Mike said "When I see you naked, it turns me on."

"I don't really want my naked body to turn men on."

"You're gonna like this Mike, I did notice this Latino guy, Juan, that is in the Electrical Group. I saw him naked yesterday, and he has an uncut dick, like mine, and I thought of you. I think you might like to meet him."

"Luke!" Mike exclaimed. "You think I just like to get together with guys that are uncut? You have the only uncut cock I have ever had in my mouth. Yes, I do love sucking your uncut cock, not just because it is uncut, but because it is your cock. Even if it were cut, I would still love to suck it, because it is yours."

"I just thought that would turn you on."

"Luke, let's just lie down and relax for a while. I think we also need to discuss a couple things."

They were lying down, close and facing each other. Mike started to caress Luke, stroking his arms, ribs, hips, face and neck. Slowly, Mike started to unbutton Luke's Jeans and met no resistance. Soon Luke was working at Mike's jeans, and over a period of about 20 minutes both men were lying there on the ground, naked, and both with complete erections.

Mike shifted, placing his chest against Luke's hairy chest, and giving Mike access to Luke's lips. Mike pressed his tongue into Luke's lips and they parted, exposing a tongue, ready to dance with Mike's tongue. Luke suddenly wrapped his arms around Mike, as if to hold him forever, pulling Mike's body into his own, causing Mike's hard cock to press against Luke's.

"Luke," said Mike, "I'm really curious, and I really need to know, just how do you feel about me?"

"You're a great friend, Mike, and you know how to make a guy feel really good. You've brought me up out of some really down times, and I feel there is nothing I can't discuss with you. You're one of the most understanding persons I have ever known. I'm very happy to have you in my life."

"Maybe I asked the wrong question. Do you have any, like, emotional, or romantic feelings toward me?"

"That's heavy man! It's really hard to answer, and I don't know what to say. It's like my brain, and my heart, are in a battle with each other. My brain tells me we shouldn't be here like this, naked and all. It's just not right, because we're both men."

"Luke, let your heart speak."

"My heart is fucked up. It wants to be with you. I have had feelings toward you that a man just should not have toward another man. The first time you kissed me, I should have backed away, but I couldn't. 

"Maybe, Luke, it may be your brain that is fucked up and not your heart. Your brain has been conditioned by society. Society says homosexuality is wrong and perverse. Fuck society, I had to follow my heart, and it always led me to men, not women, and I accepted the fact that I was born gay. Love is Love, how and who you love is controlled by the heart, not the brain."

"Luke," Mike continued, "I have wanted you for a long time, long before we came here to this school. I never had an opportunity to pursue the love I had for you until we came here, and I was hoping so much that you would not reject me, and turn me away. You even took my cock in your mouth a few days ago and it felt so good. I know you gagged when I came in your mouth. It was likely your first time to have a dick in your mouth so I understand."

"I still want you," Mike continued, "Emotionally as well as sexually. I am falling in love with you, and right now I just want very much to make love with you. I want me inside you, or, if you would prefer, you inside me!"

"Have you ever been fucked?" asked Luke, "and does it hurt?"

"Yes, a few times, and it can hurt, at first, especially if the guy is too rough. But in a little while, at also starts feeling really good. I think the pleasure is well worth the pain. If you let me in, Luke, I will go really easy and slow, because I don't want to hurt you and I want you to enjoy it as much as I would."

"And the battle rages on," Luke commented, "My brain says no way and my heart says to go for it. I'm gonna let my heart win this round. Mike, please fuck me and please be gentle, you know this is my first time!" Then, thinking, "Wait, we don't have any lube!"

Mike, reaching into his pant's pocket and grabbing the little cup of butter, "Wanna bet?"

"What, is that?"

"Butter, it'll work just fine!"

"Why do I have the feeling that you planned more than just a chat for us tonight?"

"Are you accusing me of having an ulterior motive?" Mike asked, grinning. 

The two men hugged each other, and shared a really passionate kiss, their erect cocks touching each other, the tips of both cocks leaking precum.

"I guess I need to turn over on my stomach?" said Luke.

"No!" Mike responded. "Just pull your knees toward your chin so I can grease us up."

Mike started to spread some butter between Luke's cheeks, then around his rectum, and then, with a well-buttered finger, started to penetrate Luke's virgin hole, causing Luke to jerk.

"Did that hurt?"

"No, it just caught me off guard. Why are you pushing your finger into my ass?"

"Partially, to lubricate your hole, and partially to get it stretched out a little and used to the penetration. Your mind may not be ready for this, but your body gives you away. You're hard as a rock, and generating a lot of precum. You OK?"

"I'm fine, I think," answered Luke. "I guess I'm as ready as I'll ever be."

As Mike buttered his dick, "I want you to put your legs over my shoulders and raise your butt off the ground a little, and I'm going to start gradually pushing the head of my cock into you. Relax and let me do the work."

Luke's hole was, indeed, really tight. Mike pushed slowly but steadily until the head of his cock slipped into the orifice, causing Luke to gasp and yelp.

"Are you okay Luke?"

"I -- I -- I thinks so," stammered Luke. "Please go slow."

"I am going slow, baby. Just let it rest a minute, and relax, don't resist, and it will go easier. This is a first for me too. You are really tight! I'm going to try to give you another inch."

Luke, as Mike pushes in a little further, "You said you'd done this before, now you're saying this is a first time."

"Oh, I have fucked guys before, but this is the first time I've ever been fortunate enough to fuck a virgin. I'm really hoping you enjoy it enough to want it again, and want me as much as I have wanted you!"

Mike started driving his manhood, very slowly, in and out, gradually going in a little deeper, and fucking Luke, slow and easy trying to reach Luke's prostate. 

"Jesus! Oh Gawd!" Luke uttered, gasping, chills running down his spine, and giving him Goosebumps.

Mike, grinning, and running his fingers through the hair on Luke's chest, "You OK? Need me to stop?"

"NO! I don't know how you are doing what ever it is you are doing. It's driving me crazy! You keep hitting a very sensitive spot, and I'm loving it!"

Mike picked up the pace a little, hitting Luke's G spot with every thrust. Mike was starting to feel he wasn't far from a climax and was attempting to slow it up a bit, as he really wanted to get Luke off first. Finally, Mike just lay there, almost collapsing on top of Luke, Luke's hard cock squeezed between them. Then Mike started to gyrate with some short thrusts, hitting Luke's prostate with every little push, but not long and hard enough to drive himself into orgasm.

Luke, his body stiffening, "I feel like I'm going to cum! Oh My Gawd!"

That was just what Mike wanted to hear. Mike, picking up the pace a little, and starting to feel his own orgasm coming on strong, continued to push against Luke's prostate.

Suddenly, Luke threw his arms around Mike, pulling him close to his own body. "Mike! You're making me cum!" Both men could feel Luke's climax spurting between their stomachs.

"Don't let go yet Luke!" Mike exclaimed, as he drove a last couple of thrusts into Luke's rear end, releasing his own orgasm into Luke's bowels, some of it spilling back out and running down to the ground.

Both guys spent and winded, just lay there, Mike on top of Luke, relaxing and kissing each other's lips softly, while catching their breaths.

"That was exhilarating!" Mike exclaimed, "That was the most enjoyable orgasm I've ever had! How was it for you, Luke?"

"You know, Mike, I can't compare as that was my first time. I never even thought, until an hour ago, that I would ever have a dick inside me. You were right though, it did feel really good, once that initial pain was gone." 

Mike slowly pulled his now flaccid dick out of Luke's receptacle, getting up on his knees.

Luke stated, "We got a mess on out bellies."

"Not for long!" Mike replied. "That's another use for a tongue." As he bent back over and started licking up Luke's ejaculate off Luke's belly, and swallowing it. Most of Luke's cum was on his own belly, just a few drops still stuck on Mike's. When Mike had the cum all gone off Luke's belly, he pulled Luke's uncut cock into his mouth, sucking out any remnants that may have remained, making certain that he cleaned the head and foreskin of that uncut cock he loved so much.

"Have you ever tasted your own cum?" asked Mike.

"Nooooooo!" answered Luke, shaking his head.

"It's pretty tasty, Luke." Then pointing to those few drops of Luke's cum still on Mike's own belly, "How about a high protein Snack?"

Luke, reluctantly, started to lick up that cum off Mike's belly, tasting it, and swallowing.

"Not that bad," Luke admitted. "I don't understand how you got me off without even touching my dick. The only ways I have ever gotten off was by jacking off, that blowjob you gave me a few days ago, or in a woman's pussy."

"Remember when you said whatever I was doing was driving you crazy? I was pounding your prostate with my cock. When a man's prostate is stimulated, like I did with yours, it triggers an orgasm. By the way, did you like it?"

"No, I didn't like it much, I loved it! It was an awesome feeling. I am beginning to understand a few things I never knew." Luke went on, "I knew gay guys often sucked cocks, and sometimes they got fucked, but I thought that only helped the fucker to get off, I didn't know the fuckee could get off that way until tonight. Wow!"

"Fucker and fuckee, that's cute." Mike snickered. "In gay terminology, what we did tonight was to make love, and I truly loved making love to you Luke. You were, tonight, a bottom and I was a top. I'm versatile. In other words, I can suck or be sucked, I can top or I can bottom. Some guys are not versatile, some only want to top and some only want to bottom, and some only want oral sex, and never get into anal sex at all.

"There's a whole lot more to gay relationships than just sex, same as straight relationships. If a relationship, straight or gay, is built around sex alone, it's headed for failure from the beginning."

"So, asked Luke, "What do we have?"

"I don't really know Luke. We have friendship, we've had some awesome sex. I can tell you what I would hope for, but you're the only one that can steer this boat. I would like very much to have a loving and meaningful relationship with a man that can feel the same toward me, and have the same desires. When I find that man, or he finds me, I would hope to share a lifetime of happiness with him and maybe even raise a family."

"One reason I would like to find the right woman to marry," stated Luke, "is that I want to have some kids, I want to be a Daddy. That wouldn't be possible in a relationship with a man."

"Wrong, Luke, today, anywhere in this country, same sex couples can marry, and either have children by using a surrogate, or even better, adoption. And neither one of us would even need to go through pregnancy. I think we both could be good daddies."

"What about our families." Asked Luke, "I can see you bringing me home to meet your parents. They'll disown you, and my parents would most definitely disown me."

"I can speak for my parents. They've known, since I was about 12, that I was gay and they still loved me. They are not looking forward to losing a son, they are looking forward to gaining a second son. And they would love you almost as much as I do."

"You just inadvertently admitted that you do love me, unless you misspoke. 

"I just let something slip out that I had not planned to say, at least, not yet. I didn't really want you to know just how deep my love for you is, for fear of you getting scared and running away from me."

"I don't know what to say."

"You don't have to say anything, Luke. Eyes are the windows to the heart. And when I look into your eyes, all I see is love. You have a beautiful heart, and, your heart won't tell you lies. You have to follow your heart."

"I don't quite know how to say this," Luke replied, "but, I have never felt as close to any guy as I feel toward you. Actually, I've never even felt this close to any girl either. I can't help but wonder if maybe we could be, as one."

Luke slid over, closer to Mike, and pressed his lips on Mike's, they wrapped their arms around each other and shared the most passionate kiss yet. It struck Mike that this was the first time Luke had actually initiated a kiss.

Mike, breaking the silence, "Luke, I think we need to get showers and hit the sack, it's getting pretty late. You've probably got grass stains on your back!"

The two men headed back to the dorm. Since it was a Friday night, most of the guys in the dorm were still up, some shooting pool, and most of the rest watching TV. Nobody said a word to either Mike or Luke as they walked past the rec. room to their lockers, stripping down and heading to the showers. 

Once in the showers Mike, grinning, "Yep, you've got grass stains all over your back. Let me wash them off." 

Mike soaped up a wash rag and starting with Luke's neck started bathing him. Mike ran that soapy rag all over his back, under arms, ribs, butt and legs and then, stepping to the front side of Luke, started with his shoulders, down his chest, running his hands over Luke hairy chest, washing Luke's nipples making his cock jump a little, then down to the pubes and really doing a job on Luke's privates.

"Hey, that's not my back!" Luke complained. 

Mike, grinning, "Just want to make sure you are clean. Paybacks accepted."

"You just wait," Luke retorted, as he grabbed the rag and started bathing Mike in a similar fashion, including Mikes scrotum and dick.

The two guys rinsed, turned the water off and started to dry. Mike stood back and was just gazing at Luke's naked body and Luke suddenly became aware of Mike's gaze.
