 Saturday about 11:30 AM in the Dorm 2 rec. room. Bobby and Zach are watching some re-run on TV. Zach, being a little playful, reaches over and caresses Bobby's inner thigh, causing Bobby to grin. Liking the response, Zach just kinda let his hand rest there, on Bobby's thigh, wiggling his finger in a tickling motion. Bobby quietly picked up Zach's hand, pushing it back toward Zach, then tried to re-adjust his hardening dick.

Bobby stated, "Damn, Zach, you know every trick to make a guy hard, don't you!"

Zach, smiling, "I thought maybe you would like to collect that debt I owe you."

"I guess it might be a good day for that, and now that you got me hard, any idea where we might go to get it off?"

"I do," Zach responded, "And I'll likely have to get you hard again by the time we get there, but that isn't a problem, I don't think!" Grins. "Ready to go for a little walk?"

"Not really, There's quite a few around and I really don't want to walk in front of them with an obvious stiffy! Give me a few, and keep your damn hands off me!" Smiles, "At least for right now."

It's now about noon, and the TV show has ended.

Zach rises, stretching, "I need to get some fresh air, gonna join me Bobby?"

"Yeah, I'll go out with you."

As soon as they got out of the dorm, Zach said "Let's take a walk in the woods."

One really cool thing about this school campus is that it is on about a 60 acres lot of land with no neighbor's close by and about half that acreage is woods. There is a white, plastic tape that encloses the campus, and all the students know not to cross that line. They are all monitored, and crossing that line would be considered an attempted escape. The woods are enjoyed by a lot of the guys, and is the place of choice to go out and have a little friendly sex, or sometimes just to go and enjoy the nature of being in the woods.

Bobby and Zach walked into the woods a way and found a small clearing that looked inviting, as a place to have some fun. Both men stripped, except for socks and shoes.

"This seems strange and naughty, being naked in the woods like this!" Bobby commented, "But why did you strip down? You're the one gonna give me a blowjob!"

"Two reasons. One, I love being naked in the woods. Two, I like to play with myself when I suck a guy off, as likely, I will also get off also. I will enjoy getting you off, Bobby!"

Zach got down to business, playing with Bobby's cock and getting him erect again. Zach pulled Bobby down to the ground, and knelt between Bobby's legs, starting an oral assault on Bobby's now sizeable cock.

* * * * * * * * * * * *

Adam and Nate had been in the woods a while now. They were just lying in a somewhat secluded area, not far off the beaten path, as they had witnessed several guys passing by. They were, for the most part, just chatting, making out and enjoying being with each other. They knew, if they were to get any privacy, they would need to go deeper into the woods, and decided to do so. 

About 10 minutes further into the woods, Nate stopped suddenly, looking at Adam with his finger on his lips. "Quiet," Nate whispered. "Listen."

"What are we hearing?" whispered Adam.

Still whispering, Nate said, "There is somebody over there, maybe fucking." Then, grinning, "Want to have some fun?"

"I'm always up for a little fun." Grins, "Do you know who it is?"

"Not yet, need to get just a little closer. Step quietly so they don't hear us!" 

Nate and Adam sneaked about 15' closer, undetected, Nate could see through the brush.

Nate, whispering in Adam's ear, "It's Zach blowing Bobby! We'll surprise them, big time. You ready? Just follow me."

Bobby's eyes were closed, in ecstasy, while Zach was worshiping Bobby's erected, and actually quite attractive penis. Neither of them heard Adam and Nate sneak up behind Zach, both pranksters fighting to keep from laughing.

"Well, Well, Well!" Exclaimed Nate, "What have we here?"

Zach was on his feet in about 1 second, Bobby trying to get up and attempting to hide 8" of hard cock at the same time. Both guy's had eyes like a deer in the headlights, and faces that were red. Just the look on their faces sent Adam into hysterics, and both Adam and Nate were laughing uncontrollably.

"YOU FUCKERS!" Cried Zach, "YOU FUCKIN' SON'S A BITCHES!"

"You didn't have to stop on our account." stated Nate, grinning.

Adam added, "I was actually looking for a ring side seat to watch the show!"

"You do know," warned Zach, "That paybacks are hell, don't you? And we will get you back!"

"Zach!" said Nate, "I don't want to hear any more from you about me suckin' cocks, cause Babe and I caught you today, with your mouth full of cock! And I hope y'all know, we did this all in fun. Love you guys."

"Your timing really sucked," said Zach, "I was just about to make him cum, another couple minutes it would have been all over!"

"Go ahead and get him, Zach, before he loses his erection completely. Then Nate added, "Me and Babe got something to do anyway. See you later." 

Nate and Adam moved away from the immediate area to about 100' from the other two guys. Both still laughing a little, they fell into an embrace, kissing, hugging and both feeling a swelling in their crotch. 

"I want you," Nate uttered, in a low, romantic voice.

Adam replied, "Baby, I think you already have me!"

"Not that way, I want for us to make love. Have you ever fucked a guy?"

"No, but I'll bet you have."

"Actually, only a couple times." Nate replied. "We need to get naked!"

Nate started to work on getting his boyfriend's pants down, letting Adam's rigid cock spring out into the open air. Adam took the hint, and did likewise, both men stepping out of their clothes, pulling their tees off and dropping them on the ground.

"I don't know about you Adam, but all that coffee is putting a lot of pressure on my bladder. I need to pee, before we do anything else."

"Me too, but I usually can't pee with a hardon," Adam said, "Can you?"

"I can when I gotta go this bad!"

Nate turned his back to Adam and walked about 10 feet away, preparing to piss, with his boyfriend right by his side. Both guys let loose, neither holding onto their cocks, and with both having erections, the streams of piss went up into the air, the sun shining on the streams.

Adam chuckling, "Golden Arches, reminds me of McDonalds." Then added, "I guess, when you really gotta go, even a boner doesn't stop you."

"And it doesn't make me want you any less either!" Nate replied, pressing his body against Adam's, pulling Adam closer, kissing him, and grinding his erected cock against Adam's leaking erection.

"So," Nate asked, "What do you want to do?"

"I'm going to let experience lead," Adam replied, "Damn you make me hot, baby, I'm leaking pre like a sieve."

"I can try to coach you to fuck me, or I can fuck you? Choice is yours, babe!

"Either way, I'm a virgin. Nate, fuck me today, and next time I'll fuck you, OK?"

"Sweetie," said Nate, "I want us both to get off, and I won't be happy if only one of us does. I will go easy on you. I know it will hurt a little at first, but I sincerely believe the pleasure is worth it." He kisses Adam again, tenderly. Adam suddenly starts laughing. "What's so funny, babe?"

Adam, giggling, "Just remembering the looks on their faces!" Then, sobering, "Do you think they are still close? What if they try to get revenge?"

"We have an advantage. We know they may still be close by, and they might try to get us back. If they do, it won't be such a shocker as when we ambushed them! We caught them completely off guard."

"So, what do we do, if they do try to get us back?"

"Nothing, just continue doing whatever we're doing and pretend they're not there!" Nate fishes in his pants pocket, retrieving the lube. "You ready babe?"

"I guess, but you're going to have to tell me what you want me to do. I've never lost my cherry before!"

"And I've never taken one before. I so want you to like this, I want us both to love it! Adam, pull your knees up and expose your ass." 

Adam complied and Nate started putting some of the cold lube around Adam's taint, and spread some around between his cheeks, causing Adam to pull his sphincter muscle in, squeezing his cheeks together against Nate's finger.

"Relax, babe!" Nate exclaimed. "I need to get your hole used to a little penetration, and get you stretched a little." Nate pressed against Adam's rosebud, popping the first joint of his finger inside, making Adam gasp. "Easy babe, just relax, and let me work my finger in. Please don't resist it."

Once Nate got the first finger all the way in, he pulled it almost all the way out, then added a second finger and slowly pressed both fingers in, stretching Adam's taint a little more. Finally, Nate pushed in again with 3 fingers and Adam was holding his breath. 

"Did that hurt?" Nate asked.

"No. Just felt kind of strange, but still good."

"Soon as I finish lubing up, I gonna hit you with the real thing! You're lucky, you know my dick is kind of slim. Imagine if I had a cock like Eric's! OK babe, put your legs on my shoulders and let your butt raise a little off the ground. Relax babe, I'm going in!"

Adam said, "If you had a monster cock like Eric's, it would never be as close to my ass as you are right now! Oooooooooohhhhh."

"Feel OK babe?" asked Nate, "That's only the head of my dick in you now."

"Yeah, I'm good, baby. Just feeling a new sensation."

Nate continued to slowly start fucking Adam's ass, each thrust pushing just a little further in than the one before.

"I'm all the way in babe. Are you ok?" Then, noticing the puddle of precum on Adam's abdomen, "I'd lick up that puddle you've leaked, but I don't want to pull out."

Adam, sniffling, "I'm fine baby."

"You sure? You're crying. Am I hurting you?"

"I'm just loving the feeling of you inside me. I never knew it could feel this awesome!"

"Hey, you guys wanna make this a threesome?" Zach asked, standing there, naked with an erection, and his clothes in one hand.

"Where the fuck did you come from?" asked Nate.

"Damn, hardly any reaction from you two."

"We knew you might still be close by and might try to get revenge. Knowing that prevented you from catching us completely off guard. Did you finish getting Bobby off?"

"Yeah, finally. He went back to the dorm, and I hung around to surprise a couple friends." Grinning, how about that threesome?"

"You were serious about that?" questioned Nate.

"Yep! Serious as a hard attack, pun intended. I got Bobby off, but I didn't get off."

"What do you think babe?" asked Nate, still completely inside his lover.

"How would that work?" replied Adam.

"If you're serious, Zach, Adam has leaked a huge puddle of precum on his belly. I can't reach it, to lick it up, without pulling out. Will you take care of it?"

Zach immediately dropped to his knees and lowered his head down by Adam's cock and licked up the puddle, and licked off the head of Adam's cock as well, causing Adam to jerk a little.

"Nice cock, Adam." Said Zach. "I can't help but wonder if your cum tastes anywhere near as nice as the taste of your precum, and that is mighty tasty!"

"Zach, exactly what were you thinking, as far as a threesome goes?" asked Nate.

"Since you're already in Adam's ass, and I've got a hard cock needing relief, I can fuck your ass while you're fucking Adam. If you don't pop Adam's nut while fucking him one of us can finish him off orally."

"It that OK with you Adam?" asked Nate. Adam nodded his head ok.

Nate, pointing, "Zach, lubes right there, I can handle you. 

Zach proceeded to lube Nate's crack and anus, pushing his lubed finger into Nate's taint, causing Nate to push really hard into his boyfriend. Zach then lubed his own 7 plus inches of erected penis, placed the head of it ready to insert into Nate's bunghole. Zach pushed in slowly, but for some reason met a lot of resistance.

"Nate, relax!" Zach commanded.

"Okay!"

Zach pushed again and Nate's bud opened up to receive the rather large head of Zach's cock. 

"Yikes!" Nate yelped, "Take it easy Zach!"

"You should be used to it Nate, I'm just about the same size as your boyfriend."

"Maybe so, but, Adam hasn't been in there, yet. We made a deal, I would make love to him today, and the next time, I get him inside me!"

Zach pushed in a little more, sliding in about half his length into Nate's rear. Zach was taking it slow, as he really wanted, if it was possible, for all three men to climax close together. Zach gradually pushed his entire length into Nate, then backed almost all the way out and slammed in again.

This caused Nate to slam into Adam's hole with more force. Nate then started pushing his ass onto Zach's pole, then off it, pushing himself into Adam. Nate was feeling like a machine, his ass stroking Zach's cock and his own cock working the inside of his lover's rear. The ecstasy of all this man sex was raising a chorus of groans and moans from all three men. Zach reached his arm around and under Nate, wrapping his hand around Adam's cock, slightly sliding his hand up and down it. Adam's whole cock was covered in precum.

Adam, raising his voice a little, "Somebody better let my cock go or they're gonna have a lot more than some precum on it." Zach removed his hand.

A couple minutes later, Nate, still gyrating back and forth, with Zach's cock in his ass, and his own cock inside Adam, started to slow down as he was feeling his orgasm approaching. At the same time he put some pressure on his sphincter muscle, tightening it around Zach's cock, pushing Zach towards a climax.

Adam, suddenly, breathing really heavy and wrapping his arms around Nate, "Oooh, Oooh, Unnnngggghhhh, cuuuuuuummm iiiiinnnnnggggg!"

Nate, of course, felt the ropes of cum from Adam's cock spurting all over his own and Adam's stomach and chest. Adam also, in the process of cumming, tightened his sphincter muscle, which triggered his lover to shoot his own load into Adam's rear. 

When Nate climaxed, he inadvertently tightened his own sphincter muscle, forcing Zach to reach his orgasm, filling Nate's bowels. So it happened, three guys having sex together, and all cumming within about a 30 seconds time frame.

Zach spoke, "what y'all going to do about all that mess on your stomachs and chests? Y'all going to lick each other clean?"

Adam and Nate looked at each other. Nate said, "I know I can take care of cleaning off Adam."

"I would have a little problem, trying to eat my own cum." Said Adam.

"My diet has been short on protein lately," said Zach, "So I will clean off Nate!" Then continued, "You know, guys, that was classic! It takes a lot of manipulation sometimes, for two guys to get it off together. Three? Incredible!"

Zach got on his knees again, and started to lick Nate's chest and tummy clean. He then got up and proceeded to put his clothes on.

"Hey, guys," Zach said, "I hate to eat and run, but my stomach tells me it's probably close to chow time. One cannot live on cum alone. It's been fun, and I mean that seriously. If you ever want to do it again sometime, I'm game."

Nate got down on his knees, to start cleaning cum off Adam's stomach and chest. "Well, what do you think?"

"That was different." Adam said, "I really think I would prefer my sexual encounters to be just one on one though."

"What did you think of how I made love to you? Did you like that?

"That was like, so intimate. I loved it, and now I can hardly wait to make love to you."

"Babe," Nate responded, "That could be later tonight, if our batteries can recharge that quickly, At least tomorrow. I think we should get dressed and back to the dorm. It would be nice to get a shower before dinner, as we both have a load of cum in our asses."

"How do we keep it from dribbling out?" asked Adam. 

"Just kind of pretend that you have the shits, and keep the sphincter muscle closed, till you get to a place where you can let it go. You can squat down somewhere, and let it drain, but there still will be some drainage into your underwear." 

"If we used condoms, that would help also as the condom would hold all of the cum, and could be disposed of later. There is also an advantage of oral sex, as, most of the time, whoever receives the load, swallows it. Too, even if not swallowed, if outside, just like jacking off, you can let it just hit the ground or spit it out."

"Here," Nate pulled a couple napkins out of his pocket and handed them to Adam. "Use them like a Kotex stuffed in your crack. Might keep your pants drier and cleaner."

Adam appreciates how smart his boyfriend is, stuffing the napkins in his crack, while Nate did likewise. The two lovers got dressed and headed for the dorm.

When they walked in, Adam looked at the clock. "Nate, we can forget the showers before supper, it's already 4:30 and they shut down at 5:00 on weekends!"

"That's cool, Adam, We have all night to catch a shower. Let's go grab chow."

As Adam and Nate walked into the cafeteria, Luke came in right behind them. They all got their trays loaded, Adam and Nate headed to an empty table. Luke followed them.

Luke asked, "Adam, I think the Carpentry Group have all left, may I sit with you two?"

Adam replied, "Sure Luke, is everything OK?"

"I'm not sure, Adam. Some strange things have been happening to me lately. May I ask who this is?" pointing at Nate.

"Sure, I guess introductions are in order. Nate, this is Luke, he is one of the guys that arrived here with me, Luke, this is my boyfriend, Nathan, or Nate for short. He is, right now, in Buildings & Grounds."

Luke, eyes opened really wide, "Adam, did you call him your boyfriend?"

Adam, smiling and putting his arm around Nate's shoulders, "I did!"

"Last I knew, there was no way a guy could ever get even close to you. And now you have a boyfriend. How does someone go from straight to gay that quick?

"I don't think I did Luke. I suspect I was always gay, I just kept it buried, and tried to be the normal man society says we should be. Then I met Nate. I had feelings for this man that I've never had for anyone. An attraction I didn't understand. He helped my find my true self, and I fell in love with him."

"So," questioned Luke, "What happens if he wants to have sex with you?"

"It's already happened. Just today he made love to me for the first time. I can't describe how wonderful it felt, having him inside me. And soon, maybe tonight or tomorrow, I'm going to make love to him. I can't wait!"

"Adam, I've never seen you so happy, and I am happy for you. Good to see you and nice to meet you, Nate." Then, thinking, "Adam, I think we have both been dealing with similar problems. Mike and I have also been building a relationship, and I can finally admit to myself that I really have fallen in love with him. I had some obstacles in my way, and Mike helped me destroy them."

Luke continued, "Mike works some horrendous hours here in the kitchen, and we have a hard time getting much time to spend together. I started eating late, then I hang around till he gets done so I can get some time with him."

Adam, smiling, "Luke, thank goodness there are guys like Mike and Nate to find us lost souls and save us, from ourselves! We're going to take off. Good luck to you and Mike."

"Hey, wait!" Luke hollered. Nate and Adam stopped in their tracks and went back to where Luke was.

"What did you want?" asked Adam.

"You said Nate made love to you?"

"Yes, Luke, why?"

"Did you have lube?"

"I have some," Nate interjected.

"Where did you get it?" Luke asked.

"What I have in my locker, I bought through the commissary. This one," Nate held up the one he had carried in his pocket, "I got from Jesse. Why? Do you need some?"

"Actually," Luke replied, "I think I do."
