 Sunday evening, about 6:00 PM. Nate and Adam had both removed the napkins from their cracks and cleaned up from their earlier fun in the woods. They were by their beds and dressing when Kurt walked in.

Adam spoke, "Hey Kurt, some of us are meeting at the pool to go skinny dipping. You're welcome to join us."

"I haven't checked out the pool yet," Kurt replied, "Sounds good, when?"

"Right now."

William suddenly appeared, "I heard that, count me in too."

The four guys all headed to the poolroom and were a little surprised to find about half the complex there. Nate spotted Zach in the water. They all stripped, hanging their clothes and towels on the provided hooks on the wall.

Zach hollered, "Last one in is a rotten egg!"

All four guys scrambled and made one big splash as they all dove in together, laughing. Then, looking around the pool, they noticed there was not a single guy wearing anything.

Kurt exclaimed, "Wow, 100% nude pool party! I've never skinny dipped with just guys before!"

"There is a first time for everything," somebody said.

Darin and Josh, from the CG (Carpentry Group), were messing around with each other, slapping and tugging on each other cocks, both guys starting to erect somewhat. Josh slid up onto the concrete edge of the pool, trying to will his boner to go away. Darin swam up to him, admiring the attractiveness of Josh's 8" cut and erect cock, and feeling his own penis growing to a full hardon.

"I've never seen you erect before," said Darin, in a low voice, "Do you know you have a beautiful cock?"

"I never gave it any thought," Josh answered. "This might be kind of awkward, but, have you ever done anything, like, with another guy?"

"When I was a teenager, there were about four or five of us used to get together sometimes and have a circle jerk. And one of them sometimes spent a night at my house, we would sleep together nude, and always ended up jacking each other off. That's about it. What about you?"

Josh thought a minute, "I had a teenage friend that I used to jack off with. And then there was this older guy that offered me a blowjob. I asked what he wanted in return, and he said he just wanted my jizz. It felt really good, and he sucked me off on several occasions, never asking anything in return except a couple times he asked me to jerk him off, and I did."

Darin in a low voice, "I've never done anything like this before, but, If you would do me, I would be willing to do you."

Josh, raising his eyebrows, "Are you suggesting swapping blowjobs?" Darin nodded. "Well, it might be worth trying. It might make both of us Bi, but we'd both get off! When and where do you wanna do this thing?"

"I think we're both pretty hot right now, so let's go out in the woods, as soon as we dry off and get dressed." Darin stuck out his tongue, and gave Josh a quick lick, removing a couple drops of pre that had formed on the tip of Josh's cock, causing Josh to grin.

The two then headed out of the poolroom and out into the woods.

"I trust you've been out here before?" asked Josh.

"A few times." Darin replied, "Quite a few, it's been my favorite get-away place to go, where I can get naked, and jack off. We've got about an hour or more before darkness arrives."

"I'm already liking this better than getting it off in a restroom stall! Or even while taking a shower."

"See that flat rock over there?" Darin asked. "That would be a good place to leave our clothes." Darin started to strip, piling his clothing on the rock, and Josh followed Darin's action.

"You're hard already," said Josh, viewing Darin's quite obvious and very stiff manhood.

Darin responded, pointing at Josh's nearly 8" of hardness, "And if that is still soft, I'm gonna chicken out on this deal!" Both men laughed, and proceeded to feel each other up.

"Just looking at, and feeling your erect cock is making me hotter than a two peckerd billygoat!" Exclaimed Josh. "I can't believe another guy is arousing me like this. Fuck aroused, I'm steaming hot! Just look at those strings of precum dripping outta my dick! I have never dripped that much before I fucked a woman!"

"I'm right with ya, dude." Darin squats down and takes a lick of Josh's pre.

"So what does it taste like?" 

Darin stood back up, "Hard to explain, but it doesn't taste bad. I've got a good stream running too, just try it!"

Josh kneeled down, taking a good lick of pre from the head of Darin's dick. He kind of rolled it on his tongue for a few seconds, then nodded his head.

"You're right, Darin, it doesn't taste bad at all." Then, surprisingly, "Let's get this show on the road!" Josh sucked the head and about 2 more inches of Darin's cock into his mouth.

"Oh my god!" Darin gasped. Josh pulled off.

"Is something wrong?" Josh inquired.

"Not at all," Darin blurted. "You just caught me off guard, and this is the first time my cock has been in anyone's mouth." 

"Hey dude, this is a first for me too. If you think I could do something better, or differently, just let me know." Josh started laughing. "I can't believe I'm kneeling here, with a cock in my mouth, and it's actually kind of fun!"

Josh attacked that cock again, licking off the precum, and gradually taking more into his mouth, tickling the crown with his tongue, and starting to bob his head up and down, and feeling the tip of Darin's head hitting his pallet, almost making him gag.

"I can't believe how good this is feeling," Darin groaned, "I'm so hot right now, I think this may be the quickest blowjob in history. I know it won't be very long till you make me cum! I'm getting really close already, This feels fucking awesome!"

Josh is thinking, do I want Darin to shoot in my mouth? Or shoot it on the ground? Fuck it, I've come this far, I'm going to do it right! I'm going all the way!

"I'm getting really close, Josh. You better get ready to pull off." Josh locked his fingers behind Darin's bubble. "You're gonna get a mouthful if you don't pull off NOW! OOOohhhhhh! I'mmmmmm cuuuummmiiiinnngggg."

Spurt after spurt of Darin's seed landed into Josh's mouth and Josh was determined not to let any of it go to waste. He milked out the last of Darin's juice, letting Darin slip out of his mouth.

"Wow!" Josh exclaimed, grinning, "Wow!"

"I'm so sorry, Josh. I didn't intend to cum in your mouth! You were holding me in and I couldn't pull out! And I couldn't hold off my orgasm either!"

"I know that," grinning, "Just shortly before you came, I made a decision to go all the way, and take whatever you shot! You didn't have a choice, I forced you to cum in my mouth, that's what I wanted! Now, how was it for you?"

"Truthfully, that was the best blowjob I've ever received. Since it is also the only one I've ever had, I have nothing to compare it with. You really handled my cock like a pro. Would I want a repeat? Damn straight. That was nothing short of awesome! Are you certain you've never sucked a dick before?"

"Scouts honor, Darin. I have never sucked a cock before, but after that experience, I would do it again." Then added, "By the way, your cum doesn't taste bad at all, I still have the flavor of it in my mouth."

"Would you like to share that flavor?"

"I don't know how that could be done."

Darin, grinning, "Just put your tongue in my mouth and wiggle it around."

"Ahhh, no man! That's uh, that's just too gay!"

"Just kidding, Josh!" Darin starts to play with Josh's nipples, causing Josh's cock to start erecting again. "We still have half an agreement to finish. Josh, lie down on your back." Josh reclined, with his now hard cock standing straight up. "That damn sure is a beautiful cock! Let's see if it tastes as good as it looks." Darin licked off the glistening stream of pre that was oozing out of Josh's pee hole.

"Keep in mind, Josh, this is my first time sucking a cock. I don't mind if you offer any suggestions that might make it better for either or both of us." Then added, "You're a little bigger than me, both in length and girth, but I'll do the best I can."

Darin gingerly started to work on Josh's cock, which has an upward curve, taking in the head and about 2" of the shaft, sucking and tonguing. When he tried to take more, the head was hitting the roof of his mouth.

Josh spoke, "Due to the upward curvature of my dick, it might work better if you flip around, straddling my head with your legs instead of my knees." Darin took Josh's suggestion.

Going back down on Josh's cock, in this position, his cock just naturally slid in and down toward Darin's throat. He started to try to deep throat Josh, and started to gag.

Josh said "Take it easy, don't try to take it all at once! Just gradually take in a little more. It's a little late now, but we maybe should have tried to do a 69. Your cock is hanging so close over my mouth I can almost taste it!"

"Darin, you know that little space between the scrotum and the anus? It's called a perineum. Some guys, like myself, are very sensitive there. Just saying" 

"Darin, you're making me feel really good. I'm not quite ready to cum, yet, but when I do, if you don't want me to shoot it down your throat, you are going to have to pull off me cause you're on top and I have no room to back off."

Darin was taking that dick in as far as he could, without gagging, and had a pretty good rhythm going, then he started to stroke Josh's perineum, and tickling around his anus with his fingers, while massaging his balls with the other hand.

Josh was starting to breathe sporadically, almost gasping, then his body started to stiffen and tremble.

Josh uttered, "If you don't want my load in you, then you better pull off soon, like, NOW! Oh, Fuck, here it comes, Holy shit, that feels good, damn, I'm still shooting, about done now." Whew, that was phenomenal. You OK, Darin?"

Darin flipped around so he could sit, facing Josh, cum was running down his chin and he was grinning ear to ear.

"I'm fine," Darin answered, "I might not need to eat again for a couple days! How did I do, for my first BJ?"

"Not too bad. You're a little rough around the edges, but you're welcome to use me for a practice mannequin anytime you want! You know, you didn't have to swallow my load."

"But you swallowed mine, so if I didn't swallow yours, that would have given you a 1-up on me. Your cum doesn't taste too bad either. 

"I think," Josh said, "the next time we feel a need to get off, we may be better off to just do a 69 from the get go. I also think we need to get back and get cleaned up for bed, it's almost dark."

"You're probably right, about the 69." Darin returned. "I hope we can find our clothes, I know we left them on that flat rock, somewhere near here."

They wandered around for a few minutes, and finally found their clothing.

"Before you get dressed," Josh said, "you may want to use your boxers to wipe the cum off your face. Walk into the dorm with that, and everyone will know what we've been doing."

* * * * * * * * * * * *

Nate and Adam are standing in the corner at the shallow end of the pool hugging, with a little too much body contact. Both men are starting to grow, at the least, semi-hard dicks.

"I wonder if we can get a couple guys to play horse shoes against us?" Nate commented. 

Then Nate dove down under the water and sucked Adam's stiff cock into his mouth, causing Adam to squeal. Kurt was watching and then swam over to them and grabbed both of their cocks, one in each hand.

Kurt yelled, "Lookie what I just found, two stiffies!"

A couple more guys came over, lifting both Adam and Nate out of the water, exposing their erections for all to see. The whole group was laughing, and both Nate and Adam felt the blood rushing to their faces.

"Kurt!" Adam yelled, "I can't believe you did that to us! I thought we were friends!"

"Hold on guys!" Kurt said, putting his arms around both men, and hugging them, "It was all in fun, and everybody got a good laugh. I love you guys." Then, still laughing, "You guys both wear red very well!"

"Adam," Kurt continued, "A week has changed you a lot, for the better. When we came here, you were depressed, never smiled, you were homophobic, and so afraid somebody might see you naked. I know Nate has had a lot to do with the changes. Now you are outgoing, comfortable with nudity, you've come out as gay, obviously in a loving relationship, and seem happy most of the time!"

"Kurt," Adam responded, smiling, "I am happier now than I have ever been, at anytime in my life. Nate has taken my heart, but gave me his in return." Then, tearing up a little, "I don't feel that Nate and I just love each other. I think that we are 'in love', with each other."

Nate, nodding, puts his arm around Adam, "Kurt, my parents are coming to see me next weekend. I plan to introduce Adam to them, as their future Son-in-law!" 

"Taking a pretty big chance, aren't you, Nate? 

"Nope!" Nate stated, "I know my parents, and I know they just want to see me happy, and Adam has made me very happy! They have also known, for a long time, that I am gay."

"Wow!" Kurt said, "You two look so sweet and contented when you're sleeping together, it almost makes me jealous. Adam, how are your parents taking it?"

"They don't know, yet, about any of this." Adam replied, "I hope it doesn't go down that way, but I am prepared to possibly lose my family. I am trying to set up a visit from them within the next couple of weekends, lay everything out, and see what happens."

"I really hope things go well for you, Adam," said Kurt, "If not, I am likely your best friend!" Then, looking at Nate, "Or maybe your 2nd best friend! I may not be gay, and I don't desire to have sex with you, but I feel like we are brothers, and I care about you, a lot."

* * * * * * * * * * * *

Luke was waiting in the cafeteria for Mike to finish cleaning. About 5:30 James, Vern and Mike all walked out of the kitchen area, locking the door.

"Let's go, Baby!" Mike said to Luke, as Luke arose to join the other three and they all walked out of the cafeteria.

Once outside, Vern spoke. "Luke, If I ever acted cold toward you, I apologize. I was, at one point, somewhat jealous of you, and I was trying to make love happen. It was not to be, between Mike and myself." 

"I know Mike has given his heart to you, Luke, please treat it carefully. Luke, you've got one hell of a man!" With tears in his eyes, "Treat him right, and he'll be yours, forever!"

Mike responded first, "Vern, we really appreciate that. I know that Luke knows I am committed to loving him, and I am really sorry that I led you on, at one point." Then went on, "It just took time, a lot of time, for Luke to realize that he needed me, as much as I needed him. And yes, he had some huge obstacles that had to be smashed first."

"Thanks Vern," Luke returned, "I'm not the same as I was, I know now who I am. We have actually talked marriage someday, but so far we are not even engaged. Mike said you had offered to be his best man, if and when we ever do, is that offer still valid?"

"You betcha!" Vern said, smiling. "What are you two going to do between now and bedtime?"

James said, "I'm just going to relax, and watch some TV. See you in the morning." And then headed into Dorm One.

"I think," Mike said, smiling, and looking at Luke, "I'm ready for some mad, passionate sex with my man!"

Luke, looking down and hoping neither of the other two guys notice the redness in his face, "Mike, you embarrass me sometimes."

"Aw, come on Baby, you'll get over it, It's just natural for lovers to want to make love! And I'm so fuckin' hard for you right now, just thinking about it!" Luke glances down at Mike's bulge.

Vern, also observing that same bulge, and grinning, "See you guys tomorrow, Have fun!" Vern headed to Dorm Two.

Mike grabbed Luke's hand leading him towards the welcome and friendly woods. As soon as they were kind of out of sight, Mike stopped, stepping to face Luke, wrapped his arms around Luke, forced his lips onto Luke's open mouth and quickly pushed his tongue into Luke's warm and waiting mouth. Luke wrapped his arms around Mike. The two men just kissed, hugged, grinding their very hard cocks against each other.

"Baby," Mike panted, "Do you have any idea how fucking much I'm wanting you right now?"

"I think I do," Luke answered, while working the button and zipper on Mike's jeans. "You've had that erection ever since we left the cafeteria. I've been wanting it inside me for the same amount of time."

Luke pulled down Mike's jeans and boxers in one pull, and Mike stepped out of them, turning his attention to Luke's clothing, and pulling them down and Luke stepped out of them. Both men slipped their tees over their heads and threw them on the ground. They were both, now that their dicks had been released, streaming pre. 

They were still hugging and devouring each others lips and tongues. They were both leaking so much pre, they weren't rubbing their cocks together, more like sliding them against each other.

"Mike," Luke spoke softly, "I want you to lie down, on your back."

Mike is now on his back, with almost 8" standing almost straight up, is thinking that Luke is going to try to fuck him, or maybe suck his dick. Luke surprised him, placing both of his knees just outside Mike's thighs.

"What are you doing?" Mike inquired.

Luke, placing his finger on his lips, "Shhhh"! Luke reached in his jeans pocket and retrieved what remained of the lube, and started to spread it all over Mike's steaming hot cock, then applied some to his own pucker, sliding a lubricated finger into his hole to condition it a little.

Luke then shuffled his knees up toward Mike's ribs, placing his pucker right over the tip of Mike's raging cock, slowly letting his hole surround and engulf Mike's shaft. Mike can't help moaning out of sheer pleasure.

"God, I love you, Mike" then "you feel so good inside me! I don't want this feeling to end.

"Baby, do you know you've leaked a huge puddle of pre on my tummy?"

The way I feel right now, it's going to be more that pre shortly.

Mike reaches down, taking hold of Luke's uncut cock, which in it's erected state, the head has protruded out of the foreskin. He is feeling the velvety foreskin, and stroking it very slowly.

"That feels too good, but I don't want to cum that way, I know you can trigger my orgasm from inside me." Luke said. Mike pulled his hand away.

Luke started to ride that cock a little harder, a little faster, Mike is in heaven, having never been rode that way before. Luke shifted a little, causing his sweet spot to start getting hit every time he bottomed. 

"Baby, I gonna white wash your insides pretty soon."

"If you touch me now, I'll flood you with a white river!"

Mike couldn't resist the temptation, and started to, very lightly and playfully, run his fingers over Luke's foreskin.

"I warned you Mike! Shit, Oh, I'm shooting all over you, Oh my gawd, I can feel you filling me inside, Oh, this is incredible. A fantastic double orgasm.

"Wow, that was one to write home about! That was awesome, Thank you Baby.

Luke collapsed on top of Mike, with Mike's cock still inside him, spreading Luke's huge eruption between them. Somehow, their lips found each other and they kissed ever so tenderly. Mike suddenly laughed.

"What's funny?" Luke asked.

"All that cum entangling all the hair you have on your chest. It's a good thing we like to shower together, you might need some help to clean your chest!"

Luke retorted, "When I pull up off you, there is no way I'm going to be able to hold it all in me, so it's probably going to flood your pubes, so you might need my help in the shower too!" Then added, "Mike, every time we do something together, it get better."

Mike said, "Baby, the hours I spend in that kitchen are almost unbearable, waiting till I can leave and be with you. Even if all we do is take a walk, hold hands, just to be with each other. And when we go to bed, our bodies next to each other, it's like sharing a little slice of heaven.
