 Chapter 28 – W-8 Friday Morning

This is Jose's last week. Darin has passed his test in Carpentry, Juan, Jake and Rick passed their exams and are now licensed electricians. 

Troy and Mike opened the cafeteria this morning to prepare and serve breakfast. Mr. Styles came in, looking for LaVerne, and Mike said he wouldn't be in until afternoon.

"OK, Mike" Ruben stated, "This is Jose's last week, can I depend on you to do the cake thing? I am also calling a special mandatory meeting for 7:00 PM, and we can present the cake after the meeting."

"Yes Sir. And we will get the word out, about the meeting."

"Outstanding, Mike. I'm depending on you, thanks."

Ruben looked around the cafeteria, and asked Eddie, Ivan and Marty to join him for a few minutes.

"OK, men, here's the deal," Ruben stated. "Over the next couple of weeks, Ivan and the Carpentry Group will be renovating Dorm 2. Marty and the Masonry Group will be constructing showers and changing rooms outside the pool and gym area, and that will involve the Plumbing Group as well."

"What's the time frame for all this?" Marty inquired.

"Well," Ruben stated, "The first group of Juvi's are scheduled to arrive 4 weeks from this coming Monday. If not complete, it will be, hopefully within a few days after. The Dorm 2 renovations shouldn't take more than 2 or 3 weeks, and by the time the first group of Juvi's get here, the remainder of you guys will all be in Dorm 1."

"When are the materials for Dorm 2 being delivered?" Ivan asked. "And where will the Dorm 2 supplies be stored?"

"All of the supplies, for both projects, are to be delivered Monday morning, bright and early. We will order the readymix concrete as soon as the forms are completed. Dorm 2 materials will be stacked where the pool table now sits. Where the pool table goes, will be determined tonight."

"Ivan, you might want to give Mitch a heads up. All you guys need to gather up your tools today from the work site, as, at least for the next 4 weeks, you'll be working here on campus. See you tonight at 7:00." Ruben got up and walked out.

"Wow," Ivan stated, "changes are a-coming! I've only got 3 weeks left here, so I probably won't get to see the completion of them."

About 8:00 AM, 16 Trainers and Trainees board the bus, heading out to the training site, a few of them for the last time. Before the bus left, Ivan stood.

"Listen up everybody!" Ivan stated. "I have a couple announcements to make. We had a chat with Mr. Styles this morning. As you all know, the school is going to go through a transition in the near future. He laid out some of the plans, all groups will be involved, starting Monday, with some construction projects."

"For at least the next 4 weeks, we will all be working on campus, so everyone needs to gather their tools up today and bring them back with us." Then, tearing up a little, "For 2 or 3 of us, this will be our last time to make this trip to the training site. This has been a great opportunity for us, and it is with sorrow that future inmates won't have this opportunity. We need to be thankful, that we had it."

"Lastly, Mr. Styles is having another of his famous Friday night 'mandatory' meetings tonight at 7:00 PM, following dinner." 

"Babe," Nate spoke softly, gripping Adam's hand, "Not only did this school give us an educational opportunity, it allowed us to meet and fall in love."

"I know, Baby." Adam replied, smiling and looking at his lover.

Most of the guys treated the morning like any other morning, up until lunchtime. They returned to campus for lunch, then all the guys, except for the Carpentry Group returned to the training site to spend the afternoon gathering up their tools. CG had already brought their tools to campus before they started the Dorm One renovation. They still had some finishing touches to complete on Dorm One that afternoon.

The culinary crew planned to have dinner ready to serve at 6:00 that evening, as they knew most of the guys would want to eat a little later, because of the 7:00 PM meeting. The buildings and grounds guys didn't know about the meeting until they came in to eat, but Mike informed them. He and Troy, having been relieved about 2:00 PM actually sat and ate dinner early with the other three cooks as a group.

Ruben and Sean walked in about 6:30 and fixed themselves trays, and sat at an unoccupied table. They ate their dinners quietly, with little conversation. At about 6:55, Styles turned his dirty dishes in, and pulled the podium out from the wall, preparing for the meeting. Sean is counting heads.

"Gentlemen," Ruben stated, "and I use the term loosely. They say 2 heads are better than one, but I'm going to pick on 26 heads tonight. I have a dilemma, and I'm asking for your help, or at least, suggestions. Can I see a show of hands, how many of you use the pool tables here?"

After counting, "18 of 26, that's a big majority. Here lies my problem. The pool table in Dorm 2 needs to be stored, or relocated. The renovations in Dorm 2 are starting next week, and it's been suggested by powers above me that the pool table be sent to storage, unless we can find a way to relocate it. Does anyone have any suggestions? I see a hand. Marty?"

"Just a thought, Mr. Styles. These tables are pretty large, and right now we are seating 7 men to each of the 6 tables for a total seating capacity of 42. If we were to seat 8 men to each table, and move them just a tad closer together, we could eliminate one table, that one at the end of the room. A perfect spot to place a pool table."

"The problem I see," Styles responded, "is that the cafeteria is locked after the evening meal is served, until the morning crew comes in to prepare breakfast. Shorty?"

"This is true, Mr. Styles," LaVerne spoke, "we also lock the doors leading to the kitchen and the serving line. The only thing out here is the coffee urn, and, of course, the tables and chairs. I know we have always locked the dining room, but I would question if it is actually necessary." 

"I think," Styles countered, "it's locked for security, to perhaps prevent vandalism. Kurt?"

"Man," Kurt responded, "we got it made here, compared to the pen. I really don't think anybody would be that crazy. Vandalizing would be a sure ticket back to the pen! And we know you've got cameras around some of these areas."

"Guys, I appreciate your thoughts, and suggestions. You've presented a right solid argument, and the points are valid. Welcome to pool hall #2. We are going to need about 6 rugged guys to carry that pool table here from Dorm Two. Let Sean know who you are, and what time tomorrow you want to move it. I guess that extra table can go out on the porch for now."

"Next item, awards. Darin passed his Carpentry Certification last week, and Juan, Jake and Rick are now all Certified Electricians. Will you four men please come up here and accept these certifications? Also, in a couple of weeks, Darin and Rick will become trainers, as Ivan and Mitch will be leaving us."

"Speaking of leaving, our compadre Jose' says he's tired of cutting grass and he is going home tomorrow. Let's give our final adios to Jose'. Do we have a cake?"

Stephen carried the sheet cake from the kitchen, followed by Vern and Jeremy, with ice cream, plastic plates and forks. The cake decoration read 'Que le vaya bien Jose' (Good Luck Jose').

Jose' responded, tears in his eyes, "Gracias mi Amigos (Thank you my friends)" and proceeded to hug everyone in the room, including Ruben.

Darin, looking at Bryan, "Bri, wanna volunteer with me?" Bryan nodded.

The six guys that volunteered to move the pool table were Kurt, David, Cory, John, Bryan and Darin. They all agreed to do the chore right after the Brunch was finished tomorrow, Saturday. Sean made notes of that.

Vern and Jeremy will have a short night tonight, as they are flipping, and will be opening for brunch Saturday morning, Mike and Troy will be closing, and Stephen will be doing the split, working the line for both brunch and supper. Mike and Troy had opened this morning, and just came back for dinner and the meeting tonight. They are off duty from now until 3:00 PM Saturday.

Mike, on the way back to the Dorm, "Troy, let's go swimming."

"Since I've been here I haven't been able to check out the pool, I don't have any swimming suit."

"Most of the guys just skinny dip," Mike responded, "let's grab some towels. We won't be able to skinny dip after the juvi's arrive."

Evidently, several of the men had the same idea. Troy and Mike were the first to strip and plunge into the water, but shortly after Bryan and Darin, William, David, Kurt, Cory, and three or four others joined. 

"Mike, I'm not so sure this was a good idea," Troy commented. I hope I can keep it down. I'm afraid seeing all these cocks might make me aroused."

Mike, chuckling, "You probably wouldn't be the only one, Troy. You'll be fine."

Bryan came up behind Darin, reached his arms around Darin and grabbed his cock. It only took seconds for Darin to start getting hard.

"Bryan!" Darin exclaimed quietly, "you're giving me a boner."

Bryan, pushing his own erection into Darin's crack, "I didn't want to be the only one with a boner! I think we should have had sex before we came skinny-dipping. Darin, I want you."

Darin and Bryan climbed out of the pool and started drying off, attempting to keep their backs toward the pool. Troy also climbed out, and purposely walked around in front of Darin and Bryan. Troy"s cock was, surprisingly, still flaccid.

Troy, pointing to Bryan's and Darin's boners, "I was afraid that would happen to me." Then, smiling, "You guys both got nice packages."

"Thanks, I guess," Darin replied, "You display a pretty nice one too."

Bryan and Darin got dressed and headed to Dorm 2 and to Bryan's bed. They undressed each other. Bryan bent over and gave Darin's cock a kiss, then licked the head with his tongue, causing it to start erecting again. Darin lay down, pulling Bryan down on top of him, their cocks pressing against each other.

Their lips met and they shared the most passionate kiss yet. Their tongues were inside each other's mouths, exploring, and their now completely hard cocks rubbed against the others. 

"Darin," Bryan said softly, "I need to feel you inside me, I want to ride your pony! Do you have more lube?"

"I have a problem with your request, Bryan. If you ride it, you're going to shoot all over, and I want your load in my mouth, all of it. I want to taste it, and swallow it, direct from the faucet. "

"I think I can control it, Darin. If I make you cum first, then you can finish me off with your mouth. Will that work for you?"

"That'll be fine Bri, I'll get the lube, and a condom."

Bryan took the condom and skillfully unrolled it onto Darin's rock hard dick, then gave it a good coating of lube, then carefully lubed his entry hole. He then started to descend his hole around Darin's cock just a little too fast, causing him to yelp a bit.

"You OK Bri?" 

"Yeah, Darin, I just need to go a little slower and get used to it. I'm kinda used to hitting my prostate, I need to adjust the angle or I'm gonna cum way too soon. You feel so damn good in me!"

The stimulation of Bryan's action on Darin's cock was almost too much for Darin, and he started to rock his pelvis, adding to the enjoyment.

"Slow up, Darin!" Bryan commanded, "You're gonna push me over the edge. Just let me ride it easy, OK?"

"Fuck, Bri, I'm about to lose it, Briiiiiiiiiiiii!"

Bryan felt the warmth and excitement of Darin's seed, filling the condom, and his own orgasm building rapidly.

"If you want it where you said, you better have a mouth ready! I'm really close!"

Bryan lifted his ass off from Darin's cock, and shuffled his knees up towards Darin's shoulders. Darin bent his head forward, taking Bryan's manhood into his mouth, and started to suck it, running his tongue around the head of Bryan's cock. Bryan was gasping, his orgasm coming on fast.

"Dar—oh fuck, it's—it's oh my god, I'm—cumming nooooow!"

Darin sucked the hell out of that cock, savoring every rope, every spurt that exited the tip of Bryan's dick, and then swallowing all of it, and milked the last few dribbles out. Bryan was winded and Darin was pleased. 

Darin carefully removed the filled condom from his dick, laying it on a pair of boxers on the floor. Bryan took Darin's dick in his mouth, cleaning off any cum that might have still been on it, and sucking out any remaining cum from the inside. The two men then kissed, tasting the aftertaste of any cum in each other's mouths.

"Bryan," Darin spoke seriously, "I'm wondering if some of what we've been doing is healthy for us."

"We've both been tested," Brian returned, "It should be safe."

"I mean, I think, emotionally healthy. I know we're friends, and I guess, we've become sex buddies also. I can't help but feel we have become closer than just friends." Darin continued, "It's a little scary, but I have gradually developed some very strong feelings towards you. Feelings I've never had for anyone before."

"You're not toying with that L word are you?"

"Bryan, please level with me. Am I just somebody to get off with? There are lots of guys around here just looking for a little sex. Maybe we should just cool it."

"Damn it Darin! I can't just throw you out, like yesterday's bath water. As much as I hate to admit it, I do care for you, a lot. I'm just so scared of being hurt that I'm afraid to try to love."

"God Bryan," Darin commented, "You're the last person in the world I would ever want to hurt. I have the same fear, and just as much to lose as you do, maybe even more. I didn't realize, until we got close, just how much a man like me could care for another man. I care for you much more than I have ever cared for anyone before."

"Bryan, you've known for a long time that you were gay, and I'm sure that feelings for some other guys come naturally to you. Thinking back, there were a couple of guys that I felt very attracted to. I pushed those feelings to the side and ignored them, because I thought they weren't normal. I was afraid, not of the guys, but of the feelings I had, that I didn't understand."

"Darin," Bryan queried, "do you have anyone back home waiting for you?"

"Just some family that wants to see me back home. Why?"

"I think, if I've got it figured out right, you will be getting out from here about three weeks ahead of me. We only live a few miles apart. Would you like to hook up after I get out?"

"Actually," Darin replied, "I've been thinking about that. I feel like I don't want to leave you behind. I don't know anyone, back home, that are like—us. I very much like being with you, so I guess the answer is yes!"

"Cool, after I get out, maybe we could go to the city some night. There's a gay place called 'Bottom's Up Hotel and Lounge' that has a package deal. The price may have changed, but it used to be $135 for dinner, entertainment and hotel room for two. Drinks are extra. I'm told the rooms all have Jacuzzis. I'd love to take you there."

"What kind of entertainment?"

"They have two areas. One has a dance floor and the other has a stage where there are either gogo boys or drag shows."

"Sounds like fun. I can't wait," Darin exclaimed, "Do guys dance with each other?"

"Yep, and ladies too. I want to slow dance with you Darin! If we have a room, and are too drunk to drive, we can sleep it off. Speaking of sleep, are you sleeping with me tonight?"

"I would love to," Darin responded, "If you will let me."

"You should know, Darin, there is no way I will kick you out of my bed," and Bryan then planted his lips on Darin's. 

The two men kissed and hugged very passionately for several minutes. Finally, Bryan slipped down next to Darin, lying side by side. Darin started to caress Bryan's torso, from his neck all the way to his pubes. Bryan felt like a dog, getting his body caressed, soaking it up like a sponge.

Darin spoke softly, "Bryan, there is something I need to tell you. You may not want to hear this. Every day, and every hour, I keep falling more in love with you. I think I want to spend my life with you. Please don't reject me."

"Are you sure, Darin? That L word can be dangerous. What would your family say, if they knew you were wanting to be with another man?"

"It's my life, Bryan. I would hope that they would be happy that I am happy. I need you more than I need them. Would you consider sharing my life?"

"I don't know, Darin. I've been trying to control my emotions, but when we're together, they fly away. I like you, I like you a lot. I guess I love you too, but I'm not sure I'm 'in love' with you. Maybe we could make it, but I need a little time. I'm still a little scared of love."

"Sure Bri, I know cracked hearts need some time to mend. They say if something is worth having, it's worth waiting for, and I will wait for you!"

Bryan wrapped his arms around Darin, spooning him, as they snuggled together for sleeping. Bryan is feeling a little too comfortable lying so close to Darin, but at the same time it feels so good. This is just what Bryan needs, a little more confusion for his emotions.

Darin, pulling Bryan's hand up to his face and kissing the back of Bryan's hand, "Goodnight my love, pleasant dreams."

'Crap,' Bryan thought. 'Those words just stole another little piece of my heart.'

* * * * * * * * * * * * *

It's Friday evening about 6:45 PM back in Mike's hometown. Luke has offered to do the dishes for Mom, giving her a break. He was nearly done when his phone rang.

"Hi Jerry," Luke answered, what's up?"

"You got plans for tonight?"

"Not really," Luke answered.

"Why don't you change into something appropriate, and Barb and I will stop by and pick you up. We're going to the Below 21 Club. There's a good band playing there tonight."

"I gotta work tomorrow, and I don't want to crash your date."

"Hey man, you're not messing up my date, and they close up at 10:00 PM anyway. You gotta start getting out! We'll pick you up in about 20 minutes. Bye."

Luke finished draining the water and rinsed out the sinks. Hurried to the bedroom, freshened up a bit in the bathroom, put on a good set of Levi's and a fresh T-shirt, and was almost ready when Jerry got there. Jerry let himself and Barb into the kitchen, and were waiting there when Luke returned.

"Luke," Jerry stated, "This is my girlfriend, Barb, and Barb, this is Mike's boyfriend, Luke Johnson." 

Luke, blushing, "Pleased to meet you, Barb."

Luke stepped to the living room and told Mom and Dad he was going out with Jerry and Barb, then returned to the kitchen and the three of them took off in Jerry's car.

"So, what is this Below 21 Club?" Luke asked.

"It's kind of like a regular bar type club that is for the under 21 age kids. They don't serve alcohol, and the majority of the crowd is between 18 and 21, with a few more in their mid 20's. The $2.00 cover is mainly to pay the band." 

Once in the club, they secured a table. Jerry asked what they all wanted to drink, Luke said Pepsi was good for him and Jerry went to get the drinks for all of them. They sat through the first song.

"Excuse us, Luke," Jerry said, "Barb and I are gonna hit the dance floor."

About 30 seconds later, an attractive young lady approached Luke.

"Hi stranger," she said warmly, "I'm Shirley, and you are?"

"Luke, Luke Johnson," Luke replied.

"C'mon Luke," Shirley commanded, grabbing Luke's hand, "Let's dance!"

"I'm not much of a dancer," Luke stated.

"C'mon, sugar, all ya gotta do is groove to the beat," and she dragged Luke to the dance floor.

After a couple of numbers, Shirley and Luke returned to the table and joined Jerry and Barb.

Jerry spoke, "Shirley, I see you've met Luke. You know Mike Hamlin, Luke, here, is Mike's boyfriend." Luke's face immediately turned red.
