 Two months later I walked out the prison a free man. I enjoyed the bus ride to my hometown. My mother was surprise when she saw me standing on her porch.

We sat and talked before the front door slammed open. My sister ran over almost knocking me down. 

"You're ass better be home for good!" She yelled as she ran up the steps. 

"Oh, my God!" The voice was my ex-girlfriend Gloria. "Why didn't you call me when you were on you way home?"

She threw her arms around me but I just looked at her. 

"I didn't think Brad would be okay with you coming to see me." I laughed. 

She looked at me crazy "Didn't think I knew." 

I went to the basement and looked around. My own apartment set up, the only think my mother ever did was clean she never went looking for anything. So looking around I knew my dizzy ex had been looking for something. I ran up the steps before she and my sister left.

"When you searched my room," I said looking at her "Did you find what you were looking for?"

"What are you talking about?" She laughed

"Yeah, Gloria what is my brother talking about?" My sister asked "Please tell me you didn't take anything out of his room."

"No she didn't!" I laughed. "She couldn't find anything because nothing was down there."

I sat down as she stormed out of the house.

"KT!" My mother called "Someone name Hayden came by and left a number for you."

I took the number and looked at it, deciding that it wouldn't be good for me to call him. 

A decision I quickly realized was a bad one. I began to mope around the house, feeling sad and lonely. Missing Hayden and what we had. 

One day I was watching TV when my mother called me upstairs. I walked into the living room as she was talking to someone. It surprised me when I walked around the corner to Hayden was talking to my mother.

"Hello KT" Hayden said as I walked into the room. I took a deep breath not really knowing what to say.

"Son, sit down." My mother said.

I looked at them and rubbed my forehead. 

"Momma, I HUHHH" I scratched my head and sat in the chair. 

"Why haven't you called Hayden?" She smiled as she held Hayden's hand. 

"Momma I need to explain something's to you." I mumbled. 

"Explain what baby?" My mother said "Hayden was just telling me how you protected him when he was locked up."

"I was telling your mother I just wanted to thank you in person for being my friend." Hayden smiled.

"Hayden would you like to stay for dinner?" My mother asked getting up.

"NO!" I yelled, "I mean Hayden has other things to do then have dinner with us."

"Kevin Aaron Terrell!" My mother called, "Why are you being so rude?" 

The frown on her face gave me a cold chill. I remember that look when I got in trouble as a kid. I sunk back in the chair wishing I could disappear. 

"KT's right I have some where to be." Hayden said standing up. "Walk me to my car."

I jumped up and followed behind him. I closed the door behind us so my mother wouldn't hear what I was saying. 

"Hayden! Hold up." I said grabbing his arm.

He looked at me with a frown on his face.

"What the hell are you doing?" I asked.

"I wanted to see you." He started to cry.

"Please don't cry." I moaned, "I hate when you cry."

He knew my soft spot and his tears were one of them.

"I'm sorry KT," Hayden cried. "I can't help how I feel."

My mother opened the door, "Is everything alright?" She asked.

Hayden's eyes got big when he looked up and she stepped out on the porch, he ran jumped in his car and sped off.

I dropped my head and turn to go back in the house.

"Son is everything alright?" She asked again.

"Fine mom!" I moaned as I walked by her, "I'm not hungry."

I walked to the basement door before she could get to it. I went down the steps locking the door behind me.

I didn't get much sleep that night and waited to hear my mother leave before I went upstairs. 

I had been avoiding her for about two weeks when I realized that she was leaving before nine in the morning everyday and was in bed by ten at night. 

One night I didn't miss her, she was sitting on the couch waiting for me.

"Are we going to talk about your friend Hayden?" She asked as I walked into the house.

"No!" I replied grabbing something to eat.

"Hayden coming to visit has upset you and I want to know why?" She said.

"Momma, leave it alone!" I yelled.

"First of all who the hell do you think you are talking to? She yelled. "I'm not one of them silly ass little girls you mess with."

"I'm going to bed!" I yelled retreating to the basement locking the door behind me.

I didn't sleep and wasn't surprised when my alarm started screaming the beeping noise at six in the morning. I jumped in the shower and quietly went out the front door before my mother woke up. 

I couldn't believe we were fighting about Hayden. This Hayden situation was tearing me up. I have never yelled at my mother. 

**

"Kevin Terrell!" The receptionist yelled. "Ms. Jenkins is no longer employed here. So your new Parole Officer is Ms. Lee."

"Is she going to see me today?" I asked.

"Go to the door." She smirked.

"I hate these people." I thought as the door opened.

We walked down a long hallway before turning into her office.

She looked at my paper work.

"You have to obtain a job." She said never looking up at me. She pulled out a letter. "Go to this address."

She picked up the phone and made a call about the job on the letter. After hanging up the phone she stood up. I followed her down the hall to the door.

"Do I have to ask for anyone?" I asked as she held the door open.

"They are expecting you." She said, "If you mess this up I will send your ass back to prison."

Then the door slammed.

I took a long sigh before turning to leave. 

**

I walked into the building with the address that was on the paper. I entered the elevator and got off on the top floor. A woman answered the door.

"We were expecting you." She said. 

I followed behind her as she walked into a larger room, where another person was sitting behind a desk. 

"Have a sit." 

I did as she said and watched as she disappeared. 

"Kevin!" The soft voice called. 

"Do I know you?" I asked.

"Yes!" The person cleared their throat, then moved closer. I stared at her legs as she stood in front of me. 

"Sexy" I thought as I felt my cock twitch. 

"This is the only way I can be with you." 

I looked up to Hayden, dressed as a woman. My mouth dropped as he stepped closer to me. I took a deep breath he was sexy as a woman.

Then I came to my senses "Why are you doing this Hayden?" I said, "Why can't you leave things alone?"

"I LOVE YOU!" He yelled, "I'M WILLING TO GO THROUGH THE SURGERY AND HORMONES. JUST SO I CAN BE WITH YOU."

"HAYDEN!" I yelled "STOP IT! IT'S OVER" I paused "WE ARE OVER!"

"NO! NO! BABY PLEASE, LISTEN!" Hayden started to cry, "I can be a woman, your woman. I can get a sex change so we can be together."

I dropped my head, rubbing my fingers against my forehead. Hayden was willing to sacrifices for me. Change for me and I wasn't even man enough to admit my true feelings.

"I can't let you do that!" I mumbled pulling him down on my lap.

"Everything's already set up." Hayden said, "I will pay you to take care of me. So that we can spend time together."

"I'm not worth all of this." I mumbled, still trying to grasp what he was about to do.

"My surgery is in a month." He said, "I'm doing the hormones first. I get my first injection in a week."

I felt numb and could only shake my head "NO!" I mumbled, "You can't"

"Claire!" Hayden yelled standing up.

The woman that answered the door, enter the room with a backpack. Hayden walked out before I could say another word to him.

"His mind is made up." Claire said.

"Can't you talk him out of it?" I asked.

"He loves you." She whispered, "Only you can stop him."

"I don't want him to go through with the surgery." I whispered to Claire, "I am not worth all of this."

We walked to the door.

"There is a cell phone in there." She was pointing at the backpack, "Talk to him. Only you can change his mind."

**

For two day I walked around in a fog. I didn't eat and don't remember doing much sleeping either.

"Kevin." My mother called as she walked in the house. She turned to see me sitting in the living room. "Baby what's wrong?"

She grabbed my hand and rubbed it gently. 

I could feel the tears rolling down my face. I closed my eyes, 

"Hayden!" I whispered.

"You love him?" She asked. I just stared at the floor not saying anything. "It's okay if you do."

I looked at her with a frown. "God I underestimated you," I mumbled.

"You are my child and all that hurt you're carrying inside of you." She took a deep breath, "Well! It's not worth your pain."

"Hayden's willing to change his whole life for me." I cried, "And 

I wasn't even man enough to tell you how I felt about him."

"So you do love him?" 

"Is it a bad thing."? I mumbled, "If I do."

"NO! I like Hayden." She smiled, "He sees something in you baby that you don't see in yourself."

"I still don't understand that," I chuckled. 

"Baby! To your friends you are KT! Bad ass, drug dealer, gangster." She smiled, "But to Hayden you are his protector, his knight in shining armor and he feel safe with you. LOVED!"

"But I'm a coward." I said, "I couldn't admit my feeling for him to you. I couldn't even admit them to him." I closed my eyes to keep tears that were forming from falling.

"You can't choose who you love." She said, "All that is important is that you love."

I started to laugh, "What's so funny?" She asked.

"Another inmate told me the same thing." I laughed, "He's the reason I was protecting Hayden."

"I'm going to cook." She said getting up walking toward the kitchen, "Kevin! Don't let Hayden do something that you don't want him to do. Especially if you can stop him."

I thought about what she said before running to the basement and grabbed the phone. His phone rang one time and he answered. 

"Hello baby!" He said in the sweetest voice. 

"Hayden I need you to come to my house right now." I said.

"Baby is there something wrong?" He asked.

"Nothings wrong I need to see you now." I replied.

"Ok!" He said sounding worried, "I'm no my way."

**

It was twenty minutes since we had talked. I paced back and forth. "Kevin you are driving me crazy." My mother laughed, "Sit down before you wear a hole in my carpet."

"I've never been this nervous in my life." I frowned. 

"Kevin!" 

The knock on the door stopped her from yelling at me. "Sit down I will get it." She laughed, "You're so nervous, you'll probably scare him."

"Hello Ms. Terrell," Hayden said.

It got quiet but I could hear whispering.

"Hayden have a seat so we can have dinner." My mother said walking with him to the dining room.

I frowned as Hayden sat down and she went into the kitchen.

"I thought you wanted to talk to me?" Hayden asked.

"I do! But maybe we should eat first." I moaned.

My mother walked back in with the rest of the food. We held hands as she said grace, "Thank you lord for the food. Grant my son peace in his life and thank you for Hayden. The much loved and new member of our family." Hayden looked up at me, as I shook my head. 

We both said "Amen."

"Hey momma." My sister said sitting down.

"Hello everyone." Gloria said sitting next to me.

"That's my sister Tammy and her friend Gloria." I said. "This is Hayden."

"You introduce me as Tammy's friend?" Gloria asked, "I was your woman for four years."

"You're old news." My mother said, "Eat or get out of my house."

"Sorry Momma Terrell," She said.

Hayden giggled. "Cut that out." I whispered to him.

"So have you known my brother long?" Tammy asked.

"We met in prison." I replied grabbing Hayden's hand.

Tammy smiled but Gloria had a serious frown on her face "So you are a fag now?" Gloria yelled. Hayden snatched his hand from mine.

"Call me what you want," I laughed grabbing Hayden's hand.

"You need to leave!" My mother said before she could say another word.

"NO! Momma she doesn't have to leave." I said, "I don't care what she says or thinks."

"One more word and I will kick your...." Tammy looked up at our mother, "Sorry momma."

"I can't believe you are okay with your son sleeping with men." Gloria laughed.

"Time for you to go!" My mother stood up. 

Hayden dropped his head, I knew he was going to cry if he already wasn't. 

"It will get worse than this." I whispered, "But I promise I will protect you." I pulled him close and kissed him on his forehead.

Gloria stood up and stormed out the house.

"Don't worry about her." Tammy smiled, "We all don't feel that way."

After we ate Hayden helped my mother with the dishes. 

"Well I'm going to my room." She said, "Kevin pull Hayden's car up by the garage."

"Okay." I replied reaching for Hayden keys.

"What's going on KT?" He asked.

My mother came down the hall as I turned to go out front.

I was walking back in the door. "You two have a lot to talk about." She said before kissing him on his forehead, "Good Night."

She hugged him real tight before walking toward me. "Good Son." She said.

"Good Night, Momma." I whispered kissing her cheek. 

Then we heard what sounded like sniffling, we both looked over at Hayden. He had tears rolling down his face.

"I'm sorry." He mumbled. "My mother never hugged me like that."

She walked back over and hugged him as he cried. It broke my heart to see him in that state. At the same time I wonder what kind of woman didn't hug their child. 

"You two have a lot to talk about," My mother said letting him go.

I walked over and hugged Hayden to me. "It will be alright." I whispered, "I don't mind sharing my mother."

He looked up at me, "She has a lot of love to go around." I chuckled. 

"What do we have to talk about?" He asked.

"Let's go downstairs." I said showing him the way to my room.

I locked the door as we walked down the steps.

"It's nice down here," He whispered.

I pulled him to me and we kissed. He let out a soft whimper when I pulled away.

"Have a seat," I said pointing at the couch. I went to my room grabbed him some towels and one of my old jersey's to sleep in.

"Do you need to shower?" I asked walking out the room.

"I took one before I left home." He said, "KT what is going on?"

I took off my shirt before sitting down. I was doing everything I could to avoid our conversation. I knew what I wanted to say but it always came out wrong. I've made him cry more times than I should have. I didn't want to do it again.

"Did you enjoy yourself?" I asked.

"Yes!" He replied, "What's wrong?"

"I don't want you to have the surgery!" I blurted out.

"OH!" He moaned, "It's the only way we can be together."

"NO!" I said taking his hand, "I want you the way you are."

He just starred at me. "I.....I....AH!" I stood up. I had to think about my next words. 

"KT, you're not confortable with me being a man." He mumbled.

"I'm not worth you changing for," I said.

I knew I was going to say the wrong thing. The waterworks was on. He was crying and it was because of me again.

I sat down next to him. "You called me over here for rejections," He whispered. 

"NO baby," I said sitting down. "I love you, I don't want to hurt you."

"Did you say you loved me?" He mumbled looking up at me.

"YES!" I smiled, "I LOVE YOU!"

I leaned in and kissed him, "I love you." I whispered between kisses. 

He pushed his body toward mine. He pulled away when he felt my cock tapping on his arm. He looked at me and smiled.

"Mine!" He whispered reaching for me belt.

"Not here." I moaned as I grabbed his hand. "Put my shirt on and come into the bedroom. 

I walked away as he undressed. He looked sexy as hell. I took in a breath as I looked at him standing by the bed with his long black hair pulled behind his ears smiling. 

"A king size bed for a King," He smiled.

I walked to the side of the bed he was on and pulled him to me. 

As I kissed him he unzipped my pants and pushed me back on the bed. Before I could say anything his mouth was wrapped around my cock.

"OH SHIT!" I moaned, "BABY I MISSED YOU SO MUCH!"

He stopped and eased up my body. "You really missed me?" I could hear the tremble in his voice.

I pulled him close to me. "YES!" I whispered in his ear before kissing a trail down to his neck. I sucked softly as he let out a soft moan. 

"Fuck me!" He whispered.

"NO!" I moaned, "It won't be any of that going on."

He pulled back and looked at me. "You don't want to fuck me?" He whispered.

"NO!" I pulled him close and started kissing him deep. I put him on his back and maneuvered on top on him. Wrapping my hand around his cock, I pulled from the kiss. 

"KT!" He whispered.

I went down kissed his stomach before I wrapped my lips around his cock. As I sucked him I reach under the pillow for the KY.

"KT PLEASE BABY!" He moaned, "PLEASE....INSIDE.....FUCK....OH!"

I pulled off and laughed. "I didn't understand what you just said." 

He started to laugh as he was breathing. "I WANT YOU TO FUCK ME!" He moaned, "That's what I said."

"There will be no fucking tonight," I whispered kissing his lips. 

I put KY on my finger and pushed it inside of him. 

"I'm going to make love to you," I whispered staring in his eyes. "I'm going to make you mine."

"Please!" He moaned as I pushed a second finger inside of him.

My cock was so hard it was throbbing. I had to take deep breaths as I got him ready. I wanted to slam my cock into him. Hear him yell my name and beg for me to make him cum over and over. Then those three words that connected us, "I LOVE YOU."

But there was no need for me to hurry. We had all night. My mother couldn't hear us and even if she did she loved Hayden just as much as I did.

"I'm ready." He whispered over and over.

"Hayden I don't want to hurt you." I mumbled between kisses.

"Kevin I need to cum." He moaned, "I feel like I'm going to lose my mind. Please make me cum."

I placed two pillows under his hips before putting the KY on my cock. I sat back on my legs before I moved forward with my cock in my hands. Leaning forward I pushed the head in and stopped.

"Don't stop!" He moaned, "Give me more!" 

"Baby we have all night." I groaned, "All night baby!"

It felt better than I remembered. I let out a loud groan when I hit bottom. I could feel his hole pulsating around my cock. I stared into his eyes before they closed. 

"Kevin!" He whispered.

I grabbed his legs and placed them back on my shoulders. I moved slowly in and out of him. He reached up and grabbed my nipples and twisted.

"SHIT! Baby you are so hot," I moaned. I let his legs drop down when I his muscles tighten around me.

"I'M CUMMING!" He moaned as he shook his head from left to right. "PLEASE BABY IT'S RIGHT!" 

I leaned forward to kiss him. I knew he wouldn't last much longer. Then I felt the first splash of his cum hit my stomach. My body went into overdrive as his hole tightened around my cock.

"FUCK HAYDEN! FUCK!" I mumbled over and over. I started moving faster as splash after splash of his cum hit me. Them my body stiffened as I began to cum inside of him. He wrapped his legs around my ass, digging his heals into my flesh. 

"Kevin that was amazing," Hayden said between breaths, as I rolled off of him. 

"Get on top!" I commanded.

He looked over at me. "KT!" He whispered. 

I turned toward him and saw the fear in his eyes. "I will never hurt you." I whispered as I grabbed his cock that was now fully hard. I started pulling. "Get on top." I whispered as I stared into his eyes. 

His mind was lost from my touch. I loved that 'fuck me' look he had. Eyes half closed, slight smile and soft whimpers coming from his throat. "Get on top baby." I whispered again.
