 Life can be sweet until you fuck up. Life was going great for Michael Brand. He was living the high life. He had beautiful girls following him around. Nice cars and a cool house. He wore fancy sneakers and all the cool hoodies any guy would want. He loved designer clothes and living the high life. Michael had the greatest parties. Everybody who was anybody went to them.

Michael was a drug dealer. He'd been selling drugs since he was eighteen. He made friends with somebody who was in the mob. They gave him clients and he did quite well for himself. He gave his cut to the mob and the rest was his. He had several runners that ran the drugs for him.

Life was great for many years. He had a few stints with the law and had to spend a few months in the can. He never had to do any serious time. Not until one of his new runners was part of a drug sting. He was the rat that gave him up. Police were sniffing around his business and he was caught. Caught with enough meth and other drugs that would land him in jail for the next ten years. Michael had fucked up and it was nobody's fault but his own.

The judge gave him no leniency, because he'd been in the can before for drugs. He made an example of him. Ten years with chance of good behavior. If all went well, Michael would be out in five years. The worst part was not being able to say goodbye to friends. Not being able to have sex with any women before being thrown back inside.

Whatever you hear about prison sex is all true. You can be a bad motherfucker and still get your ass drilled. When Michael did his first stint in jail, his prison cell mate Jacob was a horny son of a bitch. The deal was if Michael had sex with him, Jacob would offer him protection. Protection was gold in jail. Michael was happy that Jacob offered him protection. With the protection, he'd have to give Jacob blow jobs. Michael knew this was the only way. He swallowed his pride and gave Jacob what he wanted.

There were all different groups in jail and if you didn't have somebody watching you, you're everybody's bitch. Michael did what he had to do to survive. It was important that he stay in one piece. The first-time sucking cock was more like an adventure. He wasn't sure he liked it. By the second night, he enjoyed giving Jacob head. Jacob liked how horny Michael made him. Jacob liked looking down at him. Michael was pretty. He was a great cock-sucker and didn't want anybody to know how good he was. He'd keep it to himself and offer Michael protection. Michael knew he had to be the best, so he gave it his all and, in the end, he too liked it.

Every night and every morning he got on his knees and stroked Jacob's cock up and down and all around. When his cock was hard as a baton, he'd opened his mouth and accepted the big cock down his throat. Jacob would run his fingers through Michael's hair and pump his cock deep down his throat.

Michael made all the wet sucking noises and after about twenty minutes, Jacob would release his sticky white cum down Michael's throat. Michael would swallow it down. Jacob would call Michael his bitch but only really did that when other inmates were around. He had to make it seem liked he owned Michael. Jacob was caring with Michael. I think he really fell in love with him.

That all changed after about six months when Jacob stabbed another inmate and was sent to another jail. Michael then got another cellmate. His name was Big Bob. Big Bob was ripped and had a temper on him. Michael would show him what he could do with his mouth. Bob liked the blowjobs, but he wanted to have sex with Michael. He was a little rough with him. I think he got off on that kind of a thing. Michael knew that Bob wanted his ass. He accepted that he'd get fucked. He just didn't know when or where it would happen.

Michael had laundry duty and Bob and his crew entered the room. He told Michael he wanted his ass. Michael was okay with it. Bob's crew looked out for the guards. Michael took his jumpsuit off and assumed the position. Bob slid on a condom and squeezed some lube onto Michael's asshole. He slowly entered Michael's asshole. He was extremely tight, and it took many tries before slamming his dick up inside Michael's asshole.

Michael grunted and just enjoyed it. He stroked his own cock while Bob fucked his asshole. The crew just watched the door. They never joined the two men. Bob was an okay guy. He too offered Michael protection. Nobody bothered Michael for the rest of his time in the can. He had sex with Bob and everything was okay.

Prison is a nasty place to be. Men have sex with other men. Guards have sex with the prisoners. The only way to survive is to meet somebody who will offer protection. Life in jail is no happy fairytale. Nobody wants to talk about their stints in prison. Everybody turns gay in prison. If they say otherwise, they're lying.

Now Michael was going back. Back to the joint where he did time the last time. He was now prisoner 6578123. He hoped to be able to meet somebody who could offer him protection in exchange for sex. Michael wanted to just mind his business and do the time. He hopes to get in good with the guards and hopefully get out sooner for good behavior.

~~

On the way going to the jail, the prisoners were all locked up together like a chain. Michael wasn't scared because he knew how it would be. He just sat quietly thinking how he fucked up his life. He wished he had done good in school. His parents would have paid for college. He got used to making money. Drug dealers make lots of money. Even when he was a kid he sold pot to his friends.

If he was a better kid and went to college, he might not be going to jail right now. He wouldn't be worrying about things that would never occupy your mind. Michael was hoping he wouldn't be fucked with tonight.

Finally, they arrived at the jail. The guards unhooked the main lock and the prisoners all walked out still chained in a line. They walked into the jail where they were processed. They all got their mug shots and were fingerprinted. They were given badges to wear with their pictures and prison id.

They were brought to another room where they had to take off their clothes.

"Take your clothes off and bend over!"

The men and Michael did as they were asked. The guard went down the row making sure the prisoners didn't have any drugs. After that was done, each inmate was given a jumpsuit, shoes, underwear, sheets, blanket and a pillow. They brought each of them to their cells.

Michael wondered who he'd bunk with. When walking down the hall, the men were whistling and calling the new inmates derogatory names. The guard opened the cell and Michael walked in. There was a guy about his age. He checked Michael out. Michael walked into the cell and the guard closed the gate.

The man was already on the bottom bunk. The two men just checked the other out. The cell wasn't very big. There was just the two bunk beds and a urinal. This would be his home for the next ten years. So many things ran through Michael's mind. He knew he'd be having sex with Gerard. He was fine with it, if he'd offer protection.

"My name is Gerard. Aren't you a pretty thing. The men will love you. Fucking hell! I must have won the lottery. Who are you sweetie?"

"The name's Michael. Nice to meet you."

Michael extended his hand to Gerard. Gerard pulled him close and felt his buttocks.

"You're mine! You will do as I say when I say. Got it!"

"Yes sir! I'm happy to be your bitch. If you offer protection. I'll do whatever you want as long as you keep me safe."

"Yes. I'll protect you and you can keep me happy. I haven't fucked a pretty thing like you in ages. I like that you're so willing. That's hot. You ever been in jail before?"

"Yup. Been here a few times. I'll be happy to have sex with you. Just keep me safe!"

Gerard wanted Michael and he planned on having him now. Gerard took his clothes off and pointed down at his cock.

"Suck my dick! Show your master what a good boy you are!"

Michael did as he was told. He got down on his knees and opened his mouth. Gerard pushed his cock into his throat. His cock tasted like warm sweat. Michael took as much of Gerard's cock into his mouth. He made sucking noises which pleased Gerard. Gerard held the wall while playing in Michael's curls. Michael loved sucking cock. He'd show Gerard what a good cock-sucker he was. He'd take his time with Gerard. He'd drive him crazy with lust.

"You like cock, pretty boy? You're going to get fucked in that pretty ass of yours later. The thought of fucking you is making me want to come. Oh fuck. Keep sucking boy. Suck my dick you little man slut. You like my dick?"

Michael gave good head and Gerard let out a moan and filled his mouth with a pile of his cum. Michael swallowed it all. Gerard helped him up and pushed Michael to the wall and kissed him hard with his mouth. Gerard french-kissed Michael deep and rubbed his cock through the jumpsuit. Michael's outline of his cock was hard through the material.

"Strip! I'll return the favor, boy!"

Michael took off the jumpsuit and pulled his underwear down. He stood against the wall while Gerard pulled on his dick. He was hard, and his cock was erect. Gerard opened his mouth wide while kneeling. He worked his mouth down Michael's shaft. Michael's cock was thick and long. Gerard stuffed as much as he could down his throat.

Michael moved his hips. Gerard massaged his balls and squeezed them lightly. Michael blew a load down his cellmate's throat. Gerard stood up and wiped his mouth.

"Life just got a whole lot better. I got myself a boy toy!"

The man roared with laughter and fell on his bed. Michael got dressed and got into his bed. Lunch would be served soon. First blow job down. His mind was consumed with the ass fucking he'd receive. He knew tonight he'd be Gerard's. He just hoped Gerard would be his protection as well. Jail life is a hard life. Michael was fine with being somebody's. It was more important to have protection. There's guys who murder in this place and they want to get into fights. Most people mind their business, but others want to fuck with you.

The gate opened, and the prisoners walked down to the mess hall. Everything was buffet style and selected prisoners served the meal. Everybody got what looked like a chicken patty, corn, mashed potato, gravy, a roll and a carton of milk.

Gerard and his crew sat at a table. Michael sat with them.

"Isn't he pretty?"

"Gerard you're a lucky son of a gun!"

"Michael's my slave. I'll offer him protection. None of you bitches can talk to him. He's mine. Isn't that right slut?"

"Yes, sir."

Michael went along with anything he said. He would be in this hell hole for the next ten years. Having sex and giving head was just part of life behind bars. Michael hoped that Gerard would be sensitive and loving like Jacob his first lover was. He planned on doing everything Gerard asked. He'd have Gerard fall in love with him. It was important that the guy you had sex with loved you. It was important that the others knew you were owned.

After they ate, they went to the prison yard for thirty minutes. It was a nice day and Michael was glad to get some air. Gerard introduced Michael to the other guys. Everybody got the message that Michael was under his protection. Michael was nice to everybody but knew he'd be quiet and just workout.

Michael and Gerard lifted weights. They both liked to exercise. This would be the way Michael would connect with Gerard. He'd be the guys best friend in the yard and pleasure him in their cell. Gerard would be in love with Michael and would do his best to keep him safe.

It was time to go back inside. Everybody was brought back to their cells. Michael climbed up to his bed. Gerard took a dump on the toilet. He flushed the toilet and began masturbating. He looked at his new pretty boy lying there all still. Gerard got horny around Michael. He would have sex with him whenever he wanted. Michael would please him in every way. Survival was the most important thing in jail. For the next ten years, he'd love gay sex.

"My dick's hard again! Suck it pretty ass!"

Michael moved over to where Gerard was again. He knelt and opened his mouth wide. Gerard leaned up against the wall and played in Michael's hair. Michael had an amazing mouth and really seemed to like sucking cock. He deep throated the big cock and squeezed his balls lightly. Michael's cock was hard as well. He knew he'd get fucked now.

"Take off your clothes and bend over. Your ass is mine!"

Michael was glad that the prison gave condoms. Gerard rolled one onto his stiff dick. Michael undressed and had his hands up against the wall. Michael's legs were spread. Gerard knelt and licked his asshole. He tongue-fucked his tight hole. Michael moaned which excited Gerard.

"You like this pretty face? Now I'm going to take that nice ass of yours!"

Gerard pushed his cock into Michael's asshole. He was extremely tight which further excited Gerard. Michael grunted and moaned while his cock pushed through his tight space. Once he was inside, he thrusted in and out of his asshole.

"You're my slut! You like dick? God gave me a new boy to fuck!"

He said vile things to Michael. Michael was turned on and pulled on his own cock. He came while having his ass pounded by Gerard. It was over quickly. Gerard blew a load in his condom. He pulled out of Michael's ass and turned Michael to face him. He wrapped his mouth around Michael's cock and gave him head. Michael pumped his dick down his throat and came like a faucet down Gerard's mouth. Gerard swallowed it down and they french-kissed passionately.

"This is going to be fun. You're my toy now. I'll protect you!"

Michael and Gerard shook on that thought. Michael was happy to have a bedmate and hopefully a good friend. Life in the can is just about not getting killed. You must watch every corner because some bitch will want to get with you. Michael would do what he could to keep Gerard happy so that he'd be safe. Ten years is a long fucking time in the can.