 The concept of this 'Prison School' was the brainchild of Ruben Styles, the gay son of a State Representative, who pushed through a bill to build and operate the school. It was a multi-purpose plan, primarily sold as a means to train non-violent felons in saleable careers, those being building trades, Masonry, Electrical, Plumbing and Carpentry. Also, since the school would supply food for the student/inmates, an alternative of Culinary Arts was also made available. The hidden agenda was to create a nice state job for Ruben.

The reputation of the school's open acceptance of nudity, and the more desirable atmosphere of student dorms, rather than prison cells, had somehow made it's way back to the penitentiary. The practice of somewhat open homosexual activity was never encouraged, nor was it discouraged. When you get a bunch of mostly younger males together, well, Boys will be Boys! This reputation likely encouraged a large percentage of gay prisoners to apply for the training. Any type of 'forced' sex was forbidden, and could send an offending student back to the pen. 

All student/inmates were required to wear a special tracking bracelet, and their whereabouts were tracked. If any student were to leave the campus perimeter, the authorities would know immediately, and he would be returned to the penitentiary.

With the schools revolving door policy, with two or three new recruits arriving each week or two, and 2 or 3 finishing their time and training and returning to society each week or two, there could have been many sexcapades and relationships and this story could have gone on forever.

Unfortunately, the State has decided to no longer support the school. Most of the present students will be allowed to finish training. The school is destined to become a juvenile detention center. The first of the Juvi's are scheduled to arrive in about 3 more weeks. They will occupy Dorm Two and whatever transpires between any of them will not be discussed, as they are all in the 14 to 17 years old category.

There is some good coming out of this though. We've seen a strong and loving relationship develop between Luke and Mike, and another between Nate and Adam. It's now looking like another is bubbling between Darin and Bryan. This will give some fodder for at least two 'spin-off' stories down the line with 'After Prison School' in the title.

* * * * * * * * * * *

Chapter 29 - W9 - Monday Morning

All the trainers and trainees were seated in the cafeteria, mostly divided by groups and eating breakfast. Things have changed, as they will all be working on campus for the next few weeks.

"We're all shrinking," Ivan commented to Darin and Bryan, "I only have three more weeks here. Darin, congrats on passing your certification, I'm depending on you to help your coworker, Bryan, sharpen his skills to prepare for his proficiency test. In three weeks it'll be just you two in the Carpentry Group."

"As you know," Ivan continued, "we are starting the renovations on Dorm 2 today. I probably will not be here long enough to see the completion of that. Also, you two will be needed to do the roof and ceiling on the new showers and partitions in the changing room down by the pool and gym. It's interesting, there was never a need for those while we were all students here, but they are needed for the Juvi's." 

"I'll do my best," Darin responded, "to make sure my bab—Bryan is well prepared for the exam. I would like to thank you for your excellent training and coaching, and I will miss you."

Ivan, laughing, "Cute! As you know, I'm straight and happily married. I never could get into having sexual encounters with a guy, but if it's what cranks your engines—I wish nothing but the best for both of you. It's been just a little obvious that you two care a lot for each other. I'm open minded enough to realize that love doesn't have a gender."

"I'm glad some straight people realize that," Bryan replied, "Thanks Ivan."

Due to the fact that the Masonry and Plumbing groups will be working closely together, Eddie and Marty asked the guys to all sit at the same table. 

Marty spoke, "We're coming to a close of this ride we've been on for the last several months. I think we're all sorry the state has abandoned the school, but we had nothing to say about it. It was great, while it lasted. Speaking of school, Jack, you're scheduled to take your certification test later this week." Jack nodded in acknowledgement.

"You lovebirds" Eddie directed toward Nate and Adam, "will be happy to know that a backhoe is arriving today to dig the trench for the water supply and sewer lines for the showers, as well as the foundation for the building. You'll still have to use muscle power to fill them back in once the plumbing is in place and inspected."

The comment caused Nate and Adam to look at each other, and grin. It's not as if almost everyone on campus didn't know they were tight, anyway.

"Marty," Eddie asked, "Did you bring the masonry blueprints with you?" Marty nodded. "Good, when we are done eating and get these trays turned in we can show you all the blueprints, so you will know the plans, and what we have ahead of us."

Kurt spoke, grinning, "You mean we guys have got to work together with these sissies?"

"That's offensive!" David exclaimed.

"Chill, David," Kurt retorted, still grinning, "I was just seeing if I could get a rise from someone, but I didn't expect it would be you. These two," points at Nate and Adam, "may march to a different beat, but I've grown to love them and I care a lot for them. They're like brothers to me."

"Thanks, Bro," Nate commented, "That means a lot to us."

The group returned their trays, and came back to the table, where Eddie and Marty had spread out the blueprints for the rest of the guys to examine.

"Wow!" Kurt exclaimed, "Even a toilet and urinal. We always needed to go outside to pee, and back to the dorm to crap. And the changing rooms have doors."

"The powers that be," Marty explained, "are trying to make certain that these Juvi's never see any of us naked, and we never see any of them naked. That's the reason for the partition in Dorm 1, and why there will be no more skinny-dipping. Swimwear will be required for everyone, at least we will be permitted to use the changing rooms and toilet but these showers are only for the Juvi's."

"So," Nate commented, " Just because some of us are gay, they think we're all pedophiles. Personally, I want my sex with a man, not a boy!" Adam nodded in agreement, and so did David.

"Kurt, David," Marty explained, "I'm going to be pushing you two a lot. I have only another month here, and I want to try and make sure you are both ready to pass your proficiency exams before I leave. I will help you when needed, just let me know what you're doing before you do it, so I can be certain the procedure is correct."

"Nate, Adam," Eddie commented, "This is going to be more of a challenge than doing the plumbing in houses. With houses, you had a crawl space, or a basement, with wood floors. These floors are going to be concrete, so the plumbing has to be completed and tested, before the floors are poured. You're going to have to work very closely with the masons on this project."

"And once the masonry and plumbing are done," Marty added, "then the Carpenters and Electricians will come in and do their things. This is actually a rather large and complicated project, and it will likely take about 2 months to complete. The Carpenters and Electricians have a first priority in the Dorm 2 renovations. Those have to be done before the first group of Juvi's arrive, four weeks from today."

Mitch and Ivan and their respective trainees, once breakfast was over, headed down to Dorm Two to await the delivery of the materials for the renovations. 

Ivan, Darin and Bryan started to clear the space they needed. It basically put the rec room out of commission, as the furniture and other items from the side of the room where the pool table had been all had to be pushed into the "TV" side of the room.

Eddie and Marty and their crews headed to the area where the materials for the new building were to be delivered, and also the backhoe was to arrive and do it's digging.

* * * * * * * * * * *

Luke woke up a little after 7:00 this Monday morning, got dressed in his work clothes, and he and Buddy headed down to the kitchen welcomed by the smell of sausage and coffee. Mom was frying pancakes on an electric griddle. 

Luke, pouring himself a cup of coffee, "Good morning, Mom, gee it sure smells good in here this morning! Just the aroma would make one hungry."

"Morning Luke, I hope you like pancakes and sausage. Wanna let Buddy out?"

"Sure Mom," Luke replied, as he opened the door for Buddy, "I haven't had pancakes since I was at the school. We had them on the brunch buffet sometimes."

"Good morning, George," Mom greeted Dad, as he walked into the kitchen."

"Good morning, Luke," Dad greeted, patting Luke on the shoulder, then, hugging his wife, "Good morning, Sweetheart." The senior Hamlin's shared a passionate kiss.

Mom then set a plate of sausage links, and another plate piled high with pancakes on the table. Luke and Dad both placed three pancakes on their plates, buttered them and topped them with syrup, and then added a couple sausage links to their plates.

Luke, looking at the first fork full of pancakes, "Why are the insides of these pancakes so dark? Usually they're white or yellowish."

"These are buckwheat pancakes, Luke," Dad responded, "and they are Mike's favorite."

Luke, tasting them, "They're really good. I've never had them before."

Dad, nodding, "Even better with real butter and real Maple Syrup."

Buddy nudged Luke's thigh, and looked up with begging eyes. Luke responded by slipping Buddy a half a sausage link, and Mom caught the activity.

"Luke!" Mom stated, "We don't feed Buddy at the table."

"But," Luke replied, "He was giving me those eyes, and looked so pitiful."

"I know," Mom answered, "Buddy, go lie down!" Buddy slunk over toward the door, tail between his legs, and lay down, knowing he'd been busted.

"Luke," Dad asked, "Do you have any plans for this evening?"

"Not that I know of, Why?"

"I was hoping you might want to help me mow the grass and use the weed eater, after we get home from work. Grass is getting kind of high."

"Sure Dad. I'll be glad to, and I should be home about 5:15."

"We can do the yard work while Mom is getting dinner. We ought to knock it off in about an hour. Thanks, Luke."

"Not a problem, Dad, thanks for asking me. Sharing things like that make me feel even more like part of the family."

"You are part of the family, Luke," Dad replied, smiling.

Mom and Dad both left, and headed out to their respective jobs. Luke had about a half an hour before he needed to leave, so he cleared the table and quickly washed up the dishes. Then he made a couple of sandwiches, said goodbye to Buddy and headed to NAPA to start another week.

* * * * * * * * * * *

By noon, all the materials for both of the Dorm 2 renovations, as well as the new shower and changing building had been delivered and stacked. It was expected that the backhoe work will be complete by about 4:00 PM. With the exception of receiving the materials and putting them in order, none of the groups really planned on starting any of the constructive work until the next morning.

* * * * * * * * * * *

Week 9, Wednesday morning, Luke went to work as usual. When he parked out back, Ryan met him, along with what appeared to be a somewhat older man.

"Luke," Ryan said, "I would like you to meet my future husband, Blair. Blair, this is Luke, our new gay delivery guy that I told you about."

Luke extended his hand, and Blair accepted it, and then, giving Luke a warm hug, "Glad to meet you, sweetie. Ry and I would be honored to have you over for dinner one night this weekend."

"Sweetie?" Luke questioned.

"Oh," Ryan responded, "Blair calls all young gay guys 'sweetie,' so think nothing of it. Luke, would Saturday or Sunday evening be better for you?"

"I'm free either night," Luke answered, "so choose the night that works best for you."

"I like Saturday," Ryan commented, "Since none of us have to get up and go to work on Sunday, you could stay over and have breakfast with us on Sunday morning. We do have a rarely used guestroom. Please?"

"No hanky panky, right?" 

"No hanky panky!" Blair exclaimed, "Didn't Ry tell you that we have a monogamous relationship?"

"He did, but thanks for verifying it. I'll be looking forward to Saturday evening. What time should I arrive?"

"We'll plan dinner for around six to six-thirty, but come early so we can have more time to chat. Maybe around 2:00 PM. Luke, is there any food that you particularly don't like?"

"I guess I'm pretty easy. I like some things better than others, but I can't think of anything I actually dislike. I'll eat most anything."

"Cool," Blair replied, "I'd hate to cook something for a guest, and find out they disliked it. I hate to break up this conversation, but I need to get to work. It was nice to meet you, sweetie. See you Saturday."

Ryan, as he kissed and hugged his lover goodbye, "See you tonight, Hun." Blair headed to his car and took off.

"So Luke, what did you think of Blair?" Ryan asked.

"He seems really cool. I think he may be a little older than you. I can't get over how you two just seem so—normal, like hugging and kissing right here in the parking lot, where anyone can see you."

"Yes, Luke, Blair is older, I'm 34 and he is 47. I think we are normal. We love each other, the same as any couple might love each other. We've nothing to hide, and I see nothing wrong with a little PDA. Under some circumstances, we sometimes need to use a little discretion."

"I guess it's time for me to go clock in," Luke stated.

"Yeah, sweetie," Ryan replied, grinning mischievously, "and I can tell Blair is as excited to entertain you this weekend as I am!" Then, "I know Blair well, and he'll spend most all day Saturday in the kitchen, but he loves it. Secretly, I think he should have been a Chef, rather than a Stock Broker."

"Interesting," Luke commented, as the two walked toward the store, "My friend Mike is learning to be a Chef."

"Mike is your boyfriend, right? And is still in Prison School? And you're living with his parents."

"How did you know?" Luke asked, embarrassingly, looking down at the pavement.

"Our mutual friend, Jeff, clued me in. It's cool, Luke, and actually you're probably very fortunate. It could have been so much worse."

Luke clocked in, and Lee told him they already had two orders ready for delivery. Luke loaded the parts in the van, grabbed the keys and was soon on his way.

* * * * * * * * * * *

Week 9, Thursday morning:

Over the last two days, Darin and Bryan, with Ivan's guidance, have constructed the new partition in the Dorm 2 rec room, that will separate the TV room from the computer lab, and installed the doorway in the wall. Today, they will cut and screw up the wallboard on the TV room side of the wall, and seal the seams, preparing it for painting.

The electricians are also working on the computer room side of the wall, as well as running conduit around the room, to supply the electrical outlets for the 20 computers that will be arriving soon.

The masons have been busy, shoveling and building forms for the foundation of the new building. Nate and Adam have been assembling the pipes in a dry fit fashion, not using pipe cement yet. They've had their own share of dirt digging, sometimes to lower, and sometimes to raise the bottom of the trench to get the proper slope on the drain pipes.

"Babe," Nate stated, "Don't work too hard. I have plans to fit a certain pipe into a certain hole later this evening!"

Adam, grinning, "Baby, I'm beginning to think you're some kind of sex fiend."

"Maybe, but just for you, and only for you. Babe, you know you want it!"

"Baby," Adam begged, "Change the subject—you're making me hard!"

"You know Babe, all we have to do is kiss, and we both get hard." Adam nodded in acknowledgement.

5:00 PM finally arrived, and the trainees headed either to the dorms to shower, or, in Nate's and Adam's case, directly to the cafeteria after washing their hands. They filled their trays and settled at an empty table to eat.

They were about half done eating when Bryan and Darin invited themselves to sit at the same table, and, of course were welcomed.

"Hey guys," Bryan commented, "Darin and I would like to challenge you to a game or three of horseshoes after dinner."

Nate answered, grinning, "Thanks for the invite, Bryan, but Babe and me got some plans for this evening!" Nate winks at Adam, both Darin and Bryan grinned, knowingly.

Nate and Adam excused themselves, turned their dirty dishes and trays in and headed quickly to Dorm 1. Nate retrieved something from his locker, and the two headed back outside, holding hands, heading toward the woods.

"Darin," Bryan said, grinning, "Want to have some fun?"

"Sure, I'm always up for a little fun. What's on your mind?"

"Let's follow them, and surprise them! Hurry and finish eating."

Bryan and Darin gulped the rest of their meals, turned in their dishes and quickly left the cafeteria. They could see Nate and Adam heading toward the woods, and quietly followed them, trying to not be obvious or making unnecessary sounds.

Nate and Adam soon walked into one of their favorite clearings, and started to undress each other. Standing there, looking at each other's naked bodies, Nate drew Adam close, and they shared a long and passionate kiss, causing both of them to grow extreme erections.

"Babe," Nate said, "We haven't had any fun in the woods for at least a couple of weeks. I'm going to miss these woods after we leave this school."

"I'm wondering, if we will even be allowed to come out here after the Juvi's arrive," Adam responded, "We better enjoy them while we have them."

"No time like the present!" Nate stated, as he pushed Adam down toward the grass, lifting Adam's legs up and over his shoulders.

"Wait!" Adam exclaimed, "Need some lube!"

"Of course, sweetheart," Nate answered, reaching into his jeans pocket, and producing a tube of lube and a condom. "With or without the condom?"

"You can bareback me, Baby, as long as I'm greased. I know it'll mess up my boxers, but they need washing anyway. I really like the feeling of you in me better without a condom."

Nate, lubing up Adam's hole and his own cock, then stretching Adam's hole, "You ready, Babe? I'm coming in!"

"Ooohhh!" Adam exclaimed, as Nate started to push his cock into Adam's ass, "Easy Baby!"

"Sorry, Babe, I might have been a little too anxious. I'd never want to hurt you, and I'm sorry if I did."

"It's just—well it's been a couple weeks, and you were right a little while ago—yes I do want it! It feels a lot better now." Then Adam added, "I think it's so incredible, how much in love I am with you."

"Babe, I really doubt any more than I am in love with you. I can hardly wait until we get out of here, and can start living the rest of our lives together."

Nate started to slowly move his 'pipe' in and out of Adam's hole, gradually picking up speed, with his pubes slapping against Adam's balls. Adam's prick was at full mast and streaming a lot of pre.

Bryan and Darin had sneaked up behind Nate, and Nate's body blocked Adam's vision. Both guys had dropped their clothing somewhere behind them and they were naked, and slowly stroking each others cocks, while watching the hot and sexy activity about 10 feet in front of them.

"Baby, I'm about to shoot," Adam exclaimed.

"Right with you, Babe," Nate stated, "Here I come!" Nate pumped his load into Adam's rear as Adam shot his heavy load, some of it landed on Nate's chest, and most of it landed back onto Adam's chest and stomach, one rope actually landed on his own face.
