 Chapter 30 - W-9 Sunday night, in Dorm One

It's about 9:00 PM, Troy and Mike are about ready to go to bed, as they have to arise at 5:00 AM and open tomorrow.

"Mike," Troy asked softly, "Can you sleep with me?"

"I don't know if that is wise, Troy," Mike responded, "It could get us into a compromising position. Can you give me a few minutes to think it over?"

"Sure, Mike, you realize I'm asking you to sleep with me, not fuck me."

Both men sat on their own beds for a few minutes, the silence was echoing between them, neither one seeming to find the right words to say. What an awkward situation they were in.

Finally Mike spoke, "Troy, you said you were used to sleeping alone, why do you now want me to sleep with you?"

"I am," Troy replied, "but I don't like sleeping alone, and for whatever reason, I feel especially lonely tonight. I so wish I could cuddle with my Ben tonight, but cuddling with you would help relieve the loneliness."

"Well," Mike said, "I know sleeping with you has to be better than sleeping alone. I so miss having Luke to cuddle and sleep with. Your bed or mine?"

Troy threw the sheet back on his bed, and slipped in, lying on his left side and leaving plenty of room for Mike to join him. When Mike lay down, Troy put his right arm around Mike, spooning him. 

Troy was caressing Mike's hairless chest and stomach, and on every stroke Troy's hand was sliding a bit lower on Mike's stomach and was slightly into Mike's pubes. Mike was willing his cock to stay flaccid, but it seemed his cock had other thoughts, as he felt it getting hard and likely starting to ooze some pre. Mike knew he wasn't the only one, as he could also feel Troy's erection, pushing against the crack of his ass.

Troy took Mike's cock in his hand, and was running his finger through the pre that was oozing out of the pee slit. 

"It seems to me, "Troy said softly, squeezing Mike's erection, "that someone seriously needs to get some relief. I'll be happy to suck you off, if you will return the favor."

"I don't know," Mike replied, "Luke told me, before he left, that he didn't really expect me to be 100% celibate while we were apart, but I told him I would try to be. I know my heart is only for him, but........"

"I know Mike. I am in love with my Ben, as you are with your Luke. We're not talking a relationship here, it's just a fuckin' blowjob. Two friends in need of release, helping each other out. That's all.

"When you put it that way," Mike said, "it sounds much less like—cheating. You realize, Troy, this isn't going to take very long, as hot as I am right now!"

"I know a lot of guys," Troy mentioned, "once they get off, find it hard to suck another's cock. I'll understand, if you cannot reciprocate, I'd accept a rain check."

Mike, chuckling, "As much as I like sucking dick, I'm not into giving rain checks. I'll be able to handle it."

As the two guys re-adjusted their positions, Troy straddled Mike's leg, his own cock leaking a stream of pre and sliding against Mike's shin while he took Mike's manhood into his mouth. Troy is not the stereotypical black male, with a 9" or 10" huge cock, and in fact, Mike's cock was actually a little larger than his own, but not too much to handle.

"Oh my gawd, Troy!" Mike uttered, "I'm not going to last long at all. I hope you're prepared for a flood, this is feeling soooo good!" Then, about 1 minute later, "I'm trying to relax and enjoy this, but—fuck—I'm gonna—I can't hold off—I'm gonna—fuck—I'm cummmmiiiinnnnngggg!"

As Mike released his orgasm into Troy's warm mouth, the first shot hit the back of Troy's throat, almost gagging him. Troy caught all the several more ropes of Mike's cum, and swallowed all of it, like a pro! He them milked Mike's cock, taking the last few dribbles of cum, and licking Mike's cock clean. Mike's cock deflated, but, of course, Troy still was hard as a rock.

The two men then swapped positions, Mike straddled Troy's legs, and he started to lick the precum from Troy's erection, then slid Troy's raging penis into his mouth. Mike started to slowly massage Troy's cock, with his tongue and lips, enjoying the feeling of Troy's manhood. Yes, Mike really enjoys sucking a cock, and he has sucked quite a few in his, now 21 years.

Mike started to pick up the pace just a little, sliding his skilled mouth over Troy's very hard erection, and running his hand lightly on Troy's stomach and abdomen, feeling the smoothness. Troy was nearly hairless, except for his pubes.

"Mike," Troy uttered, "Slow it up! It feels great, but I don't want to cum already!" Then, "Please Mike, stop the action!"

Mike stopped his assault on Troy's cock, just letting it rest inside his mouth.

"I don't believe this!" Troy exclaimed, "It feels like I'm gonna shoot off, with my cock just in your mouth, without you even sucking on it. I don't want to cum yet. It feels too good, just being inside your mouth."

"Mike, I think a volcano is about to erupt! I can feel the pressure building, way down deep inside me. I don't think I have the power to stop this, as much as I want to hold off, I don't think I can! I know I can't, I'm not even trying to encourage it, I'm trying to relax, but—oh fuck—I'm already—here it comes—I can't stop it—oh god—I'm shooting—now!"

Cum filled Mike's mouth and he swallowed, then another mouthful, and even a third that was a little smaller. Mike swallowed more cum from Troy's cock than he believed one man could produce in one orgasm.

"Wow," Mike blurted, "How long have you been saving up that load?"

"Just a couple of weeks, just since the night we sixty-nined out in the woods. I've never had an orgasm that strong before!"

"I think that was the biggest load I've ever taken," Mike said, grinning, "I doubt I'll even be hungry for breakfast, after that huge protein snack."

"Are you okay, Mike?"

"I'm fine, Troy. Nuthin' like having friends with benefits! Do you feel better?"

"Much better. I think we both benefited from those releases. I'm ready to cuddle up and get some sleep."

Mike agreed, they both snuggled together and fell asleep shortly.

* * * * * * * * * * *

W-10 Monday morning, in Mike's home town:

Luke went to work as usual, but was still 'coming down' from the most enjoyable weekend of his life!

"Ryan," Luke said, "I can't thank you enough, for helping to make my birthday weekend the most enjoyable and happiest weekend of my life. My only regret is that Mike wasn't able to be there with us. I still can't believe that by Sunday afternoon, I was actually comfortable, wearing nothing but 'Mother Natures finest!' I almost hated putting clothes back on!" Luke laughed.

"I hope you know, Luke, that you are welcome there anytime. You know where the key is to the 'man cave' and where the towels are stashed. You and the other two boys don't need an invitation. You also know that, if needed, there is a toilet in the 'man cave'. Blair and I thoroughly enjoyed entertaining you guys!"

"I spent," Luke commented, smiling, "two hours last night, writing Mike and telling him about the weekend. I know Mike would love it out there. I think he is a naturist at heart, and would quickly adapt to wearing 'Mother Natures Finest'!"

"I am hoping that the weather stay's mild," Ryan said, "until Mike gets home, so he can enjoy swimming in the pool with you. I guess, the next best thing would be in the spring."

* * * * * * * * * * *

W-10 Thursday after lunch in the cafeteria:

Sean walked in, carrying an envelope, and wanting to see Mike.

"Mike," Sean stated, "Two things I need to address. Are you aware that this is the last week for Jake, Smitty and Josh? Styles wants you guys to do the cake thing tomorrow night, but he is not planning one of his famous Friday night mandatory meetings. It will be up to you guys to get the students to hang around after supper for the farewell celebration."

"Let me make a note," Mike replied, "I've never gotten to know them very well, but Troy and I are opening tomorrow, and we'll have the cake ready. I'll pass the word on to Vern, as he, Stephen and Jeremy will be doing supper. Is there something else you needed to address?"

"Oh, just this," Sean handed the envelope to Mike. Mike smiled, recognizing the return address. Mike tore open the envelope and started reading and Sean left. Troy was studying Mike's expression, which was rotating between normal and grinning. Mike finished reading Luke's letter.

"Can I assume," Troy spoke, "that the letter was not bad news?"

"Actually, Troy," Mike returned, "It was from my baby, and it was rather good news. My parents shocked him with a surprise birthday party, and then one of his coworkers invited him to a skinny-dipping pool party. Too much to explain, here, read it when you get a chance." Then, "I'm so happy that Luke is actually developing some social life, and making some new friends in our town! It's all good, Troy." Mike smiled, obviously quite pleased.

* * * * * * * * * * *

W-11 Monday morning:

The student population continues to shrink. Jake, Josh and Smitty all returned to the outside world on Saturday, and this is the last week for Ivan and Mitch. Ruben came into the cafeteria to chat with Ivan and Mitch.

"Ivan, Mitch," Ruben spoke, "how are the renovations coming along in Dorm two?"

"The electrical work," Mitch said, "should be complete by tomorrow, or at least by noon on Wednesday. We are ready to start installing the power drops for the computers today. We completed the installation of the new lighting last Friday."

"The partition for the computer room is complete," Ivan reported, "and the painting on the TV side of the wall is done. We should finish painting the computer side tomorrow, and then all that is left, is the assembly of the computer desks. Are we expected to actually set up the computers?"

"No," Ruben responded, "The State is sending a whole crew of IT guys to set up the computers and install the software. They may ask you guys to help unpack the new computers, once the rest of your work is complete. Both of you men are still sleeping in Dorm Two, am I correct?" Ruben inquired.

"Yes," Ivan responded, "and, I think, 5 others. Mitch's two trainees, and Darin and Bryan, and one of the Grounds & Maintenance guys."

"If I have things calculated correctly," Ruben stated, "there should be five empty beds in Dorm One right now. Can you please tell your guys to move into Dorm One, between now and Friday evening? I'm not going to ask either of you to move, as your last night here will be this Friday night. I'll have Sean ask the GM guy to move."

"Come next Monday," Ruben went on, "The State is going to be delivering somewhere between 15 and 20 Juvenile Delinquents to take over Dorm Two." 

"I can see," Mitch ventured, "Where you are going to have your hands full!"

"It's not going to be that bad," Ruben answered, "because the State is also supplying correctional officers to control these kids. The only thing we are responsible for, is making sure we have food prepared for them. They will be sharing the cafeteria, the rec room in Dorm One, and the pool and gym, once the new shower and changing room is complete."

"Eventually, as you guys continue to train and finish, Dorm One is also going to be taken over by Juvi's. But that won't be for at least another 3 or 4 months from now. They won't send any more Juvi's in here, while we still have any of the adult students using Dorm One. They have proposed though, that when we are down to six or seven remaining students, they might bring in a trailer to house them, so they can fill up Dorm One with Juvi's."

"Are you going to be like the school principal, once we're gone?"

"I wish!" Ruben replied, "I've already been notified that, once Prison School is over, my position is eliminated. I have no idea what I might pursue as a means of supporting myself. Hopefully, I might be qualified as something like an office manager. I'm sure going to miss this place." Ruben was tearing up, we hate to see a grown man cry. He turned and walked away.

"You know, Mitch," Ivan spoke, "I really feel sorry for ol' Ruben. He really isn't a bad guy, and his dream of creating this school was admirable. It gave so many of us a wonderful opportunity, despite his maybe twisted means of—almost promoting nudity—and allowing some unusual sexual behavior. At least nobody got pregnant."

"Well, Ivan, I've always been quite secure in my sexuality, as a straight man. I'll admit, I enjoyed my times of complete nudity. I was never interested in what some of the other men displayed, I could really care how a guy is hung, but I do think some of the more gay oriented men enjoyed seeing other men naked. I did enjoy the freedom, and I think it's a rather unique and awesome experience."

"Actually," Mitch admitted, "My wife and I have practiced some nudity. We visited a colony a couple times when the kids were quite small, but still in diapers, although I know both of them have seen their Mommy and Daddy run around the house in the nude. I think practicing nudity, as a family, is healthy. It teaches the kids to be proud of their bodies, rather than teaching that it needs to be hidden." 

"I never thought of it that way, Mitch, and you're probably right. Of course, you also need to teach them to use some discretion. If they dropped their clothes off in school, it could cause some repercussions. Are your kids boys or girls?"

"The nine year old is a boy, and his sister is eleven, what about yours?"

"Two boys, they were 8 and 7 when I was incarcerated, now they're 14 and 13. They were funny kids, we used to put them to bed wearing their PJ's, and somehow, when they got up in the morning, they were always naked. They said the pajamas made them too warm. I don't know if they still sleep naked or not, as they are about to enter puberty, or maybe already have. I have missed seeing them grow up. I hope they still love me, I've a lot of catching up to do!"

"True that," Mitch responded, "It's rough on a family when one of the parents are out of the picture for several years, like we have both been. I guess we need to get to work. I'm glad to be down to my last week here."

When Mitch and Ivan got down to Dorm Two, Darin and Bryan were nearly ready to start painting the Computer Room side of the wall and Cory and Rick were installing the power drops for the computers.

"Hey guys," Mitch called out, "Gather around, we need to talk." The four trainees walked over to where Ivan and Mitch were.

"Are you aware," Ivan asked, while pointing at Mitch, "That this is our last week here? Mitch and I were wondering if you, Bryan, and Corey would like to try and pass your certifications before we leave?"

"I don't know if I'm ready, yet," Bryan said.

"Me either," Corey echoed.

"Darin, Rick," Mitch stated, "You guys will likely be done here in Dorm 2 by tomorrow afternoon. Take your proteges, and go over the sample exams with them. I think they can be ready to try the exams on Thursday."

Darin and Rick, in unison, "Will do."

* * * * * * * * * * *

W-11, Wednesday right after lunch:

Rick and Corey had finished eating, and Rick had asked Corey to sit tight a few minutes, and he would return shortly. A few minutes later Rick returned, holding a small stack of documents.

"These are the sample certification exams for Electricians," Rick said, "Let's go someplace where we can go over these without interruptions. It should be peaceful and quiet out in the woods."

Corey wondered about the location, but followed Rick into the woods. Rick pointed to a bench, and suggested they sit there to study the exams. While Corey was reading the questions, and answering them, a couple of them incorrectly, Rick had placed his hand on Corey's inner thigh and lightly stroked it.

"Rick," Corey stated, pushing Rick's hand away from his thigh, "you're making me get a boner, and I'm not—you know, like that!"

"Corey," Rick asked, "have you ever received a blowjob?"

"Yeah, a couple of my girlfriends tried to suck me off, but it didn't work, neither of them ever got me off."

"Corey, so many times we've showered together, and, well, you've got a beautiful body. I've lusted to take your gorgeous cock into my mouth and make you cum. Do you know a man can do a better job of sucking than most women?"

"Are you propositioning me?"

"No," Rick answered, "but with the Juvi's arriving next week, I might never have a better chance to do you. I would like to try and get you off, right now."

"Rick, you do realize that I'm not gay, and there is no way I can return it. I doubt you can get me off, but I guess you can try."

"Thanks, Corey, I've wanted this for a long time. I'll do my best to make you feel good."

Rick, feeling the anticipation, was hard as a rock and leaking pre into his boxers. He undid the waist and zipper of Corey's pants, a little surprised that Corey was also leaking pre. He pulled down Corey's boxers and licked the pre that was oozing from the tip of Corey's cock. Corey may not be gay, but seemed to respond to the potential anticipation of Rick's mouth around his cock.

"Can I lay down?" Corey questioned.

"Sure," Rick responded, as he removed his own jeans and boxers.

"Why are you getting naked?" Corey asked, "I said I couldn't reciprocate."

"Cause sucking you off is going to make me need to get off, and I don't want to cum in my pants!"

Rick straddled Corey's legs and lowered his mouth over Corey's beautiful black cock, at first licking the pre from the head, then sliding the head of Corey's cock into his mouth, starting to work Corey's manhood. Rick is wishing he'd tried to do this a couple of months ago. Corey is starting to moan, evidently enjoying the feeling.

"You may be right, Rick. This is feeling better than when either of those girls tried to do this, Oh god, this feels so much better than I thought it would."

Rick's own cock was throbbing with desire. He didn't dare even touch it, as he knew he would explode, and he very much wanted to get Corey to cum first. Corey was squirming, and starting to rotate his hips, trying to push his cock further into Rick's hot, wet, mouth. Corey could feel his orgasm starting to build, slowly but steadily rising out of his groin.

"Rick, do you want me to cum in your mouth?" Corey gasped, breathing raggedly.

"Um hm," Rick confirmed, not losing a stroke on Corey's cock. Corey placed both his hands on the back of Rick's head, holding Rick's mouth tightly on his cock.

"Oh, FUCK!" Corey almost shouted, "Rick! I'm gonna—fuck—I'm about to shoot—here it comes—get ready!" 

Rick was ready, Corey shot one, two, three healthy ropes of cum into Rick's waiting mouth. Rick swallowed the first two ropes, then held the last on his tongue, enjoying the flavor of Corey's ejaculate. Rick rose up onto his knees, turned to the side a little and grabbed his own cock, he only stroked it about 3 or 4 times, and shot a massive load out onto the ground, while Corey watched.

"You tasted really good, Corey, I hope you enjoyed it."

"I did," Corey admitted, "that's about the gayest thing I've ever done. The only other thing, was when I was a teen, sometimes I and my high school buddy used to jack off together. I'm still surprised you got me off, and you shot quite a load too."

"I guess, some of us can get pretty aroused when sucking another guy off. I've always gotten pretty horny, sometimes just thinking about it. I've thought about sucking you off a few times, and ended up jacking off."

"Thanks, Rick, I have to admit, that was a lot of fun, and felt really good."

"Corey, let's review a few more of these exam questions, and I think you'll be in good shape to do your certification test tomorrow."

Meanwhile, Darin and Bryan have been doing the same type of review, only with the Carpenter's exams. They didn't go to the woods though, just sat at one of the tables in the cafeteria.
