 I watched in silence as Andrew disappeared down the hall, leaving me confused as to what the hell just happened. I thought it was a crazy coincidence that he was standing before me, but apparently he interpreted it as a joke I was playing on him? That doesn't even make any sense. I tried to stifle the annoyance that was building up inside me and slammed the door to my room shut, ignoring the lady that was still standing in the hallway, staring at me in such a peculiar fashion, I could feel her judgment even from the other side of the door. 

I threw myself face down onto my mattress, letting my pillow stifle the sound of my annoyed groan. Everything Andrew said was eating me alive right now. First off, obviously I had no involvement with that Brian guy. That didn't even make any sense. How could I, when I had just met him in a club earlier that week? Not to mention, Andrew was the one who came on to me. It's not like I convinced him to shove his tongue down my throat. He grabbed me first, in an attempt to make Brian jealous. 

Also, I could have sworn he said that Brian moved to New York. So again, it didn't make sense! 

I couldn't fault him for reacting negatively, really. I rolled onto my back and stared up at the ceiling of my room. I needed to decorate this room, I realized. It was obviously meant for two people, and knowing my father, he probably pulled some strings to get me my own place. As if being a college freshman wasn't hard enough, let's add in some special treatment to make sure all the other students really hate me. Hopefully people wouldn't think it was weird and be too upset about it. I had to imagine there were other people on this campus with ridiculous parents with even more ridiculous requests than whatever my father came up with. The only thing I could be grateful for is that he would probably forget about me until November rolled around and I had to go home for Thanksgiving. 

The thing that bothered me most about my interaction with Andrew, though, was his stupid assumption about my age. I would turn 19 in a week. He couldn't be older than 21. There was no reason to make such a big fucking deal over my age. The bigger issue is that he's my RA and I'm assuming there are some rules about hooking up with the residents of your hall. Maybe we could get around that... 

Then again, that would involve him wanting to see me again, which he obviously doesn't. 

I briefly considered going to find him so I could yell at him and tell him exactly what I thought of his douchebag behavior, but then I decided it was probably best to avoid pissing him off even more. I was saved from my dumb decision either way by my phone beeping with a text from Jason telling me to meet him and Matt down on the lawn in the quad in front of our dorm. Jason and I were lucky enough to live in the same dorm, although I don't think we were on the same floor. I didn't even realize he would already be on campus and ready to hang out, but I wasn't going to turn down the chance to hang out with them before Mat had to leave for Brown. 

It wasn't hard to spot the lovebirds, since they were the only ones on the lawn with four huge bodyguards surrounding them. I was used to Matt's security detail by now, but it was alarming for other people. The guys usually kept their distance, but it was weird knowing they were always being watched. Fortunately, Jay would be left alone once Matt left, but for now, he was part of the entourage. Ever since Matt's father announced his candidacy for president, things were a little crazy. It wasn't such a bug deal when we were in high school because the campus was gated and secure, but out in the real world, he was under the microscope. Of course, Captain America wasn't even remotely bothered by it, as long as Jay was within five feet of him, I never saw anything less than a smile on his face lately. 

"Hey, Josh!" Jay greeted as I approached. They were sitting under a tree, where the heat was a little less oppressive than out on the lawn. "How was your move in?" 

"It was good. Glad there are finally other people on campus though." I told him as I plopped down next to him, rolling out onto my stomach and propping myself up on my elbows so I could see them. "What are you guys doing?" 

"Just finished moving my stuff in. Matt has to go in an hour or two but wanted to see you before he left." Jay told me, grinning widely at Matt as he spoke. The two of them had so much love between them, it was almost nauseating. 

"Aww, Matt, you shouldn't have." I batted my eyelashes at him. He rolled his eyes and threw some grass at my face, but I knew it was in good fun. I liked to give him a hard time, but it was hard not to like Matt. He was perfect for Jason, no matter how much I hated to admit it, and he was nothing but kind to me, even when we had had our differences at the end of the school year. He could have alienated me from Jason's life, but instead, he took me in and was actually a pretty good friend. As is evident by the fact that he would rather hang out with me than just along with Jason having all kinds of raunchy sex before he had to leave. 

And from what Jason had told me, Matt was into all sorts of kinky things. 

"Any cute guys on your floor?" Matt probed. 

"Well, that didn't take you long." I glared at him. "Why are you in such a rush to pawn me off?" 

He just laughed at me, and pulled Jason closer to his side. "I just want you to be happy." He told me as he absent mindedly rubbed Jay's back. The two of them were always at such ease with each other. There was some kind of magnetic force between them that kept them touching constantly whenever they were near each other. it was kind of sweet, once you got over the initial gag reflex, that is. 

"I'm fine." I told him. 

"You know, I have a friend who lives in this dorm too." He started, but I shot him a look and he shut right up. "I'm just saying. If you change your mind." He offered quickly. 

Jay laughed at him, giving him a nudge with his shoulder. "Josh won't change his mind. He's never going to settle down. You know that. He gets bored too easily." 

And there is was. Everyone thought I just wanted to be some slut running around town. No one took me seriously, and no one ever wanted to actually date me. The downside of being the only gay kid in high school I guess. Everyone wanted a secret blow job or handy here or there, but no one wanted anything long term. Hooking up with Adam was the longest running thing I have ever had, and he was a sociopathic psycho, so we just won't go down that road again. Even my best friend 

"Well, there is one guy I wouldn't mind getting my hands on." I teased, knowing damn well I would never tell them about Andrew. There was no point. It was clear he wanted nothing to do with me, and they would just want to try to make it happen. I don't want them thinking that they need to help me get a date, so I was just going to have to let it go. 

We spent the next hour and a half just hanging out and relaxing before Matt had to go. I was pretty glad he would be close this year so that Jay wouldn't have to be doing anything too long distance. It was hard enough for him that their relationship was already very public to the entire country, but to also have the barrier of long distance would be hard for him. I had never seen him happier than he was when he was with Matt, and watching him accept the reality that Matt was leaving soon was a little heartbreaking. When the two of them went to go get Matt ready to leave, I opted to stay behind and relax under the tree. It was a good place to people watch, and they could have their privacy. I would see Matt soon anyway, since he had invited me to go with Jay to a few of the political events that were leading up to the election. Growing up in DC in a big business family, I wasn't exactly a stranger to the political scene, but it had never been for someone I actually knew and wasn't just trying to get close to me because of my father. 

I'm not even sure how long I sat under the tree staring out at the world. After a summer of solitude, it had become quite easy to tune out the noises around me. My thoughts were disrupted by a shadow blocking out the little bit of sun I was getting between branches. I glanced up and saw Andrew standing over me. My heart pounded against my rib cage as I stared at him, unable to read his expression, his eyes hidden by dark sunglasses. I opened my mouth to say something but words wouldn't come out and I realized I had absolutely no idea what to say to him. "Hi." I finally managed to squeak out, ashamed at how meek my tone sounded. 

"We have a floor meeting in 15 minutes." He said flatly, but didn't turn away from me. 

"Andrew." I started. "I..." 

"15 minutes." He repeated and turned to walk away. 

I watched him stalk across the quad, pausing to say hi to a few different people before some guy walked up to him and actually held his attention for more than a few seconds. The guy was obviously working it hard, probably telling him all sorts of raunchy things to keep Andrew there. My stomach flipped when the other guy ran his hand down Andrew's arm. How could I possibly be jealous? It was a one night stand. There was no need for me to go all crazy. I have had many encounters that only last for one night. There was nothing special about hooking up with Andrew. He was just another guy that meant nothing to me. 

So why did it feel like something was being ripped away from me? 

With a huff, I pushed myself off the ground and started back towards the main entrance of the dorm. I felt like an angry child who had a toy taken away from them, but I couldn't care any less about that at this point. I don't care if Andrew and I never hook up again, but I do care that he wouldn't even look at me. I thought the sex was great. I was pretty certain that he thought so too. And then a thought hit me right in the gut. What if I was bad in bed? A chill ran through me as I realized the actual possibility that it was the reason Andrew wouldn't talk to me. It would certainly make sense. It also justified why no one ever wanted more than one night with me. 

My shoulder slumped a little, so I did my best to straighten up as I had to walk past Andrew and the handsome stranger he was talking to. As much as I hated to admit it, the guy was gorgeous, and clearly wanted the same piece of Andrew that I had already had. I didn't want to she anything with this guy. Andrew's scent wafted through the air as I passed, that perfect mix of cologne and male skin that taunted all my senses. As I opened the door to the dorm, I glanced back at the two, and a thrill ran through me when I saw that Andrew was watching me. 

The rest of the people from my floor were gathered in the common area, nervously chatting and making introductions. Several people jumped on me and started asking about where I was from and what I was majoring in, typical college introductions. Everyone silenced when Andrew entered the room. I rolled my eyes as the girls next to me giggled and whispered about how cute he was. I had to agree with them. Andrew's Yale polo and khakis gave him a preppy look that made him look like he stepped right out of a Vineyard Vines ad. Dressed like this, he was the embodiment of everything I was ever attracted to in high school, but I still felt like there was something special about him. He had revealed all kinds of personal info to me last week that made me realize there was more to him than what met the eye, but I wasn't sure that I wanted to spend all year trying to get him to realize that. There had to be plenty of cute, single, openly gay guys on this campus that would want me. I had to at least pretend that people would want to date me. Just for my own self esteem. 

"Hi everyone, I know you're all anxious to get to know each other and get ready for classes, but I just wanted to take a few minutes to introduce myself and explain a few things about being at Yale." Andrew started. The group fell silent and gave him their full attention. My attention was already on him, of course, unable to tear my eyes away from the gorgeous eyes that I had been fantasizing about for days. "My name is Andrew Macintyre, and I'm from DC. I'm a senior this year, working on a joint degree in business and public health. I just wanted you to know who I was so that if anything comes up, you know who I am and where to find me. I know that the first couple weeks of college can be a tough transition period, but you can always come to me and I'll be happy to help you with finding the resources you need. My cell number is in the packet of info I gave you when I cam to check you in, so I don't want to hold you hostage much longer. There's a mixer downstairs at 6 tonight for the whole building, so I encourage you to go out and meet some new people. I can take individual questions now, but if you don't have anything that you need, you are free to go. I'm really looking forward to getting to know all of you over the next year." 

That had to have been the briefest dorm meeting I had ever experienced, but it was fine with me. I could use a trip to the gym to relieve some of the tension that was siting on my chest like an iron brick. Being this close to Andrew and knowing he hated me was killing me. 

I decided I would wait to see if he would talk to me if he was cornered. Besides, he never gave me a packet, so I needed one anyway. I waited patiently as Andrew went through everyone else, quite obviously saving me for last. He probably thought I would give up and walk away, but I wasn't about to give this up. When the last person finally left the two of us alone, Andrew acted as if I wasn't even there and started pushing chairs back where they belonged. "Really?" I finally snapped. "You're just going to ignore me?" 

"That was the plan." He said flatly. 

"You can't do that." I told him. "You never gave me a packet earlier, and we are obviously going to be living close to each other, and you are supposed to be someone I can turn to for help." I gave him a smirk. "Maybe I need help with something."  

He finally turned to face me, obviously trying to hide a grin. "You don't need any help." 

"Maybe I do." I told him. "Maybe there's someone who is bullying me." 

"No one is bullying you." He scoffed. "You've been here for three hours." 

"I've been here for three days." I reminded him. "And you aren't exactly being very nice." 

"I'm the one bullying you?" He repeated, but added air quotes to the bullying part. "You re being ridiculous." 

I grinned at him. "Maybe I am. But you really didn't give me a packet." 

He rolled his eyes and turned to what I was assuming was his room, since the door was covered in information about the school and phone numbers for resources. He stepped inside and grabbed a packet of paper off the desk and handed it to me. I took it from him, but glanced back into the hallway to make sure no one was within sight before I pushed myself into the room and shut the door behind me. 

"What are you doing?" He asked me in an alarmingly calm voice. 

"Why are you acting like that?" I asked him. "Like I'm dirt under your shoe?" 

He rolled his eyes yet again. That was getting annoying. "I'm not having this conversation with you right now." 

"Yes, you are. I need to know. We are going to have a very long year ahead of us if we don't straighten this out." His jaw ticked, but he didn't say anything, just kept that unfaltering stare right on me. His glares were proving to be extremely difficult to read. "Look, I know I blew you off. I didn't want to, but I didn't think to get your phone number and it was a mistake. I had to move up here earlier than originally planned. But I really did have a great time with you, and I think that you had a good time too." 

"You lied to me." He said flatly. 

"I did not!" I argued. "I don't know why you think that. I never told you anything that wasn't true." 

He glared at me again. "You're not 21." 

"I never said I was!" 

"You were out drinking." 

"I have a fake ID." I told him. "I'm a gay kid from DC. You have to be 21 to do all the fun stuff." 

"That's a lie by omission." He pointed out. 

"Really?" I snapped. "You're mad because I didn't tell you that I was only 18? You were a stranger. That I picked up in a bar. Of course I wasn't going to tell you my real age." 

"Well, that's a lie." 

"Oh my god!" I threw my hands up in the air, nearly whacking him in the face with the packet of info he had given me. "So I didn't tell you I was 18. I'm sorry. It didn't change anything then and it shouldn't change anything now. That was going to be one night. Meeting up on Thursday wasn't going to be the start of anything, considering you were moving back to Connecticut anyway. So what is the big deal? Were you planning on confessing your undying love for me and following me wherever I was going?" 

"That's not what I'm upset about." He argued back. 

"Then please tell me what is." I snapped. "Because you have been a fucking dick all day and I won't tolerate it all year." 

"You don't understand." He said softly. All the tension in him seemed to disappear as he sat down on his perfectly made bed. I gave him a moment to go further, but he obviously wasn't going to. 

I placed my packet back on the desk. "You said this morning that you thought I had something to do with Brian." 

"You wouldn't be the first person he has sent to mess with me." He told me. "It's even worse here. He has already had three different friends hit on me." 

"Do you think that maybe people are hitting on you because you are a catch?" I offered, but he didn't say anything. "And besides, you were there when I met Brian. How in the word would I have been part of an evil plan to mess with you? Not to mention, how fucked up do you think I am? I brought you home, I told you stuff I don't tell many people, and I let you fuck me. More than once, actually. So instead of playing all wounded victim, don't you think that maybe this was all a misunderstanding?" He was silent so I moved closer to him and put one hand on his shoulder. He looked up at me, but didn't say anything. "Maybe a misunderstanding that could be a huge pleasant coincidence?" 

"You're still just a freshman." 

"I turn 19 next week." I offered. "Its not like I'm a kid." 

"It's not the age." He rolled his eyes. Again. So annoying. "You're still a freshman, and my resident. Nothing can happen between us. So you can argue with me all you want, but you can't go around trying to change my mind. You should take my advice now. No flirting, no teasing, no trying to get me to change my mind. Last weekend was fun, but that's not happening again. I'm not interested." 

I glanced down at him before I moved to sit beside him on the bed. I heard his breath hitch as I moved closer to him. "Is that what you really want?" I asked. "I will be living right down the hall. This is a crazy coincidence. You have to admit that we had a pretty awesome night together." 

"Awesome is one word for it." He agreed. "But...I just can't." 

"Okay." I told him. "Got it. Not a problem." I pushed myself off the bed and turned to face him. "I'll put in a transfer to another floor." I told him. "I think that is the best option at this point." 

I didn't say another word as I opened his door and made my way down the hall to my own room, using every ounce of control I had not to turn around and say anything else to him. I had tried to talk to him. It obviously wasn't working. Transferring floors was probably the best option. I would probably lose my single room, but at least I wouldn't be having more awkward interactions with Andrew, and maybe I could actually meet someone who wanted something to do with me. I have had enough of these assholes who find something wrong with me no matter what I try or do. 
