 I was attending a small Community College in order to save some money in my first two years of college. Classes were small which was a good thing teachers would get to know most students by name. I was a good student not an A student but close. I had decent load of classes that I could handle I had to work to pay for school. This was my last semester and we were close to mid-terms. As could figure out I was doing pretty good up to that point I was passing all my classes except for one.

I was having a hard time with algebra. I was trying as hard as I could but, for some reason I could not understand how to solve most algebra problems. After class I would go to algebra lab. to practice and work on these problems. I did extra work at home but, I still had trouble with it. Now, I was not failing. But, if I pass it would be with a C- and I could not take a chance and fail the class. I needed to graduate.

As we approached mid-terms Prof. Roberts was giving extra credit home work. Prof. Roberts was a tall man in his 60's, white hair kind of balding, a little over weight. A teacher by profession. You could tell he had been teaching for a very long time. When he was teaching you could see he was just going thru the motions. Something he has done day in and day out. He would take his time to explain but, I could not get it.

When class had ended and almost everybody had left. I approached Prof. Roberts to see if I could get more extra credit homework. After explaining my problem with his class and asking for more homework he suggested that I needed private lessons and he could help me. I told him that private lessons would cost money that I did not have. He told me that the lessons would be for free. So, I agreed to the private lessons and asked at what time would we meet at the math lab. Prof. Roberts told me we will not meet at the math lab. we were going to meet at his house after school and to send an e-mail and he will give me all the details.

A couple of days went by and I sent an e-mail to Prof. Roberts notifying him that I had a couple of nights off from work and we could start the lessons. An hour went by when I received an e-mail from Prof. Roberts giving me his address and telling me to come by at 8:00 that night. I replied that I would be there. By this time I started thinking that maybe Prof. Roberts had something more in mind than just algebra lessons. Maybe it was just my dirty mind but, it did excite me the thought of sucking his dick. I wondered how big it would be, how would it taste and for an old man how much cum he would put in my mouth.

While all these thoughts where going thru my mind and then again maybe I was just dreaming and all I would get was just a math lesson. In any case I would prepare my self for what ever came my way. I drove to the address he gave me. It was a nice house not to big looked clean from the outside. Knocked on the door and Prof. Roberts answered the door and asked me to come in. The inside looked just like Prof. Roberts old but not worn down. He guided me to a small table in the middle of the living room. It had two chairs by it arranged side by side and it had a couple of books on it.

He asked me to sit and he sat next to me. We opened our books and the lesson began. As we were doing some work and he was explaining to me how to work these problems he was coming closer and closer to me to the point that our faces were inches apart. After a while I think he was kind of annoyed that I was not getting it. He stood up and went to get a glass with water. When he came back he gave me a glass with water.

He did not sit down, when he sat it was at my left, he stood at my right. The table was kind of small and I was almost at the edge. He was leaning so close to me while he was explaining how to solve these problems and then he would stand up so close his crotch was inches from my face. This just made me wish he would pull out his dick so I can suck it. I could not think of math anymore. As he stood there I kind of rubbed my pencil against his crotch looked up to him and said I was sorry. He was looking down at me and said it was all right.

So rubbed my pencil a little bit more and could see his bulge getting bigger. I looked up at him again when he said, "Is this what you want?" 

And I said, "Well if it is going to improve my grade, yes." 

Then with my free hand I started stroking his dick all the while looking up at him. He was looking at me when he opened his pants pulled out his dick and it was a nice piece of meat. About 6 1/2 inches and kind of thick. I held it my hand and then it went in my mouth. 

I started going in and out making sure to stop and massage the head. "Hmmm," he said, "Suck that cock," which I did. 

I dropped from the chair to my knees. He grabbed my head with both hands and started to face fuck me putting his dick all the way in to my throat. I love to be face fucked. While I was sucking his cock I pulled his pants down. This gave me a chance to suck his balls which, by the way, were nice and soft.

As I was sucking his dick he kept pushing me back until I had the table behind me and the edge of the table was behind my neck. Prof. Roberts leaned forward and put both hands on the table and then he really fucked my face. As he pushed his dick in my mouth I could hear him moaning. I was loving it. I had never been face fucked this way. I heard a loud grunt and he stuck his cock all the way in and started shooting his creamy cum all the way in my throat. As I swallowed his cum I was grasping for air. After he had unloaded he released some pressure and I could breathe some while still swallowing cum. He stood up and I followed my mouth still on his cock until I had swallowed every drop of cum.

Prof. Roberts pulled his cock out of my mouth and he just stood there looking down at me. I was on my knees. "Best blowjob I ever had," he said. 

We got dressed. Made some small talk. I was ready to leave when he said, "be ready for your next lesson, I'll have surprise for you." 

To which I said, "I'll look forward to it, good night professor." 

As I drove away I was wondering what kind of a surprise would he have for me. I could taste his cum in my mouth so, what ever it was I was hoping for more cum, it tasted so good.