 Hi all! Here is the next installment! Thanks to everyone who sent me kind words over the past several weeks—you guys are great! A little update for those who have ever so kindly expressed their concern: my brother is doing fantastically! Almost done with physical therapy and almost at full recovery of strength in his legs. His husband has been amazing and I am so happy that they have each other. I have been crazy busy with my new job and wedding planning, but I LOVE Texas and am so happy to be here. Anyway, I hope you all enjoy the next chapter!

*

"Did you ask Barry to come with us to the election party yet?" Jay asked me as we walked towards the library. Fall was beginning to kick in and it was freezing that morning. Six hours later, and I was still a thawing out from crew that morning. I had a paper due the next day that I had barely focused on all week because I was sidetracked with the weekend trip to the city and then with hanging out with Barry the past couple of days. Now, it was crunch time and I was going to lock myself away in a study room until I finished. Jason had found himself in a similar predicament and was trying to do some last minute studying before he was gone for the whole weekend. With the election coming up the next Tuesday, Matt would be in New York with his father doing the final campaign stuff, and Jason was planning on spending as much time with him as possible. He had spent all day Monday getting redone by the campaign team, and now he looked like Zack Morris prepping for homecoming...all the time. His hair was perfectly styled and he literally looked like something out off the cover of a political newsletter. Matt had been dressed up the same, if his pictures gave anything away. He had been photographed all over the Brown campus since he got back after our NYC weekend. People had been pretty good about leaving him alone throughout the semester but now that it was so close to the end, the photographers had come out in swarms.

"I'm not sure it's a good idea." I confessed to him. I had been debating it for a few days, but I still hadn't decided whether or not I should ask Barry to come with me.

"I think it's a great idea. Why wouldn't you want him there?"

"I'm just not sure I want to subject him to that world, you know?" I shrugged. "People are assholes."

"That world?"

"You know what I mean. Matt and I grew up in that world. Politicians and scumbag billionaires and all their bullshit rules and standards. Barry is a nice guy and would probably hate the whole night."

"So, this world that you would be exposing him to that is so terrible, you have no problem with me being submerged in it?"

"What? That's ridiculous." I told him. "Of course not. You have always been part of it too, just in a different way."

"So you're just saying that he can't be part of your life because he didn't grow up with money like you and Matt did, but it's okay for you guys to slum it with me because I was the poor kid who was dragged along into the mess?"

"What? Jason, that is not even remotely what I'm saying. I have no idea what his financial upbringing was. I'm just saying that growing up the way I did was not easy, and I'm not sure I want him to see what it was like for me. He seems to think I'm pretty great for some reason, and I don't want his perception of me to change because my father can be a jerk or my mother gets drunk and hits on him or whatever."

He shot me a skeptical look. "Look, I get that you and Matt were raised in a very different way than I was, and we are all probably very different from Barry. But I don't think it is a bad idea to bring him with you. It's a big night, and it could be a really awesome date for you guys."

"My parents will be there. And Adam."

He scoffed. "Who cares about Adam? You need to stop stressing about stupid shit, Josh. Adam is history, or at least he should be. He was a complete dickhead to you, and don't think that I have forgotten about what he did to me either. He is a menace and does not deserve even a moment of your time. You have already let him affect your life way too much and I don't know how you can even fathom forgiving him after what happened this summer. You worked hard to overcome all of that and if he dares mess with you next week, there will be hell to pay."

"Okay, that's fair, but what about my dad? You know he won't take very kindly to me bringing Barry."

"Again, who gives a damn? Your father is never going to be happy with anything you do, so you might as well just stop trying to impress him and just worry about yourself." We had finally reached the library, and went to head in our different directions towards our individual favorite study rooms. He preferred being by the Greek mythology section, while I preferred being upstairs in foreign languages. "Come on, Matt will be so busy on Tuesday night. Bring Barry so we can entertain each other." He pouted at me. "Besides, it will be a good chance for you guys to bond on the trip there and everything. Just think about it."

"Fine. I'll think about it." I agreed. "Good luck with your exam."

"Thanks. I'll catch you tomorrow. And Josh, you are pretty damn great, and it makes me really happy to see that Barry agrees. You deserve someone who understands just how awesome you are." He waved goodbye and disappeared through the stacks. I sighed and turned so I could head upstairs to my favorite nook. Thankfully, when I got up there, my favorite independent study room was open. I think it was supposed to be designed for more than one person, but whenever I found it open, I hogged it to myself. It had a loveseat in the corner, which made it way more comfortable than some of the others, but it also had a desk if you felt like serious work. I usually plopped onto the loveseat and did my work from there. It was kind of like being home, but without nearly as many distractions.

I had barely settled in to get started on my paper when my phone vibrated violently in my bag. I was going to ignore it, but whoever was calling me was doing so on repeat. With a sigh, I pushed my textbooks to the side and stretched out so I could take the call. I was not even a little surprised to see it was my father. We had reached the end of our phone tag game and he would call me repeatedly until I answered him and gave him what he wanted. It was a familiar song and dance that we had perfected over the last 19 years, but it was ours.

"Hi, Dad." I answered. "What can I do for you?"

"Joshua, I have been trying to get ahold of you for two weeks. Where the hell have you been?" He snapped. It sounded like he was in an airport based on the background noise, which was also par for the course whenever he did manage to catch me. It always seemed like I was something he squeezed in between more important issues.

"I've been busy." I told him. "College and stuff."

He sighed. "Josh, I don't have time for your games. How are things going?"

"They're good, I guess. School is good, crew is good, work is good."

"And your mental health?"

"Fine." I muttered. No need to beat around the bush apparently.

"Humphrey told me you're dating someone new, is that true?"

"Word travels fast." I sighed. Matt must have told his father at some point. "We literally just started going out a few days ago."

"Is he someone I would know?"

"Ummm." I drew out. "That depends. Do you remember when I went to camp?"

"Of course I do, that was when I sent your mother to rehab for the fourth time." The way he said it was so nonchalant, it was almost unsettling. Sadly, my mother had always lived a life that revolved around shopping, booze, and pills. She had been in rehab more times than I could remember, and spent the rest of her time gallivanting around Europe on extravagant vacations while the nanny raised me. The summer I went to camp was only because it was last minute and the nanny was supposed to take that summer off. My mother's relapse was poorly timed and there was nothing they could do with me. I was probably old enough to stay home alone, but the summer in the mountains and woods was a nice break for me and I begged for them to send me. "What does this have to do with anything?"

'Well, remember I became friends with that girl, Brianna?"

"You're dating a girl? Joshua, I am not sure if I'm confused or proud."

I had to laugh. Only he could make it seem like I was a puzzle to be solved. "No, dad, still gay. His name is Barry, and he is actually Brianna's older brother. It was a weird twist of fate I guess. He's on the crew team with me, and...."

"Josh, I'm glad, but you need to focus on your studies and your health. You need to remember that you are a Banner, and you need to live up to certain expectations that normal people don't. You can't be slumming it with any guy who pays you attention."

"Dad, he's not just some guy." I argued. "He's different. He really seems to get me."

"Josh, please. Just like Adam 'got you' and look how well that turned out." He sighed. I could practically hear the air quotes in his tone. "I don't want to argue about this right now. I was just calling to confirm that you were coming on Tuesday. Your presence is expected, and I have arranged for a car to pick you up at 5:00 pm on Tuesday so that you can ride comfortably. I know it will be a hindrance to your crew schedule and classes, so they will take you home that evening as well, whenever we are done. You may want to excuse yourself from your morning practice on Wednesday though, because the event may go fairly late."

"Gee, Dad, you make it sound like I'm going to a funeral, not a party."

"It is an important night. Do you have your tux ready?"

I sighed. "Yes, of course." I told him.

"Good. Then I will see you when you arrive. You are to come find me immediately so I can introduce you to some people. There are many people dying to meet you now that you're a Yale man."

"Can I bring Barry?" I dared to ask him his opinion. "Jason and Matt keep telling me that I should bring him."

He sighed again. I guess it was a genetic trait, or at least the only way either of us could get through a conversation. "Of course he can come. I'm looking forward to meeting him."

"What? Since when do you want to meet someone I'm dating?"

"Because you're not a child anymore, Joshua. If you feel that it is appropriate to bring this new boyfriend of yours to a public social event, then I will have to trust you and see how it goes. I can't baby you forever., no matter what your actions may dictate."

I stared at my phone, trying to figure out if someone else had taken over my father's body somehow. Invasion of the body snatchers or something crazy like that. "Okay, dad. I have to get some work done, but I'll see you next week. Thanks for setting up the car service, that was nice of you."

"Take care, Joshua." And just like that, he was gone, and I could get back to my paper. What a weird interaction, I thought to myself, shaking my head. I don't think my father had ever called me a man in my entire life. He was always so quick to point out when I was acting like a child and being a spoiled brat. Never once had he told me I was a man capable of my own decisions. Maybe I should mark this day in history. It also struck me that after all the phone calls and ignored emails, he finally got a hold of me and that was all that he wanted. Normally, I never get out of a phone call in less than ten minutes, and it usually involves a lot more lecturing than that. Shaking it off, I settled back into the loveseat and got back to work on my paper.

After working for a couple hours, I decided to take a break and go for a walk to stretch. Long hours of homework were not new to m, but I hated writing papers more than anything. I would rather have to study for exams every day than sit and stare at a computer screen for hours on end. I wandered over to where Jason was working and found that he was equally as burnt out, so we decided to go for a walk outside instead. A little fresh air never hurt anyone. We made our way over to one of the food trucks that park near campus and got a couple tacos for dinner before starting back towards the library.

"Hey, check it out." Jay interrupted, pointing across the quad. I followed his glance and saw Andrew walking with a girl I didn't recognize and an older couple, probably his parents.

"It's probably just his family." I pointed out. "Maybe they're just visiting from DC or something."

"Um, Josh? He's holding hands with that girl." Jason laughed.

"What? No!" I squinted, trying to make more sense of the scene across the yard. Jason was right, they were holding hands. "What the actual fuck?" I laughed. "He is just one mess after another. It's like he doesn't even know who he is."

"I think it's safe to say you dodged a bullet there." He agreed.

"Hey, look. Greg." I pointed him out. He was trailing about ten yards behind Andrew and his posse. The look on his face was absolute dejection, and I couldn't help but feel bad for him. "I kind of feel for the guy."

"Thank god you moved past that guy. He was going to drag you down so fast. Like Adam 2.0."

"Speaking of Adam, is it bad that I'm terrified to see him again?" I confessed.

Jason flung an arm around my shoulders and gave me an awkward side huge. "Don't worry about Adam, Josh. He won't bother you next week. You'll have me there, and Matt won't let anything ruin his father's big night. Plus, you're going to man up and invite Barry. I highly doubt that Adam will say anything to you when you roll up in there with Barry on your arm. The guy oozes sex appeal."

"You're telling me." I agreed, letting the memory of Barry's body against mine course through me. "He is pretty amazing."

"I just hope he's good to you." Jason told me. "You have been screwed over far too many times. You deserve someone who will treat you like the king of the world."

"I have a really good feeling about him, Jay." I confessed. "I even told my dad about him earlier."

"Wow, that's huge. And how did Mr. CEO take it?"

"Surprisingly well, actually. He even said he was looking forward to meet him on Tuesday."

"So you're actually going to go through with inviting him?"

"I am. I'm going to ask him tonight, I think." I told him. "I just don't want to tell him about it and have him say no. It's a pretty big deal. It'll involve going to the city on a school night, a night surrounded by politicians and trust funds and all those jerks."

"Yeah, but he won't be going to rub elbows with every politician we have ever been involved with, Josh. He'll be going to spend the night with you, and you alone. You think he would honestly say no to a night of hanging out with you? And don't forget, I've seen you in a suit. You clean up well. You think Barry won't want to see you all dressed up? I bet you don't even make it all the way to the city before he wants to rip you out of your clothes and fuck you right there on the train."

I couldn't hold back my laugh. "Okay, definitely wouldn't ever have sex on the train, first of all. Second of all, my father got me a car, so unless he wants to make out with someone watching in the rearview mirror, it still won't happen."

"You're no fun." He pouted. "Matt wouldn't let that bother him. He loves to get busy in whatever black car we take. The luxury of a non-disclosure agreement with all staff." He grinned. "You don't even want to know the things that I have let people witness over the past couple months."

"Gross." I laughed. We had just gotten back to the library, so we once again said goodbye and went our separate ways to our study nooks. Once I was enveloped in my warm little cocoon, I went right back to my paper, a new burst of energy after we got a little fresh air.

By the time I finished my paper and had submitted it, I packed up my stuff and headed over for dinner. It was a little earlier than I usually went, so none of my friends were there. I took the time alone to figure out what the heck I was going to say to Barry to convince him to come with me. I just couldn't imagine why he would want to come to something so pompous. But seeing how everyone seemed to think I was crazy for not asking him, I knew that I should just do it.

Once I got back to my room, I took a shower and changed into some comfortable clothes before I texted Barry to see if he wanted to come over. He answered immediately saying that he was in class until 10, but he would come over after. Just the thought of him coming over made me giddy with joy, regardless of how ridiculous it was. I just finally felt like this was something good, and I couldn't help myself.

Around 10:15, Barry showed up right as expected, holding two cups of ice cream. "Hey." He greeted me as I held the door open for him. "I picked up some ice cream but I wasn't sure what you liked so I got a double chocolate chunk and a coffee oreo. Have a preference?"

"Hmm. Chocolate." I decided as I shut the door. "Come on, make yourself at home. How was class?"

He plopped himself down on the futon and started to dig into the coffee ice cream. "It was okay." He answered around a mouthful. Somehow he managed to make even that look sexy. "It was one of my seminar classes so I really just tried to fly under the radar because I didn't do the reading this weekend and didn't think I could bullshit my way through participation. How was yours?"

"It was good." I settled beside him and took a big bite of the chocolate ice cream, moaning as the flavor exploded in my mouth. "Oh my god, this is amazing."

"Best in New Haven." He grinned. "So I ran into Jason on my way over here."

"Oh yeah? How'd that go?"

"It was fine. He seems like a good guy." He shrugged. "How did you guys become friends? You seem so different."

I scrunched my nose up at that. "Really? I don't think so. We were roommates for three years in high school and we always got along. I just assumed it was because we were so similar. We were both on the swim team together, we had the same interests, we had the same friends. You know, the normal things that make guys close."

"Huh. I don't see it. He's just so quiet and you're...larger than life." He laughed. "Don't get me wrong, he's great, but I think you are very different from him. You're just a little bit more intriguing than he is."

"I guess Jay has always been kind of quiet, but he had a lot of friends at school, more than I probably did. He just tended to keep to himself a lot of the time because he took school and swimming so seriously. And then he took Matt really seriously, and he had no need to be running around making new friends and stuff."

"Was he always out in high school?"

"Naw, Matt kind of broke him out of his shell and hardcore seduced him. Then they kept it a huge secret until it all kind of imploded during finals week. But I really don't want to get into that. It's a pretty dark time in my own past and I really hate reliving those days."

Barry frowned. "Well, what was going on with you? You don't have to tell me if you don't want to. I'm just curious."

I shrugged, hating the feeling in the pit of my stomach whenever I thought about the final weeks of senior year, when my whole life almost blew up, when I almost lost my best friend, when I had my heart broken, when I had the scariest moment of my life, but had to face it alone. "You know, high school drama." I waved it off, not wanting to scare him away with my drama. It was all behind me anyway. "But yeah, Jason is definitely my closest friend. He has seen me through a lot of stuff and after spending so much time in close quarters, we kind of had to be. We graduated with only 40 other guys, so we were all kind of forced to just deal with each other."

"Were you close with Matt too?"

"Not so much. He was on the football team, and we didn't interact so much outside of classes. Different circles of friends. Plus, he was class president sophomore through senior year and always got the luxury rooms and everything, so he wasn't really in with the rest of us. I hung out with the swim guys mostly."
