 Dear Reader,

This is part two of a series of vignettes. Part one has some more background if you're curious. 

This story contains incest, group sex, gay sex (obviously), and some generally kinky stuff. The story is entirely fiction. Reader discretion is advised. 

Enjoy!

Hudson Bartholomew

*****

I'd like to think that I had a fairly normal upbringing. I'm an only child to an upper middle class family with an accountant father and a librarian mother. My parents are caring and loving and reacted to my being gay with about as much drama as finding out that it's cold in December. I still visit them regularly and my mother calls every few days to find out if I'm eating well and whether I've found myself a boyfriend yet. 

Basically, I couldn't ask for a more well adjusted family life. Which is why I never understood the rationale behind this next fantasy. It kind of just came out of nowhere one day as I was riding the subway home from work. It sprung on me so suddenly and so vividly that I had to hold my bag over my crotch while shuffling awkwardly off the train. 

Ever since then, though, this has been my go-to scene whenever I need a quick fix, and it never fails to satisfy.

*****

Private Collection Pt. 02 - My name is Jasper. I am Daddies' Little Boy

In my fantasy, I had two gay dads. Two hot gay dads. Two hot gay dads who had promised me a special gift on my 18th birthday. 

They had been reluctant when I first brought it up. It wasn't right, they argued. I could have anything else but that, they said. But I was adamant, and eventually, they relented. 

Which is how I found myself being ushered into their bedroom on the evening of my 18th birthday. Tomorrow, I'd do a big party thing with my friends, but tonight was reserved for just family. 

My two hot gay dads had a king size bed with smooth satin sheets. I knew because I sometimes snuck into their room when they weren't home and stretched out in the middle of the bed to feel the silky cool slide across my skin. Tonight, the sheets were lavender and steel gray--my favorite set. I wondered if they had done that on purpose. 

I watched as Dad moved around the room, lighting a series of candles that they must have prepared ahead of time. He was a couple of years younger than Papa, blonde haired and blue eyed compared to Papa's darker complexion. 

Both were taller than me, with broad shoulders that tapered down to narrow hips. Age had rounded out the chiseled muscles of their youth, but both were still far more muscular and stronger than my teenaged self. I felt safe and protected when surrounded by them. I also felt small and it turned me on more than any teenage jack off fantasy I had been able to conjure up to date. 

Papa turned on the sound system, which suddenly blasted some loud obnoxious porno beat. I must not have done a good job hiding my shock because Papa burst out laughing and quickly switched the music to a softer, lilting melody. 

"Just kidding," he smirked. 

"Funny," I mumbled with a glare. 

Dad rolled his eyes and came to stand in front of me. He placed his hands on either side of my cheeks, strong fingers wrapped around the back of my neck, and gazed down at me. We studied each other for a moment and I could read the depth of love he had for me in the softness of his eyes. I wondered if my own eyes reflected the intensity of my love for him and Papa. 

I felt Papa move behind me, not close enough to touch me, but close enough for me to feel the heat of his body. His hands fell on my shoulders. 

"Jasper," Dad said gently. "We just want to make sure that this is what you want. We don't have to do this if you don't want to."

Suddenly I wasn't so sure. I mean, I knew I wanted this; I'd been dreaming about it for years. But what if they didn't? My worst fear was that they were just going along with it to make me happy. But I only wanted to go through with the evening if they wanted it as much as I did. 

"I do, but if you don't want to..." I trailed off, not quite sure how to put what I felt into words. 

Dad gave me a gentle smile that sent butterflies fluttering around in my stomach. Then he looked past me to Papa. I followed his gaze and was met by the lewdest grin I'd ever witnessed. I had seen Papa direct that look at Dad millions of times, but I had never dreamed I would be on the receiving end of it. It sent shivers down my spine. 

Together, as if they rehearsed it, both Dad and Papa took a step closer to me, sandwiching me between their hard bodies. My heartbeat immediately spiked and the chubby I'd been sporting all evening turned into a full on erection. I couldn't believe this was actually happening. 

Dad turned my face back to him and slowly leaned down to me. I stood frozen as he brushed a light kiss across my lips. My eyes fluttered shut at the softness of the kiss and I whimpered. Then a second kiss, this time firmer as Dad angled me under him to get better access. 

My hands came up to grasp at his wrists, something to anchor me and to draw him closer. Papa trailed his fingers lightly down my side, causing me to shudder and gasp. Damn him, he knew I was ticklish. Dad took the opportunity to dip his tongue into my mouth with teasing little swipes. I opened up wider, trying to catch his tongue with my own. He tasted sweet, like the chocolate cake we had earlier for dessert. I wanted more. 

While I was preoccupied with Dad's tongue, Papa started nibbling at my exposed neck. He licked and kissed up and down, tracing the outline of my ear then working my earlobe between his teeth. He must had discovered an erogenous zone, because every nibble caused my dick to jump and his stubble was made my skin tingle. My hips were bucking involuntarily, looking for friction. 

What I found was Dad's cock, equally hard and digging into my stomach. He dropped a hand to my hip to press me closer. Papa followed me forward with a hand on my other hip, rubbing his cock into the crevice of my ass. My mind was spinning at the feeling of their hard bodies and hard cocks pressed up against me. I pulled away from Dad's incredible mouth just to catch my breathe and savor the feeling. 

I didn't get a chance to catch my breath, though, because Papa turned my head and wasted no time plunging his tongue deep into my mouth, seeking out every hidden corner until I was lightheaded from lack of air. I reached up and buried my fingers into Papa's hair. I'd always loved playing with Papa's hair; it was thick and soft and I loved the way it slid between my fingers. 

Hands were sneaking underneath the hem of my shirt, burning a trail of fire up my torso. Dad was bent over, using his mouth to taste every inch of my skin. His tongue dipped into my belly button making me squirm and break away from Papa. I wrapped one arm around Dad's head and the other hand reached down across his wide shoulders. Papa latched onto that spot behind my ear again and I whimpered as he sent shivers down my body. 

Dad was working his way up until his lips latched onto a nipple, his tongue flicking at the swollen bud. I clung onto him desperately, my nerve endings firing with all these new sensations, hot mouths, scratchy stubble, and strong hands coming at me from all directions. 

Someone's fingers were working at the buttons of my jeans but I was beyond able to figure out who they belonged to. Pop, pop, pop. My heart jumped as each button came undone. Then a hand sneaked into my pants and grasped firmly at my erection. I arched forward into the caress, afraid that I might cum in my underwear. 

My head was resting on Papa's shoulder and I turned slightly nuzzle at his neck. Papa's neck was sexy as hell; it was strong and thick and I always found myself staring that that little hollow at the base. Now so close, I pressed my lips against the soft skin and was rewarded by his sharp intake of breath. My tongue lapped at that hollow, tasting the spiciness of his skin. It was intoxicating. I could easily get addicted to that. 

Dad's lips had switched nipples and he pinched the one he had left. The pain shot straight to my cock and I bucked into the hand still groping at my erection. Papa pulled me away from his neck and brought me back to his mouth. I was bolder this time, pressing my tongue forward to explore the same way he had before. 

My jeans were being pushed down my legs. A firm hand grasped at my calf, encouraging me to step out of the pant legs one at a time. Dad stripped off my socks, too, before kissing and caressing his way up my legs. When he got to the top of my thighs, he stopped and breathed heavily on my erection. Both Papa and I gazed down at him on his knees. I probably had a dazed look about me; I hoped Papa did, too. 

Dad's eyes swept up my body, leaving a trail of goose bumps on my skin until he met my gaze. There was a look in his eyes, one that I had never seen before. He looked like a predator, ready to pounce, and I was his prey with no chance of escape. It didn't help that Papa had his arms wrapped around me, pulling me back against his body, chest molded to my back and his erection nestled into my ass crack. If there had been any question of escape before, there certainly wasn't now. 

Dad held my gaze as he bent his head. His tongue snuck out and he licked the length of my cock through the underwear from my balls to the head. When he got to the top, his lips closed around the wet spot that was growing on the cotton material and he sucked--hard. The heat and pressure of his mouth, even through the barrier of my underwear, was searing. My head fell back against Papa's shoulder with a cry, as I tensed from the intensity of sensations flooding through my system. 

"Shh, shh," Papa cooed into my ear. "Just breath." Hands were caressing me gently, running up and down my torso and legs. 

Dad was nuzzled my crotch, rubbing his face against my sensitive cock. Then he was planting gentle kisses across my pelvis and his finger hooked over the elastic waist of my briefs. 

I watched as Dad slowly lifted the elastic away from my body and down around my cock before letting the briefs drop to the floor. I forgot to breath again when he leaned forward and placed a light kiss on the head of my cock. It was gentle this time, and my cock lurched forward to maintain contact. 

But he backed away and Papa started pushing me forward, positioning me in front of their dresser. Dad had shuffled between me and the drawers, still on his knees while Papa placed both my hands on the top. 

"Hold on tight," Papa whispered in my ear before sinking to his knees behind me. 

I looked down at Dad in confusion until his hands on my knees encouraged me to widen my stance. Realization dawn as I felt Papa's hand kneading my ass checks. 

"Oh god. Oh god!" My whimper turned into a cry as they attacked me from both sides. 

I watched as Dad wrapped his large hand around my leaking cock, took a quick lick of the slit to pick up precum, then promptly lowered his hot wet mouth down my shaft. It was like he inhaled my cock because in a few seconds his nose was pressed against my pelvis bone. The head of my cock had slipped into his constricting throat and the heat radiated up and over my entire body. 

At the same time, Papa had pried open my ass cheeks and stuck his face in. I could feel Papa's stubble scrape against the delicate skin and his probing tongue swirling around my hole, pushing against the muscle, seeking entrance. I forced myself to relax around his insistent prying until I felt myself opening up to his invasion. Papa's tongue was inside of my ass, Papa's tongue was in my ass, my breath hitched as the thought ran through my head.

My knuckles were white on top of the dresser. I was gasping for breath and I couldn't decide whether to push my hips forward to bury myself more deeply into Dad's mouth, or backward to get more of Papa's tongue inside my ass. Their hands guided me until I was tilting forward and back, fucking Dad's mouth, and fucking myself on Papa's tongue. 

The dual assault was too much for my 18 year old body; I tried to hold off for as long as I could, but the sensations were overwhelming. My balls drew up tight as I felt them churn and before I could call out I warning, I shot my load into Dad's mouth. My ass clamping down on Papa's tongue that was still twisting and turning, drawing out my orgasm as Dad sucked me dry. 

I almost collapsed to the floor, head spinning from the intensity of the orgasm, but was held upright solely by my dads' strong arms. They both stood and Papa leaned over my shoulder to give Dad a deep probing kiss. I wondered if he could taste my cum in Dad's tongue, the thought sent at a shudder through my still weak body. 

"Delicious," Papa growled as he pulled back a fraction. Then I realized that the whole point of this kiss because Papa had wanted a taste. The thought made me woozy and I leaned my head on Dad's shoulder to catch my breath. 

"Come here, Jasper," Dad whispered, pulling my head forward until the three of us were pressed face to face to face. Our noses were mashed together, mouths open and tongue tangling together in a messy three-way kiss. 

Dad chuckled as he leaned his forehead against mine. 

"Hm, that worked better in my head," he smiled. 

It suddenly dawned on me that both my dads were still fully clothed while I was completely naked. 

"You still have your clothes on," I said with a frown.

"Why don't you do something about that?" Papa replied. 

I thought that was an excellent idea, so I got to work unbuttoning Dad's shirt. My hands were trembling, but I was determined, focusing on slipping each button out of its hole and revealing an extra inch of skin. 

Dad has a layer of downy soft blonde hairs covering his entire chest, so light that you can barely see it. But you could feel it; it was like petting some cute, furry little creature. I ran my fingers through the hairs, feeling the hot skin underneath. Dad was starting to breath heavy, eyes lidded and mouth parted. I pushed his shirt over his wide shoulders and down his muscular arms, arms that held me up tonight and during all my 18 years on the planet. 

I planted a kiss on his bicep, marveling at the ripple of muscle under my lips. My tongue sneaked out to taste his salty skin and I gently took a mouthful in between my teeth and sucked. 

"Oh, Jasper," Dad sighed. 

"My turn," Papa pulled me toward him. 

Papa was easier to undress. I just slipped my hands under the hem of his shirt and ran them up his body, lifting the shirt in the process. My hands ran over curly, wiry hairs that trailed down the middle of his abdomen and over the small patch right on his sternum, then cup his smooth pecs, his nipples hardening under my palms. 

Papa pulled his shirt over his head and I bent down to take one of his nipples in my mouth. They were a dark brown against Papa's already tanned skin. Papa tasted salty, and I trailed my tongue down across his chest, chasing that salty spicy taste of him. I lapped at the curls on his sternum then planted an open mouth kiss, drawing patterns in the hair with my tongue. 

"Shit," Papa swore and drew in a gasping breath. "Where did you learn this stuff?"

I smiled up at him with a knowing look. 

"Probably the same place you learn all your tricks," Dad replied for me. 

"I think I need to update my stash," Papa said. 

"Who has stashes these days?" Dad said. "You've got to keep up with the times. Kids just stream that stuff online now."

"I can show you if you want," I offered with a grin. 

"Some other time. Right now, you have more important things to do."

Papa took my hands and led them to the front of his pants. 

I pulled at his belt and unclasped the buckle, then slipped my fingers inside the waistband as I was unbuttoning his pants. Papa gasped and sucked his stomach at the touch. 

"Ticklish?" I teased. 

Papa just glared at me. 

"Just take my pants off."

I slowly pulled at the zipper, nuzzling my nose against the exposed bulge and breathing in that spicy scent. When I breathed out, Papa's hand found its way behind my head and gently pressed my face more firmly against his engorged cock. 

My senses were filled with Papa and I opened my mouth to take mouthfuls of him through the cotton of his briefs. My hands were on Papa's ass, pulling him closer so I could bury my face deeper into his crotch. This was unbelievable, I could never have imagined how addicting it was to be pressed nose to cock against Papa. I don't think I could ever get enough of it. But I knew there was more. 

I pulled away slightly so I could push Papa's pants and underwear off. Glancing up, I saw Papa and Dad in a deep tonsil wrestling kiss. Obviously, I'd seen them kiss a million times before, but never like this. Never like they couldn't get enough of each other, like they were about to inhale each other's tongues. 

My cock was hard again at the sight, and Papa's cock was hard right in front of my eyes. I wrapped my fingers experimentally around it, marveling at the veins that ran up the length. The swollen head was a shade darker than the shaft, and a bead of pre-cum was forming at the tip. I snuck my tongue out to lick at it and suddenly my mouth exploded in the salty flavor of Papa. 

I wanted more, so I put the head into my mouth, swirling my tongue around to taste every inch of the smooth skin. Papa was groaning above me, his hands tighten in my hair, but he didn't push himself onto me. 

Slowly, I took more of him into my mouth, one inch at the time, loving the feeling of my jaw stretched wide, the heftiness of his cock weighing on my tongue. When he hit the back of my throat, I started pulling back, not quite ready to try deep throating just yet. But I did leave a coating of spit that was convenient for sliding my hand up and down the rigid shaft. 

"Oh, god, Jasper," Papa breathed above me. 

Encouraged by his response, I continued to jack him while bending my head to take one of his smooth hairless balls in my mouth. My tongue ran over the orb, massaging it inside my mouth, as my nose was pressed up against the base of his cock. I took deep breaths, each one stronger than any drug I could get my teenaged hands on. 

After subjecting the other ball to the same treatment, I went back to Papa's cock, lapping at more of that pre-cum, letting it spread over the surface of my tongue. It tasted so good, I couldn't help but moan, causing Papa to tilt his hips involuntarily and push his cock deeper in to my mouth. 

I could feel Papa breathing heavily, and the knowledge that I was doing that to him was the ultimate confidence booster. I bobbed up and down a few times, using my hand on the portion I couldn't take into my mouth. The steady rhythm was soothing, like there was a gentle simmer in the pit of my stomach warming my entire body. I could go on like this forever, I realized. 

Then suddenly Papa was pulling me off him and I whimpered in protest until I saw Dad's hard cock next to me, waiting to be serviced. I had been so caught up in blowing Papa that I hadn't even noticed Dad removing the rest of his clothes. 

I marveled at the difference between Papa and Dad. Papa was longer than Dad, but Dad was thicker. A lot thicker. Plus, Dad had his pubic hair trimmed short whereas Papa had gone all the way and shaved. The most fascinating thing though, was Dad's foreskin, which was absent on Papa's cock. At the moment, the foreskin was retracted, so that his huge pink head could stand out proud, but I couldn't help but pull it back and forth experimentally, eliciting a gasp from Dad. 

Now I had a cock in each hand, belonging to each of my dads, both hard and heavy under my fingers. This really was the best birthday present I could have ever asked for. 

I put my mouth over Dad's cock, learning the texture of the skin with my tongue. I pushed myself down on Dad's cock, using my lips to push the foreskin back until the head was exposed again. Dad was so thick, I couldn't get down very far before my jaw was stretched to the limit. Pulling back slightly, I began jacking Dad the way I had with Papa and quickly realized that I didn't need as much spit to make for a smooth, slick slide up and down. 
