 Despite my best efforts, thoughts of what I wanted to do to Michael kept clouding my mind. Maybe coming up with that fantasy about him hadn't been the best idea. Instead of clearing my head, now I was wishing even more that it would happen in reality.

But the pressure was on with our project and I forced myself to focus on the job at hand. The next four days of the convention were really intense. It wasn't easy because the others all knew each other and had worked together in this type of situation before, and I was still the new guy in the group.

Somehow the rest of the week went by without any disasters. On Saturday evening Michael came into our temporary headquarters and got everyone's attention.

"You've all done an amazing job and everything's come together. This was a hell of a rush job and I'm really proud of you all for pulling it off."

"Everything is running smoothly now and as you know we'll just be closing out tomorrow. So you're all done for the night and I'm taking everyone out for a beer right now so we can celebrate and get of this hotel for awhile."

I stretched in my seat, happy to be free. But I wasn't too excited about going out drinking. We'd been working practically non-stop the entire time we had been here and I could have done with getting some sleep instead. I filed out after everyone else and then turned away to head up to my room. A firm hand on my arm stopped me and I looked back to see it belonged to Michael.

"Where do you think you're going?" he asked, giving me that smile of his that always made me want to get down on my knees and take his cock in my mouth.

"I just want to get some sleep," I said, feeling slightly pathetic as I heard my words out loud.

"One drink with the team. It's mandatory. Then you can do whatever you want."

He hadn't let go of my arm since he'd first wrapped his hand around it. I looked into his eyes for a fraction of a second longer than I should have.

"Sure," I said, trying not to wish he would twist my arm around, shove me up against the wall and fuck me right there in the hallway.

He winked at me as if somehow he could tell what I was thinking. My face burned as I followed him outside.

We caught up to the others as they headed into a bar just up the street. The eight of us got a long table but Michael got cornered by a tech with a question so we ended up sitting pretty much as far away from each other as possible.

We had all been stuck in the hotel since we had arrived in Dallas and everyone was relieved to have the chance at some fun. Even I got into it. The beer flowed non-stop until Michael called for the bill around midnight. 

We staggered back and split up as everyone made their way to their own rooms. When the elevator closed after the last of my coworkers had gotten out, I found myself alone with Michael.

"Alex, I need to talk to you about something."

My beer buzz faded at his tone. "Is it the LAN? Because I worked out the bugs last night, and it's been running really well since then."

He shook his head at me, frowning. "Let's discuss it in back in your room."

Shit. I tried to think of any way I might have slipped up and missed something critical, but I was too drunk to think fast.

My hand shook slightly as I unlocked the door to my room. Michael was standing right next to me and I hoped he didn't notice. In spite of the circumstances I felt my cock react to his closeness to me. 

"Drink?" I offered, going straight to the mini bar. I was hoping he would say yes, since I sure needed one myself. 

I nearly jumped when I felt a hand brush against my ass. My eyes widened as I turned to face him. Was that accidental, or did he do it on purpose? He grinned at me.

"Alex, I've seen the way you look at me, or rather the way you're always checking out my crotch." He stepped right up to me as he spoke. I didn't back away. "See anything you want there?"

I took a breath to speak but no sounds left my mouth. All of my thoughts were colliding. Was my imagination working overtime, or did he just say what I was hoping he did? From his expression, I knew I hadn't made it up. Indecision kept me silent. I wanted him so much, but he was my boss. If I went for it, would everything get fucked up badly?

I wasn't sure how long I had hesitated but Michael stepped back. 

"If I've misread you, I'm sorry," he said. Watching him turn away, I instinctively I reached out and grabbed for his hand. He stopped.

"No. Don't go." I stepped closer to him and tentatively raised my other hand to his chest. My heart was pounding and my legs nearly buckled when he put his arms around my waist and kissed me.

He forced his tongue into my mouth and I didn't resist. As he pulled me even tighter to him, I could feel his huge erection through the thin fabric of his dress pants. I rocked my hips, rubbing my straining cock against his. 

He slid his hand between us and felt for my balls, fondling them for a wonderful moment before he moved in further to rub around behind them. I spread my legs wider to give him better access and to let him know he could have me any way he wanted me. 

I started to unbutton his shirt, taking the opportunity to feel his nearly hairless chest as I did. His nipples were hard and I ran my fingers over them. Even when he started to steer me backwards I couldn't stop touching him. 

When I felt the edge of the bed against my leg it was like a trance had been broken. He tore at my clothes urgently and I did the same to him. I was desperate to see him naked, to feel his warm skin against mine. 

He was even hotter than I had imagined. His clothes hadn't ever done much to suggest what was underneath. He clearly worked out and man, did it have an effect. There wasn't an ounce of fat on him and his muscles were perfect, not overdone but super defined. His chest looked like it had been sculpted by an artist. 

I dropped to my knees, determined to act out the fantasy I had jacked off to every night I'd spent in this room. 

He pulled his underwear down over his hips and his cock sprang out, nearly hitting me in the face. It was as sexy as the rest of him. At least 8 inches long, cut and standing straight out in front of him, it pointed right at my mouth. 

I had to worship his cock. My hands flew behind him so I could pull him closer. His cock throbbed as I gripped its base and touched the tip with my tongue. I worked and nibbled at the head and ran my tongue lightly up and down the shaft. 

After a few minutes of that treatment he pushed his hips forward insistently. I knew what he wanted and if it was possible I wanted it even more than he did. I opened up and swallowed his saliva-coated cock. As I inched more and more of it inside, I nearly exploded myself just from the feeling of his raging hard-on sliding against my tongue.

I worked him with every skill and technique I had. I've been told I'm a natural cocksucker and from his moans I think it was true. Soon he was thrusting his hips so his impressive cock was slowly fucking my face. He put a hand on the back my head.

"If you keep that up, I'm going to come," he said, and I placed my hands firmly onto his ass so he wouldn't pull away. At that he groaned loudly and shot a huge, hot load into my mouth. It was more than I was expecting and I struggled not to lose a drop. His cock pulsed and he didn't stop coming. When he took a step back and away from me, I licked my lips to make sure I had all of it. 

By now I was so aroused I couldn't wait. My cock ached in my wet underwear and I moved my hand to it, but Michael took hold of my arm. He helped me up from the floor and pushed me back onto the bed, positioning himself so his head was right by my eager erection. That gave me a nice view of his softening cock. I couldn't help but fondle his balls until he got my attention by taking half of my cock into his mouth at once. 

He clearly knew what he was doing as he got me very close to coming with some intense sucking, and then backed off to tease me with some agonizingly light licks. I don't know how many times he brought me right to the edge and then pulled back. I was moaning so loudly I figured the whole building could hear me, but I couldn't have cared less.

I started shaking with lust and I think he knew I couldn't stand much more. He took my cock into his mouth and bobbed his head rapidly. It only took a few seconds before I lost all control.

"Oh, fuck, yeah, I'm coming," I cried out, and he kept my cock in his mouth as I came harder than I could ever remember, right down his throat. It was one of the most intense orgasms I had ever had.

When I was spent he climbed on top of me and kissed me. The feeling of his strong body pressing into mine was awesome, our cocks touching for the first time, his tongue exploring my mouth again. I could have stayed that way all night, but eventually he rolled off me.

"Wow," was all I could think of to say, and he laughed. He ran his thumb over one of my nipples and then sat up. 

"I'd better go. I still have a few things left to take care of tonight."

I stayed silent as I watched him pull his clothes on in the dim light of the room, trying to memorize every part of his body before he covered it all up.

He turned back to me. "I'll see you tomorrow." 

"Yeah," I said, squeezing my eyes closed as the door clicked shut behind him.