 The next few weeks Nathan went back to normal. Wake up, Work, Wank, Sleep. Almost forgetting about his encounter with Ryan. It wasn't until a month later that his urges to lock up his cock would come back.

He started to remember Nathan and his offer. "He did say I didn't have to show my face" he thought to himself trying to ease his shyness. He pulled open his laptop and searched online for teasing and edging videos. He tried to find one with Ryan or Jack in it, but he couldn't recognise them in any. Nathan then started watching other clips of guys getting tied to chairs, their legs and arms bound, while being edged for hours. He finally ended up watching a video of guys being let out of their chastity cage for a clean, then locked up with no release.

Nathan had another wank to relief himself, but this time his desire to be locked didn't go away. He was too curious about what Ryan and Jack would do to him. He could only image different types of play he would encounter, and knew what he must do. He got showered, dressed, and headed back to the sex shop.

This time he went straight in with no hesitation.

"So he's alive then!" said a voice from the counter. It was Ryan, clearly excited to see him again.

"Hi, yeah" replied Nathan. "I guess I've been thinking a lot about..."

"Listen, I have to work for a few more hours. Why don't you come over to our place tonight, say around eight o'clock"

"Sure" said Nathan with a nod, glad Ryan was still interested.

Ryan wrote down his phone number and address on a piece of paper and handed it to Nathan, then left to help a customer. Nathan left his number on the counter then walked to the door.

Nathan left the shop with a smile on his face, this time he wouldn't let his nervousness prevent him from finally living out his fantasy.

Nathan arrived home and ate with his flatmates. They watched the TV while he went to his room to get ready. He pulled out his chastity device from under his bed and locked up his cock. He put on his leather briefs, some loose tracksuit bottoms and a t-shirt then headed out the front door. Luckily Ryan's house was only a short walk away, so he was there in no time at all.

He arrived at a large detached building, protected by a large gate with a buzzer. He rang it and waited for a reply. "Hi Nathan, come on in" said Jack through the intercom.

The gate opened automatically and Nathan slowly approached the front door.

Jack opened the door and greeted him. "Great to see you again, I thought we scared you off for good. Changed your mind then?"

"Well, I thought it was time to be a bit more adventurous" replied Nathan.

Jack invited him in and brought him to the kitchen. "Would you like a drink, or anything to eat?" he offered.

Nathan declined but noticed a light coming from the basement door. "Oh, seriously, are you going to kidnap me and lock me in your basement." he joked nervously, while he thought about a kidnapping fantasy he always had.

"No, of course not. We have our own gear in the basement, as it gives a good atmosphere and can be hidden from guests who don't know about our kinks. Want to have a look?" asked Jack while opening the basement door and walking down the stairs.

Nathan followed, his heart racing and mind filling with every fantasy he ever had. "Where's Ryan?" he asked as he reached the last step.

"He's just finishing up at the shop and will be here soon. He asked me to set everything up so we're ready when he gets here." answered Jack.

The basement was massive and spanned the entire of the house's ground floor. There was a couple of rooms with closed doors, and in the middle of the basement, a bed, camera stand, wooden chair with no seat and hooks attached to the floor. Along the walls were bookshelves with different ropes, handcuffs, dildo's, buttplugs and many more devices. His eye caught the attention of what looked like a full steel chastity belt which he had only ever seen online.

"So I'm guessing you haven't seen any of our videos before?" Jack asked. "We do a variety of shots, but was thinking to ease you in gently, we could tie you up and tease you? Maybe a bit of tickling and edge play?"

"Oh, sure, that sounds interesting I guess. You'll film the whole thing?" he asked nervously.

"I wouldn't worry about showing your face, but if you are worried you can wear a head mask or we can blur your face." explained Jack.

"What masks do you have?" he asked.

Jack walked to the shelves and took down a leather hood. It was black and had only two small holes for the nose to breath.

"This would cover your face, and add a bit of suspense. Would you like to try it on?"

Nathan took the hood and pulled it over his face. Jack helped him tie the strings on the back. Unable to see a thing he felt thrilled and a little scared. But that was all part of the excitement.

"Should we take your clothes off then" asked Jack.

Nathan agreed and pulled his t-shirt up over his head. The hood stayed on firmly in place. 

Jack enjoyed seeing Nathan shirtless for the first time. Ryan had explained how good he looked, but it wasn't the same as seeing it for himself.

Nathan continued to remove his shoes and socks, which was harder than usual considering that he couldn't see. Next he removed his pants and stood in front of Jack, nervous and wearing only his leather briefs, and of course his chastity device.

"So we use the safe word Red. If things get too intense then just shout out Red or shake your head from side to side and we'll stop" explained Jack.

Nathan was feeling a bit more at ease, considering that he was almost naked in some stranger's basement. He felt Jack's hand on his shoulder.

"I'll just guide you over to the chair" he said leading Nathan by his shoulders over to the wooden chair in front of the camera. Nathan sat down and listened to Jack's movements, trying to hear what he was doing.

Jack installed an attachment to the top of the chair and to the bottom. Some wooden stocks that would hold Nathans wrists and ankles. He then gently placed Nathan's feet through the wooden stocks at the bottom and his hands through the ones at the top. With a click he locked them into place, leaving Nathan helpless and unable to move.

"Oh, I should have removed the leather briefs" said Nathan thinking about how he wouldn't be able to remove them while he was locked in the stocks.

Jack dismissed him as he heard someone come down the stairs.

"Hi Jack, and I presume this is Nathan" said Ryan as he walked off the final step. "I see you've been introduced to our dungeon." he said.

"Hi" Nathan muttered through the mask, feeling increasingly vulnerable. "You have so many toys in here."

Jack turned the camera on and faced it towards Nathan, filming his exposed body tied on the wooden chair. His hands held firmly above his head, and feet exposed directly in front of the camera.

Nathan wasn't sure what was happening, but with his heart still racing and adrenalin pumping, he was enjoying every moment. Suddenly he felt something tickle the inside of his leg. He jumped, but couldn't move properly. Ryan was lightly stroking up one leg and down the other, gently using the back of his fingers.

This was the first time Nathan had ever been touched in a somewhat sexual way by another person. He felt like his dreams were finally coming true. He was proud of himself for overcoming his fears, and could feel the blood rushing to his cock. But before he could get even moderately erect his cock filled it's prison blocking any further erection.

The more Ryan touched his leg, the more blood that flowed to his cock. He could feel his cock pulsing and attempting to get hard.

Ryan moved his hands up to Nathan's torso. He massaged over his breasts, then used his finger to gently tickle his nipple. Nathan laughed. He felt a small amount of precum leave his dick. Ryan ran his fingernails down from Nathan's torso, over his briefs and back down over his leg. He continued past his heels, and over the soles of his feet. Nathan struggled, trying to move his feet away but he couldn't move. Ryan continued to tickle the soles of his feet making him flinch. Even though he tried to pull away, Nathan was stuck in the stocks unable to move.

Nathan unable to see a thing, kept flinching, not knowing where he was going to be touched next. Ryan started his hands back on Nathan's stomach and moved over to his sides. Nathan let out a laugh, and eventually a scream as he was tickled harder and harder. Ryan's hands kept moving up, to under Nathan's arms.

Nathan felt a bit more precum leave his cock. "Please can you remove the cage" Nathan begged, starting to feel the real urge to have his cock stroked.

But no one spoke. All Nathan felt was Ryan's hand touch him again, running over his briefs and down his leg. Over his toes, then the soles of his feet. Tickling him harder than before this time.

This went on for ten minutes. Nathan thought about using the safe word a few times as he was laughing and screaming so much. He was in pain from the tickling and chastity belt. But he was strong, and decided to just see it through to show Ryan and Jack he wasn't a wimp.

Finally the tickling stopped and Nathan could catch his breath. He could feel the wet precum leaking inside his leather briefs. His cock exhausted from trying to get hard.

Jack turned the camera off and removed the hood from Nathan's head.

It took a few minutes for his eyes to adjust to the light. Finally he could see. He saw Jack downloading the camera to his computer.

"So did you have fun" asked Ryan.

"Um, yeah that was hot but I thought we were going to do some edging too. My dick really needs to cum though. I can feel so much precum down there." replied Nathan.

"Yeah I'm sure" laughed Ryan. "So we'd love to do this again, maybe something a bit different next time. Do you think you'd be up for it?"

Nathan could only think of the word yes, since his mind was solely on getting his cock out of the device and into Ryans hands. He felt like his balls would explode any minute if he couldn't release the cum built up inside them.

"Yes, we have to do more" replied Nathan.

"Okay well if you'd like to play again we have a proposition for you. Leave the keys to your chastity cage here with us. You can come over tomorrow and we can have some more fun." proposed Ryan.

"Yeah and I'll be here all day if you would like to hang out here until Ryan finishes work" added Jack.

"Oh I'd love to but I don't think I could last another day. My cock will explode." explained Nathan, attempting to pull his hands and feet out of the stocks. "Plus I have to work tomorrow, but I want to see you guys again. Can you just let me cum now then I'll let you keep the keys."

Ryan and Jack looked at each other for a few seconds, then Ryan said "No, sorry. Our offer is we keep the keys for another day, then you can come back and play with us again. Or we can let you have the keys now and go our separate ways."

Nathan was torn. There was no way he could go another day without cumming, but he was finally living out his fantasy. He thought for a few minutes about what to do.

"The keys are in my pants" said Nathan with a sigh.

"No they're not" winked Ryan as he unlocked the stocks imprisoning Nathan.

Nathan stood up and stretched. His hands instantly went to touch his cock. He shook and rubbed to try and get some sensation, but his cock had no room for movement inside the small cage. His balls, filled with cum, would have to wait another day for release.

"Can you send me the video, I'd love to see it." asked Nathan.

"It'll be uploaded to adult tube tonight, but it's not going to be good for you watching that. It'll just make your dick try and get hard. You won't be able to do anything about it" teased Jack. "Our profile name is TeaseMaster and the video will be uploaded shortly."

Nathan got dressed and thanked Ryan and Jack, again saying how he had fun but wished he could cum. They showed him out of the house and Nathan walked back to his home, hornier than he had ever been.

When home, he went straight to his room and pulled off his briefs. Sure enough his precum had gone everywhere. All over the briefs and his cage. He jumped into the showed, and turned on the cold tap. Finally his cock shrank and stopped throbbing in the cage.

He aimed the shower head up and around the chastity device to give it a clean, then dried himself and went to bed naked, wearing nothing but his cage.

He had no idea how he would sleep that night, or how he would function in work being this horny. All he could do was dream of Ryan and Jack playing out his fantasies.