 Nathan woke up and as usual, removed his t-shirt and briefs then made his way to the bathroom. On his knees, he waited for Kevin to arrive to prepare him for the day.

Kevin was frequently late, and today was no exception. Nathan waited patiently for twenty minutes until Kevin finally opened the door and with his phone angled to take a picture.

"Smile for your employee of the month photo," laughed Kevin while taking the picture. "So I'm sure you've been counting days, and know as of last night the belt gave us full access to the control panel again."

Of course, Nathan knew this and had been watching the calendar daily wishing for the day he could release the built up cum from his ball sack. Nevertheless, even if he had not, the viewers of his daily web show were almost as excited as he was to finally see what the chastity belt kept protected.

"Maybe today you will remove the belt?" asked Nathan.

"That depends," said Kevin gesturing for him to stand up. He reached for some shaving foam and lathered it on Nathans' chest, as he stepped into the shower. He made sure to gently remove any stubble that had grown from the last shave a couple of days ago, leaving him smooth and hairless everywhere that was accessible.

Kevin helped Nathan to get showed, dried and dressed before they said goodbye to Jeff and drove to Ryan and Jacks for work. Once at their house, Nathan stripped and got into position in the basement for his next show.

Instantly he was greeted with comments such as.

"You must be excited?"

"Ready for the big day?"

"You must be ready to explode!"

Nathan was excited and hopeful that he would be allowed to cum today. After two months of frustration, he could think of nothing more than finally shaking the endless frustration that weighed his balls down.

Ryan stripped down to his briefs off camera and got changed into some rubber domination gear. The rubber t-shirt covered his chest and arms, while the pants covered his legs and waist with zipper for convenient access to his cock.

Once dressed he climbed onto the bed to join Nathan and waited for the requests to come through. The viewers started off commanding Nathan to lick the rubber suit. As instructed, he slid his tongue over the t-shirt, down and eventually over his groin.

After half an hour of teasing the viewers finally agreed to let Nathan unzip Ryans pants and lick his cock. Trained to only do what he was told, Nathan resisted the urge to put Ryans erecting cock into his mouth. Instead, he kept his tongue wet and licked the base and head repeatedly. 

After another hour of requests, Nathan was allowed to insert Ryans cock into his mouth. He loved the taste and feeling of a cock being thrust into his mouth, touching on the back of his throat. The viewers let Ryan get to orgasm several times, but kept him from orgasm.

Jack, while watching the show, opened the laptop and started a new poll. Once finished Nathan saw a new message appear on the monitor.

"Nathan's chastity belt can be removed today. What should we do?

Option 1: Keep the belt on, and lock him for another month

Option 2: Remove the belt, and massage his prostate without touching his cock

Option 3: Remove the belt and let him jerk off

Option 4: Remove the belt and give him a blowjob, but lock the belt on before his cums

Option 5: Remove the belt and give him a blowjob letting him cum over his chest."

Reading the monitor almost made some blood rush to his cock, as he started to think about the pleasure his cock could receive. But he kept the erection down knowing the electric shock was still active.

The votes slowly started to come in, quite balanced giving Nathan and the guys no indication of how (of at all) he would be allowed release. Ryan and Nathan performed a few more requests while the viewers were given an hour to vote. After almost an hour a countdown appeared on the screen giving one final minute to change the votes, that was still equal.

At the last minute, a final vote was cast revealing changing the final decision.

It had been decided. The viewers had voted for option 2. Nathan would be allowed a prostate massage but no contact with his cock.

Nathan was both disappointed but also relieved. He was scared option 1 would have forced him back in the belt for another month. While he wanted a proper orgasm, he would settle for any form of release, even from his ass.

Ryan left the bed and grabbed a metal bondage rack from the corner of the basement, then placed it on the bed. He instructed Nathan to get on all fours. Where his hands lay, were a couple of metal circles which would lock his wrists. The same at his feet. Ryan locked him onto the rack and called over the Jack "we're ready now". 

Within a few seconds of Jack typing into the laptop, he heard a click from the chastity belt. Ryan reached over and removed the tube encasing Nathans penis, then the best that wrapped around his waist.

Nathan moaned as his cock and balls were able to dangle free in the air, but still without any sign of an erection. Only a small drop of precum leaked from his flaccid cock.

"Since Nathan can't get erect, I better show you what a thick cock looks like," said Ryan. He unzipped his pants again in front of Nathan, who was bent over and locked in the bondage rack. He stepped over to the side of the bed and inserted the head of his penis into Nathans' mouth.

As Ryan thrust into his mouth, Nathans body moved back and forward forcing his cock and balls to dangle from side to side.

Almost ready to cum, Ryan pulled out and caught his breath. He then walked around to the other side of the bed, picking up a dildo looking object along the way. He showed a thin tube to the camera that on one end had a bulge shaped like an egg and a switch on the other.

Ryan squirted a small drop of lube onto the bulged end and massaged it in before slowly inserting it into Nathans ass hole.

As soon as it entered, Nathan let out a sign. "Aww yeah, please" he called out.

"I think he likes it," said Ryan towards the camera. The viewer's replies echoed what he said.

He pushed the massager further into Nathans ass. He navigated the bulge down, applying some pressure to his prostate. This led to the drop of precum from Nathan's cock increasing in size.

Once in position, Ryan then stroked back and forward along Nathans prostate, causing him to moan in pleasure several times.

"Oh fuck, yeah, please keep going," said Nathan.

"Stop his talking." said one of the viewers

"Gag him, Ryan," said another.

Jack threw a ball gag over to Ryan, who picked it up and fixed it onto Nathans' head. Now unable to speak, all Nathan could do was moan.

After several minutes of rocking the massager back and forward, there was now a thick line of cum hanging from the head of Nathans cock to the bed sheets. Ryan then turned the switch on, which sent a pulsating vibration to the egg-shaped bulge on the massager. Of course, this made Nathan moan out louder and more cum slowly oozed from his cock.

With his hands now free, Ryan reached under Nathan, and massaged his balls gently, being careful not to touch his cock in the slightest. Nathan started to shake his body, feeling like a weight was being lifted from his testicles.

Ryan continued to slowly rub Nathans balls while the massager vibrated on his prostate. Slowly Nathans cock began to erect, almost nervously. In his mind, Nathan was still expecting an electric shock, but instead, his cock was free to expand.

"This is far too hot," said Ryan feeling the need to cum himself. He walked back over to Nathans' face and removed the ball gag. Without giving Nathan time to speak, he inserted his cock and started to thrust.

For five minutes Nathan pleasured Ryan, while his own prostate was being slowly massaged.

"Yeah, I bet you wish you could thrust like me," said Ryan who noticed Nathans cock failing to thrust into the empty air that surrounded his genitals. "I'm going to cum, I'm cumming, fuck," said Ryan as he erupted into Nathans' mouth.

Several firm shots hit Nathans tongue, back of his mouth and throat. Without letting a drop escape, Nathan swallowed the lot, moaning himself as remembered what it felt like to have an erection.

Ryan wiped his cock on Nathans' face, then zipped his pants back up. He peered down at Nathans cock, which was entirely erect just in time to see a thick release of cum gently ooze out of Nathans cock.

Nathan gasped the cum left his balls. Even though his testicles now felt lighter his erection stayed firmly in place.

Ryan used his fingers to scoop up the cum and fed it into Nathans' mouth. Again he was careful not to tough Nathans cock.

"How does that feel?" asked Ryan.

"So good, please can you rub my cock, just a little" begged Nathan.

"You know I can't unless the viewers say it's okay," said Ryan. "But the show's now over, so we're not accepting any more requests. Thanks everyone for tuning in."

Jack stopped the show and turned off the webcam, while Ryan left the bed and Kevin walked over the Nathan.

"Wow, I almost forgot what your cock looked like," said Kevin.

"Please Kevin, just a small rub," begged Nathan again.

"Actually Kevin, over the past month our show has seen ten times the visitors as before. He's made us over one thousand dollars today alone," said Jack. "Maybe he does deserve a treat."

"Yes please, I do," said Nathan feeling his erection stiffen.

"I don't know, maybe it would stop his performances being so good," said Kevin, who was sceptical and loved seeing Nathan being frustrated.

Ryan walked over to Nathan, who was still locked in the bondage rack, and gently removed the prostate massager from his ass.

"How about we give you the keys to the rack?" said Kevin. "If you can unlock yourself, walked into the room where you were trained, lock your ankles and wrists onto the wall, all while not touching your cock once. We'll bring you to orgasm?"

"Yes, yes, I can do that," said Nathan.

"Okay, here you go," said Jack, placing to key into Nathans' hand.

The guys watched as Nathan struggled to fit the key into the lock with one hand. It took him five minutes, but eventually, he was able to free one wrist, then quickly release the other. He unlocked his ankles then stood up beside the bed.

Without even thinking, he reached down to his cock and pulled once before gaining control. He then walked to the room where he had previously been locked for a week, then placed his feet and hands into the hooks that hung from the wall.

He quickly locked his ankles to the wall and struggled for another five minutes to secure his wrists.

The guys all moved into the room, and Jack checked that the restraints were firmly in place.

"Impressive, well as promised let's get you that orgasm," said Kevin, walking over to Nathan, who was standing with his arms locked above his head and legs on the ground. He slowly ran his fingers over Nathans cock, and down to his balls. This made Nathan cock twitch in suspense.

Kevin was just about to stroke Nathans cock when he said "But, you know. The rules were clear."

"No, no, please I only touched it for a second. I'm sorry," said Nathan.

Jack left the room, while Kevin continued to tease Nathans balls. "Having an erection must be nice. This is the first time in over a month," he said.

"Yes, please just let me cum," said Nathan.

Kevin moved his face closer to Nathan's, and passionately kissed him. He put his tongue in and out his mouth while stroking his over Nathans' chest.

Nathans cock had once of the hardest erections he'd ever had in his life. His cock was upright, directly facing the ceiling, but the only touch his genitals got was from the occasional rubbing of Kevin's fingers over his balls.

Jack entered the room again, holding a small plastic box. He walked over to Nathan and placed the box on the ground. He opened the box to reveal a short silicon sleeve with a vibrating bullet attached. The bullet had a long wire that reached back into the plastic box.

Next Jack picked up a small inflatable tube that had a balloon and pump on one end, and another long wire on the other that went back into the plastic box. He rubbed some lube onto the balloon and reached behind Nathan to insert it into his ass. He then squeezed the pump several times until the plastic box made a beeping sound.

Taking another drop of lube Jack attached the sleeve to the head of Nathans cock. He then picked up a small rubber ring, again with a wire leading back to the box. He attached this to the bottom of Nathan's cock and around his testicles.

"What's going on? What's this?" asked Nathan.

The guys all looked at each other and smiled.

"We're going to let you have some pleasure. You did great this month, and to be honest, we were going to let you orgasm. If only you could have kept your hands off your own cock for just a few more minutes." said Kevin.

"But it was barely a stroke. Come on Kevin, please," said Nathan.

"Should have made the most of it?" said Ryan chuckling, "You'll eventually learn to do exactly what we say."

Jack bent down and clicked a button on the black box. Immediately the bullet on the sleeve started to vibrate very gently. Nathan struggled on the restraints, but could not move.

Kevin moved back towards Nathan and continued to passionately kiss him on the mouth.

Nathan could feel the vibrations very slowly increase intensity.

Kevin rubbed his hands over Nathan, massaging his chest, torso then balls a final time before moving back and saying "well I think we can leave Nathan to enjoy his new toy."

The guys agreed then walked out of the room, closing and locking the door behind them.

Nathan, alone in the room but secured to the wall pulled his arms and legs again, attempting to move. The vibrations continued to increase, becoming stronger and stronger. Nathan was enjoying the pleasure his cock was experiencing. He even liked the feeling of the inflated balloon in his ass but was confused as to what the rubber ring around his balls would do.

Nathan relaxed and enjoyed the massaging of his cock head. He looked down at his cock, finally free for him to become erect. The vibrations felt so good. He started to feel a rush fill his body. He feet started a tingle, which carried up his legs and over his genitals. His whole body was on edge. He could feel an orgasm brewing. His mind remembering the passionate kiss from Kevin, the blowjob he gave Ryan. He was ready to cum. "Oh, shit, yes, come on, come on," he screamed out feeling the cum sitting in his balls ready to escape.

The vibrations, while pleasurable, were no match for the sensation of pulling and tugging on the penis. He was right on the border of cumming, but it was difficult. He wanted to reach down and massage his cock, pulling the skin up and down. He was right there, about to orgasm. He felt another rush fill his body. This time he was going to cum. Ready for orgasm he braced himself. 

He was only a second away from cum leaving his cock when all of a sudden the vibrations stopped.

"What? Fuck, fuck, it's broke. No, I'm so close." screamed Nathan, as he cock twitched but ejected no semen.

He pulled at his hands and feet, trying to free himself even though he knew he was trapped. He struggled in frustration for a minute before he stopped and caught his breath.

His cock was still erect, begging for something to stroke or rub him. Another minute passed, and he could feel his erection start to weaken. But before he could become even half flaccid again, the vibrations began again.

"Oh yes, yes, it's fixed," he thought to himself.

The vibrations were very weak as the program had started from the beginning. But even the soft waves brought his cock to another full erection again.

As the vibrations became stronger and harder, Nathan started to feel the rush and tingling sensation reach his body again. He began to shiver as he felt his orgasm growing near once more. With the cum in his balls ready to explode, he focused on the head of his cock, concentrating hard.

"Yes, yes, come on, oh yeah" he shouted feeling his orgasm about to arrive. "Finally, yes, yes."

But again, second short of his cock erupting the vibrations stopped.

"Nooo," said Nathan. "Oh shit." He had just realised what was happening. "This is deliberate," he thought to himself. "How could he have been too stupid to think they would actually let him cum".

Again the device stopped vibrating just long enough for his cock to become fifty percent erect, then suddenly it would resume.

Nathan tried to beat the detection three more times. Focusing on the head of his cock, concentrating really hard to orgasm. It would take him around five minutes to think he was just about to cum, but every time it would stop just seconds before orgasm.

"How does it fucking know?" he screamed out at the camera in the corner of the room, knowing the guys would be watching and enjoying every minute of this.

The next cycle Nathan lost hope. He didn't even try to orgasm. He wasn't willing to play their games, so just stood there while the machine vibrated at his cock.

Instead, he concentrated on not cumming. He tried ignoring the vibrations and managed to stay calm for fifteen minutes. But even then, he started to feel the orgasm tingle all over his body.

"Oh no, please," he begged, knowing an orgasm was imminent.

As the intensity grew throughout his body, he gave up resisting the orgasm and started enjoying the vibrations again.

"Oh yes, yes, I can beat it. I'm definitely going to cum this time. Yes, come on," he shouted.

But again, just seconds before orgasm the vibrations stopped, leaving his cock twitching in the air desperate to orgasm. He kept his mind focused on the head of his cock. Shaking his body up and down, trying to get any friction from the sleeve. But it was no use. Without the vibrations there just wasn't enough sensation for him to cum.

His erection started to fade. Sure enough, as he became semi-erect, the vibrations began again. He tried to resist arousal, but his horniest time after time would give in bringing him to the edge of orgasm.

Nathan was left with the toy for almost six hours. He was brought to orgasm nearly twenty times during this time.

Jack, Ryan and Kevin entered the room feeling he had suffered enough, holding the chastity belt and laptop.

Nathan was covered in sweat, dangling by his wrists on the wall.

"I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum," he shouted out, waited a few seconds then screams "Noooo."

Jack knelt down and turned the box off.

"Please no more, I can't take anymore," said Nathan.

"Okay, you've learnt your lesson?" said Jack.

Nathan nodded and said he was sorry for touching his cock.

After a few minutes passed, Nathans cock returned to its normal flaccid state.

Kevin approached Nathan with the chastity belt, and set it on the floor beside him. "The choice is your Kevin. Do you want to go back in the chastity belt, or stay all night in the tease machine?" he asked.

Nathan didn't need any time to think. He quickly replied, "the belt, please, just put the belt back on."

"Well it's your choice, but okay," replied Kevin, removing the rubber band from his balls and deflating the balloon from his ass.

"How did it work? How did it know every time I was about to cum?" asked Nathan.

Jack moved closer and said "ahh it's straightforward actually. The rubber band around your balls detects subtle movements of your testicles. The balloon in your ass also detects subtle contractions you make before you orgasm. As soon as both the rubber band and balloon detect motion, the vibrations stop leaving you without orgasm."

"It's practically foolproof too. No one has managed to achieve orgasm while being attached to the machine." he continued explaining while Kevin wrapped the chastity belt around Nathans' waist.
