 Nathan turned and looked at his clock. It was barely 3am and he was just lying there looking at the ceiling. No matter how hard he tried he couldn't stop thinking about his session with Ryan and Jack. He put his hands under the blanket to feel his cocks prison and attempt to get some relief, but it was useless. When he tried to play with himself his cock just filled the cage, giving him no pleasure at all.

Every attempted erection would pull at his balls. This was mildly painful which would then cause him to lose the erection. This cycle went on for a few hours. Giving up completely on sleep he reached for his laptop and searched for TeaseMaster to see if Jack had uploaded the video yet.

The video was uploaded and the first to appear on his profile. He looked at the comments and saw a lot of flattering comments, with some asking to see his dick and others to use his ass. It turned him on to know so many people enjoyed looking at his semi naked body.

He clicked play and started to watch himself strapped down on the chair waiting for Ryan to begin touching him. He remembered thinking at that stage Ryan was going to touch his cock and finally let him cum. He felt his cock press up against the cage as he watched Ryan slowly tease his hands over his chest. Watching as Ryan tickled his legs and feet just reminded him of the experience all over again, making more precum leak from his penis.

Feeling hot and frustrated he closed the laptop and ran into the bathroom again to have another shower. Cold this time, to try and distract him from his constant hornieness. He wanted to cum so badly his balls felt like they were on fire. Finally after a few minutes of cold water on his naked body his cock stopped trying to get erect. He turned the shower off and sat on the floor, tired and exhausted wishing he could just go to sleep and rest.

Nathan woke up several hours later as he heard a bang on the bathroom door.

"Nathan, you've been in there for hours. Other people need to use the bathroom." shouted a voice through the door.

"Shit. Sorry I fell asleep." replied Nathan. "I'm getting out now."

He jumped up and reached for the towel to cover his body. He opened the door to see Jeff leaning against the wall, still half asleep himself.

"Heavy night?" asked Jeff presuming Nathan was hung over from a typical Friday night of partying.

"Yeah something like that" he said while running into his room.

Despite the fact his body was in pain from lying on the hard bathroom floor that night, he was glad he at least got some sleep. His cock had finally decided to stay flaccid long enough for his balls to stop aching as much. But he was still looking forward to finally getting the cage off.

Nathan got dressed for the day. He wore a black T-Shirt with an abstract pattern and some white shorts since it was another warm summer's day, of course still wearing his leather briefs to stop anyone noticing his extra large bulge.

He heard a bang on his door. "Come on, let's go" shouted Jeff before walking down the stairs.

Every Saturday since he moved in, Jeff and Nathan would go to the gym first thing in the morning. Nathan of course had forgotten with all the excitement going through his head. He thought about lying to him, saying he was too sick to go. But Jeff already thought he was hung over and would just nag at him to stop being a wimp and go.

Nathan grabbed his gym kit and followed Jeff down the stairs. He left the house and started up the car. Jeff got in the passenger seat and they began to chat.

"So how much did you have to drink last night buddy?" teased Jeff. "I was worried you had fallen over and collapsed in there."

"Oh yeah, it was a big night." replied Nathan playing along. "Did you get up to much?"

"Not really. We were going to go out but just staying in and watched the tv."

As they were chatting Nathan almost forgot about wearing the cage and felt normal again. Occasionally a bump in the road would vibrate his cock, reminding him of his situation. In general chatting to Jeff was a good distraction.

They arrived at the gym in no time and headed straight for the changing rooms. Nathan quickly changed into his tracksuit then left to go to the cross trainers. Jeff would always spend the entire time weight lifting. He was a well built, muscular man in his early twenties. Unlike Nathan who would go to the gym only on a Saturday, Jeff spent half his life working out.

Nathan worked out as best as he could, even though every push of the pedals would move his cock making him slightly horny. He would never really push himself that hard, but did enough of a workout to keep him slim and give his abs a very mild tone. After an hour of cardio Nathan stopped and went over to Jeff to do some weight training. Jeff would alway tease him for using the second lowest weights but it was all he could manage. As he was lifting Nathan would admire Jeff's biceps and look at his own knowing if he just put in some more effort he could be just like him.

After a few minutes Nathan stopped and sat down to get a drink of water. He was getting horny now thinking about Jack's offer to hang out with him for the day. He tried to remember all the toys he had seen but there was too many to remember. He felt himself get hard again, so stood up then focused on doing some push ups. He could only manage twenty when Jeff chuckled out "I remember when you couldn't even do one of those."

Nathan stood up and admired the compliment "Well I'm sure you've never struggled to do one."

They laughed and headed back to the changing rooms. Luckily the gym had shower cubicles so he didn't need to hide himself from Jeff. They talked over the shower walls about work and life. Nathan was turned on that Jeff was able to touch and wash his cock freely.

They dried themselves and got changed before heading back to the car. Nathan dropped Jeff back at home then headed out to see Jack. He knocked the door and waited for an answer. His cock was already starting to get hard and fill the cage. All he could think about was being released and cumming, but he knew there was no way until Ryan got back. Unfortunately this wouldn't be till much later on in the day.

"Hi come in, come in." welcomed Jack. "I thought you would have been here first thing in the morning. Maybe the cock cage isn't keeping you horny enough."

"I was at the gym then came straight over here" said Nathan following Jack into the living room. 

"Did you have a look at the video then. I uploaded it yesterday as soon as you left?" asked Jack.

"Yeah, it was fun to finally see what happened, even though I was there." explained Nathan. "So did Ryan leave the chastity key with you?"

"You love that key Nathan, don't you? Always asking about it" teased Jack. "But yeah he left it with me but I don't know if we'll be needing it. Are you not enjoying being locked?"

"Yeah but it's been two days already and my balls are quite soar" continued Nathan, trying to guilt Jack into unlocking the cage.

"I'll see what we can do. So before Ryan gets back we need to go through a few things." Jack started to explain while opening a file placed on the coffee table. "We want to go through some of your turn on's and turn offs, and set some rules and schedule, etc."

"Sure, yeah that's good" agreed Nathan.

"Here is a list of the top one hundred sexual turn ons. Rate each one on a scale of 1-5. I'll be back with some drinks in 5 minutes." said Jack while handing Nathan a pen and leaving the room.

Nathan looked at the sheet of paper. There was a list of everything, even things Nathan had never heard of. Anal Sex, Anal Plugs, Blindfolding, Biting, Chastity, Chains, Denial, E-Stim, Enemas, Foot Jobs, Hand Jobs, Ice Cubes, Leather, Orgasm Control and many more going down the entire page. He could feel himself getting hard at the thought of some of the activities.

Nathan was still quite shy and not really sure what to put for each one. So he quickly ran down the options and put a 5 in for Chastity, Orgasm Control and Handjobs then left the rest blank.

After a few moments Jack returned and picked up the sheet. "Oh, so did you not like being tied up yesterday" he asked.

"No, no I really need. It was really hot and turned me on a lot. I just..." started Nathan.

"I understand. Okay we'll do this the hard way then" chuckled Jack.

Nathan looked confused and laughed nervously while Jack left the room again, coming back shortly with the wooden chair from their last session.

"So I'm going to tie you down on the chair again then remove your chastity cage. I'll run through some scenarios and see what answers your cock gives. Are you happy with that?" asked Jack.

Nathan nodded almost in disbelief his cock was about to be released.

"Excellent, this will be fun" cheered Jack, clearly excited at the idea.

Jack signalled Nathan to stand up and asked him to remove his cloths.

Nathan pulled his shirt off before Jack even had chance to finish instructing him. He then removed his shoes and socks, then undid his shorts.

"Still wearing the leather briefs I see?" said Jack. "You're going to need to get yourself some new and different ones to mix it up a bit. Maybe we'll call in and see Ryan before his shifts over."

Nathan nodded and continued to remove his underwear, revealing his chastity locked cock.

"Perfect, just the way it should be." commented Jack upon seeing Nathan's locked cock for the first time. He could tell Nathan was horny by the way his cock was pushed up against the cage making his cock and balls point upwards. "Okay sit on the chair and put your arms on the arm rest."

Nathan did as he was told. Jack brought over some black cuffs and firmly attached each hand to each arm rest. He then attached another cuff over his biceps and to the back of the chair, ensuring there was no way Nathan could move.

"Not too tight?" asked Jack.

Nathan shook his head.

Jack took another set of cuffs and attached them to Nathan's ankles and then over each leg of the chair. He then took the final cuffs and secure Nathan's thigh to the seat of the chair.

Nathan felt like his cock was going to explode. He looked down at his naked body, completely restricted and unable to move. He could see Jack admire him as he struggled to see if he could get his arms or legs free.

"Excellent" said Jack as he reached for his phone and took a picture of Nathan.

"Wait what are you doing? You said no faces" begged Nathan.

"I was just going to send a picture to Ryan, just private. He won't share it with anyone. Come on, if you really don't want me to I'll not send it." asked Ryan.

But Nathan didn't want to disappoint either Jack or Ryan so he nodded and agreed. He did like the look of himself tied up and was sure Ryan would like it too. Maybe he would come home early and unlock him he thought.

"Okay let's get this cage off you" said Jack as he pulled out the key to the cock cage and removed the lock. He slowly removed the cage revealing Nathan's penis, which quickly gained a full erection. He then removed the ring that held the cage from his balls and stood back to have a look at Nathan, who was now fully naked and unable to move.

All Nathan wanted to do was reach out and jerk on his cock to get some relief, but even as he tried to reach with his fingertips there was no way he could get close.

Nathan let out a sigh and begged Jack "Please can you just rub it for me. It's been so frustrating for two days now."

Jack looked down at him and shook his head. "I wouldn't want to do anything like that without Ryan here. He doesn't like me to have all the fun without him." teased Jack.

Jack then took out a box from under the coffee table and opened it to reveal a machine. "This is a heart rate monitor, it will let me see how you react to the scenarios I lay out for you" he explained as he attached a sticky pad to each side of Nathan's left bicep."

The number 80 appeared on the machine and fluctuated up and down. "A little excited already I see, but nothing to worry about" teased Jack. Nathans cock was still firmly erect and his heart was beating slightly faster than usual due to the excitement.

"So let's start with the first scenario" said Jack as he picked up a pen and start writing on the sheet. He began to read from a sheet of paper.

"Me and Ryan place a cold metal cock cage on your dick. Your dick shrinks and slides into the tube. I attach a metal ring around your balls then lock everything into place. It's a tight fit. You start to get hard at the thought of not having control over your own dick. As you get harder you feel your cock push against the cage, unable to expand fully. You reach down but there is no way to feel your cock."

About halfway through reading, the heart rate monitor started increasing. By the end it was up to 95. Jack could see Nathan's cock twitching and could see he was clearly aroused.

"Well I guess that's a 5 for chastity then. Would you like this to happened to you?" asked Jack.

"Please Jack, can you make me cum. I'm so horny." begged Nathan eager for release.

"We've still got a lot more scenarios to go through" laughed Jack as he reached for the next sheet.

"Okay the next one. You're on the bed and I come up to you with a bucket of ice. I take one ice cube and hold it out for you. You stick out your tongue and lick it. A bit drops on your chest. I touch the ice cube onto your nipple. It erects and I move the ice cube down your chest and to the top of your cock. You feel the cold water against your body." read Jack.

Again the heart rate monitor moved around the 95 reading. Clearly the idea turned him on. Jack asked "Would you like us to do that to you?"

Nathan nodded in agreement playing out the scenario in his head.

"Great we'll make that a 5 too." said Jack writing on the page again.

"Another?" continued Jack. "You are tied to a chair, unable to move. Ryan ties a string around the head of your cock and ties a knot. He takes another piece of string and wraps it around your cock several times in a circle, encasing your whole penis in the string. He ties another knot at the end then takes the remaining string and wraps it around your penis. You start to get hard and can feel the string press against your erected cock."

"Another 95 on the monitor. I don't know why you didn't put any of this on the chart. It's not so hard is it?" asked Jack, clearly amused at the sight of Nathan's twitching cock. "Look at that, you cock's actually dripping wet" he said noticing the precum leaking from the tip of his cock.

"I would do anything to cum right now" begged Nathan.

"I know" replied Jack. "But we have more to do. All right, the next one. You are sitting on this chair and I come in with a castration band. I attach it to your cock, and release it. Slowly your cock turns purple. Finally it becomes so tight you start losing feeling to it." as Jack continued he noticed Nathan's cock begin to shrink and his heart rate lower.

"Ahh have we finally found something you don't like" gasped Jack.

"Yeah, I definitely don't want to lose my dick" said Nathan in a serious tone.

"Good, we'll put that as 0 and mark it red for a hard limit" explained Jack. "So next we have a series of videos and images to show you on the T.V."

Jack turned on the TV and connected his laptop. On the screen appeared a picture of a naked man, around 25 years old. He had a shaven and toned chest.

"Simply watch the screen when I hit play." explained Jack.

Jack pressed play and the man started to stroke his cock up and down, while becoming more erect. As the man got more erect, so did Nathan. His heart rate increased a little up to 80. Another man appeared on the screen to the same level of Nathan's tastes. This time he bent over and showed his ass, before inserting a dildo and penetrating himself several times.

Nathans cock became fully erect and his heart rate shot up to 95.

"I'm not into anal play, I've never had anything up there" said Nathan embarrassed at his reaction.

"Well your body tends to disagree" argued Jack. "Let's try some more and see"

Jack showed Nathan more videos of men playing their their asses and clearly Nathan was aroused. His cock was twitching and he was begging Jack again to just let him cum.

"Don't worry, we'll put this as a four but we will definitely try this some time." teased Jack.

"If you make me cum you can do it right now" begged Nathan, but Jack just turned back to the TV and clicked on the next screen.

This time a selection of guys in socks appeared. When Jack hit play they started to remove their socks and rub their feet, some with licking and tickling. Nathan stayed semi erect and his heart rate around 80. Jack wrote 4 on the piece of paper.

Another time a man tied to a bed with a firm erection was edged slowly for 2 minutes. Nathan actually screamed out while watching this one, begging to be touched. Jack put a definite 5 for edging.

Next was a selection of candle wax, oils, hand cuffs, ropes, cucumbers, condoms, shaving and many other activities. Some Nathan liked clearly more than others, and Jack took note of all scores.

A couple of hours went by and Nathan felt like he had oozed out a bucket of precum from his cock. He was exhausted, horny and desperate to cum.

"Well that's us finished Nathan. Really happy we got a better picture of what you're into." said Jack happy at the results. "How's your cock feeling. Better for being out of the cage?"

"Yeah thanks for letting me out. Can you stroke me, just for a minute. I won't cum, I'm just struggling so much over here" begged Nathan.

"I can't do that" Jack said while staring directly at Nathan's firm erected cock. "Besides we have to go meet Ryan and get you some new underwear, right? We have to get you back in your cock cage."

Nathans' heart sank. But he was so erect and horny there was no way he would fit back in the cage.

Jack left the room and came back with an ice cube in his hand. He held it above Nathan's cock letting the ice water drip off onto his sensitive cock head. Nathan squirmed but knew he had to go back in the cage so allowed Jack to continue. He thought at least he would get to play with Ryan again tonight so he was better to save his cum for then.

Nathan tried his best to think of none sexual thoughts. It took a few minutes but eventually his penis became flaccid. Jack took out the chastity cage and applied a small amount of lube to the inside. He gently placed it on Nathan's penis making sure not to give him any stimulation in the process.

"Perfect" exclaimed Jack as he placed the padlock and locked everything in place. With Nathan's penis secured he released Nathans arms and legs from the straps.

Nathan stood up and sighed. "That was intense, all I'm thinking about is cumming" he told Jack.

"I know but that's the fun of chastity. It's what you want, isn't it?" asked Jack.

Nathan nodded his head in agreement, and started getting dressed again.

Jack closed the file he had produced then they had a final drink before heading out to see Ryan at the sex shop.

On the way to the shop Jack constantly teased Nathan redescribing the scenarios that had turned him on the most during their last session. Jack knew each word made his dick struggle against the cage, and he loved it.

Finally they arrived at the shop and saw Ryan was with a customer. But Jack led Nathan straight to the underwear shelves and starting picking items. He picked up a pack of tight y-fronts, a pack of male thongs, a couple of jockstraps and cups and finally another pair of leather briefs, this time with a lock attached.

"What do you think of these?" asked Jack showing the items quite publically. Nathan was still quite shy and quickly grabbed them quickly in agreement.

Jack laughed. He liked Nathan's shyness. It reminded him of when he had just started exploring his sexuality and was happy for Nathan.
