 When Nathan arrived home and entered through the front door, he instantly heard Jeff shout out from the living room "So the lucky boy returns?"

Nathan walked into the living room to join Jeff who was sat with Kevin who was playing on his phone.

"So who was he? Anyone we know?" asked Kevin who glanced up from his phone.

"What, I've stayed out all night before. Who says I was with anyone?" replied Nathan.

"Ok, ok keep it a secret then. Hope you had fun anyway," said Jeff.

Nathan walked towards the door to leave.

"Come on, stay with us," said Kevin, disappointed he was leaving.

"I'll be back in a minute," said Nathan continuing out the door. He walked up the stairs and into his bedroom still tired from the night before. He shut his eyes and quickly fell fast asleep.

Nathan was suddenly woken up by a knock on the door and the voice of Kevin as he asked: "you awake yet?". Nathan quickly looked at his clock and saw it was the middle of the afternoon. He had slept for almost eight hours. He let out a quick "yeah, yeah I'm awake."

The door opened as Kevin walked in and said: "you really didn't do much sleeping last night then?"

Nathan laughed as Kevin came and sat on the end of the bed.

"So, Jeff's gone to the gym again. I was bored so thought I'd come up and see you," said Kevin.

"Yeah good, it's about time I wake up anyway," said Nathan as he stood up stretched.

Kevin stood up too and walked over to him. "We never spoke about what happened before," he said.

"Oh yeah, that was fun," said Nathan blushing as he remembered sucking Kevin's cock.

"I never returned the favour," said Kevin as he reached his hands over to Nathan's waist.

"Oh, no you don't have to, I enjoyed it. It was fun. I can't..." Nathan backed off even though he had wanted to have sex with Kevin ever since the day they first met.

"Well, why not? Are you not interested? I thought we liked each other?" asked Kevin who was confused at Nathan pushing him away.

"I do, I really like you," said Nathan. "But it's just, complicated."

Kevin moved closer to him again, and this time kissed his lips once. Nathan kissed him back, and they both opened their mouths and enjoyed a web and passionate kiss.

Kevin pulled Nathan's shirt off and rubbed his hands over his chest.

"No, really I can't," said Nathan, pulling away. But Kevin ignored him and kept on kissing him, reaching down into his pants.

"You're soft, well I can change that," said Kevin as he felt the soft skin like material covered the chastity belt. "Wait, what's that? What's wrong with your..."

"Oh, I told you. I can't do anything," said Nathan whose face had turned bright red of embarrassment.

"Why? let me see" said Kevin, who loosened Nathan's belt then removed his pants.

Kevin had to take a second glance at the belt. It had some realistic qualities to it, but he quickly noticed it was not his real penis.

"So, do you not have a dick?" asked Kevin, who was confused as to what the device was.

"No, I do. It's just inside this," explained Nathan as he pointed to the tube.

Kevin pulled on the tube, but of course, it didn't move. He shook it a few times and rubbed his hands over the belt wrapped around his waist.

"So why is it in there. Take it off? I don't understand." said Kevin.

"It's a chastity belt. It stops me from having sex or getting an erection. It's a BDSM thing." explained Nathan.

Kevin paused for a few moments. "So you wear this to prevent yourself having sex? Why?" said Kevin who was only getting more confused. "Can you remove it now?"

"It's just a thing I'm into, and I can't remove it. A friend I'm playing with holds onto the key. Only he can remove it." explained Nathan.

"Okay, that's weird Nathan," said Kevin as he took a step back and sighed. "I'm... gonna... go" he stuttered as he walked out of the room.

"You won't tell anyone?" asked Nathan.

"Sure, whatever" replied Kevin as he shut the door and went back downstairs.

Nathan looked down still embarrassed and sad that Kevin didn't understand. He didn't want his friends to know about his private life, and just got carried away in the heat of the moment.

Nathan got dressed and went down to meet with Kevin again, who was sat in the living room on his phone.

"So it's like making sure you can't cheat or have sex with anyone else," said Kevin, not looking up from his phone. "It says husbands lock them on their partners if they have affairs. Did he find out we fooled around here the other week?"

"No, it's not like that. Can we just forget it?" asked Nathan. "I don't want you to get weirded out by this. I hope we can still be friends."

"No, it's okay, I'm just reading about it. It's funny these people just don't trust their partners," he said reiterating some quotes from a website he found about chastity belts.

"It's not like that, it's a form of submission, like sexual dominating and submitting to people. Let's just forget it, I'm sorry it got brought up" said Nathan.

Kevin paused for a moment as he read and touched his phone. "Well, I wouldn't wear one. I'd just leave."

"No you don't get it," said Nathan who was frustrated he couldn't explain himself accurately. He left to the kitchen to get a drink.

Nathan poured some water into the kettle to make a cup of coffee. "Do you want a coffee or drink?" he shouted to Kevin, but he didn't respond.

Nathan stood and waited for the kettle to boil. His face was less red now even though he was still wondering what Kevin must think of him.

A few minutes later Kevin walked through the kitchen door, still looking at his phone then said "So wait, when was the last time you came? You can't even get hard in that thing? Is that not so frustrating?" he asked getting more intrigued by the whole thing.

"Yes, that's the point. It's been more than two weeks," said Nathan.

"Ha, well I wank almost every way. There's no way I could go two weeks. Two weeks? Really? Why?" said Kevin still not dropping the subject.

Nathan poured himself his coffee and asked again if Kevin would like one, trying to change the subject.

"Yeah, yeah sure" replied Kevin still swiping at his phone and reading.

They both took their drinks into the living and sat on the sofa. Nathan turned on the TV hoping to distract Kevin from his new research.

Nathan flicked through the channels, but Kevin didn't look up once. It wasn't until a few minutes later than Kevin asked "So strange. Can I see it again?"

"No look, I get it you don't understand. I shouldn't have shown you this in the first place. Let's just forget about this whole thing." asked Nathan thinking Kevin was just going to tease him again.

"Please, I won't be mean. I'm genuinely interested," he said.

Nathan sighed and turned off the television, pulled his pants down and revealed the chastity belt once again for Kevin.

Kevin reached his hand out and touched the tube that looked like a penis. "But this one looks different from this," he said as he showed Nathan a picture on his phone.

"Yeah, this is an advanced one. You're looking at cheap starter ones. This is a digital one my friend got me." he explained.

Kevin rubbed the tube feeling the skin like texture. "It feels pretty much like skin. Obviously, it's not, but it feels similar," he said. "So your cock is inside there?"

"Yeah it's locked in there, and I can't get at it," he explained.

"But how can you piss? Wait, how do you clean it. It must be dirty in there. Surely that can't be good." asked Kevin.

"No there is a hole at the end, see?" said Nathan pushing Kevin's finger onto the hole on the chastity tube. I can wash it every day by pouring soapy water in this hole at the top.

Kevin looked up at Nathan for a moment, then shook his head. "You're so weird Nathan" he chuckled then put his phone away.

Nathan pulled up his pants and sighed "well now you know".

The two sat and watched TV for half an hour with a few more questions from Kevin occasionally until Jeff came home.

"Ah he's awake," said Jeff throwing his gym bag onto the floor and collapsing into a chair in the living room. "So did you find out any details?" he asked Kevin.

"Well, a few" Kevin replied winking at Nathan. "But nothing too interesting."

"Oh okay, well bigger news. You guys are coming with me tonight. There's a new place opening in town tonight with buy one drink get one free all night. No way we're missing this." said an excited Jeff.

"Yeah I'm in," said Kevin.

"Sure why not?" said Nathan.

"Right! Two hours to get ready then we're heading into town," said Jeff as he stood up and ran upstairs to start his going out routine.

"Thanks for not saying anything," said Nathan.

"Yeah I wouldn't, don't worry," said Kevin. "Still, I don't get it," he said turning on the television and changing the subject.

After watching another show, the two debated who would use the shower first, then proceed upstairs to go get ready. Soon everyone was dressed and set to leave.

On the walk to town, Kevin and Jeff walked beside each other talking, as Nathan walked behind. He listened to their conversation worried Kevin might accidentally tell Jeff about the chastity belt. But to Nathan's relief, it never came up.

Once at the club they enjoyed each got some drinks and Kevin moaned about how work was keeping him on his current project even longer than expected. Nathan was happy he would see Kevin for a bit longer but worried it was going to get awkward now he knew his secret.

Soon a bunch of Jeff's friends arrived, and soon they were all up dancing and joking around as usual. Jeff continued to flirt with random people in the club and Nathan went back to the table to rest.

After noticing Nathan sitting alone at the table, Kevin went to join him. The both of them were pretty drunk. Nathan started a conversation, but Kevin just leaned in to kiss him. The two made out for a few minutes then stopped and looked at each other.

"I'm gonna get some more drinks, what do you want?" said Kevin.

"Whatever you're having" he replied.

When Kevin came back the two of them drank and talked about random topics that came into their heads. Occasionally they would kiss making them both horny and wanting to have sex with each other.

Jeff came back to the table with his arm around some well-built guy and said: "I'm taking Pete here back to our, I'll see you later."

Nathan and Kevin smiled happily for Jeff then joined him for the walk home. They wanted to make sure he was safe but also it was getting late, and the bar was going to close in less than an hour.

When they got back to the house, Jeff and Pete went straight up to his bedroom, leaving Nathan and Kevin drunk and alone together.

Kevin leaned in a kissed Nathan again. Nathan's cock expanded and filled its cage.

Nathan removed his shirt and started to undo his belt. Kevin pulled his pants off, then lifted his shirt leaving him standing in front of Nathan wearing only his white y-fronts and white socks. Kevin leaned in to kiss Nathan again.

As he kissed him, Kevin helped Nathan remove his pants and eventually his underwear then pushed him onto the sofa.

Kevin got on top of Nathan slipped his cock out from his y-fronts. His hard cock moved closer towards Nathan's open mouth. He inserted his cock and thrusted several times moaning in pleasure.

Nathan was horny and could feel his cock strain in its cage. All he could think about was if he never met Ryan and Jack he could be having sex with Kevin and possibly even start a relationship with him.

Nathan continued to suck Kevin's cock, thrusting deeper and deeper. The saliva in Nathan's mouth made Kevin's cock slippery and lubricated which made Kevin move his cock down towards Nathan's ass.

He moved his lips onto Nathan's and kissed him while they teased each other's tongues. He then slid his cock down past Nathan's chastity belt and in between his ass cheeks. He started to thrust then slowly entered Nathan's asshole with his cock.

They continued to kiss each other while Nathan ass was penetrated by Kevin's thick cock. Kevin thrusted for less than thirty seconds before Nathan's phone started to ring.

"Shit, shit, oh no," said Nathan pushed Kevin off him.

"What, just leave it. Come on," said Kevin still enjoying the moment.

"No you don't understand," said Nathan. "It's the guy who put the belt on me." he reached into his pants and picked up his phone. It was Ryan, so he picked it up.

"Playing with your dildo then?" asked Ryan. "You know you need permission for this. Stay away from your ass until we say you can." Ryan hung up the phone without giving Nathan a chance to speak.

Nathan sat down on the sofa and look at Kevin who was looking very confused, with his cock still erect.

"What was that all about," asked Kevin.

"Oh yeah, I forgot. So there are sensors on the device, so he knows when anything enters my ass," explained Nathan.

"What, are you serious. So you can't even have anal sex, never mind get your cock fucked?" asked Kevin in shock.

"Yeah, sorry this is a mood killer I know," said Nathan.

"It's kinda hot," said Kevin. "But yeah still weird as hell."

Kevin gently pushed Nathan's back onto the sofa then started to kiss his neck. He moved his lips over his chest then used his tongue to massage his nipple.

"So is your dick trying to get hard right now," asked Kevin.

"Yeah it's pressing up against the tube," explained Nathan.

Kevin rubbed the chastity tube, then laughed. "Okay, whatever get's you off". He leaned up and started stroking his own cock, then aimed it into his mouth.

Nathan opened his mouth and sucked on Kevin's cock again, getting faster and faster. In his mind, he just kept thinking about Kevin thrusting inside him. It was the first time any cock had been inside his ass, and it lasted less than thirty seconds.

After a few more minutes, Kevin started to thrust harder and faster until he pushed his cock deep into Nathan's throat ejecting his cum deep into his mouth.

The two lay back out of breath, with Kevin relieved and Nathan hornier than ever.

After a few minutes of silence, Kevin asked. "So does he ever remove the belt for you. Do you get to have sex with him when you see him?"

"Not yet, I only met him a month ago. He let me out yesterday, but didn't let me cum," explained Nathan.

Kevin really wanted to see Nathan's cock, but his arousal was decreasing since he had relieved himself into Nathan's mouth.

Nathan, on the other hand, was still thinking about Kevin's cock in his ass.

"Oh look, you can cum," said Kevin pointing at the chastity tube.

"No it's precum, I leak it a lot," said Nathan wiping it off his cage. He lay beside Kevin for a few minutes then reached for his underwear. "Come on, let's go to bed," he said.

Kevin followed him to Nathan's room, and the two got into bed together. Kevin slept well, but Nathan could barely close his eyes. He thought about texting Ryan begging him for permission to use his dildo. But he didn't want to risk it so just lay in bed trying to sleep.

Finally, the morning came, and Kevin woke up to have his shower and get ready for the day. Nathan got ready too as he had to go to work. Once showered and dressed he joined Jeff and Pete who were hung over and eating breakfast with Kevin at the kitchen table.

"Morning," said Nathan.

Jeff and Pete barely managed to grunt, and Kevin just laughed.

Nathan picked up an apple and said goodbye, before heading out on his journey to work.

The whole day Nathan just kept thinking about Kevin, feeling so conflicted. He loved playing with Ryan and Jack, being locked in a chastity belt, and submitting to another man. But he also had a massive crush on Kevin and was finally in a place where the two knew about each other's feelings. He would never have imagined being in this situation a month ago.