 "Welcome home," said Kevin as Nathan pulled the car into the driveway of his home.

"It feels like I've been away longer than a week," said Nathan.

Nathan opened the door and let Kevin into the house.

"Welcome back, how was the holiday?" said Jeff calling out from the living room.

"Oh yeah, I told Jeff we went away for a week holiday. Just play along. Or we can tell him where you actually were?" whispered Kevin.

"Yeah, it was good. Exhausted after the travel so might just go to bed," said Nathan.

Kevin walked into the living room, and Nathan peered his head around the door to say hello before heading up to his bedroom.

Nathan sat on his bed and replayed the last week in his head. As strange as it sounded he really liked being in the isolated room. He missed the frequent calls to pleasure the guys, but he didn't miss having constant electric shocks.

He remembered the new features of the chastity belt he was locked into. Since the electric shock attachment had been installed, he didn't have a single attempted erection, so still wasn't aware of how severe the shock would be. Even though he knew the belt would shock him if he got even slightly hard, he kept daydreaming of playing with Kevin, touching his body and hearing him moan.

Thankfully his cock didn't attempt to get hard at all. No matter how many sexual thoughts entered his mind, his cock stayed as limp as it always way. The week in the basement had made his body scared of any type of erection.

Nathan removed his clothes and put on some comfortable pants. He then got into bed and started to fall asleep.

After a satisfying rest, his alarm clock started to ring.

"Good morning," said Kevin rubbing his hands over Nathans' chest.

"Morning, I've got to get ready," said Nathan.

"Yeah, me too. I've got to do some work today," said Kevin.

Nathan got out of bed, stripped, then went to the bathroom. He turned on the hot water and started to shower himself.

The bathroom door opened and Nathan entered.

"So how are you finding the new belt? It says you haven't activated a single shock yet," said Kevin reading from his phone.

"Yeah I still haven't had an erection," said Nathan.

Kevin smiled and said "the guys sure will be pleased. I never thought their plan would work. They just keep teaching me new things every day."

Kevin clicked the "Shocks" tab on his phone. It revealed a few settings that could not be changed. Such as the percentage Nathan was allowed to become erect, set at five percent, and the shock power, set at seventy-five percent.

He then came across the "Manual Shock" button. He looked at Nathan then clicked the button. The screen displayed a slider that was green at one end and red at the other. The instruction "select the severity of the shock" displayed on the screen.

He gave Nathan a fifty percent electric shock, just to see what it would be like.

Instantly Nathan screamed out "Ouch, ouch, why, what did I do?"

"No, I was just testing the manual shock option," explained Kevin. "I really love having this control over you, Nathan."

"Yes me too, but please be careful with this power," begged Nathan.

Nathan continued showering, then filled up the syringe with soapy water. He then connected it to the belt and pushed in, releasing the water over his cock and balls.

"Oh, it just alerted me you washed your cock. It knows everything." smiled Kevin.

The sensation felt nice. Nathan felt a small amount of blood flow to his cock, but the fear of another shock kept him flaccid enough to protect him.

Nathan left the shower and dried himself off. He then put on his work clothes and went downstairs to get some breakfast.

Kevin joined him, and so did Jeff shortly after. They talked about their fictional holiday, then it was time for Nathan to go to work.

"Have fun, see you tonight," said Kevin as Nathan left the house.

Nathan arrived at work and was glad to get back into his usual routine. He had a bit of work to catch up on after taking a week off and had to make up some stories about his holiday.

When the time came, he went out to grab some lunch then ate at his desk. While he was eating, he received a text message from Kevin. It read "Goto toilets, strip naked. Then take a picture and send to Jack and me."

Nathan thought to himself "he can't be serious."

He then received another message "Five minutes or zap!"

Nathan remembered the electric shock. He put his lunch down and left to go to the toilets.

He checked the stalls, and they were all empty. He picked one, went inside then locked the door. Nervously he slowly removed his shirt, then shoes. Next, he took his pants off, then underwear leaving himself totally naked except for his chastity belt.

He grabbed his phone from his pants then lifted it above his head to take a picture.

As he did, someone else entered the toilets. He couldn't tell who it was exactly, but they went straight to the urinals.

Cautious of the time, he looked back at his phone and took a picture.

The phone made a shutter sound. Nathan forgot to put his phone on silent. He stood there silently, embarrassed that the stranger heard his phone go off.

"Real nice buddy," said the stranger, while tapping on the stall door.

Nathan didn't reply. He looked at the photo and quickly sent it to Jack and Kevin. He then put his clothes back on, then left the stall to wash his hands.

He walked back to his desk with his head down, feeling like everyone was looking at him in the office.

He did some more work for thirty minutes before his boss came over to his desk.

"We need to have a chat. Come into my office," said the boss.

Nathan looked at his phone, but there was still no reply from Kevin. He must have liked the photo, as he had not received any shocks. He entered the office and closed the door behind him, sitting on a seat in front of his bosses chair.

"How was your holiday? Was a bit short notice, wasn't it?" asked the boss.

"Yes, sorry, it was a last minute thing," said Nathan.

"Well try to give us some more notice next time," said the boss. "While you're here, I want to go over some of your tasks for this month. You've been a bit distracted lately? Hopefully, the holiday and freshened your mind?" 

Nathan felt a vibration in his pocket, from his phone.

"Sorry, is there any specific problems?" said Nathan.

"In general things are taking a lot longer than usual, and a few more errors than before," said the boss.

Nathan felt another vibration in his pocket.

"If there's anything we can do to help, just let us know. But we'll need to see some improvements soon" said the boss.

Nathan felt another vibration in his pocket.

"Would you like to get that?" said the boss.

"No, sorry, I'm focused, it's just..." Nathan started until he felt a hard shock on his cock which brought him to his knees.

"Nathan? What's wrong?" said the boss looking at Nathan.

"Nothing, sorry, I just need the bathroom," said Nathan staggering to the bathroom. He got inside a cubicle and took out his phone to see a few missed messages.

"Now, naked again, show us your ass." said the first message.

"Hurry, you have two minutes," said the next

"Times up. You have two more minutes" said the last.

Nathan quickly stripped naked and sent a picture of his ass. As soon as it sent, his boss walked and said: "Nathan, what is wrong with you?"

He could see Nathan had taken his trousers, shoes and socks off from under the stall. "Why are your trousers off? Nathan?" he asked.

Before Nathan could respond, he received another message reading: "Nice, but you were 10 seconds too late."

"Oh no, shit," he called out. "Ouch, ouch!" as he fell to his knees.

"Nathan," called the boss. "I'm coming in, it's okay."

The boss barged through the door, revealing Nathan naked on his knees wearing only his chastity belt.

"What? Why? I don't..." said the boss, confused and worried.

"Sorry, it's a sex thing, I didn't..." said Nathan, ashamed.

"Nathan. I can't deal with this. This is completely inappropriate for work." said the boss. "Get dressed, then you need to leave the office. You're fired!"

Nathan pleaded and apologised, but the boss walked out. He got dressed and replied to Kevin: "Great, thanks, I just got fired."

Nathan walked across the office and out the front door, where security was waiting for him to hand in his security pass.

Once outside the building he received another message: "No way, really, lol."

Kevin went back home, stressing over what he would do for money, how he would pay his rent, and what job would he do.

Once back home, Kevin was sitting on the sofa waiting for him.

Nathan stormed into the living room and started to shout. "What were you thinking? You've screwed..." but he was interrupted as he saw Kevin holding his phone out with a smirk on his face.

"What, this isn't funny Kevin, give me the phone. Stop this..." continued Nathan, but he was interrupted again when Kevin pushed the button causing a shock that brought him to his knees.

"It looks like you're in no position to argue with me Nathan," said Kevin. "Look, I'm sorry you got fired. But this is really your own fault, right? You choose to wear the belt and have your cock under our control. Would you like to stop our arrangement?" 

"Yes, that's it. It's over. I can't afford the rent if I can't work." said Nathan.

"Are you sure?" asked Kevin. "You don't have a job, Jeff can't support you, so he'll have to find another flatmate. Now me on the other hand, well I do make quite a bit of money. Should you be keeping me happy?"

Nathan thought for a minute, before replying with "Yes Kevin, but I can't live off you forever."

"Oh, you won't be living off anyone. You'll have to work for your rent. But if you do a good job, I'll handle your rent and bills for you. Do we have a deal?" said Kevin.

Nathan was still angry and upset that Kevin had caused him to lose his job, but was in no position to argue. If he agreed to Kevin's demands, he wouldn't have to worry about money, but his life would be under his control. Nathan still found the idea exciting, to be entirely dominated by Kevin, but he felt trapped.

"Yes Kevin, we have a deal. What will you have me do?" replied Nathan.

"Well first, since I'm not your boss you can start calling me Boss," said Kevin.

"Yes boss" replied Nathan.

"For now, why don't we celebrate our new arrangement?" said Kevin.

"Yes Kevin, I mean boss" replied Nathan.

"Careful," said Kevin, waving his phone at Nathans' face.

Kevin put the phone down, then removed his shirt and a vest he was wearing underneath. "Why don't you thank me for giving you a new job?" he said.

"Yes boss," replied Nathan as Kevin led his head over to his naked chest. He started to kiss his chest and over his nipples. He slowly moved his head down towards Kevin's belly, kissing him along the way.

"What do you say?" said Kevin.

"Thank you boss?" said Nathan.

"Thank you for what?" said Kevin.

"Thank you for giving me a job and looking out for me, boss," said Nathan, kissing Kevin over his pants on top of his cock.

Kevin unzipped his pants then removed them, revealing a white pair of briefs showing the outline of his erect cock.

Nathan reached out to pull Kevin's briefs off when Kevin hit his hand.

"What are you doing? Do you deserve to see my cock?" asked Kevin.

"No boss," said Nathan, pulling Kevin's briefs back up.

"You're right, keep on thanking me," said Kevin.

Nathan continued to kiss Kevin, over the top of his briefs. He then moved his mouse down the side of his thigh. The smell of cock and balls made him imagine Kevin shooting his load into his mouth, letting him taste his cum.

He continued kissing his thigh, then moved down to his knees and legs. "Thank you, boss," he said.

Kevin moved one foot up at a time to remove his socks. Then he pushes his feet over Nathans' face, asking "Aren't I the kindest friend you have?"

Nathan agreed, thanking him again, kissing and worshipping his feet. Kevin then removed his briefs, revealing his erect cock. He started to masturbate, pulling his foreskin over the head of his penis. "Why am I doing this myself?" he called out.

Nathan stopped worshipping Kevin's feet and brought his mouth up to his cock, then started to lick from the base of his cock up to the head. He then put his cock into his mouth, sucking and thrusting as fast as he could.

Kevin started to moan in pleasure, thrusting his legs harder until he was almost ready to cum. "Would you like me to cum? Would you like to taste me?"

Nathan grunted in agreement, excited to feel him cum.

"Not yet," said Kevin, quickly pulling Nathans head away from his cock. Kevin stood up then turned around, showing Nathan his smooth ass. "Kiss," he said.

Nathan spat out "Yes, thank you, Kevin, boss, I mean thank you, boss." 

Kevin knelt on the sofa and pulled his ass cheeks apart. "You know what to do?" he said.

Nathan stuck out his tongue and plunged his nose in between Kevin's ass. He licked his ass crack until it was wet enough for him to stick his tongue in, causing Kevin to moan.

"Come on, harder," said Kevin. "Use your finger if you have to."

Nathan did as he was told and put his finger on Kevin's ass. He thrust it in and out, while still licking and kissing his ass.

After a few minutes, Kevin turned around again, pushing his erect cock back into Nathans' mouth. "Okay, now you have earned it," he said.

Kevin thrust in and out of Nathans' mouth, picking up speed until he shot his load down into his throat.

Nathan moaned in pleasure, enjoying the taste of Kevin's cum and knowing he satisfied his new boss.

Kevin lay back and sighed in relief. "Yes, I can see you are much better suited for this job than your last one."

"Thank you, boss," said Nathan, while standing up to stretch.

"Put my clothes back on," said Kevin.

Nathan complied, dressing him than sitting on the chair. "So what should I do during the day, now I don't have work to go to?" he asked.

"Oh you do have work to do, but we'll talk about that tomorrow," said Kevin. "Let's relax and watch some TV. Jeff will be home soon, and I will let him know I'll be paying your rent from now on."

Nathan sat beside Kevin, both excited and scared of what his life would now become. He also tried to remember the last time he had an orgasm, but couldn't. His cock was still flaccid when weeks ago the very thought of sucking off Kevin would have made him erect. He thought about how he was losing control over his life but gaining control over his cock. Or at least, Kevin and the guys were gaining control over it.