 Nathan looked around the room for something to do, but it was empty. There was only the bed, which was just a mattress laid out on the floor and a door leading to the toilet. The was a dim light that allowed him to see, but no windows or view from the door as he was in the basement after all.

He thought about what he could do to entertain himself, and quickly the thought of playing with his cock came to mind. Of course, this caused him to become erect, resulting in a painful electric shock on his balls.

"Ouch," he cried out, jumping to his feet. His erection instantly disappeared. He tried to stop thinking about jerking off, but this was the first time his cock was free from the chastity belt in over a month.

Another few minutes passed until he felt his cock start to stiffen. "No, no, no," he whispered before another electric shock hit his balls. His cock shrivelled down again.

He reached his hands down to the metal ring and tried pulling it off. But it was no use. The ring was gripping his package firmly and was stuck.

After a couple more shocks, he kept trying to pull the device off. His balls were now in a lot of pain, and he was starting to shake at the thought of getting an erection.

"Guys, I can't do it. It's too painful. Please take this off." shouted Nathan at the door.

There was no reply so he called out again.

After another few minutes of tugging at the device, he heard the door unlock, then Kevin entered the room.

"What's all this noise about?" asked Kevin.

"I can't do it, Kevin. You need to remove this device," he replied.

"Really! it's only been thirty minutes," said Kevin.

"Yes, it's too painful," he said.

Kevin stood in front of Nathan and thought for a moment. He then left the room, locking the door behind him.

"Kevin! Kevin!" shouted Nathan at the door.

"Crap, crap, crap" whispered Nathan, trying again to tug the device off his soar balls.

The thought of being trapped in the room turned him on slightly, causing his cock to swell once more. Of course, this led to another electric shock.

"Ouch," said Nathan with tears forming in his eyes.

He stood up, and paced around the small room, trying to think of anything that wouldn't excite him.

Finally, after a few minutes, Kevin returned holding a set of papers in his hands.

"Do you know what this is?" asked Kevin, handing the papers to Nathan.

Nathan read the papers. After a few sentences, he remembered it was the contract he signed when they gave him the chastity belt for the first time.

"Oh crap," said Nathan remembering what he agreed to.

"Yeah, crap indeed," said Kevin sarcastically. "I've just been reading this, and I can't believe you agreed to this. They obviously can't force you to stay here against your will, but if you do leave they will charge you thousands for the belt. The get out clause also isn't for another twenty days."

Kevin smiled as he said "Nathan, you don't have a choice here. If you leave, you could lose everything, your car, job, savings. Plus on top of that, you'd never see Jack and Ryan again, or me either."

Nathan knelt down and begged Kevin "Please, is there anything you can do. Can you ask them to remove the electric device? It's just too painful."

"I don't know Nathan; I think it would do you some good. Ryan says you still care too much about your own pleasure. He's trying to train you to concentrate more on the needs of others. I think it's a good plan." explained Kevin.

"But," started Nathan before being interrupted.

"Plus after this week think how much easier it will be for you to please all of us. It will be over soon enough, and you'll get to suck and play with all of us again. That is what you want, right?" said Kevin.

Nathan agreed. He didn't have any other choice.

"Good. Then let's stop this talk about giving up and just give the training a go," said Kevin as he left the room.

It wasn't long until Nathan's had his next erection. This was followed by another shock causing his cock to shrivel up again then.

He paced around the room trying to clear his mind. It was a little bit longer until next shock, but still only a few minutes.

Eventually, his first couple of hours in the room passed. By this stage, it had been fifteen minutes since his last shock. He heard the door unlock and Ryan entered the room.

Ryan sat down on the bed beside Nathan and said "I appreciate what you're doing for us, Nathan. We were both very disappointed that you broke our rules about shaking the belt. But this shows your commitment to us."

Nathan looked up at Ryan and nodded.

"Now part of your training is to get you to focus on other people instead of your own sexual needs," said Ryan while removing his top. "You need to learn that your cock isn't necessary while we play. You must admit when you're performing for us; you get distracted thinking about your gratification?"

Nathan nodded again, watching Ryan remove his pants.

"Oh no, please Ryan" begged Nathan as he felt his cock arouse.

"Try not to think about it. Just think about your duty. Your role in serving me." explained Ryan as he removed his underwear revealing his semi-erect cock.

Nathan felt a massive shock against his balls removing his erection and causing him to hold his groin in pain.

"Come on, I don't have all day," said Ryan.

Nathan quickly knelt down and put Ryans cock in his mouth.

Ryan started to moan as Nathan slid his lips over his cock and sucked while trying not to have another erection. Of course, this didn't work, and it was only a matter of seconds before another painful shock.

Ryan picked up his clothes and left the room. Nathan lay on the floor holding his balls.

It was another few minutes until his next attempted erection, but this time he was able to stop it before the shock. It was another thirty minutes until the next electric shock hit him. The time between each one was increasing, although his frustrating thoughts were still prominent.

Another two hours passed until his next visitor arrived. This time Jack unlocked the door and entered the room, holding a small wooden box. He sat down beside Nathan and said how proud of him he was, before opening the box and revealing a tiny silicone dildo.

"Now I just want you to lay on the bed and put your legs up on my shoulder," he said while rubbing a bit of lube on the tip of the dildo.

Of course, Nathan had another erection that he couldn't control, causing him to jump up in pain.

"It'll get easier, I promise," said Jack.

Nathan laid back on the bed, nervously trying not to get aroused by the situation.

"Try not to think of anything except your job, which is to accept this cock in your ass for me. This isn't for your pleasure; it's for mine. So there isn't any need for your cock to become erect, right?" asked Ryan.

Nathan agreed and hoisted his legs into Jacks' shoulders. Jack inserted the dildo slowly into Nathans ass and thrust it gently in and out. Nathan managed to keep an erection away for just under a minute until he started to enjoy it a bit too much.

"Oh no, no," begged Nathan as he felt a flow of blood enter his cock.

"Ouch," he screamed out at the latest shock.

Ryan removed the dildo and stroked Nathans' head. "You can do this," he said, before leaving the room and locking the door behind him.

Nathan stood up and walked over to the bathroom. He used the toilet standing up, which felt strange as for the past month he had to sit down. However, the sensation of touching his cock, caused him to become erect, shocking him painfully. He used some toilet paper to clean the lube from his ass.

Nathan flushed the toilet and washed his hands. He took a drink of water from the tap then went back to the bed to try and think of ways to get through the week.

It was another two hours until his next visitor, and this time he only had two electric shocks. It wasn't because he was thinking of sex any less, but just every time blood would start to flow to his cock he would shack and remember the pain from last time.

Kevin entered the room this time. "How's it going?" he asked.

"Getting better, it's been a while since the last shock," said Nathan.

"Good, good," said Kevin.

Nathan was excited to see Kevin. He wondered what task he would have for him. Maybe he would want a blowjob, or to have sex with him. These thoughts entered his mind, semi erecting his cock. But he was able to control it before a shock was delivered to him.

"I just wanted to check in with you. We'll have some food for you soon," explained Kevin. He patted Nathan on the head, then left the room, locking the door behind him.

"Kevin," shouted Nathan, but the door stayed closed.

Nathan wondered why Kevin didn't have a task for him. Was he not attracted to him anymore? Maybe he was just teasing him. Part of him was glad not to have to try and prevent another erection.

Another hour passed, and he was starting to get hungry. He couldn't remember the last time he had a shock but tried not to think about it too much in case another erection came.

Ryan entered the room, holding a tray of bread and soup. Nathan thanked him, and Ryan smiled at him, before leaving Nathan locked in the room on his own.

Nathan ate the food, then sat on the bed waiting for his next visit. But it was starting to get late, and no one came. He was managing about one electric shock every two hours. It was still painful, but he was happy they were not as frequent.

During the evening he checked his cock and balls for damage, as the pain was so intense from the shock he felt this couldn't be good for him. He looked down trying to not play too much in fear of getting another shock. He noticed even though his last erection was an hour ago, there was some moisture on the tip of his cock. He knew it was precum but was confused how his body could still produce the cum without even having a semi-erection for an hour.

He waited a while longer for a visit but felt himself growing tired. The room had no windows, or outside light source, so it was hard to know precisely what time of day it was. But eventually the light went off, and he knew it must be late enough to sleep.

Nathan woke up with a massive pain in his balls. "Ahh," he screamed.

He had no idea what time it was, and the light was still off, leaving him unable to see anything. He apparently had a nighttime erection.

The shock made him flaccid instantly, and he lay there trying to get back to sleep.

It took him quite some time to sleep. He was petrified of getting another erection in his sleep, but finally, he was able to rest.

He woke up several times that night, with an erection followed by painful shock.

In what he could only presume was the morning, the light came back on, and he could see some toast and juice set beside the bed. He ate then used the bathroom, while he waited for what he hoped would be a visit soon.

A few hours passed. During that time, Nathan had only one electric shock. He had a few more erections but was able to control them enough to become flaccid before a shock was delivered.

Eventually, he heard the door unlock, and Ryan entered the room. This time Ryan was holding the small wooden box, Jack had yesterday.

"Good morning, how was your sleep?" asked Ryan.

"I keep waking up from the shocks. I don't suppose you'd like to remove it for me?" asked Nathan, knowing the answer already.

"No but it's time to reduce the allowed erection level," explained Ryan, while taking a small key out of the wooden box. "I'm decreasing it from seventy percent to fifty percent, meaning you'll have to control your erections a little faster this time."

Nathan's heart sank as he knew how difficult it had been already.

"Now you know what time it is! Lay back and put your legs up," said Ryan. He then removed a slightly larger dildo than yesterday and applied some lube. He then inserted it into Nathan's ass, and slowly thrusted it.

This time Nathan lasted three minutes before his cock erected. His barely felt his cock get hard before he was delivered with an intense shock.

He screamed out in pain. "Please, ouch," he begged.

Ryan removed the dildo and allowed Nathan to stand up.

"Great, you're making amazing progress Nathan," said Ryan.

"Thanks," said Nathan with a sad look on his face.

"Don't be sad. This is a great step for you. You'll be able to make all of us so happy anytime we like, without any interruptions. That has to be good, right?" asked Ryan.

Nathan nodded, trying now to think about all the things he couldn't wait to do to the guys.

Ryan left the room and locked the door behind him.

As the hours passed by, Nathan checked his groin several times for damage, but everything seemed fine. Even with checking his cock, he was finding it easier to prevent any erections. There was still a constant drip of precum hanging off his cock, which he would wipe off periodically.

Nathan was still confused as to the exact time but could feel himself getting hungry again. Sure enough, a few more hours passed, then Jack entered the room giving him his next meal. Some more soup and bread.

"Thanks, Jack," said Nathan, picking up the food to eat.

"Before you eat, I have a task for you," said Jack, while removing his pants. "I want five minutes from you, understand?"

Nathan didn't know how he would manage five minutes. He was already getting a semi-erection from the thought alone.

"Yes Jack," replied Nathan, as he knelt down and wrapped his mouth around his cock.

Jack started to moan and thrust into Nathans' mouth. A few minutes passed, and Nathan still hadn't become erect. In the fourth minute, he could feel the blood start to flow to his cock.

He pushed out Jacks cock and said "Oh no, no, no, please. Ouch!"

He reached for his groin and held them in pain, while he cock went back to its flaccid state.

"I didn't say you could stop," said Jack.

"Sorry Jack," said Nathan, getting back in position to finish the last minute.

Finally, Jack pulled out and put his pants back on. "Enjoy your lunch, and I'll see you soon," he said with a wink.

Nathan looked down at his flaccid cock, begging himself just to stay soft. He then ate his lunch and cleaned himself up in the toilet room again.

More time passed, while Nathan attempted to entertain himself by thinking what the three guys would be talking about. He wondered if Kevin was even still up there, and if he was, what were Jack and Ryan teaching them.

From lunch to his dinner visit, he didn't have a single electric shock. Again when blood started to flow to his cock, he was able to stop it in time to prevent a shock.

His next visitor was Kevin, who entered the room with a tray with more soup and bread on it. He was wearing nothing except a small pair of tight rubber underpants.

"How are you holding up," asked Kevin.

"Oh you look so hot," said Nathan. "Can I suck you off?"

"The question is do you deserve to suck my cock?" asked Kevin.

Nathan screamed out in pain as his cock became erect and he was delivered a shock.

"Not this time. You'll get there," said Kevin before setting down the tray and leaving the room.

"No, please come back," asked Nathan. But Kevin had already left.

Nathan ate his lunch with difficulty, as he kept thinking about Kevin almost naked in front of him. He wanted nothing but to suck him off and make him cum in his mouth.

When he finished his dinner, he paced around the room trying to clear his mind from giving him another erection.

Nathan had no more visitors that evening, nor any erections until the light went off and it was time for him to sleep.

Over the next two days, Nathan's schedule remained the same. Jack or Ryan would decrease the allowed erection level on the shock device, and either insert the dildo into his ass or require a blowjob.

Kevin, however, didn't do anything but tease Nathan. He would enter wearing almost nothing, but always covering his cock, balls and ass.

All Nathan could do was try and remember what Kevin's cock looked like, but not overthink in case he would become erect again and get a shock.

His erections became less and less frequent, and on his fourth day, he could only count two, which both came from Kevin's tease.

By the fifth day, Nathan was allowed a five percent erection before being delivered an electric shock. This gave him no time to control his erections. His only option was to make sure they never started.

He tried to ignore any sexual thought that entered his mind, but it was impossible. Any small amount of blood flow to his cock would result in an electric shock, and throughout the day he was given more than twenty shocks.

His cock and balls were in so much pain from the shocks; it was like he was starting on day one all over again.

Sleep on the fifth night was almost impossible as he was woken every thirty minutes with new erections.

The sixth day was a little easier. His mind was still full of all the sexual things he wanted to do and have done to him. But his cock was reluctant to let any blood pass in.

He was even able to hold off an erection during Kevins daily tease. Kevin was actually about to remove his underpants, but just before he did, Nathan received a painful shock. He just couldn't keep his erection away, which caused Kevin to leave.

Nathan woke up on what he guessed to be the seventh day.

The door opened, and all three guys entered the room.

"Good morning," said Jack. "Last day of your punishment. Did it go faster than you expected?"

"No, it's been the longest week of my life," said Nathan.

"Any erections last night?" asked Kevin.

"I woke up once with a shock last night, but this morning I didn't have an erection," said Nathan.

"Great!" said the three guys in unison, followed by a laugh.

Ryan moved towards Nathan and stroked his chest, running his fingertips down and over his cock.

Nathan started to shake in fear of an erection, but none came. Ryan and Kevin joined him, and they began to feel Nathan's body, and rub his ass.

He loved the attention but was able, much to his surprise, to prevent any blood flowing to his penis.

"Impressive," said Ryan while Kevin nodded in agreement.

"Told you it would work," said Jack.

"Okay, time to remove the shocker," said Ryan, reaching out to the device and inserting a key that allowed it's removal.

Nathan reached down to rub his balls, that felt sore from the tight device.

"How does that feel?" asked Jack.

"Great, thank you for removing it. Does this mean no more device?" asked Nathan.

No one replied, but Kevin started to undress, removing his t-shirt and pants. He removed his socks and underwear, revealing the cock that Nathan had been begging to see all week.

Kevin walked towards Nathan and lay back on the bed.

Nathan watched him then got onto his knees. He started to lick Kevin's erect cock then wrapped his mouth around the head thrusting it in and out of his mouth.

Again, not the slightest erection for Nathan.

After several minutes of pleasuring Kevin, he exploded into Nathans' mouth. He let off a moan, which was followed by a cheer from Ryan and Jack.

Kevin lay back exhausted then said how pleased he was with Nathans performance.

After a few minutes of recovering, he sat up and looked at Nathan's cock, happy that there was no erection what so ever.

Even though Nathan wasn't erect, he was still hornier than ever. He loved the sight of Kevin naked and just wanted to suck him off again.

Kevin reached his hand out and felt Nathans cock, running his fingers down over his foreskin.

"What's this?" said Kevin, noticing the precum dripping from Nathans cock.

"Yeah I constantly have precum, but there's no erection, I promise," said Nathan.

"Yes I can see," said Kevin slowly rubbing the precum over the head of Nathans penis using his foreskin. Unfortunately, this was too much for Nathan, and he felt his cock start to expand.
