 Once again Nathan found himself lying awake beside Kevin, who was sound asleep. All that was running through Nathan's mind was having Kevin's cock thrust into his ass.

Unable to sleep, Nathan sat up and turned on his laptop to watch some porn. He logged into Ryan and Jacks porn channel and watched the videos. Each one made his cock fill the cage more each time.

After an hour of watching he finally fell asleep. A few hours later his alarm went off as it was time for him and Jeff to do the shopping.

Nathan got showered, dressed then looked around the house for Jeff, but he wasn't around. He was about to call his phone when Kevin called down the stairs.

"Are you looking for Jeff?" he said.

"Yeah, we are supposed to go food shopping," said Nathan.

"Not today you're not. I convinced Jeff to go by himself today so that we could have the house to ourselves," said Kevin.

Nathan was excited and ran up the stairs. "Yes, finally, are you ready?" he asked diving into the bed.

"Yeah, I sure am," said Kevin as he opened his bag and looked inside.

"What have you got there?" asked Nathan.

"It's a strap-on. Jack lent it to me from his basement the other day," said Kevin.

Nathan was confused why they would need a strap-on.

Kevin reached over and started to undress Nathan. It didn't take long before both of them were naked and playing with each other's bodies.

"Okay put your legs into this" explained Kevin, as he put the strap-on on Nathans' waist. "I was telling Jack how it's frustrating for me not being able to have you penetrate me. See I also enjoy a good fuck in the ass. Then Jack had the perfect solution. I don't need the belt to be removed to enjoy sex with you. You put this on and can thrust into me like it was your real cock."

Nathan looked down and could see the firm dildo attached to his waist, almost like it was his erect cock. But the metal case surrounding his penis reminded him he would feel no pleasure from this.

Kevin lay back on the bed, naked and starting to get erect. Nathan got on top of him, and they kissed for a few minutes.

Kevin then guided Nathans head down and over his torso and down to his cock and balls. Nathan opened his mouth and started to suck Kevin's cock.

"No, lick over my balls. You have to earn your way to my cock," he said.

"Kevin, I haven't seen this side of you," said Nathan.

"Do you like it?" said Kevin.

"Yeah, I suppose," he replied.

Nathan did as he was told and licked over Kevin's ball sack, moving between each testicle.

Kevin kept pushing Nathans head down. "Now you need to lube my ass up so I can take this dildo," he said. "Use your tongue on my ass."

Nathan moved his tongue down to the entrance of Kevin's ass and started to lick with his wet tongue. Kevin let out a moan, and his cock began to grow.

Kevin's ass felt tight as Nathan tried to stick the tip of his tongue into his ass. He built up some more spit and tried again to fit his tongue inside. As Nathan played around, Kevin began to relax and was soon ready for some penetration.

Kevin reached for some lube from Nathans bedside drawers. Nathan stopped licking to watch what he was doing.

"Did I say you could stop" scolded Kevin, reaching his hands over to push Nathans head back in place.

Nathan continued to lick Kevin's ass, and then stuck his tongue almost entirely inside.

Kevin squirted some lube onto his hands, then massaged it into the strapon, poking out from Nathan's waist. As he rubbed the lube in, Nathan looked down and imagined it was his real cock.

"Okay I'm ready for you," said Kevin "come up and push it into me, like it's your real cock."

Nathan held onto the strapon and slowly entered Kevin's ass. Nathan felt strange, as in his mind he was using his cock, but of course, as it was only the strapon, he could feel nothing.

Nathan started to thrust slowly, making Kevin moan in pleasure. The cock moved in and out of Kevin's ass, each thrust pushing in deeper. He went faster and imagined what it would feel like using his real penis inside.

After a few seconds of hard thrusting, he heard a text message from his phone. Kevin reached over and read it out, while Nathan continued penetrating him.

"You have been warned about shaking your belt boy! Last chance" said Kevin reading out the message. Nathan was deliberately vibrating the device while thrusting into Kevin, hoping to get some satisfaction from his cock.

"Can you tell them Kevin?" asked Nathan.

"No, this is for my enjoyment, not yours. Keep thrusting, but be careful not to shake the belt" said Kevin.

Nathan continued to thrust, keeping the same speed but moving his whole body to avoid the belt shaking. Inside the cage, his cock was bulging in the tube. Unable to get any relief he screamed out in frustration.

"Keep going Nathan, keep thrusting, don't stop" shouted Kevin.

Kevin then squirted some lube onto his already erect penis. "Stroke it" he commanded.

Nathan obeyed and started to rub the lube over Kevin's cock. Each rub only made them both hornier. Nathan, still rubbing Kevin and penetrating his ass, began to shake the device again. He knew he was doing it, but he couldn't stop. He needed to feel something.

He heard another text message, but he ignored it, continuing to thrust. However, it was no use. Even vigorously shaking the device he could feel only the slightest of vibration.

After a few more minutes Kevin started to move his ass up and down. He was ready to cum. Nathan stroked his cock, faster and harder until Kevin shot his load all over his chest. He moaned in pleasure while Nathan proceeded to thrust a few more times.

Kevin pushed Nathan out of his ass and said "Now, clean his up" pointing to the cum on his chest.

Nathan instantly dropped his tongue to Kevin's torso and licked up every drop of his cum. He then moved his tongue down to Kevin's cock, licking off the remaining cum oozing out of his head.

Nathan then reached for some tissues to wipe the lube off, and finish cleaning him up.

"What are you doing? That's a waste of tissues, just use your tongue. Keep cleaning." said Kevin, who was enjoying watching Nathan lap up the cum like a dog. The lube was eatable anyway, so there was no excuse for him not to lick everything up.

Nathan licked every inch of Kevin's flaccid cock and balls, leaving no drop of cum. Kevin then looked at Nathan and aimed his head back down to his ass.

Nathan proceeded, licking off all the lube that was coming out of Kevin's hole and over his ass cheeks until there was nothing left.

Nathan looked over at his phone which had one unread message from earlier. He opened it, and it was from Ryan. It said only:

"Tonight, 19:00, don't be late".

Nathan knew he was in trouble from before. He should have listened to the first message.

Kevin left the bedroom to have a shower, while Nathan removed the strapon and cleaned up the room. He then had a shower after Kevin, and they both got dressed while Kevin teased Nathan about getting in trouble.

Nathan spent the rest of the day, frustrated and excited for the night, while Kevin was satisfied and enjoying resting.

Eventually, the evening came, and it was time for them to leave to see Ryan and Jack.

During the drive Nathan was quite nervous, wondering if they would want to stop playing with him. Kevin found the whole thing rather amusing.

When they arrived, Jack answered the door and let them both into the house. Nathan instantly removed his clothes.

"Ryan's waiting down in the basement," said Jack while directing them to follow him.

They walked through the kitchen, then down the basement stairs where Ryan was sat on the end of the bed looking at his phone.

"Nathan, you keep disappointing us. You agreed to our terms, but yet continued to break them, despite us giving you a warning text" said Ryan.

"I'm sorry, it's just Kevin and me..." said Nathan before Jack held up his hand to cut him off. Nathan looked at Kevin for support, but he just shook his head and shrugged at Ryan, with a smirk on his face.

"Well since you wanted to be with Kevin so much, today's your lucky day," said Ryan as he reached for the laptop that controlled Nathans chastity belt.

Ryan typed a few commands into the laptop then the belt made a clicking sound.

"Kevin, may I ask you to remove the belt from Nathan please?" asked Ryan.

Kevin smiled with excitement, reached out to remove the belt and replied: "hell yeah". He pulled the belt off and removed the tubing that secured Nathans penis.

Now Nathan was standing completely naked in front of the three guys, confused as to what was happening.

"You're free to go. Have as much fun with Kevin as you want," said Ryan.

"Well, no actually. I've grown quite fond of this arrangement. If you guys are out, then I'm out too." said Kevin.

"So you are all done with me? Just like that" said Nathan, with tear beginning to form in his eyes.

"Yup, you can go," said Jack, "Kevin, would you like to stay?"

"Yeah, what do you have in mind?" said Kevin.

Nathan began to shake. He couldn't believe how he had let down everyone. He stood there finally free from his chastity device, but yet was more flaccid than he had been in weeks.

Nathan dropped to his knees. "Please Ryan, Jack. I'm sorry I let you down. It was just one mistake." He moved towards Ryans feet to kiss them, begging for forgiveness but Ryan just pushed his head back.

"Pathetic," said Ryan looking over at Kevin, who nodded in agreement.

"Well, we could give him one more chance," said Jack, "remember the attachment? Maybe we do need it after all."

"Yes, yes, please just one more chance Ryan" begged Nathan.

"Oh yeah? I suppose we could let you back for the right punishment" said Ryan.

Kevin was intrigued, wondering what punishment they would force Nathan to do.

"Anything, I'll do anything," said Nathan.

"Fine, stay here while we talk in private," said Ryan, walking up the basement stairs with Jack and Kevin.

Once out of hearing range, the three guys discussed what they were going to do with Nathan.

After fifteen long minutes, Kevin came back down to the basement and went over to Nathan.

"What did they say?" asked Nathan.

"You have a choice to make," said Kevin "You can go home now, and never see Jack and Ryan again. Or you can stay here for one week, inside the locked cell. We have a few tasks you must complete. If you succeed, you will be allowed to stay under the same conditions. Of course, the chastity belt will go back on."

"Yes, tell them, yes I agree," said Nathan, happy things would go back to how they used to be.

"There's one more thing. Jack will be adding some new features to the belt. Things are going to get a bit tougher." said Kevin, grinning, clearly loving the whole predicament.

"Great, here's your phone. You are to call your boss and tell him you're taking a week off work," said Kevin handing Nathan his phone.

He instantly sent his boss a message asking for time off work. Within a few minutes, his boss replied with: "Yes, that is okay. Enjoy the holiday."

As soon as the replied was received, Kevin called Jack and Ryan down and explained that Nathan had agreed to the punishment and got time off work already.

Jack and Ryan were pleased, and both said: "Let's begin then."

"This will be a fun week for us. But not for you," said Ryan with an evil grin.

"Should I put the chastity belt back on?" asked Nathan.

"No. First, you need to learn to control yourself," said Jack reaching into one of the cabinets. "This is an electrical stimulation ring. It will be locked around your scrotum for the foreseeable future. It has a blood pressure detector built into it. Anytime the blood flow increases to your cock by more than seventy percent you will be administered with a painful electric shock. But over the next few days, this number will decrease to five percent. By the end of the week, you will be able to prevent most of your erections when we say so."

Nathan looked at the metal ring with a look of fear. But he didn't dare say anything except for "Okay then."

Jack reached down and slid Nathans flaccid cock and balls through the ring. He inserted a key and turned it several times. Each turn Nathan could feel the ring getting smaller and smaller until it gripped behind his cock and balls firmly.

Nathan started to get erect from Jacks touching.

"Oh great, looks like we'll see it in action soon," said Ryan, pointing to Nathans growing penis.

"Ouch, ouch" screamed Nathan, as his cock instantly became flaccid. His hands reached for the ring, to try and grab it off. But it was too tight to remove.

"Good looks like this is in working order," said Jack. "Let's get you to your new home."

Jack led Nathan back to the room he had spent a night before. "You will stay here for the next day. You need to learn to control those urges. Keep your mind clean from anything sexual, and you should be fine." he teased.

Nathan nodded in agreement, then sat on the bed. He saw the door close, then heard it lock from the outside. He knew this wasn't going to be an easy week at all.