 Nathan woke up next to Kevin, who was wearing only his briefs. It had been a week since he had invited Kevin to meet Jack and Ryan, and it was time to visit them for another session.

It was now over a month since Nathan last had an orgasm, and he could feel the cum built up in his balls.

Nathan got out of bed and went into the bathroom to take his shower. After a few minutes, Kevin opened the bathroom door and walked in.

"So are you going back there today?" asked Kevin, watching the water over Nathans body.

"Yeah, I'm heading over there in an hour," replied Nathan.

Kevin removed his briefs and stepped into the shower with Nathan. He pressed his hand onto his Nathans' chest and rubbed over his torso. Then he pushed his lips towards Nathan's mouth and kissed him, teasing their tounges.

Nathan could feel Kevin's cock become erect and rub against his stomach. He reached down with his hand and stroked him.

"I'll meet them," said Kevin out of the blue.

Nathan was shocked and replied, "really, what made you change your mind?"

"I don't know. I'm still confused about this whole thing, and slightly entertained," replied Kevin, while noticing the cleaning syringe next to the bath. "Is this how you clean it?" he asked.

Nathan picked it up and showed Kevin how to attach the tube and then pressed the syringe, releasing a spray of soapy water out of the belt.

Kevin took the syringe and filled it with more water, then used it again on Nathan.

Nathan could feel the tingle of the water on his cock, and it felt amazing. Kevin used it again and was then stopped by Nathan who said "that's all I can do. Any more and they'll know."

Kevin just laughed in shock.

Nathan continued to stroke Kevins cock until he pulled away and said "no, I'm saving myself. Today I'm actually gonna get to have sex with you, so I'm gonna wait."

The two left the shower and dried each other with a towel, then went back to the bedroom to get changed. Nathan and Kevin ate some breakfast with Jeff then left the house.

On the way there Kevin asked a lot of questions about Jack and Ryan. Nathan had already told him how they met, but he wanted to know what they looked like. He really wasn't sure what to expect but was still curious and excited to finally have sex with Nathan.

They arrived outside the house, and Nathan rang the doorbell.

Ryan answered the door and said "Hello boys," while looking Kevin up and down.

"We weren't expected both of you today. This must be Kevin," said Ryan while holding out his hand to shake Kevin's.

"Yeah, hi, you're Ryan?" asked Kevin. "You're the reason I can't have sex with Nathan?" he asked.

"Well, maybe that will change," hinted Jack as he appeared from another room and introduced himself.

Kevin's eyes lit up when he saw Jack, wearing a tight white t-shirt and well-fitted jeans.

"Well, come in and sit down. Would you like a drink?" asked Ryan.

Nathan and Kevin followed Ryan into the kitchen.

"Excuse me, Nathan, you know the rules," said Ryan.

"What?" asked Nathan.

"What are you wearing?" said Ryan.

"But, Kevin's here. Are you going to make me strip now?" he asked.

"Of course. We told you not to wear clothes in the house. You don't need them," explained Ryan.

Nathan started to remove his clothes, starting with his shirt and working his way down to his pants.

Kevin also began to take his jacket off nervously, looking to Nathan as if he was insane.

"No, no, no Kevin. Sorry, of course, we don't mean you. Please come with us." said Ryan.

"Oh, okay then," said Kevin leaving Nathan to follow the guys into the kitchen.

"We want you to feel comfortable here, so please make yourself at home," said Ryan reassuring Kevin who was obviously slightly uncomfortable.

Nathan entered the kitchen shortly after, naked wearing only his chastity belt.

"So, now you've met Kevin can..." said Nathan before being stopped by Jack.

"We're talking to Kevin, Nathan. You can sit here silently while we make sure he is well looked after," said Jack. "He is good to you Kevin?" he asked.

"Yeah we've known each other for a while now, and get along well," confirmed Kevin, trying not to seem obvious he was attracted to Jack.

"Oh good, well you must have lots of questions for us?" asked Ryan.

"I've explained to him..." repeated Nathan trying to enter the conversation.

"Nathan, come with me," said Ryan interrupting him.

Nathan and Ryan entered the basement door and walked down the stairs. When the arrived at the bottom, Ryan lead Keven into the room he slept in the last weekend.

"We're just going to meet Kevin and have a chat with him. You can stay here for a while, and I'll come get you when we're done," explained Ryan.

"But don't scare him. He's new to all this and..." said Nathan, but before he could finish the door was closed, and he was locked back in the room.

Ryan went back up to the kitchen where Jack had his laptop open. He was showing Kevin all the features that Nathans belt had.

"Wow, so you can see every erection, vibration, movement," asked Kevin. "Oh, so you would have noticed us the other week?"

"Yes, yes," said Jack. "Sorry to do that to you. We know you didn't sign up to any of that and you don't deserve to be denied like Nathan does."

Kevin was flattered and blushed. He stroked Jacks arm flirting with him slightly.

"Hey, hands off," said Ryan.

"Oh sorry, sorry I didn't mean anything," said Kevin.

"Haha, don't worry, I'm only teasing you," said Ryan. "We don't have a typical relationship."

Kevin was getting more and more curious, and slightly aroused. "This is all very interesting" he exclaimed. "Where did Nathan go?"

"He's just downstairs in the basement waiting for us," said Ryan.

"The basement? What's down there," said Kevin nervously.

"Yeah that's where all our toys and gear is," explained Ryan. "Look you can see." Ryan turned on the TV which showed a room with Nathan naked, holding his ear up to the door.

Kevin was quite excited seeing Nathan locked down in the basement. There was something quite thrilling and dangerous about the situation, and Kevin was finding himself more intrigued.

The three guys talked and answered all of Kevin's questions. Nathan tried hard to listen to the conversation, but all he could hear was faint muffles. Nathan just thought to himself "What if they scared Kevin and he left?" He just started to pace around the room, waiting for what seemed like hours for someone to come and get him.

Finally, he could hear the voices become louder and clearer as the three guys walked down the basement stairs.

"We started the basement project years ago," said Jack answering one of Kevin's questions.

"Yeah, it was actually a friend of ours who suggested it. We haven't regretted it since," said Ryan.

Kevin looked around the room and picked up some handcuffs from the counter.

"Oh sorry, do you mind if I have a look around?" said Kevin, putting the handcuffs back where he found them.

"Yes of course. Please make yourself at home. You can pick up anything you want in here," explained Ryan.

Kevin was amazed by all the gear he could see. He didn't know what most of it was for, but every item he saw made new and exciting thoughts enter his mind.

Jack unlocked the door and let Nathan exit the room.

"What did you guys talk about? You were up there for ages," said Nathan, nervously looking at Kevin.

"Yeah, we were talking for an hour. Jack and Ryan are great, I can't believe I hesitated to meet them. They've been explaining all sorts of stuff to me."

"Remember Kevin, you don't need to answer his questions. You should be in control in this relationship," said Ryan, referring to their previous conversation.

Nathan was puzzled by what was happening, but Kevin surely seemed to be enjoying himself.

"Oh wow, you have a sex machine," said Kevin, pointing towards a device with a dildo attached to it.

"Yeah, you know what that is," said Ryan.

"Yeah, of course, everyone knows. I've just never seen one before," replied Kevin.

"Would you like to give it a go?" asked Ryan.

Kevin blushed and said, "I don't know, maybe some time."

"No need to be shy Kevin, you have your own boy to try it out for you. You don't need to do anything you're uncomfortable with," explained Ryan.

"Oh yeah, of course, I remember," said Kevin. "Nathan, would you like to use the sex machine for me?"

"No, don't ask him. He should just do what you say," said Ryan.

"Aw I don't want to force him into anything," said Kevin.

"No, it's all fun and games. Of course, if Nathan doesn't want to do something you'll know. But you can even assign that safe word we were telling you about," said Ryan.

"Ahh yes, Nathan if you're uncomfortable you know you can say 'red', and I'll know not to push you," said Kevin.

"Oh yes, yes I'd love to use the machine for you. Please, Jack, Ryan can I use it," begged Nathan.

"Damn, Nathan, you are eager," said Kevin, enjoying the submissive side to Nathan that he had not seen before.

Jack and Ryan nodded their head and Kevin lead him over to the machine. He noticed some lube beside it so went to pour some out.

"Why not get Nathan to use the lube. You don't want to get your hands all sticky," said Ryan.

"Yes, yes. Nathan, you can lube up the dildo," said Kevin.

Nathan instantly squirted lots of lube onto his hands then rubbed it onto the dildo. "Should I try and put it in?" he asked, looking at Ryan.

"Don't ask me, ask Kevin," said Ryan.

Keven felt slightly embarrassed begging Kevin to use the machine. But he was so horny and desperate for some relief so sucked it up and asked: "Kevin, can I use it?"

Kevin nodded, and Nathan instantly sat in front of the dildo and began to play with it at the entrance to his ass. He remembered the last time he tried to play with a dildo himself, and he couldn't put it in. But this time, thanks to the practice from the weekend before, it went in much smoother.

Nathan very slowly and gently rocked back into the dildo. As he did, he let out a soft moan and whispered: "Oh that feels good."

Instantly Jacks phone received a text message. "Ahh see Kevin, this is the notification I was telling you about. Anytime he plays with his ass we know about it instantly."

Kevin was getting hard, looking at Nathan on all fours being penetrated by the machine. "This is very sexy Nathan. I love this side of you," he said.

"Why not take a picture on your phone?" said Jack.

"Really? Nathan?" said Kevin.

"They already have pictures, it's okay," said Nathan, sure that if he declined, he would be punished.

Kevin took out his phone and took a picture of Nathan. One from behind then one in front. "Ha, very nice," he said.

Nathan felt humiliated but loved the feeling. He could feel the blood rush to his restricted cock.

"So how do you turn it on?" asked Kevin. "Is there a button somewhere?"

"Use this," said Jack handing him a remote control.

Kevin looked at the remote and saw a power butter. He pushed it, and the machine started to make a noise. The dildo began to push deeper into Nathans ass then retract again.

Nathan let out another moan. He could see Kevin's erection through his pants and loved the fact he was getting turned on by this.

Kevin pushed the up button, making the machine thrust faster. "Yeah do you like that?" he asked Nathan. He sat down in front of Nathans' face on the floor and crossed his legs.

"Faster?" he asked, but it didn't matter what response Nathan said. Kevin wanted to turn the speed up, so he hit the up button twice.

Nathan repeatedly moaned, as the dildo penetrated his ass multiple times a second.

"Oh he's cumming, he's cum," said Kevin, pointing to Nathans cock that had a drop of precum leaking from it.

"I doubt it, it's impossible while in that belt," explained Jack. "It's probably precum. It tends to leak from a cock when it's been locked for such a long time."

Kevin reached under Nathan and touched the precum. It stuck to his fingers as he pressed his finger and thumb together.

"Why not feed it to him?" said Ryan.

"Really?" said Kevin. "Oh, actually that would be hot." He put his fingers up to Nathans' mouth and rubbed the precum onto his tongue. This only made Nathan leak out some more cum, so Kevin did the same again, gathering it up and making Nathan lick his fingers clean.

Nathan looked down at Kevin's cock through his pants, which was firm and erect. He reached out to feel him. Kevin almost forgetting he was in the company of two men he had only just met, pulled his cock out of his pants and let Nathan bend down to suck it.

"Yeah keep sucking it, keep going," said Kevin enjoying the feel of Nathans mouth over his cock. He hit the up button on the remote another two times.

Nathan let out another constant moan, which vibrated against Kevin's cock. He took Kevin's cock out of his mouth to catch his breath, but Kevin pushed it back in and gently pushed his head back making Nathan deep throat his cock.

Nathan sucked him harder until finally, Kevin exploded and a huge load of cum hit the back of his mouth. Kevin moaned in pleasure at his orgasm, and Nathan groaned at the dildo in his ass.

Jack and Ryan loved watching the show. They didn't know Kevin would take so well to their lifestyle. They were glad it seemed to be working out well.

"Sorry Jack, Ryan, I just got a bit carried away," said Kevin.

"Never apologise. That was a great show," said Ryan.

Kevin stood up and tucked his cock back into his pants, still leaving the machine pounding Nathans ass. He walked towards the guys, then looked back. "Whoops I better turn this off," he said.

"No, no, please just a bit more," begged Nathan.

"I'm finished," said Kevin. "Although I'm sad I thought I was gonna fuck his ass. But I will need a while to recover."

"Well we told Nathan if he introduced us, you could have a private night together. We thought you would be as shy as Nathan was the first time we met him. But it seems you're a natural." said Ryan.

"Oh really? Nice, can I take the belt off him" asked Kevin.

"Wow there, let's take things a step at a time. You still have a lot to learn if you're still interested," said Jack.

"Yeah, you are right. I still don't know how Nathan can go so long with that thing on his cock," said Kevin. "But you guys sure know what you're doing."

"Well, he actually came to us about wearing it. We just help him fulfil his fantasy," explained Jack.

Kevin laughed in amusement then turned the power off from the remote control. Nathan sighed in disappointment. "Don't worry," said Kevin, "we'll play again soon."

Nathan removed the dildo from his ass, and Jack received another text message informing him Nathan had stopped.

"Is that another message from the belt?" asked Kevin.

"Yeah, it's great. So now we can leave Nathan to clean everything up, and if he tries to use the machine again we'll know," explained Jack.

"Come on, clean this all up," said Jack to Nathan, as he guided Kevin back up to the kitchen. Ryan followed them, looking back to give Nathan a wink.

Nathan took out some wet wipes from a box beside the machine and wiped down the dildo, making sure everything was clean. He cleaned up the precum that had leaked over the floor, then wiped his belt and ass clean. He binned the wipes and put everything back where it was initially, then went back up to the kitchen to join the rest.

He sat down on the table beside them but knew not to speak. They finished their conversation.

"You can just ask him for a back massage. Get some oils and lie on the bed. The longer he wears the belt, the more eager he'll be to please you," explained Ryan.

"I see," said Kevin, hanging on Jacks every word. Kevin looked around at Nathan who was sat quietly beside him. "That was the hardest I think I've ever orgasmed," he said to Nathan.

"Yeah it was really fantastic" replied Nathan. "I just want your cock in my ass so badly."

"Yes, yes, definitely. Soon," replied Kevin.

"Kevin, will you stay for lunch," asked Jack.

"Yeah I'd love to, but only if it's no trouble," confirmed, Kevin.

"No trouble at all," said Jack. "Why don't you come wait in the living room with me, and Ryan will cook us up something nice."

Jack and Kevin went into the living room together, and Ryan looked over to Nathan.

"How are you feeling Nathan?" asked Ryan, moving over to sit beside him. He rested his hand on Nathans' leg.

"Horny. So horny, I just want out of this belt," said Nathan.

"Well you know it's been over a month, and it's time to decide. You can take the belt off and stop everything, but it would be a shame. Your friend looked like he enjoyed himself. Do you want to keep going for another month?" said Ryan.

Nathan thought for a moment, and even though he was so frustrated, he did still love his new lifestyle. Now that Kevin was interested in this lifestyle there was no way he could give up now.

"No, of course, I want to keep going. It's just hard you know?" said Nathan.

"I know," said Ryan as he stroked Nathans' face. "You'll get another chance to cum soon. In the meantime, you can help me make some lunch for everyone."

Ryan and Nathan cooked while enjoying each others company as friends do. Ryan asked Nathan if he was still enjoying the dynamic of their relationship and Nathan confirmed that he did.

Once finished, they brought their meal into the living room for everyone to enjoy. Just like a group of friends who had known each other for years, they watched some television, talked about work and other thoughts that popped into their heads. Nathan began to feel awkward sitting naked in front of everyone now the session was over. But still, he was not allowed to dress in the house.

Once everyone had finished eating and talking Kevin asked: "It has been really great meeting you both. I hope we can do this again soon sometime."

"Yes it's been great, I'm so glad you have taken to everything we've shown you. Nothing's made you uncomfortable yet?" asked Ryan.

"No, it's been such an eye-opening experience. I'm sure you have so much more to teach me," said Kevin.

Everyone said their goodbyes and Nathan was finally able to dress again. Nathan and Kevin left together and headed back to their house.

"That really was great meeting your friends. I feel like I've been opened up to a whole new world," said Kevin. "You were really cute taking that machine earlier."

"So you're now into chastity and kink?" asked Nathan.

"Ahh I don't know, but I had fun today," he replied.

"So should we have sex tonight then? You can finally give it to me with no interruptions this time," asked Nathan, hoping for a yes.

"Not tonight, maybe tomorrow. I've already cum today, and I really did like seeing you gagging for it," said Kevin. "I guess that's what having your cock locked up does to you."

Nathan could see Kevin was slowly getting turned on to the idea of having control over him. But now Nathan had three people to control his sex life, and he loved it, even if it meant him being incredibly horny with no release in sight.