 Hello All! 

I am SO sorry that I have not fulfilled my promise of releasing a new chapter every week as promised. As always, life happened so I was unable to edit and upload any new chapters. However, after a few very scathing emails from some fans I put it at the top of my list. And now I present to you...Chapter 8 of Project Phoenix! There is only one or 2 more chapters left! They are completed; they just need to be edited. I hope you enjoy! And as always, comments and suggestions are always welcomed!

Enjoy!

xxxYaoiLover21xxx

*****

Edge of the Yolarian Jungle

Dozens of well-armed men had formed at the edge of the forest. They had laser guns, incendiary orbs, transport vehicles and hover crafts. 

"We attack head on. They're on a science expedition. They won't have much in the way of weapons." The leader reassured his team. He was strapping a few incendiary orbs on his hips. The orbs were filled with a highly combustible liquid. Once the orbs were shattered and the liquid was hit by solar rays from the sun it exploded and would engulf everything in flames.

"Fire as soon as your close." The leader marched onto the plains and headed straight for the FSC Prudential. His men let out howls and shouts. The thought of blood shed making them shiver with anticipation. "Kill them all!"

FSC Prudential Settlement

Dex was barking orders at everyone. He looked like a rabid dog. His eyes were bloodshot, he hadn't changed his clothes since getting back from the ERDS compound; he was dirty and disheveled. 

Men were readying the small amount of munitions they had. Others were making makeshif weapons out of whatever they could find. Companions stayed together and prepared each other for whatever was coming across those plains. 

Dex kept his eyes on the horizon and the black shapes speeding towards them. He picked up a mini cannon and charged the rounds. Mitch was in a coma because of them. Who knew if Mitch would ever wake up and Dex was going to let them feel all of the pain that he was in.

"Get ready! Wait til I give the order then give them everything we've got!" Nate came up beside him, a laser gun in his hand. Seeing Nate's stomach small and round reminded Dex of Mitch's large belly that he now had. Dex was going to kill every last one of them even if he had to rip them apart one by one.

Sick Bay

"AHHHHHHHHH!" Mitch let out a piercing scream and his eyes shot open. All he felt was heat and a terrible throbbing pain all over his body. Mitch bit down on his tongue and tasted blood. He could barely breathe and he felt like something was chocking him.

Mitch reached up to his mouth and found the tube there that was supplying him with oxygen. He coughed as he pulled the tube out and leaned over the side of the bed as he vomited up bile.

Mitch tried to sit up but he felt like a weight was on his chest. He looked down and saw his huge, swollen stomach. He had went from washboard abs to 9 months pregnant in a day!

"Holy shit!" Mitch yelled. He felt his stomach lightly and the hard mass there. He could feel the heat radiating off of him. Suddenly, a small ripple went across his bell and the small shape of a hand appeared on the surface of his skin as his baby moved for the first time. 

Mitch gasped and clasped his hand to his mouth. It felt so alien, but so completely normal at the same time. He hesitantly touched the spot on his belly with the tips of his fingers and tears started streaming down his face as the little life inside of him pressed back.

"Dex?" Mitch kept his hands on his protruding stomach and called out for his companion, but he was nowhere in sight.

"Dex?" Mitch called out again and struggled to sit up and swing his legs over the side of the hover bed. He immediately felt dizzy and nauseous so he took deep breaths and shut his eyes for a moment.

Mitch heaved himself up and felt like he was going to collapse back onto the bed. A loud siren sounded abruptly. Loud explosions and then what sounded like laser cannon fire.

Mitch looked at the door and the distance in between. He needed to get to Dex. He took one unsteady step and then another. His body was awkward to him and he felt like the room was spinning.

"He's such an ass" Mitch said to himself referring to Dex as he exited the room on slow, unstable feet.

Yolarian Plains

The members of the FSC Prudential and the ERDS team soldiers were locked in a battle on the open plains of Yolaris. Laser cannons were screaming as they shot huge bolt of electrified energy into the air. White hot laser rounds were whizzing by like bolts of lightning. Incendiary orbs were exploding everywhere. All you could hear was screaming, explosions and the roaring of hover transports.

Dex was taking cover behind a crashed hover transport. He fired at the ERDS members, picking them off one by one. He didn't know where Nate was. 

Rising above the sound of the battle came a loud screeching cry. Dex turned his head behind him back towards the settlement. A dozen giant Ningini were charging into the fray. Some carried laser rifles while others had these iridescent long staffs that were nearly as tall as them. They bellowed out war cries and attacked the ERDS members with a fury to match Dex's own. 

Dex caught sight of Zhorne who was grabbing a man off of a hover craft and impaled him on the large staff he carried. Some of the Ningini were hit with laser rounds, but they kept going. Florescent blood shined on all them as they threw themselves into the battle.

Dex continued firing at any ERDS members that came into his view. Something silver and metallic rolled near Dex's foot and he looked down. He kicked the orb away from his just before it exploded, but he was thrown backwards from the blast. The ERDS leader appeared through the fiery smoke and advanced on the semi-conscious captain.

FSC Prudential Settlement

Thankfully the Sick Bay was directly under the FSC Prudential. Mitch was able to walk to one of the hatch elevators and get on board. Mitch didn't know how much longer he would be able to stay standing, but he had to get a view of what was happening.

Mitch nearly fainted by the time he got to the Control Room and the Helm. He fell heavily into the Captain's chair and had to fight to stay awake.

"INES. Un-shield the Control Room window screen." Mitch spoke out loud to the on board computer.

"Hello Lieutenant, Stone. Opening control room window screen." INES queued the sliding solar wind protection shield away from the front control window screen. Mitch took in a heavy breath when he saw the scene before him.

Fires were everywhere and as far as he could see there were people fighting each other. Hover crafts spewed out smoke and smog as they shook from the impact of an incendiary orb hit. Laser rounds flicked in the sun and fires sliced through the marshy landscape. Hundreds of people in a swirling, rippling mass of destruction. 

"INES, do we have any weapons systems still on board? Mitch asked as a planned slowly formed in his head.

"All phase cannons have been removed, Lieutenant. The asteroid deflector mortars are also not currently operational." INES informed Mitch.

Mitch shut his eyes and unconsciously embraced his pregnant belly. He thought hard. What could be used as a weapon? What could he do?

Mitch let out a frustrated groan and huffed. Then an idea came to him. 

"INES, is the ships core strong enough to emit an electro wave?" Mitch asked with crossed fingers.

"The ship's core capacity is at 32%, Lieutenant." INES responded.

"Is that a yes!?" Mitch shouted annoyed.

"Yes, Lieutenant. The core is capable of emitting an electro wave." INES said.

Mitch punched the air in triumph and smiled. He started punching in his engineering code and got to work bypassing the security settings in order to use the electro pulse.

When that pulse reached the plains every hover craft, laser gun...everything...would instantly be rendered useless. And Mitch hoped it would give the FSC Prudential soldiers an advantage somehow.

Mitch was putting in the final access cold when a voice behind him made his blood run cold.

"What are you up to...you fucking tease?" Sten said menacingly.