 Dear reader, 

This is not only my first submission but also the first Story I wrote in English so feel free to correct me but please be kind ;)

All people in this story are over 18 years old. 

Enjoy! 

*****

00.37. The clock was slowly ticking away my night shift at the gas station. I hadn't had but a single customer so far and I doubted there were many more to come. 

I slowly started to doze off. Suddenly I heard the door open and a man shout "Hands up, this is a hold up!" 

I winced and looked up, but then recognized the guy that had entered the station. Jack and I had grown up together and even used to be some sort of best friends, at least in primary school, before society had separated the nerd and the soon to be quarterback. 

But even though we weren't exactly friends anymore we had kept a good relationship. We talked from time to time, I helped him in math class and he kept the other kids from harassing me when I decided it was a good idea to wear my Star Trek shirt on the first of class.

"Very funny, man" I tried to sound sarcastic but I didn't do a very good job at it, as I was quite glad to see him. First, because night shifts got extremely boring and secondly, I admit, because I might have had a little crush on that guy. Well, who could judge me? With his tousled, light brown hair, his beautiful brown eyes and his typical football player physique he was the prototype of a teenage heart rob. And his smile! 

"... and as you aren't listening anyway, I think I just keep waiting until you notice I'm still here."

"Uhm..." I turned bright red as he interrupted my thought. "I'm sorry, what did you say?" Apparently I had gotten a little too lost in my admiration of the handsome guy in front of me. 

"A penny for your thoughts" he grinned and then quickly repeated what he had ordered. 

"So... Do you plan to go to the prom?" he asked in a casual tone while paying. I shook my head. 

"Not sure. At least I didn't ask anyone to go with me and going alone would be pretty lame. You're going with Bethany?"

"We... we broke up tonight." He said quietly. "It just didn't work out, I guess." He sighted. 

"Poor you", I said, trying to sound sorry but, to be honest, I had never understood, why a guy like him would want to date a girl as spoiled, overweening and simply annoying as her. 

All of a sudden Mike chuckled. "Remember when we were in kindergarten and my cousin went to prom with his girlfriend and we found it so stupid to waste a whole evening with a girl, we promised the two of us would go to prom together?"

I grinned and told him I couldn't remember any of that.

Mike gave me a strange look, hesitated a moment and then asked: "Maybe we should do it?" 

"Wait what? Are you asking me for a date?" I asked, trying to make it sound like a joke. Why would he come up with this? 

"Why not. Better than going alone, right? Just to bros going to prom. Like... " He thought about it a second and then grinned "A Brom date! What do you say?"

To be honest I was not sure about this but I knew I would hate myself for missing out on that opportunity so I answered: "Right. Okay, count me in." trying to sound a lot cooler then I was. "Wanna meet at school?" I asked.

"No way!" he exclaimed. "It's Brom!" again that cheeky grin! "I expect you to pick me up! Don't disappoint me." He flashed an incredible smile and then departed, leaving me to wonder what the fuck had just happened. 

Needless to say my heart was pounding when I arrived at Jack's house a couple days later. I rang the doorbell and winced as the door was opened immediately. "You came," he exclaimed and seemed to be all smiles. "Uhm... I mean... Cool thing, bro." 

I chuckled. "Wouldn't break a kindergarten promise," I joked.

We talked a lot on the way to our prom location. School, of course, but also sports, music and movies. To my surprise we had a very similar taste, except the shocking fact he had never seen any of the Star Wars movies. 

"I can't believe people like you even exist!" I said, shaking my head in disbelief. 

He put on a contrite look and pretended to lower his head in shame. "I'm so sorry. Would you teach me, master?"

I nodded regally but warned him, that would mean spending a lot of time with me and my special edition collector's DVDs. To my surprise, he agreed.

"But for tonight" he said, as we reached the location, "let's have some fun!" He held the door open for me and we entered the poorly decorated gym our school had chosen to be the perfect location to say goodbye to their former students.

Prom itself was very much as expected. Girls in cheap looking dresses acting like the princess they would never be next to guys that either looked like mini James Bonds or as if they would have preferred boxers and a bucket of chicken wings to uncomfortable suits and ties. Just for your information, Jacky seemed to be the first while I was more to be the latter.

But despite my distrust in school activities in general and Senior Proms in special I found myself really enjoying the evening. Jack looked incredible in his suit and, as stupid that might be to say about someone who probably only saw you as a friend, when we talked I felt like all the people around us simply disappeared. Cliché spotted, I know but that was just how it felt. 

The whole evening I was busy trying not to lose myself in his eyes and oppressing the urge to kiss him right then and there. Apart from that, we did the typical school dance things. We tried to have conversations by screaming over the music, had some not-alcohol-free-anymore-after-some-guys-managed-to-bring-along-vodka drinks and even danced. Sadly more next to than with each other but at least I got to watch his incredible body. 

As the evening went on, people got more and more drunk, the music got louder and the whole thing more annoying with every passing minute. So we decided to leave, even though it made me sad to think of letting him go, not knowing, how soon, or if, we would meet again.

Just as we were about to leave, someone got in our way. Bethany.

She was drunk on a level that was beyond funny and nearly stumbled over her own feet when she tried to take Jack's hand. He looked irritated and pulled away. She looked at him in a way that her drunk self might have found seductive and mumbled "Come on Jacky, you didn't mean to leave me. Just of you jokes. You not... gay. I don't believe. Tell me you wouldn't leave me for this dork there, right?" 

Jack stared at her as she kept on rambling, he looked frantic and desperate and tried to shush her. "Beth, please, we talked about this, please stop! I simply don't love you." 

That was the moment she snapped. "Fine!" She screamed. "Leave me for that fag! Stupid dick sucker! Fuck you! I deserve better!" With that she turned around, somehow managed not to trip and rushed off.

Jack stood there like a kid left in the rain. He didn't look at me or anyone else. My thoughts were turning. What the fuck did just happen?! I stepped up to Jack and touched his arm.

He winced. "Wanna get out? Maybe talk?" I asked him quietly. He nodded slightly and followed me out. 

"I' so sorry," he whispered, as soon as we were alone. "I didn't mean to... I don't... I... Shit." He turned his back to me. "Shitshitshit" he mumbled. 

"Jack," I said softly, "it's okay. Talk to me." He turned back to me and I saw tears in his eyes. 

"I'm sorry. I didn't want it to be like this. And please don't think I was trying to trick you into something. Listen, I really wanted to go out with you, just once, before you move away for college, but I never knew how to ask for it. It's true, you know. I'm gay. Damn, I never should have told her but I just needed to tell anyone! And right after I came out to her and broke up I met you, so I somehow just went for it and made up that stupid cousin story, I'm so sorry. Please don't hate me now, I will leave you alone, I promise, I..." 

He stopped, not knowing what else to say and not able to look at me. I carefully wiped away a tear from his face and then hugged him tightly. After a short moment of surprise he hugged me back and put his head on my shoulder. 

We stood like that for what seemed to be an eternity, before I pulled away and looked into his eyes. "Jack," I whispered, "I've liked you for years." 

Watching his face light up was the most amazing thing I had ever seen. He hugged me again, almost pressing the air out of my lungs and kissed me. It was not like the first kiss you see in movies. It was passionate, ardent and a little hungry and a little clumsy, the kiss of someone who had been waiting for too long. 

Still it made my head spin and my knees weak so I was glad he kept holding me close. After what seemed way to short he broke the kiss. His voice sounded throaty, when he asked me to leave this place and go somewhere, where we would have some more privacy. 

"Please don't get this wrong, I don't want to put any pressure on you or something, but my folks are gone over the weekend, so I have the house for myself and I was wondering if you would like to, you know, want to stay the night?" the look he gave me reminded me of a child asking for sweets. 

"Of course, I would love to!" I said, as I kissed him again.