 A UNIQUE SHOPPING ADVENTURE

Sandy and Brad were in bed Monday morning in the familiar spoon position with Brad's cock buried in the sweet blonde ass. He fucked the pretty gay neighbor slowly and as he did, he caressed the slender body. He loved fondling the small titties and cupping a smooth buttock. Brad felt the familiar signs just before he ejaculated and then he flooded the anal passage with another large load. He continued to caress the delicate body after cumming in the sweet ass.

"You like my body, don't you Brad?"

"Yes, I do. I like everything about your body. Your cute titties, shapely legs, narrow waist and most of all your incredible ass. Let's get up now and have some breakfast. Then we will go shopping for your new clothes. I can't wait to see you in some of those outfits." 

They got out of bed, showered and ate breakfast before Sandy dressed like a young woman. Brad helped him pick out clothes that would work. When they were done, Sandy was wearing short shorts that displayed his very shapely legs and emphasized his curvy bottom. He also wore a dark tee shirt without a bra covering his cute tits. His mother's shoe size was close to his so he wore a pair of her sandals. He also wore a thin bracelet of hers. He tied his long blonde hair up in a ponytail and then used a light shade of his mother's lipstick.

Brad was extremely impressed and let out a wolf whistle. "Sandy, you look beautiful. No one at the store is going to doubt that you are a pretty young woman."

They left in Brad's car to go to the department store that was having the sale. On the drive there, Brad kept looking a Sandy almost in disbelief. He glanced at the lovely legs several times. He parked the car and they entered the store just after it opened at 10:00 AM. Sandy couldn't help but blush at first but then he got comfortable in the lady's section. 

With Brad's help, he picked out several outfits to try on, the first one being the denim skirt and a tube top. When Sandy stepped out of the fitting room, Brad gave another soft whistle. He was astonished with how good Sandy looked. Just then a salesgirl approached them and offered to help Sandy if needed. Sandy returned to the fitting room and tried on another outfit. This one was another mini-skirt and a shirt that tied around his waist showing off his flat belly.

The salesgirl had remained there and Brad sensed that the girl might be gay. She again complimented Sandy and again offered to be of any help. Brad got a kick out of the situation since it became clear that she was hitting on Sandy, thinking that he was indeed a pretty young woman. Sandy tried on a few more outfits and they settled on three of them. Next it was time to select some silk panties. Brad also convinced Sandy to pick out some sandals and then Sandy spotted something that really got him excited.

"Oh Brad look at this."

"What the hell is that?"

"It's a kind of jump suit or snuggie. But look it has a flap for your bottom so you can go to the bathroom without having to take it off."

"Okay I get it. So, you'll use it when you go to the bathroom like a girl. Better yet, I can lower the flap and fuck your ass."

"Right and feel how soft it is. I could wear it after swimming or the Jacuzzi."

"I like it. You should get it."

They were done shopping and checked out with the gay salesgirl. She was still overboard with Sandy and gave him her business card in case there were any problems with the purchase. The two of them left the store and headed for the parking lot.

"Well Sandy, you passed your first big test in passing yourself off as a young woman. You even had that salesgirl fooled. She was hitting on you all morning. That would have been something if she went to eat your pussy and found your dick there instead."

"I can't believe it. I want to do this again. I mean be in public like a girl."

"You will, in fact let's stop for lunch at that Italian place. We'll have some more fun with this." 

"Oh, my God, I never though going public would be like this. I am really turned on. I have an erection." 

"You can jerk off in the car. That will calm you some. I have napkins in the console."

They got in the car and as they drove to the restaurant, Sandy jerked off. He lowered his shorts slightly and fished his dick out through the panties. It didn't take long at all for him to cum and shoot his load into the paper napkins. He wiped his cock clean and then tucked it back in his panties and pulled up his shorts.

"Feel better?"

"Oh, my God this is so wild. Yes, I feel better now that I came."

"Good, we're almost there. Now don't forget, if you have to use the bathroom, use the ladies room."

They pulled in the parking lot and then entered the restaurant. It was early enough that they were seated right away. And the captain went out of his way to be polite to Sandy, another indicator that he was passing himself off as a young woman. Brad ordered some wine for them and they relaxed for several minutes before ordering lunch. They got a kick out of the waiter addressing them as signore and signorina.

"Oh Brad, this is really too much. I never thought that I would be able to do this but I love it."

"Everyone thinks that you are a lovely young woman. That's what you wanted and now it happened."

They ordered lunch and afterward the waiter brought them after-dinner drinks complimentary of the restaurant. "Sambuca for signore and limoncello for signorina."

They enjoyed their drinks and then it was time to pay the check and head home. Back in the car, Sandy was still turned on. He was in the mood to suck Brad's cock but Brad put him off and told him to be patient. He was already thinking about having Sandy model all the outfits and then he would fuck that sweet ass again. The drive home seemed like an eternity even though it was less than 30 minutes. Once they were at Brad's house he had Sandy bring all the clothes inside. 

In the family room, Sandy put his mother's stuff aside and changed into the new outfits. Brad sat there as Sandy paraded around showing off the new clothes and his hot body. The final outfit was Brad's favorite and he had Sandy model it last. It was the denim mini-skirt and pink tube top. Sandy struck several poses in the outfit and that did it for Brad. He had Sandy turn his back to him and then he unzipped the skirt.

The zipper started at the hem at the back of the skirt. Brad unzipped it all the way to Sandy's waist and then he fondled the lovely cheeks encased in silk panties. Minutes later, Brad lowered his slacks and briefs to his knees. Then he pulled the silk panties down just below Sandy's buttocks. He played with the lovely ass for several minutes relishing the most erotic scene he could remember. 

Anxious to fuck the sweet ass, he lubed it quickly and slid his thick dick into the anal chamber. Sandy gasped at the penetration and he too thought it had to be the sexiest moment in his life. To Brad the scene was indescribable. They were still partially dressed and no article of clothing had been removed. The denim mini-skirt was parted, the panties were pulled down just below the buttocks and the tube top was raised baring the cute titties. If anyone were to witness them, they would say that Brad was fucking a very pretty girl in the ass. 

"Sandy, it is so hard to describe how good you look."

"Am I sexy, do I look like a girl?"

"Oh, my God yes, you look so much like a girl, a beautiful girl with her ass stuffed with cock."

Brad sensed that he would cum soon and that it would be a big one given his excitement. He didn't want semen on the family room furniture or carpet. He also didn't want to soil Sandy's new clothes. As much as he would have loved to fill that anal channel with another copious load, he thought better of it.

"Sandy, let's go to my bedroom. I feel like I am going to blow a huge load and I don't want to do it here."

They went up to Brad's bedroom and there they too off their clothes. They were both naked when they got in Brad's bed. However, Sandy did not let his hair down and it stayed in the ponytail. Now on all fours in bed, he looked like a sweet blonde haired girl about to get her ass fucked. Neither one of them could recall when they were so turned on. Brad quickly knelt behind his blonde lover and slipped his cock back in the sweet ass.

Sandy began pushing his ass back on the big dick and as he did his blonde ponytail swayed back and forth adding to the eroticism of the moment. All of this consumed Brad quickly and he felt his release building in his toes. Within seconds the surge filled his shaft but he pulled out just before he came. Streams shot out of his cock and he aimed it at Sandy's buttocks and anus. The buttocks were covered with the mighty load with a substantial portion coating the dilated anus. Brad pushed his still hard cock back in the curvy ass and let the sphincter squeeze out the remaining dollops of his seed.

He leaned over the blond and his hands found the lovable titties and elongated nipples. He played with the little boobs and tweaked the hard nubs for several minutes while his cock was still hard in the warm chute. Sandy had not cum yet and he decided that he wanted to sit on Brad's thick cock.

"Brad, get on your back, I want to sit on your cock."

Brad eased his cock out of the curvy bottom and rolled to his back. Sandy straddled him and carefully lowered his ass onto the big shaft. Slowly, he let the cock enter him and gradually fill his passage yet again. He adjusted to the fullness in that position and then began to move up and down. He stroked his own cock as he rode the bigger one. Brad looked up into the sweet looking face. He smiled at Sandy, who with the long blonde ponytail, a trace of pink lipstick and the cute titties, really looked like a young woman riding his cock.

Brad played with darling little titties as Sandy rod him and jerked off. Within minutes sandy announced he was cumming and he ejaculated onto to Brad's chest and abs. It was a huge load, one of his largest as he was that turned on. After squeezing out the last of his semen, he fell forward onto Brad who in turn wrapped his arms around the slender blonde. Sandy could feel his own semen on his tits and his upper body as Brad hugged him tight. They remained still for some time and then Sandy turned his face up to be kissed. For Brad, it was just like kissing a girl again as the lips were so soft. This time however with Sandy wearing lipstick and his hair in a ponytail, it truly was like a girl. They cuddled for several minutes and they could feel the semen drying on their bodies.

"Let's hit the Jacuzzi and then cool off in the pool," Brad whispered.

Sandy lifted himself off the softening cock and let it slip from his ass. The semi-soft pecker plopped down on Brad's abdomen. They went down to the lanai naked and entered the Jacuzzi after removing the cover. The warm bubbly water was a welcome sensation and Sandy quickly located his favorite jet to douche his anus. They stayed in for nearly a half-hour and then cooled off in the pool.

One their body temperatures were lowered they dried off and returned to the house. Brad put on a tee and nylon shorts but Sandy opted to wear his new soft and cuddly jump suit. He donned the pink outfit and he looked alluring in it. He checked himself out in the mirror and loved what he saw. Sandy bounced down the stairs ahead of Brad and his ponytail swayed and bobbed as he did. Brad felt his loins stir again and he knew that later he would be lowering that flap and fucking Sandy's sweet ass.

They got a couple of drinks and then chilled out in the family room. They listened to music and relaxed before they decided to call out for pizza. Even though he had already fucked Sandy twice that day, Brad was getting horny again watching Sandy in the pink jump suit. While they were finishing the pizza, Brad's dad called from Cabo to check on things.

"Hi dad, how is it going? Having fun?"

"We are having a great time. Is everything okay there?"

"Oh yeah, everything is fine."

"Have you seen Sandy today? His mom called him at the house but he wasn't there."

"He's right here if she wants to talk to him. I felt like having pizza tonight so I invited him over."

"That was considerate of you. Hold on a sec, Lisa, Sandy is at my house. He and Brad are having pizza. Do you want to speak to him? Okay. Brad she doesn't need to speak to him as long as everything is fine."

"Yeah everything is cool."

"Okay, well take care and we'll see you Friday."

"Bye dad, have fun!"

Brad hung up the phone and watched Sandy as he walked into the kitchen. The little tease had opened the back flap on his jump suit showing off his super fine ass. When Sandy came back in the family room. He had a mischievous grin on his face. Brad decided it was time to fuck him again. 

"Get over here and kneel on the sofa. Face the back of it. I want to fuck you wearing that jump suit."

"You like me wearing that don't you?"

"I do. You look so damn sexy with your ass sticking out through the opening in back."

Sandy got up on the sofa with his curvy bottom sticking through the back of the jump suit. Brad had no trouble getting hard again as the sight was unbelievably erotic. He fucked Sandy for nearly an hour before cumming again and then they were done for the day. Sandy stayed the night again in Brad's bed. They still had four more days together before their parents got home and they were going to make the most of it.

WHAT TO DO IN A RAIN STORM

On Tuesday morning Brad woke up way before Sandy and he decided to let the blonde neighbor sleep in. Not that he couldn't have fucked him early that morning but he decided to cool it and enjoy the rest of the day. He rolled out of bed, put on his gym shorts and went down to the kitchen to put the coffee on. Thirty minutes later, Sandy woke up put on his shorts and joined Brad in the kitchen. They sat at the kitchen table enjoying their first cup of coffee.

"I was thinking it would be nice to go out for breakfast."

"Sounds good, I'll stop at home to get some clothes."

"No, I want you to dress like a girl again. Wear that beige mini-skirt with the halter top that ties around your waist."

"Really, you want me to wear that to breakfast."

"Absolutely, it's like going on a date and put your hair in a ponytail. Come on and let's shower and get dressed."

They finished their coffee, showered and dressed. Brad wore shorts, sandals and a polo shirt. Sandy dressed as he had been told and once again looked stunning. He really looked like a sexy young woman. Brad drove to the coffee shop where they would have lattes and pastries. As they were eating it began to rain and they ordered another latte as they planned to wait out the rain.

Finally, there was a break in the storm and they dashed for his car. However, before they were able to leave the parking lot the skies opened up. Even with the wipers going full speed it was impossible to see clearly. Brad pulled the car to the back of the lot and turned off the engine.

"It's too dangerous to drive in this storm. We'll stay here until it clears up some. Looks like we are going to be here awhile, we might as well make the most of it," Brad said and then he began to unbuckle his belt.

"What are you doing?" Sandy giggled.

"Taking my cock out so you can suck it."

"Someone might see us."

"Nobody is going to see us silly. It's pouring rain out and the windows are beginning to fog up."

"Okay but let's get in the back seat."

Blushing with excitement, Sandy with Brad's assistance climbed over the front seat and into the back. Brad followed him. Sandy that day had just worn the mini-skirt without hose. Brad's hands roamed over the halter top covered breasts and Sandy groaned aloud. He then put his hands under the top and fondled the lovely boobs. Next, he pushed it up baring the cute tits. He lowered his mouth to the breasts and sucked on the nipples. The nipples responded and soon they were like hard pencil erasers sticking out.

Sandy was crooning and groaning as Brad fondled and sucked the tits. His little dick was rock hard and wet with pre-cum. The smell of sex was present in the car. Brad slipped his hand under the min-skirt and caressed the smooth legs. Brad ran his hand over the pubes and found the panties to be drenched with pre-cum. He then put both hands on the waistband of the panties and pulled them off of Sandy's hot body. Brad slipped his finger into the anus and Sandy humped his hand rapidly. Sandy came quickly due to his excitement and his body thrashed around in the car. 

Brad rapidly unfastened his shorts and pushed them along with his underwear down his legs. Sandy quickly grabbed the stiff cock and covered it with his mouth. As he sucked the cock, he felt Brad lubing his rectum. He didn't know where Brad got the lotion from but it didn't matter. After sucking him for several minutes, Sandy straddled his lover and lowered his ass onto the throbbing hard cock. He groaned softly as the shaft penetrated him and filled his ass. Sandy began to rock back and forth as Brad thrust up into him.

Brad pushed the halter top back up so he could suck the tits as he fucked him. He then grasped the buttocks with both hands and squeezed the sweet cheeks. Sandy had a beautiful firm ass and Brad loved holding it as he banged away. The two of them fucked each other with passion. Brad grunted as his body stiffened and he fired a barrage of cum deep into Sandy's rectum. Brad did not give Sandy a minute of rest as he began to remove the remaining clothes. He wanted Sandy completely naked in the car when he fucked him again. He removed the top baring the fantastic tits. Next, he removed the sandals and skirt. Sandy was completely naked in the car for the first time in his life. He truly felt like a naughty girl. 

Brad turned Sandy so that he faced away and he embraced him from behind. He put his hands around Sandy and cupped the firm little tits. His cock slid up into the crack of the ass and nestled in between the cheeks. Sandy leaned back into Brad and he kissed the blonde on the neck. He then let his hands slide down the front of Sandy's body over her flat tummy and down to her luscious thighs. Sandy cooed as his hands made their descent. Brad held the little erection and played with it. 

"Brad, please I need you inside me again now."

His cock slid easily into the loose lubricated ass and Sandy gasped as it penetrated him deeply. They began a slow and steady fucking motion but before too long they were pounding each other racing toward their orgasms. Sandy jerking his cock came first, his eyes rolled and his body went into spasms as he ejaculated. Brad kept right on fucking the snug ass. Brad finally shot another load deep into the curvy bottom. His body went rigid as he drove his cock in as far as it would go and fired warm streams of cum into the clenching, gripping rectum. Sandy totally forgot they were in the restaurant parking lot as he was overcome with the car sex. He stretched out face down on the back seat. Noticing that the rain had subsided somewhat, Brad spoke.

"I'll drive back to the house. You can stay in the back," he said as he pulled up his shorts and underwear. 

He then got in the driver's seat and started the car. He let the front window defog and then he began the short drive back to the house. It was still raining but not the downpour it was earlier. Sandy was dressed by the time they reached the house and parked in the garage. They went back in the house and Brad patted Sandy on the ass.

"That was fun."

"I felt like a girl again."

"Let's hit the Jacuzzi for a while and get this dampness out of our bones. Then I want you to wear the jump suit again." 

They stripped off their damp clothes and let them hang to dry out. Then they went to the lanai and sat in the Jacuzzi for nearly an hour relaxing in the bubbly warm water. Sandy douched his ass with the jets and at one point he sat in front of Brad and they cuddled. Brad played with the cute titties as his cock hardened in the crack of the shapely ass. Eventually they got out and dried off. Brad put on his nylon shorts and Sandy donned the pink jump suit.
