 Hello All!

It has been such a LONG time since I last submitted a chapter to Project Phoenix. I abandoned it for 2 years; I just didn't have the time. But I would come back to it and read you guys' comments...it inspired me to finish the story. So I am dedicating this chapter to all my fans who have been waiting for the next chapter for so long. I am very happy to announce that the ENTIRE story is completed and I will publish it in sections over the course of a couple weeks! This is Chapter 7 (in Chapter 6's I mistakenly wrote "chapter seven") I hope that you all enjoy the Chapter and are happy to see Dex and Mitch back. I worked pretty hard to edit it, but if there are still some minor mistakes please disregard because I don't think I will have the time to correct them. As always, your comments are extremely welcome! Enjoy!

xxxYaoiLover21xxx

*****

The tunnel that the Ningini was guiding them through was nearly pitch black except for the iridescent moss that was growing on the walls. The Ningini seemed to have no problem finding his way through. The members of the FSC Prudential just followed the native, since his skin was visible in the blackness. 

Nate Zimms was walking next to the Ningini, bombarding him with questions.

"Are all your people able to talk telepathically?" Zimms asked inquisitively.

The Ningini cocked his head slightly, but kept his head faced forward.

"I think it's cool. So can you hear my thoughts or do I have to speak out loud?"

"No more talk." The Ningini said into Zimms' head.

"Oh, I'm sorry. Am I bothering you? I didn't mean to-"

"No bother. Noise echoes here, best to be quiet," the Ningini explained. Zimms nodded and made the gesture of locking his mouth shut and throwing away an invisible key. He'd seen the gesture once in an old visual program, called a movie, when he was younger. The Ningini just shook his head .

Captain Dex Ordenal was at the back of the line with Mitch. Mitch was still pretty weak, but he was walking on his own. Still Dex didn't want to leave his side.

"How are you feeling?" Dex questioned with worry in his voice.

"I feel like hammered shit." Mitch's voice was hoarse and he kept gasping whenever his arm touched the wall of the tunnel.

"We should be near the settlement I think. I'm taking you straight to sick bay," Dex stated. He wanted Mitch to be checked over right away.

"I'll be fine. You should make sure everyone's safe and start preparing our defenses. Those ERDS members aren't going to stop hunting us down." Mitch said grimly.

"I'll protect you. I'll protect everyone." Dex affirmed.

Edge of the Yolarian Jungle

A section of solid stone slide away from the tunnel and blinding light streamed into the tunnel making everyone wince. They stepped out into the Yolarian Jungle again, but the FSC Prudential was visible on the right, maybe 5 miles out.

"Safe now. " The Ningini said to Dex who had left his position at the rear to gaze upon the FSC.

"Thank you so much. Your people should come here. We can protect them." The Captain was going to hold up his end of the bargain. The native had trusted them and gotten his companion to safety.

The Ningini nodded and then turned and walked away, but before he got to the tunnel Zimms ran up to him. Zimms grabbed the Ningini's arm; he turned to the Navigational Officer. Zimms just stared at the native and the Ningini cocked his head to the side, listening to Zimms' unspoken words. Then the Ningini leaned forward and Zimms kissed him on the cheek. 

"Aw, sweet." Mitch said dismally as he leaned up against the trunk of tree and slid to the ground. He winced at the pain from the friction.

The Ningini turned from Zimms and entered the dark tunnel once again. Zimms came to stand by the Captain as the rock entranced closed behind them.

"What are we going to do?" Zimms said ignoring what had just happened between him and the Ningini.

"We need to get back and warn everyone. Get some kind of defenses up," the Captain explained.

Zimms nodded and started across the marshy plain with his hands held on the side of his stomach. Dex went to Mitch and helped him back up. They marched across the plane as quickly as possible, not knowing how close the ERDS team was.

ERDS Team, Yolarian Jungle

"Where the hell did they go!?" The ERDS leader bellowed to his men. His shoulder was still bleeding, but he wouldn't let anyone look at it. His eyes were full of fury and he was pacing back and forth in the clearing where they had lost sight of the FSC crew.

"I don't know sir." One of his men spoke up. 

"Maybe something in the forest ate them or something," Someone else suggested.

"Really? Ate them? You are all fucking idiots! They were just here and now they are NOT!" The leader picked up a large stone near his foot and hurled it at his men. They jumped out of the way as best they could.

The leader threw a rather large rock at the head of the team member who had spoken first. The ERDS member ducked and the rock crashed into the stone face behind him. Then suddenly there was a slight clicking sound and the stone slid away revealing a tunnel entrance.

"Those sons of bitches. God damn Canaries!" The leader spoke half in anger and half in amusement.

"I should have known those yellow skinned fags would help them. Come on!" And he led the way into the Ningini tunnel.

FSC Prudential Settlement

Everyone rushed to help the missing crew members when they arrived back at the settlement. Mitch was taken to sick bay along with a couple others. The Captain followed and stayed by Mitch's side the entire time. The doctor ran a series of scans on Mitch while another med-tech patched and healed some of his superficial wounds.

The doctor pulled Dex aside to speak to him privately.

"Captain, your companion is not well." The doctor informed Dex. The doctor was of medium height with a black mustache and sandy blonde hair. He had olive skin and shallow green eyes.

"He was put in an elctro gell cell; he was burned pretty bad, I know." Dex agreed and lowered his head.

"It's not his burns. They'll heal fine. It's the fetus. Being so early in the term it is quite possible that it may not survive."

Dex jerked his head up, his eyes wide.

"Wait what? What do you mean fetus? He's not pregnant." Dex stared hard at the doctor in disbelief.

"Yes he is. Only 5 weeks or so, but he is definitely pregnant. But the shocks and the sedatives that he was injected with harmed the fetus and there may be a chance that it may not live to term." 

Dex shook his head back and forth and stared past the doctor into the room where Mitch was being placed in a medi-chamber.

"But...but he never said anything. " Dex spoke in a low voice.

"It is possible that he didn't know," The doctor reasoned.

"The baby is going to die?" Dex strained to talk. It felt like his throat was closing on him. The vision of Kay laying cold on a hospital hover bed made Dex's blood run cold.

"The electro current threw off the fetus' heartbeat. It's erratic and slower than it should be. The fetus seems to be in distress."

"There's nothing that you can do?" Dex asked as calmly as he could. He couldn't lose another baby.

The doctor frowned and took a deep breath before he spoke.

"There may be one thing. We could JUMP the fetus. But that would be dangerous." The doctor let the idea sink into Dex's head.

JUMP'ing was the artificial procedure of speeding up the growth rate of a living organism. It was mostly used on crops and vegetation in order to supply food after humans nearly destroyed the planet. It had never been tried on humans before, but theoretically it was possible.

"What could go wrong?" Dex asked, afraid of the answer.

"The fetus is already growing at an accelerated rate from the modification surgery. If we were to JUMP, then we would have to be very careful not to progress the growth too far or the large size of the baby could kill your companion."

Dex rubbed his head and tried to breath. His chest was tight and he felt dizzy. Was this the decision that Kay had spoken of in his dream? If he tried to save the baby the procedure could kill Mitch. But if he didn't do something the baby would die. 

"Is Mitch awake so I can ask him what he wants to do?" Dex asked.

"He was a bit groggy when you brought him in but he should be awake enough to talk. Please make your decision quickly, you don't have much time." The doctor urged him then walked away.

Dex approached the medi -chamber that encased Mitch in an air tight glass cocoon. Mitch had his eyes closed but he opened his them when he heard Dex pull up a chair.

"What did the doctor say?" Mitch asked. His voice was still hoarse, but his eyes were no longer glassy and unfocused.

"I don't know how to tell you this." Dex looked down at his hands.

"Just say it. I'm a big boy. I can take it." Mitch tried to smile.

Dex looked up and lightly let his fingertips touch the glass near Mitch's stomach.

"The doctor says that you're pregnant and that the baby is in trouble."

"WHAT?!" Mitch shot up in the medi-chamber and hit his head hard against the glass. Dex jumped and fumbled with the controls to open the chamber. Mitch fell back onto the bed, clutching his forehead.

"The fuck you mean I'm pregnant!? Already? I mean Jesus! How- well not how but when...why...what is going on!?" Mitch was frantic and was pushing at the glass that surrounded him as Dex finally found the button to remove it.

Dex grabbed Mitch up in his arms and tried to calm him even though he wasn't feeling too calm himself.

"Your only a few weeks in. The doctor said you probably didn't know. But babe you have to calm down and listen to me." Dex pulled the mumbling Mitch away from his chest and looked him in the eye.

"The baby is in trouble. The shocks you took altered his heartbeat. They want to JUMP the baby's growth in order to speed up the pregnancy." Dex spoke slowly and kept his eyes locked with Mitch's.

"JUMP? Like what they do with cabbage? " Mitch yelled and shook his head frantically.

"I'm not going to have my kid put in a microwave so it can cook faster! And besides what will that do to me?" Mitch yelled into Dex's face and tried to get out of the medi-chamber. Dex held him tight.

"There is no other way to save the baby. The baby will die." 

Mitch froze instantly at Dex's words. He looked down at his stomach and was quiet. Tears formed in the corners of his eyes and tears were soon flowing freely down his face.

"How could I not have known, Dex?" Mitch questioned, the tears chocking him up. "I went off into some Alien jungle and put my baby, that I didn't even know I was carrying, in danger." Dex tried to soothe Mitch.

"How were you supposed to know how it would feel when you became pregnant? Mitch, its and honest mistake, but we need to figure out what we are going to do." Dex hugged Mitch to him. He felt Mitch's muscular arms wrap around him and Mitch's stumbled chin graze across his skin. 

"What could happen to me if I agree with the JUMP?" Mitch asked in a whisper.

"You...you could die." Dex spoke hesitantly but he didn't know how else to say it. Mitch was a soldier after all. He could take it.

Mitch pulled back from Dex and wiped his nose. 

"Do it." 

"Are you sure?" Dex wanted to make sure Mitch was 100% positive about his decision.

"Yes, I'm sure. I didn't go through all that pain from the surgery just to let my baby die." Mitch felt extremely protective of the life inside of him, even if it did screw his mind up pretty bad.

Dex just nodded and leaned in to kiss Mitch. Dex didn't know if he could have chosen between Mitch or his unborn child.

Yolarian Plains, FSC Settlement

"Quick! Put those crates on the west side. Stack 'em on top of each other if you have to!" Nate Zimms ordered the crew of the Prudential. He had on a fresh uniform and his cuts and bruised were faded and hardy visible. His round baby bump was clearly visible through is shirt, making Nate's back arch slightly.

"Break down all the homes on the East side. We need to be able to get to the Pru fast." Zimms was directing technicians, engineers, labor crews and anyone else who came into view. He knew Dex was with Mitch in Sick Bay so he needed to step up to the plate.

Nate was directing the placement of a laser force field dock when he sighted movement on the plains. He ran closer to make out what it was. 

"They can't be attacking already?" Zimms said out loud to himself.

But as the moving mass came closer, the staggering height of the forms came into view. Yellow skin was reflecting in the light of the Yolarian suns and millions of twinkling beams radiated off of the beads and bracelets coiled around their tall bodies.

"The Ningini!" Zimms yelled. He immediately ordered people to get into transport vehicles and go and meet the native of Yolaris.

When Nate reached the group of Ningini he scanned the crowd for the one who had helped them escape. There were maybe 60 or so Ningini. Some were broad shouldered and strong, but the majority were older; their skin was dull and they walked slightly hunched over. They were all males.

Zimms yelped when he spotted the Ningini that had helped them. The native was helping an older Ningini get onto one of the transports. Nate ran up to him, one hand on the side of his belly.

"You're okay. I was worried." Zimms smiled. His cherub face nearly cut in half from the beaming grin.

The Ningini made a bowing motion.

"Safe. You are safe." The Ningini took a step towards Zimms and looked down at his stomach. Nate blushed as the Ningini stared at his swollen abdomen. The Ningini reached out a large hand and placed it on the top of Zimms' stomach.

Nate shuddered slightly and closed his eyes for a moment.

"We need to get you and your people to the settlement. Those ERDS members could attack at any minute." Nate said breathlessly as a blush spread across his milky cheek, making his freckles stand out.

The Ningini took his eyes off of Zimms' stomach and removed his hand slowly. He bowed again and walked away to help some of the other Ningini get onto the transports.

Nate shook his shoulders slightly and bit his lip. He soon followed the Ningini and helped get everyone moving.

Sick Bay

"Are you ready?" Dex asked Mitch as he held his hand tightly. Mitch was laying on an operating table in a make shift surgical room. Mitch's eyes were darting around the room rapidly.

"No." Mitch said flatly. He was scared shitless.

"You'll be fine. I won't let anything happen to you." Dex tried to reassure his companion.

"You don't really have control over this, babe." Mitch said through tight lips. The doctor came up beside the couple. He was wearing a surgical mask that hid the bottom of his face. Mitch felt sick.

"Your chances are good, Lieutenant. But the risk is still there. I want you to be sure that you want to proceed before we get started." The doctor leaned near Mitch when he spoke and rested a hand on his shoulder.

"No offense, but this situation sucks either way. But I'm not going to let my...my ...baby die. " Mitch was resolute, but that didn't stop him from freaking out.

Dex just held Mitch's hand tighter and tried not to cry. Mitch was putting himself at risk for a baby that he had just found out was growing inside him. Brave was not a strong enough word to describe Mitch. Dex felt overcome with love for his companion. Mitch had rolled with the punches and even now when his life was in danger, he put himself last.

Dex made a pledge to himself to let Mitch know every second of every day from here on out how much he loved him.

"Shit, shit, shit" Mitch went into a chant as they wheeled him further into the room. Dex was led out of the room and instructed to wait.

Communications Unit

"How do you work this thing?" McMahon asked Sten. He was fumbling with a comm unit trying to upload his video message to a NF satellite near their orbit. Sten grabbed the comm and shook his head.

"What do they teach you guys? Just how to order people around?" Sten asked annoyed. Dealing with McMahon was starting to annoy him, but he was a means to an end. Once NF soldiers got here and obliterated everyone he would finally have his revenge on his snot nosed ex-companion, the Captain and his cock tease mate.

"They teach us diplomacy and how to rule men, you brutish Neanderthal." McMahon shot back and snatched the comm back from Sten.

"A neo-what?" Sten looked confused.

"A Neanderthal. Pre-historic human." McMahon educated Sten with a know-it-all tone.

"Whatever." Sten rolled his eyes and went back to fidgeting with the satellite uplink. 

"Shit! The closest satellite is over a light year away!" Sten punched the screen of the comm unit he was using and cracked it.

McMahon jumped at Sten's violent display.

"There is no way we can get a message to the National Federation?" McMahon started to sweat. He needed his power back. He needed the National Federation to come swopping in and restore order.

"None. Nothing is close enough. Even if we sent out a message it could take decades for it to reach Earth." Sten clenched his fists and started turning red.

"Well figure out a way you useless lout! Fast!" Sten turned his burning eyes to McMahon. He rose from his crouched position and towered over McMahon. McMahon saw the look in Sten's eyes. He backed up fast, tripped over a box of equipment and fell backwards.

Sten stood over McMahon and looked down at him.

"Are rulers supposed to be afraid of, what was it called? A Neanderthal?" Sten spoke in a deadly tone and raised an amused eyebrow.

"You can't touch me. I'm a NF representative. You'll be executed!" McMahon was stuttering and shaking.

"The NF isn't here. No one knows we are here. And no one will notice you're gone." Sten reached down and snapped McMahon's neck before the representative could get out a scream.

Edge of The Yolarian Jungle

"Is that the ship?" One of the ERDS team members said out loud.

"Yes it is boys. Time to call in the cavalry." The leader, Watts, raised a large gun and fired it into the air. A bright green flare shot into the sky and exploded.

Yolaris Settlement

"There here!" Someone yelled.

Nate Zimms was standing next to the Ningini that had rescued them. They were distributing food and water to the Ningini refugees. 

Zimms turned his head and saw a flare streak into the sky.

"We need to get Dex." Zimms started for the Sick Bay. His Ningini protector was right behind him. 

"Your leader. Where?" The Ningini asked Zimms.

"Sick bay. His companion was hurt pretty bad." Zimms picked up the pace as he neared the doors to the Sick Bay building.

Zimms burst through the makeshift doors and made straight for the operating entrance. A burly looking mad in a a white lab coat tried to stop Zimms from going in. In an instant the Ningini had sidestepped Zimms and grabbed the burley employee by the collar and raised him 4 feet off the ground. 

"Do. Not. Touch" The Ningini screamed into the man's head. The man clenched his eyes shut at the pain from volume.

Zimms touched the Ningini's arm.

"I'm ok. He didn't hurt me." Zimms said.

The Ningini growled low in his throat and tossed the man aside like he was made of air. The man fell to the floor and scrambled to get out of the Sick Bay as fast as he could.

"Did not like." The Ningini said to Zimms.

Zimms smiled softly at the tall native with his warrior physique and captivating eyes.

"What is your name by the way?" said Zimms.

"Name?" The Ningini did not understand the question. He was still too preoccupied with the Sick Bay guard who had long since disappeared.

"What do they call you?"

The Ningini looked at Zimms for a second trying to understand.
