 Dear readers,

Sorry it took me so long to come up with a second part! I discovered, that somethings are even harder to describe in a foreign language than others! I ope you like it anyway!

Btw sorry for mixing up the names last time! Mike is the guy who narrates the story and Jack is... Well, Jack is Jack. Of course both of them are still over 18.

 Enjoy! 

YamiAndYugi


 "Okay, come in!" Jack invited me after he had opened the door to his parents' house. As a little boy I had come here quite often and the house hadn't changed much since then. I looked at the framed pictures of Jack, his little sister and his older brother that hung upon the wall. 

 "Does your family know?" I asked. 

He shook his head. "They'd probably be cool with it but I didn't want to say anything as long as it wasn't... Necessary, you know?" 

 I nodded. Jack was right, his parents were among the most open minded and tolerant people I knew. They would accept their son, no matter what. 

"Maybe they even suspect something." Jack seemed to be thinking aloud. "However..." he changed the topic, "Wanna drink something?" 

 "Yes please. But no more alcohol, okay? That punch was more cheap vodka than anything else, I think."

 Jack laughed. "Allright." He got a bottle of coke and two glasses from the kitchen and suggested: "Let's go to my room."

 I nodded and he led the way. His room looked a little like the typical highschool boy room you would expect. The only expectation was a huge shelf that was oveflowing with books of all kind. I must admit I was impressed. Lord of the Rings, Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxie, Artemis Fowl, some of my favourite books, stood next to weighty tomes about art, science and history. Still deep in contemplation I winced when Jack suddenly stood behind me. 

 "Didn't expect me to be that sophisticated?" he asked mockingly.

 "Honestly? No. I knew you were clever but I suspected your interests were a little more... You know... average? I mean, not in a bad way, in a good way, football and stuff." Yes, I did notice that I was rambling, thanks.

 Jack chuckled and I blushed. "Average but in a good way? That's how you see me?" he asked with his cheeky grin. 

 I turned to him and shook my head. "No! Sorry. That's not what I wanted to say. You're not average at all. To be honest I feel a little intimidated. As if being handsome and having a gift for sports wasn't enough you just had to be educated and literate as well." 

 He chuckled again and came closer. "You're so sweet", he said with a warm smile before leaning in for a kiss. 

 When his lips met mine I closed my eyes and leaned against him. He pulled me into a close hug and I put my arms around his neck. His kiss, that had started carefully and soft became passionate and demanding and his hands began to caress my back and sides. We were, of course, still wearing our prom suits and when he moved his hands under my jacket I could feel them through the thin fabric of my shirt. I shivered. Not breaking the kiss he removed my jacket and threw it on the bed. His own followed. Immediately his hands were back, now caressing my chest and teasingly playing with the buttons of my shirt. 

 I gave out a little moan and bit his lip, what made him moan as well. My lips went to his neck, kissing and licking hungrily. He pressed his body against mine and gasped. 

I bit his neck and he groaned, clinging to me and almost ripping my shirt apart. 

Slowly I started undoing the buttons of his shirt, kissing and licking every inch of his skin on the way. 

 Jack groaned louder and buried his hands in my hair. Finally I unbuttoned the last button and he took off his shirt, leaving me the opportunity to watch his muscles as he moved. In an instant he was back and gave me a deep kiss, his trembling hands fumbled open my shirt and pulled it off. His skin touching mine was pure electricity. 

Without his lips losing contact to mine he shoved me to the bed. Quickly we lay down next to each other and kissed again, cuddling and caressing each other. 

 Jack stroked my side, my hips and my leg. Suddenly his hand was between my legs. I winced and gasped for breath. Jack pulled back instantly and started apologizing. "I'm sorry! This is going too fast, right? I didn't mean to..." 

 Shaking my head I took his hand and put it back where he had it. "This is perfect." I whispered.

 Then I could only moan in pleasure, when he started massaging me through my pants, while his lips found my right nipple. He teased, sucking and licking softly, a little nibble here and there. I arched myself against his mouth. All of a sudden he changed from soft and tenderly to passionate and rough, what had me fidgeting and moaning. He looked at me and grinned. I couldn't do anything but smile back. He was so cute and... so sexy!

 Looking at me, as if suspecting to be rejected, he unbuttoned and unzipped my trousers. 

"Would you mind taking them off?" he asked. 

 I don't think I ever got rid of my clothes that quickly. He pointed at my boxers. "Those, too!" he decreed, blushing a tiny little bit. 

This time I made a little show out of it, pulling them down very slowly until my dick finally sprung free. 

 For a moment he just sat and looked at me, my legs, my crotch, my chest and my face. "You're beautiful", he mumbled and bowed down to kiss me.

 Then he turned his attention to my cock. Carefully he touched it, wrapped his hand around it and slowly started stroking. A drop of precum appeared at the tip and he licked it up. I moaned. Jack slowly circled the head with his tongue, then closed his lips around it, sucking carefully while his tongue continued swirling faster now.

 I still don't know how I managed not to cum right then and there, especially not when he sucked me in deeper. Each movement of his tongue sent shockwaves of pleasure through my whole body. I couldn't stop moaning. 

 But suddenly his mouth was gone and only his hand was left, stroking me tenderly.

Hesitantly I opened my eyes and let out a little groan. Jack was looking at me, seeming a little insecure. "Do... Do you like that?" he asked.

 "Hell yes!" I groaned. 

 "Really?" he asked again. "Because I have never done it before and I'm not sure if I'm..."

 "Just continue!" I begged impatiently. "Pleeease!"

 "As you wish!" he grinned, winked at me and wrapped his full lips around my cock once more but this time a little more confident. Slowly he worked his mouth up and down my shaft, his lips and tongue massaging me with an intensity that had me clinging to the sheets and gasping for air. 

 I just had to thrust my hips, at least a little. Jack didn't complain. He even gave out a little moan and tried to take me in further. 

 "Ohhhh god" I whispered, when he started moving faster, sucking me eagerly until I couldn't hold it up anymore. I buried my hand in his hair and rocked my hips, meeting his movements.

 "Jack, I'm going to cum!" I tried to warn him and pull away but he grabbed my ass, pulled me even closer and increased his pace a little more. 

That was enough to get me off. I groaned, almost screamed, as I shoot my load into his mouth. 

Jack swallowed very drop of it and kept my cock in his mouth until I pulled away. With a grin he kissed it quickly before moving up to lay down by my side. 

 I was still breathing heavily. So when he asked me, if I liked it, I needed a second to catch my breath.

 "No way this was your first time!" I said. 

 He chuckled. "It was!" he stated. "You're the first and only guy I ever wanted to do... such things with." 

 I guess a had a very stupid smile on my face when he said that. Still I had to ask. "One simple question: Why?"

 Jack looked at me for a moment. "Because you are wonderful. You are smart, you are hot and you are... different. In a good way. I never really dared to show all sides of my personality, preferred being "average" as you called it. I was afraid they would abandon me, afraid of not being the "popular kid" anymore, as stupid as that sounds. 

And you? You just did whatever you wanted. They called you "geek" or "loser" and you were just like "Yeah, asshole, that's how I am and if you don't like me that's your problem, not mine!"

I really admire that. It's fucking brave."

 I was truly surprised about what I heard. This was how he saw me?

 "You know, I was not THAT cool abut people bullying me, as you should know. I mean, you were the one who had to save me from getting beat up by your fellow jocks. By the way, didn't that damage your reputation as well? I think that was quite brave as well." I said, smiling.

 He smiled back at me. "Yeah but that was about you. You were just more important than any reputation. And you still are. You know, I don't even care if half our school is aware of me being gay, as long as that means I get to be with you. And get to do this." He said and gave me another long kiss.

 "Anyway..." he continued, "I will never see most of these people in the next few years."

 We both smiled, knowing that we soon would leave dump of a small town. But suddenly something else came to my mind. Leaving this town would mean leaving him as well, wouldn't it?

 "Hey, what's wrong?" Jack asked. 

 "Nothing. I just thought... Have you chosen your college yet?"

 He shook his head, not seeming surprised about my question. Maybe he had guessed my thoughts? "Not ultimately. But I am thinking about going to Ludwigsburg. I want to be a teacher and I heard they were best for that." 

 My heart almost skipped a beat when I heard that. Ludwigsburg was only about half an hour from Stuttgart, where I was going to study aerospace engineering. The stupid smile came back and was reflected on Jack's face when I told him.

 "Ludwigsburg it is!" he chuckled and kissed me again.