 WEDNESDAY MORNING AND ONLY TWO DAYS TO GO

 Brad and sandy had slept in brad's bed again and they were both naked. Sandy woke up first and looked over at his bi-sexual lover. He knew that Brad would never suck his cock but he was content to be the bottom and enjoy the big cock. At least Brad had become comfortable with kissing him and jerking him off. Brad must have been having a dream as his cock was fully erect. 

 What a beautiful sight to Sandy. Brad's cock was nearly eight inches long, thick with a nice mushroom head. He took the stiff dick in his hand and held it gently. He loved how hard and smooth the cock felt in his hand. He loved holding the cock and trembled from excitement. He started to stroke it gently and was rewarded with seeing pre-cum start to leak out onto the head. He rolled his finger around the tip of the cock head and it became slicker with the pre-cum. Sandy put his finger to his mouth and tasted it. He loved it and wanted more. He stroked the cock slowly with one hand and cupped Brad's balls with the other hand. 

 He heard a slight moan from Brad's lips who stirred but still seemed asleep. Sandy removed one hand from the testicles and lowered his head close to the irresistible cock. They had both showered after sex last night and Sandy could smell how fresh and clean Brad's body was that morning. He moved his lips to the tip of the cock and licked all around it. He could taste the pre-cum juice and it made him very hot. The more he licked, the more juice flowed out. It was running down the side of the shaft and Sandy stuck out his tongue and started to lick until he had all of the clear juice in his mouth. 

 He now wanted the cock in his mouth badly. He closed my eyes, opened his mouth and felt his lips pass over the head of the big cock. He felt the cock slide over his tongue and was overcome with passion. Sandy thought he was going to cum without even touching his own cock. Brad started to moan as the lips moved up and down his hard cock. Sandy still couldn't believe how much pleasure he felt sucking Brad's cock. He knew that Brad loved the blow jobs and Sandy always made him feel good. It was a wonderful feeling.

 Sandy's smaller cock was throbbing and very wet, he could feel his juice wetting his thigh. He pulled on his cock and jerked off right there, but he never lost the attention to Brad's warm cock which was throbbing in his mouth. Sandy moved his mouth up over the cock head and then back down again. He could hear Brad moaning in obvious pleasure. Each time he went back down the shaft, he took more into his mouth. He wanted as much of the cock to be inside his mouth even though he knew that he could not take it all. His mouth was completely full of cock and he felt the head of the cock pushing all the way to the back of his throat. He tried very hard not to gag and he didn't. 

 Sandy wanted to just stay there, not to move, and just enjoy the feeling he was having with Brad's cock in his mouth. He started moving his head up and down the hard shaft, sucking all the way up and all the way down. He was making slurping sounds each time he sucked on the cock. It was a wonderfully hot and sexy feeling and his own cock was on fire. He wanted to feel Brad's cum shooting in his mouth and it was not long after thinking that when he felt the cock start to throb and he got his wish. 

 Brad let out a moan of ecstasy and Sandy felt the first spurt of hot cum. That was followed with stream after stream as the load shot into his waiting and anxious mouth. Sandy greedily swallowed it as fast as he could. It tasted delicious as always and he could not get enough of it. He just kept sucking the cock and moving his head up and down the shaft until it was drained. He milked out every drop of cum and licked the cock totally clean. He rested his head on Brad's thigh and then he felt the big hand caressed his long blonde hair.

 "That was quite a wake-up call, thank you for that."

 "I love sucking your cock."

 "I know you do and I love the way you do it."

 "It is really going to be a hot sunny day today. Do you think we could go to the beach? I'd like to wear one of my bikinis."

 "Not today, after all that rain yesterday the sand is still going to be pretty wet. We'll go tomorrow. Let's hang out on the sun deck and pool today. You can wear your bikini here."

 "Okay but before we do that, I need to run home and check on things and get the ail."

 "I'll get the coffee and breakfast going while you're doing that."

 The two of them got up and as usual put on nylon shorts and tee shirts. They loved going commando and being naked under the shorts. Sandy went to his house to do some housekeeping and pick up the mail which had accumulated for two days. Brad got the coffee going and had everything ready to make omelets. Sandy had quickly sorted through the mail and spotted one letter addressed to him that he had been expecting.

 It was from the airline that he applied for a job. It was great news and he had been accepted into the Flight Attendant training program. He was thrilled. He had not shared his plans with anyone Just in case he wasn't accepted but now he would announce it. He dashed back to Brad's house to share the good news.

 "Brad," he yelled as he entered the house, "I've been accepted to Flight Attendant school."

 "Really, I didn't know you had applied."

 "Nobody did, I am ecstatic."

 "I can see that. Sit down and have a cup of coffee. I'll get breakfast going and you can tell me all about it."

 Brad made the omelets and toast. He had already put out the juice. He sat at the kitchen table and listened to Sandy's good news.

 "I'm happy for you. When do you start?"

 "In two weeks, I report for training. Once I graduate I will get my own place."

 "That's good timing, I go back to college in ten days. I'm going to ask dad to let me have an apartment for my senior year."

 "Cool then I can visit you and sometimes you can come to my place."

 "So are you going to wear your girlie clothes to training. Maybe pass as a female flight attendant."

 "Funny, I don't think that will fly. No pun intended. But once I have my own place, I can keep my girlie clothes there and dress up when I want."

 "If you visit me on campus, I would like to see you dressed like a girl."

 "You do like me like that, don't you?"

 "Indeed, I do, you look beautiful. Let's clean up the breakfast dished and hit the pool deck."

 "Should I wear my thong bikini?"

 "No not outside, your buns might get burned. Besides I like you keeping your tan lines. Your ass looks fantastic against your tan body. You can wear the thong in the lanai."

 They quickly cleaned up and changed into their swim wear. At first, they lay on their backs on the sun deck and applied plenty of sun block to their bodies. Sandy looked absolutely darling in the robin blue bikini with his hair tied into a ponytail. After 45 minutes, it was time to turn over. This time they applied sunblock to each other. Brad immediately got hard when he rubbed the lotion into Sandy's sweet body. He unhooked the bikini bra so that there would not be a tan line across the back. Sandy also untied the string around his neck and removed the bra top. His cute tits danged sexily as he did.

 Sandy in turn put the lotion on Brad's upper body and legs. He too got hard and his erection pushed out against the bikini bottom. They were both turned on but patient as there would be plenty of time for sex later. Even though it was private on the sun deck t was just too damn hot to be fucking outside. After another 45 minutes, it was time to go inside. They entered the lanai and sandy switched to his thong bikini. Brad stopped him when he was putting the bra top on.

 "No, leave that off. Go topless today, you look damn sexy in just the thong."

 They showered quickly to rinse off the lotion before entering the pool. The water felt good on their hot bodies. Once in the pool they relaxed swimming and floating in the refreshing water. Brad then pulled Sandy to him and hugged him. He reached around and fondled the cute titties and toyed with the stiff nipples. Sandy dropped his hand under water and reached to stroke Brad's stiff dick through the Speedo bikini. It was just foreplay in the pool and then they got out and dried off.

 "Brad are you ready to fuck me? Are you ready to stick your big thick cock in my ass?" Sandy asked as he wiggled his shapely ass on the lounge. 

 Sandy took off his thong bottom and his small erect dick wavered in the air. He knelt on a lounge chair and raised his ass in the air. Brad looked at him in this position and marveled again how much the blonde looked just like a girl with his smooth hairless body, long blonde ponytail and his great looking ass. They both lubed up. Sandy reached back and lubed his ass with lotion and Brad applied a generous amount of lotion to his own cock. He stood behind the pretty blonde and once again admired the incredible ass that he was about to fuck. 

 As always, Brad was gentle with him allowing him to adjust to the size of the cock. Soon he was buried to the hilt in the sweet ass and he fucked the young gay royally. Brad held on to the pretty twin cheeks of the curvy ass as he fucked him thoroughly. Sandy couldn't believe how full he always felt with the enormous dick in his ass. They were both very turned on from the earlier foreplay and they came quickly. Sandy felt the cock throb and then fill his ass with cum. Brad continued to fuck irresistible ass as the semen backed out and ran down over the blonde's testicles. Sandy fired a blast of cum onto the pool deck this time barely touching his own cock. Brad eased his cock out of the sweet ass and Sandy turned around took it in his mouth and sucked him dry and clean.

 "Wow, that was hot! Let's relax in the Jacuzzi now."

 Sandy and Brad then entered the hot tub naked. Not a word was spoken between them as they were both overcome with the lust of the moment. Sandy just leaned back against Brad in the hot tub and savored the moment. Once again, they cuddled and brad played with the cute titties and tweaked the stiff nipples. That had become a ritual but they never tired of it.

 Brad was the first to get out of the hot tub and announced, "I am going to grab a shower and then I'll make lunch for us."

 "I'm going chill out here for a few more minutes."

 "Okay, I'll let you know when lunch is ready."

 Brad picked up his bathing suit and walked naked into the house. He went up upstairs and then entered the shower. Brad relaxed under the hot water as he thought of Sandy and how good it was to fuck his ass. He loved watching his cock slide in and out of the shapely ass. He had long ago decided that it was no different being with Sandy then with a girl when it came to getting a blow job or butt fucking. He felt his loins stir again just thinking of the incredible ass. After the soothing shower, he dried himself off and put on his shorts and tee.

 He grabbed the pink jump suit for sandy to wear after the hot tub. He headed back downstairs to make lunch but stopped in the lanai. He tossed the jump suit on the lounge and called out to Sandy.

 "Here's your jump suit, I'll get lunch going."

 "Should I wear it with the flap up or down?"

 Brad just smiled and shook his finger at his neighbor. Minutes they were seated at the kitchen table having lunch and Sandy looked darling in the pink jump suit. If anyone was to stop in, it would appear that Brad was having lunch with one of his girlfriends. Following lunch, they cleaned up the kitchen. Sandy had dropped the back flap to his jump suit, once again teasing Brad with the erotic look.

 "Sandy go upstairs and get in bed naked. I'll be right there."

 Brad watched the blonde as he wiggled his bare ass visible through the open flap. Once he had tidied up the kitchen, he joined Sandy in the bedroom. Sandy was in bed on all fours with his curvy bubble butt stuck up in the air. Brad felt his cock twinge as he looked at the hot ass. The body was delicate, hairless and flawless, so feminine.

 His cock hardened as he approached the bed. He knelt behind the blonde and began to caress the beautiful ass. He loved preparing the sweet ass for a good fucking. He put an ample amount of lotion in his hands and rubbed it all around the rubbery ring. He inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing the receptive ass for another fuck. He sawed his fingers in and out of the anus and he was once again turned on by the thought of burying his cock in the shapely ass. He moved closer to his blonde lover and lined up the head of his cock with the anal opening. Brad eased his big dick into Sandy's ass.

 The cock head cleared the taut ring and he fed it to Sandy a little at a time. The ass chute was warm and tight as he went deeper and deeper into the passage. Soon he was all the way in and he started a slow fucking motion. He continued to pump the lovely ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts. He caressed the smooth round ass as he fucked it. 

 Sandy asked Brad to fuck him harder and quicker. So, he picked up the pace and he pounded the blonde's ass faster and faster. His balls started bouncing off of Sandy's ball sac and Sandy moaned with each thrust of the thick cock. He could feel his climax building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed into the sweet receptive ass. 

 He fired a barrage of cum in Sandy's ass filling it to overflowing. As he continued to fuck, his seed backed up and oozed out trickling down the blonde's inner thighs. Sandy used his talented sphincter muscle to milk the thick cock and drain it dry. As it had many times before, the milking action weakened Brad and sent tingles through his body. He pulled out of Sandy and collapsed on the bed next to him.

 Sandy rolled over on his back and jerked off once again. Brad watched as Sandy stroked his cock. He fired several rounds of semen into the air. The first blast landed on Sandy's face, then his neck and chest. The remainder of his ejaculation landed on his abs and pooled around his pubes. It was a massive cum shot for both of them even though it was their third of the day. They were done sexually for the day, at least until they went to bed that night. 

 THURSDAY – THE BEACH AND MORE

 For the first time in nearly a week, they agreed not to have morning sex. They instead got up had a light breakfast and headed to the beach. It was going to be a scorcher of a day so they wanted to be there early before it got too hot. It was 8:00 AM when they arrived and mainly it was just surfers there that early. Sandy had worn one of his tasteful bikinis opting to leave the thong at the house. They relaxed in the sun and enjoyed the ocean air.

 By 10:00 AM more people had arrived but it was still somewhat sane. It was hot enough to take a dip in the ocean and they waded out to just beyond the breaker line. The water was up to their chest but the surf was getting rougher. They went back to the towels and let the sun dry the salt water on them. At 11:00 they decided to head home and stop for lunch along the way. Sandy wore shorts and a tee over his bikini and with his blonde ponytail, he looked like Brad's date.

 Before they left the seaside, they ate lunch at a boardwalk restaurant. It was pretty cool sitting at a table under an umbrella having lunch and watching people. They truly looked like a good looking young couple enjoying a day at the beach. After lunch, they headed home and Sandy was very turned on as was Brad. There was no doubt about what was on their mind. 

 When they got home they stripped off their clothes quickly to get ready for an afternoon of non-stop sex. They didn't bother to shower and wash the salt and lotion from their bodies. Brad was ready to fuck and he told Sandy to get on all fours. 

 "Brad use that gel that we got yesterday."

 Brad took the anal gel from the nightstand and thoroughly greased up his cock. Next, he greased Sandy's anus and one more time he marveled at the shapely ass on the slender effeminate frame. Sandy, as always, looked good on all fours as he waited for the big cock to penetrate his ass. Brad took his time lubricating the blonde's ass and he liked the submissive posture that was presented. Sandy had his head down on his hands which were folded on the bed. His ass was elevated and his back was arched emphasizing the curvy shape of his ass. Sandy looked perfect and he presented exactly the image that Brad loved to fuck.

 Brad moved close and slowly eased his cock into the sweet ass. Sandy groaned slightly with the penetration and his sphincter again stretched to accept the big cock. Once past the taut rubbery ring, Brad fucked him slowly until the ass opened up and was once again able to take the big thick cock. Brad then picked up the pace and soon his hips were slamming into the petite blonde. The curvy ass would jiggle each time Brad thrust into it and he loved the effect. Brad felt his release building and he knew that he would dump a good-sized load in the welcoming ass. Sandy felt Brad's body stiffen and make one final thrust as he buried his cock in gripping clenching ass. Sandy felt cum surge into him and he felt the thick cock throb with each release. Sandy loved the sensation when he felt that much cum in his ass. 

 The sphincter involuntarily clenched and unclenched as it massaged the bloated cock and drew every drop of cum from the shaft. Brad kept pressed against his lover and let his cock be milked dry. Sandy, overcome with passion, couldn't hold his position any longer and he collapsed forward on the bed. Brad followed him down and lay on top of the soft skin blonde with his cock still buried in the sweet ass. Brad felt Sandy's smooth hairless skin against his own and he liked the feeling. He remained on top until Sandy begged him to get up. Brad, lost in the ecstasy of the moment, didn't realize it but he had been crushing the smaller body. Brad then rolled to the side and his still erect cock slipped from Sandy's dilated anus.

 Sandy remained on his stomach face down on the bed as he slowly recovered from being thoroughly fucked. Brad looked over at the lovely ass and he could see his cum oozing from it. Brad was tempted to finger the anus and push the semen back in. Brad started by caressing the curvy smooth ass and then he played with his anus. Brad pushed his finger into the cum filled hole. Sandy wiggled his ass in response as Brad played with him.

 Sandy then pushed himself up on all fours giving his lover better access. It was then that Brad noticed that Sandy had cum on the bed. He could see the wet spots on the sheets and he knew it was from Sandy's ejaculation. Brad felt his desire return so with his cock still hard, he moved back behind his neighbor. Brad eased his cock back into the receptive ass for a second time and he knew he would last a little longer this time. They were in no hurry as they had most of the afternoon and all night. Brad fucked Sandy for what seemed like an hour until he finally came again. Once again Sandy collapsed on the bed in the pool of his own cum from his second ejaculation.

 "Oh Brad, I don't know if I have ever been fucked like that since we met. You sure had a lot of cum built up."

 "I'm sure that it was because of seeing you in that bikini most of the day. I was really anxious to fuck you when we got home."

 "My God, you're still hard."

 "Yeah, it's wild but I feel as if I could fuck you all night."

 "Put it back in me but fuck me like a girl this time."

 Sandy rolled over on is back and raised his knees to his chest exposing his ass. Brad moved between the shapely legs and positioned his stiff dick at the entrance. Sandy wrapped his ankles around Brad's ass and pulled him in. The stiff cock re-entered the blonde's ass and pushed passed his sphincter again without as much tightness this time. Sandy rotated his hips and arched his back to get Brad further inside him.
