 I'm in the kitchen, making breakfast when my lover comes in. I'm wearing sweatpants and a t-shirt. He's wearing boxers and a t-shirt. He embraces me, slides a hand under my shirt, runs his fingers over my flesh. We kiss. 

He gets a cup of coffee and I return to making breakfast. I wanted something nice without being extravagant. I'm making Eggs Benedict with a fruit salad. My sweatpants keep sliding down and I pick at them to pull them up. I'm not wearing underpants and they slide down easily.

My lover comes in back of me and slides a hand into my sweatpants, down, cupping my cock and balls. He nuzzles my neck and I turn my face to him and we kiss. I know what he wants. I can feel it. He presses his hardening cock against my ass, now bare as he has slid my sweatpants down. He wants what he had last night. He wants what he had this morning. He wants my ass. He wants to fuck my ass.

The images of last night fill me. We were at a club and dancing. He embraced me. I spread my legs for him. He held my ass with his hands and my arms were around his neck. I could feel his hard cock against mine. We had fucked before, once, and he had never stayed over. Tonight he was going to stay over, or at least that was my plan.

I leaned into him. "Can you stay over tonight?" The other times, one of us always had something going on the next day. We were at his place and I blew him but I had to go. He was at my place and I blew him, but then he had to go. And then last Saturday afternoon, we were at my place and he fucked me, but then got called in to work in the evening. I was hoping that he didn't have plans for tomorrow morning.

"You want me to spend the night?"

"Yes, I'd like that."

"I'd like that too."

He was looking in my eyes. We kissed and left the club. At my place, he made love to me. I kissed him as we came in the door. He pushed me up against the wall and I loved the hardness of his body holding me there. We stumbled over to the sofa and shed our clothes. I knelt on the floor in front of him, took his cock in my mouth and sucked him hard, then sucked him to cum. I took my time and he finally took my head in his hands and held it in place and thrust deep in my mouth slowly to bring himself to orgasm.

He pulled me up onto the sofa and we cuddled under a wrap. After a while, he took me by the hand into my bedroom. We made out for a while, rolling around on the bed. I wanted him to fuck me and he told me to get on all fours. I did, presenting my ass to him. He lubed me up and then slowly took my ass. I felt the pressure of his 7 inch cut cock against my ass, wanting him to slide in. But he was patient and when I yielded to him, was rewarded with the slow burn of him easing into me.

He fucked me slowly for a while and he was hitting my prostate good. But then he rolled me onto my back and lifted my legs up. He started to bang into my ass good and when he was getting ready to cum, I didn't notice because I was high on my own pleasure. I came, squirting onto my chest. It was only then that I realized that he had also cum, because of the hot wetness in my ass.

We laughed and kissed for a while and then took a shower. He soaped me up and rinsed me off, went down on me in the shower. I loved it, but I couldn't cum again and pulled him to his feet. 

We cuddled in bed and drifted off to sleep, him spooning me. I awoke to him rolling me onto my tummy and pressing me into the bed with his weight. I could feel his hardness against my ass. I spread my legs, folded and pushed the pillow under my tummy to raise my ass up and he entered me.

I loved the feel of his weight, his hands on my wrists, holding me down, my only form of movement was to press my ass back to meet his thrusts. I could tell that he was getting close to cumming and I decided to change it up. I had him roll onto his back and I straddled him. I lowered myself onto him, his cock sliding into my ass with one long slow push. He loved that.

I rode him for my pleasure, but it turned out to be also for his. His hands supported me and gave me clues about what he wanted. His cock was hitting my prostate just right and I was feeling high as a kite. We were moving as one person, eight limbs, two trunks, one cock and one ass, feeling pleasure. I started squeezing my ass in time to the strokes and he started to gasp for breath from the pleasure. I was close to cumming when he held my hips firmly and started to driver himself upward into me with authority. I rode with it and came on his chest as he came in my ass.

I collapsed against him and we laughed and kissed and cuddled. After a quick shower to wash off the cum and lube, I went to make breakfast.

And here he was, again after my ass. I could tell that I still had lube in me from earlier, so I put a little canola in my hand and lubed his cock. He got some more on his finger and lubed my pucker, sliding a finger in. 

He had me face the sink and spread my legs. He was against my ass and in. His cock slid in and he had my ass. I held onto the edge of the sink and he held my hips with his hands. His driving motions into me were kinetic and frantic, like his fucking me was the most important thing for him to do right now.

He fucked me without care or remorse, consumed by some kind of animal need or desire. My cock was inflated, but I couldn't cum again; it bobbed helplessly up and down. I could only serve as a receptacle for his lust. His strokes shortened, he was getting close. I wanted to cum with him, to join him in this animal rage, but I couldn't. He came with hard, violent thrusts, his desire completely owning my ass.

He held me tightly, fiercely, wearing only our shirts which were drenched with sweat.

"Oh. My. God." is what he said. "I have wanted to do that for a while. And then I saw the crack of your buns over the top of your sweat pants, I just had to have you. Again."

"Was that all it took, the crack of my ass?"

"This time."

"I'll bear that in mind." I slid my sweatpants back on and they rested low on my hips. "Like this?" I teased.

He was on me, his hands grabbing my ass. "I'll deal with your ass, later."

"Promise?"

"Promise."