 Laurent's firm gaze pierced into me, like two emeralds on fire as they followed my every move. He took a large gulp of his drink and stepped away towards the bar. Hunching my shoulders, I greeted the circle of people I had come to befriend and one girl, in particular, had singled herself out of the crowd and gestured me to follow her. As I did, I couldn't help but look over to where Laurent was standing, he had his posture sloped against the bar counter and his hips thrust outwards. As my eyes roamed over his body, I looked up and see him staring at me. Ashamed that he had caught me checking him out, I looked away swiftly but reluctantly. The girl standing in front of me was gorgeous but tasteless, she was twiddling her finger in her fake locks of blond highlights speaking about a time when she applied to some beauty contest.

Suddenly, I was pushed from behind and was completely caught off guard. The drink I was holding had been knocked out of my hand and was now staining the worst area of my jeans. Before I could think, two hands were dabbing tissues onto my jeans, a little too roughly for my liking. My gaze flickered up to the green pupils of Laurent. I internally groaned. His hands were at a constant attack on my private area and I couldn't control myself. I hope he didn't feel it but the smirk he was wearing tells me otherwise. I blushed and gently held his hands away from my body.

"Come." He whispered in my ear. My senses were not working right and my body was registering quite literally to his command. "Come with me. You'll need some more tissues." Winking at my obviously flustered state, he gripped my hand and led me towards the men's toilets.

We had reached a confined area outside the diner and it was so dimly lit, I could only make out his face glowing in the warmth of a candlelit lamp. I bit my lip nervously and waited for him to speak. His body was rising up and down more quickly now as he stared down at me.

"My trousers." I squeaked. If he wasn't so close, he never would've heard me.

"Take them off." My eyes widened at him.

"He-here?" He raised his brows as though asking me to challenge him. My little accident hadn't worn off yet and I didn't want him to notice.

Leaning closer, he places his lips on my earlobe. "Take. Them. Off." He sounded dangerous and mad. I gripped my shirt. His tongue suddenly darted out and he licked the length of my ear before biting down harshly. I whimpered and my knees threatened to give out. My fingers began to fiddle with the brass button but I was shaking uncontrollably. He gently placed his palm over my hands and raised my chin upwards.

"Do I make you nervous?" I gulped and his eyes focused on my neck for a minute before he reached down to place soft kisses from my collarbone and up to my jaw. 

"Please." I croaked. His grip tightened and I felt myself harden, causing a low growl to erupt from his throat.

"I don't care if you're not gay. You'll be gay for me."

With that said he clasped me through my wet jeans and tightened his grip. His lips continued to attack my jaw as I could only wish for the wall to swallow me up from behind. I tried to remove his hands from my crotch but he brought them up and slammed them on each side of me, shackled and captivated by his body.

"Don't resist it, Sandro. You know you want me." My name rolled off his tongue in the most sexiest way and I stood there speechless, gaping at him. He took this opportunity to lick my opened lips, capturing my tongue in between his lips and kissing me deeply for who knows how long. When he finally released me, I was breathless and painfully aroused. His gaze burned into my shivering body and before I could catch my breath again, his member made contact with my own. He pressed against me, I could feel the heat despite the thick material of our jeans. He put more pressure this time and began grinding, moving his sexy hips in a circular motion. I couldn't stop myself from buckling upwards when he reached a high moment and he darkly chuckled. The sound was hot, dangerous and tickled my senses in a ferocious way. Pulling my body against him, he started kissing, sucking and biting his way down my slender form. I should stop him, I thought. But that thought was quickly pushed away when he ripped my trousers and boxes away and left me exposed. He stared at my cock which was standing magically and too boldly for my liking. I covered myself and turned away, ashamed. He growled angrily at me.

"Don't you dare shy away from me. That pretty dick is mine." He hugged my waist and his fingers found his way up and gently held my length in hands. "Mine to hold." He swerved my body around and brought my erection to his mouth. "Mine to kiss." He placed an open-mouthed kiss on my tip and precum instantly dripped from it onto his fingers. He licked his fingers and looked up at me like a predator. "And mine to suck." He smirked mischievously and didn't waste time in swallowing me up in his mouth, pumping, gagging, choking. Repeat. I pulled his head away from me right before I was about to come. He laid on the floor, his hands massaging himself through his jeans.

"Fuck, what are you doing to me?" He groaned out and sat up. It was quiet for a while. I sneaked a glance behind my shoulder to find him jerking off while staring at my bare bottom. When he caught me looking, he stopped. "I want you to come for me." My shaft was red and sore and it lay against the cold wall. I squirmed and he noticed. Crawling towards me, his hands gripped my butt cheeks. He moaned a series of curse words before spanking me. Hard. Repeatedly. "Fucking cock-tease. Think you can leave here without cumming." He licked the spanking marks on my buttocks and his mouth moved its way into my crack. His tongue darted to my hole and he swirled wetness into and out of me.

The more I tried to squirm away from his grip, the more he pushed his tongue deeper into my hole. Without warning, his finger wriggled its way into me and I froze. This new sensation was odd yet pleasurable. His bit and spanked my sore butt cheeks once more and stood up behind me. He reached around me to give my abandoned cock a final tug, sparing some juices which he glazed over my ass with. He began grinding against me, teasing us both senselessly. I could feel our wetness spreading and mixing as his slimy hard manhood slid against my crack.

"Are you ready to take this cock?" He growled into my ear, his breath scarce and uneven. His hand reach up to pinch my nipples and I moaned in pure ecstasy. I've never felt this before. He brought out every submissive instinct in me and my kinky new self enjoyed it. "Answer me. God damn it." His voice was filled with dominance but failed to hide the restrain he hated to hold in. I didn't know what came over me.

"I want you to fuck me hard in the ass, daddy. I want you so bad. I want to feel your cum in my ass." I cried out and I felt him shudder beneath me.

"Fuck, if you keep talking like that, I might just cum already." With those words, he pushed into me gently and groaned out loudly, his tip was inside and my buttocks were responsively tensing around him, accepting his entrance in the most dirtiest way.

"Go all the way." I managed to croak out. My wish was his command as he pushed all the way through. I shrieked and spread my legs, wanting more. As though he understood, his hand gripped around one thigh and lifted it upwards to have better access. He slammed into me now, rough and wild. Just how I wanted it. I screamed his name and whined, tugging at his hair from behind me. Hot, sloppy kisses were placed down my neck and I turned around when he stopped. He glared down at me, desire pooling the dark orbs of his eyes. His teeth chained to one of my nipples and I shouted his name. Licking his lips, my member was torturously being caressed by his long, muscular hands. I pushed him onto the floor and quickly sat on his dick. He choked and quivered and tried to keep up on my slams. But he couldn't. He just couldn't.

"Please." He wailed, the bottom of his lip captured by his perfect teeth. "I can't..." He took a hold of my flailing cock as I continued agonising his parts with my ass. He pumped as I humped. Pump. Hump. Pump. Hump. Screech. Whine. Pump. Hump. A few moments later and our loads were shot. Mine onto the neatly defined abs of a sex god and his into the now devoured and used asshole of my own. He rubbed my cum over his Greek carved body and kneaded it onto his nipples. He licked his fingers devilishly and propped himself on his elbows. He was just smirking at me. After all this, I still blushed profusely. He pushed my body flat against his. And we stayed like that. Lying in a messy heap of our own lust. The wild animals had been tamed, at last... Well, at least for now!