 Note: All characters in this story are 18 years of age or older, and are based on no real life people.

*****

It was nearing the end of the summer before my senior year of high school and a few of my friends who had just graduated invited me to come along with them to the public pool at the park in our town. I thought it would be fun, and besides, it was probably going to be that last time that all of us would be together for a while. One of them was going to the community college here in town, and the other two were going to college out of state. So, wanting to spend what remaining time I had left with them, I decided to go.

We spent the day at the crowded pool, splashing and dunking each other and just having a good time. It was at least four hours before we decided to get out and, by that time, the pool was considerably less crowded. There were only three girls that looked as if they could be new freshmen this year, and a guy that looked about my age. We got out and started to walk back to the locker room before I realized I had forgotten something.

"Damn it," I said, "I forgot to grab a towel when I left home."

"You can use mine," was my friend Connor's response.

"Like I want to do that. I have no idea where it's been... or what's been on it," I said jokingly but seriously at the same time. "I'll just sit here and air dry for a little bit."

"Ok, see you Jase," my friends replied (Jason is my name, but they call me Jase).

As my friends headed back to the locker room to change, I searched for a chair in a relatively sunny area so I could dry off faster. I found one and sat down as I watched the girls playing in the water (there wasn't much else to do). Then I watched the guy for a few minutes. He seemed to be a swimmer, because he was just doing laps. He was pretty fast too. After a few more laps, though, he too went to the locker room and didn't return.

I sat there, bored and staring blankly into space. The sound of the girls splashing each other started to die down. This bored me even more. My hands had been resting on my crotch for a few minutes by this point, not in a sexual manner, I just didn't have any other place to put them: the chair I was sitting in had no arms. However, it seemed that my extreme boredom had induced an erection. I looked around to see if either the girls or the lifeguard had noticed, but they gave no indication that they did.

At that point, I was the only guy out there, and the pool would be closing in an hour so I knew that there would be no one left in the men's locker room. I decided that it would be safe enough to go "relieve myself" in there without getting caught. So, I slowly stood up and made my way to the locker room with my hardon leading the way.

"Hello," I said when I entered. "Is anyone in here?"

Like I had guessed, there was no one in the room except me. I figured that now would be as good a time as any and just dropped my swim trunks right inside the door. My seven inch, erect penis slapped my hairless stomach as it sprang free from the confines of my still damp swim suit. The thought of what I was about to do had me so horny that I was already leaking precum. Ever since I had discovered masturbation and porn, I had had a huge public masturbation/sex fetish.

I made my way, naked, past the showers and the toilet stalls, to the lockers. Here, there were a few benches that people could sit on as they got changed. I sat on the one that was closest to the locker that I had chosen, laid back on it, and wrapped my hand around my aching cock. It felt so good that I let a moan escape my lips as I closed my eyes. My other hand slid up my hairless chest only to stop at my left nipple. My fingers gently pinched it and I let out another moan, this time a little quieter.

My right hand (the one that was on my dick) had started to pump up and down on my erection with out me even thinking about it. Within a few seconds, my entire penis was slick and shining with precum. I was so horny that I gathered up some of the transparent fluid in my hand and brought it to my mouth. I stuck out my tongue and tasted the saltiness of it. I had never had the will to taste my own semen, but I always loved to taste my precum.

I let my had drift back down to my cock, and then I really started to go at it. My hand was moving jacking my cock faster than it ever had before. I think it may have had something to do with the fact that I was living one of my most desired fantasies for the first time. The thrill of the fact that someone could walk in this locker room at any moment and see what I was doing, was driving me crazy with sexual pleasure.

I was very near to cumming when I heard a cough come from over by the area where the toilet stalls were. My eyes jerked open and my hand let go of my, still very erect, dick. I sat up and looked back that way only to see the guy that had been out in the pool swimming laps. I reached for my swim trunks on the floor, and tried my best to cover my lower half with them.

I looked back at him and started to say, "Sorry," but that's when I noticed that he was naked as well. Now, that's to be expected in a public pool locker room, but what really got me was that, not only was he naked, but he had an erection as well. He seemed to have been pleasuring himself while watching me masturbating on the bench.

"I'm the one that should be sorry," he said when he realized what I was getting ready to say. "It looked like you were having some fun."

"Well, just a little," I tried to say jokingly.

"Well, you don't have to stop just because I am here. I found the show pretty entertaining if you know what I mean," he said as he walked up to the bench and sat down next to me.

I was pretty sure that I did know what he meant, but I wasn't sure how to tell him that I wasn't gay. While I was trying to figure out a way to tell him, I saw his hand move down towards my swim trunks and grab them. Before I could even say anything, he pulled them away from my lap and we were both looking at my, still rock hard, cock.

"I'm not gay," I said, a little scared of what was going to happen now. The truth was, however, I was actually trying to convince myself rather than him. There were a few times, over the last few months at school, that I had caught myself staring at some of the other guys in the shower after gym class. That was it, though. I had never done anything with another guy, and I was still very attracted to girls.

"The fact that you're still hard as steel tells me that you're at least bi," he said as I felt the warmth of his right hand wrap around my dick.

"Oh my god," I whispered, not wanting the pool staff at the front desk to hear.

Having another person's hand on my cock for the first time felt so amazingly good. Then he started to stroke it up and down. I let my head fall back and closed my eyes as he did was jacking me off. I was feeling a pleasure like none I had ever felt before. Then I remembered something: his cock was still hard as well. I lifted my left hand and started to each for his five inches of hard dick.

"You don't have to if you don't want to," he said to me.

That was all it took for me to know that I wanted to. As my hand wrapped itself around has erection I said, "Well, you didn't have to do it for me. It's only common courtesy to reciprocate."

He smiled at me and, as we tugged on each other's cocks, I turned to look at him and check him out a little more than I could while he was in the pool. He was completely hairless, as swimmers usually are, except for the blonde hair on his head. He looked as if he was about six feet tall and was fairly skinny (maybe 150 pounds).

We sat there in silence for a while, stroking each other, when all of a sudden he s let go of my penis, stood up, and said, "Lay back down like you were earlier."

"Why," I asked.

"Just do it. You'll love it," was his response.

So, I did as he bid me and was surprised by what happened next. Mere seconds after I had lain down and closed my eyes, I felt a hot wet something on my dick that caused me to open them up again. When I looked down, I saw his face bobbing up and down on my cock. Whatever I was telling myself earlier about not wanting to hook up with another guy, was forgotten. His lips on my cock was the hottest thing I could think of at that moment. So hot, in fact, that I wanted to give it a try.

"Hey, if I turn on my side you can fit up here and I can suck you off too," I told him.

"You sure you want to do that," he asked. "I don't want you to feel like you have to."

"Yeah, I'm sure."

And with that, I turned on my side and he laid down next to me with his cock in my face and mine in his. He went straight back to sucking mine, but I was just a little hesitant: this was the first time I had ever done anything like this. I had never even been with a girl before. Very slowly, I leaned forward and licked the drop of clear fluid at the tip of his penis. It tasted great, so I leaned in and licked the tip of his dick again.

That second lick caused him to moan on my cock and when he did, it felt so good that I didn't even think. I just opened my mouth as wide as it would go, and slid it all the way down the length of his shaft. Just like that, we were there on the bench, in the locker room of the public pool, sucking eagerly at each other's hard dicks.

It wasn't long before I started to feel my orgasm coming on. I felt the familiar tingling sensation in my balls and knew that I would not last much longer. And that's when I felt and heard him moan again, and few seconds later, his hot and salty seed was splashing out onto my tongue.

When I tasted his semen in my mouth, that was it for me. I opened my mouth and, with his cock pointing and spraying at my face, said, "Oh, fuck," just quiet enough to where the staff at the front desk wouldn't hear as I came in his mouth. He was obviously more skilled than me as he swallowed every drop and didn't take his mouth off by accident only to get sprayed in the face. I liked the feeling of his come covering my face though.

When he finally released my cock from his mouth he looked up at me and said, "Looks like you need a shower!"

"I know, but I don't have a towel," I replied.

"You can use mine," he said. "My name's Luke, by the way.

"I'm Jason," I said.

And with that, we headed to the showers.