 We had planned to meet Saturday at the same place which was two days from our last encounter. I knew Saturday mornings were much different at the Hoboken train terminal than weekdays. There were fewer commuters there in the morning, usually only local Jersey people visiting NYC for the day, but none as early as we were planning to meet. I had a good night's sleep the night before and woke up excited to meet Patrick. It was hard to be apart from him for 2 days now. I wanted to see him but I was also concerned with who I was. I was his son Mark's friend. Mark was a good friend to me and I thought now that friendship had been compromised. How could I see Mark and not think of the sexual encounters I had with his dad? I saw his dad naked. I sucked his cock. For now I thought the secret was best to be mine.

When I woke up I noticed my sheets were all dried with semen from last night. I had jerked off again thinking about Pat. I remembered I had an orgasm and pumped out what seemed like a pint of cum all over the sheets. The thought of his cock had once again excited me. I felt my flaccid penis begin to get aroused while I gently massaged it. I sat up in bed, closed my eyes, and fondled myself thinking of Patrick again. My penis grew to its full 7 inches. My testicles just hung there un-moved. They seemed to ache as I juggled them in my hand, but it felt good.

I continued to stroke my cock but abruptly stopped in anticipation of seeing Patrick soon. I didn't want to drain myself so soon in the possibility of being intimate with him again. I had always been a very sexual person who could perform on the spot. My books called it oversexed. I had come to realize that the head of my cock was my Achilles' heel. I just rubbed my hand around it and my penis would grow almost immediately. I had a strong desire for sex especially for older men, and I was getting my first taste of it. Patrick was more than 3 times my age I guessed, more like a father or uncle to me. He fulfilled my every desire and it excited me that I was about to see him again.

Showering that morning I took extra care in grooming myself. I had a fairly smooth body with an athletic build. I was 6'00 tall with a 30 inch waist. I weighed about 185 lbs. with a firm bottom. I was hairless in most areas of my body except for my chest and pubic area. My testicles were nearly hairless except for a few strands and usually hung like two eggs in a sack. I had read it had something to do with body temperature. They only contracted when I ejaculated; otherwise they were loose and flopping all around. My friends in high school would tease me in the locker room and said I had old man balls. I was told I had thin skin because you could see my veins popping through beneath the surface in various areas even my cock when it was erect. Although I didn't lift weights much, I had a lean muscular body. I was considered a jock in high school, but also had a brain. Turning down a few college sports' scholarships I was pursuing a degree in pre- med at Columbia University. I was a freshman in their under graduate program. 

I cared about the way I looked and liked to dress up more than most guys my age. I decided to wear bikini briefs again in hopes that Pat would like them. I had boxer shorts similar to the ones he had worn last time, but I still thought he'd like a young boy's look. I tucked myself into a pair of white ones. I finished shaving my face and fingered hair crème through my hair. I put on a casual pair of black pants and a green polo shirt. After slipping into a pair of black loafers and grabbing my sport jacket, I was out the door. I couldn't wait to see him.

The ride on the train into Hoboken that morning seemed different. It was less crowded and the lack of commuter noise allowed me to think more clearly. This encounter would be different I hoped. I wanted to get to know Patrick more. I wanted to understand the feelings I had for him. I wanted to know how he felt about me. I wanted to explore my lust for him. I couldn't deny that I wanted to feel and taste his manhood again, but I wanted more. What that was I didn't know, but I knew I wanted to go further with him. That thought gave me a visible rise in my pants, but I didn't care.

I arrived at the terminal about 8:45 AM, just 15 minutes before our scheduled time. I grabbed a cup of coffee and walked through the lobby over to the bathroom area and had a seat on one of the benches outside. I felt good, nervous, but good. Within a few minutes Patrick walked in and headed towards me. Instead on turning towards the bathroom door he headed directly towards me. I started to get up but he sat down next to me putting his hand on my thigh. 

He said, "I'm happy to see you."

I said, "So am I, I thought this was a dream."

He said, "Why?"

I replied, "I don't know, I never felt this way before. I don't even know your name."

He paused for a moment and looked at me with his green eyes and said, "My name is Patrick."

I replied, "Hi, my name's John."

As I sat there talking to him I couldn't help but think how attracted I was to him. Here was this elderly man of such mature stature who filled my every fantasy. He continued to hold his hand on my thigh as we spoke. I felt a tingle develop in my groin but ignored it. He told me what had happened between us in the last two encounters was spontaneous. He said he doesn't just go in to public bathrooms and pick up guys. He told me that he was married and had two children. I realized then he didn't recognize me. I guess I had a chance to say something but chose not to. I wasn't ready for that, the desire to be with him outweighed the risk of him ending our encounter. After a few minutes he asked if I liked to take a walk outside, I said okay. 

We headed out of the terminal and on to the nearby neighborhood. We stopped and he grabbed a cup of coffee and we continued walking down the main boulevard, Washington Avenue. Hoboken was a pretty town, city like, filled with brownstones and cobble stone streets. I actually loved walking around Hoboken when I had some time between commutes. I felt comfortable with Patrick, safe, like a father figure, except I lusted for him. After a few blocks he told me he owned a house here. The house he grew up in. He told me his mom had passed away about a year ago and he inherited it. He wanted to show me the house and asked if I was okay with that. He said if at any time I felt uncomfortable with anything he said or did I should let him know. He said I should never feel pressured. I nodded and said okay.

The house was on a side street which was tree lined. As we walked down the street I found myself looking him over like an animal for its prey. He had on black jeans with a white button down collared shirt and a black wool blazer. I could see his chest hairs peeking out of the two unbuttoned buttons by his neck. I couldn't help but look at his crotch as we walked. I could see that he hung his stuff to his right side. It just hung there making an impression with each step he took. I wanted to reach out and touch it, but I didn't. It was obvious the outline of his penis and testicles extended far beyond the end of his zipper. I thought he was the one with old man balls and I loved it. I envisioned him getting dressed and grasping his manhood to one side as he pulled his jeans on. I wanted to reach down and caress it while we walked. I was sure he saw me staring at it, but I didn't care. I wanted him again.

About half way down we came upon his house. It was a three story brownstone. He told me brownstones had a typical architectural design of steep staircases rising from the street to the entrance what amounts to be the second floor. It was designed that way because the streets were so mucky back then from waste. I found his knowledge of this stimulating both intellectually and sexually. We walked up the front staircase towards the door. I felt nervous as he stumbled with the keys. Up to then he had made no sexual advances towards me, although I had wanted him too. I feared for a moment maybe this was the moment he would let me down, tell me what had happened before was wrong, and we had to stop. Telling me in private would be better, out of fear I may get upset or bring attention to us in a public area. I wanted more from him and now it was to end, but I was wrong.

We entered. As he closed the door behind me he turned and quickly placed his hands on the rear of my neck and leaned in and kissed me. It was all so quick. I was taken by surprise, but this time I didn't hesitate. I opened my mouth and invited him in. He was so passionate I almost couldn't breathe. My tongue explored every inch of his mouth. His lips were so wet they glided everywhere they went. He had a sexy scruffiness about him. I could feel the day old growth of stubble on his face rubbing mine. It felt good. His tongue thrusted down my throat and intertwined with mine like two twirling figure skaters embraced on the ice. Patrick body was pressed against mine. I could feel the weight of his manhood nestled on my thigh. This man who was as old as my father seduced me once more. I was overcome with chills as I let myself go.

My body was plastered on the inside of the door with both arms extended. The palms of my hands were searching for a resting place on the wood of the door. I could feel his cock pressed up on to my thigh through his jeans. When the door had closed it was like a switch was turned on. An explosion had occurred between us. I felt all this adrenalin rushing throughout my body. He kissed me long and hard, telling me how much he wanted me. He kissed me with a firmness that I enjoyed. I moved my arms to his ass and squeezed it tight. I slid them up and down his body feeling every inch of him. I told him I wanted him, I told him I wanted to please him. I told him, I wanted to make love to him. 

He dropped to his knees and pushed me back against the door. He unbuckled my belt and the latch on my trousers. He unzipped them and pulled them down to my ankles. I stood there frozen against the door. Every time I tried to move or reciprocate he pushed me back. My white underwear was exposed. You could see I had a full erection which was trapped inside them. He placed his hands on my underwear massaging my penis and testicles through them. I could feel my cock pulsing as my balls were rolling inside of them. He tongued the outline of my erection as he ran his hands up and down my thighs. I wanted him to take my underwear off but he didn't. He just continued to tease me. He said he dreamed of being with me since the last time we met. I didn't know how much longer I could hold out, I was so aroused. I felt like I was going to cum any second. I was exploding with desire.

I reached down and started to pull my underwear down. He let me. I peeled them down enough to let my cock out; as I did he reached up and helped me from there. He grabbed hold of them and slid them down to my ankles to meet my trousers. My balls fell out with desire. He held both of them with one hand and opened his mouth. I watched as he placed them in. He rolled them around in his mouth sucking on them gently, just enough to hurt a bit, but not pain. It was tantalizing. My cock was hard and pressed up against the side his face. I could see the tip was wet from dripping. His other hand slid behind my hip and found a resting spot in the crack of my ass. He slid it up and down gently spreading it apart. I could feel him probing to find my hole. My body quivered with desire. I wanted him to take me.

As he released my testicles from his mouth his finger found my hole. With his other hand he grasped my cock and inserted it into his mouth, swallowing it whole. All seven inches were gone. My testicles hung alone below. I could only see my pubic hair brushed against his upper lip and the lower part of his nose. At the same time I felt his finger enter my rectum. He slowly wiggled it inside me pushing it deeper as he progressed. Only for a moment, he allowed my cock to be removed from his mouth, for his hand to grab it. He gave it two or three quick strokes and returned it, swallowing it again. His finger began to slide in and out of my ass in a rhythmic movement. My muscles wrapped round it with pleasure. A wave of ecstasy passed up my spine.

I couldn't hold on much longer and began to moan out loud. I was going to cum. He said he wanted to taste my juices. He wanted me to trust him and let myself go. My arms reached out again and found the door behind me. I sprawled them out almost in the figure of a cross. I arched my back and leaned against the door without any resistance. The only rigid muscle in my body was my cock. It extended straight out beyond my silhouette with my testicles dangling low beneath it. I felt helpless and enjoyed it. I finally let go. With his mouth engulfing my cock I reached an orgasm and exploded my first load in his mouth. A second, a third, and a fourth followed. After the fourth, he pulled his finger out of my ass, I let out a loud sigh and three more loads of cum were shoveled inside his mouth. My body was jerking all over. He seemed to swallow every bit. My cock stood firm and twitched till he let go. I reached out and gently held his head. He slowly let it slide out sucking my juices, licking the head with his tongue.

I fell to the floor from exhaustion and panted, "What are you doing to me?"

He looked at me and said, "I'm teaching you to let go." 

I said, "I love..."

He stopped me and said, "I know...but there's more."

To be continued...