 Wally was buried balls deep in Blake's tight asshole. Blake was flattened on the bed face down as Wally drove his 8" cock deep into the bowels of his college roommate. Blake's ass moved under Wally but Wally's strength and drive kept Blake pinned under him. Wally's powerful buttocks clenched and unclenched as he pummeled Blake's ass. Wally's thick cock drove into Blake and then retreated until only the head remained in Blake's rectum. Blake felt the powerful shaft drive in and out of the anal passage like a piston causing Blake to cry out.

"Oh God your cock is so thick in my ass, so deep. Oh fuck yeah, fill me with your big dick. Cum in me, I want your spunk shooting in my ass," Blake exclaimed!

Wally continued to fuck the shapely firm ass of his roommate driving his cock into the warm recess. Wally sensed his orgasm building in his balls and he knew that within minutes he would cum in Blake's hot ass. Wally felt the pressure in his scrotum just before he unleashed a torrent of semen into the shapely firm ass underneath him. Wally felt Blake's anal muscles tighten around the shaft and squeeze every ounce of spunk out of it.

"Oh shit, I feel it. I love it when you cum in my ass. I love your hot seed flooding my ass," Blake cried out.

Wally stayed hard and he slowly fucked Blake's ass as the semen coated his shaft. Blake sensed that Wally was up for another round and whispered, "Wally if you are going to keep fucking my ass let's roll on our sides."

Wally rolled to his side keeping his cock in Blake's ass as he pulled Blake to the side. Wally's hands wrapped around and caressed Blake's body. Wally ran his hands over Blake's pecs and tight abs as they moved toward Blake's pubes. The back of Wally's hand brushed against Blake's erect cock causing Blake to gasp.

"Please hold me and jerk me," Blake pleaded.

Wally took hold of the 6" cock of his college roommate and stroked it as he fucked Blake's ass again. Wally had no interest in sucking cock or getting fucked but he didn't mind jerking Blake off and he loved to see Blake shoot. Blake had an amazing capacity for ejaculations. Blake would have volcanic like orgasms when he came and his semen would shoot two or three feet at times, particularly with his first orgasm of the day.

Wally kept fucking Blake until they both came. Blake came twice before Wally came in Blake's ass a second time. The first time Blake ejaculated his cum shot passed his face and hit the headboard of his bed. The second time he came Blake's seed hit him in the face and neck. Then Wally lost it and dumped another powerful load in Blake's ass. The two of them rested on their sides as Wally's cock slowly deflated and slipped from Blake's asshole. By the time they were ready to get out of bed their spunk had dried on Blake's body.

HOW IT BEGAN

In 1976 Wally and Blake were paired together as roommates their freshman year of college. At 18 years of age Wally was a fit 6'2" 190 pound young man. He had played football and wrestled in high school and his body showed the hard work. Wally had light brown hair and was a very handsome young man. He had been one of the more popular guys in high school and he had his share of dates with the high school girls. Although he had fucked a couple of girls in high school he really learned about sex the summer after high school graduation. Wally worked part time at a local grocery store during the summer months where he met Gracie one of the full time employees. Gracie was 25 years old and although she wasn't very pretty she had an incredible body and she knew how to use it. Gracie had seduced Blake and before the summer was over, Blake's cock had been in Gracie's mouth, pussy and ass many times. Gracie was one who taught Blake about oral and anal sex. Blake entered college very experienced for his age and he looked forward to meeting the college girls.

Blake was very different from Wally. Blake was 5'6" and weighed 150 pounds. He had blonde hair that covered the nape of his neck and he had a hairless body with flawless skin. If one looked at Blake from behind one would swear that Blake was a girl. He had shapely legs, a narrow waist and a perfectly shaped bubble butt. Blake had been a loner in high school but during the summer after high school he learned about sex. Blake turned 18 years old that July and he spent the summer at his uncle's cottage by a lake. That summer Blake met Artie who was 21 years old and who taught Blake about sex. It was then that Blake learned that he was gay. Artie taught Blake about oral and anal sex and by summer's end Blake was very skilled at both. Artie had taken Blake's oral and anal virginity and Blake had come to love anal sex. Blake was unsure about what he would find at college his freshman year so he was careful about being too bold about his sexuality. 

Wally and Blake got along fine as roommates although they didn't socialize together. Wally had asked Blake a few times to join him and his other freshman friends for a beer but Blake had declined. There were times when the two boys stole glimpses of each other. Wally looked at Blake when Blake was facing away from him. After a shower Blake would come back to the room, drop his towel and get dressed. Wally studied Blake's shapely legs and curvy ass and though about how feminine Blake looked from behind. Blake was well tanned from his summer at the lake except for his ass which was lily white. The contrast in skin tone only served to accentuate Blake's perfect ass.

Blake would also steal glimpses of Wally checking out Wally's package. Most of the time Wally was wearing briefs that outlined his cock and balls. Blake felt his own cock stir whenever Wally was nude and his big cock dangled in front of him. There were times after lights out that Blake jerked off in bed thinking about Wally's big cock. Wally at times knew that Blake was jerking off in bed but Wally never suspected that he was the object of Blake's desire. 

Sometimes the boys would be studying late and they both had reading lights to use. That way the room lights could be out and they could read in bed with the reading light. One night Blake had the reading light on and he was reading in bed. Wally noticed that the bed covers were moving while Blake was reading. Wally suspected that Blake was jerking off and decided to scare Blake. Wally quietly moved from his bed across the room to Blake's bed. Blake was turned facing the wall and the bedcovers were moving rapidly as Blake jerked off. Wally grabbed the covers and yanked them off Blake. Sure enough Blake had his right hand wrapped around his erect cock.

"Caught you," Wally said startling Blake.

The Wally saw the magazine that Blake was looking at. It was a porn magazine and it showed naked guys fucking and sucking. "What the fuck are you reading? A shocked Wally asked. 

"Nothing," Blake replied in a shaky voice as he tried to hide the magazine.

"Let me see it," Wally said grabbing the magazine from Blake and then asked, "Where the fuck did you get this?"

"A friend gave it to me last summer," a nervous Blake replied.

"Christ Blake, there are only pictures of guys fucking and sucking. Are you gay?" Wally blurted out.

"Yes, I'm sorry I didn't want you to find out," Blake replied timidly.

Wally sat on Blake's bed and paged through the magazine. It was a European magazine and the guys in it were good looking, fit, well endowed and had great asses. Wally had always thought of gays to be nerdy and effeminate but these guys looked like studs. Wally couldn't believe what he was looking at with these handsome, actually pretty, men having sex with each other. The men in the magazine were all well tanned with decent size cocks and great looking asses. There were pictures of couples and groups having sex. 

There was one sequence that showed a guy lying face down getting fucked in his very shapely ass. The sequence of pictures showed the guy fucking the one face down and pulling his cock out and jerking off on the guy's ass. The guy lying down had his ass cum covered and then the other guy put his cock back in the prone guy's ass. It was a very hot pictorial and Wally actually got an erection from looking at it. 

"Gees Wally, your cock is huge," Blake gasped as he looked at his roommate's briefs bulging out.

"Oh sorry I've been pretty horny lately," Wally replied and added, "All the girls are hanging out with the upper classmen and I haven't gotten laid yet."

"Can I see it? I have never seen a cock as big as yours," Blake meekly asked.

Wally was apprehensive but then thought what the hell it was only he and Blake in the room, "Sure it's just us guys."

Wally pulled his briefs down and freed his cock. The impressive organ leaped out of his underwear and stood straight up. Blake stared at it for a moment and then reached for it.

"Whoa, whoa what are you doing?" Wally said startled his roommate's reaction.

"I just want to touch it, okay?" Blake asked almost begging.

Wally let Blake touch him. Wally liked the feeling of a hand different from his own on his cock and he closed his eyes as Blake stroked it. Blake slowly stroked the big dick with one hand and cupped Wally's bloated balls with the other hand. Wally sighed as Blake's hands moved over the genitals.

"Can I kiss it? It looks so good I have the urge to kiss it," Blake stammered.

Wally didn't answer but just closed his eyes as Blake's lips kissed the engorged cock. Wally's body tensed as Blake's lips moved up and down the shaft and then Wally gasped as Blake's mouth engulfed Wally's cock. Wally struggled with the decision if he should let Blake blow him. Wally was horny and Blake's mouth felt good on his cock so Wally decided to let Blake blow him. 

Blake was a very good cocksucker and in no time he had Wally ready to blow his load. Wally tried to prolong his orgasm as long as he could. Blake then asked Wally to stand up. Blake sat on the edge of the bed and drew Wally in toward him. Blake caressed the back of Wally's legs and cheeks of his ass as Blake's warm, wet, wonderful mouth sucked on Wally's cock. Blake massaged the head of Wally's cock against the roof of his mouth. He circled Wally's cock with his tongue and Wally felt the light scraping of Blake's teeth. Wally's dick felt harder and longer than it ever felt in his life and he knew he was going to shoot soon.

Blake took Wally's cock out of his mouth and looked up at him as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged Wally's bloated balls. Blake then put it back in his mouth and took it out again then he gently blew on it as his fingers continually massaged Wally's balls. Blake tickled the cock head with his tongue and teased Wally's pee slit. Blake had Wally close to cumming a few times. Blake seemed to know when Wally was getting close, and he would do things making him last longer, torturing Wally in the process.

Blake looked up at Wally and smiled as he stroked the slick cock. Then he asked, "Are you ready to cum Wally"?

Wally had his eyes closed and he just shook his head to answer Blake. Blake then took Wally's cock all the way into his warm wet mouth. He swirled his tongue around the length of the shaft, nibbled on the cock head and sucked Wally hard. Blake reached under Wally's balls and rubbed the hardness between his balls and anus. Wally felt his cock thicken and he knew he was going to cum. There was no stopping Wally this time.

Blake grabbed Wally's ass cheeks with both hands as Wally exploded in his mouth. Wally fired round after round of cum into Blake's mouth and Blake sucked and swallowed as fast as he could. Rope after rope of semen shot into Blake's mouth as Wally seemed to have an endless supply. Finally the barrage subsided and Wally stopped cumming in Blake's mouth. Blake sucked on the thick firm cock until he had drained every drop from Wally's dick. Wally felt weak from the intense orgasm so he sat down on the bed next to Blake. 

"I need to get off I am so hot!" Blake said in an excited tone.

Wally watched as his roommate stood up and jerked off. Blake's hand flew rapidly over his hard cock in search of his own release. Wally watched as Blake ejaculated. Blake shot his load and the first couple of blasts must have traveled three feet before landing on the floor. Blake seemed to cum for at least 30 seconds as stream after stream shot out of his dick. Wally watched as Blake's buttocks tightened and then relaxed as he fired his load. Wally admired the boy's bare ass as it was lily white compared to the well tanned body. Blake had a beautiful ass and Wally felt his loins stir and his cock harden as he thought back to the scenes in the magazine and then he wondered what it would be like to fuck Blake's ass. Blake looked over at Wally and saw that Wally had another boner. 

"Wally would you like to fuck me? Would you like to stick your big thick cock in my ass?" Blake asked as he wiggled his shapely ass in Wally's direction. 

Blake's 6" erect dick still wavered in the air. He knelt on his bed and raised his ass in the air. Wally looked at him in this position and decided that he looked just like a girl with his smooth hairless body and his great looking bubble butt. Blake reached back and lubed his asshole with some kind of lotion. 

"Here put this on your cock too," Blake whispered handing Wally the cream.

Wally took the lotion and applied a generous amount of lotion to his own cock. Wally knelt behind Blake and stared at the incredible ass that he was about to fuck. He hadn't fucked an ass since Gracie and now he was about to fuck his roommate. Wally then spit on his dick making very slippery and eased into Blake's asshole. 

Wally was gentle with him allowing Blake to adjust to the size of his cock. Soon he was buried to the hilt in Blake's ass and he fucked the young man royally. Wally held on to the pretty twin cheeks of Blake's ass as he fucked him thoroughly. Blake had been butt fucked by Artie but never with a cock Wally's size. He couldn't believe how full he felt with Wally's enormous dick in his ass. Blake felt Wally tense and then fill his ass with cum. Wally continued to fuck Blake's ass as cum backed out of Blake's asshole and ran down over Blake's balls. Blake fired a blast of cum onto his bed this time without ever even touching his own cock. Wally eased his soft cock out of Blake's ass and Blake turned around took it in his mouth and sucked him dry and clean.

The two of them then flopped down on Blake's bed and relaxed. Not a word was spoken between them as they both contemplated what happened and what the future would hold. Wally struggled with his inner feelings and mixed emotions. He had just fucked a guy and although he was not gay he had to admit that it was great sex. Blake had proven to be as skilled as Gracie in oral and anal sex. Wally had to admit that it didn't seem any different getting a blow job from Blake or Gracie, they were both great. He also had to admit that it didn't seem any different fucking Blake's ass or Gracie's ass. Wally then slipped out of Blake's bed and returned to his own. Not a word was spoken again that night but that's when it started. 

BLAKE AND WALLY GET CLOSER

The next morning Wally woke up first and he looked over at his roommate. Blake was still naked in bed and his curvy ass was on display as he lay on his stomach. Wally decided to take a shower so he quietly left the room, locked the door and headed to the showers. Wally relaxed under the hot water as he thought of Blake and how good it was to fuck his ass. Wally loved watching his cock slide in and out of the shapely ass. Wally then decided that it was no different being with a guy then with a girl when it came to getting a blow job or butt fucking. Wally felt his loins stir again just thinking of Blake's ass but then changed his focus so that he didn't show hard in the shower. After the soothing shower, Wally dried himself off and walked back into the dorm room. To his surprise Blake was in bed on all fours with his curvy bubble butt stuck up in the air. Wally felt his cock twinge as he looked at Blake's hot ass. Blake's body was delicate, hairless and flawless. He really did look like a girl in this position.

"Wally, I would like you to fuck me again," he said in a sultry voice. "You would like to fuck me again wouldn't you?" he asked.

Wally's cock hardened as he approached the bed. He knelt behind Blake and began to caress Blake's beautiful ass. Blake handed Wally the lotion and asked Wally to get his ass ready. Wally put an ample amount of lotion in his hands and rubbed it all around Blake's bung hole. Then Wally inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing Blake's ass for another ass fuck. Wally sawed his fingers in and out of Blake's anus and Wally was turned on by the thought of burying his cock in Blake's shapely ass one more time. Wally moved closer to Blake and lined up the head of his cock with Blake's anal opening. Wally eased his big dick into Blake's ass.

Blake reminded Wally, "Not too deep at first, then deeper."

Wally spat on his hand and rubbed his saliva all over his cock which made it very slick when combined with the lotion. Wally's cock head cleared the sphincter and he fed it to Blake a little at a time. Blake's ass chute was warm and tight as Wally went deeper and deeper into him. Soon he was all the way in Blake's ass and he started a slow fucking motion. Wally continued to pump Blake's ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts. Wally caressed Blake's smooth round ass as he fucked it. 

Blake asked Wally to fuck him harder and quicker. So Wally picked up the pace and he pounded Blake's ass faster and faster. Wally's balls started bouncing off of Blake's balls and Blake moaned with each thrust of Wally's cock. Wally could feel his climax building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed in Blake's ass. Wally tried to make it last as long as possible but once Blake contracted his anal muscles Wally lost it.

Wally fired a barrage of cum in Blake's ass filling it to overflowing. Wally couldn't remember when he came so much. As Wally continued to fuck, his cum backed up in Blake's rectum and oozed out flowing over Blake's balls. Blake used his talented anal muscles to milk Wally's cock and drained it dry. Blake's milking action weakened Wally and sent tingles through his body. Wally pulled out of Blake and collapsed on the bed next to him.

Blake rolled over on his back and jerked off once again. Wally watched as Blake stroked his cock. Blake fired another round of spunk into the air. The first blast landed on Blake's face, neck and chest. The remainder of his load landed on his abs and pooled around his pubes.

Blake then decided to take a shower and Wally got dressed for class. When Blake returned they talked about what happened between them and promised each other to keep quiet about it. Wally then went to class and shortly after Blake dressed and went to his class. It was Friday and they had the weekend ahead of them and they both wondered if their encounter would continue. Later that day they would find out.

Blake and Wally ate in the cafeteria and then Wally went out with his friends while Blake went back to the dorm room. Wally and his friends hit a number of bars and tried to pick up girls. Most of the girls were occupied by the upper classmen at least those that were pretty. Many of them acted like stuck-up bitches and were actually rude to the freshmen. Wally's friends ended up with some girls that were not very pretty and not at all appealing to Wally. So instead of hooking up with just any girl, Wally headed back to the dorm room. When he arrived Blake was naked in bed stroking his cock looking at the porno mag. Blake smiled at Wally as Wally entered the room and then got undressed for bed. 

"Wally, would you do me a big favor and massage my shoulders and back. I am really stiff tonight," Blake asked in a soft voice.
