 It was a usual train ride from my home town to the Hoboken train terminal in New Jersey where I would then catch the path train in to NYC for school. It was 1976. I was 19 years old and a freshman at Columbia University. As always I would stop off at the men's bathroom in the Hoboken terminal to urinate before continuing on my journey, but more for the chance to sneak a peek at some older men who may be standing next to me at the urinal. It was a busy place in the morning with many commuters going in and out of the bathrooms. I had planned my ride in the morning to allow for at least 30 minutes of free time before I needed to catch the path train into the city.

The public bathroom back then was very large with about 20 urinals all lined up against one wall and about 10 private bathroom stalls directly behind you facing the urinals. I walked in and proceeded to position myself somewhere in the middle of the urinals to get a good view left and right of me. I unzipped my trousers and pulled my cock out and waited. I usually never urinated too quickly as it may look suspicious if I was all dried up and still standing there when someone stood by next to me.

A few men came and gone but none really caught my eye. I found myself very attracted to older men who were graying and somewhat on the thin side. I thought that if they were thin they probably would have a bigger cock or it would be easier to see. One gentleman had so much hair sticking out of his zipper I couldn't even see his cock. After 5 or 10 minutes I started to get frustrated and thought this wasn't going to be a good day. I usually was able to get a glimpse of some real nice cocks in the morning, the memories of which would last throughout the day. 

I had my routine. When someone would stand next to me I'd start to pee and wait till they started peeing and then glance down to see their penis. Sometimes I would get excited and start to feel an erection occurring and would quickly try to stop it so I didn't get noticed. I was young then and new to all these feeling I had towards older men. After about 10 minutes I seemed to be all alone in the bathroom, until a fairly thin man walked in. He was about 5' 8" tall and I guess no more than 120 pounds. He was well dressed in a suit and had a full head of hair. His hair was salt and pepper in color and the suit was dark navy. He was very handsome and it seemed like the suit he was wearing just waved in the wind while he walked allowing you to almost see his body frame underneath. 

As he entered the bathroom he turned towards the urinals and walked directly towards me. I glanced up at his face and I was stunned by the fact that he looked like one of my friend's dad. My friend's name was Jack. I wasn't sure but the closer he got to me the more I thought so. My mind raced to recall if Jack's dad worked in the NYC. I use to see him at our baseball games in high school and remembered he always wore a suit. I knew his name was Pat. I just stood there with my cock out pretending to pee. I had a good size penis for my age, around 7 inches with a large cut head. I thought about what I should say if he recognized me. I knew we met in the past but he always seemed busy or preoccupied. It was usually just hello or good bye. I never really held a conversation with him, but I always thought he was attractive.

He walked right up to me and proceeded to stand in front of the urinal next to me on my right side. He reached down and unzipped his trousers and placed his hand inside them. It seemed like he was wrestling with what was inside and unable to get it out. After an extended moment he pulled his cock out. It was huge. It was so long my eyes were glued to it. I never had seen a cock that big before. It looked like the size of a grade school ruler. It was very thick and veiny, the color of pink coral. I also noticed he had pulled his balls out with it. I had never seen that before, but it excited me. His whole package was just hanging there out of the single opening of his trousers. His testicles looked like they hung half way down his thigh to his knee. His semi hard cock was nestled on top and looked so massive.

I didn't realize that I had developed a full erection, until I broke out of the trance I was in staring at his cock. I quickly looked away and just stood there hoping to be able to get another look. I could hear him urinating and when he was finished he just stood there in silence. It seemed rather odd to me that he didn't just zip up and be on his way. I wondered what he was doing, but didn't dare turn towards him to look out of fear of being caught or recognized. I could hear movement but couldn't make out what it was. I needed to look and when I did, I was shocked. He was holding his cock in his hand and was masturbating. I could sense his eyes were turned towards me and he was staring at my fully erect cock, but I didn't dare look to see.

I didn't know what to do, so I just continued watching him stroking his cock. Up and down he slid his hand wrapped around his huge cock. I could see the excess skin surrounding its head completely cover it on the stroke up and then completely expose the head when he glided his hand down to the base of the shaft. His balls were bouncing up and down with each stroke. They hung like two large eggs draped over his pant legs. I was so excited I started stroking my own cock. I just stroked my cock with enjoyment while I watched him stroke his without any hesitation or concern.

After a minute or two he looked up at me and said, "Do you like what you see?" 

I replied, "Yes, but I'm sorry for looking." 

He then said, "Don't be, I'm enjoying it." I continued to watch him jerk off while still stroking my own cock. His cock was so big, it seemed like he could use two hands to hold it. We both stood there looking at each other cocks and jerked off until we both ejaculated. I came first and he came a few seconds after. The cum oozed out from our cocks and dripped down to the floor. He didn't say a word after that and proceeded to wipe his cock off with his hand and place it back in his trousers along with his balls. I quickly put mine back in my pants and just stood there. As he was walking out of the bathroom he stopped and turned towards me and said, "Meet me here tomorrow at the same time outside the bathroom if you're interested in more." I said, "Okay." I couldn't believe what just happened but I knew I was excited to see him again. I wondered if he knew who I was and what he meant by "more". To be continued...