 The next day I couldn't wait to get to the train terminal to meet my friend Mark's dad, Pat. That night after our encounter in the public bathroom, I went over it a million times in my head recalling each erotic moment. I couldn't stop thinking about his cock and how beautiful it was hanging out of his trousers. The vision of him masturbating while I watched gave me an instant erection in bed that night. I just laid there caressing my cock and stroking it. I went over and over our lust filled meeting till my cock swelled and exploded with mounds of cum. 

Lying there I thought of all the possible scenarios that may go down tomorrow. I dreamed of seeing his manhood again and thought what it may be like to touch his penis. I had never felt like this before about a man or anyone as a matter of fact. Patrick was my friend's dad. This thought concerned me but the passion I felt for him only made me push the thought aside for now. I wondered what would happen tomorrow, if I'd really see him, or was it a way for him to leave the bathroom without conversation?

After about 20 minutes I felt my cock getting excited again. I had been laying there thinking about Patrick and seeing him naked. I hoped that we would do more than just masturbate tomorrow, but didn't know. I envision touching his cock and holding it in my hand. I noticed my cock had gotten a full erection again. I know I have been able to jerk off 2-3 times a day on occasion, but this erection was much quicker than in the past. There was hardly any time in between.

I grabbed my cock again and started stroking it, this time much slower and steadier. I closed my eyes, lying back thinking of Patrick. The visions that went through my head were so vivid. I saw myself caressing his large cock and giving in to his every wish. He filled every fantasy I have had about older men and my attraction to them. I can only hope he feels the same about me. The thought of his penis in my mouth raced through my head. I wanted him.

Within moments I felt my cock hard again, my balls tighten, and my back arch. My hand was wet from the pre-cum dripping from the tip of my head. I had a rush of blood flow through my body. I moaned with pleasure. My cock felt so sensitive in my hand as I stroked it faster. I moaned again and arched my back some more. I realized I was having an orgasm. I pumped the shaft of my cock harder and exploded with joy. Semen was shooting everywhere. I couldn't stop cumming. Wave after wave of orgasmic feeling went through my body and exited my cock. My ass hole puckered and my balls tightened some more as I shot the last amount of semen out of me.

I was tired and excited at the same time. I had just ejaculated twice within 30 minutes of each other for the first time. I had an orgasm, something I wanted to share with Patrick. I wanted to hold him and give him the pleasure he was giving me, even in my mind. My testicles were hanging like two golf balls in a loose sock. My cock was limp but still twitching from its last performance. I closed my eyes and went to sleep thinking about Patrick anticipating what tomorrow morning would bring.

The next day I woke up early and showered. I couldn't help but get an erection while lathering up thinking about seeing Patrick today. I almost ejaculated but refrained from doing so in anticipation of being with him. I wanted to look my best for Pat and decided to wear bikini underwear instead of boxers. I thought he would like them better but was unsure. I was guessing he was about 60 to 63 years old and would like a young stud in sexy underwear. I arrived at the terminal around 7 AM early enough to find a bench outside the men's bathroom in plain view. After about 15 minutes I saw him. 

Patrick was wearing a black suit with a white shirt and red tie. He looked very handsome as he walked across the lobby floor of the terminal towards the bathrooms. I watched as he glided across the floor and entered the men's bathroom. I waited a minute and got up and followed him in. When I got in I looked towards the urinals and tried to find him. I didn't see him standing there and had a slight sense of panic. I knew I saw him go in, but where could he be? I thought maybe the private stalls and proceeded to look there. I remembered the shoes he was wearing, black tasseled loafers, and pretended to tie my shoes and looked under the stalls. There at the end stall I saw a pair of black pant legs with black tasseled loafers. It was Pat.

I walked over to the last stall and went right in as if it had been empty. I closed the door behind me and stood chest to chest with Pat. I was afraid but didn't care. I looked at him with delight. He said he was glad to see me and without notice he reached down with his right hand and caressed my crotch area. He then leaned forward and began to kiss me. I had never been kissed by a man before. I was taken by surprise and at first was lip locked. After a second, I opened my mouth and let him enter. His tongue felt good as it explored my oral cavity. He pushed it in and rolled it around as his lips felt warm and wet on mine. 

I couldn't resist him. I reached down and began to feel his massive cock through his trousers. I rubbed it vigorously longing to feel it in my hand. I searched for the zipper and found it. With one quick movement I had opened it. I reached in and gently grabbed his cock and pulled it out. I was so excited I didn't notice that he had done the same to mine. He had lifted my testicles out also and had my cock and balls in one hand fondling them. I could tell he knew what he was doing as he progressively stroked my cock with his hand, palm side down. Intermittently he would grab my balls and squeeze them. I continued to stroke him as we kissed.

His cock felt so good in my hands. I stroked it back and forth, slowly rubbing its head with my index finger. He continued to kiss me as I explored his penis. I could feel how thick it was and how heavy it felt as I rested it on the palm of my hand on occasion. The head was very delineated from the shaft with a well-defined ridge. 

I couldn't wait any longer, I dropped to my knees and guided his cock in to my mouth and began to suck it. I heard him moan. With his cock in my mouth I reached up and unbuckled his belt allowing his pants to drop to the ground. He was wearing blue pin-striped boxer shorts. I could see his testicles were almost hanging out one side beyond the edge of the shorts. I reached up with one hand and started to massage them. They were so big. 

I continued sucking his cock and massaging his balls for a few minutes. He had placed one hand on my head and ever so lightly guiding my movements as I serviced his manhood. His cock was more beautiful then I remembered from yesterday. It had to be at least 9 to 10 inches long with a cut head and thick shaft. It was perfectly straight. I had only sucked a few cocks before but never one this big; they were guys my age at a local public bathroom in the park where I lived. They weren't as memorable as this or lustful. Patrick was a mature man, sexy without having to try to be, and more than that, he was my friend's dad.

Within minutes I felt his balls contract and his cock swell. I knew he was about to cum, so I sucked him harder and faster. I noticed he had placed both of his hands on the back of my head and held them there with a firm grip. I grabbed on to his ass with both hands and began to thrust him towards me. His cock was so big I felt like I was going to gag as it slid down my throat with every movement. I could taste his pre-cum. He arched his back and then exploded in my mouth. Round after round of semen was entering my mouth in continuous waves. I felt his warm juices as he unloaded what seemed like a pint of cum. I swallowed what I could and the rest was dripping out of the side of my mouth.

After he was done, I fell back onto the side wall of the stall and just sat there. My cock was still hard but I noticed I had leaked a fair amount of pre-cum myself as my underwear was very wet from it dripping. He reached down and helped me to my feet and began to kiss me again. I wanted to clean my lips off first but he didn't care. He licked what was left off of my lips and held me tight as we kissed like lovers. He had taken hold of my cock and stroked it while we were kissing. I reached for his cock but he shunned me away with his hand. It didn't take long for me to cum. I had never been kissed like this before. The feeling of a man's lips on mine while I was being stroked was very sensual. I felt myself unloading as he held me closer and locked his lips on mine.

When I was finished he said he wanted to see me again and asked if I wanted more. He asked if I could meet him here this Saturday around 9 AM. It was Thursday. I had so many feelings, so many questions, I wanted to talk to him but I realized it wasn't the time or place, so I just said okay. He got dressed and left. I sat in the stall for a few minutes and cleaned myself up. I opened the door and he was gone. It was Thursday and I had 2 days before our next encounter. Again I wondered what more was. To be continued...