 This is a continuation of the first three chapters of a true story that I had experienced. The relationship I had changed my life and was responsible for the wonderful life I have today. I hope you enjoy it as I have in allowing others to read it...

*****************

I was lying there in total ecstasy against the foyer wall. I had just reached an orgasm with my friend's dad, Patrick. Sitting next to me, he had his arm around me, staring into my eyes. I was totally exhausted from what had just occurred but couldn't help but wonder what he meant by more? My cock laid flaccid nestled between my testicles sprawled out on the oak wood floor. I hadn't had an orgasm with anyone before. This was the first time I experienced it with another man.

I felt guilty I hadn't reciprocated, but he didn't let me. We had arrived at his house and without notice he had taken me when we entered. Up to then I had feared he was going to end our affair, but I was wrong. It all seemed like a dream, my friend's dad and I having a sexual encounter. We had been together 3 times now. I laid there thinking about the day I met him, only 4 days ago, and now this. I was in love with this man and didn't know how to tell him. I was afraid that he would find out who I was and what that would mean to our relationship. I was sure he would be angry with me and cut it off immediately. I knew these secrets would have to be told soon, but for now I only wanted to please him.

I pushed my shoes off and removed my socks. I slid my trousers and underwear off from my ankles and tossed them to the side. I realized I still had my blazer and polo shirt on. I removed them both while I looked into Patrick's eyes. They were a beautiful green, like emeralds. I moved closer to him and kissed him, he didn't resist. He sat there on the floor and watched as I undressed before him. I removed every article of clothing I had on till I was naked, standing in front of him. 

"I want to please you." I said. 

"That's fine John, I'm okay." He replied.

"No, you've given me so much pleasure, I want to reciprocate." I said.

"Let me just look at you." He said as his eyes gazed up and down my body.

I didn't feel any embarrassment standing there naked. I only felt pleasure. The green of his eyes followed me as I reached down and grabbed hold of his hands. I only had one thing on my mind and that was to give myself to him and please him any way he wanted. I slowly pulled him up until he was standing. My cock was still wet and dripping with cum from ejaculating into Patrick's mouth moments earlier. It was soft now but still pulsing as it hung down between my legs. I leaned in and gently kissed him on his lips. I felt his stubble on my cheeks again, it was nice. As I kissed him I removed his sport coat and placed it on the floor. I slowly unbuttoned his shirt kissing each and every opening it made on his chest down to his naval. 

"You have a beautiful body, I want to see more." I said.

"You're kind, I'm an old man. I can be your father." He replied.

I paused and thought about Mark but only said, "Yes, I know."

He didn't say a word. Next I removed his belt and unbuttoned his jeans, all the while kissing him softly as I gazed in to his eyes. I felt mesmerized by him. I lowered the zipper on his jeans and peeled them from his body exposing his boxer shorts. I took his socks off next and tossed them with the rest of the clothes. He stood there in an opened shirt and underwear. I just stared at him and thought about Mark for a moment, but seeing his dad undressed before me made me forget. I leaned in and caressed his body exploring his chest first and then his arms and shoulders. My hands wandered all over him. I noticed there wasn't a glimpse of hair on his legs as I rubbed his inner thighs.

He was a thin man but muscular too, extremely fit. That turned me on about him. His chest had a few strands of hair near his breast bone and around his nipples. They were white. I noticed a small scar on his lower right rib cage and a dark blue tattoo of a cross on his left bicep, somewhat fading. I kissed them both then his mouth, tonguing his oral cavity. My arms extended down and again slid over his legs and found his shorts. I felt he was getting excited and liked it. His cock excited me. I had always been attracted to an older man's genitals, but Patrick's was perfect. It was what I would dream about. A big long cut cock with large loose floppy balls flanking it.

I whispered, "You feel so good. I want you."

He stood silent as I continued to get aroused by him. I could feel the girth of his penis beginning to swell. I slowly reached in to the opening of his shorts and touched it. I removed his shirt, slowly kissing the nipples on his chest. Patrick moaned. I leaned in and locked my lips on his again, kissing him passionately as I massaged his balls. He was breathing heavy now. I wanted to please him. As I groped him I could only think how sexy this old man was. He drove me wild, I wanted to love him and rape him all at the same time. His cock was beginning to harden now. His testicles were draped over my hand stuffed through his shorts. I couldn't hold back my desires any longer.

I knelt down in front of him and reached up and took hold of his boxer shorts. I kissed him just below his naval and started pulling his shorts down, lusting every inch of flesh I exposed. As his penis fell out with the last pull, I kissed his inner thighs and ran my tongue up under on to his balls. I lifted them up with my hand and licked underneath them. He lifted his leg up slightly allowing me better access. I tongued the area following the fold up to his ass hole. My hands parted his cheeks while my tongue licked up and down his crack finally ending with his opening. I felt the urge to suck it and did. I had never done this before but felt as if I knew exactly what to do. 

I asked him, "Do you like that?"

He said, "Yes."

I whispered, "Do you want more?"

He replied quickly, "Yes."

My mind went blank with passion. I licked his hole and then penetrated it with my tongue. I stuck it in his ass hole and began to twirl it around. Patrick began to moan as I continued to tongue him thrusting my rigid tongue in and out of his sphincter. Patrick's knees seemed to weaken as he moaned again. With my hands I guided him to bend over so he could rest his hands on his knees. I grabbed hold of his hips and began to fuck his ass with my tongue. In and out in and out I went building up to a fury. Patrick's balls were dangling in plain view and excited me more. I reached up and began to massage them as I continued to tongue fuck his ass. I'd alternate at times and suck each testicle. Patrick's ass was perfect, not a blemish on it. I buried my face in it again finding his entrance and protruded my tongue deeper. My hands ran freely about his body as I continued to rim him.

After a minute or two I stood up and said, "You're so fucking sexy Patrick. I want you."

He said, "I want you too."

My heart began to race. We stood face to face naked and kissed. I could feel his cock touching mine and his testicles pushed up against my thigh. They were warm. My hand found them as my tongue slid down his throat. The head of his cock was poking me, he had a full erection. I felt his hands caressing my body now. He reached down and grabbed my penis and began to stroke it. I was overwhelmed by his tenderness and his desire to be with me. Our bodies rubbed together as he wrapped one leg around me. My other hand held on to his ass as he began to rock his cock against mine. Patrick wanted me too. My feeling of passion turned in to lust.

I pulled him down to the floor and had him lie on the area rug beneath us face up. I straddled him on my hands and knees with my backside towards his head. Reaching around with my hand I found his mouth and slowly put my finger in it. He responded and sucked it. I looked in to his eyes. No words were spoken. I knew what I wanted now and I hoped Patrick would want the same. Patrick was fully naked under me, my friend's dad who I've known and secretly lusted for. His cock had risen to its full length. His testicles hung beneath them touching the floor. I bent over on all fours and lowered my head towards it hesitating a moment to take in its beauty. You could see his pelvic bone above his thigh, his veins pierced through the skin in linear directions. He was so smooth except for a small patch of pubic hair. It was rather straight and thinning, a shade of black mixed with grey.

His cock was standing straight up right below my mouth. I could see the head was twitching and pre-cum was leaking from the slit. I looked back underneath my torso and could see Patrick was watching. My tongue slid out and licked the semen dripping from his cock. His cock was longer than I imagined. It had to be at least nine inches maybe even ten. I was in awe of it. It was perfect. I opened my mouth and began to lower my head, gingerly engulfing it. I lowered my head further till I felt the tip of its head reach the rear of my mouth. Its girth filled my orifice. With Patrick watching I relaxed my throat muscles and continued down the shaft till there was no more. I had taken all his nine inches. Patrick moaned with desire.

I held myself there squeezing my mouth around it. My cock had re-gained an erection and was pulsing in plain view above his torso. Patrick reached up and took hold of it with one hand and pulled on my balls with the other. I moved my head up and down sliding along his shaft 6 or 7 times never releasing it. His testicles were bouncing in unison and excited me more watching them. I continued sucking as he was stroking my cock now. I kept thinking how fucking sexy he was, how I fantasied of being with a man his age, and how good it felt sexually to be with him. But I wanted more from him; I wanted more today, I wanted to please him in more ways than he desired, I wanted him in me.

I had never had anal sex with a man, only with a dildo I had bought. I never thought I'd feel this way with a man, but I was ready and wanted it with Patrick. I didn't know how to tell him and didn't know if it was something he wanted but I had to try. I released his cock from my mouth and reached back and grabbed my ass cheeks and spread them apart. I placed one finger near my hole and rubbed it till I was able to insert it. I looked back as Patrick responded with his hands finding their way to join mine. I removed my other hand and started to stroke his cock gently as he held my cheeks open now. I removed my finger and replaced it with his. He followed my lead. I watched as he probed my hole. One, two, and then three fingers entered my canal. Patrick slid them in and out slowly. I found myself pushing backwards with each stroke of his fingers, begging for more. I began to moan now.

I turned around and said, "I want more, I want you in me."

He looked at me and said, "Are you sure?"

I said, "Yes, I'm sure, I want you to fuck me. Put your cock in me."

I quickly turned around and faced Patrick on all fours. I reached back with my hand and found his cock while I leaned forward and kissed him again. My tongue swirled inside his mouth filling me with pleasure. While stroking his cock we kissed passionately. My thighs squeezed him beneath me while my ass rested just above his cock. I bent over and placed the tip of his cock near my hole. I slid it up and down lubricating it with his pre-cum. My hole was still dilated from his fingers. Patrick's erection was at its full length. My hand guided his cock into my hole. I pushed back slowly and could feel it enter. It was much bigger than I thought it was. I proceeded to push back more and felt it move in further. I never had anal sex before and really didn't know what to expect, but my desire for Patrick overwhelmed me. He started to rotate his hips and forced his cock in more. My canal stretched with every thrust. Pain began to occur. I could see he was less than half way in. I fought back the pain, but began to panic that perhaps I couldn't satisfy him. He had noticed and eased up penetrating me. I was new to this and didn't know what to say, but hoped that he would understand.

I turned and said, "I'm sorry but your penis is so big, I'm not sure what to do, but I don't want you to stop."

He replied, "Don't worry, it's okay, we can stop I can see it hurts."

I said, "No, try from the rear. I want you in me, please try."

He said, "Are you sure, John?"

I quickly replied, "Yes, I want to make love with you."

With that I got up and positioned myself on the floor on all fours. Patrick moved around me as he glided his hand along my backside. He used both hands and pulled my cheeks apart. I could feel my hole pulsing with desire. I reached around and found his cock again. It was still firm. As I began to stroke he told me if at any time it hurt or I wanted to stop to just tell him. I didn't care; I just wanted him inside me now. I nodded and said okay. Patrick leaned forward and began to lick my ass. He moved his tongue up and down my crack, as it flickered side to side. He sucked my hole and pushed the tip of his tongue in slightly. My body quivered as my cock twitched. He placed his finger inside me again and slid it in and out a few times. He followed with 2 then 3 fingers as I moaned with desire. My hole seemed to open wider. I thought I was going to cum from the sensation but held back. He pulled his fingers out and moved closer, positioning himself directly behind me with one hand on my ass spreading my cheeks apart and the other holding his cock. I could see it was fully erect as he moved in closer. It was beautiful I thought, and I wanted all of it in me.

The tip of his cock touched my opening again; it was wet from his pre-cum. With his hand he rubbed the pre-cum up and down his shaft to lubricate it. Next he gently pushed and the head began to move in easier. He told me to relax. His cock moved further in and reached a point where it felt tender like before. I knew Patrick's cock was huge, but I didn't want him to stop, so I tried to relax as I felt it move in further. I must have flinched because Patrick began to back out. 

I stopped him and said, "Don't pull out, keep going."

With that he spread my cheeks apart more and pushed harder. I could feel the point where he was a second ago. I relaxed my muscles and with a last thrust, it slid in. I felt a wave of warmth inside me. His entire manhood was in me, all 9 inches. His beautiful cock was in my love canal, and it belonged to my friend Mark's dad. The feeling of it in me was indescribable. His penis was so big and so thick I felt like it was coming out my stomach, but I loved it. The pleasure I was feeling I had never felt before. I was in a dream like state, kneeling there, as I was being humped by him. My mind raced with thoughts of Patrick and how lucky I was to have met him. My feelings for him were more than just erotic and lustful. This wasn't just sex. I loved him. 

Patrick slowly slid his cock in and out of my ass, while I pushed against him to balance his force. My cock had gotten soft and now was beginning to swell as he rode me. I reached under my torso and grabbed his testicles as they were bouncing off of mine. As he fucked me I could hear him moaning with desire. Our bodies were locked together. Patrick's cock felt so good inside me, I never experienced this before. The thought of him fucking me aroused me in my thoughts at night and now it was happening. I wanted to give him pleasure, more pleasure than he ever felt, the pleasure he had given me.

After a few minutes I turned on my side, Patrick lifted one leg on to his shoulder and slid his cock back in me. This time it seemed to slide right in, my hole was dilated and stayed that way from when he had removed his cock before. His cock was in plain view now and he was fucking me. I could see it entering in and out. He had his eyes closed at times as he arched his head back from desire. Our eyes locked as he pushed harder and faster. My penis became erect and was bouncing all around as he fucked me. My balls were draped over his shaft. He saw the delight in my eyes. He pulled his cock out periodically, just long enough for me to see and then stuck it back in. It was so long and thick yet it didn't hurt now. It felt good as he slid it in and out; my hole was completely wet from his juices. 

Relaxed I said, "You feel so good in me."

He replied, "Good, you sure it doesn't hurt?"

I said, "No, it's incredible, your cock is so beautiful, I love it."

He replied, "Thank you, but you're the one that's beautiful, I love you."

I thought, he said it, he said he loved me. I couldn't believe it. Those words were never spoken to me before by anyone other than my family. Warmth came over me. It wasn't only from the pleasure of his manhood engulfed in my body; it seemed to resonate from his heart to mine. I felt one with him. His cock was just the instrument. I can't tell you what I felt; it was almost an out of body experience. My body and mind felt one with his. His movements seemed to mirror mine as he continued to thrust his cock in and out of me. I was in ecstasy. 

After a few minutes, I flipped my leg down and was lying flat on my back now. He grabbed my cock and started to stroke it as he fucked me harder. I continued to look at him with lust and desire. I got more excited seeing him jerk me off while his cock was in my ass. I felt myself melting with him. I opened my legs more and rested them on his shoulders, allowing him to enter me further. My testicles hung down to one side of his shaft as he buried his cock inside me to its full length. My hole was still filled with his pre-cum. In and out he went as he stroked my cock. I couldn't take my eyes off of him as he fucked me. The thought of Patrick, this older man, loving me was all I could think about. Within minutes my cock felt like it was going to explode.

I moaned, "Oh Patrick, it feels so good, I can't take much more, I'm going to cum."

He moved one of his hands to my waist area, putting a firm grip on it. He started increasing his speed as he continued to jerk my cock off. I couldn't believe the pleasure I was feeling. I could sense he was going to cum soon by the tightening of his grip on my waist.

I yelled out, "I want you to cum in me."

He replied, "Are you sure?"

I cried out, "Yes, I want you, cum inside me."

With that Patrick pushed his massive cock in me. He increased his speed and was breathing heavily. I could feel his thighs pounding against my buttocks. I watched as he fucked me ferociously. I was sliding back on the floor with each thrust of his cock. His cock was splitting me in half, but I loved it. After a few minutes, it felt like it swelled some more. The head was pulsing as he grew closer to climaxing. I could only hold on as he took control.

Minutes later he yelled out, "I'm coming!"

I squeezed down on my muscles surrounding his cock as it exploded! He shot the first wave of semen in my ass. It felt volcanic. He continued to pump and ejaculated in my ass. I felt my own cock reaching a climax too. Patrick stroked it till it erupted too. Cum was shooting out from my cock on to my stomach as he continued to unload his own in me wave after wave. My balls were sliding along his shaft as it slid in and out lubricated by his cum. He arched his back and stuck his cock in further. He screamed with desire as he shot his last load. I could feel his semen spill into my ass hole with each wave. I reached down and grabbed his hands and pulled him closer while his cock was still inside me. I could feel his thighs pressed against my ass with all nine inches buried inside in. It was still hard. He had motioned to move out but I didn't let him. I wanted more.

I quickly turned over, back on my hands and knees and said, "Fuck me, fuck me more, Patrick."
