 What a day it had been. I spent the entire day at work being yelled at by my supervisors. The bank called and said that I was two months over due on my car note payments. My shoulders were tense.. I was tired.. And I needed some relief! Going home to an empty apartment and watching another rerun of Friends on TV was not appealing to me right now. So I had decided to make a stop on my way home from work.

I'm an attractive man.. shit, I'm hot. And I'm not conceited either.. just confident. I'm 5'9, 165 pounds. I work out when I get the chance. My body is pretty well defined. Nice toned abs, strong muscular arms, nice tan skin. I've had more than my share of partners throughout my life time, both male and female. But there was something unexplainable that drew me towards the men. I don't know if it was their unmistakable scent, or the sight of the bulge in their pants, but I couldn't keep my mind from wandering. When I turned 18, and I got my car, I used to drive to New Orleans and just stand outside the gay bars since I wasn't old enough to get in. I usually got lucky and was able to strike up a conversation. I always wore the muscle shirts and tight jeans.. I guess I was kind of advertising, but oh well. It was then that most of my gay sexual encounters took place...

***

I was standing outside a hot gay dance club as this young male, probably around 21 or 22 came up to me.

"Hey there. You're a little young to be hanging out around here, you think?" He had the most amazingly seductive voice. It was hard to concentrate.

"I might be a little young to get inside, but I don't see what's wrong with me doing my thing out here.."

"I guess.. Well how you like to 'do your thing' back at my place? I just live a few blocks down." How did I know that was coming? Maybe it was the way that I kept adjusting myself so that my 8 inch rock hard cock could be clearly seen through my jeans. I flashed him a nasty grin and followed him back to his car. With each step he took, his ass shifted ever so slightly. I just wanted to grab a hold. But that wouldn't be polite.. To hell with polite.. I walked a bit closer and wrapped my arms around his waist. Keeping step with him, I slowly began to grind my cock into his ass. He reached his hand up behind him and stroked my brown hair. He continued walking this way the short distance to his car. By the time we reached the driver side door, he spun around and I pushed him up against the car. Our lips met. With an amazing vigor I never knew I had, I explored every last inch of his mouth with my tongue, all the while my hands exploring the rest of his body. With one hand, he was up under the back of my shirt, running his hand up and down my spine. Using the other hand he opened the door to his car. We backed up in step, our lips never parting, as he lowered himself into his car.. He had done this before. After what seemed like an eternity, we broke the kiss so I could jump in the car. As I slid into the seat, he turned the ignition on. I hope he could drive and orgasm at the same time...

As he pulled out of the parking lot, I unzipped his pants. He lifted his ass off the cool leather seat allowing me to drop his pants to the floor. No underwear.. how nice. His thick 7 inch penis sprang out of its confines. I lowered myself down until I was just inches away from his manhood. I took a long breath, filling myself with the aroma of his cock The musky scent of his dick was all it took for me to jump on top of his dick. Wasting no time, I took his entire dick into my mouth. I began to work my tongue along the backside of his dick and I slipped my hands under his ass. He slid forward in his seat, giving my fingers better access to his ass. My fingers found the opening to his tight hairless pucker and began massaging it. I circled around the head of his cock just as my fingers were circling around the opening of his ass. In one swift motion, I dropped my mouth to the bottom of his cock as I shoved my middle finger up inside him. His ass was warm and as I moved my finger around, I was able to find his prostate. 

"Oh no.. not now. Don't finish me off until we get back to my apartment. I have something special in mind." His voice was matched by the timed rhythm of his shallow breathing. 

I slowly removed my finger from his ass, but still continued lightly on his dick. I brought my hand up and fondled his sac. Rolling his balls around between my fingers only added to his excitement. He rammed his cock hard into my mouth as his body spasmed. I stuck my finger back up his ass as he unloaded shot after shot of his amazing seed into my mouth. It was a feeling like never before. The cum leaked from my mouth as I released the suction from his cock. His seed tasted so warm and fulfilling that I just had to share it with him. As he reached a stop sign, I gave him a deep long passionate kiss, allowing him to taste the warm juice that he just filled my body with. 

"Don't worry, now. I'm sure you'll be up and running for a second round by the time we get to your apartment.." The thick white liquid that drenched my face and chin began to dry as we pulled into the parking lot. We both jumped out of the car and we met around front. He licked at my mouth and chin, lapping up all the cum that I had missed from the car ride. As he fumbled with the keys,

"Come on.. there's someone I want you to meet." 

A third party? I'm intrigued. He grabbed me by the waist and pulled me inside his apartment. There, lying on the couch asleep was a man equally as beautiful as the man standing before me. He slept nude, unaware that I was even there. 

"Why don't you go surprise him? I'm sure he'd be glad to see that we have company" the man said in a whisper. I looked at this fine specimen lying nude on his stomach. I crept over next to him and sat down on the floor next to the couch where he lay. Slowly I lowered my head to his ass and stuck my tongue out, just barely penetrating cheeks of his backside. It wasn't until I dipped down lower that my tongue entered the asshole of this stranger. His sphincter tightened out of reaction as he awoke.

"Oh Brian, that feels so good.. Please don't stop." Ha! He thinks that I'm his lover! So Brian's his name.. through everything that happened, I never knew his name. I crawled up this stranger's back and laid myself down next to him.. 

"Hey baby.. I'm not Brian, but you had better believe that I won't stop.."

To Be Continued...