 "Come here pup. Now."

I gulped but did as he said, letting him arrange me as he wanted. My cheeks were burning red, I was still hard and aching. Gavin seemed pleased at my state and smirked down at me. He had turned me over so my head hung over the side of the bed and I was left looking up at him, and more importantly: his thick cock only inches away from my lips.

"Can you guess what I'm going to do to you pup?"

I only gulped and shook my head, not wanting to admit I liked it when he told me all the things he would do in his sex laced voice.

"I'm going to fuck your throat and make you swallow my cum. Would you like that pup? My cum filling your belly, the taste of me on your tongue for the rest of the day.." His eyes glazed over as he looked down at me and he moved closer, rubbing the tip of his cock against my lips.

I said nothing, instead moaning quietly and flicking my tongue out to taste him.

"Such a good puppy, you want it don't you?" There was a dark satisfaction in his words and I felt my cock leak pre-cum all over my stomach in response.

Gavin pressed his cock against my lips until I opened my mouth obediently, and I couldn't help but whimper helplessly as I felt him push into my mouth. I choked when he reached my throat but Gavin didn't seem to mind my lack of expertise. In fact, he seemed to like it.

"That's right pup, gag on it." His voice was gravelly and made my body feel heavy, and I swear I was going to cum again just from the taste of him. It was heady and rich and made me feel like I would become addicted by the time he was done with me.

He fucked my throat like he'd fucked my thighs, only caring about what felt good him and not concerning himself with how often I choked around the thickness of his shaft pressing into my throat.

His selfish pursuit of his own pleasure shouldn't have been such a turn on.

I could tell when he was going to cum because whatever restraint he had was gone, and he was enjoying telling me just how much cum he was going to make me swallow.

"You better be a good puppy and swallow it all or I'll spank your ass raw. Understand? Now swallow." The threat only made me that much closer to cumming myself, his rough treatment of me and the realization that I was getting my mouth fucked like a slut enough to bring me to the edge in minutes.

That was the only warning I got before I felt his warm cum shoot down my throat, it was thick and filled my mouth as I tried to swallow as quickly as I could. By the time he pulled away I was sitting up and coughing, my throat was sore and I was embarrassed to find that I had cum at the same time he did. The taste of him on my tongue made me feel used. I was blushing furiously because I liked the feeling.

When I recovered I looked over to Gavin, somewhat dreading what I would find. He was just standing by the edge of the bed getting dressed, done with me. It hurt, seeing him so casually unconcerned with me and I assumed he really didn't care what happened to me until I saw him look up at me. He paused in putting on his belt and walked over to me, burying his hand in my hair and dragging me up until his lips were crashing down on mine.

He was kissing away the cum off my lips and I swear I would have been content to let him eat me alive in that moment.

Surely I had to mean more than just a fuck for him to do that?

He released me and I melted down onto the bed, his kisses making me feel boneless. He just chuckled and pinched my nipple, seemingly enjoying the little whine I let out. Then he dragged me to my feet and handed me my boxers before heading to the kitchen.

"Come on, I'll make dinner."

Dinner was comfortable.

Gavin made a simple dish of pasta and shrimp and we ate in relative silence. I found myself staring at him no matter how much I felt like dying from embarrassment each time he caught me at it.

The little smirk and glimmer of something, fondness maybe? In his eyes made it worth it.

"So what have you been up to since I left?" He asked casually (like he hadn't just all but fucked me not an hour before) when we were done eating, and I watched him gather up our plates and take them to the sink, momentarily distracted by the sweet domesticality of the moment.

When I didn't respond Gavin looked at me over his shoulder and paused, seemingly from the look on my face. Please tell me I don't have heart eyes just because I randomly imagined us being more than.. Fuck buddies or whatever we are. 

"I work at diner. I'm taking a gap year before I go to college. I don't do much really." I blurted out, wincing when my words came out stilted and awkward. This is why I didn't do people.

"You should work at the bookstore, it would suit you more. You always said you wanted one of your own someday." I wasn't sure how to handle a regular conversation with Gavin.

Without sex I was left with my usual awkwardness.

It didn't help that Gavin was talking to me like we were still close friends like we were before he left. I didn't know how to deal with someone who used to be my best friend coming back home, having every form of sex possible with me without sticking his dick in me, and then acting like we're just innocently catching up over a homemade dinner.

"I'm waiting for an opening at the bookstore, but now that I know people.. fuck in there I'm somewhat hesitant to apply." I said trying to sound sarcastic even as my cheeks flushed remembering the scene I'd witnessed in the store.

Gavin just chuckled, and again I felt warmth soak into me at the rich sound.

"My pup, such a innocent little thing you are." I swear my heart stopped when he said my pup.

Was I his now?

He must have read the confusion on my face because his amused grin slowly faded away and he was left looking at me intensely. His dark eyes were boring into mine and he moved closer to me slowly. I felt like I was being stalked like prey, and I was frozen. In fear or anticipation I didn't know.

"You're my pup, Matt. No one else gets to fuck your pretty thighs or your tight throat, no one gets to kiss you and hear those cute little sounds that make me want to wreck you, no one gets fill your tight ass with cum. No one but me. Got it?" He spoke slowly and firmly, crouching down in front of my seat so he could look me in the eye.

It only took a moment of hesitation on my part before his eyes narrowed threateningly.

"You said there was no one I needed to get rid of. Were you lying to me pup? Do you want someone else? Do I need to beat someone's ass so they know not to fuck with what's mine?" His voice dropped dangerously low and he looked genuinely ready to hurt someone.

All because he wanted me to be his.

"There's.. There's no one else Gavin." I mumbled quietly, but I know he heard me because I saw some of the anger drain out of him at my response.

"You're my pup. Say it." He said, his eyes trained on me.

"I'm your pup." My cheeks were flaming hot but my words were steady. I'd never been remotely attracted to anyone before Gavin, even when I was younger I'd find myself watching him mow the lawn without a shirt with a fascination I didn't understand. So accepting him as my... owner? Fuck buddy? Lover? Made sense to me.

"I'm your pup." I said again, and he smiled.

We spent the rest of the night with our clothes on surprisingly.

He sat down on the chair, the one that I would happily spend my life in, and pulled me down onto his lap. My head was tucked under his chin, leaning against his shoulder, and his strong arms were wrapped around me.

It made me feel safe.

We stayed like that for hours, him asking me questions on what he'd missed while he was away. Always carefully steering the conversation away from anything about why he moved or what happened while he was gone. I tried to ignore it for now, not wanting to upset him and ruin what was turning out to be the most comfortable, content few hours I'd spent in someone else's company.

"It's getting late pup, you look tired." Gavin said after we'd talked for- I glanced at the clock and my eyes widened in shock- four hours. It was already nearing one a.m. And he was right, I had been starting to get sleepy, lost in the warmth of his arms.

But then a thought crossed my mind that had me wide awake in seconds.

We were going to share a bed for the night.

Gavin smirked at me as if he knew exactly what I was thinking and nipped at my earlobe another sensitive spot I didn't know I had. 

"You nervous? You think I'm going to fuck you in your sleep? I'd only do that if you asked me to, pup." He chuckled lowly when my mouth dropped open in shock, both because I didn't know Gavin was into that and secondly I didn't know the thought of Gavin fucking me awake would turn me on as much as it did.

"I'm not.. I'm not nervous." I stuttered, not even convincing myself. He nudged me off his lap and held out his hand, his eyes sparkling mischievously.

"Let's go to bed, pup."