 I walked out of the county jail where I was in a holding cell for two and a half days very slowly and slightly bow legged. I had just turned 18 and made the mistake of mouthing off to a police officer during a traffic stop. It was early Friday evening and I didn't have a court hearing until Monday morning. I was put in a remote holding cell with three older, massive black men with the door locked behind me and the arresting officer walking away laughing. 

I was immediately the center of attention. I was surrounded by these African-American men and when I tried to protest them putting their hands on me, they pushed me up against the wall took off my clothes. That first night was a long hard night literally and figuratively. The first black cock I took up my ass was only lubricated by my spit from the blow job I gave and a glob of spit courtesy of Malcolm. His ten inches of thick meat took my anal virginity as I screamed into the underwear that was stuffed in my mouth. Starting with the head, the one I could barely get in my mouth, he inches his cock into my tensed butthole. By the time he had most of his cock in my ass I felt like I was taking a baseball bat. I became thankful for the cum in my asshole after Malcolm bred me because it allowed Tyrone and Sylvester's equally massive cocks to glide in and out more easily. 

By morning, each had had my ass and mouth at least once and I had eaten two of their black butt holes. They let me rest a while and as I laid there I realized that my resistance was gone. This I found out later was called being "turned out". At this point, I knew that I was the bitch and I would be their fuck toy as long as I was there. The officer brought us breakfast, saw me naked and laughed. I didn't care that he knew I was now their faggot. Tyrone and I skipped breakfast and he fucked me like his bitch. Although I was sore his cock slid in with little resistance. I began to move more fluidly and was able to deep throat most of his black monster. Than when he fucked me doggy style, his strong black hands on my shoulders and smacking my ass were making me horny. He was the thickest of the three and as he stretched me wider and wider, I came hard without even touching myself. 

Next, I was spit roasted by Sylvester and Malcolm and I admired their dark black tattooed bodies as they switched ends multiple times. It felt natural being used by them as I became more and more feminine in their presence. Each came down my throat with their uncut cocks. After a day and a half, I began to feel empty when they were not inside my white boy cunt. By the time Monday arrived, I had taken so many loads of cum in my cunt, mouth and face, I was sticky and rank. I washed the best I could in the sink, but only had limited success. I had to leave for court with my ass gaped and leaking cum, my hair and clothes disheveled and smelling like a whore. 

As I walked into court, I noticed my ass wiggling as the result of all the cock that had penetrated it all weekend. When I passed the arresting officer, I thanked him for straightening me out. He just looked at me and shook his head. While waiting to appear before the judge, I was seated between two different black men and felt myself getting horny. One of them placed his hand on my thigh and whispered in my ear. He said he had heard about what happened to me in the holding cell and would like to get together. He also said that he had plenty of friends that would enjoy a pretty white boy cum slut. After I was released, I went to a cheap motel with him and I became his bitch. I ignored all the messages from my girlfriend over the next few days while I was getting black bred. I later found out she stopped calling because one of my black lovers sent her a picture of me with his cock buried in my well stretched asshole. The caption just said "My Bitch".