 My wife's sister, Elaine, is probably the nuttiest broad I know. Talk about ditzy...she takes the cake and I have felt sorry for her husband John ever since they got married ten years earlier. They live at the other end of the state and we don't see them often but when we do visit we stay for a few days. It was their turn to visit us again so I had to look forward to being around that stupid cow for the next 48 to 72 hours. Ugh. I would come up with a million things that John and I could do that would take us out of the house for as many of those hours I could manage.

I am an electrical engineer with a million hobbies. Golf, and hunting and fishing being high on my fun things to do list and John likes many of the same so I arranged a match for him and I at one of the best courses in the area. Our playing partners were a guy my company had done some business with a few years earlier and his wife. Tom was a fun guy to be around and his wife, Carla, was drop dead beautiful. The match went pretty well with me having a tough time keeping my eyes off Carla's ass every time she bent down to put a tee in the ground or pick her ball out of the cup. I could just envision spooning to that ass some night while I gently inserted my dick between what I could only imagine were soft puffy pussy lips. Oops, back to the match. It went back and forth for seventeen holes with everything riding on the last one which John and I won. Great, we won the match ---they had to buy the drinks. 

The conversation around our table in the Grille covered the full range...politics, sports and current events and lots of double entendre jokes. After two or three drinks we were getting a little loud and the risqué nature of our humor was getting far more direct. Three of us were having a great time but John looked miserable. 

Carla finally asked him what was bothering him and he mumbled something none of us could understand. There was a 3-piece combo playing some soft background music in an adjacent room and Carla, being the good sport she is, asked John to dance. Tom and I each egged him on with Tom saying something like, "John go ahead, she doesn't bite...at least she's never drawn blood!" With that he put both of his hands down to his crotch and rolled his eyes while letting out a little stage moan. Even Carla roared.

They returned to the table at the end of the next number and it appeared that John had loosened up a bit. At least he was smiling. Tom finally stood saying, 

"Hey Guys, we have had a great time but will have to leave you now. We have a dinner date and need to get home to change for it."

We all stood to bid our good byes and shake hands with Tom. I leaned over to give Carla the obligatory cheek to cheek goodbye air kiss and her response was an air- kiss directed directly in my ear and she softly and seductively whispered,

"Call me." 

God, would I ever. 

Before leaving the grounds of the course I dropped over to the pro shop and scanned the list of scheduled Tee times for the next few days. Tom was scheduled for a mini tournament match four days out which would mean he was going to be on the course for not only the match but there was always a get together roasting of the losers afterwards. He would be at the course for at least six hours. This was perfect. John and Elaine would be gone by then and I would make sure I had some free time for Carla. 

We called home to tell my wife that we weren't going to be home for dinner but would be going to watch a community college soccer game early that evening and would grab a bite at the clubhouse. One of our neighbor's kids was playing and I had promised him I would come and watch one of his games. 

It was only a short ride over to the field and by the time we go there the teams were out warming up and the cheerleaders were getting ready to strut their stuff. The both looked good but I could quickly see it wasn't the game I was going to be watching but the cheerleaders.

I had forgotten how lovely and sexy cheerleaders could be. These were in their early twenties and each of them had nice firm and perky tits. What's the old saying?..."Any thing more than a mouthful is wasted." I was feeling like a real pervert but couldn't take my eyes off one in particular. She had long blond hair, lovely tits, a great smile and a tiny waist. "John, take a look at her," pointing her out. She was simply good - looking gorgeous with a body to match. 

He didn't seem as excited with her as I was. Damn, I could feel my cock getting hard and wasn't sure what to do about it. We had driven there in John's SUV and had parked at the far end of the bleachers. I looked over at him and noticed he wasn't watching the cheerleaders but was instead looking at the growing bulge in my crotch. Damn, was he bisexual?

We sat there for another soccer period and by then I had a raging hard-on. The gals really had me going and John's eyes were now absolutely glued to my crotch. Maybe I ought to test him or at least give him a thrill. I slipped my hand down to my zipper, opened it and let my dick out for some air. It was so hard it sprang straight out in front of me. I kept one hand on it and just stroked it ever so lightly.

"John, take a look at this. I am hard as a board. Look what that gal did to me." 

He quietly looked over and mumbled something to the effect of, " Phil, she sure got you aroused. Are you going to jack off right here? No one can see you through the dark tinted glass on the windows if you want to." 

"Yeah, you're right" I replied as I started to stroke myself more seriously.

He was staring at the rise and fall of my hand as I caressed myself.

"Phil, bring your hand over here. You can actually feel my heartbeat right though the pulsing of my cock." I offered.

That was all it took. He slid his hand over and I took it and directed it to where my throbbing was most obvious. He held it there for a few minutes when I took it and started to move it up and down the same way I did with my own as I was jacking off.  

Once again his eyes were just staring at the head of my cock when I thought I would help him make a decision it looked as if he was having some difficulty with. I reached over and put one hand behind his head and gently pulled his face down to my dick. When it was just a few inches away he resisted a little and turned his face up to look at me and said.

"Phil, I never did anything like this before but I have known for some time that if I was ever going to do it I wanted it to be with you." 

"Great John, make us both feel good."

He turned his face back to my cock and opened his mouth. I gently pushed a little more and he soon had his warm lips engulfing my shaft with most of it buried in his throat. I only have a little more than seven inches and felt with a little practice he was going to be able to take all of it.

It wasn't long before he was rising and falling on my shaft while reaching back into my shorts to play with my balls. His tongue was doing some magical things on my shaft that I had never felt with any other blowjob I ever had, but then again this was the first one I ever had from a guy. He was doing things with his tongue that he knew pleased him when he got one and must have figured it would also make me feel good. He was so right. 

Damn, this was feeling terrific and I knew I wouldn't be able to last much longer. I had one hand resting on the back of his head and giving it a light downward pressure every time he lowered his face on my cock. I had guessed right; he was now able to take my entire shaft in his mouth. The bulbous head of my cock was banging against the back of his throat. 

"John, I am going to shoot my load very soon. Are you going to be able to take it in your mouth?" I asked over his bobbing head.

My question was answered by a nodding of his head as I shot stream after stream into his throat. I had pushed myself in as far as he could take it just before I came so most of my juices were shooting straight down his throat.

He raised his head slightly and licked off every drop of cum that was dripping down my now limp shaft while his hand was massaging the purple head of my cock. I reached around to my back pocket and got a handkerchief to wipe up the rest of the moisture on my crotch.

He then raised his head all the way up and turned to look out the window opposite me. "You are going to think the worst of me and I can't blame you." 

"John, you are wrong about that. You had a need and satisfied it. I am glad that I was the one you did it with and not some stranger." I answered.

"Thanks for that Phil. I was afraid that it would ruin our relationship and spoil our get-togethers with the sisters."

"No sweat. We better be getting back to see what they have planned for us tonight." I suggested.

As expected, John's wife, Elaine, suggested we go to a late movie to see some silly ass love story she had heard was good. It was terrible.

The next morning I had some other ideas of ways John could pleasure me and told the girls he and I were going to ride out to a small hunting camp some guys and I use during deer season. We would be doing some target shooting and straightening up some stuff that needed work. It really is an old house-trailer the guys have fixed up with a bunch of bunks and a huge dining table with a pair of gas stoves to handle the cooking for about ten of us during the season. I stopped at the drug store to get something I hoped I would get to use...KY jelly. I love to fuck an ass but my wife won't agree to it. I tried it once with her and you could have heard her scream a mile away as soon as I had the head of my cock and about three inches of the shaft in her. She had been up on her hands and knees and fell face down on the bed sobbing her heart out. That was the end of that.

"John, it is about an hour and a half ride out to the camp so relax and make yourself comfortable. I grabbed some lunch meat and stuff from our fridge so we won't have to stop for anything for our day together." I told him.

"Phil, I hope you aren't getting the idea I am some 'men's room faggot'. I had never done anything like what I did yesterday before," he said very emphatically.

"John, I don't think anything of the kind but I do think you like me and really enjoyed making each of us happy yesterday. Am I wrong?" I asked 

"No, you are right as rain. I have been thinking of doing that for you for a long time and I am glad I finally did." 

The rest of the trip was uneventful and we got there around 10AM. 

"C'mon John, take a look around the place. The guys are kind of proud of what we made of it and enjoy the times we spend here every season." 

We poked around outside before I jumped up on the small porch we had built and unlocked the door. "C'mon in and see our Shangri La" I suggested laughingly.

As soon as we were inside I locked the door behind him and turned to him and said, 

"Look John, you and I both know why I suggested we come out here today. I loved the blowjob you gave me yesterday and I want another one just like it.

He never said a word but just looked at me sheepishly. 

"Phil, I knew why we were coming here as soon as you mentioned it." 

"Great, look at this," as I pointed to my crotch. "It is half hard already knowing what a super job you are going to do on it." My cock was starting to push a tent out in front of it through my jeans.

"John, come on over here and show me what you can do for me." I said patting the cushion on the sofa long side of me. 

"Hold on, don't be so impatient. At least let me get my coat off." He said jokingly.

By the time he had his coat off I had released my cock and it jumped out right at him.

"Wow, it sure is anxious," he said as he caressed my now throbbing dick.

"Jack, forget that shit. Get over here and down on your knees in front of me and wrap your warm hot lips around this thing. I am so horny I am going to shoot a load before you even touch it" 

He dropped to his knees and took my cock in one hand started to trace the veins from the base up to my cock ridge. There was pre cum showing and he smeared it around the head and then up and down the shaft. This was all great but I wanted his mouth around it and around it right then. I reached up behind his head and pulled him forcefully down to meet the head of it. I placed the bulbous head of my cock against his open lips and went in a little ways before starting to push slowly in as far as I could. I was soon in all the way with his lips banging against my pubic hair. I was like that for a minute before he started a choking sort of cough.

He pulled his head aside saying, "Phil, I am going to have to learn to breathe around it if you are going to want to fuck my throat that way." 

"Yeah, learn that fast for it sure felt good all the way down your throat. Get back on it." I ordered.

He looked at me strangely as if he didn't recognize me from the tone of my voice and to tell the truth I am not sure that anyone would right at that moment. My cock was as hard as a steel rod and pulsing so strongly I could see the veins in it throbbing and all I wanted right then was to have that cock buried deep in his throat. 

"John, try it again and I'll go slowly to see if you can breathe around it."

I slipped it in his mouth and then went in a bit further before going down his throat a little ways. "John I am going to stop right there to let you get your breath and see if you are able to still breathe."

Hell, it was a snap. As soon as I went about it more slowly than I did at first everything was fine. I few seconds later I was once again all the way in and when I stopped I could hear him breathing around it.

"John, don't answer me but that feels terrific. I am going to fuck your face slow and easy but when I cum I am going to pull out and fill your mouth with my juice. Yesterday most of it went down your throat and you never had a chance to taste much of it." He just nodded a little. 

Within second I was shooting a stream partly down his throat but I pulled it all the way out and shot a good bit of it all over his face before letting it get back into his mouth to finish my orgasm.

As soon as I pulled out of him he licked it clean. I got up and went over to the sink before remembering that I hadn't turned on the gas for the hot water. We were going to wash off with chilly water. Damn, that would have my dick shriveling up inside of me. I instantly turned on the gas water heater for the wash up I was hoping we were going to need later on.

We cleaned up and I said, "Hey John, I brought a.22 target rifle and pistol if you would like to try your hand at it. How about it?" I offered.

"Phil, it has been years since I have even held a gun but I wouldn't mind trying it again." 

We putted around shooting at various targets in the field behind the trailer for an hour or so before coming back in for some lunch. 

"John, let me start the gas generator and we can watch some TV while we are eating."

It was soon rumbling away and destroying the stillness of the peaceful woods. I hate the damn thing but it is the only way we have to get electricity this far back from the road. I put together some sandwiches, a couple of cans of soup and some coffee and we sat for our noonday meal.

Our conversation ranged all over the gym. Politics, religion, current events and sports before finally turning to the principal subject...sex.

"John, I loved your blowjobs but there is another thing I would like to do with you before we go back." 

"Phil, I can only guess what it is but I will bet I'm right. You want to fuck my ass, don't you?"

"You got it. I thought about all last night and awakened this morning with a hard on that could break rocks." I said.

"Well, as I told you, I have never had any kind of sex with a guy before yesterday so my ass is a pure virgin territory."

I jumped in with "Than let me take your cherry." He roared with laughter.

After lunch, I stood to clean off the table and as I passed him he reached up and gently touched my cock through my jeans. I looked down at him and he just nodded 'yes.'

I put the dishes in the sink and led him by the hand to the largest of the bunk beds. We stripped and I got the tube of KY from my jacket and asked him to get onto his hands and knees.

The KY was cool to the touch but I soon warmed it up in my hand as I smeared it over my cock and then put a gob in his ass. I inserted one finger and he jumped a little but soon accepted the foreign intrusion and I followed with two and then three fingers and started to pump them duplicating what my cock would soon be doing to his asshole. 

"John, I am going to go slow and easy with this but it will be easier on you if you relax your sphincter muscle. It won't hurt as much."

I positioned the pulsing head of my cock behind his virgin asshole with one hand and then pushed forward gently. The head came in contact with his puckering ass and he gasped a little and moved away just a bit. I moved to let my cock brush deeply in his warm and waiting cheeks. I was positioned perfectly and tenderly grabbed his hips and pulled him back at me a little again. My head slipped in about an inch or so.

"Phil, hold it. This is going to hurt more than I thought it would. I had forgotten how big you are." He said as he squirmed his ass around a little.

"Easy does it John, I am going to keep a slight pressure on you until you tell me to stop."

I was in about half way when he squealed "Oh God, stop and let me catch my breath."

The pause gave him time to start breathing normally again. He had been holding his breath ever since the first inch was in him and he now let out a long whooshing sound.

"John, I am going to start again. Just relax if you can."

He never made another sound before I announced that I was in to the hilt and then he just said "Finally!"

I pulled back out almost all the way and slathered more KY on my shaft and worked a finger full down to his asshole around my cock before starting to thrust it deep within him. It wasn't long before I was driving it long and hard when he asked me to stop.

"Phil, I would like to lie on my back with my legs in the air as you fucked me so I could see your face and maybe jack myself off while you are enjoying yourself."

"OK tiger, roll over."

He positioned his ass in front of me and lifted his legs in the air and I lifted them up on my shoulders as I pushed my still throbbing cock back into his shiny ass. It was obvious he had a very small cock and it was lying there limp.

"John, if you are going to jack off you better do something about getting it hard first." I suggested.

He wet a couple of his fingers and started to massage the head of his cock while I was driving my own deep within him. I could feel his sphincter muscle grabbing it with each stroke I made. His dick finally started to show some life and was up to its full four inches when I looked down at it. It wasn't big enough for him to get his whole hand around it so he was jacking off with a couple of fingers and his thumb.

When John shifted his hips, taking me deeper, he moaned, "Oh God Phil," and his body continued to rise up to meet my thrusting cock as he half-screamed "Fuck me harder." His body was moving in perfect sync with my own. 

My thrusts were getting faster as I started to feel that warm tender feeling in my balls and I was ramming them home with all the force I could muster. I had my hands on his hips with his legs still on my shoulders as I started my orgasm. I was soon filling his ass with stream after stream of hot cum in that virgin crevice. It was tighter than any pussy I had ever fucked and I knew that this may have been the first time but certainly not the last I would be ramming my cock into it.

He started to moan a little more and his breathing became faster and deeper and as I looked down he had his orgasm, such as it was. I few small drops spurted out of it on his stomach as he was stroking it and he had a satisfied look on his face. 
