 Gavin's smile was wicked as he headed to the door.

"Come on pup, lets go have dinner with our moms with my load leaking out of you. Should be fun." He grabbed my arm and dragged me down the stairs.

Dinner was painful.

Gavin was smirking at me across the table and I had to answer his mother's questions about my future with his cum leaking out of my sore ass. Any comment made by mother or his was met with a sexual innuendo that set my cheeks on fire.

"How's the workload at school Matt dear? Not too much for you I hope?" Gavin's mother asked kindly as she watched me with innocent curiosity. Before I could respond Gavin beat me too it.

"I'm sure he can take any load he's given, no matter how big. Isn't that right Matty?" He only chuckled as my face burned bright red and I mumbled a vague yes.

He had no right to keep bringing my attention back to the fact that every time I moved I felt the slickness of his cum between my cheeks.

How was it that I went from not knowing anything or caring about sex, to having sex (specifically sex with Gavin) being the only thing on my mind?

I must have spaced out because when I finally heard my mom call my name her tone was sharp, like it wasn't the first time she'd called me.

"Matt, I was saying of course you could have a sleep over at Gavin's. You didn't have to have him ask for you." My eyes widened in horror, and, even if I'm ashamed to admit it excitement, as I looked from my mother to Gavin.

He was just smiling innocently and when he spoke his tone was light and devoid of any sexual undertones. I was in awe of his ability to hide the fact that he was practically the devil incarnate.

"Thank you Mrs. Roberts, I know he was just worried you'd say no. But I haven't seen him so long I wouldn't want to go our separate ways again when we were just catching up." His smile was blindingly angelic.

That scheming, conniving--

"What a polite young man you are. Matt, go get your things. Mrs. Hunt and I will have a girls night while you and Gavin are having fun."

My mother looked more happy about the arrangement than I was.

Gavin just walked me to the stairs and murmured in my ear so lowly no one could hear, "You're not sleeping tonight pup. You don't even need to bring anything but clothes to wear home."

I glared at him but obediently stuffed a change of clothes into my backpack. His gaze on my as I bent over to grab some jeans made my body feel warm. I knew I was blushing by the time I stood up, and he just smirked at me before heading towards the door. Nervous and with a stomach twisted into knots, I followed.

What is he doing to me?

Gavin drove us across town and was quiet the entire time. It gave me some time to think about all the things he could do to me, and why the hell I was looking forward to it so much. By the time we got there I still had no idea why Gavin affected me so much.

We walked into the surprising nice apartment complex and he lead me to the third floor, a dark wood door at the end of a quiet hallway. He opened the door as if he owned the place and waited for me to walk in before closing the door with his foot- an action that had me rolling my eyes almost fondly. I remembered he used to do that all the time when we were kids and it had driven his mother crazy.

I looked around the studio curiously, fascinated by the stacks of books everywhere- on top of a speaker system, the kitchen table, every flat surface apparently- clashing with random band posters. The wide soft looking bed was placed under a window with rumpled dark sheets and I couldn't stop my mind from wandering..

What would Gavin look like? Tangled in the sheets, his tan skin against the dark fabric.. 

What would the sheets feel like against my cheek if Gavin fucked me on my knees ad shoved my head into the mattress-

Gavin was corruptive.

There was a couch and a cozy looking chair and a coffee table. Overall it was a relatively put together place. I still had no idea why Gavin would have the keys to it.

"Whose is it?"

I swear to god if he brought me over to one of his fuck buddies' apartment --

The slight jealousy that rose up in me surprised me.

Sure I felt attached to Gavin, he had been my older neighbor who made sure the bullies that followed me home never bothered me again. He had been my best friend and listened to my secrets and told me his. We had been inseparable until his family moved. But that was years ago. I didn't care about him anymore. He was practically a stranger to me now. I shouldn't care if he brought me to someone else's house. I shouldn't care if he had fucked another person in the apartment.

Right?

So why the fuck did it make me irritated just thinking about it?

He just glanced at me like I was an idiot, unaware of my internal struggle with trying to find out how he kept me attached to him even after all these years, before he shrugged off his jacket and threw it on the dark leather couch.

"Mine, dumb ass." I glared and sat on the cozy chair, the really cozy chair, realizing with amusement I would have no shame sleeping with Gavin if only to have constant access to it. I scoffed trying to clear my mind, trying not to think about how often the thought of Gavin fucking me entered my mind. I didn't need to question it. I just needed to ignore every thought and feeling that was about Gavin.

Yeah, like that's gonna work.

"Excuse me for not assuming the degenerate high school graduate, who already has a place to stay, had an apartment already." He rolled his eyes and sat on the couch across from me. It was strange. He didn't choose a seat that was suffocatingly close to me, and I couldn't- more like didn't want to think about why that bothered me.

He just sat there a small smirk on his lips like he already knew how easily he was screwing with me. His dark brown eyes were boring into me with a heat and intensity that had me hard, again, in minutes.

"You're so needy, pup." Gavin didn't seem to mind though.

He seemed strangely please by his effect on me.

"I was perfectly fine never thinking about sex until you came along, thank you very much." I mumbled sulkily. He barely did anything and I was turned into a sex addict.

But I wanted to know one thing that kept bothering me..

"Why did you say you say all that? Before dinner? You said you 'came all the way back here' to get your hands on me.." I trailed off when I saw the scowl forming on his face. He seemed genuinely upset and I couldn't figure out why, but his face closed off again and now he just looked amused even if it was a bit forced.

"I always had this fantasy of fucking the cute boy next door. Now get over here." Gavin didn't seem like he would be answering anymore of my questions and honestly I wouldn't know what questions to ask.

I didn't understand him, even if I suddenly found myself wanting to.

I stood and made my way over to him, not at all surprised when he pulled me onto his lap. His smile turned predatory as his hands moved to cup my ass starting that tingling in my belly all over again. "Now. We were interrupted earlier. You were lying to me about how I'm replaceable."

Now this I could understand.

I crossed my arms over my chest and tried to act like I wasn't already in knots from his hands on me. "You're full of yourself. Just cause you're pretty-"

Gavin squeezed my ass hard and I squealed.

Again.

"What was that pup?" He smirked and his eyes darkened lustfully as he watched me squirm. "You think I'm pretty?"

I tried to speak but every time I opened my mouth it ended up being cut off by a squeal when his large hands gripped my ass tightly, making the now familiar burn fill my body--

It made me ache for him.

"Now I'm going to ask you again, and you're going to answer me truthfully like a good little puppy- or you'll be punished. Got it?" The threat of punishment in his voice only made my arousal sharper, more desperate to be sated by Gavin and his wicked hands.

"Am I the only one who does this to you? Can anyone else get you this hot?" He leaned forward, his mouth trailing over my neck. I had to struggle to clear my head enough to honestly think about his question.

Did anyone else ever even come close to what Gavin did to me effortlessly?

Had anyone made me even remotely interested in doing something sexual?

Could anyone even compare to Gavin?

"No.." My breath hitched as I stuttered as Gavin's hands moved up to my hips then under my shirt, pinching at my nipples in that cruel way that seemed to make me melt.

"That answer deserves a reward I think pup. What would you like?" Gavin's smirk was smug as he looked over me writhing in his lap like a desperate slut, and I realized that's exactly what he'd turned me into.

"Let me guess, you want me to make you feel filthy. Make you feel used and dirty and mine." My gaze snapped to his as I heard the last word but I didn't have time to respond. I was thrown over his shoulder and he headed to the bed. My blood was burning from the thought of him fucking me.

I should have been scared.

But instead I just squirmed on his shoulder impatiently and whined like I wanted whatever he was going to do to me.

He set me down in front of his wide bed and raised a brow patiently, his voice calm and full of a confident control that he shouldn't have had at only 24 years old, "Strip."

I hesitated just long enough to make him narrow his eyes and say, "Don't make me tell you twice," in a way that had me shivering.

I pulled off my clothes slowly, my face growing steadily redder as I realized that having him fully dressed only made me hyper aware that I was exposed to him. Every inch of my skin that I uncovered made me feel more vulnerable while he remained fully clothed and in control of the situation.

When I stood before him naked, my clothes scattered on the dark wood floorboards at my feet I looked at him. For approval or another order, I didn't know. And that instinctive glance had me thinking.

Am I really am a lost little puppy who needs Gavin to tell me what to do?

Apparently the answer was yes, yes I am.

Because I had no idea what to do next and was just standing there. Fidgeting uncomfortably without Gavin's guidance.

And all the while Gavin just smirked at me.

He let me stand there, shifting my weight from foot to foot. Trying to hold out and not give in to his little game. But I couldn't.

"Gavin--" I started, wanting to ask him just exactly what it was he wanted from me, before he cut me off. Apparently he'd been waiting for me to give in before starting.

"Do you remember what I told you in the bookstore, pup?" He drawled slowly, his dark eyes flashing wickedly as he looked over me. His gaze made my body heat up in a way that had grown familiar and I bit my lip to keep from whimpering out loud at the hunger in his eyes.

I was starting to crave the way he looked at me like he wanted to eat me alive, and I was sure it wasn't healthy.

"You.. you said a lot of things.." I murmured unsure, worried and yet somewhat hopeful that I'd be punished for not answering correctly.

Then I wanted to slap myself because why on earth should I be hoping he'll punish me?

"I said I wouldn't fuck you until you were begging. And I don't think your ready to start begging." He chuckled at my expression and I tried to convince myself I wasn't disappointed by his response.

"But I did say I'd give you a reward, didn't I? I think we can compromise.." He smirked at the confusion written on my face and pushed me back until I fell on the bed and started pulling off his shirt. I realized my eyes were probably popping out of my skull by now as I tried to take in the sight of Gavin's naked chest.

It was covered in tattoos.

Enough that he was able to cover it with a tee shirt but still cover almost every inch of his chest and shoulders. 

And now I have a tattoo kink. Great.

Before I could even say anything about his beautiful tattoos, black and colored ink engraved on his skin in intricate images, he started on his belt.

Holy shit.

Having Gavin strip before me had me harder than I thought was possible.

Being already naked he could see the way my cock twitched when his pulled off his jeans and boxers revealing his ridiculously fat member and he chuckled huskily as I blushed remembering what it felt like having just the tip in me. By the time he was fully naked I was honestly considering whether or not I would beg him to fuck me because he was the perfect temptation.

His body was muscular but not in a bulky bodybuilder way, in a more subtle, lean, I'm strong enough to beat your ass if I wanted to way.

Apparently that was my type because I wanted his body on mine. I wanted him on top of me, surrounding me, filling me.

"Gavin.." I didn't know what I was going to say.

Stop making me want you?

"Like what you see Matt?" The use of my name instead of pup had me looking up to his eyes, dark and guarded like my answer mattered more than he was letting on.

I could only nod, my mouth gone dry at the intense stare in his eyes as he started to get on the bed crawling over me until our bare skin was pressed together. His thick hard cock lined up with mine and one of his legs between mine making my thighs spread slightly.

"That's my good little puppy." He smirked and I thought I could see relief in his eyes from my answer, but then my mind went blank when he rocked his hips against mine.

"All you have to do is beg. Just say 'please Gavin, fuck my ass' and I will. Got it?" His voice was husky and dripping in sex in the way that seemed to always mess me up in the worst (best) way.

He grabbed my thighs and pulled them up until both of my legs were resting on his shoulders. I was confused by what he was doing until he rocked his hips again, and I felt him fucking the small gap between my thighs--

I want it.

I moaned at the sensuous feeling of the satiny skin of his shaft rubbing against my inner thighs, by now I was ready to cum just from this and his voice in my ear.

"Should I fuck you on your back? Let you see what your tiny little hole looks like stretched around my cock? I'd be able to see your face and your pretty screams while I pound you into the mattress.." Eventually it seemed like he was talking to himself, using my soft thighs to get off and that made me whine and moan as arousal burned through my body.

What was it about Gavin using my body to get me off that made me so hot?

His hips kept rocking and rocking and it felt like I was getting hypnotized, my mind cleared of any and all thoughts besides yes, yes, yes.

When I felt his cum shoot all over my stomach and chest I was cumming too, from the dirty picture his words created, the sound of his voice. Every single thing about Gavin and what he did to me made me cum so hard it felt like I was being ripped apart.

My legs were let down slowly and Gavin knelt over me, his naked and tattooed chest heaving as he looked down at me with a dark satisfied smirk on his face. I wondered what I must look like.

My small lean body covered in my cum and his, my dark curly hair a mess as usual, my wide brown eyes hooded and glazed over from the pleasure of my orgasm..

Whatever he saw in my appearance sprawled out on his bed, he liked it. I could tell because holy shit his cock was still hard. I was amazed and confused until I looked down and realized I was too.

When we were together it seemed neither of us could help but get turned on and stay turned on.

We weren't done.

"Now it's time for my fun pup. We're gonna put that pretty, sarcastic mouth of yours to work."

He moved to stand by the edge of the bed and crooked his finger at me, a wicked gleam in his eyes as he murmured darkly,

"Come here pup. Now."