 I think I was on my knees in that store for about 10 minutes. Completely confused at what had just happened. He hadn't done anything to more than pinch my nipple and make me fix his pants, but his voice had flipped some sort of switch in my body. Everything was still hot and the tingling in my stomach got worse the more I thought about my behavior.

I'd gotten my first kiss in a bookstore, from a guy who had already decided he would fuck my good little boy cherry, and made me get on my knees so my face was level with his junk and fix his pants.

For some reason praying seemed like the right thing to do even though I'd never been particularly religious. I got up off the floor, fixed my tee-shirt, crossed myself -just in case- and headed to the front of the store. Right now getting home would be like being granted sanctuary. But of course my luck just didn't want to cooperate.

Maybe I did the cross wrong.

The guy, who had not less than 30 minutes ago had been fucked against the wall, was checking out a book and leaning against the counter by the register. Bold as you please without a hint of shame. I could feel the blush growing as I tried to hurry pass him, but he caught my eye. He smirked. Like he knew I would be the next one. Blushing harder I practically ran from the store.

By the time I got home my cheeks were a normal color, my lungs were working properly, and my body thankfully was no longer tingling everywhere and hypersensitive. There was only my mom's car in the driveway-- so I thought it would be safe to just call out a hello and hide in my room for the next 30 years or so in shame.

But for some reason my mother, the woman who usually could care less about what I was doing while she was working, called me to the living room. I didn't like the way she asked either.

"Matthew, dear, can you come to the living room please?"

It sounded too.. nice.

I readjusted my glasses on my nose, patted my overly curly hair and hoped it didn't look as bad as it usually did, and went to the living room.

My lungs gave out again, blood rushed to my cheeks, and heat bloomed along with those godforsaken tingles in my belly.

There he was.

Sitting on my living room couch with his mom, smiling with the innocence of an angel; like he hadn't broken public decency laws half an hour earlier. I'm pretty sure I stood there gaping for about a minute before my mom decided to say something.

"Honey, you remember Gavin from next door. You used to go to school together. They moved back into town- they even managed to get their old house!" My mom smiled, seemingly way too happy when she had the devil incarnate in her house, until I remembered that Gavin's mom used to be her best friend for years growing up.

It took awhile to get my lungs working just enough to croak out a quiet, "Hello Mrs. Judekias."

"Oh, Matt dear, it's Ms. Hunt now. I'm a free woman again." Gavin's mom chuckled and I noticed a twitch in Gavin's jaw. I cleared my throat and tried to breathe properly. I bit my lip, thought about praying again when I saw that devious glint in his eye. I awkwardly shifted my weight when I realized the only seat left in the room was next to Gavin. There was no way in hell--

"Matt, sweetie, why don't you sit down? Catch up with Gavin. I remember you two you used to be inseparable as children." I gulped drily and told myself there was nothing he could do in a room with his mother in it. The couch was a normal size, but it didn't seem big enough to have a comfortable space between me and Gavin. I clung to the arm of the couch and kept my head down. Wished I had a book to hide in.

"Hey Matt. How've you been?" His voice was different than in the bookstore. It wasn't as heavy, and didn't make everything sound obscene. Now it was just a low purr that made me shiver slightly. Of course he noticed. "Cold?"

"I'm fine.. um, school is good not too busy but just busy enough that you feel like there's always something to do. The bookstore got an entire new shipment of historical fiction, Mr. Johnson sold his old Mustang you know the cool red one that used to sit on the corner."

Rambling on and on was not one of my best attributes. Gavin rested his arm on the back of the couch, which meant the tips of his fingers were by my collar. Which only made me more nervous and start rambling faster. "All the school dances sucks, you didn't miss out on much, the school book fair is pitiful, all the people at school or either pompous idiots or pompous nerds who always want to be in cliques and don't get me started on the athletics department funding-" His index finger trailed from my hairline to my shirt collar and this time the shiver that seized me was almost violent.

I looked to my mom for help but she and Mrs. Jud- no, Ms. Hunt had their heads together and were talking as if Gavin and I didn't even exist. A pitiful whimper grew in my throat as I realized how screwed I was.

"You have a boyfriend, pup?" The heaviness was creeping back into his voice, making him sound like he was right next to my ear as he spoke. His finger kept moving across my neck and my head was growing fuzzy.

It was just that voice..

"Uh-- um.. what was the question?" I really was pitiful, a fingertip on my neck and five words had me so worked up I couldn't think straight.

His hand moved closer and started playing with my hair. Twirling it around his fingers, burrowing into it to scratch my scalp- which oddly enough made a contented sigh fall from my lips. I didn't have to look at him to know he was smirking at how easily he could play my body like an instrument only he knew how to use.

"Boyfriend. Anyone I need to get rid of." His tugging on my hair got just a bit sharper, sharp enough to make me answer.

"I don't really... people." I shrugged and arched my back slightly when he pulled again biting my lip raw trying to keep silent. Since when did my hair turn in to an erogenous zone? Since when did I have erogenous zones? I'd always considered my sexual interest in anyone nonexistent. My sex appeal at the same level.

One touch from Gavin and it does this?

Gavin's hand stilled in my hair and he was quiet. (Seriously what is it with him the suspenseful silences) I risked a glance at him and found him watching me closely. His eyes were already dark but now they looked black, his pupils blown wide like he was high off something. Soft looking hair was still falling over his forehead and for some reason my hands started itching to push it back so I could see what his face looked like without anything in the way.

"You've never been kissed before have you?"

I had read somewhere there were snakes that hypnotize their prey with their eyes so that when they attacked, the prey was helplessly devoured. Gavin had the same kind of gaze that made you start to question whether you would really mind getting devoured by him.. What the hell am I thinking--

"No." It was quiet but he was close enough to hear. My face grew heated and I wanted nothing more than to run to my room, make it 60 years just to be safe, and hide.. but I couldn't look away.

His eyes kept me exactly where I was, unable to move an inch.

"You've never even been touched before me, have you?" My nipples tightened, suddenly my shirt rubbing against them reminded me of Gavin's calloused fingers.

I just shook my head and promised myself, 60 whole years and I should be able to leave the house without dying of embarrassment.

"Fresh meat, huh pup?" His smile was simply ravenous.

Gavin retreated to his side of the couch and dropped his arm, laughing to himself quietly and I was finally able to look away. Looking around my small perfectly decorated living room, looking anywhere but at him. I'd never dreaded anything more than thinking of what Gavin would do to me in my life- and yet I still felt that weird tingling heat. Worse now, everywhere..

"Matt? Why don't you boys go up to your room and play while Patricia and I see to dinner?"

My mother's words refused to process in my head.

"What?" My brain shut off. I couldn't handle this much stimulation in one day, and my mind just quit.

My mom looked at me curiously and said it again. "Why don't you boys go up and play or talk or occupy yourselves, we'll handle dinner. Didn't I tell you the Hunt's were staying for dinner today?"

"Staying for dinner?" My voice was dangerously approaching whining territory. I knew without a doubt that if I was left alone with Gavin he would do something that would probably traumatize me even more. But before I could start trying to convince my mom that no they could not staying for dinner, Gavin stood up and pulled me with him. Throwing an arm around my shoulder he grinned at my mother- all innocent looking and happy.

"Sure Ms. Roberts. We'll amuse ourselves till you're ready. Take your time, too." I felt like crying realizing I was completely and utterly at his mercy now. Tucked into his side I was forced to acknowledge that yes it was Gavin Hunt's firm body I was pressed up against and that no there wasn't anyway out of what I sure was going to be torture for me. "We have a lot to catch up on anyway."

Gavin guided me up the dark wooden stairs and into the long narrow hallway that led to my room. I found it ironic that pictures of my innocent face lined the hallway when what Gavin was surely going to do was anything but innocent.

It was like walking through heaven only as mocking detour, knowing the devil was leading you straight to hell.

His arm dropped from my shoulder to my waist as soon as our mothers disappeared from view and into the kitchen, their voices fading as we reached the top landing. His lips pressed against my ear and that voice started to work it's devil's magic on me.

"Where's your room pup?" So heavy. His voice felt like a warm body covering mine, and it wasn't all that hard to image that warm body being Gavin's.

I moved my lips but my lungs couldn't work in such close proximity to him.

Gavin didn't like waiting.

His teeth nipped my earlobe lightly, and a warning edge in his voice made me shiver again.

"Don't make me repeat myself." Warm breath on my ear and that voice that was practically dripping sex, there was no way I could've survived.

I pointed at the end of the hall and then we were moving. My entire focus was on Gavin's arm around my waist and his hand that slipped under my shirt to rest almost possessively on my hip. He shoved open my door and looked around the small room designed in neutral beiges and dark browns, a large bed and minimal clutter for someone my age. But he wasn't that interested in my room. When I was pushed backwards and landed on my bed, I realized he had already locked the door and was stalking towards me.

His jacket slipped from his shoulders and he threw it on my desk before placing his hand on my chest and pushing me backwards. All I saw was ceiling until he crawled on top of me, then my whole world was his hands on either side of my head and his smirking face looming over me.

"Have you ever gotten off, pup?" It was just a rough whisper but it had me squirming beneath him anyway. When I shook my head he smiled. Lowered his body until I felt a very large bulge pressing into my crotch. I didn't even try to stop the moan this time. I knew it was useless.

"Do you even understand how turned on you are right now? My cock isn't the only one that's hard."

As he ground his hips against mine I faintly realized he was right. My pants seemed to tight, and my cock (which I'd been happily ignoring till now) was hard as a rock and twitching in need. So this is what it's like to be turned on?... I felt like I was on fire and my ability to focus on anything but the sensations washing over me was shot to hell. Gavin's head moved towards my neck, and I felt his tongue slide across my skin. It felt so dirty.

Slow, wet, sloppy drags all over until he reached a spot just below my ear that set me off.

"Gavin.. please.." Something was.. off. My hips were moving and I could feel my cock leaking in my underwear. Somehow my arms had ended up wrapped around Gavin keeping him close even as I wanted to push him away. My nails were clawing at his back and I only heard him chuckle before he bit down right there-

My vision went hazy for a moment, my entire focus on the sensations radiating throughout my body from that one spot.

Every cell in my body combusted and I was turned into nothing but particles until I felt myself being put back together. I was gasping and heaving in breaths that I couldn't seem to catch, Gavin was watching me with a smugly satisfied smile, and I felt a warm wetness in my pants. Did I just-?

"Did you really just cum before I even got started, pup?" I was already boneless, and Gavin's voice was keeping that warm pleasurable sensation spreading over my body from slipping away. When he sat up and straddled my legs to start unzipping my jeans and pulling down my cum stained underwear- I didn't even object.

It wasn't until he wrapped his large and calloused hand around my over sensitive dick that I started to struggle weakly. My hands gripped the sheets on my bed and I felt Gavin's gaze on me, making me start to feel hot again. Just having him look at me was turning me on..

"Look at me, pup." His voice slithered into my mind and destroyed any will I had to disobey.

When I opened my eyes I noticed my glasses were fogged slightly, Gavin's pants were undone and his hand was around his cock as well, and he was watching me with a look that already made me want cum again. Both of his hands moved in tandem- I tried and failed to keep my eyes from staring at his dick. How the hell does that fit inside anybody? It was long and thick, and already I was trying to figure out how that would fit inside anyone let alone me. Not that I was thinking about him fucking me or anything, yeah let's keep up that denial--

"Don't worry. I'll make it fit." He said as if guessing exactly where my thoughts had been. His head kicked back for a minute and I was hypnotized by the tendons in his throat. My hips bucked into his hand and I whined, how was he doing this to me? Gavin's head lowered and his eyes snapped back to mine, a small smirk tugging on his lips. His hand left my dick to push my tee shirt up over my stomach before wrapping around me again. Once again that unwavering hunger in his gaze made me squirm, enough to make him glance down at me.

"You're looking at me like you want to be fucked, pup. You look like a slut."

Why was it the cruder the worse he spoke, the harder my cock throbbed and the hotter my body became?

Judging from the way his eyes flashed I knew he'd noticed. "Oh.. so you're that kind of freak. You want to be my slut, pup? You want me to fuck you full of my cum, make you walk around with my load running down your legs?" My eyes rolled into the back of my head and this time I think I blacked out, I couldn't handle the pleasure. It hit me like a truck- that voice, his rough hand tugging on my cock, his heated stare locked onto my body..

"I'm going to fuck you up so good, pup.." I heard Gavin's voice faintly before I felt his cum join mine on my exposed stomach. Opening my eyes was a monumental effort, but when I did I was glad I had tried. Gavin after he came was a sight to behold. His chest was heaving and his eyes were hooded- he looked like this was his natural state just completely fucked and triumphant.

Suddenly I wanted to see him naked like this, all of his body on display for my greedy eyes. Gavin recovered sooner than I did. His breath evened out and he smiled that I've got you hooked, you can't get away smile.

"Open your mouth." My lips parted before I even thought about it, the breaths that escaped were more like pants and with my tongue poking out slightly I realized how much of a puppy I must have looked like to Gavin-- and again all I could think was what has he done to me? He took his hand from his cock and pushed his dirty fingers against my tongue.

I should have turned my head. I should have been disgusted and horrified and embarrassed.. but two orgasms seemed to have fried my brain, and Gavin's voice was all I knew.

"Be a good puppy and suck them clean." My eyes closed in pleasure from hearing him and I moaned, using my tongue to lick away every trace of cum on his fingers as a pleasant heat burned in my belly. Not as hot as before but enough to keep everything hazy.

"Eyes on me, pup." Cracking my eyes open I saw Gavin watching my mouth in the same way he'd eyed my belly, right before he came all over it. It made me suck harder on his fingers- just to keep him looking at me like that.

"Good boy." He pulled his fingers away and I pouted at the loss, finding I'd liked the weight of his fingers on my tongue.

But then I started to remember the way his voice had turned to gravel right before he came, my eyes slid closed again and my hand moved to rub his cum into the skin on my belly. In my hazy aroused mind I was trying to get it into me the same way his voice was.

"Please Gavin.." I wasn't even sure what I was asking for but I was getting sleepy from the warmth from having cum twice and Gavin's body heat wrapped around me. Before I was completely unconscious I thought I heard his rough voice saying fuck and I was unreasonably pleased that this time it was because of me.