 iv.

That night, after dinner, Kyle sat on his bunk, looking out onto the empty tier. In the cell next to him, he heard the breathy sound of a man either fucking or getting his cock sucked. He lay down and tried not to think about what would happen if Tyrone won the fight tonight. Kyle would belong to the man who won the duel. Tyrone's words came back to Kyle with the frightening clarity of coming doom - if you was my bitch I would of raped your virgin ass already and made you scream real loud.

JT walked into their cell and picked up a black bag.

"Come on boy," JT said, looking at Kyle. "Game time."

Kyle jumped down from his bunk, looking up at JT, puzzled. 

"We can't leave the cell," Kyle said. "It's almost lights out."

JT took his hand. "You're with me now. Come on. Let's go."

Kyle followed JT past guards who acted like they were both invisible. One guard nodded to JT and asked him how he was doing. No one tried to stop them.

They left the tier, went down old stone steps that smelled of sweat and urine, past the first floor. Kyle counted two flights below the first floor before a big, black iron door blocked their way.

"Where are we?" Kyle said, looking around in the darkness.

"Old part of the prison," JT said, slipping a key from his pocket.

He slid the skeleton key into the ancient looking lock and the door opened with a soft creak that spoke of well oiled hinges. The corridor beyond lay in pitch black darkness.

Kyle hung back, looking into the darkness. JT pulled a powerful flashlight from his black bag and took Kyle's hand again. On the other side, JT locked the big door. Now they stood in near total darkness, except for the narrow beam of the flashlight. The only sound was their breathing and Kyle's wildly beating heart.

"Where are we going JT?"

"You'll see boy."

JT led Kyle through dark corridors, past closed doors, deeper into the musty scent of disuse, until finally, they heard the low murmur of voices up ahead. 

They turned a corner and Kyle saw a giant cell that stood in the middle of a stone floor. Hurricane lanterns hung from top of the cell on iron hooks, casting a shifting yellow glow all around. No one was inside the cell yet. Men crowded around the cell made way for JT and Kyle. Calvin and Terence waited near the cell door.

A blond man who looked as big as one of the original Vikings, came up to JT and clapped him on the back hard enough to send another man sprawling.

"You show him what's what JT. He's made trouble for all of us."

"He won't make no more trouble after tonight, Sven," JT said quietly.

"Good," the blond man said, and walked off, trailing a slender blonde man behind him.

"You ready?" Calvin said, taking JT's bag.

"Yeah," JT said. "Take care of my bitch. Keep him close."

"Don't worry," Calvin said.

JT took the short handled knife Calvin handed him from the black bag, then he slid his t-shirt over his head. His body rippled with solid muscle in the flickering light. 

Calvin pulled Kyle back as JT opened the door to the giant cell and stepped inside.

"Where's Tyrone?" Kyle said.

"He'll be here," Calvin said.

Terence walked through the crowd of men and stood on the other side of Kyle.

"You stay close to us boy, hear?" Calvin said.

Kyle nodded, looking into the cell. Men clung to the outside of the bars, making a living wall around JT. He stood in the center of the cell, holding his knife. The crowd buzzed with excitement.

"Where's the guards?" Kyle said. "It isn't like this on TV."

Terence and Calvin both laughed. "Those games are for show boy. This is the real thing."

Silence went through the crowd in a wave, and a path cleared to let Tyrone through. Two men came were with him. He took off his black t-shirt, staring across the crowd at Kyle. He took a curved knife from the man on his left, then slowly, so that every man there saw what he did, Tyrone blew Kyle a kiss.

Kyle looked at JT standing in the middle of the cell. He'd seen what Tyrone did, but his face showed no sign of anger. The only sign that showed the fury Kyle knew JT must be feeling was a slight tension that made his sculpted muscles stand out even more in the flickering golden light.

Tyrone walked into the cell, followed by the blonde Viking that Kyle had seen earlier. When all three men were in the cell, silence fell.

"Tonight is a dark game," the Viking said in a strong voice that echoed down the dark halls, "to settle a duel between gladiators. The man who frees himself with this key, wins."

The Viking held up a large, black skeleton key. He walked out of the large cell, locked the door with the key, and hung the key beside the lock where it would be easily reached by a man standing on the other side of the bars.

JT and Tyrone circled each other in a low crouch. Both held their knives easily. They were nearly matched in size and strength. JT was only about an inch taller than Tyrone. But he was lithe with hard muscle and graceful on his feet. 

Tyrone didn't move with the same grace and ease as JT. Fear made his movements jittery. His eyes flicked behind JT, distracted by noises from the crowd. JT's eyes never left Tyrone. His face was impassive, smooth, as if he were spectator with nothing to win or lose. 

When JT struck, no one, including Tyrone, expected it. JT's knife came in under Tyrone's extended arm in a rapid swipe. Tyrone jumped back and twisted away, but not before JT's knife left a light flesh wound. The crowd hooted and hollered, cheering them on, yelling the names of both men.

"Next time I catch your bitch alone, I'll fuck him real hard," Tyrone said in a low hiss that JT heard despite the noise of the crowd.

JT ignored Tyrone's words, concentrating on finding weaknesses in Tyrone's defense. Words were for amateurs. JT's knife did all the talking in a fight.

JT came in for another strike, letting Tyrone think he was going for his right flank, but at the last moment, JT twisted back and his knife cut through the tender flesh of Tyrone's belly again. Another flesh wound that stung like hell, but did little harm. The crowd yelled out, calling for more blood. The watching men shook the bars, making an eerie metallic fury that echoed in the darkness.

Tyrone was an amateur. He won in the games because he was matched with men who were stupider than he was. JT won because he knew how to get to a man's weakness. Tyrone's weakness was his bad temper. JT played to Tyrone's weakness, inflicting light, harmless flesh wounds with his razor sharp knife. The crowd hissed and roared with every light wound JT left on Tyrone.

Kyle stood between Calvin and Terence. He grabbed the bars with white knuckles, his face pressed between them, watching JT and Tyrone with unblinking attention. Watching JT's muscles flex and move in the shadowy light made Kyle remember how he'd felt last night and this morning on his knees between JT's legs. Seeing the way JT moved, like a warrior in battle, and knowing that JT was fighting over him, gave Kyle a raging hard on that throbbed and ached in his jeans. Kyle wanted JT. He ached to suck JT's cock and hear him groan in pleasure as he shot hot come down his throat and called him his bitch over and over. The two men circled each other in a slow dance. Tyrone struck out at JT, but JT easily dodged his clumsy swipes. JT weaved back and forth, and from side to side, raking his knife through the air, leaving flesh wounds that stung, but caused no damage. Soon, the constant badgering from JT's knife and the jeering cries of the men in the audience drove Tyrone to do exactly what JT wanted. 

Tyrone lost his temper. He came charging at JT with a loud cry, his knife held high, his eyes wild with rage. JT let him come, then side stepped at the last second, tripping up Tyrone, letting his own weight carry him to the floor. JT was on him in an instant, his strong arm wrapped around Tyrone's throat in a deadly embrace.

Tyrone sputtered and cursed, thrashing wildly, but JT rode his bucking back like a sailor on a stormy sea. The men in the audience went wild, cheering JT on. But when JT showed no signs of letting go of Tyrone's neck to let him breathe, a silent hush fell over the watching men.

In the silence that fell, JT bent low and whispered into Tyrone's ear, "I ever catch you near my bitch again, I'll kill you."

He gave one last squeeze, pushing Tyrone into unconsciousness, then he let him go. Before he got up, JT used his knife to carve his initials just above Tyrone's right shoulder blade. Tyrone would have to someone carve them out or burn the skin to erase it, unless Tyrone wanted to become someone's bitch.

JT wiped his knife on his pants, and went to the cell door, where the key hung waiting for him outside the bars. 

Behind JT Tyrone rose to his feet, like a man rising from a drugged sleep. His eyes focused blearily on JT, and he came after him, gaining speed with all the grace of a charging bull.

JT whirled to face him, his knife up, ready to carve into Tyrone for real this time. 

"You wanna die tonight?" JT said quietly.

Tyrone looked around at the shadowy square, seeking a friendly face. Finding none, he looked back at JT. Tyrone held up both hands in a gesture of surrender and dropped his knife at JT's feet.

"I didn't think so," JT said, and deliberately turned his back on Tyrone. He'd already decided that if Tyrone came at him again, he'd kill him. No more talk.

Tyrone decided to live and JT reached through the bars and got the key that unlocked the cell. Calvin and Terence met him outside the door. They tried to hold Kyle back, but JT signaled to them to let him go. Kyle ran to JT, running his hands quickly over his sweaty body.

"Are you ok?" Kyle said.

"Yeah boy," JT said. "Fucking punk didn't lay a finger on me."

Behind them Tyrone slammed through the open door and made his way through the crowd without a backward glance at JT.

"What about him?" Calvin said, looking at Tyrone's retreating back. "You want us to do anything?"

JT shook his head. "No. Not unless he fucks with us."

Calvin nodded, but he looked at JT with obvious displeasure in his hard eyes.

"Leave him alone," JT said, meeting Calvin's hard eyes. "Don't make trouble where we don't need it."

Calvin held up both hands. "I won't do nothing to his punk ass unless he crosses me."

JT nodded and grabbed Kyle's hand. "Come on boy."

Men made way for JT and Kyle, making a narrow aisle in the crowd for them. JT led Kyle down twisting stone corridors, guiding them with the strong flashlight he'd taken from his black bag. The noise of the men had fallen behind them a long time ago.

"We're not going back upstairs?" Kyle said, peering into the darkness that pressed all around him.

"No baby," JT said, pulling Kyle along. "I'm taking you on a date."

Kyle fell silent, and concentrated on following JT through the twisting darkness. A few times Kyle thought he heard far away screams. He asked JT about it, but he wouldn't answer Kyle. When Kyle thought he could stand no more of following JT's flashlight beam through coal black darkness, JT said, "Stay here."

Kyle panicked when JT let go of his hand and walked on, until he realized that JT wasn't going far. They'd stopped in front of a cell that was three times the size of the cells in the main prison.

JT walked into the cell, taking a lighter from his pocket. Kyle watched while JT went around the cell, lighting fat midnight blue candles that were already there. He could tell from the way wax had melted down the sides of the candles that this room had been used before. It didn't have the same smell of disuse as the rest of the abandoned prison. 

As JT lit candles, Kyle saw red brick walls emerge from the dark shadows. The candles revealed a stained stone floor, and a strangely new mattress on an old prison cot. A wooden table that had been new when this part of the prison was built, stood in one corner. Black handcuffs hung from the iron bars to Kyle's left, just the right height to handcuff someone to the bars, standing up.

JT lay on the wide cot on his side, one leg up, and patted the mattress next to him.

"Come here baby," JT said softly.

Kyle knew he had no choice. There was nowhere to run. Even if he was willing to brave the pitch blackness beyond the candlelight, Kyle would never find his way out of the dark maze. Kyle walked into the cell, and sat stiffly on the mattress beside JT.

"You want me to take off my clothes?" Kyle said, looking down at his hands.

"No boy," JT said, running his big, strong hands over Kyle's slender body. "I'll take them off."

Kyle swallowed back his fear. At least he knew JT wasn't going to just handcuff him to the bars and rape him raw. He would have done that already. Wouldn't he?

Kyle heard JT take off his shirt. He turned to look at his sculpted body in the candlelight. His chest and belly rippled with dark muscle. Sweat clung to him from the gladiator fight. Seeing JT fight over him had made Kyle incredibly hot for him. But Kyle didn't want JT to fuck his ass. Kyle wanted to slip to his knees between JT's strong legs and pleasure his thick cock while JT told him what a bitch he was.

"Come here baby," JT said, pulling Kyle against him. When he felt how stiffly the boy rested against him, he said, "Relax boy. Don't make me hurt you."

JT ran his hands slowly down Kyle's body, sliding up under his t-shirt and caressing his hairless chest.

"You're soft," JT said, sliding his calloused fingers across Kyle's sensitive nipples. "I like my girls to be soft like you."

Kyle slowly relaxed as JT fondled his body, running his big hands down between Kyle's legs, feeling how the boy's cock bulged against his jeans. JT pressed his back up against the wall and opened his legs. He pulled Kyle close, so the boy's head rested on his muscular chest and Kyle's ass pressed up against JT's crotch. 

As JT ran his hands over Kyle's body slowly, he whispered into his ear.

"I ain't had a virgin in a long time." 

JT ran his hands up under Kyle's thin cotton t-shirt again and found his pink nipples and twisted gently. He kissed the side of Kyle's neck softly, his breath hot against his neck.

"Don't fight me," he whispered, while he worked Kyle's nipples. 

Kyle, who wanted nothing more at that moment than to feel JT's thick cock stretching his lips, moaned softly, letting his head fall back against JT's broad chest.

"That's it boy," JT said, licking and kissing Kyle. "You're mine. Give in to it."

When JT slipped Kyle's t-shirt over his head, the boy was glad to be free of the thin cotton. Now he could feel the hardness of JT's muscled chest pressing up against him, skin to skin. Kyle squirmed as JT ran his big hands over his body, down between his legs.

"I'll be good, JT," Kyle whispered. "I won't fight."

"Yeah boy," JT said, rubbing his rough palms against Kyle's nipples. "That's right. Be a good bitch. 'Cause you're getting my cock up your virgin hole tonight. You can get it hard or easy, up to you. Understand?"

"Yeah," Kyle said, lifting his hips as JT's strong hand kneaded his cock through his jeans.

Kyle felt JT unzip his jeans, but he wasn't afraid. He wanted to feel JT's strong hands on his cock. He was desperate for JT to jack him off. JT reached inside the boy's jeans and rubbed his hand against the thin fabric of his briefs, teasing Kyle's hard cock.

"Fuck boy," JT said. "This cock is so hard. You want me to fuck your ass that bad?"

Kyle moved his hips, pressing into JT's hand. "No. I wanna suck your dick," Kyle said, moving rhythmically, wishing JT would close his fist around his throbbing cock. "And feel your come jetting down my throat."

"Take my cock up that virgin hole like a good bitch, and I'll let you come like that," JT said, reaching into Kyle's briefs and taking the boy's throbbing cock into his fist. "I'll let you suck me and jack off." He slid his fist up and down Kyle's hard cock, slick with pre come. "You wanna come on your knees with my hard cock in your mouth, boy?"

"Yeah," Kyle said, pumping his hips in and out of JT's fist.

JT slid his fingers into Kyle's mouth, making the boy lick the sticky pre-come from his fat fingers. Then he slid his hand down Kyle's body, between his legs, to his ass.

"I bet this ass is aching for something good and hard," JT said.

Kyle tensed up the moment he felt JT's big finger at the entrance to his ass.

"Relax bitch," JT said quietly. "Don't piss me off."

JT circled the outside of the trembling boy's hole with his finger, kissing Kyle's neck softly, then he rested his finger against the virgin tightness and let Kyle's writhing ass push onto his finger. JT slid his slick fist slowly up and down Kyle's throbbing cock, while he fingered the boy's hot hole.

"Oh yeah boy," he whispered into Kyle's ear. "This fuck hole's so ready for my dick."

Kyle's grasping ass throbbed around JT's finger as he slid slowly in and out of the boy. Still jacking off Kyle's dick, JT slid another finger into his ass slowly. 

"After tonight, you'll be my girl," JT said into Kyle's ear. 

JT moved his fingers in and out of Kyle's writhing ass while he worked the boy's cock. JT's thick cock was pressed up against the boy's wriggling ass, throbbing wildly. He ached to sink into his new bitch's tight hole.

"This ass is hungry for something bigger, ain't it?" JT said.

JT stroked Kyle's slowly, fingering Kyle's ass, feeling how the boy's cock throbbed in his fist, and how his hot ass grabbed at JT's fingers inside him. When JT felt Kyle jerk against his moving fist and knew the boy was almost ready to shoot, JT let go of Kyle's cock, but kept fingering his ass.

"I'm ready for you bitch," JT said. "My cock's so hard thinking about fucking your virgin ass," JT said, sliding his fingers in and out of Kyle's hungry ass.

Kyle writhed on JT's fingers, trying to get them deeper inside him. He needed to feel something hot and hard up his ass. He needed JT's cock inside him.

"Yeah," Kyle said, moving against JT's hard body. "Please, fuck me. I want your cock in my ass."

"Yeah boy," JT said, slipping his fingers out of the boy and pushing him away. "I'm gonna fuck this virgin hole real good and make you take it like a bitch."

JT rose from the bed and slipped out of his jeans. Kyle sat on the bed, his back against the wall his legs spread, looking at the way JT's hard swollen cock jutted up past his navel. Suddenly Kyle was scared again. JT's cock was so thick.

JT saw fear come over the boy's face. "Get on all fours for me," he said, standing next to the bed, running his hands over Kyle's body. 

Kyle got on his hands and knees, closing his eyes. JT moved Kyle's arms out from under him, so his head rested on the mattress, and his ass stuck up high.

"Spread your legs," JT said, caressing Kyle's trembling ass.

Kyle spread his legs wide, exposing his pink virgin hole to JT's hungry eyes.

"Real nice, bitch," JT said, lubing his swollen cock.

JT grabbed Kyle's hips, felt him tense up. "You best relax bitch, or my dick will tear you in two." 

JT rubbed his hard cock against the entrance to Kyle's hot hole, pressing the head of his cock against Kyle's ass, feeling the heat of his tightness.

"Oh yeah bitch," JT said, easing his cock head into Kyle. "Here I come for your virgin ass."

Kyle gasped in pain as the thick head of JT's dick went into his ass. He bit his lip, trying to stay still, trying not to make JT mad.

JT moaned softly, feeling the way Kyle's sweet ass grabbed his cock head, pulsing around his hard fuck meat. When the head of his cock was all the way inside the boy, he held himself still, fighting to control himself. He'd won Kyle's ass in front of all the prison gladiators. JT ached to plunge deep into Kyle's hot tightness and claim his victory.
