 I lay on my back, spreading my thighs invitingly. Dave moves his head in between them, and slides his mouth over my hard cock. I run my fingers through his short, graying hair as he bobs his mouth up and down my shaft.

"Mmmmm! Feels good! I did just shower right before coming over."

He takes the hint and licks his way down to the base, then licks and sucks on my balls for a few moments, before pushing my legs wider apart and diving his tongue into my ass.

"Oh! Mmmm!"

He continues to heavenly lap at my rosebud as I moan in pleasure. Eventually, he works his way back up to my balls, gives them some attention, then licks up the underside of my shaft, and slides my cock into his mouth once again.

"Mmmmm! I want you inside of me."

He sits up and grabs a couple of pillows. He helps me get them positioned under my waist as I squirt some lube onto my fingers and work it into my tight asshole. I squirt some more, and repeat the process, deeper this time. Then get another squirt and grease up his thick cock with it.

He places his hands on my calves and pushes, spreading my legs further for himself to take advantage of. He slides his thick, slick cock up and down my greasy crack. I move my ass and try to push against his cock at the start of each thrust, greedily wanting to feel him penetrate my eager asshole.

"Guide me in."

I don't need to be told twice. I reach down and grab his thick shaft, manipulating the position so the fat tip presses against my tight asshole. I push out a bit to help him enter. He pushes forward, and the mushroom head spreads my rosebud.

"Mmmmmm!"

He continues to slide his thick shaft in until his waist pushes against my ass cheeks. He slowly rocks out a bit and back in again.

"Ohhhh!"

"How does that feel?"

"Good, but it hurts a bit. Go easy. Fuck! You are so thick."

I slowly relax as he continues to ease his fat cock out and back in. I start pushing my hips and ass towards him, and reach down and grab my ass cheeks to spread them open more. He takes this as a cue that I am ready for more and picks up the pace.

"Damn bud, you have a great ass!"

"Mmmmmm! Thanks! Your cock feels so good!"

"Yeah? You like my thick cock?"

"Mmmm hmm. I love it."

I reach up and caress his hairy chest. I moan and push my ass against him. I relish the feeling of his manly body on top of me, between my thighs. I am so vulnerable.

"Mmmmmm! Fuck! You fuck me so-o-o good Daddy!"

"You like me fucking you?"

"Oh fuck! I love it! Fuck me Daddy!"

"You like being my little slut?"

"Mmmm! Yes Daddy!"

He picks up the pace of his thrusts, as I push against him and change my angles and spread as wide as I can, needing to get as much of him inside of me as possible.

"Oh! Yeah! You like my ass Daddy? You like fucking me?"

"Fuck yeah bud! I love fucking your ass!"

"Mmmmmm! Yeah! Fuck me! God yes! Harder Daddy!"

He adjusts his position a little and starts pistoning his shaft into me, hard and fast, his body smashing into mine at the end of each thrust.

"Oh! Yeah! Fuck! Yeah! Pound my ass Daddy! God, ye-e-es! Fuck me hard!"

I am writhing in ecstasy as he continues to drive his thick cock deep inside of me, over and over.

"Oh! Fuck! Yeah! God damn! Yes! You're gonna make me cum Daddy!"

"Oh yeah! You cum!"

"Mmm! Fuck! Yeah! I want your cum Daddy! I want your cum inside me!"

"You want me to cum in your ass you little slut?"

"Yes please Daddy!"

He lets go of my legs and leans forward. His hairy stomach presses into my hard cock. He kisses my neck as he continues to furiously thrust his hard cock into my eager asshole.

"Oh. God. Yes. Daddy!"

I can feel my orgasm building.

"Oh! Mmm! Fuck! Ai! I'm gonna cum Daddy! Ai! Ai! Oh God!"

He moves his head up and our lips meet. He's grunting and I'm moaning as our tongues intertwine. Everything feels amazing. My body tenses and then shudders as I blast a streamer of cum between our torsos. I am squealing through our kiss, writhing in pleasure. My asshole is convulsing on his thick shaft as I continue to spray cum.

He is moaning and grunting through our locked lips, still stroking his cock in and out. He thrusts hard and deep, and with a loud exclamation, I feel his cock quiver and the warmth of his seed erupting deep inside me. This causes my orgasm to continue. With every squeeze of my tight asshole around his thick cock, I feel it twitch and more warmth deep in my slutty fuckhole.

The rapture finally dissipates, and I feel his cock softening. He strokes slowly a few more times before pulling out and rolling onto the bed beside me, spent.