 I always considered myself straight. I had jerked off to the odd gay porn film, but really because it was a taboo I think.

One thing changed all this, though. Well, in theory. As described in my first story, I had joined my college's hiking club in an effort to improve my fitness after a sports injury. I was doing some more gentle exercise - swimming and walking. Anyway, as you can read in that story, I ended up fucking a delicious little gay guy who I was sharing a tent with. I'd been horny as hell, and in the dark of the great outdoors at night I had given in to the soft touch of Alex's advances. He had sucked my cock, and I'd loved it. He had then got me to blow him back, which I did, and it turned me on. I then put him on all fours and stuck my rock hard penis into his tight little asshole, fucking him until I came. The next morning he had wrapped his lips around my erection one last time.

Anyway, we didn't mention it again. In fact, we didn't see each other, as we didn't mix in the same circles at college. I didn't have his number, so had to content myself with waiting until the next mountain hike. I still dug chicks, and loved nothing more than a wet pussy. I also didn't find guys attractive - the smell, touch and allure of a girl remained. Men just didn't do it for me really.

But what did attract me was the naughtiness of it all. The taboo, the secret, the fact that I was sticking my cock in guy's ass, which I shouldn't as a straight man. So I went back to chasing women, and thought I would let the deal with Alex run its course if it did.

In the meantime, I got back into my swimming. I had joined the college gym, and went about twice a week. So one cold Fall afternoon I headed down there. It was freezing outside, the leaves on the ground, and rain coming down lightly. The pool was, in contrast, so warm and nice. Being 8pm it was mostly empty. I headed into the changing rooms.

There was another guy in there. He was about 20, and toweling off. He was naked, of course. I ignored him and turned my back. Stripping off, I got down to my boxers. Suddenly I was turned on - if I slipped these down, I would be completely naked in front of him!

So I did, exposing my butt, and taking quite a while packing my stuff into the locker without anything to cover me. I wasn't sure if he was looking though. A thought came into my mind: if I turned around, my cock would be exposed. I felt a surge in my chest at the risky nature of it. Then I thought, well, it's a men's changing room, and he's naked, so what is the big deal?

I turned, my semi erect penis dangling around. I didn't make eye contact, but just stood there. He saw, but turned away and got on with his day. I put on my swimming gear, still turned on from the exhibitionism, and walked to the pool. There were a few swimmers in the lanes, and I joined them. I did about half and hour then jumped out and headed to the steam room.

I opened the door, and the rush of hot moisture rushed out. I was in there alone, and sat for five or so minutes. I then got up, opened the door, and walked next door to the sauna. This was not empty.

There was one guy sat on the opposite end. He was completely naked. Wow! I know they do that in Europe, but over here it's a little odd. Still, you can get away with it. So I thought Oh, here is another chance to have some fun. Perching on one of the benches, I put my towel on the side. It was hot, and I was sweating.

"You don't mind if I take my gear off do you?"

"Course not buddy. As you can see I already have," he chuckled.

With his attention grabbed, I slipped out of my stuff and sat there, my cock sitting limply. Not much happened, so I put my hand down and touched my cock. He didn't move. I started to gently stroke, and instantly got hard. My penis was really firming up quickly, and so moved my hand away.

Not sure how he would react, I closed my eyes and let my penis stand to attention, pulsating with all the blood rushing to it.

"You seem kinda excited" I heard. I opened my eyes. He was staring at me. It was dark in the room, and hard to make anything out, but I could see that his hand was now on his penis, gently massaging it.

"I might be," I said, feeling light headed from the buzzing excitement of it all.

"Maybe you could do with a hand?" he said.

"Is that an offer?"

He just looked at me and grinned. I wasn't sure if he was gay or not, but he was certainly up for some action. He stood up, his cock now fully erect, and walked over. He straddled me, his cock right in front pointing toward my face, then leaned down and kissed me. I returned the compliment, our tongues swirling together.

Then, slowly, he lowered himself to the next level and kissed the head of my penis. His hands reached up and gently caressed my torso, before slipping down to my thighs and continuing to rub. All the while he was planting little kisses on my little head.

His tongue licked my shaft, slowly running downwards. He then licked both my balls, kissing them sloppily.

"This is a little risky isn't it? Anyone could walk in..." he said with a mischievous grin.

I smiled and gripped his hair, putting it down again onto my penis. He swallowed it completely this time, going up and did with tight lips. I was building up already. God this was hot! I was in public being sucked off by another guy. How taboo...

"Oh, I'm cumming!" I managed, suddenly showering his mouth with my semen. I heard him gargling it down. I reached a high, and crashed down again in a content fashion. To my surprise, he stood up, grabbed his stuff, and walked out. Nothing more!

So I sat for a few more minutes, thinking it over. What the fuck had just happened?! Anyway, the heat was overpowering by now, so I hit the showers.

In my addled state, I completely forget that I was naked. I walked down the corridor and a woman saw me. Shit! I thought. But she just giggled as she passed. I darted into the showers and thought how close that was.

The showers were communal, and there was another guy there. He looked gay, I thought, just by the way he was. He turned to look at me and smiled, before looking down and smiling even more. The incident with the woman had got me going again, and I was hard as a rock!

"Looks like that guy didn't finish you off," the man said. What the fuck?!

"Excuse me?" I said.

"I saw you. In the sauna. Your eyes were closed, and he was a little busy obviously. But I was about to come in when I saw you guys, and left you to it. Well, I must say, I didn't go right away..."

What the hell was he saying? Some guy had watched me being blown? This was just too fantastic. Before this I had one night of experimenting, and now I was being solicited by two gays in the same pool session? I guess guys really are obsessed with sex.

"Er, thanks. Glad you like the show."

"Still, it was a little naughty. I could report you for that, and you'd be kicked out."

What a bastard!

"Hey, don't do that!"

"Hmm, well then, what are you gonna do for me?" he asked. His cute lips curled into a wicked smile as he eyed my penis again. He was slim, with an average sized dick. I hadn't seen his ass yet, but was curious about it.

"Are you blackmailing me?"

"Listen, you fuck me, now, and I won't say anything." I couldn't believe this guy, I really should have been offended. But if truth be told, I was turned on. My penis was now rock hard, swaying as it faced him. So I walked up to him and grabbed his. He let out a shocked sigh. I massaged his penis, his balls - everything. I felt him swell in my palms, his warm cock reacting to me.

Then he turned around.

"Fuck me in the ass!" he commanded. He had a delicious looking bubble butt, firm yet soft. Just like Alex... So I stuck a finger in immediately. I stuck two in, wiggling around. He was obviously a pro, because his asshole opened right up. In fact, I wasn't going to need lube. I positioned my penis against it, and slipped inside of him.

"Oh, sailor!" he exclaimed. He moaned, loudly. The only other sound was the shower which kept running, stifling his noise. I slipped right into him, then almost out, in and out, in and out. I reached around for his penis, grabbing the hard, warm cock and jerking it. I kept going and going for around 5 minutes.

That's when his moans got louder and higher pitched, and his body suddenly tensed up, and I felt his hot cum spray out, all over the wall and dribbling down my hands.

He turned around and I slipped out.

"Do you want to finish?" he said.

"Yeah!" What the fuck did he think? He then walked out, his cute little butt swaying as he minced into the changing rooms. I followed him. It was empty.

"Dry off" he commanded. Confused, I did. So did he. Soon I was dry, and hornier than ever. I needed to finish. He came over and pushed me onto one of the wooden benches.

He then sat on top of me, reaching behind and slipping my penis back into his ass. I put my hands on his butt, and squeezed. He was wrapped around me intimately, his damp body rubbing against mind. I kissed his stomach and licked his belly. He started to moan again, and his dick firmed up, jutting into my chest. I was nearly there.

I felt the orgasm building.

"This is it!" I gasped. He jumped off me and down, jerking my cock with his right hand. His left squeezed my testicles. I came all over his gay little face.

I panted and he chuckled.

"Thanks for that," I said eventually, getting up and going to my locker. He went and wiped his face.

"Oh, my pleasure girlfriend," he responded. As I was getting my stuff out I felt him slap my ass. I got dressed and walked out. God I was starting to enjoy cock!