 This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance between the real world or anyone else's story is just coincidence. 

Breaking Point

He had a plan. It was cowardly. He knew that it was, but she was so forceful and oh so hot. 

...

Over the phone.

"Rob, this is Tim. Do you have a minute?"

"Sure, Tim. For you, no problem. What's up?"

"I need to ask a huge favor. I've had it with Cheryl. That mouth of hers and her drinking. I'm done with it." Tim said.

"I understand. She can be abrasive at times." Rob tried to soft spin it.

Tim laughed out loud. "That's putting it mildly. She is rude and hurtful. I can't believe the shit that she says. Add in a little alcohol and she has the nastiest mouth I've ever heard. We had dinner with my sister and her husband last weekend. She insulted both of them and laughed about it. Sis walked out crying. That's it, man. I'm done."

"I've known her a long time. She has gotten worse lately, drinking more and more abusive. I think her career is suffering from it. Do you want me to talk to her?" Rob asked.

"No." Tim answered. "I don't know how you stay her friend. She says terrible things about you and your lifestyle. Then she laughs. She ridicules everything and everybody. She blurts out things without thinking. She thinks she's so funny. I cringe when she starts up."

"So, what do you want me to do, buddy. Anything you want." Rob said. 

Tim's desperation was showing in his voice. "Cheryl is out of town until Monday. I need you to go to her place with me. I'm going to get my things with you as a witness. Then I'm giving you my key to give to her."

"Wow." Rob said. "Are you going to talk to her?"

"Oh, yes. I'm not going to text dump her. I'll say my piece. I just can't take any more of her verbal abuse. You shouldn't either, in my opinion." Tim said. "She's really hard on you about gay sex and stuff. I bet you don't take boyfriends around her."

"She's always gotten away with it because she's so hot. Hell, I enjoy looking at her." Rob hesitated, then. "Tim, I hope you and I can stay friends. I haven't socialized much lately. You and Cheryl have been my only friends."

"Damn, dude. That's sad." Tim said and started laughing.

Rob laughed too. "Saturday good for you?"

"Sounds good." Tim said. "I'll give you a call."

...

Tim picked up Rob at his apartment, Saturday morning. They were quiet until they got near Cheryl's place.

"I'm nervous about this, a little upset too." Tim said, driving slowly.

"We can talk about it. She's out of town. We can take as much time as you like." Rob tried to be supportive.

"If she ever kept any food around, we could raid her fridge." Tim said smiling.

"We can drink her booze." Rob said. That got a chuckle out of Tim.

"I've got a couple of bottles at her place. We can work on those after this is done."

"Damn, Tim. It sounds like we're going to knock her off."

"Hey, that's an idea." Tim said to the biggest laugh of the morning. After that they were silent until they were in the woman's apartment. Tim had brought a laundry basket filled with Cheryl's things from his place. That and a few hanging items of clothing were all she had left there. They never considered moving in together.

Tim dumped the contents of the basket on the bed. Rob hung the clothes, then straightened the items on the bed. He didn't like the way they looked just dumped in a pile. Tim filled the basket from his drawer in her bedroom. He had a couple of shirts and a pair of slacks hanging. He placed them beside the door. In the kitchen, he gathered his cooking knives, two bottles of liquor from under the sink and his coffee cups. Rob sat on the sofa and watched Tim sort out a few DVD's and CD's and drop them in the basket.

"That's my Blu-ray player, but I have a better one at my place. She can have that one." Tim said. He got a little overwhelmed and sat down for a few minutes. "I hate that I wasted this time with her. We could have been great if she wasn't such an asshole."

"You know she has said some pretty nasty things in mixed company, foul language in front of kids and such." Rob said. "She has said some disgusting things about sex and relationships. She can't be trusted with a secret either."

"Oh, I know. If we got wild in bed, she had to tell everyone. She told her mother that I licked her ass." Tim said, embarrassed.

"Well, good for you." Rob said.

"Good I'm dumping her or good that I licked her ass?" Tim asked.

Rob blushed and laughed. "Both, I guess. She talked to me several times about us having a threesome."

"Oh, I know that too. She pitched it to me. I knew she would tell everybody and then ridicule you and I afterward. Can you imagine the abuse she would dish out if you and I played together?"

"Oh, God. Perish the thought." Rob said. "Is that all that stopped you?"

"That's the biggest part of it. You are a great guy and nice looking. I could have seen it happen. But not with that bitch. Sorry." Tim said.

Tim finished his mission in somber silence. He carefully went through the apartment. He finished by deleting some pictures and videos from her computer. Rob didn't ask questions. He just watched and tried to think of things to say. He drew a blank. He thought of how Tim didn't react negatively to the idea of have a threesome with Cheryl and him.

"I think that's all of it. Nothing else of importance. You mind lending a hand, Robbie?"

"Not at all. What are your plans for the rest of the day?"

"I'm thinking about a good lunch and then that bottle of Four Roses." Tim said.

"Sounds good. How about that Mexican joint we like then watch the game at my place?" Rob asked.

"What game?" Tim asked.

"I don't know. There's always some kind of game on." Rob said and blushed. He felt like he had just been caught trying to act straight.

"Yeah. It doesn't matter. I've got a bottle of Scotch if the bourbon isn't enough."

...

Tim felt as if part of a heavy load had been lifted from his shoulders. Dealing with the properties was a step that would not have been easy if he broke up with his girlfriend first. He didn't feel as cowardly as couscous. Beside being a horrible person, Cheryl had a nasty temper.

"You need to relax your mind and try and think of anything else you need to take to or from her place." Rob said. They were having a nice lunch and conversation at a restaurant they liked.

"I had a mental list. I never took anything over there that I couldn't lose. I always knew she was volatile. Besides, with a body like that, she could run off with some celebrity at any time. She's always around models and I'm just an engineer." Tim said. 

"You'll bounce back fast. You are a handsome dude. Girls look at you all the time. A few guys too." Rob said with a blush.

"I'll deal with her next week and put it behind me. At least she doesn't care enough to stalk me."

"I have to say, Tim, she wanted it to work with you. She just didn't know how."

...

"If I get too drunk to drive, can I crash here?" Tim asked.

"Of course. You are welcome, always. I'm drinking too, so we aren't going anywhere that we can't walk to. I've got snacks and hundreds of channels of crap to stare at." Rob said.

The two men were casual friends but liked each other. Friends of a common friend became friends by necessity then by choice. They spent the afternoon talking about everything. They would occasionally touch base on the Cheryl situation. Drinks flowed slowly but by nightfall, they were being felt. The audio for a baseball game they didn't care about was turned down so they could talk.

"Tim, I've been wanting to talk to you about something all day. I hope you don't mind." Rob braved himself.

"Anything, man. You can ask me anything." Tim said. He felt that Rob was going to breach the subject of sex. He was right.

"This morning, you said that you would have been open to a threesome with me and Cheryl, but she was the problem."

"You know how she is. She would tell everyone and worse, she would ridicule anything that you and I did together. She would call us queer and homo. I don't know why you take it from her." Tim said.

"Well, you are giving me cause to think about it." Rob said. "You don't think that you are bisexual then?"

"No, not really. I used to be curious. Then a bisexual friend and I did some things and it wasn't the thrill that I thought it would be." Tim admitted.

"No shit! Our little Timmy had a big old dick in his pretty little mouth." Rob said doing an imitation of Cheryl. The he burst out laughing.

Tim couldn't help but laugh. "See there, fucker. You've been around her too much."

"Sorry, I couldn't resist the set-up." Rob chuckled some more. "She told me that. No secret is safe with her. You know she had to tell me. That's what got her started on the three-way idea. She thought you would try it."

"She's one of these women that likes to watch gay porn. It turns her on. I don't know why she puts gays down so much." Tim said feeling his drinks. "If I got really turned on, I could play with a hot guy. The sex doesn't gross me out or anything. It's just that man-butt isn't that hot to me."

"God, it is to me." Rob said smiling. 

"In a hot threesome the girl could turn me on enough to pleasure the other guy." Tim said.

"Fuck! Hand me the phone book. I'll fine us a girl somewhere." Rob said.

"Cheryl is a mean drunk. You are a silly drunk." Tim said and killed the rest of his drink. "You, my friend, could make me want to try it again."

"If I put on some porn, do you think it might be enough?" Rob asked. "I've wanted to go down on you for a long time."

"I don't know. I got nervous as soon as you said it." Tim said. "Let me freshen my drink. No gay porn, OK? Straight or bi is what I like. I have to see some tits."

"The TG girls have tits." Rob said. He thought needling Tim a little would put him at ease.

It had the opposite effect. Tim was having second thoughts. "I've got some gym shorts in my car. I'm going to go get them to sleep in."

"Don't get scared and run away, Tim. You are too drunk to drive."

"I'm not leaving. I'm not scared of you, funny boy." Tim said and headed for the door.

"Who are you calling 'funny boy'? Funny queer or funny ha-ha?" Rob asked.

"Silly ass. Take it like you like." Tim said.

...

The guys freshened themselves and their drinks. They sat on the sofa in gym shorts in front of Rob's TV.

"Is this the way most guys get things started?" Tim asked.

Rob was embarrassed but thought for a minute. "I think so. At least with straight guys. Get turned on with some porn then see where it goes."

"That's what my friend did with me. We watched some videos. I told him I never did anything but was interested. The next thing I knew, his dick was out. I had my chance and I tried it. I would have enjoyed it more if he hadn't gotten all weird about it." Tim explained.

"That's usually the case. Men are aggressive. They also want it just a certain way. I try to be more flexible." Rob said.

"I can see where some flexibility might come in handy." Tim said snickering.

"Now who is being the silly ass?" Rob asked.

Rob had selected some romantic porn that was well photographed. Some straight scenes preceded a bisexual scene that was very well made. Tim rubbed his cock lightly through his shorts. On the screen a beautiful girl reclined into the arms of a handsome young man. Another young stud was slowly drilling her pussy with his huge cock.

"You picked some good stuff." Tim said. "I want to tell you something, Robbie. One of the reasons that I'm dumping Cheryl is because I wanted to try it with you. I resented that her attitude and personality was stopping the threesome she wanted."

"That shouldn't be a factor." Rob said. "I've wanted to play with you too, but not with her."

"I know you and she have had sex. It never made me mad. It's hot that a girl could turn on a gay man." Tim said. He reached over and squeezed the bulge in Rob's shorts.

"Are you sure that you want to do that?" Rob asked.

"Yes."

Rob pulled down the front of his shorts and guided Tim's hand back onto his naked cock. Tim squeezed and slowly stroked it to rock hard. Without saying anything, Tim leaned over and tenuously took the head of it in his mouth. He mouthed the slick cockhead and gripped the shaft with his hand. Rob rolled his head back and moaned. "Don't pull on it too hard, Tim."

Tim looked up. "I'm sorry. Did it hurt?"

"No. It feels great. Sucking and pulling hard will me cum too quick. I want this to last." Rob said and chuckled.

Tim resumed pleasuring his friend. He marveled at the slick glans in contrast with the rougher skin. He let the cock slip out of his mouth and kissed Rob on the belly. Tim stood up and dropped his shorts. He turned to Rob and held his hard cock out for him. Rob took Tim's cock in his mouth and savored the experience. He had dreamed of the chance to blow Cheryl's hot boyfriend. He cupped Tim's balls in his hand. Tim relaxed and began thrusting his thick circumcised dick in and out of Rob's wet mouth in short strokes. Rob caught Tim's hips in his hands and helped match the sucking speed with the thrusting. Then he caught Tim's load of semen in his mouth. Thin watery fluid carried firm globs of white cum. Rob swished it in his mouth the swallowed. 

Rob stood and placed his hands on Tim's shoulders. "See, I told you. Too much fun and you cum to fast." Rob leaned to kiss Tim.

Tim accepted the kiss but was reluctant. "I don't know about kissing guys."

"Just relax. You will get used to it." Rob kissed him again. This time with more passion.

Tim seemed to break past a point at which he began to enjoy the feeling of tongue against tongue. He tasted his own cum in Rib's mouth. Tim reached down and felt Rob's cock was still fully hard. "I want to finish you, Robbie."

"I have a better idea." Rob said. He guided Tim to his knees on the sofa. He rubbed Tim's firm ass. Rob retrieved a condom and some lube from the end table. He rolled the condom down the shaft of his hard cock. "Cheryl told me that you liked her fucking you with a dildo."

"I've never had a real cock in me. That's virgin ass." Tim said.

"I'm honored, sir." Rob lubed Tim's ass and pressed his cock into his hole. Tim relaxed his ass and easily took all of Rob's hard dick all the way in. "Well, not so virgin I think." Rob began to fuck Tim's ass. "You must have a big toy or two stashed somewhere." Rob began to pound Tim's ass harder.

"Yeah, I love it. Oh, God that's good. Fuck me, Robbie. Fuck me hard. Yes." Tim said groaning. Cold chills ran up his back. For years, he had dreamed of finding a friend with a big cock to take his ass for the first time. He had seen the bulge in Rob's swim trunks. Now finally he had a real meat in him. This was no plastic toy. He wasn't squatting on a wine bottle. He had a hard, warm living dick invading his rectum and jostling his prostate. If he hadn't just cum in Rob's hot mouth, he was sure that the globs of semen would be dripping out of his cock.

Rob paced himself and pounded Tim until he felt the time was right. He had wanted to fuck Tim since he met him. Yes, he like man-butt and Tim's was nice. Rob pounded him quicker and then filled the condom with his full load. He pulled out and slipped the rubber off. "Not bad, for a virgin."

"I just never had the real thing. I've been playing with my ass for years. Thanks for doing me. It was even better than I imagined." Tim said.

"So, Cheryl was standing in the way of this?! Fuck that bitch. I'm going to dump her too!"

...