 It fun being a bi-sexual guy.  I love sex with a woman, but there is, at least for me, something about being with another guy. 

Yesterday I was looking at some porn on the computer.  Pictures of women, usually in playboy type of posses are my favorite.  I like the hardcore stuff also, but prefer the more mild type of picture.  It's funny, but when I start to jerkoff to pics of women, I start to get horned up for a cock...and that is what happened yesterday.

I figured I would take a ride to an adult bookstore in the area here in South Jersey.  I've been there a few times, and it's usually hit or miss.  There have been there many times when it's just a few older guys, who aren't my type.  Those are the days I either take care of myself in booth, or just leave disappointed.  I walked to the video booth area in the back, and see a black guy in a booth with his door partially open.  At first I walk by, giving my eyes a few seconds to adjust to the darkness.  I walk back and look in on the black guy and could tell he was stroking his cock, but it was dark, and he had dark skin, so I couldn't tell how big his cock was.  He motioned for me to come in.  I went in and found out how big he was!  He was already hard and ready to go.  His cock was real nice, probably around 8 inches or so, and thick.  He was watching a gay video, which I wasn't really interested in, but I wasn't here for the movie.  I starting stroking his cock, and then pulled out my cock, which was already hard.

His cock felt great in my hands as I stroked it for a few minutes.  I pulled my shorts down a little more to make it easier to squat down so I could take his dick in my mouth, which tasted great!  I slowly started going up and down on his cock making it nice and wet.  Then, I started working my hand up and down on his shaft in time with my mouth.  I used my other hand and switched from my own cock to his balls.  I could tell by his breathing that he was enjoying it.  After a few minutes my knees started to get a little sore, but I didn't want to stop sucking that big dick.  I could tell he really liked the way I was sucking and stroking because he starting to moan a bit, and I could tell he was getting close.  He then told me he was close to cumming, so I sucked and stroked his cock a little faster.  He also started to move his hips to fuck my mouth.  Then came that final grunt and I felt 2 or 3 nice spurts of cum shoot in my mouth.  I swallowed it all, and loved it.  Some guys pull away after they cum because there cock gets really sensitive, I know I am like that, but not this guy.  I kept sucking what was left out of his cock, and would give a few strokes to get all the cum out.  He finally started to get soft, but I still had to keep that cock in my mouth for a few more seconds before I stopped.   His cock even looked great when soft.

I savored the taste of his cum for a few seconds, got up and jerked my own dick for a bit while looking at this guy's big dick.  He didn't even touch my cock once, which really turns me on.  I love to get sucked and jerked off like any other guy, but this was one of those times where I got off by getting him off.  I didn't need him to touch me.  I just needed him to fuck my mouth.

I pulled my shorts up and left the booth.  I stayed around for a few more minutes hoping another guy would come in, but there wasn't anyone else I was interested in.  I won't just suck any guys cock.  I can be a little picky.  So I just went home and shot a nice load.

Again, I love women, but I also love sucking a nice dick.   Guys at the bookstore either want to suck or get sucked, and I love taking an anonymous load every now and then.  I've also been fucked a few times, and could tell those stories if anyone is interested.  Its fun being bi, because there is always a guy somewhere who wants to get off, and hopefully I am there to help!