 "I want you to fuck me," I said softly as I pressed my body against his. I slid my hand down the front of his pants and grabbed his already stiff dick. My heart raced and adrenalin coursed through my veins. I couldn't believe what I was doing but it felt good and freeing. I had never been with a man sexually before but I had often fantasized about it. My lips brushed across his earlobe and a deep low moan spilled from his sexy lips.

"Does she want to watch?" He asked as he gestured towards my wife. Her pretty green eyes were glazed with lust and a mischievous smile danced on her full lips. She had been the one to open my eyes to my bicuriosity and the thought of watching me with another man was incredible arousing to her.

"She wants to but I will do whatever you want," I purred. I was wild with lust and I had already let go of all of my inhibitions. My right hand squeezed his cock hard and I shamelessly ground my hips against him in full view of the other club patrons. My tongue traced the outline of his ear and my left hand slipped under his shirt. His broad muscular chest was shaved smooth and it felt good under my fingertips.

"She can watch," he moaned quietly, "but she had to stay dressed." He had a surprisingly masculine voice for an openly gay man but his insistence that my wife stay clothed made it clear that he had no desire to see a woman's body.

"Thank you," I said softly. I pressed my lips against his and kissed him tenderly. I had never been into kissing a guy but in the heat of the moment it seemed and felt like the right thing to do. His lips were surprisingly supple and my mouth opened of its own accord. His tongue dipped into my mouth and grazed across my teeth before sliding wetly along mine. I closed my eyes and enjoyed his warm mouth as I discretely stroked his cock inside his pants. I could tell without seeing it that he had a nice package and I ached to wrap my lips around it.

"Where do you want to do it?" He grinned as he looked deep into my eyes. His smoldering dark eyes held mine and a powerful shudder passed through my eager body.

"I'd let you fuck me here," I chuckled, "but we'd wind up in jail. We have a hotel room up the block."

"Great," he replied eagerly as he separated from my embrace and took my hand in his. He was a few inches shorter than I but his compact body was very thick and extremely powerful. I glanced at my wife and smiled. Her eyes were transfixed on me but her attention was divided between us and a fairly attractive and very butch woman who was seated across from her. Ordinarily she would have given her full attention to an interested woman but on that night she had other plans. I saw them exchange numbers as my new friend led me toward the door.

My heart raced as I walked hand in hand with another man down the dimly lit street. There were few other people on the sidewalk and I was several hundred miles from my home which gave me a sense of freedom I would not have felt otherwise. 

I heard the clack of my wife's heals behind us as we neared the entrance to the hotel and felt a wicked thrill knowing that she was watching a scene that she had orchestrated. Going to the gay bar had been her idea and she had convinced me to approach my new friend. His name was Barry and he was about ten years my junior. He lived locally and had recently ended a long term relationship and was just looking for a no strings attached night of fun. He had never been with a woman which seemed to make him even more intriguing to me.

We stepped into the elevator and I pressed the button for the sixth floor as my wife slipped silently to the corner. I could tell by her breathing that she was very excited and knowing that sent a surge of blood to my already erect dick.

The doors closed and he pinned me against the mirrored wall. He looked at my wife and flashed her a confident smile as he groped my hard cock through my pants. He pressed his lips against mine and plunged his long tongue aggressively into my hungry mouth as he rubbed and squeezed my dick. 

I felt warm. My body was on fire and my head was spinning. I felt myself losing control. I was consumed with raw lust. At the bar I had been the aggressor but he had taken complete control and I liked it. I moaned openly into his searing hot mouth as goosebumps covered my body.

The chime of the car snapped me out of my lust fueled haze and he stepped out of the lift pulling me by the hand. My wife scurried ahead of us and unlocked the door to our room. We stumbled inside and he pawed at my clothes discarding them as he led me to the bed. 

I pulled his tight shirt over his head exposing his smooth, tan chest to my hungry eyes. My hands moved to his firm pecs and I teased his nipples briefly before unfastening his pants and dropping them to the floor. My eyes fell to the prominent bulge in his@ tight bikini briefs and my mouth began to water. I leaned in close, the fresh musky scent of his body filling my lungs as I pressed my lips to his cloth covered cock. A low moan emanated from deep in my belly. I was incredibly excited. My body was shaking.

"Go on," he said with a smile. His big hands ran through my thick hair and coaxed me closer as I hooked my fingers into his underwear and freed his hard cock. It was breathtaking and I stared intently at it. My mouth watered profusely and my tongue slithered wetly up the underside of his shaft. His flesh was salty with sweat and I liked it.

My mouth opened wide when I reached the tip and I eagerly slid him inside me tasting the briny flavor of his precum. He tasted similar to me but different too. He was slightly acidic, but in a good way and I felt a rush of blood to my rigid cock at the realization that I was finally sucking a real dick.

His hands ran through my thick brown hair and he looked down at me with a warm yet hungry gaze.

My head bobbed slowly taking him deeper with each stroke until his pubes touched my nose and then I held him balls deep. Tears streamed down my cheeks and I gagged slightly on his fat, throbbing dick. I savored the feel and taste of his cock and I ached to experience his release.

"Not yet Sugar," he said in a slight southern drawl that I hadn't noticed before. He pushed me away from his glistening cock and moved me to the bed. He positioned me on my back and grabbed a small tube of lubricant from his pocket. "I never go out without it." He smiled and a lump formed in my throat. He was a good looking guy with chiseled features and full lips. 

I held my breath and tried to relax as I watched him lube his big, delicious cock. He squirted some lube on my ass and pushed two fingers inside me making my dick stir. He grabbed it with his free hand and squeezed it hard making me moan wantonly.

"Your nice and tight," he praised and I felt a sense of pride. "Have you ever had anything inside you before?"

I looked at my wife and flashed her a warm smile. "Yeah, she likes fucking me with her strap on." Her pretty eyes sparkled and a mischievous grin danced on her full lips.

He squealed with delight and rubbed the smooth, slippery tip of his cut cock across my sensitive yet eager sphincter and a low growl spilled from my mouth. I looked up at him and silently pleaded for him to fuck me hard. My hand instinctively grabbed my aching prick and I stroked it methodically as he slowly fed the length of his sizable dick into my ass. It hurt a little but the pain was vastly overshadowed by the pleasure of being filled with warm hard cock. It felt so much better than the cold, impersonal shaft of my wife's girl cock and my body shook with pleasure.

"Fuck me hard lover," I panted as he slowly pulled his hips back. He grabbed my legs and started to thrust. His cock had a slight upward curve that hit all of the right spots and a steady stream of precum oozed from my dick making my hand glide effortlessly up it.

He flashed me a killer smile and pounded my ass like a jackhammer. I grunted with each powerful thrust of his beautiful cock and my legs felt weak as I felt the early signs of my orgasm building deep inside my belly. The sensation, though familiar was in a place I had never felt before and my body quaked as I came hard. Cum boiled from my dick and spilled onto my balls but it stayed fully erect and I continued to stroke myself as he fucked me. 

The sound of slapping flesh filled the room and the sweet aroma of sex hung heavy in the air. He rolled me onto my front and lifted my ass up as he sank balls deep inside me. He pummelled my ass from behind and I chewed on the pillow as another prostate orgasm rocked my world.

"I'm close," he panted loudly. I looked back at him over my shoulder. Sweat dripped from his face onto my ass and his dark, wavy hair was soaked.

"I want to taste it," I said urgently. He pulled out of my gaping ass and I scrambled to my knees in front of him. I watched his lewdly stroke himself, the tip pointing towards my mouth as I opened it wide like a hungry baby bird.

I leaned forward and held my breath with anticipation. He cried out loudly like a wounded animal, his guttural cry announcing my reward. His hot cream sprayed into my mouth and coated my face and lips. I licked them clean and swallowed his delicious juices like a randy whore. As good as his precum had tasted his seed was even better and I flopped onto my back furiously stroking myself as I savored his taste until I spilled my own batch of man butter onto my stomach. I was breathless and totally sated as I lay back and recovered from the ferocity of my orgasm. My life had changed in a single moment. No longer would I be satisfied with the fantasies. I knew that I would forever need the taste and feel of a real cock to quench my thirst and that was okay.