 I always sit close to the new boy on the sofa, and while I am advising and lecturing him, my hand will occasionally rest on his shoulders; sometimes gently stroke the back of his neck; then move to his thigh, first giving it a friendly squeeze then very softly, trace my fingertips back-and-forth over his inner thigh. 

"You know I'm not gay, right?" said the cute little bugger with big blue eyes, shifting uncomfortably beside me.

Once they ask me that question, or blurt out "Sorry, I am not gay" I know I have them right where I want them...that within a few minutes I'll have their hard dicks out of their pants and not long after they'll be stroking mine, as well.

"Of course you're not, I knew you weren't gay the moment we met!" I say with a sincerity I have perfected over the years.

Then I lie with a smile on my face: "My ancestors are from France – all of us French people use our hands to express ourselves...don't let it bother you, okay?"

"Oh, okay, Professor," he softly replied. 

When he averts his eyes I glance at his crotch. I can plainly see the beginnings of an erection. It generally takes fifteen-twenty minutes before the special 'breath mint' I give the boys when we first meet to take affect. 

After ten-minutes or so, their youthful pricks begin to slowly rise. They start to shift uncomfortably on the sofa; they subtly try to hide their growing excitement with their hands. 

This is when I go to work on their thighs. These boys are so sexually inexperienced, I am positive they rarely, if ever, have felt another person's hand this close to their genitals.

I talk softly to this boy but I doubt he is paying attention to my words. He is so horrified by his bodies reaction, he simply nods, and occasionally clears his throat. 

I love the expressions on the faces of eighteen-year old boys when they find themselves sitting next to me with raging hard-ons...they become befuddled and confused, red-faced and mumbling, and in many instances, scared to death as to why they would spring a boner being with an old guy like me.

Once he is fully erect, I make sure he sees me staring at the bulge in his pants then I say, "You probably haven't been with a girl in a long time, have you?"

Nine-times-out-of-ten the boy will turn bright red when he sees me looking at his crotch; he'll then try to cover the bulge with his hand and stutter some nonsense such as "Uh, yeah, it's been way too long" or "Yeah, I've been too busy studying" or my favorite "My girlfriend is coming to town this weekend – I'll get laid when she gets here!"

I am certain that most of the boys living in my building are virgins, or have little-to-no experience with females. 

How do I know this? Because I rent to only the shyest, quietest, and nerdiest boys who the university sends to me in search of an apartment; and frankly speaking, during our initial interview, if my cock doesn't twitch or get hard inside my slacks the boy has no chance of living here.

With a look of grave concern on my face, I ask the boy, "Tell me the truth, son, you've never been with a girl, have you?"

Half the boys will vehemently protest, "No-no, I've had sex with girls – lots of girls!"

I will glare at them and remind them that I demand total honesty; that if they wish to receive grant money for their education, and live in my building rent-free, telling the truth is not only desirable, it is mandatory.

Seventy-percent of the boys will then admit to being virgins, but most will insist they have 'done things' with girls.

The little blue-eyed cutie next to me was no exception. I had him figured to be as pure as the driven snow. 

"I had a girlfriend my senior year," he said.

"Did you have sex with her?" I ask him.

"Well, yeah, sure we did!" he said.

"Did you two fuck?" I bluntly ask so I can see his reaction.

His cheeks immediately redden. I squeeze his thigh so close to his crotch his body shivers then I intentionally brush the bulge in his pants with the back of my hand and he cries out, "PROFESSOR!"

"You never had sex with her, did you, son?" I say to him.

He sadly shakes his head and replies, "Well, not what you said...but we did 'things' in my car."

This is the time to get personal and break down the boy's barriers. I use crude language for the shock effect. 

"Did she suck your cock?" I forcefully ask the trembling boy.

"Oh no, she was a good girl – she wouldn't do that..." he said softly.

It was time to go on the offensive.

"If you didn't fuck her and she didn't suck your cock then you lied to me when you said you 'did things' with her in your car – I won't tolerate liars, boy!"

"No-no, Professor, I'm not lying – she used her hands on me...you know..." he said through watery eyes.

"Well then boy, call it what it is...she gave you handjobs, right?" I asked firmly.

"Yes, sir...she gave me h-handjobs...." he reluctantly said.

"Okay, good...and naturally, you and your closest boy friend or friends gave each other handjobs too, right?" I asked with a straight-face.

His blue eyes shot wide open. "No, Professor – we never did anything like that – I told you I'm not gay!"

I narrowed my eyes, scrunched my face, and said, "Why would you think boys giving each other handjobs is gay? My God, son, you're very naïve, aren't you?"

"B-But I, uh, well..." he stammered.

"I read that you're from Wisconsin, right?" I asked him.

"Well, yeah, but we never---"

I interrupted him, "I've had several boys from Wisconsin living here and they all assured me giving their closest friends handjobs is quite normal growing up there...too bad you missed out on that, you wouldn't be so sexually frigid and backwards like you are now!"

I don't recall ever having a boy from Wisconsin staying here, but what the hell?

My voice softens. "You know, son, if you want to live here I have certain 'house rules' I expect my boys to abide by..."

"I, uh, know you expect us to maintain at least a 3.75 grade average, sir," he replies in a weak voice. "...and I can do that!"

I know the increasing pressure he's now feeling in his youthful balls has become a distraction; I am positive he wants nothing more than to return to his dorm room and jerk-off as soon as possible.

I continue: "Very good, yes, I am sure you can...but also every boy I permit to stay here is required to carry a full-load of credits every semester...that means hours of home work every night...does hard work scare you, son? If it does, tell me now so we don't waste each others time."

"No, no, I can do it, Professor," he answers, "I had straight A's all thru high school!"

I take incredible pleasure watching the little blue-eyed-cutie-pie fidget and squirm.

"This isn't high school, son," I say, "...you have to be 100% committed to your goal of getting into law school – you must stay focused, and that means abiding by my rules...do you think you can do that, boy?"

"Y-Yes, sir," he stutters.

He is unable to sit still – the 'breath mint' I gave him is causing his body to visibly shake and tremble. I know from experience his dick has never been so hard as it is now...that he has never felt such an urgent need to empty his balls as he is feeling at this moment.

He moans when I squeeze his thigh. I think: better speed this up or the poor boy will shoot inside his underwear..

"Do you know what the single biggest distraction is for guys your age?" I ask him then immediately answer my own question. "It is far-and-away sex...boys your age are consumed with the physical need to squirt as much cum as possible, at the very least 3-4 times a day...wouldn't you agree with me?"

His face reddens; he lowers those beautiful blue-eyes to the floor and stammers, "OH, uh, I don't know about 3-4 times a day, sir – sure, maybe once or twice..."

I smile at his admission of guilt. He is mortified by the sexual feelings he's experiencing. It is time to move in for the kill.

"Son, my number one rule for you boys living here is 'Quid Pro Quo'...since you are in pre-law, I am sure you know what that means, correct?"

He can barely speak now. In a squeaky voice he answers, "It's, uh, when one person agrees to do something for another person in exchange for something, as well."

"Very good," I say, "...you know son, there are ten one-bedroom apartments in the building I own next door...and each apartment has two boys living there...each bedroom has one very large king-sized bed the boys share...now the most important aspect of living here is taking care of your roommates 'needs' whenever his dick gets hard...that is NOT a gay thing, son, it is simply a necessity in life to ensure your minds are 100% focused on your schoolwork, and there is no better way of clearing your mind than to shoot loads of cum, don't you agree with me, boy?"

His red face and wide,watery blue eyes indicated to me he couldn't believe what he was hearing, but his prick was so hard and his balls so full of semen and sperm I am sure my outrageous Quid Pro Quo rule was beginning to sound logical and reasonable to him.

I lean in and boldly grasp his erection thru the slacks. He bolts upright like he was struck by lightening; his hands try to push mine from his crotch in a gesture of futility.

I continue: "Like now, for example, if I was your roommate all you'd have to say to me is 'Quid Pro Quo' and it would be my duty and obligation to take out your cock and masturbate you until you shoot your load...it is very simple, and is the best way to keep you totally focused on your schoolwork instead of sex...do you understand me, boy?"

He was unable to speak. He vigorously nodded his head. He was well past the point where he could think and make a rational decision.

"Pretend I'm your roommate," I whispered to him, "...do you have anything you want to say to me...remember, I must abide by the rules, too...what is it you want to say to me – go ahead and say it, boy!"

I saw the turmoil and conflict raging in his head. No matter how much he wanted to say it, he couldn't bring himself to open his mouth. I simply squeezed his cock harder and the words spilled out of his mouth.

"Quid Pro Quo – Quid Pro Quo!!" he blurted out.

I had his slacks open in no time and was amused to see he was wearing tiny, string bikini briefs. Small boys like him enjoy wearing these briefs because it gives them the illusion their packages are bigger than they actually are.

When I extracted his erection I was struck with the beauty of his youthful, throbbing prick. God, how I love the freshness of an eighteen-year old penis.

It was a spur-of-the-moment decision. I lowered my face and took his throbbing cock between my lips.

"PROFESSOR – oh my God – w-what are you doing?" he cried out and tried to pull his dick from my mouth.

I held his body still and rapidly bobbed my head up-and-down. Once he felt the warm wetness of my mouth enveloping his entire erection, I knew from experience he would relent to the sucking and he would be mine to do with as I pleased.

Professor, nooooo...." he moaned as his body relaxed, and finally, he sat back on the sofa and accepted his very first blowjob.

I knew he was close to cumming, so I encircled the top of his scrotum with thumb and forefinger and gently pushed his balls lower in the sac. I would make this last long enough for him to never forget it because I also decided to make this boy a special project of mine.

As expected, he groaned in frustration by the delay to his climax.

With twenty boys living under my roof, I have neither the time or stamina to get each boy into my bed. I am plenty happy with Billy, my current butt-boy. In less than a year, I have him fully trained to perform whatever act I demand, and he is always eager to please.

No, blue-eyed-cutie-pie here would be an extracurricular project. I will gradually break-in his mouth before I bend him over and take his virginity. He's so similar to Billy with his looks and demeanor, I will enjoy watching the two of them together, as well.

You'd think from the constant groans coming from him, there was something wrong, but no, the boy simply had never felt anything so wonderful as having his hard dick in someone's mouth. 

I increased my rhythm and tempo. I wanted to taste the young boy's fresh spunk. There is nothing quite like the flavor of boy-cream. I suppose it's because young boy's jerk-off so much their jizz doesn't have time to grow stale in their balls.

My tongue never leaves his hot flesh. His constant moans of pleasure are music to my ears. My own dick is so hard in my boxers I decide to quit teasing the boy and make him shoot his load so I can can feel his small hand masturbating me.

I move my head up-and-down his throbbing prick so fast the boy has no chance and his moans suddenly become cries of joy.

"Oh, Professor...ohhhhhhhhh..."

His hips begin to buck; I hold him firmly between my lips and I feel his balls rise in his scrotum.

"OHHHHHHHHH-OH---OH---OH---OH---OHHHHHHH-OHHHHHHH-OHHHHHHH...."

I lap at the boy-cream and swallow every delicious drop. Sure enough, it tastes fresh and yummy like a young boy should.

When his body comes to rest, I gently lick his now-flaccid penis clean of any excess fluids. I raise my head, and when he opens his blue eyes the first thing he sees is me smiling at him.

I instantly say, "Quid Pro Quo."

The expression of pure bliss and serenity on his pretty face is transformed immediately into horror and panic. I reassure him.

"You don't have to do to me what I did for you...no, your hands will be just fine...it is entirely up to you and your roommate how you will take care of each other...some of the boys use only their hands while others, well, you now know how fantastic it is to have your cock sucked, well, who knows? Maybe you and your roommate will decide to satisfy one another using your mouths..."

There – I planted the idea of oral sex in his impressionable mind. It was, however, way too early to tell him some of the boys love to cum with their roommates hard cocks in their tiny assholes.

I continue staring at the boy and repeat, "Quid Pro Quo." He is hesitant so I reassure him: "Your hands will do just fine, son."

The blood drains from his face. "Oh, okay..." he says in a dream-like state and his hands slowly move to the belt on my slacks as he resigns himself to his fate.

Now I only have seven-inches, but new boys do find it somewhat daunting when they first take it out of my boxers. I never fail to be amused by the expressions of fear and uncertainty on their young faces.

I say encouragingly, "I know you jerk-off so just take it in your hand and stroke it the same way you stroke yourself!"

He slowly nods his head, closes his eyes, takes a deep breath then squeezes my cock and begins stroking it. 

"A little more pressure...yes, very good...you should always ask a new roommate how hard he wants you to grip it – same goes with you too – don't be shy about telling him how to hold yours, too!"

"No, no, go slowly at first...yes, very good...when you see your roommates hips and legs begin moving that is when you should go faster, okay?"

"Oh, okay..." he replied in a daze.

I reach over and stroke his hair. "See – there is absolutely nothing gay about this – you are simply returning a favor, and once it's done, both of you will have clear minds to focus on your schoolwork."

By the time my pretty little blue-eyed-cutie-pie makes me cum, his own small dick is erect once again which is good, I want him leaving here with a raging hard-on. 

Once he gets back to his dorm room the first thing he'll do is jerk-off to the memory of his dick in my mouth, and the feel of my cock in his hands. His young and impressionable mind will be so conflicted about his sexuality, for the first time in his life he will think to himself, "Maybe I am gay."

As I fix my clothes I point to his hard-on and casually comment, "Now if I was your roommate, you could say 'Quid Pro Quo' again and I'd be obligated to take care of that thing of yours, hahaha...."

He blushed a fierce red and quickly pulled up his briefs and slacks.

"Living here is entirely up to you...if you choose to, I will pay your complete tuition, all your books and supplies, you will live here for free, and I will also give you a hundred dollars a week for food and incidentals...how does that sound to you?"

I knew damn well how it sounded to him – like a dream come true!

"Y-Yes, I think it's great...thank you so much for even considering me!" he said.

"...and you will be able to obey all the house rules? Especially 'Quid Pro Quo'?" I asked, enjoying watching his face turn red again.

"Y-Yes..." he said meekly.

"Good boy," I said. "Now in addition, you will meet with me here at least once a week so we can discuss your progress...okay?"

"OH," he exclaimed; his beautiful blue eyes growing wide as saucers again. "Uh, yeah...okay, I guess so."

"All right then, come here after your classes tomorrow and I'll give you a key and introduce you to your roommate!"

"Oh, okay, thanks again Professor – I won't let you down," he said.

"I know you won't boy, I have high expectations of you!" I said to him while picturing him bending over with my cock in his bubble-butt of an ass.

"Who are we watching?" I asked Billy who was lying on the bed staring at the ten television monitors on the wall.

"108..." he answered. "They added something new – they are now kissing while they jerk each other off."

I glanced at the tv as I stripped off my clothes.

"Ohhh," I exclaimed, "...they're on the sofa, too...they've always waited until they are in bed before their mutual strokefest...I wonder if this means they'll be upping their frequency?"

"It's early for them, too," remarked Billy. "...they don't go to bed for another hour or so...I'll bet you're right – once they hop into bed they'll do it again!"

"It's about time," I replied. "Their lack of desire has me concerned...there is no clear 'top' or 'bottom' there...I may have made a mistake pairing those two together."

Once naked, I joined Billy on the bed, our backs sitting up against pillows watching television. I lean over and we kiss.

"Ooooo..." he hummed, "...the new boy's cream tastes wonderful...how was he?"

"Very promising...it won't take too long to turn him...I think he'll make an excellent playmate for you, too!" I said.

"Oh goody..." smiled Billy. 

"I may even let you fuck him first – I want to break him in gradually," I said.

"Ohhhh, goody again!" laughed Billy.

"What time is it?" I asked.

Billy replied excitedly, "Oh, it's time for Samantha to get her ass plowed!"

"Switch it to 103," I told him. "I wonder what Devon is making her wear tonight? And get your hand out of your jock!"

"But, daddy, I get sooo horny watching tv!" he pouted with a laugh.

Billy turned the tv to apartment 103. They weren't in the bedroom.

"Oh, there's Devon in his cute little undies on the sofa," said Billy.

With ten tv screens, it takes some time to locate the boys. Each apartment is equipped with 2 camera's in the kitchen; 3 camera's in the living room; 2 in the bathroom; and three in the bedroom. Every square inch of every apartment is visible on the screens.

We watch as Devon strokes the bulge in his briefs. He suddenly shouts: "GET YOUR ASS OUT HERE, BITCH – I WANT YOU ON YOUR KNEES RIGHT NOW!"

His forceful words makes my prick come alive. I guide Billy's hand to it and he lightly caresses my cock and balls with the palm of his hand.

It took me a couple months to find the right roommate for Devon. I judged him, correctly as it turned out, to be an aggressive guy who could be a problem if I didn't put him with the right kind of boy.

Along came Sam, an introverted, shy boy, with obvious self-esteem issues. 
