 AT HOME IN MIAMI

Denny followed his father's advice and took three days to drive to Miami. He left mid-morning on Monday and stopped at a motel along the way. His father had given him enough cash to stay two nights along the way. He did most of the driving on Tuesday and finished up the trip on Wednesday. He was glad he had listened to his father as he arrived in Miami during the daylight hours. Freddie's place was much easier to find during the day. He arrived around 6:00 PM and Freddie was thrilled to see him. They went to a diner for dinner and then Freddie showed him around the neighborhood.

"Denny, I have a few friends who I party with sometimes and we keep our circle close. What I mean is that we don't have sex we people we don't know but if we meet a hot guy, we do not have unprotected sex."

"I don't plan on having sex with strangers."

"Good, I just wanted to be clear because I know how we both love cock and get as much as we can. It's different at Roman's then down here."

They walked back to the apartment which was a studio with a murphy bed. Denny wasn't used to anything so small. They unpacked his car and brought his clothes and personal items inside. 

"You can unpack and settle in tomorrow while I'm at work. Right now, I need to fuck that sweet ass of yours. Let's go to bed."

Freddie pulled the murphy bed down after moving some things out of the way. They both took off their clothes and admired each other body again. Denny was fascinated with Freddie's cute titties. Freddie was ready to fuck Denny and he told Denny to get on all fours. Freddie got the lube and greased up his cock and Denny's ass and he marveled at the shapely ass. Denny looked good on all fours as he waited for Freddie's cock to penetrate his ass. Freddie took his time lubricating the shapely ass and he liked the submissive posture that Denny presented. Denny had his head down on his hands which were folded on the bed, his ass was elevated and his back was arched emphasizing the curvy shape. Denny looked perfect and he presented exactly the image that Freddie liked to fuck.

Freddie moved close and slowly eased his cock into the irresistible ass. Denny groaned slightly with the penetration and his sphincter stretched slightly to accept the swollen cock. Once past the sphincter Freddie fucked him slowly until Denny's ass opened up and then he picked up the pace and soon his hips were slamming into the pretty gay. Denny's curvy ass would jiggle each time Freddie thrust into it and he loved the effect. Freddie felt his orgasm building and he knew that he would dump a good-sized load in the receptive ass. Denny felt Freddie's body stiffen and make one final thrust as he buried his cock in gripping rectum. Denny felt cum surge into him and he felt the cock throb with each release. 

The anal muscle involuntarily clenched and unclenched as it massaged Freddie's cock and drew every drop of cum from the shaft. Freddie kept pressed against his lover and let his cock be milked dry. Denny couldn't hold his position any longer and he collapsed forward on the bed. Freddie followed him down and lay on top of Denny with his cock still buried in the lovely ass. Freddie remained on top until Denny begged him to get up. the pool of his own cum from his second ejaculation.

"Oh Freddie, you sure had a lot of cum built up."

"I was thinking about your ass all day. Are you ready to fuck me now?"

"More than you know."

That night Denny fucked Freddie twice and Freddie fucked Denny again. They cuddled together and fell asleep in the spoon position. It was Denny's dream come true. He wanted a roommate just like Freddie whose skin was as smooth and tender as his own. Over the next several days Denny and Freddie fucked and sucked each other in the morning and at night. They were insatiable and seemed tireless. They could cum four and five times a day and they continuously flooded each other's mouth and ass with cum. They loved fucking each other in the ass but they also loved sucking each other and making love to their beautiful cocks. 

A MONTH LATER

They were ready to open the salon. All the work had been completed and they had announced the grand opening. Freddie had come up with the name Sassy Dos Salon. They had been busy overseeing the refurbishing of the barber shop and selecting the interior décor. The word had gotten out due to their efforts of promoting the business. 

Posters and flyers had been prepared and were posted in gay establishments like boutiques and coffee houses. The two gay beauties also spent many hours walking the streets and handing out flyers. They were amused at how many hands grazed their shapely asses as they handed out the notices. Roman had been correct, seeing these two pretty gays and knowing they would be the hair stylists, did a lot for the promotion.

The two of them had worked tirelessly for a month. However, they were never too tired to have sex with each other. They loved being together and sucking and fucking each other. They had moved from the studio apartment to the place above the salon. The upstairs was much roomier than the studio and they purchased a king-size bed. That was their only purchase initially but they would continue to transform the upstairs and replace all the older furnishings. 

The grand opening and open house was on a Saturday. They would not be cutting hair that day but hosting potential clients. There were refreshments available all day until closing at 6:00 PM. The flow of people was larger than expected and they were thrilled with the attendance. A number of guys booked appointments for the following week. Around 5:00 PM two of Freddie's former co-workers and friends stopped by.

"Denny, this is Bryce and Hector. They work at the salon that I use to work at. We are good friends and we have partied together."

"Pleased to meet you."

"It's good to finally meet you too Denny. We had heard a lot about you," Bryce replied.

"Freddie, you did not exaggerate at all about his ass. It is marvelous," Hector added.

"Do you both want to hang around and party with us afterward?" Freddie offered.

"By all means, Hector did bring the wine."

At 6:00 PM they closed the salon and cleaned up from the reception. They carried the leftovers upstairs and stored the food in the refrigerator. Hector brought the wine with him, opened it and they shared a toast wishing the salon success. 

"Denny, once we are successful and need more stylists, Bryce and Hector may join us."

"Let's hope that you are successful and that happens," Bryce offered.

They drank wine, nibbled on some finger food and then they were ready to party. Bryce and Hector were anxious to get at Denny's scrumptious ass. They were hard before the clothes even came off. The four of them climbed into the king-sized bed and there was no doubt that Denny was going to be fucked by Bryce and Hector before any other action. Bryce would go first since he wasn't as large as Hector. That's what these always did with Freddie to stretch him a bit before Hector fucked him.

Bryce was gentle with him allowing Denny to adjust to his cock. Soon he was buried to the hilt in Denny's ass and he fucked him royally. He held on to the pretty twin cheeks as he fucked him thoroughly. Denny felt Bryce tense and then fill his ass with cum. Bryce had cum so quickly that he knew he could cum a second time. He continued to fuck Denny's ass as the semen backed out and ran down over the testicles. Bryce's cock drove into Denny and then retreated until only the head remained in the rectum. Denny felt the shaft drive in and out of his anal passage like a piston causing him to cry out.

"Oh God your cock is so hot in my ass, so deep. Oh, fuck yeah, fill me with your dick. Cum in me, I want your spunk shooting in my ass again."

Bryce continued to fuck the shapely firm ass driving his cock into the warm recess. He sensed his second orgasm building in his balls and he knew that within minutes he would cum in the hot ass. Bryce felt the pressure in his scrotum just before he unleashed a torrent of semen into the shapely firm ass. Bryce felt the sphincter muscle tighten around the shaft and squeeze every ounce of spunk out of it.

"Oh shit, I feel it. I love it. I love your hot seed flooding my ass." 

"My turn now Denny, I'm so hot that I need to get my cock in your ass," Hector said excitedly.

Denny bunched up the pillows and leaned over them accentuating his curvy ass. Hector picked up the gel from the nightstand and liberally applied it to his cock. He eased his nearly eight-inch slippery cock into Denny's ass slowly. Between the gel and the semen, Denny was well-lubed. In one steady, smooth stroke he buried his cock to the hilt in the receptive bottom. Hector withdrew slowly and then continued the methodical in and out motion until the sweet ass loosened up. He then began to pound the curvy bottom and his hips slapped against the shapely ass cheeks. Bryce and Freddie stood there and watched as Hector fucked the daylights out of Denny's ass. Denny moaned and groaned and urged Hector to fuck him hard and deep. 

"Let's join them."

Bryce was glued to the scene before him as Hector fucked the beautiful young Denny as Freddie stroked Bryce's resurgent cock. Freddie led Bryce by his cock over to where Hector fucked Denny spread over the pillows. Freddie lubed his ass, leaned forward, spread his butt cheeks and guided Bryce's cock into his ass. Denny's ass was first class but Freddie's wasn't far behind. 

Once Bryce was settled in Freddie's ass, Denny sucked Freddie's cock deep into his mouth. Bryce's cock felt good in the warm recess of Freddie's gripping clenching hungry rectum and he then began to fuck the hot ass with enthusiasm. Freddie then came in Denny's mouth triggered by the hot cock in his anal passage. Denny worked his sphincter to perfection and drove Hector toward a massive ejaculation. Hector filled Denny's ass with a barrage of cum to an overflow state. The surge of his semen sent Denny over the edge and he blasted his load all over the pillow cases.

It didn't take long for Denny to turn his beautiful shapely ass up in the air in anticipation of another round with Hector's huge cock. Hector did not disappoint him and he was soon pounding the magnificent ass a second time. Freddie got on all fours next to his roommate, followed his lover's lead and offered his ass to Bryce. Bryce filled with lust plunged his cock back into Freddie's ass and proceeded to fuck the life out of him. At that point Bryce wanted to cum again and it didn't make any difference whose ass he was fucking. He actually did like the look Freddie presented on all fours.

Denny and Freddie got their asses totally reamed by Hector and Bryce. Denny wanted to cum again so he and Freddie got into a 69 position on their sides and Bryce and Hector slid their cocks back into their asses. The four of them writhed and humped until they all exploded with massive ejaculations. Denny and Freddie filled each other's mouth with the familiar taste of their sperm just as Bryce shot his wad into Freddie's ass and Hector blasted his load into Denny's ass.

The four of them stayed in the same position for about a half hour as their cocks deflated and slipped from their receptacles. Cum oozed from anuses and dripped down the side of mouths as the foursome recovered. There was no discussion as it was assumed that Hector and Bryce would spend the night. The slept comfortably in the large bed with Freddie and Denny facing each other on their sides. Hector was spooned behind Denny as was Bryce behind Freddie

SUNDAY A DAY OF SEX AND LEISURE

The next morning, Hector and Bryce got up and used the bathroom. They then returned to the bed where the two pretty gays were still sleeping. They liberally oiled up their dicks and then got back in bed with the two sweeties. Hector fucked Denny's lovely ass as Bryce took Freddie again. It was a leisurely slow tempo as the savored fucking the sweet bottoms. Bryce fondled Freddie's budding titties as they were a novelty to him.

Both of them ejaculated into the clenching rectums and dumped their morning loads. They remained in a spoon position until their cocks softened and slipped from the curvy asses. Hector and Bruce got up and got dressed as their semen trickled over the lovely buttocks of Denny and Freddie.

"Thanks guys for a great time. We need to get going as we have plans in Miami," Hector told them.

They left the apartment with Freddie and Denny still in bed. The two beauties were in no hurry to get up but soon they had to pee. Afterward they showered and douched their asses which had received a number of loads in the past 12 hours. They had not fucked Hector and Bryce but Denny wasn't disappointed. Their asses weren't that desirable but they did have great cocks. He was satisfied with fucking Freddie.

They decided to go out for coffee and then walk around town since it was a beautiful morning. While they were seated outside enjoying a specialty coffee, Denny spotted a number of very effeminate gays who seemed to go out of their way to advertise it. A couple were even dressed like girls. He thought of Freddie with his cute tits and he was sure that Freddie could easily pass for a girl if he dressed like one.

"Have you ever fucked either Hector or Bruce?"

"No, they're what you call tops. They like to fuck but no get fucked. They have sucked me off though. They give good head."

"I wasn't drawn to their asses anyway."

"No, I know they don't have nice asses but they have nice cocks."

"I agree, what's next Freddie?"

"We'll walk around town, check out a few shops and stop for lunch later." 

After coffee and a light breakfast, they walked around town and later stopped for lunch. They noticed their poster hanging in the café announcing the grand opening of the Sassy Dos Salon. Tomorrow would be the first day in operation and they were both excited. After lunch, they walked back to the apartment and they were ready to enjoy each other once again.

They stripped naked and moved in to kiss. Denny and Freddie faced each other close enough that Freddie could hold both cocks in his hand and he jerked them off as they French kissed. 

"Freddie, I need your ass so bed. Let me fuck you and then you can fuck me."

Denny was ready to fuck and he told Freddie to get on all fours. He took the anal gel and greased up his cock. Next, he greased up Freddie's anus and he marveled at the shapely ass. The two young men could pass for brothers they were built so similar. Denny had a nicer curvier ass but Freddie's was shapely too. 

Freddie looked good on all fours as he waited for his roommate's cock to penetrate his ass. Denny took his time lubricating the cute ass and he liked the submissive posture that his lover presented. Freddie had his head down on his hands which were folded on the bed. His ass was elevated and his back was arched emphasizing the curvy shape of his ass. He looked perfect to fuck.

Denny moved close and slowly eased his cock into the welcoming ass. Freddie groaned slightly with the penetration and his sphincter stretched to accept the cock. Once past the sphincter he fucked Freddie slowly until the sweet ass opened up and was once again able to take all of the stiff cock. Denny then picked up the pace and soon his hips were slamming into his lover. Freddie's cute ass would jiggle each time he thrust into it and Denny as always, loved watching it. He felt his release building and he knew that he would shoot a good-sized load. 

"Denny, do something different today. Cum on me, not in me and then put your cock back in me."

Denny's body stiffened and made one final thrust just before he pulled out and fired streams of semen at the dilated anus. Freddie felt cum bounce off the rubbery ring and soak his buttocks, a feeling he dearly loved. Denny moved his stiff dick around the cum-coated skin scooping up some of his seed. He pushed his cum-coated cock back in his roommate's ass pushing more semen back into the lovely bottom.

Freddie's sphincter muscle clenched and unclenched as it massaged the cock and drew every remaining drop of cum from the shaft. Denny kept pressed against his lover and let his cock be milked dry. Freddie couldn't hold his position any longer and he collapsed forward on the bed. Denny followed him down and lay next to him with his cock resting on his lover's ass. He hugged his lover and felt Freddie's smooth hairless skin against his own effeminate body. 

Freddie remained on his stomach face down on the bed as he savored the moment of being thoroughly fucked. Denny looked over at twitching ass and he could see cum oozing from it. Denny started by caressing Freddie's curvy smooth ass and then he played with his anus. Denny gathered up some more semen and pushed his finger into the receptive hole. Freddie wiggled his ass in response as Denny played with him.

"Oh Denny, you were really turned on. You sure had a lot of cum built up."

"I did. I just had to fuck you first today. Freddie would you give me a massage?" 

"Sure, you know how much I like to massage you."

Freddie retrieved the body lotion and then straddled Denny's body. He sat on the legs just below the shapely buttocks and rested his soft cock in the crack of the marvelous ass. He poured the lotion on Denny's back and shoulders and then began to massage him. The skin, like his, was hairless, smooth and flawless and Freddie's hands glided over the effeminate body. After several minutes of massaging the upper body he turned his attention to the incredible ass. He massaged each of the buttocks relishing in the feel of the round firm globes. He felt his cock begin to harden again and within a few minutes of rubbing the curvy ass, he had an erection. The hard cock was nestled in the crack of Denny's ass and Freddie slid his cock within the fold of curvy buttocks.

"You like my ass don't you Freddie?"

"Oh my God, how could I not like it? I love your ass and I love fucking you in your perfectly shaped ass. Everyone loves your ass, that's why you get fucked so much."

"Are you going to fuck me now?"

"You know I am. I love to fuck your hot ass."

Freddie smoothed the anal gel all over his cock and then he poured some of it in the crack of his lover's ass. He then fingered the anus making sure that it was well lubed. Satisfied that Denny was sufficiently lubricated, he eased his cock into his roommate. Denny pushed his buns up to meet the penetration and the cock slid in easily. Denny groaned as the shaft filled his anal passage. Freddie fucked his lover for what seemed to be almost an hour before he finally ejaculated in the sweet ass and then he collapsed on top. The two of them remained in the same position for several minutes before they separated. Freddie rolled off of Denny and lay on his back. 

"God, I love fucking you."

"I love fucking you too."

"We better get cleaned up and get a good night's sleep. I don't know how busy we will be tomorrow but I want to be prepared for the worst."

They showered and then went to bed, naked as usual. They cuddled in the spoon position, rotating through the night. Sometimes Denny was behind Freddie and vice versa. They cooled it with sex for the rest of the night and the next morning. 

THE NEED FOR HELP

The salon hours were from 10:00 AM until 6:00 PM. The phone was ringing before ten as guys wanted to schedule appointments. There were a few walk ins and it was a hectic day. It was difficult to cut hair and handle the phone and reception duties. They decided that they needed help so they contacted a temporary help agency. They also put a sign in the window for a receptionist. 

By 6:00 PM they were exhausted but at the same thrilled with the response to the salon. They worked until 7:30 PM, cleaning up and straightening out the bookkeeping. By 8:00 they were back in the apartment and had a late dinner. By 9:30 they were in bed. They fucked each other once in the spoon position and once again Denny loved playing with Freddie's little titties. 
