 Bruce, our friend from the lake, called to check up on David and I. He offered to let us use his beach house if we wanted, we jumped at the chance. Bruce said we could use anything, house, vehicles and anything else and he'd text us the address and security codes, let him know when we were going, he didn't want to barge in while we were using the place. I told Bruce, "I could sure use some rest and relaxation, thank you again. We will let you know the dates as soon as we can."

We decided on the dates, and let Bruce know. The day we planned to leave David found out he had to pull an extra shift so I decided to go on down by myself and he'd come later. I arrived mid-morning, when I got there I saw a note from the housekeeper, it said, "I have gotten the basics as instructed by Mr. Bruce. Make a list of any additional things you need, this is my number, text it to me and I will get it this afternoon."

I chose my room, unpacked, and checked the supplies Hosea had gotten. I decided to walk down the beach. I changed clothes, pulling on a tank top and a thin pair of walking shorts. I came upon this little beach cafe place and went in and had a seat. I placed an order as recommended by the young man working the counter. It was a slow day so after I had eaten, Ian, my counter guy, returned and started talking.

Ian asked if I was new here, I told him I was using a friend's place. He looked at me saying, "Let me see, I bet your name is Clayton."

I looked at him in awe. He said, "Bruce texted me and told me if our paths crossed help you any way I could."

I thought to myself that things were getting interesting quick. I smiled at him saying, "I will hold you to that Ian. Come by when you get off and you can fill me in."

Ian said he was getting off in an hour and he'd head to the house when he got off. I shook his hand and told him I'd be waiting. I decided to take a swim while I was waiting on Ian. I got my skimpiest suit and headed for the pool. I did 40 laps and lay back on a raft, dozing off while waiting for Ian. Next thing I knew there was a huge splash.

He came up beside the raft facing to me. I looked at him and said, "I nodded off, I didn't hear you come in."

Ian said, "Bruce doesn't change the code much. I keep telling him to but you know how it is. I stripped off on the deck, hope you don't mind. I am surprised you got on your suit."

I said, "Well, the housekeeper, Hosea, is supposed to be coming around later."

Ian said, "I can tell you he has seen some things, so nothing he sees will surprise him. So, do you just want to lay around this afternoon? Let me get another raft and we can just relax and talk."

Ian got another raft and pulled them together facing each other. He placed his hand on my upper thigh so we wouldn't drift apart, I did the same to him. Ian looked at me as we made conversation, he told me about himself and asked about my job, which Bruce had told him about. Ian was working his hand on my inner thigh.

He started moving his hand higher on my leg as my cock stiffened, filling my suit. Ian looked at me smiling as his fingers got to my suit. He placed his hand on my waist band. He looked at me saying, "Let's get out of here so I can welcome you appropriately Clayton."

We slid in the water and headed for the lounge chairs, as I turned getting ready to sit after leaving the pool, he came up to me pushing my suit down as he went to his knees. He pushed me back onto the chair. He leaned over following my cock. Ian took my cock in his hand, and started kissing up and down my cock. He looked at me saying, "I just knew you would be toting a really nice hunk of meat. I don't know who is going to enjoy this more, me or you."

I looked down at Ian saying, "I think we both are going to enjoy it!"

He went down further, sucking, kissing and licking my nuts as he worked my nipples. He took my cockhead in his mouth moaning as he run his tongue all over it. He pulled up kissing the tip of the head, opened his mouth wide and started sliding down. He took almost 3 inches and stopped, moaning, pulled back licking my cockhead. He started down again taking my black cock till he started to gag.

He pulled off, taking a breath and started going up and down on my fat cock. I patted his head telling him how good he was doing. He got past his gag reflex, taking my whole fat black 9.5 inches to the base. He stayed down and moaned on my cock, groaning with my cock buried deep in his throat. He pulled off slowly with his lips tight around my cock. Ian grabbed my ball sack between my cock and balls. He took my balls in his mouth one at a time bathing them with his tongue.

He took each in his mouth separately, sucking and bathing them. He took my cock in his mouth again, getting my cock good and lubed up with his saliva. He pulled off my cock, and started dragging his tongue up and over my abdomen to my neck, finally straddling me. Ian reached between us holding my cock as he started lowering his hips. He looked at me and said, "My ass started twitching as soon as I saw you come in the shop. I knew I had to have that big black cock in my ass the second I saw you Clayton."

He lowered his ass to the head of my cock and pushed down taking just my cockhead in and stopped. He moaned loudly and I pulled his mouth to my neck to muffle his groans. I said, "Are you sure you are ready for my fat black cock?"

He shook his head yes as he started lowering his ass onto my cock. Ian stopped and I reached down with both hands to his ass grabbing a cheek in each hand letting my fingers meet in the crack of his ass. Ian started pushing down again as I lowered my fingers to his ass pressing one in along beside my cock. Ian moaned loudly biting my neck. He slid farther and farther down on my cock as I placed a finger on the other hand inside his ass ring.

Ian said, "Oh fuck, I can't believe I could take your whole black cock in my ass along with your 2 fingers. I am in heaven, fuck me, fuck me please!"

Ian started to ride my cock hard, up and down till I filled his ass with my hot cum. I pulled Ian down to me and held him tight against my body. I squeezed and fondled his ass cheeks as he came back to earth. He was talking about what a fuck that was. I held him tight telling him he was great. When we got back to normal I told him I needed a beer.

He crawled off me and went to the kitchen and got us both one. After getting a quick swallow we dove into the pool to rinse off. Ian's phone started alarming, as he went to get the phone he said, "Damn, I forgot all about that appointment. I got to go but I'll definitely be back."

I took his phone, put my number in and texted myself so I could add him. Ian left and I got busy doing an inventory of the kitchen making a list of our needs for Hosea. After sending it to Hosea I decided to take a shower. I redressed and headed for the garage. I walked in and saw 3 beautiful cars, a convertible Mercedes, a Corvette ZR 1, a Range Rover and a F-650.

I was in heaven, I chose the ZR 1 and slid in the seat. I just drove around, sightseeing, enjoying myself and just checking to see how things had changed. I stopped in a little bar and grill to get a bite to eat. After Ian and my afternoon diversion I was a little hungry. I was greeted at the door and led to a booth. The young lady asked if I was alone and I said yes. She said my waiter, Levi, would be out in just a moment. Levi came to the table, introduced himself and I ordered.

He returned shortly with my food. He sat it down with an inquiring look, asking if there was anything I would like. I told him not right now but later for sure and licked my lips. He smiled as he turned and walked off, his slacks hugging his sweet ass. I ate and Levi checked on me a couple times. He came back with my check, gathered my dishes and asked if was alone.

I told him I was right now but had company coming. Levi gave me his number and said if I wanted company he was getting off in 15 minutes. I texted Levi as soon as he walked off and told him to meet me out front, I'd be waiting. He saw me when he came out and hopped right in the Vet. He told me he lived right behind the restaurant and he wanted to change clothes. He hopped out at his apartment, ran in, changed clothes and was back out in 5 minutes.

I asked him if he wanted to go swimming at my place and he said sure. As we drove, we talked, as we talked, he dropped his hand in my lap. Levi leaned over to me and kissed me, just about this time we arrived at the house. When I pulled in Levi was in awe, he asked if it was mine. I told him no, it belonged to a friend but I had complete use of the place.

We went thru the house and out to the pool. Levi turned and I stepped up to him, pulling him tight and kissed him. Levi took my ass in his hands, running his hands up and under my shirt and back down into my shorts working down to the cheeks of my ass. It was a good thing the sides with neighbors was landscaped to maintain the property privacy.

I took the bottom of Levi's t-shirt and pulled it up over his head and off. I nibbled on his nipples as I unbuttoned his shorts and slid them down letting them drop leaving him naked. Levi removed his hands from inside my shorts and unbuttoned my shirt, dropped to his knees, unsnapped my shorts, pulling them off and removing my shoes.

He started licking my boxer brief covered cock. I placed a hand under each arm, lifted him up, kissed him hard and lifted him in my arms like a baby asking him if he wanted to see the bedroom. Levi looked and smiled as I carried him into the house to the bedroom. I set him on the bed, turned him facing me, telling him to remove my shorts.

He leaned forward placing his hands on each hip taking the waist band in his hands and started slowly pulling them down. As Levi exposed the new area he kissed and licked above my cock going farther down as he exposed new skin. He finally got my shorts low enough where my cock and balls were free. He pushed my shorts to the floor where I kicked them off.

I crawled into the bed, stacked the pillows and lay back. Levi started licking the bottom of my feet, then sucking my toes, cleaning between each one with his tongue, then licking and sucking the top of my feet, massaging them as he went. He continued working his way up each leg bypassing my cock and balls and hitting my navel. Levi next went side to side dragging his tongue across back and forth, stopping at my nipples. 

He next stopped at my Adams Apple, continuing to lick, suck and kiss. Levi moved to my chin and continued over my lips, nose and cheeks. He started sliding back down my chest, stopping above my cock. He took the head of my cock in his mouth. I took his knees in my hands and placing one of either side of my abdomen. Levi pulled off my cock head saying, "I have never had a cock this long or fat. I just don't know."

I said, "You will do fine. I am positive you can and will take it all."

Levi took my cockhead in his mouth and took a couple inches and stopped. I reached back and got a tube of lube off the bedside table. I coated 3 fingers and started working 1 finger in. I told Levi, "Use your saliva and coat my cock, bob up and down, taking a breath on the up stroke."

As he followed my instructions I placed a finger at his hole and pushed gently until his hole opened. Levi gasped as I opened his hole, slowly working 1 finger in and out. I placed a hand on the back of Levi's head to encourage him to continue taking more of my cock each time he went down. He finally took enough of my cock to fill his mouth and hit his gag reflex. He pulled up quickly but I didn't let him come off completely. I held him down and told him, "Adjust your angle, take a deep breath and go back down. When you get past the gag reflex one time it gets easier and easier, go to your gag reflex and stop there, do not panic."

I placed another finger in Levi's ass and started to work it in. Levi did as I ordered, when he got down I massaged his head and encouraged him to stay down. Levi was bouncing at the point of gagging trying to get past it. My cockhead finally got past the reflex and Levi started down on my whole big black cock. He stayed down working his throat on my cock.

I said, "You have done a fine job Levi. Now you just need to keep on doing it. I am going to place 1 more finger in that tight ass to loosen it, concentrate on your ass."

As Levi came up and went back down, I placed a 3rd finger in his tight ass. Levi groaned on my cock when I placed the 3rd finger in and started working that hole. I said to Levi, "I think your ass is ready for my fat black cock, turn around here."

Levi pulled his mouth off my cock and turned around. I gave him some lube and told him to lube my cock. Levi reached down and rubbed the lube on my cock. I said to Levi, "I am going to let you be on top to start. Hold my fat cock and place the head at your tight hole."

He did as I told him and pushed down, pushing my fat cockhead against his tight puckered hole, as his ass opened for the head finally he yelled loud. I placed a hand over his mouth to stifle his yells. He took just the head and stopped, letting his hole get used to the intruder. Levi looked at me as I said, "I will let you take my big black cock your way the first time, then I am going to ride that ass my way and fill that tight ass with my cum."

Levi started slowly lowering his tight ass down, slowly taking a few inches and stopping, then pulling up a bit and repeated. Levi finally took about 7 inches. He collapsed on my chest and I said, "You are doing great Levi, you have 2.5 inches more to go."

Levi kissed my neck and raised up again on his knees as I grabbed his hips. Levi started lowering again, saying," Oh fuck, your cock feels so awesome filling my ass, fuck it feels so good."

Levi finally dropped his ass all the way down taking my whole 9.5" black fat cock. I pulled him down to me, kissing him to muffle his yells. As he relaxed, I hugged him tight and told him, "You have done well, you have gotten past the hardest part. Now's the time to have some real fun."

I rolled us over, my cock still buried in Levi's ass. I took an ankle is each hand and spread his legs wide. I started slowly pulled my cock from his ass until the head was all that remained. I started pushing back into his ass as he moaned in ecstasy. I pushed Levi's ankles back to change the angle my cock was taking going in. I pulled out again and plunged all the way in this time. Levi was moaning loudly as I started going faster and faster.

I was placing short slow plunges in between the hard and fast plunges, going deep in his ass and rotating my hips. I told him to grab his knees and keep them spread as I started fucking his ass hard. He was starting to yell loud again so I covered his mouth with my hand, stifling his yells. I told Levi, "I am fixing to cum, I am going to fill your ass."

I removed my hand to let him speak, "Fill me with your cum, please fill me up. Fuck, I love your fat black cock."

I started piledriving his Levi's ass, driving hard and deep, then short and shallow as Levi groaned as I plowed into his ass, pushing my whole cock in and I started cum. Levi yelled again and I covered his mouth again, filling his ass with my cum. Levi started licking my hand as he came down from the euphoria of having his ass stuffed. I pulled Levi close and rolled us over again, letting Levi lay on me, with my cock still in his ass.

As my cock softened it pulled from Levi's ass with a pop. Levi slid off beside me with his leg across my abdomen. We fell asleep in that position. I was awakened by Levi sucking on my earlobe. Levi said, "I have given a lot of blowjobs but never would I allow anyone to fuck me, I was saving that for someone special. I definitely saved my virgin ass for the right person. I knew when you sat in my section you were the one I wanted to take my anal cherry."

I replied, "You sure know how to make a man feel special. I am so glad you let me have that cherry and that it was so enjoyable for you. Hopefully we can get together again but I think we need a shower."

We headed for the bathroom, I got the water ready and we both entered the shower. I took the rag, soaped it up and started bathing Levi. I started on his face and worked my way down, not missing a spot, going all the way down to his feet. I pulled Levi under the shower, getting his hair good and wet. I got a squirt of shampoo and lathered his head up really good.

When I finished Levi stepped under the shower to rinse away the shampoo. He got the rag, soaping it up. He stepped up to me and starting on the top of my head washed me. Levi moved slowly and thoroughly over my body, working his way down my front and back. Levi washed my balls and cock going under my balls to the crack of my ass. He stepped around me, washing the cheeks and crack of my ass.

Levi continued down, washing both my legs and feet. Levi stood up and pulled me into the shower spray to rinse. We stepped out, drying off as I told Levi I needed to carry him home. We headed to get our clothes, as we dressed Levi told me again what a great time he'd had and he was so glad I had been gentle with him to start.

Levi said he needed to brush his hair and headed for the bathroom. When he returned he walked right up to me, bent his head back as I leaned down and kissed him deep. We finished our kiss and I pulled back directing him out the door to the car. He climbed in the passenger side as I got in the driver's seat. Levi started telling me about himself, college student on break for the summer, he got tired of Canada and decided he wanted a warmer place so he headed south.

It was dark when we drove up in front of his place, I got out to open the door for him. I pulled him up to me letting him take the lead. He leaned back against the car and pulled me to him. He stood on his tiptoes and pulled my head to his and kissed me deep and hard. I stepped back and he headed for his apartment telling me not to be a stranger. He also said he'd be working in the morning.

As I was getting back in the car my phone beeped. It was Hosea saying, "The additional things you wanted are all stored away. If there are any other needs or questions I am at your disposal."

A hunger pain hit me, Levi and I had a busy afternoon and hadn't eaten. I texted Ian asking about a good place. He replied everywhere would have a huge wait. Ian said he was a pretty darn good cook himself, he saw steak in the frig earlier, and he would get some vegetables to go along with supper. He also said Bruce had a fantastic outdoor kitchen.

As I waited on Ian I answered a few text and made some calls. Ian came through the door telling me what a great rub he had for steak. He went to the frig, getting the steaks, asparagus and corn then he headed outside. I followed him out, as he got the grill to temperature he turned and took off his shirt and shorts. He had on a neon Green thong. I excused myself and headed for my room.

I bought a new square-cut suit that was made to order for me using a semi-sheer material, solid Red with White thin strips. I changed quickly and headed back out, Ian looked at me and let out a whistle of approval. Ian told me to sit and he'd serve me as he handed me a beer. We drank and talked as Ian prepared our meal. He fixed our plates, he handed me mine and sat his down.

We ate and talked, telling each other our life stories. Ian was right, his cooking was excellent, as good or better than any I had tasted. Ian got up, took my hand and led me to the hot tub. I sat back and Ian sat down crossways with his tight ass in my lap. Ian turned my head, placing his lips on mine and gently sucking on my lips. He asked, "Are you expecting any company tonight?"

I answered, "No, I should be alone tonight?"

He said, "I am available to keep you company, you know I made a promise to Bruce."
