 After Zeke left David and I were just relaxing beside the pool and my cell went off. Ian wanted to know what I was doing. I told him David had finally gotten here and we were just cooling beside the pool. He asked if we had plans for the night and I told him not really. He asked if we wanted to go do something and maybe get a bite to eat. I asked David and he agreed. I told him sure, Ian said he'd be at the house at 7 pm.

Ian arrived promptly at 7 pm. I introduced him to David and we sat down to decide what we wanted to do. Ian said Bruce had a boat, we could use it, tour the intercoastal and then eat at a nearby restaurant/bar. The restaurant/bar has a surprise show every Saturday night and David and I were going to participate. He said we needed to change clothes though. Ian headed to our rooms as we followed, going thru our closets and drawers. He laid out our clothes for the night, linen slacks, a dress shirt, dress boots, and thongs.

We got dressed and Ian said we needed to go by his house just for a second. He made a call while we headed to his house and told someone on the other end to get Bruce's boat in the water and full of gas. Ian was in and out of his house, dressed a lot like us. Ian put the directions to the marina in the GPS and we talked as we drove.

We got to the marina and Ian led us to the boat, a cabin cruiser. We climbed aboard and Ian maneuvered out. He said we were just going to cruise the intercoastal since it was getting late. We took turns piloting the boat as Ian pointed out the sights. We went up and came back, enjoying the ride. We tied the boat up at the dock and Ian made another call telling whoever he was talking to we were done.

We got back in the truck with Ian giving directions. We got to the private club that was a restaurant/bar and pulled up. There were maybe a dozen vehicles already. Ian said it a mostly locals place, no tourist, all word of mouth advertisement. Ian told them we wanted a seat beside the stage. We were sat down and read the menu written on the chalkboard.

Me and David got Low Country Boil, Ian got Shrimp and Grits. It came out pretty quick, we devoured the food. As the waitress was cleaning the table the owner came out telling everyone the kitchen was closed and the show would start in a few minutes. The staff started scurrying about moving tables and folded out a long part of the wall. It folded out into a 20 ft by 10 ft stage.

The owner took the stage again explaining tonight would be amateur male strippers. He went on to say they had some music but if the participant had their own that was fine also. The music started as a young man from the audience stepped out onto the stage swaggering to the wall and started the dance. The club had really filled up with mostly men and taken on a party atmosphere.

This went on and on until the owner stepped up and Sexy Back started. The owner introduced the guest as highway patrol officers, David and Clayton. I an got up pushing David and I up on stage. As David and I started dancing the crowd started crowding around the edge of the stage pushing the tables back.

David and I danced, following each the others lead and started stripping, letting the guys around the stage help us. When we got ready to remove our slacks we each pushed a guy to his knees and let him unbutton, unzip our pants and remove our boots. We took their hands in our hands pulling them to our waste to remove our slacks. We each put a foot on their faces and pushed them back.

Others took their place as we stepped forward pulling their faces to our baskets. We continued working the crowd as the guys were stuffing bills in our underwear. Sexy Back started to end and Hot In Here started. David and I stepped from each side into the crowd, I felt a hand go deep in my shorts as I moved thru the crowd.

We worked our way to the back, each grabbing a guy and worked our way back to the stage pulling our lucky pick with us. We each took a chair and placed them back to back pushing the guys into the seats. We each grabbed our choices head and stepped forward pulling their mouths to our abdomens letting them lick and suck.

As the song ended we pulled the guys to their feet and grabbed their asses. The owner stepped forward and said we were the winners of a free meal. He handed us a coupon and told us to follow him and we could get dressed. We got out clothes, followed bob the owner to a small room. David and I both were cleaning out our shorts, I found a $50 bill with a sticky note on it with a name and number stuck on it deep in my shorts that said, "Text me, I loved the show. Rex"

David had $175 and I got $210. We got dressed and rejoined Ian. Ian was so excited when we got back to him. Ian said everybody in the place wanted to jump our bones. David looked at Ian and said, "I know the one I'd like to jump my boner!"

David reached behind Ian palming his small sweet cheek in his big hand. Ian looked up at David and smiled his sexiest smile. David looked at Ian saying, "I been watching your sweet ass all night and I want it. I hope you can stay the night."

Ian replied, "I was hoping you'd ask but I need to go by my place and get my work clothes."

We got to the truck, me driving, Ian in the middle and David riding shotgun. David turned to face Ian, pulling his mouth to his. David pulled away, telling Ian to sit in his lap. Ian sat in David's lap facing me, David pulled Ian's head to his neck, lets Ian nuzzle on his neck. David said, "I love your soft lips on my neck, show me what you can do with them. Lick and suck, keep it up, do it."

David dropped his hand to Ian's waist and started to unbutton his shirt. He slid his hand in Ian's shirt taking one nipple, then the other, in between his fingers, rolling and tweaking them as Ian moaned. Ian leaned his head back against the window as David traced up between his nipples, to his neck, around his chin, and into his mouth. Ian took them in his mouth sucking them noisily. 

David said, "Bruce asked you to help us any way you could. I got something I really need help with."

Ian said, "I am the man for the job, I can help, no matter how big."

I was running my hand up and down Ian's legs. We drove in at the beach house and I turned off the truck. Ian slid out of David's lap and I pulled his mouth to mine. I slid out of the truck, turning to face Ian. Ian slid out and I grabbed him, tossing him over my shoulder. I headed for the house hitting the remote door opener. I sat Ian down on the island as David stepped forward and started removing Ian's shirt. He unbuttoned Ian's pants, unzipped them and slid them down as Ian raised up.to help 

David pulled Ian forward placing his ankles around behind his back and pulled Ian tight to him. David started toward the bedroom. David sat Ian on the bed as he looked at him saying, "Undress Clayton and I."

Ian turned slightly to me and started at my waist, unbuttoning my pants, then my shirt, pushing it off and grabbing the waist of my slacks and sliding them down. He turned to David doing the same. David crawled into the bed stacking the pillows behind him. David placed a hand under Ian's chin making him face him and said, "I think you like a man to take charge, is that correct."

Ian replied, "I love a man that takes charge."

David replied, "Get to work boy, you will deep throat my cock while Clayton fucks that ass. My fat black cock will open you, even more, when Clayton is done. Now suck my cock."

Ian went to work, starting with his tongue out and David's cock resting on it. Ian took David's cockhead in his mouth closing his lips around it. Ian started washing David's cockhead with his tongue as David told him to take more. Ian slid down on David's cock, taking about 4 inches and stopped. David said, "Did I tell you to stop? Continue on."

Ian continued down taking about 6 fat inches and slowed again. He had reached his gag reflex. Ian pulled off a bit and tried again unsuccessfully. David said, "I know you want to please me because that's just who you are. Make the next try a good one or I'll have to help you."

Ian pulled off a bit again and had to stop at the gag reflex. David placed his hand on the back of Ian's head and told him, "Try again."

Ian pulled off and took a breath when he started down David assisted him in getting by the gag reflex and all the way into his throat. Ian took the whole 10 inches, with help. While David's cock was plugging into Ian's throat David said, "You done well but you need to be able to do it by yourself to show me you love my big black cock. I would hate to tell Bruce you didn't do as he asked."

David removed his hand and Ian remained down on his own, with his mouth and throat full of David's cock. I started working on Ian's ass. I used 2 fingers to loosen Ian's ass up. David handed me a bottle of lube to ease my entry into Ian's tight ass. David looked down at Ian saying, "Get to work. Worship my big black cock."

Ian started going up and down on David's cock as David talked to him telling him how good he was doing. I crawled on the bed and spread Ian's knees further. I slid up placing my lubed cock against his puckered pink hole. I pushed and Ian groaned as David pushed his head down all the way pushing his big cock into Ian's throat.

Ian stayed down on David's cock as I started working my cock into his ass. I slowly filled his ass, rocking my hips, pushing my cock further and further until I was balls deep. Ian pulled off David's cock and said, "Oh fuck, use me, fuck me!"

David got a handful of Ian's hair and started fucking Ian's mouth and throat. David worked his fat cock into Ian's mouth all the way letting him enjoy it. David and I got into a good rhythm, rocking Ian back and forth on our cocks. I slapped Ian's ass telling him, "You got the groove Ian, keep it up, back and forth."

David said, "I can feel my cum building, I want you to swallow it all, don't lose a drop."

Ian groaned as David started shooting his cum into his mouth and throat. David finished shooting and Ian keep sucking his cock. David patted Ian's head saying, "I got another load for you, turn around, I want that ass now."

Ian turned around between David and me, me still on my knees and David on his knees now. I pulled Ian's mouth to my cockhead and lay it on his tongue. Ian groaned with passion, David pushed his cockhead into Ian's hole as I pushed my cockhead into his mouth. I stopped at the back of Ian's mouth and David fucked hard into Ian's ass pushing Ian down all the way on my cock.

Ian stayed down with my cock buried in his throat as David fucked his ass hard and deep, rotating his hips when he was in completely. I patted Ian's head asking him he wanted my cum in his belly with Ian's. Ian pulled up and said, "I absolutely want all your cum in my belly along with David's."

Ian took a breath and went back down on my cock on his own. Ian was fucking his mouth with my cock. David was fucking Ian's ass hard as Ian sucked my cock. I told Ian I was fixing to cum and he swallowed my cock and stayed down while I shot my load down his throat. I reached under Ian taking a nipple with each hand. I squeezed them as David fucked his ass deep and hard, filling it with another of his loads.

Ian was groaning loud as David fucked his ass. David leaned down and told Ian, "I am fixing to cum Ian, I am going to fill that ass with my hot black cum. Here it comes Ian."

David groaned and started shooting another huge load in Ian's ass to match the one in his belly. I pushed Ian's shoulders down on the bed and sat down on his upper back. I pulled started slapping the cheeks of his ass, tracing his crack from start to where David's cock was penetrating. Ian was yelling how good it felt having us working in and on his ass.

David shot his cum in Ian's ass stayed in letting his big black cock soften. David pulled out and leaned over to kiss Ian's ass cheeks. I climbed off Ian and lay beside him as David lay on the other side. We lay there together David and I massaged Ian's ass and back. We eventually fell asleep and slept until Ian's alarm went off. He had to work so he hopped up and got a shower. Before he left he came in and kissed us both bye.

When we got up we decided we were going to do some shopping and people watch. David and I had been there about an hour when who did I see but Robert and another guy. Robert was really looking good, shorts, sandals and a nice t-shirt. I walked up to Robert and said hello. I reminded him who I was and introduced David. Robert introduced his friend Josh and told us to call him Rob, all his friends did. We walked and talked for a while and I told them I was hungry and asked if they wanted something.

Josh said he'd take a rain check, he had to get back to work, as he walked off. Rob took us up on the invite. I asked Rob to pick somewhere quiet where we could talk. He gave directions as I drove and we talked. We arrived, went in, and found a seat in a 3 person u-shaped booth in a back corner. We sat, David and I on the outside seats and Rob on the inside seat. We started by telling Rob about ourselves and our jobs. I asked if he had a girlfriend and he said no.

He asked about us and David told him woman really didn't interest us, we liked men. Rob smiled and said that was fine with him. I slid further in on my seat and David took the clue and slid in also. I opened my legs and placed my knee on his leg. I took Rob's hand in mine and asked him he'd ever been with a man. He said he had in high school and a few in college.

He also said he had never really had a serious girlfriend but he did have a serious boyfriend once. He said things just didn't work out so he put all his attention into his job. About this time the waitress came up to take our orders. We ordered and she left. David took Rob's other hand and said, "Clayton has been telling me how sexy he thought you were the first time he met you in the parking lot. He loves dark-haired, thin, solidly built guys with small tight asses."

David and I each took a hand and placed them on our legs, holding them there. Rob looked at us and said, "I think you guys are really hot and I appreciate the compliment but I don't know you."

I looked at Rob and said, "Ask your questions, what do you want to know? We are will tell you everything you want to know. I just want to tell you also you smell so good."

David and I started telling Rob about us. We both attended different colleges and met after joining the highway patrol and became really good friends. We both have made love to women but realized we preferred men. David loves gingers and I don't really care. We both slid closer to Rob as Barbara, the waitress, started coming with the food and a guy from the kitchen helping her. 

Rob pulled his hands from our legs as they sat the plates down. The young man, Finn, smiled, sat mine down and hesitated longer than needed before leaving the table. As we ate and talked we answered Rob's questions. We finished and Barbara came around to return my card and clear the table. Barbara told us she was leaving but Finn would be checking in on us.

She left and I dropped my hand to Rob's leg. I looked at him and asked, "How are you feeling about us. I am definitely the good guy but David is all bark and no bite."

He said, "I am feeling better but I have one more thing I am a little apprehensive about. I have never been with a black man before but I have heard about how you are hung."

David placed a hand on Rob's leg and said, "What you have heard is true, at least with us two, but we will not make you do anything you don't want. I think you'll love it, every guy has."

About this time Finn walked up, he laid 3 coupons on the table in front of each of us. Finn asked if we needed anything else and we all said no. I asked where the bathroom was and he pointed me in the right direction. I picked up my coupon and went to put it in my pocket. There was another piece of paper behind it with a telephone number that said, "I'd love to get together with you later guys later. Give me a text, Finn?"

As we were going back to the truck Rob asked if we could drop him off the get his vehicle and he'd follow us. We got back to the shopping center, found his ride and he got out. I got out also and told him I'd ride with him so we could talk. Rob agreed, we got in and started to the house. While we were riding along I lay my hand on his knee and asked him he was comfortable.

Rob said he was feeling much more at ease. I told him if needed we could go by his place and get anything he thought he might need. He said that was probably a good idea. I texted David and told him we were making a quick stop and we'd be there shortly. Rob pulled in at his place and we got out and went in. He said there were drinks in the frig if I wanted anything.

He stepped in his bedroom as I followed, standing in the doorway drinking a bottled water. Rob came to the doorway to exit the room, I turned sideways, placing my hand on the other side, as he tried to squeeze thru. I stopped him looking down and telling him as I leaned down to kiss him, "I think we need to get this out of the way."

I kissed Rob softly, running my tongue around his lips, as he moaned. He put his hands around my neck pulling my head down further. Rob pulled his head back looking at me and said, "I am feeling much better, and I really like both of you."

I kissed him again and said, "I am so glad of that, we want you to have the time of your life, finish gathering your stuff."

He squeezed on by and went to the bathroom and gathered a few more things. He had the outfit he was wearing, another clean one, some shoes, a swimsuit suit, and toothpaste and toothbrush. I told him the property had complete privacy once we entered clothing was entirely optional if he was comfortable with that.

He came to me, standing on his tiptoes, pulled my mouth down to his and kissed me. He pulled back telling me he was ready. We went back to his Jeep, me driving this time. We started toward the house and continued our talking. Rob said he was still nervous about us using his ass. I told him preparation was the key but there would be some uncomfortableness initially but that would pass pretty quick.

Rob said, "Thank you for being honest! I did find out from my other experiences and I have no gag reflex."

I looked at him, smiled and replied, "That's great, that is one less barrier we have to get by."

About that time we pulled up in the drive and I entered the code to get in. The gate closed behind us, I said to Rob as we pulled around, "See, just like I said, complete privacy."

I got out and walked around as Rob got out. He reached in the back seat and got his bag. I threw his bag over my shoulder, I took his hand and led him inside. I showed him the bedrooms, and bathrooms before leading him outside. David had already put some beverages on ice and got his suit on. I told Rob he could change clothes anywhere, it was totally up to him. He took his bag and said he'd be back.

I followed him in and went to my room to get my skimpiest suit, a thong. Rob returned wearing a pair of really sexy floral Squarecuts. I asked him if he wanted something to drink, he came over and got a Corona. I dropped my hand to his ass felling it gently. I dove in the pool as he walked around looking. I said, "The water is nice, come on in."

He set down his Corona and dove in, coming up in front of me. David came down the steps toward us as I pulled Rob to me. I took Rob's legs in my hands and placed them behind me as I pulled him up to me and kissed him. David stepped up behind Rob as he jumped, surprised by David's presence. David started kissing Rob's neck, Rob laid his head back and David kissed his lips. David went back to Rob's neck as Rob came back to my lips, sucking my tongue.
