 I closed the car door behind me, took a deep breath, and whispered, "What am I doing?"

My mind had been racing all week, and I found it possible to focus on work.

All I could think about was that cock from last weekend. Part of me felt weird. I was now someone who had made another man cum, and that was a big deal. But I mostly thought about how hard the dick was, and the thrill of doing something so taboo.

After a long time, years really, of thinking about it, I had finally connected with someone through Craigslist. A few beers helped with the courage, but I found someone right down the street who was looking for a very discreet guy for a hand job. 

I responded that I wasn't looking to get off myself, I just wanted to give. I also laid out all the rules which I needed to be comfortable- no talking beyond a "hi", no eye contact, no touching other than his dick, and nothing but a hand job. 

He agreed, and I walked into his unlocked door.

I found him, as planned, sitting on his couch with his basketball shorts pulled down, and his cock out. He must have already started because he was hard as a rock and some pre-cum glistened on his tip. I nearly backed out of the door at the sight, but years of curiosity drove me forward. 

I sat down next to him, and without thinking any further, reached out and gripped his shift. He leaned back, and closed his eyes. I pulled up and down for maybe a minute, and he started to move his hips around and breathe faster.

He moaned, then I could feel his cock grow even more.

"Uggh," he grunted as his cock pulsed.

A thick stream of cum shot straight up, then landed on my hand. I kept going, and four more shots came out and flowed down my hand and wrist. I panicked, jumped up, and ran out the door.

Looking back on it now, I had to laugh. What was I expecting? How many times had I beaten off? Of course there would be cum. I was only curious about cock, and didn't think about what I would do when he shot his load. I guess I assumed he would tell me, or take over. I hadn't prepared to have someone else's seed on me.

I jumped down his stairs and marched down the road back to my place. My head was spinning, but halfway there I realized I still had the cum all over me. I stopped and looked around, and saw a bush. I grabbed some leaves and furiously wiped. 

"Yuck! Never again!" I said.

I washed my hands when I got home, then went to bed. I jerked off once. Then again. Then another time. My cock stayed hard as I thought of what I had done. I was repulsed, but intrigued.

That was pretty much my week, and now here I was.

After days of thinking about, I wanted to try again. I couldn't get in touch with the same guy, so I got back on Craigslist. 

I didn't find anything that fit, most guys were looking to get fucked, or suck cock. That wasn't me. I'm not like them, I told myself.

There was one post about the rail trail hiking park near me. It said a lot of guys meet there and head off into the woods. I thought about, and said what the hell.

I started down the trail, and realized I had no idea what to do. I figured the guys wouldn't hang out near the busy entrance, so I went down a smaller side trail that seemed empty. I passed a few people, and wondered if they were there for the same reason as me. 

They mostly smiled and kept going, so I assumed not.

"How would I know?" I asked myself. I continued to a remote part, and hadn't seen anyone for quite a while.

"I like this trail. It's quieter than the others," a voice said behind me.

My chest tightened, and I struggled to say, "It's nice."

He laughed. "Nervous?" he asked.

Still not sure if this guy was just conversational or not, I said, "No reason to be." I was starting to feel uncomfortable/

"Are you going to turn around?" he asked.

I looked down and saw my shorts stretched out due to my throbbing erection. "Ugh no, I'm fine. I was just leaving."

He stepped closer, and was right behind me. "Straight guys are so funny. You come here for a reason, then you lose the nerve," he said.

"Yeah, I guess."

"So tell me, if you were staying, what would you be into?" he asked.

"Ugh, I don't know. I did give a hand job once, kind of wanted to again."

"Really? How boring. You came all the way out here to give a hand job? A nice ass like that, and you think a guy wants you to do something he can do himself."

I took a step forward, and said, "I think I should go, we aren't looking for the same thing."

I heard clicks, which I would later become familiar with as the sound of a lube bottle opening and closing. "I guess I have to train another one."

"Huh?" I asked, and started to turn.

Before I could, he shoved his hand down the back of my shorts and stuck the tip of his finger up my ass.

"What the fuck!" I yelled. I jumped up and tried to pull away, but he wrapped his other arm around my and held me there.

"Just enjoy it," he said.

"Ugh, no way!" I winced as he pushed through my sphincter. He had lubed his finger, but the friction burned and I wasn't prepared for the feeling of something in my hole.

I struggled a little more, but he held me in place. He pushed his finger in to the second knuckle, and starting wiggling it.

My eyes bulged and my knees buckled. What the hell was he doing? I struggled to breath. I had never felt anything like this. I was still in shock at what was happening, but it was amazing.

My cock grew even harder and felt like it was going to tear its own skin. I stopped struggling as waves of pleasure flushed through me. He had found my prostate, and tickled it until I could barely hold myself up.

If I had any sense of my surroundings, I would have realized I was in a public park, in the middle of the day, and out on the open with a man finger fucking me.

I felt I had to resist, so I said, "please stop, I'm not into this," between moans.

"Oh please. I saw it on your face the moment you drove in. You pretend you are only experimenting, but you want to be a dirty fuck."

"No," I whimpered as I again started to slump before he pulled me back up.

He kept rubbing the right spot, and my sack tightened. I could feel a load of cum stirring, wanting to come roaring out. My cock twitched over and over again, and I nearly passed out.

I can't be cumming, I thought. He hasn't even touched my...

Everything went black and my balls pulsed over and over as a huge load of warm cum shot out of my dick. It covered the inside of my shorts, and pressed against my stomach and flowed down my legs.

Shots of pain came from my hold as my sphincter contracted with each cum shot, squeezing his finger tight.

My knees gave out, and he lowered me to the ground. I was in the middle of the trail, on my knees and elbows with my ass up in the air with cum all over my front and a sore, lubed butt hold.

"Nice one," I heard another voice say.

"Yeah, look at the cum flowing down his legs," another voice said.

Who the hell was that? I thought. But I had no energy to look.

"He'll do just fine," I heard the first guy say. "He said he was coming here to give a hand job."

They all laughed, and one of the new guys said, "Well it looks like he wants more than that now."

The first guy slapped my ass, then hooked his fingers in my waist band.

I kept my head down, it was still spinning from the most intense orgasm I had ever had.

He pulled my shorts down, and I heard one of the new guys whistle, and say, "Nice. Virgin hole."

"Huh?" I asked. This was so new to me, and not what I had prepared for, that I didn't realize they thought I wanted to fuck. "I already came," I managed, wondering why my shorts were down.

"I don't want your dick," the first guy said, and I again heard the click of the lube bottle.

My eyes popped open as I realized what was happening. "Wait, what the fuck..."

Before I could finish I felt his legs against mine as he mounted me. There was no foreplay, or gentle preparation. He thrust his hips, and rammed his thick cock into my lubed but tight ass hole.

"AAAAHHH," I yelled. 

He put his hand on my back, and held me in position.

"Ooooh fuck is this a good hole," he said as he nearly pulled out, then thrust back in.

It felt like he was going to reach my stomach. I could hear the other guys laughing and cheering as he picked up the pace and started going all the way in.

"UUUHHHH," was all I could manage. My hole was being torn open, and there was a burning sensation where his cock stretched me open. His head reached the deepest part of my hole, and each thrust made me wince and clutch my hands together.

"Is he yours, or can we have a turn?" I heard one of the new guys ask.

The owner of the cock taking my virginity laughed, and said, "Both."

He kept fucking me, and there was still plenty of pain, but I started to at least get used to it. I was able to pick up my head, and look around. I only saw the other guys' legs, as I couldn't turn my face up to see their faces. I then saw their shorts slide down, and they kicked them of with their feet.

I then though to what he had said-" both." He was offering them to me. I had no say, they didn't bother to ask me. He took ownership of my ass, and I had lost all control.

And to my horror, it started to feel good. Really good. He must have been really fucking me too, because I could hear his balls slapping against my ass.

My cock got hard again, and I could feel it sliding along my cum soaked shorts as it grew.

I then thought of how humiliating my position was. A stranger, I had still not seen his face, had made me cum and was now fucking my ass. I was in the middle of a trail, and acting like a complete whore. I was a pretty big guy, I could have fought back if I really didn't want this, but I didn't.

My thoughts were interrupted by a tap on my shoulder. I turned to my left, and a thick, hard, black cock hit my cheek. "All yours," the guy said.

I was still struggling to take the dick in my ass, so it was hard to respond.

The guy fucking me slapped him ass, and said, "I forgot to tell you, this straight guy has never sucked cock!" He thrust harder with the word cock, and I wince as pain shot through my bowels. He must have been eight inches long, and he had all of it in me.

His thrust pushed me into the guys cock, and he put his hand on the back of my head and pulled himself in.

He thrust hard again, and I yelled, "Ahhh."

The black guy shoved his dick in my wide open mouth, and my lips wrapped around it.

I gagged, he was long and was already in my throat. But it wasn't the head of his dick in my throat that made my stomach turn. It was the pool of pre-cum I tasted.

It seems funny to think now. I had a dick in my ass and another in my mouth, but it was the cum that made it seem real. I was sucking a dick. I had tasted a man's cum. I wasn't curious, I was a cock loving whore.

I have up all attempts at pretending I didn't want this, and grabbed his dick. I had never thought of sucking, and didn't think of how I would do it, but I just got right into it. I guess I was born for this.

Using the rhythm of the guy fucking my ass, I slobbered up and down the throbbing black dick. I massaged his shaft, and cupped his balls. I had to have those! I pulled his dick out and lowered my head, taking each one of his balls in my mouth.

"OOOHHH fuck," the guy said. No way this guy hasn't had dick before, he's too good."

"Yeah, and his ass is fucking awesome!"

"I want some of that too, man."

"Sure lets switch."

The both pulled their dicks out, the head in my ass left with a "plop." I felt so empty, my hole was practically begging to be filled again.

I saw the dick in front of me, and at the last second I thought about how that had been in my dirty hole. I paused for a second, then said "fuck it," and opened wide.

The black guy thirst into my ass, and pushed me forward onto the first guys cock. I could taste my filthy hole, and my stomach again turned, but I kept going. I was a submissive bitch, and this is what my master wanted.

"Ughh, slobber on that filthy cock. There is nothing this guy won't do."

The dirty talk and the dick ramming in and out of my ass were too much, and my dick exploded for a second time. The cum pooled on the dirt trail, with drops of lube and sweat from my first gangbang.

The black guy picked up his pace, and I struggled to keep the other guy's dick in my mouth. I opened my lips wide around it so I could breathe, but he just pushed in further.

"Oh fuck, I'm cumming!" The guy in my ass said. I again didn't bother to protest, I was way past that. He grabbed my hips and thrust so hard I fell forward and the other guy's head pushed through the back of my mouth and into my throat. 

My eyes watered and I struggled. I was stuck there. The dick in my ass pulsed over and over, and I felt the warm juice splatter my insides. 

Oh my god, a man had just cum in my ass!

He stopped thrusting, and his dick started to soften, he pulled out and I could feel his cum dripping down my sack, joining the pool of filth under me.

The guy in front of me pulled his dick out of my throat and held the back of my head.

"Take every drop," he said.

I eagerly awaited his load. I was determined not to waste a drop. If I was going to do this, I was going to do it right and impress my master. To think just days ago I panicked when a guy's cum touched my hand, now I was about to have it dripping out of both ends.

I gripped his sack and massaged it. I could feel his balls tighten, and his breathe pick up.

"Oh god, here it is," he said.

It was much more forceful than I though. I usually shoot a little, then drip. This guy shot stream after stream against the roof of my mouth, and cum filled my cheeks. He continue to pulse, and I kept my lips wrapped tight. I fought the urge to gag. I needed to make him happy.

He finally let out the last drop, then pulled his dick out. I looked up and saw him for the first time. 

"Swirl it around, taste it," he ordered.

I moved my tongue around, letting the cum slide over it and soak on my taste buds. It was so warm, and the texture was strange, but I made sure not to gag. I even kept my eyes on his as I opened my mouth and showed him his load.

"Nice, now swallow it."

I closed my eyes, and obeyed. The warm goo slid down my throat, and filled my belly.

The black guy held his dick in front of me, and said, "here is some more."

I looked back at the first guy, who nodded, then I licked him clean of my filth and his cum.

"Don't forget back there, it's going to waste," my master said.

I reached back and slid my finger into my gapped hole. I wiggled it around, and scooped out as much cum as I could. I then rang my finger along my hanging sack to get some more.

I licked my finger clean, and heard a round of applause.

I looked around and saw at least six guys with their shorts down and hard dicks pointing at me.

My master nodded to me again. I looked at the crowd, and said, "next."