 I had that dream again. The one where I'm being chased down and ripped apart by wild animals. I knew where it stemmed from. It doesn't take a genius to figure out why a street kid would develop a reoccurring nightmare like that. It was bothering me because I hadn't had the dream in a long time and now it was back. It was back when I was in the safest place that I had ever been. I was sleeping in the arms of my lover. Nothing was going to hurt me. Nothing could. Anything that tried to get me would have burst into flames from the amount of heat that Eric put off. The man was a sleeping space heater. I was sweating bricks. Never in my life have I enjoyed or wished for cold weather but I was at that moment. Anything to give me some relief from the oppressive heat that was my boyfriend. 

I carefully tried to extricate myself but gained no advantage. He just gripped me tighter in his sleep. I tried to take a deep breath but it felt like I was breathing under water. I was pretty sure that I was going to die of a heat stroke. I gave up trying to be nice and just tore myself out of his arms. He whimpered like a wounded animal. The sound brought back flashes of my dream and it made me heartsick to hear it coming from him. I crawled over his sleeping form and snuggled up behind him, on top of the bedding. He seemed to settle back into peaceful slumber as soon as I had my arms wrapped around him and the open air on my back cooled me off dramatically. I was able to fall back asleep, this time playing the big spoon.

Eric jerking awake woke me. He grumbled a bit and turned over on to his back, pulling me into his arms. I rested my head on his smooth chest and drifted back to sleep. 

I woke again to Eric caressing my back. "Bad night, Baby?" he asked.

"Hot," I explained, not having any desire to share my personal demons. "You put off more heat than a bonfire."

He chuckled. "I know. Sorry about that."

"Don't be," I told him, kissing the silky skin under my head. "I'll appreciate it come winter."

"How are you feeling?" he asked.

"Good." I snuggled closer into him.

He responded by wrapping his arms around me. "Throat better? Ass ok?"

I nodded against his chest.

"Good." He chuckled when I looked up at him. "You're a mess, Rain."

I grinned. "I'm not surprised. You're a little bit of a mess yourself." I told him, picking dried cum off his chest.

"You made a mess of both of us last night."

"Are you complaining?"

"Not in the slightest. That was the hottest thing I've ever seen," he replied. "I loved watching you come like that. I think we'll have to do that more often. A lot more often."

"I'm not going to argue with that," I assured him. "What are we doing today?"

"There's a guy coming by to pick up a piece that I did for him for a tat and then the night is yours," he told me.

"All mine?" I smirked and latched on to the nipple that was proving too tempting to pass up.

He hissed as I rolled the nub between my teeth. "If you start that now I'm going to finish it and I don't think Bishop will appreciate waiting around for me to fuck you senseless before he gets his flash."

"Hmmm." I sucked on his nipple for a second longer before I released it. "Bishop? Long brown hair, drives a Harley?"

"Yeah. You know him?"

"Knew him," I replied. "Once upon a time. Couple of years ago. Just not a name that you forget, ya know?"

Eric looked at me oddly. "Tell me that you didn't."

"I didn't," I told him. But I had. I hated that I lied to him but I rationalized it by the fact that the truth would make Eric jealous, possibly destroy his friendship with the guy, and I doubted that Bishop was going to divulge my secret. 

It happened at a very low point in my life when I was willing to trade favors for favors. It was winter, I was homeless, and Bishop had a couch and a serious hard-on for blowjobs. I stayed a week. He was a decent guy. He was never mean to me but I couldn't stay. He was totally straight but had a girlfriend who refused to suck his dick. He wasn't going to throw me out and he was too weak to pass up the availability of my willing mouth. The guilt of what he was doing was tearing him up and I took the first opportunity to move on. I hadn't seen him since. It appeared as if that was about to change. I wondered if Eric would get suspicious if I hid in the loft.

"I'm going to take a shower and then make us something to eat," Eric told me. "Are you back on solids now?"

"Oh yeah," I crooned, reaching under the sheet and fondling his semi-hard cock. "Solids." It twitched in my hand and I grinned at him.

He squinted at me. "Do you always wake up horny?"

"Only when I wake up with a stunningly gorgeous man in my arms."

"How often does that happen?"

"Once, so far." I grinned. "I'm hoping for lots more in the future."

He chuckled. "We'll work on that." Then he patted me on the butt in a dismissive manner. "As much as I would love to take advantage of your mood, Bishop should be here soon. I need to make some attempt to look presentable. At the very least, wash the cum off my body."

I sighed dramatically and flopped over on the bed to let him up.

I checked out his body while he got out of bed and walked to the bathroom. He was magnificent. He wasn't built up like Arnold or Stallone. He was leaner, less bulky. But he wasn't skinny, like me. He had all this definition. I could see all the muscles ripple just under his skin as he moved. All the guys that I had seen naked, or partially, had a layer of padding. Eric didn't have that. He was rock solid and gorgeous. I had time to wonder what he did to make his body look like that while I lounged around in bed waiting for my turn in the shower.

"Biscuits and gravy ok with you?" Eric asked as he came out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around his waist.

"Hell yes," I replied as my stomach rumbled its opinion loudly.

Eric smirked at me and glanced over my naked body, still stretched out on the bed. "I know what I'd rather have." He eyed me lustfully. 

I spread my arms. "I'm all yours."

"Don't tempt me," he leered at me. "Or Bishop will get a show that he hadn't bargained on."

I sighed and reluctantly got off the bed to shower.

When I got out of the shower I realized that I had left my stuff in the car. I could hear voices downstairs and assumed that Bishop was already there. I pulled on my jeans and the white dress shirt that Eric had been wearing the night before. It was huge on me. I looked like a kid playing dress up but it was better than my own shirt.

I walked down the stairs quietly but I didn't go unnoticed. Bishop looked up and smiled. "Rain. Long time."

"Hey Bish."

He hadn't changed a bit. He looked exactly like I remembered but it had only been a couple of years. His long hair was pulled back in a single braid down his back and he was wearing faded blue jeans and black leather jacket. He was the epitome of a biker. 

He greeted me by clasping forearms and tugging me in for a shoulder bump. "Are you living here?" he asked, looking back and forth between me and Eric. I could see the question in his eyes. He was trying to figure out if I was doing favors for Eric.

"Nah. I have my own place," I told him.

"That's great," he grinned but he was fidgeting and rolling his shoulders back, shifting from foot to foot.

"How've you been?" I asked. "How's... I forgot her name." It was a lie. I knew her name. I was really good at remembering names and faces but I didn't like her so I was being a dick.

"Mindy?" he asked. "Oh man. I dumped her ages ago. Right after you split. That chick was cold, man. Couldn't keep a chick around that wouldn't touch me, ya know?"

"Yeah."

"I'm married now," he said. "Got a kid on the way."

"That's great, Bish." I grinned. "Congrats."

"Thanks, man," he smiled and then turned serious. "So why'd you bail, man? I just came home and you were gone."

I shrugged. "I was in the way. It was better."

He shook his head. "You didn't have to do that. It was cool."

"Your food is getting cold, Rain," Eric interjected quietly with that bored look on his face.

During the entire exchange between me and Bishop, Eric stood there glancing back and forth between us, I'm sure, taking note of Bishop's obvious discomfort with me. He was still a nice guy but his body language was screaming loudly enough for the neighbors to hear it and Eric wasn't stupid. He also wasn't happy.

"Yeah. Ok." I was being dismissed and I took the hint. "It was good seeing you," I said to Bishop.

"You too, man," he replied as I walked back to the kitchen.

From the kitchen I listened to them finish up their business and say their good-byes while I wondered what it must feel like to have something that you conceived of and created permanently inked on someone's body. Eric really could cook. I scarfed down some amazing biscuits and gravy. It was the good stuff with lots of pepper and chunks of sausage in it. It wasn't overly healthy but good southern food rarely is. 

Eric strode into the kitchen, grabbed me by the back of the neck and took possession of my mouth. He kissed me with a degree aggression that I had not forgotten that he was capable of and it made my toes curl. During the kiss he used his tongue to push a pill into my mouth. It was the size and shape of an aspirin but tasted a thousand times worse. With as bad as it tasted, it could only be one thing.

"You lied to me," he growled as I took a sip of coffee to wash down the pill.

"I know," I admitted. "I'm sorry."

"Don't do it again."

"I didn't know what to do. I didn't want you to get jealous over something that meant nothing and happened years ago."

"I would rather be jealous than be lied to," he told me.

"Last time you got jealous you spanked me," I pointed out.

"What do you think I will do to you for lying to me?" He arched his eyebrow. The implied threat caused my breath to hitch and my dick to get hard. Eric smirked. "I think you just enjoy me punishing you."

The skin of my face heated in shame. I didn't know why it embarrassed me but it did. "I didn't know that he'd be so fucking obvious about it," I grumbled.

"This is cute." Eric tugged on the front of the shirt I was wearing. 

"I hope it's ok," I said. "My stuff is in your car."

"Strangely enough, I like you in my clothes," he replied. "Did you eat?"

"Yes." I grinned. "It was really good. Thank you."

"I'll go get your stuff," he offered and turned to leave the kitchen.

"Eric?" I stopped him. "What did you just feed me?"

"X." 

I nodded. That's exactly what I thought it was. "I thought you didn't do drugs."

"I said that I don't smoke pot," he corrected me. "I never said anything about other things. I prefer my inebriating substances to be white." He paused. "Or red."

"You do realize that I'm just going to throw up everything I just ate, right?"

He just smirked at me and went to get my clothes. I sighed. I hated wasting food. I was glad that I'd remembered to bring a toothbrush.

While I waited for the ecstasy to kick in I cleaned the kitchen. It was only fair since Eric had cooked. Afterward, I stepped into the cavernous space of the warehouse and looked up to see the curtains pushed all the way open, forming four black columns. I went upstairs and found Eric reclining on the bed, naked, slowly jacking his hard cock. 

"You started without me," I smirked.

"Took you too long," he husked.

"When did you take it?" 

"You were in the shower," he replied through his clamped teeth. "When he got here."

I chuckled. Bishop's behavior suddenly made more sense. "No wonder he was skittish," I said, watching Eric continue to pleasure himself.

"Why?"

"You're popping X and I come out of your bedroom wearing your clothes." I grinned. "Probably freaked him out."

Eric huffed a sarcastic laugh. "Fucker needs to keep his dick off what's mine."

I squinted at him. "Seriously?" 

"Yeah," he responded. Then he moaned as pre-cum started leaking out of his slit. He smeared it around his swollen cockhead. "You gonna just watch or you gonna help?"

I had been fascinated by what I was witnessing but I snapped to it and started stripping.

"Leave the shirt on," Eric ordered.

I already had it unbuttoned but left it on and climbed onto the bed wearing nothing else when something Eric said occurred to me. "Is this Bishop's shit?" I asked.

"Yeah," he confirmed. "Why?"

"Well fuck," I sighed. "When I knew him, his shit always kicked like a Clydesdale."

Eric chuckled. "That's what makes it fun."

I groaned. "I'm going to puke my guts." I straddled Eric's thighs and let him continue doing all the work. Watching him stroke off was insanely fucking hot and I was as hard as steel and hadn't even touched myself. "How long can you keep doing this?"

"Long time." He was still gritting his teeth and his pupils were completely blown. He was x'ing hardcore. "Fucking touch me."

I gripped his wide shaft, below his own hand, and matched the speed that he was using. After a few seconds of both of our hands on him, he let me take over completely. 

"Come up here," he commanded. "I want to suck your cock."

I shook my head. 

"Did you just say no?" he asked, incredulous.

"You're grinding your teeth. I'm not putting my dick in your mouth."

"I won't bite you."

I snorted. "You bite me all the time. Your teeth are fucking sharp. I'm not taking the chance."

"I won't bite your dick," he argued.

"How do you know?" I shot back. "When was the last time you gave head while x'ing?"

"Never," he admitted.

"There you go."

"Fuck!" He bolted up and tackled me, pinned me to the bed, and sucked my hard cock into his mouth. I guess one did not say no to Eric.

He milked my cock like it was the source of all life and, when I shot my load into his very receptive mouth, he pushed my legs up and attacked my hole with the same ferocity. He licked and sucked and nibbled and tongue fucked me until I surpassed the point where I should have died from unadulterated pleasure. Then he reared up on his knees and lined his throbbing pole up with my entrance.

"Lube!" I shouted.

"Fuck, Rain! You're wet as fuck," he groused.

"Don't care," I panted. "Want to be able to go again later. Need lube. Please Eric."

"Shit," he grumbled but reached for the nightstand and slathered a copious amount of lube on his cock before pushing it inside me. I didn't pay attention to which one he'd used but I knew it soon enough. After a few seconds the unnatural heat started burning through me, adding a whole new level of sensation to the already glorious relentless pounding he was giving my eager fuckhole.

I was climbing again. He hooked his elbows under my knees and lifted my hips up off the bed. His dick was so big that it always put pressure on my prostate but the change in angle had his cock slamming into it on every thrust. I couldn't survive the onslaught. 

I was climbing and climbing. I had passed the point of no return but I needed something. I had gone so far beyond my normal peak that I was sure I was going to actually die. 

"Fuck, Rain," he moaned. "Come for me, Baby. I can't... I'm gonna... Fuck!" His head fell back and he roared out his orgasm as his cock swelled and pulsed inside me, giving me the push that I needed. I came so fucking hard it was as if my soul was being ripped out of me. He came down on top of me like a felled tree, thankfully, catching himself on his elbows before he smushed me. 

"Fuck!" I shouted. "Get off me! Get off me!" I scrambled for purchase, trying to get out from under his weight. He moved slowly, too slowly, he rolled to the side, freeing me.

I bolted to the bathroom and barely made it to the toilet before I tossed my breakfast. The drug hit me so hard that I didn't even care that I was throwing up. Once I'd finished emptying my stomach of everything that I had eaten in the previous month, I stepped into the shower and washed myself, inside and out. Eric's shower stall wasn't very big but he had a removable shower head. I had never seen one before I met Eric and I tended to stay in his shower longer than strictly necessary, playing with it. I, eventually, got out and brushed my teeth. I stared at myself in the mirror for a while and decided that I needed some eyeliner.

I came out of the bathroom to find Eric in pretty much the same place I had left him, with his head toward the foot of the bed, playing with his cock. He wasn't serious about it like he had been when I first came into the bedroom. He was just playing. 

"Feel better?" he asked.

I grinned. "I feel fucking amazing."

He smiled. "You look fucking amazing too." He swung his feet around and sat up. "What do you want to do today, Baby?"

"Well, let's see," I said, knee walking across the bed toward him. I straddled his lap and wrapped my arms around his neck. "I'm tripping balls with the hottest guy on the planet. What do you think I want to do?" I captured his lips for a scorching kiss.

We were both panting when he broke off. "Go dancing?" he asked.

"Hell yes," I smirked.

"It's a little early for that," he informed me. "What do you want to do until then?"

"What time is it?"

"Two-ish."

"Take me out, Eric," I begged. "Otherwise we'll do nothing but fuck all day."

"You say that like it's a bad thing," he chuckled.

"Only if I want to be able to walk tomorrow," I said. "I'm all for it but I need some breaks in between."

"Ok," he grinned. "Break time."

After Eric took a quick shower to wash off the dried sweat and cum, we dressed in jeans and t-shirts, and he took me to Trader's Village. It seemed like an odd place to go but it was great fun. We couldn't be affectionate at the huge open-air flea market since it was full of rednecks and hicks. Wearing all black and the small amount of eyeliner that I had on was enough to get us stared at. If we had been the slightest bit touchy-feely we probably would have gotten lynched.

We played with the puppy-mill puppies and goofed around being silly. Eric had the need to stop at every single booth that sold anything resembling a blade, which was only about a hundred or so. I shopped for clothes. I was always in desperate need of clothing and, normally, I was forced to scrounge what I could at garage sales and thrift shops. The flea markets were too far away to get there on foot. I found some good stuff that actually fit. I was happy. I also found a pair of cowboy boots that I wanted. I thought Eric was going to have an aneurism, he was laughing so hard. 

Eric was Goth but I wasn't. I could dress and act the part but I was just as comfortable in western gear. The cowboys had always been good to me. They were harder on my body than the business men at the hotel but they tipped. They were also more likely to want to bottom. I hadn't been hitting the C&W bars because I had lost my last pair of boots when I was living on the streets. Eric could laugh all he wanted, they were a great deal so I bought them. I now owned three pairs of shoes, which was the most I had ever had at once. 

After I paid for the boots Eric informed me that break time was over. I had to agree completely. I would have stripped down right there and let him take me on the picnic table if it wasn't for the fact that I wanted to get out of there alive. The anticipation, with some help from the ecstasy, had my turgid rod in my hand as soon as we had cleared the parking lot.

"Oh fuck yes, Baby," Eric breathed. "That is so fucking hot. Are you going to come?"

I shook my head, chewing on my bottom lip, and scooted down in the seat enough to give Eric a better view. I should have been more concerned about him paying attention to the road than to me jacking my cock but I wasn't. I wanted him watching me.

We made it back to Eric's in what seemed like record time but then, once we got there, he strolled inside like he had all the time in the world. He was temperamental, which I already knew, but the drug was making him even more inconsistent than normal. By the time he moseyed his way up the stairs, I was already naked and had resumed stroking my cock. I needed to come and I was going to do it with or without him.
