 AUDIT TIME

Roman informed Freddie that he was coming to Key West with an accountant to check on his investment. Freddie informed Thai who promised that Roman would be pleasantly surprised. Business had also taken a new turn and they now had lesbians and some straight women and men as customers. The hair product companies had supplied the shelves to stock their products along with posters and leaflets advertising the items. The salon had really taken shape and the guys were as busy as possible. There was discussion about adding another stylist.

Because they were so busy, Freddie asked if they could do the audit on a Sunday. Roman agreed and they would all have dinner together Saturday evening. When Roman arrived, he was overwhelmed with the progress and the appearance of the salon. Freddie explained how busy they had gotten and that they were thinking of hiring another stylist. Roman insisted that it be a woman which left Hector and Bryce out of consideration.

Before they went to dinner, Roman got a tour of the salon and the upstairs apartment. He loved the entire setup. He was also pleased to meet the pretty Asian, Thai. Roman immediately liked Thai and he would make it a point to fuck the young beauty in the near future. That evening the five of them had a wonderful dinner at a great seafood restaurant. Roman and his accountant stayed at a hotel that night and they all met the next day. 

On Sunday after breakfast, Barron the accountant, met with Thai in the salon. Roman decided to sample the lovely asses that he so dearly missed at home. First it was Freddie and then Denny. Roman knew that Denny's ass would get him fired up and he saved it for his second ejaculation. Barron was not gay so it was all business with he and Thai. After the audit Barron made his report to Roman with the others present.

"Roman, this place is in great shape and an absolute gold mine. Thai really knows what he is doing and has the place running smoothly. He is a good asset manager and makes timely deposits and investments to maximize the return."

Everyone was thrilled with the findings. Roman encouraged them to keep doing what they were doing and follow Thai's financial advice. He told them to keep investing the money and when the time came he would take his share with interest. At the rate, they were going they should be able to buy him out in 2-3 years. They were also encouraged to hire another stylist, maybe two, and it should be female.

There was plenty of room for two more stylist's chairs. Freddie said he would advertise for the stylists beginning Monday. Barron and Roman departed for Miami leaving the three elated partners to celebrate. Thai had lunch with them and then it was time for another threesome. Neither Freddie or Denny had cum earlier when Roman fucked them and they were hot to trot. They were both anxious to fuck Thai again and he was just as anxious to feel their cocks in his ass.

They began with Denny fucking Thai who in turn sucked on Freddie's cock. Denny came quickly in the sweet Asian ass and once again he filled the rectum with a huge load. Freddie moved quickly as soon as Thai's ass was available and he too dumped a huge load into the already overflowing rectum.

Thai then got to fuck Denny as Freddie offered up his cock to be sucked clean. Thai came quickly and then he was fucked by Denny and Freddie a second time. Thai then got to fuck Freddie and afterward the three of them were ready for a break. The cuddled in the big bed and their naked bodies pressed against one another. They were a beautiful sight with their sweet naked bodies on display. It did not take long before they were ready for more action.

Denny wanted to fuck Thai standing up. He stood behind the lovely Asian and slipped his cock into the curvy bottom. He had his arms wrapped around Thai's smooth body as he kissed the nape of the sensuous neck. Thai felt very erotic and his little dick stood out from his abdomen. They looked beautiful together and Freddie had to get in on the action. He dropped to his knees and took Thai's erection in his mouth.

It took Denny much longer to cum this time but he was in no rush as he loved fucking the curvy derriere. Thai however came while Denny was fucking him and he filled Freddie's mouth with a creamy discharge. His sphincter tightened around Denny's cock and then he felt the liquid shoot into his rectum. Using his sphincter, he gripped and released the spurting cock several times. Denny gradually eased his pecker out of the shapely bottom and fingered it briefly. 

Freddie wasted no time as he was hard and ready to fuck Thai again. He got behind his business partner and filled the sweet ass one more time. Denny knelt behind Freddie to fondle his ass, finger his anus and caress the ball sac. Thai's smaller cock was still hard even though he had just cum in Freddie's mouth. Freddie fucked the Asian hard and fast and the three of them could hear the hips slapping against the buttocks. Thai liked the feel of Freddie's small tits and hard nipples pressing into his back

His ejaculation happened quicker than expected brought on by Denny's sensuous caresses. Freddie leaned into the smooth skinned body, wrapped his arms around the lean torso and buried his face in Thai's neck. His cock spurted and his semen joined the previous loads in the well-used chamber. They separated and then the three of them cuddled again in the large bed. They were sexually sated and drained from an afternoon of marvelous sex. Later they showered, dressed again and had dinner together before Thai left for home.

A CRAZY WEEK

Monday morning found both pretty gays naked in bed as usual. They were cuddled together in the spoon position as they had done so many times. They had rotated several times throughout the night but at that moment, Denny was behind Freddie. His cock was hard and tucked into the crack of Freddie's bottom. He was fondling Freddie's titties again, something he had learned to love doing. Freddie reached back and guided the stiff dick into his ass and they moved slowly as they loved to do. Once again, Denny felt as if he could be fucking a girl as he played with his lover's titties and tweaked the nipples.

Freddie was still taking female hormones and Denny was convinced that the breasts had gotten a little bigger. He continued to fondle the cute breasts as he slid his cock in an out of the lovely ass. Denny then slipped his left arm under Freddie and held the tits in in left hand. His right hand then went for Freddie's cock and he masturbated his lover as he fucked him. 

It was great morning sex and surprisingly, Freddie came first. Denny felt the cock pulsate as it discharged and shot semen into the bed. Denny kept stroking the spurting cock until it was just oozing cum onto his hand. He then picked up the pace in search of his own release and within minutes he was shooting his load into the receptive ass. Freddie used his sphincter to squeeze and milk the cock dry. He loved the feeling of his ass full of cum and cock. They rested coupled together for a few minutes.

"Freddie, when I fuck you like that, I feel that I could be fucking a girl in the ass. You are so pretty, effeminate and you have those lovely small titties."

"I love being fucked that way and I do feel very effeminate with you. I bet you could fuck a girl in the ass too."

"Have you ever fucked a girl?"

"Yes, but a while ago, before I knew I was gay. Now I want to be fucked like a girl." 

"I don't know if I could do it with a girl. Maybe if she only liked it in the ass. I don't see myself fucking or eating pussy."

"I understand, let's shower together. I want to fuck you in the shower this morning."

The two lovers showered together, washed each other's body and once again Denny loved washing Freddie's tits. Freddie turned Denny to face the shower wall and fucked him from behind. He gave Denny a reach around and jerked him off as he fucked him. Both lovers came before the water turned cold and then they dried off, dressed and had breakfast. They both had appointments at 10:00 AM.

Thai was already in the salon when they arrived at 9:30. They got everything ready and waited for their appointments. Thai made up a poster "Now Hiring Female Stylists" and put it in the window. He was hoping the word of mouth would attract some qualified stylists. If not then they would advertise in the newspaper. It was a busy day and Freddie and Denny worked 7 of the 8 hours that day. They did have some good news as one of the lesbian clients said that they she knew of two female hair stylists who were unhappy with their current employer. She would let them know that the salon was hiring.

Thai told Freddie and Denny that would have to pay well to lure the girls to their salon. They agreed and were prepared to pay the girls 50% of the revenue they brought in, that is if the girls proved themselves as quality stylists. They discussed the upstairs apartment and decided not to rennervate it in the event they expanded the business even further. Thai had thoughts of making it a full-service salon complete with massages, manicures, pedicures and facials. 

That Monday evening, they did a lot of brainstorming and planning for the future. Things were moving rapidly and if everything worked out they would be a very prosperous salon. The three of them had a light dinner, another round of threesome sex and then called it a night.

On Tuesday, another busy day for the stylists, Thai received a call from a female stylist. She told him that her friend mentioned they were hiring and they wanted to meet with the owners. They agreed to meet after 6:00 PM that evening. The three of them interviewed the two female stylists and they were pleased with their attitude. 

The two young women in their mid-twenties were Sam and Danni, short for Samantha and Danielle. They were attractive girls although obviously gay which fit perfectly with the salon. The girls were glad to hear that the three guys were gay too. Thai laid out the compensation offer and the conditions of employment. Denny kept looking at Danni as she could easily pass for Freddie's sister, she was small breasted, with great legs and a killer ass. At least it looked good in her snug jeans. 

It was agreed that the girls would begin work in 10 days, a week from the following Monday. In addition to the salon being closed on Sunday, they would have Monday off. Monday was the slowest day and they didn't need four stylists. The girls had regular customers who they were sure would switch to the new salon in time. 

The remainder of the week was fairly routine. Freddie and Denny were busy every day. They were starting to see visitors to Key West as walk ins which was great for business. Thai estimated that 90% of the clientele were gay. The rest were some locals but mostly vacationers. 80% were male and 20% female but that would change once the girls were on board.

Thai made up a customer satisfaction survey form which also asked what other services the salon should offer. All the responses were positive about the hair styling and most would like to see massages, the women voted for manicure and pedicure, no surprise there. It was good feedback but they would wait at least a year before expanding the business. 

By the end of business on Saturday the three of them were exhausted as usual from the busy week. They called out for pizza and Thai joined them. Later they had threesome sex which had become the norm on Saturdays. Thai always went home afterward and Freddie and Denny slept naked together. They loved sleeping in on Sunday and having morning sex.

That Sunday morning, Freddie was behind Denny in the spoon position as usual. He stirred first and then began playing with his lover. His hand dipped down and he ran his fingers through the soft pubic hair. His fingers lightly caressed the testicles and ran over the soft cock. Denny began to stir and then he realized that Freddie was already awake. His cock stiffened under the soft caresses and he felt Freddie's erection press into his bottom.

Freddie reached over and retrieved the lube from the night table. He lubed his cock and Denny's anus. Next, he eased the cock into his lover's ass and began to fuck him slowly. He wrapped his arms around Denny and hugged him close as he fucked him. Denny felt the small boobs pressing into his back as their smooth skinned bodies came together. Denny always loved the morning sex like this he savored the feeling of their naked bodies coupled together. 

Freddie soon ejaculated into his lover's receptive ass and let his cock be massaged by the gripping sphincter. Then it was Denny's turn and Freddie rolled to his other side. Denny lubed his cock and Freddie's ass before easing his cock into the sweet bottom. His hands came around and cupped the small firm titties as he slowly fucked the curvy ass. Denny came quickly too and he also left his cock in the rectum to be milked dry. 

They had both managed to cum before taking their morning piss but now their bladders had to be emptied. They relieved themselves, washed up and tossed on nylon shorts. It was overcast and the forecast was for pop-up showers, so they decided to pass on the beach and go out for breakfast. They put on tee shirts and wore flip flops to the coffee house. Not bothering with underwear as they loved going commando. 

At the coffee house they had lattes, juice and pastries. They read the Sunday paper and had a second round of lattes. The skies were getting darker but still no rain, so they stayed at the sidewalk table. They preferred sitting outside and people watching. They often got looks and smiles from other gays but most knew they were an item and didn't sleep around.

"Freddie, remember the other day when I said fucking you in the spoon position was like fucking a girl with small boobs?"

"Yeah, do you still feel that way?"

"Well, what I mean is that it could be a girl the way you feel against me and with me playing with your tits."

"I know what you are saying and I agree. I like being thought of as a girl when you fuck me. That's why I'm taking the hormones, keeping my hair long and developing breasts. Someday, I may even dress like a girl to see what I look like."

"Anyway, that girl Danni that we hired. She could pass for your sister."

"I could pass as her sister too," Freddie joked and they both laughed.

"Are you thinking that Danni is a girl you could fuck in the ass?"

"I don't know but if there was any girl it could be her because she looks like you."

"She is a lesbian although I hear that some lesbians like anal sex and let gay guys fuck them."

"Really?"

"Yeah, they like anal sex but don't want a guy near their pussy. So, gays guys are the natural choice since they are not into pussy."

"Wow, I didn't know that."

"I don't know anyone who has done that but maybe Danni is one of those lesbians who like a cock cumming in her ass."

"Would you fuck her?"

"Probably not but I'm cool with you fucking her if that ever happens."

"Shit, I got a boner."

"Me too, I love getting hard when we go commando. Let's get going, I feel a few sprinkles."

They stood up and left a tip on the table. Their boners were pushing their shorts out and they caught the eyes of a few others sitting outside. They almost giggled as they walked back to their car with cocks poking out their shorts. Freddie got a few stares as his nipples were pushing through the tee shirts. They just got to the car and the skies opened up. The rain came down hard and fast and there was zero visibility. Claps of thunder were heard and it seemed the heavy rain would last a while.

Inside the car they could not see outside and there was no one around their vehicle. Freddie reached over and grabbed Denny's cock. Denny smiled and quickly stripped of his shorts. Freddie went down on his lover and sucked the stiff dick. Probably the discussion about Danni had them charged and Denny came quickly flooding Freddie's mouth. Freddie swallowed the load and then he was ready to have his cock sucked. He too slipped off his shorts and Denny reciprocated. After he came in Denny's mouth and his cock sucked dry, they both put their shorts on and waited for the rain to let up.

"Well that helped pass the time," Freddie quipped. 

"We've never done that before. Have sex in public, in our car."

"I know but it was a good time for it. We weren't going anywhere in that rain and no one was around. I kind of like it."

"So, did I. What are we going to do now?"

"Let's go to the shops and walk around."

"In the rain?"

"It's letting up. We can always duck into a shop if it is pouring again."

They spent the afternoon walking around and going in and out of shops. Late they picked up carryout for dinner and headed back to the apartment. In the course of the light rain their tee shirts had gotten wet and Freddie's cute boobies were somewhat visible through the wet tee shirt. After dinner, it was more love making in their large bed and then they were off to sleep.

WEEKS LATER

Things could not have been better. Sam and Danni had been at the salon for two weeks and they became just as busy as Freddie and Denny. They had brought some of their clients with them but also the number of lesbian customers also increased. The best part of all is that the five of them got along fabulously. On one Saturday evening the five of the them called out for pizza and dined together at the apartment. They were sitting around afterward drinking beer and chatting. Danni then shocked the rest of them when she brought up sex, something they had never discussed until then.

"Denny, you know that Sam and I are lesbians and lovers, right?"

"Yes, sure, I do, why?"

"Well there are times that I swear you are checking me out. Sam noticed it too."

"Sorry, it's just that you have a great looking ass and I think you look a lot like Freddie."

"He's right Danni, you do resemble Freddie, you could pass for brother and sister," Sam chimed in.

"Maybe sisters, Freddie has tits too."

"Have you ever fucked a girl in the ass Denny?"

"No but when I'm fucking Freddie and playing with his titties, I guess that's what it would be like. Especially when we spoon and I don't see his dick. Have you ever fucked a guy?"

"Yes, a number of times before I went gay. I loved anal sex too and I do miss it at times. Maybe we can work something out in the future. That is if Freddie and Sam are okay with it."

"I'm cool with it," Freddie replied quickly.

"Me too, if that's what you want," Sam agreed.

"Great, that's settled but we won't be doing it tonight." 

Sam then spoke up, "Freddie show us your titties."

Freddie stood up and took off his shirt. The cute boobs came into view and the girls couldn't believe how good they looked.

"You have great looking tits Freddie. I can see why Denny says it's like fucking a girl. Yours's are as big as mine. Don't you think so Sam?"

"Definitely, show him yours Danni."

Danni lifted her shirt but just for a few seconds for everyone to get a glimpse of her cute breasts. She was not going to sit around with her shirt off like Freddie. The girls checked the time and decided that they should be going soon. It was supposed to be a nice day Sunday and Freddie suggested they all go to the beach together. The girls and Thai agreed so Sunday would be a beach day. The girls left but Thai was invited to spend the night since they were all going to the beach tomorrow.

After the girls left the three guys got naked and got in the big bed. The three of them were ready for sex as the conversation had stirred their libidos. Thai was placed on all fours and Freddie would fuck him first while he sucked Denny's cock. They always loved the way Thai handled both cocks in the doggy style position. The three of them had great sex as usual taking turns fucking and sucking cock. They were sated and drained by the time they went to sleep in the king size bed.
