 Diego had driven himself home, but it was well into the afternoon when he finally arrived. His wife, Suzanna, met him at the door. "You know I was about to call the police." The light-skinned Hispanic woman was holding a cup of coffee while wearing a bathrobe. She stood at nearly the same height as her husband, staring down the former Master Sergeant.

"I'm sure." 

Suzanna threw her coffee in his face as she shoved her husband inside their mansion.

Diego's hands were trembling. The coffee had not been boiling hot, but the shock of her action was enough to throw him off guard.

"Well, I know you're not above doing some really messed up shit behind my back!" 

After two decades of marriage, Diego was used to her anger. "I apologize." Without another word, he made his way to the bathroom. He looked in the medicine cabinet for his anxiety and pain medications. But when he reached for his pills, Diego made the horrifying discovery: every bottle was empty. "Suzanna, do you know what happened to my pills?"

"I hid them."

"You hid my medications?"

"Yes, I did," she answered in a matter-of-fact tone. Suzanna walked over to a pile of blankets that she then dumped on the floor. "You will be sleeping on the sofa tonight and for the foreseeable future." It was clear she expected her husband to make his own bed.

That night, Diego suffered a seizure. At least he assumed that was what happened. He awoke the next morning wearing clothing soaked with urine. His head was pounding with a migraine, his body shivering with chills.

Suzanna appeared with a breakfast tray containing four Valium pills and a steaming cup of coffee. "Take these. We have a meeting in an hour with a major landowner from Montana. I can't have you looking like trash."

Diego struggled to sit up. Having been left alone in the living room, the night prior, he had drunk himself to sleep. So now the room was spinning.

He flinched as his wife held his hand. "I love you, Diego. You know I don't mean to hurt you. You're all I have." She kissed him softly on his cheek. "Now go make yourself presentable."

Diego took a shower. As the cold water hit his face his eyes filled with tears. This wasn't what he wanted; to suffer through a loveless marriage. But he owed it to her to stay. He'd said his vows before God, and he needed to stand by those vows. He knew her heart was filled with sadness for the loss of their son. His role, as a husband, was to carry the weight of her pain. No matter the cost.

The next few days went by without incident. Suzanna kept his medications in her private safe and doled them out as she saw fit. This was all on the condition that Diego did not leave the house for any reason.

He was allowed on his computer only as needed. Both his phone and email accounts were being monitored. So Diego spent the majority of his time in his home gym, surviving on bottled water, vitamins and protein powder. 

A week went by. Diego was becoming all too aware of the declining state of his health. His only hope for salvation was the fact that his student, Sara, knew his medical appointment schedule. Her boyfriend, Johnny, was a paramedic. Eventually, the young couple would come to Diego's mansion to check in on him.

When Diego took off his shirt to begin on the bench press machine, he noticed a series of mysterious bruises on his stomach. The dark marks were painful to the touch. Had Suzanna attacked him as he slept? He didn't want to consider such a possibility. Diego got on the machine and set the weight. He started his reps, feeling the strain in his muscles when suddenly the world went black.

Diego awoke in a hospital bed. As he opened his eyes he could feel a woman's hand. He instinctively flinched in terror.

"It's me, it's Sara."

Diego breathed a sigh of relief. His student Sara was by his side. Her long blonde hair was pulled in to a ponytail, highlighting her doll-like features.

Johnny stood in the corner of the room. His expression was one of frustration and anger. It was clear he had been the one to comfort Sara as Diego lay unconscious. "We're going to get you out of here. You're going to stay with my cousin Remy for a while." 

Diego nodded. "How did I get here?"

Johnny sighed. "Suzanna wasn't going to let us in the house, but she got a little worried when even she didn't know where you were. She let us in to go search for you, and when we found you in the gym me and Sara: we kind of kidnapped you."

Sara rolled her eyes. "What Johnny is trying to say is, we left without telling Suzanna we had located you."

Johnny pulled up a chair. "Here's what's going to happen; Remy's clinic is recognized as a licensed medical facility by the state..."

"Rain Down Temple is a licensed medical facility?"

"Yes," Johnny continued. "My cousin treats live-in patients, mainly hospice cases, but it's a legal hospital, and he is legally a doctor. I'm going to put in for the transfer. All I need from you is to sign on the line."

Diego agreed. He was taken by ambulance to Remy's clinic. After being placed in a private room, he was stripped of his hospital clothing and given a thick robe to wear. It felt heavy but at the same time warm like a blanket. 

"It's a weighted robe, made from the same material as weighted blankets, used to treat anxiety," Remy said from the doorway. The young doctor was dressed casually in a baggy shirt and sweatpants as if on his way to meditate. With his long dark brown hair hung loosely over his shoulders, Remy looked like a sexy Jesus. "How are you, Diego?"

"I'm good, Doctor. You?"

Remy chuckled. "Doctors work at hospitals, I'm just Remy, man." He was holding a thermos. "Have some tea." Remy took a seat on the bed and poured Diego took the cup of dark liquid.

It smelled savory yet sweet like cinnamon and chocolate. Diego paused, to savor the pleasant aroma before taking a sip.

"It will help cleanse the toxins from your blood. Did the doctor at the hospital say why you passed out?"

"No, I assume the answer lies somewhere in my paperwork." Diego took a sip, then another. "And thank you for the tea, the smell reminds me of something my mother used to make." Diego pursed his lips as tears filled his eyes. "How did my life go so wrong?"

Remy placed his hand on Diego's shoulder. "Johnny told me what happened. Why do you let your wife hurt you?"

Diego sighed, as he finished off the cup of tea. "I don't know what to tell you."

"No one deserves to be stuck in an abusive relationship for over twenty years."

Diego shook his head. "My father told me to never hit a woman, not even in self-defense. It is our role as men to simply understand. And I understand my wife's anger." His eyes shot open. Diego gripped his chest in pain, he was having trouble breathing.

"There's nothing wrong with your heart, it's all in your head."

"Please, I can't breathe."

"You're going to be fine. I need you to trust me."

"Ok," Diego muttered. But what did Remy mean by 'trust me'?

Remy kissed his forehead. "Once the tea takes hold, and your body is cleansed I'll begin the anal massage."

"Once the tea takes hold?" Suddenly the pain in his chest moved to his stomach. The tea was a laxative.

Diego threw off the robe and darted from the bed. He gripped his stomach in pain as he sat on the toilet.

"Just relax," Remy said, standing in the doorway. "Since you weren't given solid food while at the hospital the tea should be sufficient."

"Is this your idea of a joke?" Diego exclaimed.

"Not at all, this is my idea of healing." Remy shut the door. "Clean yourself and meet me back on the bed."

Despite the pain in his stomach he finished his business, washed his hands and splashed water on his face.

He opened the door to find Remy naked. The man's tan skin was softly illuminated by the light of the window. "Lay on your stomach."

Diego was too exhausted to argue. He laid himself face down, resting his head on his hands. He assumed he could sleep through whatever massage Remy had planned. He felt Remy's warm hands on his shoulder, stroking gently down his back. But when Remy's hands reached Diego's ass, he felt the moist touch of baby wipes. He clenched his eyes shut, humiliated at being treated like a child. He felt the wipes rubbing against his skin as Remy thoroughly cleaned him. And then Diego felt something colder, wetter. It was lube. He could feel Remy's fingers inside him, first one then two, massaging his prostate with just the right amount of pressure. He buried his face into the blanket as the deep, intense pleasure emanated throughout his body.

"Get on your knees," Remy's voice was a soft, silky whisper.

Arms trembling, Diego did as he asked. He rose up onto his knees, ass spread for Remy to do with as he pleased. Diego felt Remy's other hand massaging his testicles as they grew heavy with cum. Then he felt lips.

First was a soft kiss on Diego's left thigh, followed by a nibble and then a lick. Remy withdrew his fingers. With both hands, he gripped Diego's thighs.

Diego's elbows buckled as he felt a tongue. Remy was using his mouth to create suction as his tongue probed deep. Diego struggled to remain balanced but, his cock was throbbing. He needed a release. "Please, Remy."

"Please what?" Remy asked as he removed his tongue. He got on the bed behind Diego pressing his hard member to his lover's hole. "Do you want my cock?"

"Yes..." Diego's body tensed. He could feel Remy slip his cock slowly into his hole, going inch by inch. Diego could feel himself opening, his body craving more. 

"I want you to desire me, to feel it through every muscle in your body. I want you to devour me until we become one. Only then will I give you what you want." Remy continued to fuck him slowly, making Diego beg for every thrust. Then he just stopped. Remy began to massage Diego's legs. "You're shivering." He reached under to grip Diego's cock at the base of the shaft. But instead of moving forward his hand moved backward caressing Diego's testicles.

Diego gasped for air, he could feel his knees about to buckle. 

"Just relax, take it all in." Remy moaned, his cock still moving with slow, deliberate motions. He moved his hand slowly up Diego's shaft to the tip, lubing his fingers with pre-cum. "I changed my mind, I want you on your side." Remy pulled out of Diego's ass. He scooted himself up until he was straddling Deigo's face.

As Diego turned his head, the moist tip of Remy's cock brushed against his waiting lips. He grabbed Remy's hips, hungrily devouring him: this was an act of power. It was clear Remy wanted to play games. But Diego was no one's submissive, he wanted to make him come: he wanted to make Remy beg. Diego deep throated Remy's cock, latching on to his lover's manhood with as much strength as he could muster.

Remy took hold of Diego's cock and soon both men were sucking each other off. Whatever Diego did, Remy matched him stroke for stroke. It was as if they were one creature, locked into a continuous loop of intense pleasure.

With one hand Diego gripped Remy's thigh, while with the other he prepared to finger his ass. Diego could hear the young doctor cry out as he inserted one saliva-covered finger, then another. He could tell Remy was close to climax. So close, in fact, he was struggling to keep his mouth on Diego's cock.

"God, Diego, you need to learn to play fair."

Remy's moans inspired Diego to choke down his cock with renewed vigor until he finally tasted the salty sweetness of his lover's cum. Diego shot his load not long after. Exhausted, he laid his head back, as Remy switched positions.

"Hey big guy," Remy whispered seductively in his ear. "I think we could both use a shower."

"I would have to agree."

Remy took Diego's hand, helping him off of the bed. "I want you to look at something." On the door of the bathroom was a full-length mirror. "You know why I have a mirror here?"

Diego looked at their sweat-covered bodies. He had seen the mirror earlier but paid it no mind. "Manscaping?" he asked with a smirk.

Remy chuckled. "Nah, I'm part Hawaiian, so when it comes to lack of body hair, I'm naturally blessed. Kinda like your gorgeous self." He kissed Diego's neck. "But no, the real reason I have a mirror here is to receive positive affirmations." Diego watched as Remy looked in the mirror at his own reflection. "I am a healer, I am a lover, I am a human being worthy of this life. You try."

Diego looked at his nude body reflected in the mirror. But as he did his eyes went straight to his wedding ring. "I-I don't know what I am."

"You're a father to your children both the one in heaven and the one still on earth. You're a soldier, a teacher, a friend." Remy put his arms around Diego, his head resting on his shoulder. "You are worthy of love, but more importantly you are worthy of power."

Diego swallowed hard. He now understood the point of the exercise.

Remy kissed his shoulder. "Will you stay with me? I'll take care of you. I'll love you." He drifted his hand down Diego's chest until it rested just above his limp cock. "I'll teach you how to reclaim your power as a lover and as a man."

Diego closed his eyes and replied with a barely noticeable shrug. He had to admit, the idea sounded appealing.