 This story is about gay sex between consenting adults. All the characters are fictional. Special thanks to "William Burroughs" for his help. I love hearing from my readers so send me a note. - Dre

*****

"Are you kidding me! Look George this remodel is already three weeks behind schedule...I don't care, I'm not going to wait another month to have the counters done. Find some new guys... more expensive? I knew that was coming. Alright, ...tomorrow then, bye."

I was just about to lose my mind. My remodel was taking forever, and all that was left were the counter tops. I had been working on the remodel since my divorce. I loved the house but I wanted to erase any sign of my ex. 

I was almost done renovating every room and all that was left was the kitchen and two bathrooms. The master suite was done. In the backyard I added an in-ground hot tub to go along with my pool and a patio with a bar. My revenge on my ex was that I was going to enjoy my life.

The following morning I answered the door and two men were standing there.

"Mr Jones? We are from Rainbow Stone and Tile. We are here for the job...George called us?" 

"Yes! Great! Come in please...call me Jack...let me show you the job."

The two young men walked in. They were both Hispanic, and in their 20s. One was named Ricky, and the other Juan. They were both about 5'8" or 5'9" with straight black hair and dark skin. Juan had an athlete's build with broad shoulders and powerful thighs. Ricky was more slight but still exhibited the confident strength of someone that had to make a living with his hands. Ricky's hair was cut stylishly with asymmetrical bangs and shaved down on the sides.

I had just taken an early morning swim and I was wearing a bath robe over my speedo. As I held open the door for the contractors, my robe fell open. I noticed Ricky stealing a glance as I pulled my robe shut and stammered something about having just gone for a swim.

I took them into the kitchen and explained the plan for the granite counter tops. As I jabbered away, Juan squatted down to look at where the sink would be placed. I finished talking, and Juan asked Ricky a question about the mounting of the sink. Ricky moved down next to him and gingerly rested his hand on the small of Juan's back.

Having shared my home with an assortment of contractors for the past three month I have become pretty familiar with the "Dos and Don'ts" of tradesman. Touching is definitely a don't.

We moved onto the main floor bath, and I showed the two young men my tile and stone samples. Juan noticed a receipt and asked permission to see how much I was charged for the tile. I said "by all means," and handed him the paper.

Juan shook his head, "If you don't mind, I know we can save you at least 30% on this same tile."

"That would be great! This remodel is already costing me a fortune, any savings helps."

We discussed the details of the job, and both young men struck me as smart, funny, and honest. I was beginning to feel like some good karma was coming around my way.

Ricky and Juan said they would be back the next morning early to start work. It was a Monday and they thought they could finish by the end of the week. I was relieved that I might have an actual working kitchen for the weekend.

The next day the two arrived on schedule. Again these guys were a little different then normal contractors. They appeared groomed, clean and shaved. I even detected a hint of aftershave. Juan was wearing a sleeveless, form fitting, Nike shirt. The shirt left nothing to hide and it was clear that this guy was built like a brick house. 

Although I wanted to stay and drool over Juan, I excused myself, and left for work. Today was our quarterly review, and we were having lunch catered at the office.

I arrived home early to see how Rainbow Stone and Tile were progressing. It was 4:30 and the boys were cleaning up. I had several boxes of left over food from lunch in my car and Ricky helped me carry in the excess food.

Before they left I said, "Hey guys I am going to be working at home tomorrow. I have all this great left over food, why don't you plan on joining me for lunch?"

At first they refused out of politeness, but I insisted. Finally Ricky gave me a smile and said, "Alright that would be nice. And anyway, you're the boss."

By now I was starting to have some unusual thoughts about the Rainbow boys. Recently I had begun surfing gay web sites. I had even participated in a couple of gay cam chats. I guess they were more like jack-off sessions than chatting to be honest. The idea of some man-on-man sex was burning in my mind. And the idea of sex with Juan or Ricky gave me an instant hard-on.

Back in my college days I had a friend who I experimented with. It all started with a few mutual masturbation sessions to taped VHS porn. As we became more bold, we soon discovered that a friend's hand on your hard cock was so much better than your own. Soon we went beyond touching and started giving each other blow jobs. I freaked out after I sucked his cock one night and we kissed afterward. I thought I was becoming "gay." Giving head was one thing but actually kissing seemed so much more intimate.

Now at the tender age of 48 I realized that sexual preference is much more flexible. I regretted not taking my relationship in college further. Being a single divorced man I had no more restrictions. I thought why not explore my bisexuality?

The next day Ricky and Juan arrived on time as usual. As Juan walked in the door I was disappointed to see that he was wearing a regular T-shirt and painter's pants. However I got some new eye candy when Ricky showed up. He was wearing a wife-beater tank top, cut-off jean shorts, and work boots. He looked so hot, his shorts fit tightly, showing off his nice round ass, and his nipples looked rather large and prominent under the thin cotton fabric of his tank top..

I think Ricky caught me checking out his sweet looking bulge in his tight shorts because he gave me a little smile and raised an eyebrow as he entered.

"Good morning Mr. Jack." said Ricky as he entered the house.

"Hi Ricky, how are you guys doing today? You didn't forget our lunch date?" I said, realizing that I said "date."

"Oh no, we are both looking forward to it." Answered Juan as he easily lifted three full boxes of tile.

Around 11:00 I began to put lunch together. I set the patio table and made a pitcher of ice tea. I removed the food from the fridge and arranged it on a couple of platters. There was shrimp, smoked salmon, roast beef, and a number of side dishes. Honestly too much food for 3 people. I warned the boys that lunch was almost ready and brought all the food out to the patio.

It was a beautiful day and sitting in my very private backyard by the pool was a pleasure. Juan and Ricky strolled out, their eyes going wide at all the food.

"Jack, wow, this is a feast! You shouldn't have gone to all this trouble." said Juan.

"Please, sit. Don't worry, it is all left over from my lunch at the office yesterday. My caterer always over does it."

It was a nice lunch, both Juan and Ricky were funny, articulate, and sexy. I discovered that they both left Columbia and received asylum in the US. Both had parents that were killed in the joint US/Columbian "war on drugs." Ricky confided in me that they were both gay, and it was difficult transitioning to American culture. Not to mention that they had no family.

"So what is that you do Mr. Jack?" I laughed at the "Mr. Jack" and asked Ricky to just call me Jack.

I explained that I was the CEO of a marketing company. I could see that they were perplexed by the term, and had no idea what a marketing company does (this really goes for most people). I explained that we helped people grow their business, help with advertising strategy, website, promotions, and other things.

"That's what we need, MARKETING, if we could just grow a little we could buy a new truck, and make some more money." said Juan.

"Yes, it is tough because most contractors don't want to hire two gay guys. They think it's a disease they can catch. We do so much better when we work directly with the customer. Like you Mr. Jack...Jack," said Ricky smiling coyly.

"I think you have a golden opportunity, and I'd like to help. I know that the gay community in town loves to support gay owned business. I can make you a marketing plan, and website that will help you guys get more work without subcontracting."

A little embarrassed Juan admitted, "Thank you Jack, but honestly we don't have any extra cash for a marketing plan."

"No worries guys. You already saved me over $1000 bucks on the stone and tile. I owe you guys. The marketing plan is just my way of saying thanks."

"This is just what I've been telling Juan we needed! Thank you Jack, you are a good person." said Ricky as he jumped up and gave me a big full body hug.

That afternoon I went to work on the plan. I had my web designer acquire a URL and build a web site for Rainbow Stone and Tile. I had just finished a marketing plan for a restaurant run by a lesbian couple, so much of what I did for Juan and Ricky came from the research I did for the restaurant.

As Juan was loading up the truck I came out of my home office to see Ricky bending over his tool box his tight butt looking good enough to bite. I was staring when he stood up and turned around.

Ricky smiled, "Can I ask you a question? Are you a...well you know...a gay person?"

The question and the fact that I had been caught staring at Ricky's ass caught me a little off balance. My gut was to say "no" but then I realized the truth was that I was more than willing to engage in sex with the same gender. I was a single man, screw labels.

"Well Ricky, I don't think that I would say that I am gay. On the other hand, if I met a man I liked I would have sex with him. So I guess I am bisexual, yes bisexual would be the right term."

Ricky tilted his head and touched his hair, "that's good to know."

Ricky left the house and I was rewarded by watching his round ass bounce out the door in tight cut-off shorts. I smiled to myself and definitely felt my cock stir, as I considered our little exchange.

On Thursday I presented the marketing plan to the boys. Standing next to them I ended by showing them their new website on my iPad. This time I got a hug from both Juan and Ricky. They were overjoyed. I proposed that we celebrate their new marketing plan and my finished kitchen tomorrow night with steaks on the grill and some swimming to beat the July heat.

The next day they finished all the work around noon and promised to be back at 6:30 to celebrate. As they were leaving the house both Ricky and Juan stopped at the door. They both hugged me and shook my hand.

Ricky, being the mouthpiece of Rainbow Stone and Tile, held my hand and looking me in the eyes said, "Jack we are so glad that we got this job. Juan and I hope we have made a new friend. You are a good guy and we would do anything for you...and do it happily."

Ricky and Juan left and I headed upstairs for a quick shower. As I dried off I took stock of my image in the mirror. I was a middle age man in my 40s with a bit of girth, but still with good muscle mass from swimming and weight lifting. My best asset was my cock. Flaccid my cock hung at about 5" over shaved full balls. When hard, I am over 9" and very thick. One of my ex's many complaints was that I was too big, but she complained about everything.

A splash of cologne, and a pair of white board shorts that showed off my tan would be the dress for the evening. It had been hot all week and today was no exception. I headed down stairs to prepare for the party.

The boys arrived on time, both wearing flip-flops, shorts and tank tops. Showered and cleaned up, they both looked sexier than ever. I brought them out to the patio and handed them a cold Patron margarita. The drinks disappeared and refills quickly followed.

It was still about 90 degrees out and I told the guys that they should jump in the pool while I prepared the food. I directed them to change in the ground floor bath. Ricky said they were wearing their suits under their clothes. Without hesitation, both Juan and Ricky disrobed on the patio. Juan saw me staring. He winked and flexed his muscles. We both chuckled as I went inside to get the steaks.

From the kitchen window I could see the two wet young men wrestling with each other then splash into the pool. Juan had on a pair of hip-hugger lycra shorts and Ricky was wearing a suit cut so high it was almost a G-string. Both had muscular legs and thighs and nice round firm butts. I could feel myself becoming aroused, but I had no inclination to hide the slight tent forming in my board shorts. I thought, "what the hell, let's see what happens."

I carried the steaks and veggies to the grill and started cooking. All of a sudden my arms were hooked, Ricky on one side and Juan on the other. The two strong young men lifted me off my feet and together all three of us went into the pool.

The gauntlet had been thrown. Lot's of splashing and dunking followed. The three of us each trying to dunk the other, arms and legs wrapped together. Juan was a power house. He grabbed me from behind, wrapping his muscular arms around my waist. I could feel his bulge pressing against my ass. He lifted me off my feat and dunked me. As we both went under water I twisted so I was facing him, standing I used my height to gain the advantage. I am sure he felt my semi-hard cock rub against his torso and legs, but he didn't pull away.

Like a bunch of teenagers, the wrestling in the pool was just a chance to grope each other. I got my hands on the goods as often as I could, and both Juan and Ricky did the same. It was obvious that we were all very horny. At one point In the tussle I was between both Juan and Ricky. I could feel Ricky's hard cock pressing against me and Juan's distinct bulge was pressing against my back. No question that the air was filled with homoerotic electricity and I was hoping that lightning would strike.

The horny horse play in the pool went on for an enjoyable, albeit too short, time. I realized I had forgotten about the food. I reluctantly gave the time out signal, "Whoa...wait...I surrender...I have to go flip the steaks!"

The three of us climbed out of the pool and I noticed that we were all sporting wood. Being the only one wearing a baggy swim suit my bulge was the most noticeable, but again I decided not to hide my manhood.

As I quickly tended to the grill, Ricky stood next to me. His body touching mine, he looked over my should and placed his hand on my back.

"Jack your meat looks so good, I can't wait to taste it." said Ricky provocatively. 

Rubbing my back he continued, "You are in good shape, and I like your tan. Do you have tan lines, or do you sunbathe naked?"

"Thanks Ricky, it is very flattering to get a compliment from such a beautiful man. As for the tan lines...I guess you'll just have to find out for yourself." I said holding Ricky's gaze as we smiled at each other.

"Hey you two, concentrate on the cooking, I'm hungry!" Joked Juan as he toweled himself dry.

I loaded a platter with the food and brought it to the patio table. More margaritas followed as we dug into the food. There was much kidding and laughing. Juan was going on that Ricky had a thing for older men. Ricky's retort was that Juan had no preferences at all, and anything with a cock would do. Needless to say the conversation did little to deflate my swollen cock.

Night had fallen and the temperature finally started to drop. The conversation was mostly of an adult nature, fortunately my backyard is very private. There was a lot of flirting and open talk of both Juan and Ricky's sexual exploits. Hoping to move things to the next level, I suggested that I clear the table while Juan and Ricky go relax in the hot tub. 

I quickly deposited the dishes on the counter. I was going to serve dessert, but decided that the real treats were probably in the hot tub. My hot tub was an in-ground 8 person unit. It was on a slope and surrounded by a juniper hedge that kept it out of the prying eyes of neighbors. 

I could see the changing colors of the underwater lights as I rounded the corner. I stopped in my tracks when the tub came into view. Seated on the apron was Juan, his weight resting on his arms, his head back. This thick hard cock was held by Ricky who was in the water between his legs. Ricky was licking the underside of Juan's cock, working his tongue up and down the length. Juan's cock was about 7" long and very thick, about as thick as a beer can.

Juan opened his eyes and gave me a wink, he said, "Come on Jack sit next me, Ricky will suck your cock too. He's such a good little cock sucker."

With his mouth stuffed with Juan's penis, Ricky looked at me and grinned and nodded as best he could. This was what I had been waiting for. I sat next to Juan on the edge of the hot tub. My cock was now at full mast, straining against my board shorts. Ricky stopped working on Juan, and floated between my legs. He nuzzled and nibbled on my bulge still concealed by my shorts.

Grabbing the bottom of my swim suit in his hands, Ricky said, "Jack baby I can't wait to get your big cock out of these shorts, I knew you were hung like a horse and now I get to see your big cock."

Ricky pulled down on the suit as I lifted myself. When the shorts started to travel over my cock, Ricky slowed down, revealing my rigid member bit-by-bit. My cock is rather large, and Ricky's eyes grew wide as more of my dick was revealed. Once free, my uncut pole sprang back, slapping against my stomach, hard as steel.

Ricky gave me a wicked smile, staring into my eyes the entire time, he licked up my clean-shaven balls all the way up to my tip of my cock head. He purred as he slowly teased me with his tongue. Taking my cock in his hand, he gently pumped my shaft a couple of times, cooing as he stroked.

"Mmmmm Juanito, look at this big, fucking cock. It gets me so hot. This thing is fucking huge. You have to taste it...mmmmmmm...it's delicious." Said Ricky as he pulled my foreskin back and took my cock head into his mouth.

I was in ecstasy and shock. I couldn't believe this was happening, and how lucky I was to be in my hot tub with two latino hotties at the same time. Juan was running his hands from the base of my cock, over my stomach, and up to my nipples. Taking my nipple in his hand he twisted it gently.

"Do you like that?" said Juan.

"Fuck yeah, Juan your hands feel so good. Touch me any way you want." I panted.

Juan had his permission, and he began to suck on my hard nipples. I wanted to have my hands free so I reclined onto a towel, my legs still dangling in the hot tub. As Ricky continued his expert blow job, I pulled Juan toward me. Without hesitation our mouths came together. I pushed my tongue into his hot mouth. 

Making-out with Juan was such a turn on. I don't know if it was the taboo, the novelty, or just enjoying another man, but shivers ran up my spine.

Juan whispered in my ear, "I want to suck your big fat fuck stick too baby."

He moved around so that he was on his knees. Now Juan's hips were by my head. He leaned down to join Ricky, who was giving my cock the best blow job ever. Ricky held my hard rod as Juan licked the pre-cum off the tip. I reached out and grabbed a hand full of Juan's muscular ass. His butt cheek was solid yet soft and my fingers brushed his asshole as I squeezed.

I placed my hand inside his thigh and began to pull him toward me. Without releasing my cock from his mouth, Juan got the message. He carefully straddled my face. Now I was looking straight up at Juan's cock and balls and it was an amazing sight, his muscular thighs on either side of my head, and his smooth shaven package there for the taking. I reached up and squeezed his erection producing a dribble of pre-cum. I hurriedly pulled his cock into my mouth to savor the salty nectar.
