 My name is Raj. I was born in the US into a conservative Indian family. By the time I turned 18 in August of 2004, I had not yet had any sort of sexual experiences. I did find that quite a few girls had taken a liking to me, especially Indian girls, but the fear of getting kicked out of my house pretty much forced me to focus on school and keep away. I wasn't allowed to go to my high school prom, wasn't allowed to go to the mall, no sleepovers. Essentially, it was a pretty boring childhood and high school career. 

Interestingly, this all changed once it was time for college. There were no reputable schools within a 2 hour drive of where we lived, so my parents had the most difficult time swallowing that pill. I was accepted into the state university and was ecstatic. 

One important detail I failed to mention earlier: while I was appreciative of the attention I received from girls, I had always found myself more curious and attracted to older men. Particularly, the old, fat, hairy men that no one else paid attention to. Be it, the gym teacher or the janitor, or just random man I would see somewhere. 

I was a cross country runner in high school and I did competitive swimming as well, so I was in pretty good shape. I was also fairly light skinned, olive complexion, with light brown eyes. Long flowing hair which I parted to the side and a nice even tan. I was happy with my looks, but I desired freedom. 

Freedom came that summer. I turned 18, and my parents bought me a car. Nothing fancy, but it was enough to get me from home to my new school and back. Since the school was 2 hours away, I was able to get an apartment for myself. 

Come September, and it was finally time to start my new life. I was lonely and with my computer and newfound independence, I started browsing through personals ads online. I couldn't tell you how horny I was. I was ready to explode. I never really found anything of interest. 

One day, I found the newspaper on my doorstep and I started perusing through it. Nothing, nothing, then finally, the Miscellaneous ads caught my eye. 

"LOOKING FOR MALE MODELS! MUST BE BETWEEN 18-22! EARN UP TO $10,000!"

Underneath, there was a contact e-mail and phone number for someone named Frank. Not a whole lot of details were included, aside from getting paid to pose followed by etc. 

My hands were shivering as I kept reading it. Curled up on my sofa in my dark lonely apartment, I gathered the courage to reach for my phone and dialed the number. 

A deep, raspy, baritone voice answered the phone. 

"This is Frank.." 

"H-hi, h-hello, hey, I saw your ad in the paper," I gulped, "about male models?" my voice hit a high note with "models". 

"Yeah...how old are you?"

"I turned 18 a month ago-" I stammered.

"We will need proof of that. Along with some pictures. I need headshots, and bodyshots. I want pictures of your ass and cock as well. Send me a picture of your drivers license and then once I look at it, you can send me the pics I requested. Are we clear?"

"Y-yes, sir..." I was terrified. Sir??? 

"Send it to the e-mail listed. I'll take a look and we will go from there." CLICK. 

He sounded like a tough guy. Intimidating to the point where I took out my camera and my license and immediately e-mailed him. 

I was on my toes, waiting for a response from him, and finally got one several hours later. 

"And where are the pics?" 

My heart started pounding as I got naked and went and lay in my tub and began taking selfies. This felt super awkward. But I was horny and there was also the small prospect of earning up to $10,000 which I had seemed to forget. 

I had always kept myself smooth because of my competitive swimming, so it was not unusual for my legs to be completely smooth and hairless. Same with my pubic area. I took several photos. I spread my legs and took a body shot with a great view of my privates. I turned around and took a photo my smooth, bubbly ass. 

The pictures were uploaded and I crafted an e-mail to Frank. 

"Enclosed are my pictures. I hope you like." Fired it off. 

I assumed Frank was happy with the pictures, because he called me not a minute later on my phone. 

"Raj, is it? So are you in school here in town?" He sounded pleased and his tone was somewhat softer. 

"Yes, I just started Freshman year a month ago!" I exclaimed. 

"How do you like it? What's your current living situation? Do you have a car?"

I answered his questions. I followed it up by fishing for compliments. 

"So, what did you think..?"

"I loved them. That's why I called. I've been getting lots of bullshit so don't mind my rude attitude initially, but you look like the real deal. I'd love to set up a time to meet you for a more detailed photo shoot. This is a modeling job and you can make up to $10,000 but that depends on what you are willing to do," he explained. 

"Huh?" I asked. 

"You can take some photos and go home with a couple hundred bucks, or you can do more, like work with one of our male talents in a more intimate manner, and make more money. What I'm saying is, if you let my male talent have sex with you on camera, you will make tons of money! The film gets distributed overseas to Asia and the Middle East. There is a huge demand for this shit and it's a great way for us to profit. You like old men, don't you?!" He asked. 

"I do..but..." 

"Why don't you come by tomorrow evening around 8 pm? I'll shoot you the address. We are about 40 minutes from your school." 

I gulped, "Ok..."

"Great, see you then!" I heard a loud click. 

The next 24 hours were insufferable. I was intrigued by this chance to have sex with an older man. I didn't tell him that this was my first time. It didn't matter. I had watched so much porn that I could probably get away with making them think I was experienced. I picked out an outfit for the evening - my tiniest running shorts and a zip-up tank-top hoodie. I was showered and freshly shaved. I downloaded the Mapquest directions and started driving. Slowly, what little I knew of my surrounding area disappeared and I found myself driving in a very remote and run-down industrial part of town. There was a used car dealership with a trailer mounted up at the center. Apparently, this was the meeting spot. It was dark outside but I could see a few dim lights were on inside. It had to be the right place as there was nothing else around. I was a little scared, but far too horny to let my fear deter me. 

I parked my car and stepped out and made my way up the wheelchair ramp and knocked on the door. The door opened and a large man filled the door way. 

"Hello! You must be our talent for tonight!" the man exclaimed. "You look ravishing!!"

His voice was booming. It was Frank. 

I smiled and laughed shyly and looked down. 

"Well, come on in, sweety!" Frank was very tall and very large. His belly was massive and his thick legs looked like tree trunks. His head was bald at the top. His ears were thick and hairy along with his nose. I looked him up and down and couldn't help but look at his growing bulge under his belly. I saw him licking his lips as he kept looking at me, smiling in anticipation. He cast a very dirty look and I felt apprehensive. 

He put his hand on the lower part of my back as he guided me in. It was small, dark trailer with a dim light at the center. There was a sofa-bed on one side with the bed open and a large sofa on the opposite wall. A small TV sat atop a mini-fridge. A video camera was mounted on a tripod. I was somewhat alarmed to find 2 other men sitting on the large sofa. 

"Greetings!" one of the 2 men stood up, towering over me. He was at least 6'5" and looked to be easily 350 lbs. My 5'10" 150 lb frame looked tiny against his. He was big and black. His head was massive with a white afro and thick white beard. His eyes were bloodshot. His lips were thick and full. 

"H-hi there.." I stuck out my relatively small hand and he shook it before plopping back down. 

These were some of the biggest men I'd ever seen. The other finally got up and strode towards me. 

"I'm Richard, but you can call me Dick, HAHAHA!" Richard was not as tall as the other guy but was heavyset and looked like he played professional football in his previous life. His shoulders were massive and his arms and legs were tree trunks. He was bald like Frank, but he was super hairy and his arms were covered in thick white hair. 

Frank came up from behind me and boldly grabbed me squarely on my ass. He squeezed it and whistled loudly. 

"Mmmm...boys, this is Raj! He just started his freshman year and he tells me he wants get fucked by some old men! 

Deep groans and laughter came out of the other 2 men. I was perplexed, who was I here have sex with?

Frank saw the bewildered look in my face. "Go ahead and get naked for us, baby!" He turned the camera in my direction. 

I stripped off my shorts and then unzipped my tank top as they all ogled at were whistling. I heard lots of "holy shit" and "God damn" and "oh yes baby!!" as I dropped my clothes. 

"Go 'head and turn around and spread those cheeks for us," Frank commanded. I did as I was told and there were more comments from the peanut gallery. I was embarrassed but noticed that as I spread my legs into a V-shape and bent over my cock was hard. I was dripping pre-cum on to his shag carpet. Frank reached out and put his finger in my butthole and I gasped. He pulled out and licked it before putting the finger in my mouth. 

"Mm, that is a soft pussy. Raj, I want you to get on your knees and crawl over to the man you want to have sex with!" Frank commanded. 

I dropped to my knees and immediately began crawling. I stopped in front of the black guy. 

"Bruce! Looks like you are eating Indian for dinner!" Frank yelled. 

I sat up and unzipped his pants and he pulled off his boxers for me, revealing an impressively thick and veiny black dick. I was terrified. I had never done this before and my eyes went wide with fright but then realized the camera was in my face. I grabbed it and started jerking it with both hands as he leaned back and opened his thick legs more. I moved closer and then began licking it and stroking it softly and then using my knowledge from porn, started sucking his thick cock. He groaned and grunted and grabbed my head and forced it down on to his cock. I struggled and choked as they laughed. 

"That's it baby! Mmmm, unnnhhhhh, fuck yeah, baby! Now that's how you suck a dick!" Bruce said. I was encouraged but still scared of what was to follow. 

I worked on him for what seemed like forever. Bobbing up and down while stroking was a lot of work and I commended all the men and women who did this for a living. I grabbed his thick, meaty balls while he reached out and started playing with my nipples. I moaned softly when he did that, but I got used to sucking his big black dick. I forgot what he was planning to do with it. He pushed me off and stood up, grabbed my arms and lifted me up effortlessly and threw me on the sofa bed. I squealed as he got on top of me and started kissing me wildly before moving down to my neck and nipples. 

"Ahhhh, shit...oh fuck...ssss...ahhhhh!" I screamed as he kept going further and further down my body and finally got to my privates. 

"Spread dem legs!" His voice thundered and I opened as wide as I could to accommodate his thick head and neck. 

The force of his sucking was unbelievable. It was like a vacuum. I thrashed uncontrollably and he was making my toes curl and my eyes kept rolling back as I had back to back orgasms. 

"Oh, oh m'goddd...I'm cumming...Oh jeez!!" I planted my feet on his upper back and spread wide. I kept pushing his head back to stop him from making me cum, but it was too late. I had never cum that hard. My legs were shaking as he finished sucking me and then pushing my legs back to eat my ass. 

My hands were holding his head between my legs the whole time. He kept pushing hard with his tongue and grunting and groaning in satisfaction. 

"Richard, that had to be the hottest thing I ever saw, don't you agree?" Frank asked while zooming the camera on my face. 

"Oh yes...did you get a good shot of that ass? Bruce, spread that ass for us so we can take a look." 

I was drained from the monster orgasm, but the real fun was about to begin. Bruce finished eating my ass and then got up and towered over me on the bed. My legs were still open as he pushed them back and held my ankles wide. 

"Grab your legs right here," he instructed me to hold my legs behind my knees. He reached for some lube and lathered his cock which was now shining in the dim light. The veins were popping out and I was terrified as I was about to get fucked by this monstrosity. I was a virgin. He doused my asshole with the lube as well and then got to work, slowly easing his way in to me. 

I gasped. "Relax baby, breathe, it ain't that big...HAHAHA!" he laughed out loud. I moaned and winced in pain as he started forcing it in. I felt my asshole stretching and I could sense the cameras zooming in. 

"Fuck yes...this ass is PRIME!" Bruce exclaimed. He grabbed my ankles and spread wide then pushed my hands out of the way and grabbed me behind the knees and pushed them back almost to my head. I instinctively reached out towards his leg to push back. Not before long, he was pretty much in as far as he was going to get and he reached out and began playing with my nipples as we established a rhythm.

I kept moaning loudly and the old sofa bed was shaking and rattling and loud rattling and squeaks could be heard throughout the tiny trailer as Bruce really got into a fucking rhythm. The initial pain I felt was intense and severe but eventually was replaced by ecstatic pleasure. I kept lifting my hips and gyrating into him. 

I forgot that this was being recorded and was marveling at how well this black man could fuck me. I was a virgin until tonight and gave him my virginity. I didn't even care about the money so much anymore. I wanted Bruce to take me and keep taking me. 

"Unnhhhhhhh, ahhh, oooooohhhh!" I came again, though this was not as big a load as the others. Bruce was sweating profusely and dripping down on to my body as I kept thrusting upwards and into him as he kept plowing me. 

We changed positions and he threw my leg over and said "Let's get to doggy, baby!"

I flipped on to all fours, and he simply rammed it in me this time. I winced and grabbed the sheets tight as he put his leg up and started pumping me hard. He fucked me like this for seemingly forever before abruptly pulling out and grabbing me by the back of my neck. 

"On your knees, bitch!"

I knew he was about to present me with a pearl necklace, so I got down on my knees next to the bed as quickly as I could. He put his foot up on the bed and grabbed my hair and shot a massive load on to my face and I instinctively opened my mouth and swallowed as much as I could. 

"Ahhhhh, FUCK...that's it baby...!!" Bruce bellowed and it scared me for a second as I looked up at him as he showered my tiny face. 

"Ohhhh yes, this here is a slut! A star in the making!" Frank responded. "This was well worth it! I'm gonna get a good shot of that pretty face here!"

I was given a towel to wipe my face and chest and Frank gave me his hand so I could stand. I was somewhat alarmed to find Richard sprawled out on the sofa, stark naked. His cock was hard and alarmingly huge. 

"You know they used to call me Big Dick in the Navy..." he grinned slyly as he stroked himself. 

I was drained after getting fucked by Bruce, but I was ready for more. I catwalked over to Dick and straddled him. He grabbed me around the waist and pulled me close and we made out before he started sucking on my breasts, his lips puckering as he sucked. I grabbed his massive head and he reached down and grabbed his thick white cock and guided it into my ass as I tilted my head back and screamed in ecstasy. 

I looked over and saw Frank had dropped his shorts and was also getting naked. He walked over and grabbed my neck and pull my head towards his cock as well. 

"Why don't you turn around and ride Dick like the good little cowgirl you were meant to be, sweetheart?" Frank suggested. 

I immediately dismounted and turned around and eased myself back on to Dick's cock and he pulled me back and I spread my legs and planted my feet on his massive thighs. Frank stood up on the sofa and shoved his cock down my throat and I felt Dick's big rough hands pinching my nipples and I felt a familiar mouth on my cock. I could feel Bruce on me again.

The camera was still rolling, mounted back on the tripod. My moans and screams of lust were drowned out by the grunts and groans of the three men who were going to take turns fucking me all night.