 The next week, I decided I was going to see Professor White and Jenta once again to earn myself an A in my African studies class rather than just settle for the B in which I had already earned. I emailed Dr. White to tell him that we would meet after class on Thursday. When class had ended I followed him to his office. Dr. White poured himself a scotch and we talked about general current events. 

Professor White stood up and started removing his clothes. When he took off his slacks, his large uncut cock was already starting to grow in length. I once again was mesmerized by his huge balls. When I sucked Dr. White off the previous week, he was sitting down and even though I could tell his balls were huge, I never could see the full effects of their size. Now that he was standing in front of me in the nude, I could tell his nuts were about the size of oranges. 

Dr. White was stroking his big black dick when he said, "I see you have noticed my extremely large testicles. Why don't you sit down and get to know them up close and personal."

I noticed that Dr. White's loveseat in his office was covered with a bed sheet as though somebody was going to be painting. He told me that it was because he didn't want to leave any stains. I sat down in Dr. White's loveseat and he put one leg up on the arm. I reached out with one hand and placed it on the underside of these massive balls. I pulled them closer to me and leaned in for a kiss. I smooched and licked them. I could smell Dr. White's musky scent as he continued to stroke his large dong to life. 

By now, I was tugging with my hands while my face was buried in Dr. White's large smooth balls, giving them a complete tongue bath. I was thankful that he had shaved them to prevent a mouth full of his grey and black pubic hair. 

"Your oral skills are once again top notch, Mr. Lazer. Don't be shy. Be sure you do not overlook the underside of my testicles as well," commented Professor White in his usual technical language. 

I got underneath Dr. White and licked his taint along with his nut sac. His taint was hairy and I had to stop because I got one of his pubic hairs stuck in my throat. I had thought too soon about that hair. After I finally hacked it up, I was really getting into pleasuring this older gentleman's genitals when he turned around and placed his other leg up on the arm of the love seat. Dr. White was now looking the other direction and I knew what he wanted. I started slowly kissing his ass cheeks until my kisses became licks. I was licking all around Professor White's butt until I worked my way to his crack. While I was giving his ass a tongue bath, I couldn't help reaching between his legs and playing with those, now moist from my saliva, huge, hanging balls. 

I had to reposition myself on the edge of the loveseat so I could use my hands to spread Dr. White's ass cheeks. Once I got his cheeks apart, I had a clear view of his butthole. The entrance had a natural lighter ring located around it. I could smell something lemon along with Dr. White's manly smell. I was now thankful of the cleanliness and well groomed effort he had put into his preparation for my pleasuring. 

I rose up and placed my tongue onto Dr. White's butthole and began to lick around it. He twitched a couple of times when my tongue would touch a pleasure zone all the while he continued to stroke his foreskin covered cock. I mashed my face in Dr. White's ass so I could penetrate his hole with my tongue. When I rim a man, I want his hole to enjoy my licking, but I want to eventually fuck him with my tongue. If that man is going to jerk off to my rimming, then I try to stick my tongue as far up his ass as possible when he cums. I knew Dr. White had other plans with his now rock hard ten inch. 

Dr. White turned around and offered that black cock to me. I eagerly wrapped my lips around the head while I and jerked and sucked. With my excitement, I was really working over this man's erection with my mouth and hand. I wanted him to cum in my mouth but I knew Dr. White wanted to fuck my asshole. I had already given him a very good blow job the previous week and he wanted to experiment further. 

Dr. White complimented and warned me, "That feels exquisite Mr. Lazer, but you better slow down or you will be consuming my semen once again. Today, I'm going to deposit it in your bottom." 

He pulled his dick out of my mouth and had me get on my knees on the loveseat facing away from him. I rested my hands on the back of the furniture. Dr. White approached me from behind while he rubbed my saliva around on his big member like lube. 

"I don't believe that is going to be adequate," said Dr. White as he walked over to his desk and opened the drawer.

He pulled out a tube of Astroglide and walked back to me. He squirted a glob of it on his erection and lathered it up. He put that fat uncut cock against my anus and pushed until it opened my hole and slipped his tip inside. It initially hurt and I asked him to hold on until I got used to it. He was gentle and hesitated before he started pumping just a few inches slowly letting me get acclimated to his size while spreading around the lube. He continued pumping slowly but gradually adding more inches until he had all 10 inches inside my rectum. At first I felt very filled up and uncomfortable. 

"Whoa, Mr. Lazer. That is a cozy fit," said Dr. White.

While holding my hips, he started pumping in and out of my asshole. My rectum was gripping Dr. White's cock like a hand. With each thrust, I could feel Dr. White's penis foreskin actually sliding back and forth inside me. After a while, it was starting to burn and I wanted Dr. White to cum. 

Dr. White was using my ass to milk himself like I did with my hand when I blew him last week. 

"Hold still Mr. Lazer, I am about to release my semen. Patience! Patience! Here it comes..." Mr. White snorted.

He pulled back my hips as he plunged his large black dick as far as he could up my ass while he blasted his sperm filled seed. Dr. White's huge balls were pressed up against my balls while he released. He performed short quick thrusts to ensure milking his cock like her preferred. I could feel the first few spurts of cum as it fired deep into my bowels. Just as I thought he was finished shooting, he placed his hands on my shoulders and pulled me back onto his big pole just a little further to make sure he had completely deposited all of it. He stayed still while he continued to moan a couple minutes after he had finished. Dr. White then pulled his at uncut cock out of my asshole. 

I could feel the warmth of his cum squishing around in my rectum when Dr. White walked over to his desk, grabbed a few tissues and started wiping the slime residue off his softening cock. He picked up the phone and called Jenta to let him know I was ready. Dr. White was dressing and within minutes, there was a knock at the door.

Dr. White opened the door to let Jenta, his graduate assistant, into the office. Just a reminder that Jenta is a former seven foot Nigerian basketball player who played for the university with a near 13 inch slender prick (he said it was 32.5 centimeters which is close to 13 inches) that looks like a black cane. Not only is his cock very long and thin, so is Jenta himself. 

Jenta stripped down as Dr. White left the office. I had forgotten just how long his dick was until I saw it again with my own eyes. I was now sitting on the loveseat as Jenta stoked himself. He came up to the loveseat just in front of me and spread his legs while his stroking himself with small hand movements just under the rim of his small cock head. After completely deepthroating that dick last time, I was eager to swallow it again. He stopped jerking off and presented his hard cock to me. I cupped his tight balls with one hand and gently sucked on his long tool for about five minutes. I was performing the "twist and shout" technique while I blew him. That technique is when you spiral jerk the cock while you suck it. I would run my hand up and around the shaft like a red stripe on a candy cane. Jenta lightly rested one hand on the top of my head and let his other hand just dangle off to the side.

Jenta was breathing hard and I was getting a little nervous he would lose his load before I had an opportunity to deepthroat him again. I then used my same grip as last time when I placed both hands on Jenta's ass hand pulled him toward me. His long pole started disappearing in my throat. I didn't even choke this time as I had every inch lodged in my esophagus like last time. Jenta moved his hand to the back of my head and pulled me in even further and that is when I gagged and pulled off. 

"You can't do that or I will choke. Just relax and let me do the work. I promise I will swallow every bit of it," I instructed him. 

I went back down and swallowed all of him once again. Jenta is so tall that he almost had to stoop down for me to deepthroat his dick. I kept sliding it in and out of my throat. I never choked, even though my eyes did water at times. I was finally getting my tempo for a true deepthroat blowjob when Jenta stopped me and pulled his wet, shiny cock out of my mouth. 

Jenta then told me in his thick African accent, "You are about to make me cum and I want fuck you first. I would like for you to sit down on my dick."

I stood up and Jenta replaced me by sitting on the loveseat. His cock was sticking straight up in the air. I knew the lube mixed with the cum Dr. White had sprayed in my asshole would provide plenty of lubricant even though some of it had already started oozing down to my balls. I stood up on the loveseat to lower myself on Jenta, while facing away from him in the reverse cowboy position. He aimed his dick with his hand until my asshole made contact with it. 

Because Dr. White's fat prick had stretched my asshole out, it was absolutely no problem putting Jenta's in me. I eased myself down on his pole. Once I had reached my destination of getting every inch inside me I sat there getting used to the last few inches. After a minute or so, I put my feet up on the loveseat cushions and my hands on the back of the chair. I began to slowly slide up and down on Jenta's hard on as he held on to my hips to help guide me. I stopped for a second and just sat on Jenta's lap as he was completely buried up me. I tried to put my feet back on the floor and ride him but his dick was just too long so I had to put my feet back up on the loveseat to continue. 

When I finally got a good balance and rhythm, I told Jenta to put his hands behind his head and relax as I rode him. I was riding his cock very fast like child bouncing on a pogo stick. He was gyrating in his seat and I knew he was getting close to exploding. His legs were now straight out and his toes were clenched up. 

I turned my head and asked him while out of breath from the bouncing, "Do you want to cum in my ass or do you want me to take it in my mouth like last time?"

"I wish to cum in your mouth again," he replied. "First, I would like you to lay down so I can fuck you on this seat," he added. 

"I'm not sure there is enough room," I responded.

"Sure there is. Put your head on that," Jenta directed while pointing to the arm rest on the loveseat. 

He stood up and I laid down on my back with my head on the armrest. Even though I cocked my legs back and held my knees with my hands, there still wasn't much room. Jenta then climbed over the other arm rest and barely had enough room to put his knees on the loveseat. His long legs hung over the end. I continued to hold my legs back as he guided his long thin cock back into my asshole.

Jenta was so tall that he was able to put his hands on the same armrest that my head was propped up against. At 7 feet tall, he was literally way too long to fit on the loveseat but somehow he made it work. He pushed, until that long cock of his, was completely buried in my rectum. Even though the thickness of Jenta's cock wasn't painful, the length did cause some discomfort when it bottomed out and I would slightly wince. 

Jenta started fucking my ass in long slow strokes, making sure that he was able to slide every inch in my ass. I wanted to him to enjoy putting all of himself inside me without the hassle of having me resist each time he thrust. When we started, my knees were cocked way back beside my head with Jenta's arms on the headrest holding them back. With his knees on the loveseat cushions, he started picking up the pace until he got his fuck rhythm going. For some reason, it still hurt when he thrusted all the way in. 

"I like your ass. It feels very warm encased around my dick," Jenta complimented me while pumping. 

I replied, "Hold on a second. Let me put my legs down."

Jenta stopped pumping my asshole but remained completely submerged inside me. He lifted his arms and I put my legs down but kept them up off the loveseat. Jenta started his thrusting in and out of me once again. This improved dick angle caused it to feel real good on my prostate. My own cock was rock hard and leaking all over my stomach. Jenta was truly reaming my ass out as he eventually pistoned himself like a jackhammer. 

By then, I had my legs wrapped around his waist with my feet locked together when I encouraged him, "Don't stop. I'm about to cum. That's it, just like that. Just like..."

Just then I erupted and started spewing my cum all over even though I couldn't actually see it. It felt so damn good like it was being launched from a cannon. It was almost like Jenta's long thin prick fucked it out of me. I nice good ass fucking is about the only time I ever cum without touching my cock and that is rare. I must have ejaculated quite a bit because I felt sticky all over my chest and stomach and even some of it pooled on my neck. The whole time I was cumming, Jenta never slowed down his fuck pace. 

Not long after I came, Jenta announced, "Oh! Oh! I'm going to cum. Here you go!"

Jenta quickly withdrew his long dong from my rectum and grabbed hold of it as he moved forward to present his cock to my mouth. He is so tall, Jenta had one foot on the floor beside the loveseat and he was able to put his other knee on the back of the loveseat, completely straddling my neck. He was grunting and jerking himself when I opened my mouth. He put his cock in my mouth and continued to beat it. He was groaning and started to let loose his load in my mouth. I was propped up enough that I was not going to choke on his cum even though he damn near tried. Jenta continued to jerk himself off in my mouth and had no problem blasting enough times to nearly fill it up. 

Jenta finally stopped feeding me his sperm filled slime and pulled out of my mouth. I swallowed his seed as he was squeezing out the remaining glob. His cum was a little bitter but I still had no problem sticking out my tongue and licking off that final glob from his piss hole. He even smacked that long dick of his on my lips a few times. 

"I enjoy sex with you very much. I would like to do more sometime," Jenta offered. 

His now softening cock hung down his leg. It truly looked like an eight inch black snake hanging off a vine. I got up, handed him his underwear when I pointed at his cock and said, "I agree. I will take that thing in my throat or ass anytime. Just let me know when you want to hook up again."

We both talked a little more while I cleaned my cum off me with additional tissues from Dr. White's desk. We both finished dressing and I eventually left. Surprisingly, we never hooked up again and that also holds true with Professor White. I will tell you that at the end of the semester, I did receive my A.