 It was about six months ago, just after Christmas. I went to a party in Richmond thrown by a mate of a mate I'd met through my rugby club. By the way, I'm Rob, 32 years old, five-foot-ten tall, gym toned, considered quite good looking with black hair that hangs down to my collar and over my eyes in a fringe.

Anyway, this party...I didn't know that many people there, I think I had a bit of the January blues, and I started laying into the beer pretty heavily. After a while I got chatting to a bloke called Andy. He was a couple of inches shorter than me, quite slightly built, with shortish sandy hair. With his handsome, delicate face, light freckles, pale blue eyes and long eyelashes I reckoned he'd have no trouble pulling the ladies. It turned out we were both Chelsea fans, so we had the same moans in common, and he had a witty, wry sense of humour. We probably spent a couple of hours talking, me on bottles of Czech lager and him on bubbly wine.

I noticed it was coming up to 11pm and I started worrying about getting home -- I live in Battersea so it was a bit of a stretch. Sandy told me "Look, a taxi's gonna cost you a fortune; I only live about ten minutes' walk away and I've got a spare room, why don't you come back with me?" He seemed like a nice bloke and it made sense so I agreed.

We spent a few minutes walking through residential streets, chatting quietly, me leaning on Sandy for support, when suddenly, with no warning, he pushed me back into a privet hedge, pulled my head down to his and started snogging me! Now let me make it clear, I've always been totally attracted to girls, I've got a couple of gay mates, but I'd never so much as thought about another man that way. But drunk as I was, by the time I got over my initial shock I found I was quite enjoying sucking of his sweet tasting tongue, and the way my cock rose when he started fondling my groin suggested I wasn't quite as smashed as I thought I was. This went on for probably a full minute then Sandy pulled his head back, looked up into my eyes and asked "Okay?" I dumbly nodded, then he pulled my arm round his shoulder, put his round my waist for support, and two minutes later we were climbing the stairs to his flat above a row of shops.

Sandy led me to a double bed, sat me down and said he was going to make coffee. I just flopped back and I think I fell asleep for a few minutes before he brought me a strong black coffee. I pulled myself up to lean against the headboard and took a deep slug from my mug. I almost choked on my second gulp when he casually started unbuckling my jeans belt. I blearily asked him what he was doing but he just gave me a sweet smile and said "Ssshhh." 

In moments he had my jeans undone and had pulled them down to my ankles, together with my boxer. I suppose I must have lifted my bum to help him although it certainly wasn't a conscious movement. I watched in amazement as he cupped my balls in one hand and sunk his lips down over my stiffening cock. He was bloody good at giving head, his lips massaging up and down and his tongue swirling around my length and tickling the tip. Within a couple of minutes I groaned to him that I was cumming and he kept right on sucking and swallowed the lot.

Things moved quite quickly after that. Still not quite believing what was happening, I let Sandy pull off my T-shirt and remove my trainers, pants and jeans, then he stripped off himself, revealing a slim, pale body, his pubes shaved off, his cock semi-erect. From somewhere he grabbed a chiffon scarf and, to my astonishment, used it to tie my wrist to the metal bedstead. I was gradually sobering up, but not enough to do more than ask, again, what he was doing. In a soft voice he murmured "Trust me lover, you'll enjoy this."

He used another scarf to tie my other wrist to the bed then pulled me down the mattress until my arms were stretched, my feet hanging off the bed. For the next 15 minutes he licked and tickled every inch of my body, with tongue, fingers and an ostrich tail feather -- a blood ostrich feather! It didn't matter that it was another bloke doing this to me, before long I was stiffer than I could ever remember before, like the skin at the tip of my cock was going to rip from the pressure. By the time he laid full length on top of me to kiss me I was gagging for it and it was me who thrust my tongue forwards to fence with his. I was just about to ask him to until my wrists so I could hold him but he hadn't finished with me yet.

As soon as he sat astride my chest I knew what Sandy wanted but I felt distinctly iffy about it. I myself hadn't actually done anything 'queer' yet, and this was crossing a big, big line. Maybe I felt I owed him, maybe I just wanted his mouth on my dick again, but for whatever reason when he bumped the tip of his up against my lips I opened up to him. It didn't feel as strange as I expected, like sucking on a metal rod wrapped in velvet. I didn't really know what I was doing but I tried to copy what he seemed to have been doing to me, running my tongue up and down him, sucking on the tip, and letting him fuck my mouth, actually starting to enjoy the taste of his cock and his groans of pleasure and words od encouragement. Just before he came he pulled out and his warm jizz splashed onto my chin and chest.

We kissed some more after that, Sandy playing one-handed with my cock and balls. I thought he'd release me then but instead he grabbed a jar of something and smeared it liberally along my length. Then he sat astride my hips and sunk his arse down onto me. I'd enjoyed cowgirl with ladies and this felt just as good: his bum was tight around my cock and as he lifted up and down on me I eagerly thrust upwards to meet him. Again I told him I was about to cum but he continued to plunge down on me as I exploded inside him.

After that Sandy released my arms and we lay and kissed and cuddled for a while. Thinking back, I'm amazed at how unselfconscious I felt, with another man in my arms, our genitals nestling together. We went to sleep in each other's arms, but at some point during the night Sandy spooned against me and I found myself inside him again, fucking him gently, I might even say lovingly. I awoke in the morning amazed at myself but not feeling at all embarrassed or regretful about what had happened. We shared a shower -- Sandy sucked me off again, his fingers reaming deep into my bum, then he dried me and left me alone to dress.

When he reentered the bedroom I gasped at what I saw: a beautiful woman with shoulder length carrot red hair, delicate make-up, a figure-hugging calf-length scarlet dress and glossy black stiletto heels. With Sandy's voice she asked me "Well lover, shall we go and get some breakfast?" His/her arm linked through mine Sandy led me to a nearby café, where the owner clearly knew him in his female persona. I felt surprisingly relaxed, we had a good time and, long story short, we ended up going back to Sandy's where we spent the next few hours in bed making love and reading the Sunday papers.

I'm still surprised that, when I think about it, I feel so relaxed about our relationship. I don't think of myself as gay, I just have a girlfriend who happens to have a cock. I've offered to let Sandy screw me but she's not interested in that, which is fine with me. When we're out together none of my friends guess the pretty lady with me is really a man. The only person who knows truth is my mum, who I told after she'd met Sandy for the second time. She was astonished but, as I expected, not at all judgemental and has welcomed Sandy as a part of my life. My sister told me how nice it is to see I've finally found true love. I thought about that afterwards and realised she was right, I do love Sandy and I know she loves me. At the end of last year I wouldn't have believed the way my life has turned, but I couldn't be happier with it.