 Like so many other guys, I've cruised Craigslist for months and not found what I was looking for. And now that I finally have found a regular fuck buddy, it's not like I'd pictured it at all.

I was looking for a versatile, married, bi guy around my age to swap blow jobs with. It would be ideal if he was fit, clean, and hung, like me. What I found is a guy who is all those things, with one addition. He's a top. 

The thing is, I'm not a bottom. Or, at least I wasn't. That's changed because I won't be able to see him again for at least a week, and I'm dying to ride that cock again.

The first time we got together, we swapped blow jobs and finished each other off in a hot, long, 69 session. He filled my mouth with cum and I did the same for him.

The next time, we were in the middle of another nice, hot, 69 session, when he said he'd like to fuck me. I told him I wasn't into it. But when he said, "well, just let me rim you, then," I gave in. 

I was already hard. Turning over on my back and spreading my legs, pulling my knees back and exposing my asshole felt really nasty, and turned me on even more. Then, when his tongue hit my ass, it was like an electric shock. 

You know what happened next. My resistance melted away. I gave him my ass. My by-then hungry-for-it ass. I wanted it. I got it. It was great. We used a lot of lube. He took his time. I relaxed until the pain was gone. He fucked me nice and slow, not too deep or hard. It started to feel good. Then it started to feel really good! 

My dick had been limp on my belly, but I started to get hard, and then really hard. I was getting more and more turned on by the second. His dick sliding in and out of my ass felt good, but it was more than that. The guy fucking me was really having a good time. He grinned at me when I caught his eye as he was coming back from some good place behind closed eyelids. He bit his lip, and closed his eyes, let his head fall back. I could see that he was digging it. I could see a sheen of sweat forming on his forehead, chest and biceps. We were both breathing hard, having fun.

"It feels good, doesn't it," he said looking in my eyes, grinning. "I can see you like it."

I let out a little laugh. "Fuck yeah! I said, "It feels great! I had no idea it could feel so good!" 

"Excellent, he said. "That's what I like to hear," He went back to fucking me slow and good. 

A few moment later he lowered himself over me, tucking his head in against my neck. As I wrapped my arms around him I felt the heat of his body against mine, the hairs on his chest, the heft of his big body. My whole body was on fire and I felt myself letting go into the moment, letting go into him, his hairy chest, big thighs, the pulsing heat of him.

My cock was pinned between the two of us, belly to belly, hot and getting sweatier. I was hard as a rock, riding on this delicious, long edge of orgasm. Almost without realizing it I had begun thrusting back against him, taking some control of the ride, making it better for me and for him.

"I could cum any second", I murmured in his ear.

"Fuck!" he said, tightening up and and pushing up onto his arms again. "That did it! Fuck! I'm cuming!"

The extra motion from his flurry of deep thrusts or the heat of the moment set me off and I shot thick ropes of cum up my chest and onto my chin. I wasn't even touching myself when I started to cum but now I grabbed my cock and gave it a bunch of firm, fine strokes. I kept blasting cum, shot after shot after shot. It felt like my whole body was cuming!" 

And then it was over and his cock in my ass was suddenly intolerable and I twisted away, levering upright. I ended up standing next to the bed, facing him, my cock weeping cum, fat and red and pointing straight at him.

"Wow!" I gasped. "That was great!"