 I awoke once again with the salty yet sweet taste of cum in my mouth and immediately felt for my oil and seed coated ass. Now empty, it came back to life as I slid a finger into it. I was feeling so good I couldn't ask for more in my life. Getting fucked again and again by my two younger lovers, and being consumed by my new addiction to cum, I felt that I was now the happiest man on earth.

Why I never was in love like this before I will never know, but now I was so content that I couldn't think of anything else I could ever want out of life. For most of the day I already had been fucked by both Rick and Ken, fucked Ken for the first and experienced pure joy that can never be justly described. 

And still, this day was far from over. The three of us were going to a Halloween party, or as Rick described it, my first masked ball. I didn't catch the pun at first, but once it dawned on me what he said, I quivered with excitement. The idea of being out in the open with my men and letting the world see how I loved them made me all the more euphoric. I felt so randy I couldn't wait for the festivities to begin.

I knew what I was going to wear. Early today Rick and Ken bought me a black leather outfit - vest, a collar with a chain to be pulled by, and pants with a large round opening for my ass to stick out. I had a simple Zorro type mask and I was fitted with a beautiful butt plug with a gorgeous black haired tail. In a crazy way, I looked like a horse - not a stallion, but a mare, hopefully being led off to stud.

Rick was dressed like a southern gentleman with a long tailed topcoat, vest with gold pocket watch, fake derringer in his pocket and civil war era planter's hat. Ken really shocked me, he was going as a Ku Klux Klansman, wearing a white sheet and nazareno hood with a large red K on his chest. This being Japan, it wasn't so offensive as much as rebelliously funny.

Well, we took a cab to the club, a place close-by Rick's bar that I have some previous experience in. A few months before, they had given me a most memorable birthday party there and I somehow expected the same amount of fun was again awaiting me . It was impossible to sit in the taxi, partly because of excitement, partly because of the butt plug-horsetail sticking out of my ass, but , being only a short ride, we were there in no time!

We arrived about eight p.m. and the place was really swinging. Everyone was in costume or drag, the bar and tables were full and there were loads of couples on the dance floor in all manner of embraces. Rick led me by my chain, and the thought of me being his slave excited me to no end.

After a drink at the bar, Ken said he was going to move around to see who all was here, and Rick dragged me to the dance floor. It was a funny feeling, we hadn't danced since the night we met, and as we embraced, I noticed other couples practically fucking every which way I looked. I melted in his arms, reaching behind, I couldn't help myself, I was grabbing for his cock as we ground our hips into each other. I didn't know it at the time, but we had both had a hit of sextacy in our drinks and I was getting light headed fairly quickly.

Feeling so hot, and feeling so good, my tongue found Rick's and as he held me tightly by my ass, our amazingly rock hard cocks pressed against each other. What few pangs of shyness I might have had were quickly evaporating. Even though I had fucked so much already today, I was so turned on that I needed more! Pretty soon, feeling so high yet so hungry, I dropped to the floor and attacked Rick's trousers with a passion. His cock was rock hard and I worshiped it as I devoured it.

Taking it deep down my throat, my drooling mouth met his pre cum and formed a great lube as this fantastic weapon of his kept stabbing deeper and deeper into my open mouth, my wet lips sucking as they begged for more. I cupped his balls with my right hand, gently kneading them, as I held his ass firmly with my left. I was getting so horny and all I wanted to do was make my man Rick feel pure pleasure. That was all I needed to satisfy myself. 

I was sort of aware that I wasn't the only one sucking cock on that dance floor, but evidently we were being noticed as a small crown gathered around. Soon I detected the flashing of cameras as people were evidently taken by our great outfits and the entertainment we were presenting. Men were filming with their camera phones and it excited me even more!

Trying my best to entertain, I wiggled my ass, trying to shake my tail as I sucked Rick's cock with utmost love and affection. All my inhibitions evaporated as I thought how it would be great to have my lover and me on camera as he shot his load down my throat! The night was just beginning, yet I didn't care, I had to have Rick'c cum now. The drug was fast acting and time seemed warped. I had no idea how long I was sucking, and very little awareness of my surroundings. Eventually realizing that people were urging me on, I felt that here I was in a position to provide enjoyment for an enthusiastic crowd while at the same time showing my love for my man.

Eventually, I did hear Rick's voice as he said to those around me "Get your cameras ready, people." Then, in short order, he pulled back as my empty mouth reached for the enormous squirt of precious cum as it hit my nose, lips and throat, filling it to capacity. A small roar went off as flashes continued, and I groaned and moaned while lapping up this most wonderful of presents. I cupped his balls, squeezing them slightly, as I rode his shaft in and out. With cum dripping from either side of my mouth I savored the wonderful mouth feel of a hugh cock expelling wave after wave of nectar.

Rick screamed out in joy, holding my head tightly as he shot of the remnants of his load. He must have felt like he was in heaven, everyone complimenting him, as I continued to service his cock. I swirled my tongue around his pee hole searching for every last drop of sweetness as I noticed his shaft was still rock hard and showing no signs of subsiding. As he pulled me to my feet, my face completely glazed by his massive discharge, I blurted out, "I love you, darling." He gave me a soft kiss on my lips then slid his tongue into my mouth. I swallowed the last of his cum as he led me to the bar. 

By now, I was really flying, feeling real dizzy as the drug took effect, yet I was still horny as hell. My cock was standing upright and Rick's delicate touching was causing me to gyrate as I leaned against the bar counter, trying to meet his hand with my aching pole. Sipping on a margarita, the salty edge of the glass made me lick my lips imagining the beautiful flavor of Rick's seed that I had just swallowed. I was ready for more already, even if Rick needed a little more time.

Feeling like I was in a surreal setting, what came next was like out of a dream. With the sounds and sights slightly warped, I heard Ken call from behind and turning, saw a hilariously funny image. Here was my Ken, dressed like a Klansman, arm in arm with the most beautiful looking black man I have ever seen. 

Ken introduced him, saying, "This is my new slave, Mandingo," and I couldn't believe my eyes. He was built like an Adonis, pecks and biceps chiseled like none I had ever seen before. He had a close cropped Afro and was wearing what could be best described as tattered rags, barely covering that beautiful body. Even in the high state I was in, I knew I had to have him.

I reached for his package and said, "Nice to meet you, slave, would you like to ride a stallion?" as I felt what must be a monster lurking under those trousers. My impetuosity startled everyone, even myself, as Rick let out a huge laugh and gestured for him to join us at the bar. I was not myself right now, but in a new zone I hadn't ever encountered before. High as a kite and as horny as hell, I had little or no control over what I was doing or saying.

Mandingo told me his real name was Bob, but tonight I couldn't see him as anyone but Mandingo. He was gorgeous and I somehow knew I was going to be taken by him before too long. With the four of us leaning on the bar we must have looked like a funny sight. A slave owner, Klansman, stallion and slave all laughing and carousing. Bob was soon playing with my horsetail and it was sending tingles up my ass as I automatically reached down to grab his cock.

Unbuttoning his pants, I felt a tool that was like a kielbasa sausage in size, even larger than Ricks, and knew I had to eat it. But the place was now almost wall to wall people and logistics might be a problem. Fortunately, my Ken had a plan that he was working out with Ken the bartender and soon it turned out I would be not only taking care of Mandingo, but entertaining the whole club. Unbeknown to me, at that same time, space was being cleared on the small stage at the back of the club and I was going to be the main act.

When all was ready, Rick got on stage, had the music turned down, and with a mic in hand, announced that we were going to perform an act from Gone With The Wind. I am not sure if everyone understood the reference, but there was much applause. Ken soon grabbed me by my chain, told me to just act natural, and led me to a bed on stage.

I took the hint and as everyone was applauding, I strutted up there, shaking my ass and tried my best to prance like a horse. Rick soon followed, dragging a seemingly reluctant Bob up with us and introducing him as Mandingo and me as Black Stallion. With Bob stripping off his clothes, revealing the most amazing nude body I have ever seen, I licked my lips and did my best to make horse sounds, bouncing up and down on the bed like a mustang.

Instantly, the place as a whole let out a roar and I did my best to feign terror while Mandingo menacingly approached my bed. But, there was some trepidation mixed in with the acting. That cock was enormous and really dangerous looking.

I wanted to give everyone a show, yet all I could think of was that huge cock coming towards me. Showing a false expression of fear and making a whining sound, as soon as that cock got in range, I reached up and swallowed as much of it as I could. The crowd roared again as I had my mouth stretched wider than ever before. The feeling was indescribable. An incredibly large cock that I could only take half way down my throat, I could feel it's veins as it slid back and forth thru my lips. God, I was euphoric! I tried to swirl my tongue around it's head, searching for his pre cum, yet it was mostly being squashed in the bottom of my throat.

Cameras were flashing, tears were leaking from the sides of my eyes, and some of the crowd started a chant of "Man-din-go, Man-din-go," as Bob face-fucked me like never before. Every once in awhile, he would slap me on the top of my head, not hard, but enough to make me moan out louder. I never knew I was an entertainer, but I was enjoying this more than I could have ever anticipated. I groaned, moaned and whined for the crowd. This cock was heaven-sent and though I didn't ever want to stop, in my mind I knew what the crowd was waiting for.

Rick had been manipulating my butt plug for several minutes now and shortly started easing it out of my tight fitting ass. It had a wide bulb shaped head which was hard to pull out, something I would be soon thankful for. With one final yank, he released it from my now gaped hole and raised his arm showing it to the audience. Another roar went off as I was now made ready for the slaughter. Mercifully, Rick squeezed a large gob of gel in and around my ass and got out of the way just in time as Mandingo spun the bed around and prepared to impale me.

Yelling, "Fuck him,fuck him fuck him," the audience was being thrown into a frenzy. They were like the crowd in a Roman coliseum, blood-thirsty and waiting for a slaughter. The drone was making me dizzy, that and the drug, I presume, as a tinge of real fear started growing in my head.

Facing most of the onlookers, trying to still entertain with the right expression, I had a rear feel of panic but had no time to prepare for what came next. Mandingo impaled me and I let out a screech as the feeling of being split in two overtook me. I screamed and everyone yelled in delight, but I thought I was going to die! The pain was excruciating and got worse with each pile-driver thrust. Thoughts of entertaining evaporated in an instant as I screamed in pain, pain too intense to describe. Bob was so much bigger than me and he held me by my ass cheeks and I couldn't escape. Agony overtook me. After a few thrusts he bottomed out and deep in my bowls I felt like I was being stabbed by a sword. 

I screamed, and cried, "Stop, please stop." In all honesty I felt I really went too far this time. The pain was so extreme, yet everyone was enjoying this torture to no end. I really thought death was near and there was nothing I could do but perish. The feelings of pain were so intense that I I think I may have temporarily passed out, but then something incredible happened.

Still in a haze, a warm feeling slowly overtook me, and the pain began to soften! Little by little the feelings grew less painful, my screams subsided, and I felt like I was coming back from death's door. Amazingly, I heard myself saying, "Oh, please, don't stop." 

The most agonizing pain I've ever felt was being replaced by a fullness of a hot cock hitting places in my man pussy for perhaps the first time and sending me to a new stage of heaven. Like a runaway train, this feeling of ecstasy overtook me as I yelled, "Oh...fuck me...fuck me, please fuck me." Several who heard me broke into applause.

Someone with a large voice yelled, "Fuck him, Mandingo, and soon that became a chant.

I responded, "Yes, fuck me, Mandingo," and was soon meeting his thrusts as best I could. Bob was so deep inside of me, and I don't know what damage he was doing, but at the time I couldn't care. He would pull almost all the way out, then slam that monster cock home practically lifting me off the bed. I felt like a toy, or a rag doll, being thrown every which way. He was soon straddling my ass from above and impaling me in a downward thrusting motion, and I was gasping for breath. Nearly exhausted, I still didn't want it to stop. 

This wonderful feeling, that of my entire love canal filled beyond capacity, was something to die for. Every time he bottomed out, his huge thighs smacking my ass as his balls slapped mine made me grunt, then groan and beg for more. I felt like I wanted to cum, I felt like I was going to cum, yet I knew Mandingo was in total control. He seemed like he could do this all night.

Finally I nearly begged him, "Please make me cum, please....I want to cum." Then yelled loud enough for the whole crowd to hear, Fuck me! Make me cum." I was so near, and my balls were aching from the constant hard on I had. I had to have relief.

Bob, who had said very little the entire time, finally yelled out, "Get ready to die, bitch," and intensified the speed and power of his thrusts. Deep inside of me the walls of my love canal were convulsing uncontrollably as I let out another scream. I started shooting salvos of cum, causing my sphincter to squeeze tightly on this massive weapon of my destruction. I could feel it growing as Bob's entire body seemed to stutter, and then with one more thrust, he exploded! I howled as deep inside of me I could feel his seed gushing out as he pounded me mercilessly. 

I screamed with delight, and Bob did also, soon followed by all those watching us. Wave after wave of cum was filling me with nowhere to go. I could feel it sliding down my ass cheeks onto the back of my thighs a he continued to rhythmically pound me. My cock was still twitching, but all my seed was spent, yet this giant of a man was still going at it. I can only imagine how much of his love seed was in me. I could only hope that someday he will deposit a similar load down my throat.

Yet, here I was, totally filled and totally spent. When Bob eventually pulled out of me, my gaping hole stayed open long enough for Rick to easily slide my butt plug back in place. But as exhausted as I was, lying on the bed, it was a lonely feeling once it was over. As the crowd gathered around, Mandingo came closer and whispered in my ear, telling me I was fabulous.

That gave me one last surge of adrenalin as I reached for his cock, moaned and took it as deep down my throat as possible. Nodules of his spent cum speckled his shaft and I readily lapped them up. 

As the show was now over, someone dimmed the lights and the music started playing loudly. Rick and Ken helped me up and led me to the back room for a shower. I could barely walk, and I knew my ass would be sore in the morning but I know I will remember and cherish this evening as long as I live.