 The music pounded in my eardrums, as the lucky guy who would be my plaything for the night, grinded against my body. The rave was hit, my friend Jacob, and long term fuck buddy would be happy it took off so well. Bodies were flailing all over the place, and an orgy was going on in the middle of the floor. One guy, who was obviously ecstatic, was placed in the middle of the room, while big hunks pounded his ass in, and fucked his mouth. 

I didn't like to get caught up in the orgy's, who knew what was going down over there. Usually the men were clean, but I didn't want to take my chances. I liked to pick my prey, and I always picked the right ones. Like the guy I had tonight. His name was Spencer, and he was one fucking gorgeous God. 

His light brown hair, and wide hazel eyes made me weak at the knees. His body was slender, and he didn't have a lot of muscle. I liked to be the bigger guy, who could dominate the smaller one in bed. I looked like the guy who wouldn't be caught dead at a gay rave, but that's what I liked to do on my weekends. 

The neon strobe lights danced around us, like the people. Everyone had a drink, and someone was grinding against someone else. Ecstasy was being passed around with other narcotics, and you had to keep an eye on your drink or someone would drug you. I think Spencer might have been, by the way his eyes wouldn't focus and the way he kept stumbling. 

I held him against me and grinded our hips together, my lips sucked on his neck. His body shook and he clung to me, moaning slightly. "Fuck Brian you have skilled lips," his slurred in my ear. I liked when guys complemented me, it just made me know that I picked the right guy to fuck. 

"Why don't we go somewhere a little more private?" I whispered in his hear. He bit his lip and nodded his head. Jacob kept rooms in the back if people didn't want to get it on in front of everyone. I held on to Spencer's hand as I led him to the back. People groped me, and tried to kiss me, but I ignored them and went on to the back. 

I opened the door to that led to the back rooms of the club. You could hear the sexual moans of people who were in their own rooms. I shut the door and the loud music was drowned out to where you could only hear a slight thumping. I led Spencer to the back and opened the door to the private room Jacob kept for me. There was a bed with clean sheets, a joining bathroom, and a set of extra clothes for me. 

I pulled Spencer's body against mine and crashed my lips to his in an almost painful way. His hands twined in my hair and he moaned into my mouth. My hands went down and clutched his ass. He had a nice butt, very firm and round. I pulled away and raised his arms to take his shirt off, I took mine off also. Spencer stared at my chiseled abs, and the tattoos that cover my torso. 

I could see the hard on in his pants, and looking at his naked body made me get hard also. He walked over and leaned down to flick his tongue over my hard nipple, and then he bit down making me moan. His swirled circles on my stomach and got down on his knees in front of my. I walked over and sat on the bed with him following after. He rubbed me through my tight jeans, and I expressed vocally with a loud moan about how good it felt. 

He unbuttoned my jeans and pulled them off along with my tight briefs. My cock sprung to life in front of his face. I was a good seven inches when soft and grew another two when hard. He licked his lip and ran his hands on the inside of my thigh. Pre cum was oozing out of the tip and Spencer flicked his tongue out licking it up. The heat of his tongue caused me to grow harder. Spencer licked my shaft to the base, and started to lick my balls. I started to moan and wished he would just suck me off already. I wasn't one for the teasing, even though I loved to watch the little guys squirm while I teased them. 

He did a figure eight on my balls, and it was all I could do to keep from coming. Spencer stopped and finally took the tip of my cock in his mouth. His tongue swirled around the tip, while his hands massaged my balls. He started to bob his head up and down, while his hand stroked my cock from the base. "Oh fuck that feels so good." I moaned while Spencer picked up his pace. I put both hands on his head and proceeded to fuck his face in earnest. He gagged and drool spilled down his chin, but I didn't care I was so close to coming. 

"Oh fuck here it comes," I yelled before shooting ropes of cum down Spencer's throat. He swallowed as much as he could but some leaked down his chin. I shot about six thick streams before it stopped. He licked my dick clean before pulling away breathing heavily. Somewhere in the process of him sucking my dick, he'd got his pants off and his hard dick flapped against his belly. He started to stroke himself and his moans were so hot. "I want you to ride me," I told him. 

He perked up at the idea and climbed onto the bed. I kissed his lips as he ground his erection into my cock. I was beginning to get hard again, and I really wanted Spencer to ride me. There was a little table next to the bed and inside a draw I pulled out a bottle of lube. I handed it to Spencer and let him to the necessary preparation. 

He poured some in his hand and rubbed a large amount of it on my dick. The feeling of the lube and his hand, helped bring my cock back to its fullness. I would be able to hold out longer before coming this time, making sure Spencer got what he wanted. Spencer spread some in his opening before straddling me. He positioned my dick at the opening of his ass. With one good push, my head popped in past his sphincter, he slowly started to push himself down, before my dick was all the way in. 

"Oh fuck Spence, you're so tight." I moaned as he started to bounce up and down. His dick flopped around on his stomach and was oozing massive amounts of pre cum. I took him in my hand and started to jack him off while he fucked me. 

"Oh fuck, yes Brian, you're so big." He started to go faster and I started to lift my hips to meet his bounce. "Oh God, I'm gonna cum," I moved my hand faster, and his cocked twitched before cum sprayed from his beautiful cock. It landed on my chest, and some on my chin. I flicked my tongue out and licked it up, savoring the salty taste. Spencer kept bouncing up and down until I came again. My dick stayed in his ass until I went soft. He pulled out and landed on top of my chest smearing his cum between us. 

"Shit you can ride me anytime," I mumbled still feeling high. Spencer kissed my lips. "There's a shower in the other room if you want to use it," I told him. 

"Are you asking to go for round two?" he said with a slight smirk in his voice. 

"You bet I am," I kissed his lips as I carried him into the bathroom. Oh yeah I made the right choice in who I play with.