 I had resigned myself to another frustrating night alone without relief. It had been two weeks since I had last been allowed an orgasm, and the need was deep in my groin.

This was not the first time that a significant period of time had passed without contact from my master, but this was the longest he had gone without coming to me, and he had been very specific that I could not masturbate and cum until he told me I could. So, naturally, I had not so much as touched myself since our last encounter. When you are a bought-and-paid-for sex slave, you do not risk disobedience, even when you are as desperate as I was to take my dick in hand and jack off wildly until I exploded in orgasmic redemption.

Looking back on it, I guess I should have read the warning signs of what was about to happen. Not only had it been two weeks since I had heard from Master, but the groceries in my apartment were starting to run out, and that had never before happened in the two years that I had been Master’s slave. He had always been good to me, treating me like a king (or a queen) when I deserved it, and treating me like a piece of dirt when I deserved that too. 

So I was about to go on off to bed that Saturday night when suddenly the telephone rang. My heart soared, for who else would be calling, but Master. Sure enough, I heard his voice as I answered.

“Prepare yourself. We’re going out,” he said then abruptly hung up. I knew exactly how to prepare myself. I knew I had about 45 minutes before he would be at my door, and I had to be completely ready when he arrived. I rarely wore clothes around my apartment, so I was ready to immediately jump in the shower and wash myself thoroughly. But first I had to clean myself inside, so I gave myself a warm-water enema to clear my bowels completely.

Once that was done, I stepped in the shower and soaped myself down. As I washed my cock, I felt it begin to swell in anticipation of some unknown sexual adventure. I knew when my master said we were going out that we would doing something wild that usually involved my satisfying a group of men. As quickly as the thoughts of sex crossed my mind, they passed and I concentrated on the task at hand. After I had rinsed, I took my razor and carefully shaved off all of my body hair. I was very careful not to nick myself around my pubic area and legs. I had long ago had all the wispy hair on my balls and around my anus permanently removed, so that I was completely smooth all around my crotch area.

From where I was in the shower, I could see a translucent reflection of myself in the full-length mirror on the wall of the bathroom. Master had always encouraged me to take pride in my appearance, and I had to admit that I was a sexy little thing. I was of slightly below-average height and slender, with a round ass that often brought lustful gasps to those who encountered it. My cock was decent-sized, around six or seven inches when fully erect, and my face was of the sort to where I could pass for a man or a woman. And while I had nothing resembling sizeable mammary glands, my chest was well defined enough that with the right outfit, I could fake it enough to pass for a woman. Master often made me up like a woman and paraded with me as his “girl friend.” 


When my shower was complete, and I was dried off and my dark shoulder-length hair was blow-dried, I stood at the door naked, with my head bowed, waiting. A few minutes later, I heard his key in the door and he walked in, carrying a briefcase. Master was a fairly tall man, a little over six feet, well built, with thinning blond hair and a goatee. He was dressed in black leather pants and a leather jacket, with no shirt. I couldn’t help myself, I found my gaze drifting down to Master’s crotch, where his large dick bulged in his tight pants. Master caught my gaze and leered at me.

“You want some of that, don’t you,” he said with a laughing tone. I just licked my lips and nodded. “You’ll get some of that, and more,” he answered. “But first…”

Master walked slowly around, occasionally lightly touching my body, and my dick immediately responded by leaping to nearly all of its full length. God, I was so hot, but I didn’t move. Abruptly, Master walked across the room to my bar, which he usually kept up to his specifications. He pulled out a bottle of brandy, poured two snifters and brought me one. On his instruction, I swallowed the sweet liquor in one or two deep gulps. I knew instinctively that Master had added one of his exotic potions to my drink, because he never shared his brandy with me unless there was something added that he wanted me to be on for the night. My eyes sparkled at the thought, because Master’s elixirs were always designed to heighten my senses and reduce or eliminate all of my inhibitions. I knew then that this was going to be a night to remember.

It would be, but not in the way I would have expected.

Once I had downed my drink, Master opened his briefcase and pulled out a few items. I was handed a satin thong, which secured my dick in a tight pouch and left my buttocks exposed. Master placed a dog collar around my neck and attached a chain to it. Finally, I was handed a mask, which fit tightly on my head. The mask had no eyeholes, just a nose hole and a slotted mouthpiece, which allowed air or liquid to enter my mouth, but would not allow me to speak. The mouthpiece was about an inch-and-a-half in diameter, the size and shape of an estimable cock, and a couple of inches long. When that was secured, I was led blindly out the door.

We went down to what I knew would be Master’s limousine; we got in and took off. We drove in silence for over an hour, as I could feel the effects of the drug I’d been given begin to work on me. I was nervous and excited as we drove to wherever it was we were headed.

Along the way, I had fleeting thoughts once again about my past, and at one point I tried to conjure up a memory from before I met my first master, but it was shrouded in an impenetrable mist. All I remembered was waking up in a hospital bed – what, three or four years ago – with no memory of how I got there or who I was. I was told that I had been found naked and beaten in a field outside this city, and brought the emergency room. There a doctor, a neurologist, told me I had something called gross amnesia caused by blunt force trauma. There had never been any indication at the scene where I had been found as to my identity. Unless they could find a key that would allow me to begin relearning who I was, I would be a John Doe.

The neurologist turned out to be my first master. He was a single gay man who saw an opportunity and took it. When my physical injuries healed, he invited me to stay with him, and I accepted, because I had nowhere else to go. I began having nightmares, so he soon began sleeping with me, a move for which I was grateful, because he offered security in a very uncertain world for me at the time. It didn’t take any time for him to seduce me, and over a period of a couple of months he taught me everything he could about gay sex. I had no memory of any other way to express love and appreciation, and I quickly assumed the role of the gay submissive.

The doctor took care of me until he decided I needed to be properly trained and sent off into a slave’s life. I spent two excruciating months under the tutelage of a large woman, learning proper slave etiquette. That was when I learned to enjoy being the center of a parade of cocks. Mistress would tie me to a table and let a succession of men fuck me in my mouth and in my ass, and I quickly grew to love it. Needless to say, when she was finished with me, I was a dedicated cock-whore, and I fetched a pretty penny at the auction when I was presented to the active underground sex scene that exists in this town.

Master had bought me and put me up in a clean, but Spartan apartment, and kept me as his slave ever since. I literally didn’t know any other life.   

At last, the car slowed, shaking me out of my reverie, then stopped. I heard Master’s driver speaking to someone standing outside, but the mask that covered my ears and the glass partition that separated the back seat from the front muffled the voices. After a few moments we proceeded onward until we stopped for good. I could feel the vibrations from the ear-splitting music through the ground before we even got out of the car. I was led out of the car toward the source of the sound. I heard a heavy door open, which brought the music blasting out, and we entered. As soon as the door slammed shut, Master took my mask off and let me take in my surroundings. 

It was a full-blown rave, but one for gays. We were in what appeared to be a gymnasium that was attached to an old, abandoned school. The gym was dark, except for an array of multi-colored lights swirling about the place. At the front of the gym was a DJ spinning a potent mix of industrial rock, heavy metal and rap, all at maximum volume. The gym floor pulsed with people dancing wildly, some as couples, some solo and some in groups. The vast majority were men, although there were a few women scattered about. Everyone was in various states of undress, including a few who were naked.

Master seemed in no hurry, but merely led me through the crowd, allowing people to touch me all over, sending my arousal soaring. It was all I could do to keep my cock from bursting from its confines at the sensual display of flesh all around and the light touch of hands on my super-sensitive skin. Master seemed to know many of the people there, as he moved easily through the crowd. As usual, people seemed drawn to him, and he looked completely in his element.

I was starting to become impatient, although I took great pains not to show it. I was ready to suck cock and eat cum; I was ready to feel a hot, throbbing dick in my ass shooting cum deep in my bowels. The drug was working on me in a big way, and I was feeling somewhat agitated.

Finally, we gravitated to an open spot near a door at the opposite end of the gym. He pulled me close to him and whispered in my ear.

“I want you to show these people what a good little cocksucker you are,” he said. “I’m going to fuck your mouth until I cum, and I want you to drink every drop. Is that clear?”

My only response was to drop to my knees on the hardwood floor. I reached up, unbuttoned and unzipped his tight leather pants and felt Master’s hard cock slap me in the face. It was big, long and hard, and it looked divine. I flicked my tongue around the shaft as I kissed my way to the base of his cock. The swollen pink dick sawed between my lips as I laved it with my mouth and tongue, working from the base back up to the head. A pearl of pre-cum formed at the tip of his cock, and I flicked it off with my tongue and savored the taste. I inhaled Master’s musky, masculine aroma and nearly swooned.

Abruptly, Master pulled back slightly, enough to push the head of his dick past my lips and into my mouth. Slowly, but steadily, he pushed his hard, fat cock into my throat. I had long ago been taught how to properly throat a cock, and I had become quite good at it. I relaxed my throat muscle and let my jaw drop open as far as it could. I swirled my tongue about the shaft as he pushed his way into my throat. It was only when I felt the cool leather of his pants on my cheeks that he stopped, and then only to adjust himself.

Quickly, he established a pumping rhythm in my mouth as I slobbered and sucked deeply on his divine root. It was hot in the place, and I could feel a trickle of sweat roll down my chest as I worked my hot mouth on Master’s hotter cock.

From out of the corners of my eyes, I could see that we had attracted an audience. Wonderful! I loved showing off my skills for a crowd. Some half-dozen to a dozen men had surrounded us, all of them with their hard cocks out. Two of these cocks were placed in each of my hands and I began to stroke them as I sucked off my master.

Soon, Master picked up speed and began to more forcefully pump his cock into my throat. I could feel his hands gripping my hair as he fucked my mouth roughly. Low moans of pent-up desire were wrenched involuntarily from my crammed-full mouth as Master’s cock moved faster and faster in my throat. He hovered over me, skull-fucking my head with a full hip motion as he drove his cock back and forth in my throat.

Suddenly, with a strangled gasp, Master pushed his entire length as far as he could down my throat. I felt his cock swell, followed a split-second later by a torrent of cum that jetted out the end of his cock and splashed down my throat. My throat convulsed in frantic swallowing as I fought to keep from choking on his prodigious load, and to make sure I ate every drop, as I had been instructed.

When he was finally finished, he jerked his cock from my mouth, but not before he deposited one final glob of cum on my outstretched tongue.

“Tell everyone how much you love the taste of cum,” he commanded. “Tell them what a cum-whore you are.”

I looked around at the crowd that surrounded us, still idly stroking their cocks. I spoke in a clear voice that only slightly betrayed my excitement.

“Oooooh yeah, I love cum,” I purred. “I’m such a cum slut. I want to suck all of your cocks and fill my belly with all of your sweet, hot cum.”

“What else do you want?” Master said, tauntingly. “What about that succulent ass?”

My eyes sparkled as I nodded, “I want to feel all of your cocks in my ass. I want you all to fuck me hard and fill me up with cum. I want to bathe in it. I want to swim in it. God, I love cum. Oooh yeah, you know how much I love it.”     

At that, Master gave a sort of disdainful flick of his wrist and walked away, leaving me kneeling on the hard floor with a dozen hard cocks around me. I was momentarily confused. Was I supposed to follow Master or not? The question was immediately answered when the man in front of me and to my right thrust his hard dick into my mouth and in to the hilt, all in one motion. This man’s dick wasn’t nearly as long or fat as Master’s and I could easily suck him. I eagerly sucked the cock, while two new cocks were placed in my hands.

It didn’t take long for the man in my mouth to reach orgasm. All of the men in the circle, in fact, appeared to be bursting hard, and this one quickly reached firing strokes, pumping a nice quantity of cum down my throat.

For the next half-hour or so, one man after another came over, pushed their cock into my mouth and allowed me to suck them off. Because I had expressed a desire for them all to, “fill my belly,” with their cum, I felt obligated to swallow all of them, although as time went on some of their cum drooled out the corners of my mouth and down my chin onto my chest. At some point, I felt someone pull my thong off my hips, down my thighs and off my legs, leaving me naked on the hard floor. I was startled to realize that a female hand was rubbing my ass cheeks, lightly fingering my asshole and reaching between my legs to fondle my balls. My cock was already rock-hard, and it bounced off my chest as the person manipulated my dick, leaving a tendril of pre-cum on my belly.

My knees were beginning to hurt and my jaw ached, when I felt my chain pulling me up onto my feet. I thought for a moment that Master had returned, but I quickly saw that a woman held the chain. She was on the smallish side, but there was no mistaking the air of authority she possessed. She had pale skin and her pretty face had a slightly Oriental appearance, enhanced by her long, straight black hair. Her features were delicate, but her attire was about as far removed from delicate as could be. She wore knee-high leather boots, with fishnet hose and a garter belt that was attached to a bustier, which served to push her otherwise modest breasts upward and outward. Each of her nipples was pierced with a small ring and a chain was attached from one ring to the other.

She looked my naked body up and down, lingering her gaze on my swollen, drooling cock, which bounced obscenely from my clean-shaven crotch. Then she spoke, and her words chilled me.

“Well, my slave, are you ready to perform for my little party?” she said. “Oh, you haven’t been told yet, have you? Your former master had some debts he needed to discharge, so he has given you to me to play with for the night. You said you wanted to swim in cum. I believe we are going to give you what you want. Before this night is finished your ass is going to be fucked so wide open, you’ll think a train had been up there. We’re going to cover you in so much cum, you will indeed be swimming in it. You’re going to be our fuck whore for the night, and you’re going to love every minute of it. What do you say to that?”

“Yes, Mistress,” I said meekly. 

“Gooooood!” she said as she flashed a wicked grin. “You’ve been trained very well. I think we’re going to have some fun with you tonight.” 

With that, she pulled me along to a nearby stairway and we headed down the steps, followed by a parade of men. There was a dusty odor as we descended into the old locker room, which was dimly lit by one naked light bulb that swung over the room. When we reached the room, we were met by a couple dozen more men who sat on the benches that rimmed the room, all of them naked sporting big cocks that were in various stages of arousal.

My emotions were in turmoil. I was crushed that Master had apparently sold me to this woman, I was apprehensive about taking on this many men, but the prospect also excited me to the point of madness, and by now I was so horny and hopped up on Master’s potion that I was ready for anything.

The floor of the old locker room had been covered by several tumbling mats that had been spread about the room. I was ordered to lie on my back and display myself. I spread my legs as wide as they could go and thrust my pelvis forward, causing my hard cock to bounce off my stomach. I grasped my butt and pulled the cheeks open to show my pink anus, which was already gleaming with the sweat that had trickled between my legs.

“That’s not good enough,” Mistress said with a touch of anger in her voice. So she straddled my head, giving me a clear view of her shaved crotch, which gleamed with liquid of some sort. I quickly discovered that it was cum from an earlier sex act, as she slowly squatted over my face and rubbed her juicy cunt all over my lips, nose, cheek and chin. Then she pulled forward slightly and commanded me to lick her ass. I stuck out my tongue and discovered that her asshole was full of cum, as well. This woman had apparently been quite busy earlier in the evening.

I licked her asshole, then back to her pussy, cleaning her up as instructed. As I worked my tongue around in Mistress’ crotch, she reached for my ankles and lifted my legs until my butt was off the mat and my asshole was open and exposed to the crowd. Laughter and obscene comments were made about what they called my fuck hole. It didn’t take long for someone to kneel in front of me and begin licking my asshole. I felt like I was in heaven as the man – I could tell it was a man from his beard – rimmed me out vigorously. As he tongued me, he pressed a couple of fingers to my ass and began to finger-fuck me, all while I continued to eat Mistress to several orgasms. I could feel my face being drenched with her female juice as she rode me hard.

When the man had me good, wet and open, he pulled his face away and I felt the head of his cock nudging at my opening. He didn’t fool around, but slowly pushed the head of his cock past my anal ring and into my ass. If my mistress’s pussy hadn’t covered my mouth, I would have screamed from the pain of the sudden entry. But once the man was in all the way and he began to fuck me with long, even strokes, the pain quickly dissolved into intense pleasure. The man’s dick was good-sized, not too big, but not too small, and he quickly hit all of the hot spots in my ass with a vigorous rotation of his hips.
