 We met at a friend's house, and we both felt the electricity of our attraction instantly. Thirty minutes after meeting we were off in another part of the house where we could be alone, our mouths locked together and our hands caressing each other's cocks through our pants.

I had unzipped him and managed to touch smooth man flesh before he stopped me. 

"Not here" he whispered "Let's go to my place."

Twenty minutes later we were standing naked in his bedroom, facing each other a few steps apart. He was shorter than men and hairier along with being huskier. His 9 inches of thick manhood stood strongly erect, as did mine. Every inch of my body yearned to feel the caress of his touch, the strength of his shaft, and the joy of his climax. My tongue was hungry for the taste of his cum, my hole eager to be stretched open by his manhood.

I stepped forward and knelt before him, taking his cock in my hand and wrapping my mouth around the glans, tasting his sweet pre-cum. I gazed up at him.

"I want you your cum in my mouth, but I want you to fuck me, too." I teased.

"Then don't stop." he commanded.

I made love to him with my mouth as he held my head and guided me. I sucked and licked him greedily, and soon I felt the rhythm of his body change. Hot jism exploded against the back of my throat and filled my mouth as several more spurts followed the first burst of his climax. I drank him like nectar and let the excess spill erotically from my mouth. 

My eyes met his again as I used his glistening hardness to smear his creamy love liquid all over my face.

He bent down and kissed me, our tongues tangling in my seed-filled mouth.

"Stand up. Go to the mirror." he ordered.

I turned and stood in front of the full length mirror at one side of his room. I could see my sweat in the soft light, and the glint of fresh spunk on my face. A dribble of pre-cum ran down my cock to my balls.

He knelt beside me and pulled my legs apart slightly. He poured a dollop of lube on the head of my cock and let it run down my shaft before using his hand to lubricate my love stick more thoroughly. Then he poured another dollop down my ass crack, and I enjoyed the tickle of it running down over my asshole and then my scrotum. 

He moved behind me and spread my cheeks. A finger caressed my hole and then slipped inside me, lubricating me.

He used both hands to spread my cheeks. I could see him gazing at my pucker hole via the mirror.

"You have a beautiful asshole" he said, before pressing his face between my cheeks and licking it. I moaned with pleasure. 

"You can fuck it, if you want. I like to be fucked." I said in a voice made halting by the pleasure of the moment.

"Not yet." he said.

He rose and went to the nightstand. He returned with a dildo in his hand. It was big, but not too big, and my body trembled with anticipation.

Kneeling behind me, he pressed the toy to my love opening. As my sphincter yielded to the pressure, I bent my knees to use my body to get a harder, faster penetration. I leaned forward with my hands on either side of the mirror. I could see the look of raw sexual delight on his face as he watched my asshole swallow the fuck toy.

"You like that, don't you?" I asked him with a smile.

"Yes, and so do you, I see." He replied as he reached around and gripped my rock-hard love shaft with his right hand.

He moved around to be beside me again. One hand stroked my cock with loving caresses, and the other languidly pumped the toy in and out of my fuck-hole.

"I want you to cum." he said. "Cum all over the mirror. I want to see you cum before we fuck."

It was a glorious orgasm! I erupted in a beautiful geyser of man nectar, much of which splattered on the mirror, and I cried out with the joy of climax. Waves of pleasure engulfed my body, and he pushed the dildo deep into me, intensifying the sensations washing over me. 

His mouth engulfed my cock, taking in the rivulet of man cream running down it, then he turned and licked my jizz from the mirror. My tongue flicked out with delight as I bent down to kiss him and share my spunk.

We went to the bed, and I lay back with my legs raised. The dildo was still buried in me up to the handle hilt. I saw the look of lust in his eyes as he paused to look at how my fuck hole held the toy, then he slid it out of me with exquisite slowness, and then my hole was empty. I wanted it filled. With him.

His love meat was fantastically rigid, and I slathered it with lube, then guided it to my hole. We both grunted when he shoved it all the way in in one eager stroke. 

He pulled my legs up and hooked them over his shoulders, then lubricated my cock. He didn't move, just held himself deep inside me while his fingers traced the length of my cock, then down my scrotum and made a circle around my engorged asshole. Then he began to fuck me and jack me in rhythm.

Our bodies moved in synch. Our breath became gasps, and our moans like animal grunts. Our bodies were covered in sweat, and each time we kissed, the taste of cum lingered and drove our passion even higher.

"Fuck me. Cum in me. Fuck me. Cum in me." I chanted in a hoarse whisper.

"Cum for me, baby. I want to fuck the cum out of you." He grunted in return.

But we didn't want to cum. Not yet. I was ecstatic with the pressure of his body inside mine. Every primitive thrust sent a new wave of pleasure through my body. I squeezed his love muscle with my sphincter, wanting to feel every ripple and vein of his flesh as it pistoned in and out of my hot fuck hole.

He used my body, my love hole, like a living sex toy. He used every inch of his manhood, pulling out until barely half of his bulbous glans was still ensheathed in the warm embrace of my anal ring. Then, he would drive his shaft hard into me, shivering with pleasure as my flesh caressed and squeezed as he plunged in.

Our foreheads pressed together, our eyes fixed on our loins. He was entranced by the sight of his thick, pink rod stretching and filling my hole, and it loved watching his hand masturbating me in rhythm with our lust fuck.

I don't know how long we fucked. 15, 20, 25 minutes maybe. Every thrust, every second, every stroke sent another ripple of pleasure through us, and he could feel the intensity rising in my body.

As he felt my orgasm rising, his thrusts became faster and harder.

"Fuck me! Fuck me!" I cried out in almost animal tones.

He silenced my cries with his mouth, and I felt his orgasm burst deep inside me, silky warmth flooding my anal cavity as he pushed his cock in as deep as he could and made joyous whimpering noises in time with each pulsation of his love muscle.

I arched my back and moaned. 

"Yes!" I cried, and we both looked down and watched with erotic fascination as my manhood gushed ropy jets of creamy love juice out on to my belly, all the way to my chin.

He kept fucking me while he licked up the honey of my loins and shared the sticky treasure with me. I tingled with joy as I felt his jizz dribble from my hole with each outward thrust of his fuck. The orgasm he had pumped into my mouth had been exquisite lay copious, and the fact that my body had brought forth another equally productive ejaculation filled me with pride.

We continued to make love for several more minutes. His thrusts became gentler, more loving. My asshole was numb, but the pressure and gentle pain of his penetration was something I didn't want to end. 

Finally he pulled out of me, and another thick dribble of cum followed. My tongue instinctively licked my lips. He smiled and his face dropped down below my balls and his tongue lapped up the trickle of fuck cream that had slipped past my sphincter. We eagerly kissed once more, our tongues sharing the fruit of our lovemaking.

We lay together and kissed. I licked away the jizz that was smeared all over his cock, and we kissed some more before the need for sleep washed over us.

I awoke in the morning to the sound of his heavy breathing next to me. When I opened my eyes, he was face down looking at me with shocking intensity.

"I thought you'd never wake." he whispered.

As my eyes focused, I realized he was face down with his ass raised in the air. He was slowly fucking himself with the same dildo he had fucked me with. I was hard when I awoke, but this just made it better. I kissed him and told him not to go away, and made a quick trip to the bathroom.

When I got back I knelt behind him and gazed at his stretched asshole and gently licked at his scrotum, balls, and the smooth flesh of his love opening. 

I took control of his toy and dildo-fucked him until he gushed a stream of love nectar into my hand. I pulled the dildo out and mounted him, jamming my cock into him and shooting my own geyser of hot cream into his waiting rectum while I hungrily and greedily licked his spunk from my fingers.

We flopped on the bed and enjoyed the aftermath before it was time to shower and breakfast. When it was time to leave, I knelt before him and pulled his magnificent cock out of his jeans one more time.

I drove home with the taste of his jism fresh in my mouth, and when I kissed my room mate upon arrival at home, I felt a surge of testosterone when he tasted another man's jizz on my lips, and we fucked. We fucked in glorious lust.