 I had been out drinking at the bars again, trying to meet some new girls in the town I had recently relocated to, and again had no luck. I had decided to call it a night, and head back to my apartment. It was a nice upscale complex, and one of the things that attracted me to it was the on-sight security it provided. As I said it is upscale and had all the amenities, pools, tennis, racquetball, gym, etc... But other communities offered the same with the exception of the security guard.

I had gotten to know our guard on a first name basis, and had even partied with him a few times at the complex social functions. I had always been straight, and certainly assumed he was as well. That night I came up to the guard shack at the gate, and said hey Bob how are ya. He replied as usual, what's wrong bro no luck tonight? I shrugged and said well not my night I guess, I believe I am going up burn a fat one down a couple more beers and call it a night. He asked if he could join me since I knew he likes a little smoke now and then, and I said sure come on. I didn't think anything of it just a couple of buds catchin' a buzz. Well I got up to my apartment opened a beer and got some smoke out, when I heard a knock at the door. I knew it was him so I yelled for him to come on in. I had just turned on the TV and some soft core porn was on one of the cable stations. We were watching and complaining about the lack of real action, when he said he had some good porn at his apartment. Being pretty buzzed, I said well go get 'em. He said roll another and I'll be right back. Well I had one rolled when he came back and he didn't even knock, just came in and threw a tape in the VCR. We started watching the flick and continued smoking and drinking.

I was starting to get really wasted, and was making comments about all the babes. Bob was agreeing with me, but was also making comments like look at the size of that cock. I didn't think much of it at first, but then he said wait till you see this next guy, he has the best dick I have ever seen. I started to think that was a little weird, but I figured he must be one of those ultra-huge porno dicks, or something. Well the next scene came on and he wasn't overly monstrous or anything, so I asked Bob what he meant. He tried to change the subject, but something stirred my curiosity. I saw Bob shifting in his chair, so I came right out and asked him, how come you like this guys cock you ever been with a guy. He looked at me and paused for a moment, then asked if he could count on my confidence. I assured him that he could, and he admitted that he had. I was now really curious, and had a huge hard on as well. He was sitting on my loveseat, I was on my couch, and I just got bold and grabbed the outline of my cock, and asked what he thought about mine.

A huge smile came over him, and he just stared at it for a minute. He then got up came over and sat next to me for a closer look I thought. He handed me the joint we were working on and just came right out and asked if he could check it out. I didn't know what to say, I was just silent when he started to rub the length of my shaft. About that time some guy was getting ready to cum all over this big titted babe on the TV. He said to me, you want to cum like that, I said hell yeah, but there's no babes around. He just smiled and said pull it out and I'll do things to you no babe has ever done. I guess I was too far gone in my horniness to argue and pulled my cock out and sat back. He looked at it, reached out took it in his hand and stroked it a little. He looked me in the eye, told me that I had a big beautiful cock, and that I should be proud. I was so horny I didn't know what to do, I just said well you've got it now show me what you can do with it, or was that just talk. Bob just smiled dropped his head and deep throated me all at once. I have been with countless women, and had only had one girl take all of me, and she had to work up to it. 

Bob took all of me at once. His nose on my pubic bone and underneath his long tongue reached out and touched my balls. I couldn't believe the feeling I was speechless, and if I wasn't so drunk I would have cum instantly. I gasped for a couple of minutes and when I could finally speak, I just mumbled some incoherent gibberish. He came up off me, looked at me smiled and asked if he should continue, I just nodded. He went back to work bobbing up and down toying with my balls in his hands, looking me in the eyes knowing I was about to cum. I said I was close, and one of his hands slipped down to my ass and pulled me to the edge of the couch. I was so lost I had no idea what was coming, when he took a wet finger and started circling my anus lightly. He looked up at my now wide open eyes, and slipped the finger into my ass. That did it I came so hard I almost passed out. He never missed a drop, but then I was so far down his throat, I don't know how any could have escaped.

As I lay there trying to catch my breath, Bob got up grabbed us each beer, sat down next to me, and asked how was that? I just smiled and said wow man where did you learn that. I,I,I, wow...Then like nothing ever happened, he said I have to get back to the gate. I said we have to keep this between us ok, he smiled and said of course, I wouldn't have it any other way... 

To be continued...