 This is the third chapter in the story of my matches with Will and Bob. If you haven't seen Round 1 about my victory in the battle with Will and Round 2 about my submission to Bob, you might want to go back and read them. Enjoy! - Feelingbrave.

The penultimate two on one match began with them circling me, trying to get one in front and one in back so I'd be trapped and unable to defend myself from their attack. I knew that once they got me down their weight alone would do me in. Try as I might to avoid it, it was only a matter of moments before Bob was able maneuver around behind and grab me in a bear hug. I tried to get my torso twisted so I was beside and behind him hoping to throw him to the ground but his grip was to strong for me to complete the maneuver. Will immediately attacked from the front, grabbing me by the balls. With my arms pinned to my sides, I was helpless as he squeezed and fondled me, mockingly asking me how I liked being beaten by two gay guys (an unfair insinuation as I'd never been a homophobe). With his other hand he began to pinch, flick and tweak my hard nipples, sending both pain and tingles of pleasure through me. Every time I tried to move away from his teasing and torture, it brought me against Bob's hard cock, which continually prodded me in the back and butt. I had nowhere to go and no escape. Will continue to cruelly punish my nipples with his fingers before deciding that a little nibbling would be fun. The sensation of his hot tongue on me as he bent forward to envelop them in his mouth was enticing, particularly coupled with his continued fondling of my balls. I loved it when he used his wet tongue to lick the sweat off my chest while blowing gently on my warm and aroused flesh. It gave me chills. 

Eventually, they forced me to the floor with Will straddling my chest while Bob controlled my legs. Try as I may to get up, their weight was too much for me and I lay still beneath them. Will clearly hadn't forgotten our earlier match. With his thighs straddling my head, he began rubbing his cock and balls all over my face insisting that I lick them. Though I was in no position to negotiate, I refused knowing that it would earn me some sort of punishment. Bob provided it, rolling my knees back towards my chest and leaving my ass completely exposed. 

"Are you going to do what you're told?" he demanded

My negative response was met with a hard spank on my left cheek. The burn hurt in an exquisitely pleasurable way. The first blow was followed by several more until, as I opened my mouth to moan, Will slipped his manhood between my lips and I tasted my first cock. I'm not sure what I expected a cock to feel or taste like. I liked the spongy feel of the head on my tongue contrasted with the hardness of the shaft against my lips. Not surprisingly, the taste was more like sweat and baby oil. With resistance futile, I began to lick and suck his hard 7-inch cock as he moved his hips back and forth, sawing in and out of my now willing mouth. Bob stopped spanking me and began rubbing and massaging my burning cheeks, probing between them with his fingers.

With my head trapped between Will's thighs, my whole world focused on the cock and balls in my face. When I looked up, that was all I could see other than the flat muscles of his stomach, streaked with sweat and baby oil. His groans and gasps as he grabbed my head told me I was doing a good job of pleasuring him. Bob moved away from my ass and positioned himself to watch. After some time, they switched places and Bob demanded that I lick the sweat from his balls. Again I refused, waiting to see what punishment Will would administer. Standing over me, he grabbed me by my ankles, splitting my legs so far apart I thought something would tear, and placed his bare foot on my balls, pressing none to gently. 

"Do it NOW" he commanded giving me a light kick. While resisting may have been some kind of silly notion, the possibility of getting kicked in the nuts was very real. I stuck out my tongue and started licking enthusiastically.

Eventually, Bob told me I could stop licking, got off my chest and pulled me to my knees. He grabbed my wrists, extending my arms out behind me. Controlling me this way, he told Will to kneel on the floor and spread his cheeks. Remembering how I had stuck Will's face in my ass before making him submit, I knew there was payback on the way and so did he. Smiling, Bob forced me to crawl over to Will and shoved my face into the crack of his ass, ordering me to lick and kiss it. It wouldn't have been my selected activity, but I had no choice so I did as I was told, licking and kissing the best I could. Will particularly loved it when Bob guided my tongue to focus on his puckered asshole. He squirmed back against my face and heaped on the verbal taunting asking me if I was enjoying myself as much as he was and telling me how he was going to enjoy shooting his cum in my face and how he couldn't wait until he got to stick his big cock in my virgin ass and fuck me dog.. The thought of what I was being forced to do disgusted me; I'd declined to do it for my girlfriend even though we had experimented with anal sex more than once. It was undoubtedly the most totally humiliating moment of my life.

After what seemed like an eternity, Bob let go of my wrists and I pulled away from Will's glistening butt. All I wanted to do was wipe my face and wash out my mouth as I wondered what was in store for me next. Nothing I could think of compared to what had just happened. I didn't have long to wonder as they each grabbed a wrist and an ankle and, placing their feet against my sides, tried to rip me in two. I tried to fight back with the little strength I had left but they were way too strong for me. I groaned in agony as they tortured me, determined to take as much punishment as I could before my inevitable submission. I really didn't like the pain, but I did get a perverse satisfaction from knowing they were so totally dominating me and there was nothing to do but take it.

After a few more minutes of torture and verbal abuse, Bob asked me if I was ready to surrender to them. 

"Does this mean that you are through with me?" I asked.

"Not even close, but it would save you from a lot more physical abuse." he replied.

"Are you still going to make me lick your balls and force me to suck your cocks?"

Looking wickedly at each other, Will replied "Absolutely! Personally, I'm going to fuck your mouth until you get cramps in your jaws. We are both going to cum in your mouth and shoot all over my face. And you are going to swallow it!" 

"What about my ass?" I asked? "Do you intend to fuck me?"

They both agreed that they wanted a shot at fucking my virgin ass.

"So, basically," I told them, "Even though we all know that you can and have been doing pretty much whatever you wanted to me, the only difference is that I'd be agreeing to let you do it instead of your forcing me to do what you want?" 

They nodded that that was pretty much the case. I think my answer surprised us all. 

"Well in that case, I'd rather that we just keep things the way they are. If you want something from me you are just going to have to go ahead and rape me because I'm not going to surrender to you!" 

Without hesitating for even a moment, they were all over me. Bob resumed his position straddling my face, trying to shove all 8 inches of his still hard cock down my throat until I began to choke. Again and again he rammed himself into my mouth as I did my best to avoid gagging. Pinned under his weight and to exhausted to resist his assault even if I wanted to, I opened my mouth as wide as I could to accept him, licking and sucking his manhood. Looking up at him, I could see his eyes were closed as he played with his own nipples and reveled in the feeling of his cock in my mouth.

Will, meanwhile, went to work on my ass, pouring some baby oil down my crack. It felt cool on my hot skin as it trickled across my ass. Slowly I could feel him working first one then two and finally three fingers into my tight asshole. Even with Bob's cock in my mouth, it was impossible not to focus on the feeling of Will's fingers stretching me out. He moved them in and out of me while working to relax my tight ring. I knew what was going to come next and looked forward to it with a heady combination of apprehension, excitement and fear. Involuntarily, my body responded to the penetration. My sphincter contracted rhythmically on his fingers, holding them inside me even as my hips bucked up to draw him in further. 

With a final thrust and a groan, Bob grabbed my head and came in my mouth, giving me my first taste of hot cum. I was fascinated by the sour and salty taste and the thick, almost slimy texture as it blasted across my tongue and hit the back of my throat. Greedily, I swallowed as much as I could. After splattering the first several spurts down my throat, he pulled out and pumped the rest all over my face, leaving me a sticky, gooey mess. I wished that there was a mirror so that I could see what I looked like with his hot cum dripping from my nose and eyelids and running down my cheeks. I know I must have looked like a real slut. I know I felt like one, covered with cum while my eager ass grabbed at the fingers being shoved it in. I'd lost all shame.

Having taken his pleasure in my mouth, Bob got off of my chest and grabbed my arms, pulling them over my head where he pinned them to the mat with his legs. I watched as Will slipped on a condom. It was amazing how much bigger and thicker Will's cock looked now that he was going stick it in my upturned and waiting ass than it had when he had made me suck it!

Lying on my back with cum dripping off my face and Bob pinning my arms I took a deep breath and tried to relax as Will pushed my knees to my chest so my asshole was totally exposed and vulnerable. I could only imagine what I looked like in this position. I know I felt like a complete and utter whore. Will moved closer and spread me open further with his thumbs. Raising my head, I could see and feel his cock head push against me. He pushed firmly against my sphincter. At first I could only feel the pressure and then the head squeezed in. It hurt! I took a deep breath as he rocked back and forth, each time filling me a little deeper each time. 

While it clearly wasn't a pleasurable thing, I began to get used to the feeling of being penetrated. Somewhere deep inside my mind I came to understand why men and women feel so differently about sex. Psychologically, it felt so different having someone penetrate my body than it ever did when I plunged my cock into my girlfriends pussy. 

Surprised, I realized that it didn't hurt nearly as much as I though it would having a cock in my ass. In fact, the burning sensation, combined with the fullness I felt with him inside me was driving me crazy with lust. As Will continued to slowly pump into me, I found myself working my hips to meet him stroke for stroke. I used the muscles in my ass to squeeze the hot hardness of him every time he plunged in until finally I could feel his balls slapping against my ass. I'd done it! I was no longer a virgin! Balls deep in me, Will let loose, fucking me faster and harder. Eyes closed with pleasure, I met him stroke for stroke, our groans filling the room. All I could think of was the wonderful feeling of him inside me. All I could hear was our moans and sighs and the slap of his hips against my upturned ass. All I could smell was the scent of sex in the air. Everything was totally animal instinct, there was no coherent thought. This was nothing but pure, unbridled, uninhibited fucking. And I loved every second it. 

I have no idea how long he fucked me. It could have been a minute, it could have been and hour. Time simply became an irrelevant blur. At some point Will slammed into me with a last, powerful thrust and roared out his climax as he slumped on top of me. Wild with lust, I continued to massage the last bits of pleasure from his softening cock by squeezing him inside me. Finally, he slipped out of my ass with a soft pop, leaving an awful feeling of emptiness where he had just been. 

"God that was so hot!" came a voice from behind me. "I've got to have some!"

Despite the fact that he'd been holding my wrists the whole time, I'd forgotten that Bob was still there. Rolling Will off of me, he positioned himself between my legs and slipped a condom on his resurgent cock. Looking up at him, I nodded for him to go ahead. Fortunately, the fucking Will had put on me had left my asshole gaping wide open because Bob was in no mood to go slow. In two swift strokes, all 8 inches were in me as he hammered away. The feeling of burning and fullness returned as he penetrated me to new depths, further stretching my poor ravaged hole. Having come earlier in my mouth and on my face, Bob was able to last for quite a while. I tried to give him as good a ride as I thought I had Will, but probably didn't due to fatigue and soreness. 

When he finally came, I was more than ready for it to be over. It had been a long, physically and emotionally draining afternoon and early evening. Exhausted, I lay on the floor where they had left me and drifted off into sleep. Who knows how much later, I awoke from my dream to the feeling of firm hands massaging my chest and a warm wet tongue on my balls. Opening my eyes I saw that it was Bob holding my stiffening cock in his hand and licking me while Will was casually playing with my nipples and stroking my belly. I just lay there and enjoyed the pleasure they were giving me. Seeing I was awake, Bob grinned and slipped my cock into his mouth and proceeded to give me a long slow blowjob. I realized it was my first as Will had only been forced to lick my balls. It didn't seem like very long before I shot my load deep down his throat. He took every drop of my cum. When he'd sucked me dry, he straddled me and kissed me on the mouth. Unlike the first time, I willingly opened my mouth to his tongue, tasting the vestiges of my sperm on his lips. We both smiled with satisfaction.

"Well" said Will "What do you think? Don't lie to us and say you didn't enjoy this!" 

Looking back and forth between them I gave a tired smile and said, "I want a rematch! Same teams, same rules. And hopefully the same results!"