 This series is about a bisexual guy who has loved his straight best friend since early childhood. If you are looking solely for sex, this series may not be right for you because although there is sex, love is the dominating theme.

I love hearing from my fans and any feedback is greatly appreciated. Let me know if you want to read more and I will continue writing this series if there is enough interest. Thank you and I hope you enjoy my story.

This chapter is for all of my fans that supported me throughout the four years I have been writing on this site. Thank you for all of your feedback, support, and friendship; it means more to me than you will ever know.

All sexual encounters mentioned in my story involved people who are (or were) 18 years of age or older at the time. 

********

Oh God, why does he always have to be so fucking sexy? I watched my best friend Skylar as he walked down the high school corridor towards me. This man belongs on a runway, and he didn't even seem to realize it. He naturally walked with the grace of a feline. I turned my attention to the contents in my locker (nothing too exciting in my locker, but if I kept looking at him I would undoubtedly get a hardon). 

"Hey bud," Skylar said when he approached, the sound of his low voice giving me goosebumps. My name isn't Bud, by the way, it is Kyle, but he sometimes called me bud, which he meant as short for 'buddy.'

"Hey Sky, what's up?" I said, trying to sound casual in front of the man I so utterly loved.

He gave a devilish grin. "I fucked Claire last night."

I ignored the instantaneous twinge of jealousy, not wanting him to see it. "I fucked her last month, she was fucking tight." I was bisexual. "Or did she loosen up?"

He grinned. "Yeah, I remember you telling me that last month, and no, she is still as tight as a fucking vise."

I gazed at his perfect face. He had flawless fair skin, light blond hair, and midnight blue eyes that stood out from the rest of his light facial characteristics like a sore thumb. I never understood how someone with such fair skin and hair could have such deep, dark blue eyes...he must have had a lot of recessive genes passed to him or something.

He shifted uncomfortably, clearly not at ease with me staring at him like I was...shit. I hope I'm not drooling. "She also sucked my cock," he continued. "She is pretty damned good at giving blowjobs."

"Is she better than...you know..." I stopped because he literally winced when I said 'you know.'

"No," he said with a blush, knowing what I meant. "And don't ask questions like that...it's weird."

It was my turn to blush. "Sorry." We just kind of stood there awkwardly together and watched as people continued to walk by. 

About four months ago, we both had gotten drunk and he ended up spending the night at my place because his parents would have killed him if he went home drunk. Well, apparently my porn stash hadn't been hidden as well as I thought it had been so he ended up finding it. At first he just laughed...but he stopped laughing when the straight porn pile was all looked through and he found all the gay porn underneath.

He didn't say anything at first; his face had been completely blank. Then he asked me if I was gay and I had admitted that I was bi. He then asked me if I liked cock, then I admitted that I did, but reminded him that I liked pussy too, in case that fact lightened the situation at all. Again, he didn't say anything for a while, but he then asked me if I have ever been fucked by a guy before, which I told him the truth and said I haven't. Then he asked me if I ever sucked a guy off and I admitted that there were two guys who were on the football team with us that I sucked off once in a while. 

He asked me who the guys were and I told him that I had promised to not tell anyone, which he seemed to accept. Then to my shock, he asked if I wanted to see his cock. I told him yes. He said he wants to know if he's got a nicer dick than the other guys.

When I saw his hard cock for the first time as he pulled it out of his pants and boxers, I knew I wanted to suck him off every day for the rest of my life. It was amazing. He was seven and a half inches long, but what made it amazing was how thick he was. He was really thick. I noticed he kept his blonde pubic hairs trimmed short and I looked further down and noticed he had massive balls. He then asked if his cock was the best. I told him I didn't know since I haven't sucked his cock so I don't know it as well as some of the others. He stayed quiet and asked me if it would be weird for our friendship if he let me suck him. I assured him (persistently) that nothing would change.

He told me to suck his cock so I could tell him if he was the best (I'm pretty sure none of this would have happened if he hadn't been drunk...). I didn't hesitate even a moment and had reached down, grabbed his cock, and sucked his cock. I was in ecstasy as I sucked his cock but to my surprise he pulled me off after about ten seconds, and asked me if he had the best cock. I told him he definitely had the best cock and he grinned and began pulling his boxers up.

Of course I hadn't given up on his cock without a fight. I asked him what he was doing and he said putting his dick away. I asked him why and he said he only wanted to know if his cock was the best. I told him to take it out and I would give him a blowjob. He said no way, and that he wasn't gay, and it would be weird if I gave him a blowjob (like I said, he was drunk, so he wasn't all there in the head...). I told him that I already sucked his cock so either way I gave him a blowjob tonight so the only difference would be if he wanted to get off or not. When he realized that I did in fact already give him a blowjob he kept repeating the word 'shit,' but didn't put his cock away, too mind blown to remember that it was still out.

I decided to help him decide so I leaned down and took him all the way into my mouth and sucked him the best I could, and he came within only three minutes. He had reached down to pull my head off when he was going to cum but being more sober than he was, I shook my head violently to keep his hand away and he blew his load in my mouth before he could pull me off, and I greedily sucked his cum down my throat as he moaned out his orgasm (when he had moaned, he moaned out my nickname he had called me when I was a child, Ky, which sounded like Sky, which I called him, but he hadn't called me that in over five years so it had taken me by surprise...).

He got sleepy after he came but told me that that was the best blowjob he had ever had and told me that he owed me and before I knew it, he pulled my pants and boxers down and started jerking my already-close-to-cumming cock and within only a minute I blew my load over his hand. He went and took a shower afterwards to clean up and...

The bell rang, bringing my back my attention to what was going on in the present. "Guess it is time to go to class," I said awkwardly to Skylar with a smile.

"Guess so," he said, leading the way to our classroom.

********

Oh hell, I can feel him staring at me. I glanced over and sure enough Kyle was looking at me, which made my heart skip a beat. His face lit up and I couldn't help but smile back at him. He had been that way since we met when we were little kids in preschool. Simply giving him even a little attention seemed to make him so happy and I couldn't help but feel warm inside when it happened.

I've always been close to Kyle, ever since I first met him in preschool. I looked at his face and noticed how handsome he has gotten as he got older. He had green eyes that seemed to change color with his moods, black hair, fair skin, a cute nose, and an adorable dimple in his cheek that only appeared when he smiled brightly, which was just about anytime he saw me. When I made eye contact with him, the dimple in his cheek appeared. Fuck, he's cute...did I just think the word cute when referring to a guy? I'm straight...well I let him blow me once in a while but only because he is really good at it and he seems to really enjoy it so what's the harm? Hell, I can at least be honest with myself if no one else. I'm heteroflexible.

"Skylar, pay attention!" My teacher scolded me.

"I'll pay attention when you say something interesting."

The whole class laughed. The teacher's face turned red and he said, "Just because you graduate in a couple weeks does not give you the right to slack off."

I yawned.

The teacher was pissed. Oh well. 

The bell rang, which caused everyone to get out of their seats while the teacher yelled out tomorrow's assignment, like anyone cared what it was. We all learned that if nobody did the reading he wouldn't quiz us on it at the end of class so it worked out for everyone if nobody did the reading.

As we walked out, Kyle lightly touched my arm, which made my knees temporarily weak, so I pulled away from his contact as if his hand burned my arm. "Am I still invited to come over and hang out tonight?"

I could see that my reaction to his touch deeply hurt him and I had to fight every instinct in my entire body to not reach out and comfort him. "Yeah, why not? We will play video games."

"Anything besides video games?"

"You know...the usual..." The usual was code for he would blow me and I might jerk him off in return.

"No, I don't know. What do you mean?"

Now he was pissing me off. He knew what I meant but hated that I used code for him giving me a blowjob. "Yes, you do know. If you don't want to, just say so."

He sighed. "You know I want to but I hate it when you..."

"Then it's settled," I interrupted. Hell, he still looked depressed from when I abruptly pulled away from his touch. Up until he first gave me a blowjob four months ago, we have been...what's the word I'm looking for? Touchy? I guess touchy works. Anyways we would be touchy with each other, whether it would be hugs, tickles, arm around the shoulder, shoulder rubs, etc.. The day after the first blowjob he gave me was...confusing for me, so I kept my distance from him (out of touching range)...and kind of have since then...except for, of course, when he gave me more blowjobs.

I couldn't stand the depressed, distant look he had on his face so I reached out and briefly touched his arm and asked, "why don't you come over now instead of after supper?"

"Really?" He looked ecstatic, and my heart did a backflip when I saw the dimple appear. I don't know why the thought of hanging out with me a couple more hours made him so happy, I'm really not that interesting.

I couldn't help but smile back. "Yeah. Really."

So we walked to my house together, our arms occasionally brushing each other during the mile walk to my home.

To be continued...