 Round 1

Will, Bob and I had known each other for many years through college sports, nights out drinking and various other ‘guy things’. Though I knew they were gay, this had never made a difference in our friendship. We really had much more in common than we had differences. They had always respected that I wasn’t gay and had never seriously come on to me. Boy did that change after a night of watching pro wrestling on TV! 

The three of us were hanging out at Will’s house one steamy August evening watching the pro wrestling matches when the subject turned to how the matches were so obviously faked. Bob was making fun of some of the costumes and noting how it was always the women whose clothes seemed to get ripped off while the guys managed to keep their little Speedos intact. We all laughed at the sexual connotations and possibilities of some of the holds and moves. This took the conversation down the path of what would really make wrestling entertaining. Bob suggested that they should go back to the days of the Greeks when the contestants wrestled in the nude. Will agreed whole heartedly and added that to make it really high stakes, the defeated wrestler should be subject to the humiliation of having to satisfy the winners lust right there in the ring in front of the whole world as a penalty for losing. After all that hot body contact, it was hard for even me to think they never got turned on by each other.

Laughing at the prospects of nude, high stakes wrestling on network TV, Will and Bob began to horse around in their own match. Before long, Bob ended up with his head in a leg scissors that left his face only inches from the obvious bulge in the crotch of Will’s cotton gym shorts. Kidding that he lost on purpose so he’d have to suck him off, Will let Bob go with a laugh. Once released, Bob half jokingly suggested that we all strip down and wrestle for real, just the way we had been laughing about only minutes earlier. Will responded that that sounded like a great idea so that he could finish what he had started with Bob. As Bob’s idea became less of a joke, they looked at me to gauge my reaction. Laughing nervously, I said it sounded like more fun for me if it was mixed wrestling with one of the gorgeous women valets on the screen. Pointlessly, I reminded them that I liked women and had never done anything even remotely like what was being suggested with a guy, particularly the loser’s fate. 

Despite my protests, the idea of having our own match seemed to take on a life of its own. Clearly, both of them were enthusiastic about the idea and wanted me included. The more I said no, the harder they tried to convince me. Even my offer to serve as referee fell on deaf ears. After a bit more friendly cajoling and a promise that if I lost they’d let me off at anytime I was too uncomfortable with what was happening, they finally wore down my resistance and I agreed to participate. As I thought about the prospect of engaging in naked combat with my two friends, an unmistakable bulge began to grow in my shorts.

The sexual tension and anticipation in the air was almost palpable as we all got undressed. Quickly, I began to strip off my tee shirt and gym shorts before I had time to change my mind about what I was getting myself into. As my underwear came off, I was acutely aware of the sensual feeling of the warm, muggy air on my naked skin and the nervous, naughty feeling it gave me to be deliberately undressing in front of Will and Bob. I couldn’t help sneaking peaks at the two of them as they undressed nearby. Though I’d seen both of them nude in the showers and locker room at the gym and after basketball, etiquette and interest had kept me from taking good looks. Now, I was curious to see what their bodies looked like compared to my own and to see how well they were hung. The curiosity seemed to be reciprocal as I caught them looking at me more than once. 

As I watched Bob pull his BVDs over a firm, round bubble butt, the feeling of nervousness I had felt as I undressed began to change. For the first time I actually felt like I had permission to look at another guy’s nude body! I’d certainly thought about the potential of having sex with a guy before (be honest now, what guy hasn’t even if only to dismiss it?) but had never come even close to doing it. Now, here I was stark naked and about to wrestle for my virginity. My cock started to twitch and swell. Will noticed and gave me a sly smile. From the look of his semi hard on, he was also looking forward to the coming action.

When we were all naked, we moved the furniture out of the way and dragged some cushions and mattresses to the center of the room to be the mat. The exertion, combined with the 90+-degree summer heat and humidity, made our bodies glisten with sweat, emphasizing our muscles as it trickled across our bare chests and down our backs. I watched as a drop of moisture ran down Bob’s back, over the firm curve of his ass and splashed on the floor. 

Will suggested we oil ourselves up with baby oil to make it more interesting. Bob quickly agreed, so we took turns rubbing the slick oil all over each others bodies. I’d never touched a guys butt before and certainly not his cock and balls nor had anyone ever touched mine. The feeling of their rough hands spreading the oil all over my sweating skin was exciting. So was the feeling of Bob’s cock and balls in my hand as I hesitantly joined in and oiled him up. He smiled as I stroked the oil into his hardening cock, glad to see I was becoming a willing participant. Enjoying the freedom to do so, I looked him right in the eyes as I gave him a few extra gratuitous strokes, feeling him swell in my hand. 

Oiled up and with the ring ready for action, we agreed on the rules. Since there were three of us, it would be a two against one, round robin handicap match, two out of three falls to win. The person who drew the lowest card from a deck would wrestle each of the other two individually. If they won both of those matches, the losers would have to submit to whatever sexual acts the winner wanted. If they lost both matches, they belonged to the winners and had to submit to them. In the case of a split of the singles matches, there would be a third match, two on one, to decide the winner. The singles matches were to be decided by a pin for a 10 count or submission. The two on one match could only be ended by the loser’s total, unconditional submission to the winners (we did agree that only one of the two had to be pinned or submit for the team to lose). Conditioning would be a factor as well as we agreed there would be no time limits.

All that was left was to draw the cards. I went first and, to my relief drew a 10, thinking it would be high enough to be part of the two-man team. Will went next and drew a king. We high fived each other figuring that the chance of Bob beating my 10 was pretty low. With a smirk, Bob drew the ace of spades. My heart stopped as I realized what was potentially in store for me. I began second guessing my mental decision not to take the option of asking them to let me off easy if it came down to that. The expression on their faces as they ran their hot eyes over my naked flesh left no doubt in my mind about the consequences of losing. 

The first match was between Will and I. While I was taller and heavier than Will at 6’3”, and about 200 lbs, he was at least as strong and more athletic at 6’ and 185 lbs. His olive complexion glistened from the baby oil and sweat, highlighting the definition in his muscular, hairless chest and six pack abs. I found myself looking hungrily at his hard body, anticipating the feeling of it rubbing against mine as we intertwined our limbs in lusty battle. 

We started tentatively, silently circling and trying to find an opening to take the other to the mat, a process complicated by the slickness of the baby oil and sweat on our nude bodies. Finally, I was able to lunge at him, grab an arm and spin around behind him before he could get away. With his arm twisted behind his back in a hammerlock, I tripped him and we fell face first to the mat, landing with a hard thud with me on top of him. I quickly grapevined his legs with mine, spreading them apart while releasing his arm and clamping on a full nelson. The combination of sweat and baby oil caused our bodies to slip and slide against each other as he squirmed underneath me trying to escape. The feeling was so arousing I could have stayed there forever, my nipples rubbing against his broad, muscled back while his ass slithered against my cock. The room was filled with the sound of our heavy breathing and his grunts and groans as he desperately tried to work himself free.

His squirming and attempts to escape me left my semi hard cock pressed squarely into the crack of his ass, something we were both very aware of. Every time he twisted or bucked against me, the tip of my cock probed against him as if it had eyes and desires of its own. The feeling was incredibly erotic, particularly when he (deliberately?) squeezed me with his firm cheeks, trapping my hard on in the hot crack of his ass. Thoroughly enjoying the feeling, I did nothing to try and reposition myself to avoid poking him.

Realizing that I couldn’t pin him this way nor was it a submission hold, I released the full nelson and grapevine and swiftly moved up to straddle his back before he could escape. From there, I planned to turn him over and try to pin his shoulders with my knees for the win. However, as soon as I moved my weight up his back, he raised his butt in the air, bucked me forward on my face, and twisted out from under me. Quickly grabbing me by my calf’s and locking them under his arms, he spun me around in an airplane spin. When he finally let go, I sailed across the room landing hard on my back. Between the spinning and the impact of the toss, I was a stunned, dizzy and disoriented target for him.

Before I could regain my breath or my senses enough to react, he pounced on me triumphantly, applying a body scissors that he squeezed so tightly I thought my ribs would break. As I strained to separate his ankles to relieve the pressure, my problems got worse. He reached down and grabbed my cock and balls, giving them a good firm squeeze and a hard painful yank for emphasis. With his legs in the way, I couldn’t reach his hand to try to pry it loose.

It’s hard to describe the thoughts and feelings going through my head at that moment. The crushing pain from the body scissors was almost overwhelming and I thought of giving up if I couldn’t get away soon. This thought naturally lead to thinking about the consequences of losing and I found myself fantasizing about what it would be like to be forced to open my lips to his hard cock, what it would taste and feel like sliding in and out of my mouth. The rough feeling of his hands grabbing my crotch, rubbing, squeezing, twisting and generally molesting my oil and sweat slickened cock and balls only added to my confusion. It would be a lie to say that he didn’t have me aroused – his touch had me hard enough to drive nails even as I gritted my teeth against the crushing pressure on my ribs. Despite my fantasizing and the obvious physical enjoyment I was getting from having him roughly handle my cock and balls, I still wasn’t sure I was ready to have sex with a guy. 

Having me in his control, Will began taunting me verbally, describing how he was going to keep me in the hold so he could stroke my cock until I came and how there was nothing I could do about it. As my cock swelled from his manipulation, he laughed about it being so obvious that I was enjoying my torture. Somewhere in the back of my mind came the recognition that he was right - in fact I was getting turned on from being at his mercy. Now it was the sound of my moans and grunting that filled the room.

After a lot of squirming, moaning and groaning, I managed to separate his ankles and get away. We rolled around on the mat for a while, putting each other in different holds, while grabbing each other by the cock and balls every chance we could. Finally, I grabbed his arm and trapped it underneath me, I maneuvered around so that he was on his side in a head scissors with his nose stuck in the crack of my ass. With one arm pinned, he clawed frantically at me with the other, trying to get me to shift so that he could get some air and I’d stop trying to crush his head, a cause that was lost when I caught his free arm, leaving him defenseless. 

The more he twisted and squirmed, the more firmly his nose pressed into my sweaty butt cheeks. I could feel his warm breath on my balls and the bristles of his chin on my upper thighs as they rubbed against me. Remembering the trash talking I had endured when I was at his mercy, I smugly asked him how he was enjoying the view and the feeling of having his nose stuck in my ass. His muttered reply was lost in the tight grip of my legs. Slowly, his resistance faded to no more than a token despite Bob’s cheering him on to not give up. I released my grip on his head and rolled him onto his back so that I was straddling his head with my knees, pinning his shoulders to the mat, a position that placed my cock and balls practically on his chin. As he gasped for breath, I asked him if he wanted to surrender but he refused, renewing his squirming and bucking just enough to raise a shoulder and avoid a 10 second count for the pin but not enough to have any hope of escaping. 

Enjoying my position of superiority, I decided to take advantage of the situation and rub it in by verbally and physically, taunting him about his helpless predicament. Slapping him in the face with my rock hard cock, I reached back to squeeze, twist, stroke and grope his cock and balls, just as he had earlier done to me. As his cock swelled to its full, thick 7 inches, I threaten to make him cum right then and there, reminding him with a laugh that now he was mine and there wasn’t a damn thing he could do about it other than surrender. Finally, after several minutes of this treatment and in danger of cumming from my stroking, Will reluctantly gave up. 

Savoring the moment, I stayed on his chest, grabbed him by the back of his head and boldly ordered him to lick the sweat off my balls before I’d let him up. With a sigh, he stuck out his wet tongue and did as he was told. His tongue felt so different from the women who had licked me there before. It felt rougher and courser than a woman’s though equally as warm and wet. I loved it! Bob shifted to where he had a perfect view of the action while stroking a huge 8-inch erection. I couldn’t tell if the lust in his eyes was from wishing he were me getting my balls licked or that he was Will, forced into submission. Seeing as we were all enjoying the situation (to one degree or another), I kept him at it for several minutes until I felt that I was in danger of cumming myself. After getting one last lick, I climbed off of his chest and let him go. One down I thought.