 Please let me know what you think of my series and if you would like to continue reading more chapters. I can't know what you guys like/don't like if you guys don't tell me. Voting always helps let other readers know how much other readers liked the story so please be sure to vote as well.

Starting chapter four I will be moving this series to the Incest/Taboo category as the series will be progressing into relationships that contradict with "normal" societal mores (hence the reason for changing it to the taboo category). I know many of you may not like the transition and I do apologize in advance for that but my stories are character driven and this is where they are headed so I kind of feel like my hands are tied as far as this matter is concerned; if you feel like this will be a problem, don't read any future chapters for this series after this chapter.

Some readers have expressed some confusion with the story being narrated by two different characters (Kyle and Skylar) in first-person point of view. The narrator changes when there is a break in the chapter. You will notice this break by the use of asterisks (those little star symbols), so when you see the asterisks, it means the story is now being told by the other narrator. I may use more than two narrators in the future so I will try to come up with a more distinct and clear way of identifying the narrator when that time comes. 

All sexual encounters mentioned in my story involved people who are (or were) 18 years of age or older at the time. This series is a work of fiction; all characters, groups, organizations, and events in this series are fictional and any resemblances are entirely coincidental. Now without further ado, please enjoy the story.

********

I normally love the sun, but when it shines on my eyelids in the morning when I'm sleeping I want to kill it! I almost immediately calmed down because now that I was somewhat conscious I can smell that wonderful scent—Skylar.

I inhaled deeply and his wonderful scent came rushing in and it somehow both calmed and excited me at the same time. His scent was so wonderful—and exhilarating. I slowly opened my eyes so my pupils could accommodate the light from that bastard sun and I noticed his exposed armpit only inches away from my face. I looked at him more closely and he appeared to be sleeping.

I felt weird for doing it, but I kind of felt like I almost had to. I leaned forward and closed the short distance between my nose and his armpit, and when I felt his armpit hairs brush against my nose, I inhaled—oh my God! His scent seemed to course through my entire body.

I reluctantly pulled my nose away and sat up so I could admire Skylar. He was so perfect in so many ways. I reached my hand out and ran my hand through his white-blonde hair and looked at his beautiful face. With his eyes closed his overall looks were fair in both beauty and complexion, though I knew the second he would open his eyes those midnight blue eyes would stand out from the rest of his light-colored features like a sore thumb. The juxtaposition between the color of his eyes and the rest of his features was simply breathtaking and never ceased to amaze me.

I averted my eyes to his chest and I admired his pecs and abs. Knowing he wouldn't care if I did and knowing he was a deep sleeper, I ran my hand along his chest, over his pecs and down to his stomach where I thoroughly enjoyed the feel of his abdominal muscles. I started to reluctantly pull my hand when all of sudden his hand quickly reached up and held my hand on his stomach, preventing its retreat.

"Don't stop now, that was feeling good."

I pulled my hand firmly away like I touched something hot and looked up to see those wonderful dark blue eyes staring back at me and the bastard had a huge smile on his face that made my already racing heart stop and then beat even faster. "I thought you were sleeping," I said, knowing my face was beet red.

Just when I thought he couldn't smile any wider, he proved me wrong. "Clearly; not that I mind you feeling me up while I sleep—I just groped your ass not even ten minutes ago—I just thought I would mess with you a little by pretending to sleep."

"Asshole."

"You know you love me."

"Shut up. You don't have to remind me of my unrequited love for you."

Skylar slowly lost his smile and it turned into a frown, but he quickly smiled again. "I thought it was pretty hot that you leaned in and took a whiff of my armpit and moaned though-it made my dick jump."

"I did not moan!"

"Hate to break it to you, Ky, but you totally did. I couldn't make that shit up—I almost forgot that you had a thing for my pits," he lifted his armpit and brought it closer to my nose, "Take a whiff and give it a lick."

I felt my face turn even redder from a mix of emotions that included anger, embarrassment, and even lust. "Stop making fun of me! I know I'm fucking weird and it's fucked up that I want to do that stuff but you don't have to rub it in my face."

Skylar looked frustrated and I knew I was about to be given a speech. "There is nothing fucking wrong with you, okay? You are the closest thing to a perfect human my mind can possibly imagine and I'm not going to let you feel disgusted with any aspect of your attraction to me. I don't care if you are attracted to the dirt under my toenails, I wouldn't think you were fucked up even then. You're not the only person that in the world that are into armpits so don't think you are the first one. There is a completely reasonable explanation and that is pheromones. The axillary sweat from my pits releases pheromones and those pheromones play a key role in your physical slash sexual attraction to me so it only makes sense so it isn't surprising to me that you are interested in my pits." 

Far be it for the person wanting to be a science teacher to leave out science in his argument. "Sky, I..."

Skylar suddenly grabbed me and positioned me so that I was on top of him before I could protest.

********

Kyle looked absolutely shocked as I looked up at him after I practically dragged him on top of me. I placed my hands behind my head so that I can leave both armpits completely exposed to him. He noticed the movement and looked from my armpits back to my face and blushed some more. "Go ahead and whiff and lick away," I told Kyle encouragingly.

"Skylar, I'm not..."

"Look," I interrupted, "I know you want to do it and I want you to do it. I think it would be pretty hot so do it for me if you don't want to do it for yourself, but the way I see it is that you have two choices: One, you can lean down and smell and lick my armpits to your heart's content as we both immensely enjoy it, or two, you can get off me and I will go and take a shower, making sure I scrub my armpits with soap really well and then put on a shirt that would cover my armpits so that you don't feel tempted to do something you actually want to do. The choice is yours to make, though I'm secretly hoping you pick option one."

"You won't make fun of me for anything I do?"

"I won't—I promise" I assured him.

I saw him blush again but he brought his head down and took a whiff of my right armpit. "Oh my God" he moaned and took another whiff.

"Lick it," I encouraged him.

I felt a gentle, wet touch which I knew had to be his tongue and it started out as a quick lap here and there but gradually became much more as he got more bold with his tongue and now Kyle was full on licking my armpit.

"Mmmm—fuck," was all Kyle said before he took another whiff and started licking again. I felt him suck my armpit hairs into his mouth and felt him let it out of his mouth and then he went on to full on licking my armpit again.

"The other one—lick the other one" I commanded.

Kyle was more than willing to oblige as he repositioned himself and this time I felt his hard, leaking cock on my leg. He showed no hesitation as he immediately began licking my entire left armpit from top to bottom, stopping only occasionally to take a whiff or suck on my armpit hair. He seemed to be so into it that I felt his leaky cock grind against me over and over as he humped my leg while licking.

Kyle seemed to notice that he was humping my leg because he stopped licking. "Oh shit, I'm so sorry! I..."

"Uh-ah—nope. No apologies and I promised not to make fun of you, remember? You've got me really horny so fuck the shit out of my leg and blow a load while you eat my armpit out—it's fucking hot."

To my surprise, he had absolutely no argument whatsoever and he grinded his dick against my leg without hesitation as he went back to devouring my armpit with his tongue—goddamn it felt good.

I felt the rhythm in his leg-fucking start to falter and I knew he was close to coming. "Do it—cum on my fucking leg," I encouraged and not even a second later he started shooting his load onto my leg and moaned into my armpit.

He eventually stopped shooting and just laid there for a minute with his face buried in my armpit. "Fuck," was all Kyle said as he continued to just lay his head in my armpit.

"No shit!" I said with a laugh. "That has got to be the kinkiest sex I've ever had. That was awesome!"

Kyle looked up at me and I kissed him on the forehead and he blushed but smiled brightly at me. "Your leg is a mess."

I could feel his sticky cum on my leg. I reached down with my hand and scooped some of it up with my index finger and brought it close to his mouth and he knew without words what I wanted him to do so he leaned forward and sucked his cum off my finger. I reached and scooped some more up with my finger and he sucked his cum off again. I reached down again and just as he was about to lean forward to suck his cum off my finger I brought it up to my mouth instead and made an exaggeratingly slow display of me sucking his cum off my finger. He seemed to be in awe and turned on by it. 

I pushed him onto his back and started licking his cum off his stomach and, deciding to be brave and explore, leaned downed and started licking his cum off his cock and his balls. I kept licking his groin until every last tiny drop of his cum was licked up.

I looked at his face and he seemed to be in shock. "Don't just lay there. I've got cum on my leg that needs to be licked up."

Kyle seemed to snap out of it and he lowered himself down a bit on my bed and started to lick his cum off my leg. He took his time and seemed to enjoy the taste of his own seed. When the job was complete, he laid down beside me and we just looked at each other. He started to open his mouth to say something but he closed it.

"What?"

Kyle shook his head and simply said, "Nothing."

"No, you were going to say something. Tell me what it was."

"It wasn't important," he said and blushed.

"Tell me anyway."

"Sky..."

"Kyle."

"You're so goddamn stubborn—I was just going to tell you that I...I love you."

I leaned forward and kissed him on the forehead, which made him blush even more but I could tell he was happy that I did. "That wasn't nothing—I...I like it when you tell me you love me," I said, feeling embarrassed. 

He looked at me and blinked, then opened his mouth and closed it.

"What, Kyle?" I asked, feeling even more embarrassed.

"I guess I'm just confused. Why do you like it when I tell you I love you when you don't love me the same way?"

I ran a hand through my hair, not knowing how to explain. How can I tell him that I like that he loves me? It would bother me if he stopped being in love with me and we just went to a regular, best friend sort of love and I have no idea why. I looked at him and he had so much love for me that I could just see it on his face. I don't know what I did to earn that kind of love. I know I'm attractive but I know there is a lot more to it than that. He doesn't give a crap that I come from a very wealthy family. I try to be a good person but I'm pretty average in that regard. So why does he love me? I didn't know—just like I didn't know why I found him so adorable and cute while other guys have no affect on me, or why I find myself tempted to kiss him. He's got a really nice ass, so it's only natural that I find myself wanting to fuck him (a nice ass is a nice ass regardless of what gender it is attached to), but why am I so tempted to kiss him.

"Skylar, what's wrong?" He said, sounding worried. "You are doing that one thing you do with your face when you are feeling conflicted about something."

"I—I can't."

"You can't? What do you mean you can't," he said, sounding annoyed. "What in God's green Earth can't you tell me? You know there is not a damn thing you can't tell me so don't feed me that bullshit. Just say it."

"I'm conflicted because I want to kiss you but at the same time it scares the hell out of me."

"W-what?

I felt my face turn red. "You heard me. Blowjobs are okay for friends with benefits but if you and I start kissing now at this stage in our friendship that leads to boyfriend territory and I'm not sure if I'm ready for that. I'm still attracted to women and I know that's not going to change and I don't want to fuck up and hurt you by wanting to be with women when I'm supposed to be your boyfriend."

"B-boyfriend?

I felt my face turn even redder. "Oh my god, are you deaf? Yes, boyfriend. Even if we agreed to not be sexually exclusive it may still create problems and there are no guarantees. You might get jealous if you notice I'm attracted to a woman and might want to leave me because you know I will never stop being attracted to women."

"Skylar, I..."

"Don't feed me that 'I won't get jealous' crap because that is bullshit; I know you. You are going to start feeling insecure when a beautiful woman flirts with me and I unconsciously flirt back with her. You are going to wonder if I want to sleep with her and if I'm only staying with you because of our friendship or whatever."

Kyle averted his eyes from and I knew my suspicions were right. "I can't ever lose you, Kyle—ever. If I hurt you, or drove you away and lost you I would never recover from it. Nobody in this world will ever mean as much to me as you and I..."

My speech was cut off as Kyle leaned in and kissed me. He prodded his tongue through my lips and his tongue danced with mine. I grabbed him and took the lead and kissed him like I never kissed anyone before. He tasted like a peculiar vanilla/mint combination. I've kissed plenty of girls before but this was somehow different, and not in a bad way.

When I pulled away I looked into his eyes and saw the complete adoration in his eyes that I knew he had for me. I could tell he was searching for my reaction and he smiled, seeming pleased with whatever he found.

"Did you mean it when you said nobody would ever mean as much to you as me?"

"Yes."

"Then I want you to be my boyfriend."

"Kyle..."

"I know, I know—you're worried that you will fuck up our friendship. I'm not saying that there won't be times I will be jealous, or pissed, but if I remain your favorite person then it is enough for me."

"What if it doesn't work out?"

"Would you still be my best friend if it didn't work out?"

"Of course I would."

"Well I feel the same way. We are both worried about screwing up what we have or what we are about to have. I promise that at the very least you will always be my best friend."

I felt tension that I didn't even realize I had in my shoulders slip away. The thought of losing his friendship completely terrified me but he would never make a promise he couldn't keep. I reached out and held his hand. "I promise you the same thing. I will be your boyfriend."

His whole face lit up and he threw his arms around me. "You have no idea how much this means to me," he squeaked.

I held him. I have always had a special connection to him and though I know I would never stop liking women I knew that I would always welcome his embrace; holding him had always felt so right.

********

I was so unbelievably happy I could just fall over and die from pure bliss. Skylar said yes to being my boyfriend! I pulled away from him and looked up at his handsome face. He grinned at me, which made me blush.

"Will you ever stop blushing over the small things?" Skylar asked.

I sighed as my blush deepened. "Probably not."

"Good."

"Asshole!" I said as I punched him on the arm. He didn't even flinch.

I saw Skylar reach down and start stroking his cock. "You know, I haven't cum yet."

I reached out and replaced his hand with my own. "I will fix that."

"What do you plan on doing to remedy that?" Skylar asked.

"I—I want you to fuck me."

Skylar beamed. "You have no idea how long I've wanted your ass."

"How long?"

"I won't give you specifics but it was even before I found out you were gay."

"Really?"

"Yeah."

"I'll go get the lube," Skylar said, getting out of bed and grabbing a bottle of lube out of a cabinet.

Suddenly his door burst open as the door slammed against the wall into his room. Skylar and I froze and looked to see who the intruder was and it turned out to be his oldest brother, Sven.

Sven was almost as intimidating-looking as he was hot (once you got to know him he is more like a child-at-heart with a severe case of ADHD). He was twenty-six years old and lived in Europe so this was an unannounced trip. Sven grinned and ran to his youngest brother and picked him up and started spinning him around in the air. Skylar was a fully-grown adult but Sven was a six foot ten inches, three hundred and fifty pound (all muscle) bodybuilder—literally, so this was an easy feat for him. He owned and operated a fitness company that brought in millions of dollars each year.

Sven finally set Skylar back down on the floor after about fifteen full seconds, seeming completely oblivious to the fact that Skylar was butt-naked and holding a bottle of lube. He looked to the bed and saw me laying in it (I had covered myself with the blankets). "Oh hey, Kyle!" he cheerfully greeted me in his insanely deep, bass voice.

I blushed. "Hi Sven."

Sven smiled at me and I took in his handsome self. He just oozed masculinity from every cell of his body and his muscles were bulging out of the clothing he was wearing. Like Skylar, he was completely fair-skinned and had white-blonde hair. Unlike Skylar, he had very light blue eyes as opposed to Skylar's midnight blue eyes, and Sven's hair was shorter than Skylar's hair (Sven's hair was military cut length). Sven laughed.

"What's so funny?" Skylar asked.

"Kyle is; he is so shy about certain things but he will openly check me out without trying to hide it."

Skylar laughed.

Oh my God! Was I that fucking obvious? I felt my blush deepen, which made Sven laugh again.

"Yeah, he is not very good at hiding his attraction to people. He checks me out all the time," Skylar said with a laugh.

"Well that is nothing new," Sven added with a laugh. Then he turned to me and said, "I'm completely fine with you checking me out so don't worry," he added with a wink. Then he looked over at Skylar's naked body and then at me (although I made to sure to cover my junk with a blanket) and said, "I should probably ditch my clothes since nude is apparently the dress code here."

Skylar shrugged. "I was going to have Kyle and I put some clothes on but if you want to save us the hassle go ahead."

Sven grinned at me. "Admit that you want to see me naked and I will join the nude club with you guys," he told me.

"I..." I stammered while blushing heavily. I looked over at Skylar and he looked amused, clearly not caring what I answered with but curious about how I would respond.

"Shame on you, Sven," a beautiful, tenor voice chastised. 

We all looked over as Skylar's other older brother, Seeley, walked through the door. If I were to describe Seeley in one word it would be "ethereal." Although Seeley would never be mistaken for a woman, he would be described as beautiful instead of handsome. 
