 This is the second chapter in the story of my matches with Will and Bob. If you haven't seen it, you might want to go back and read about my victory in the battle with Will. Enjoy! - Feelingbrave.

The match with Will had lasted no more than about 10 - 15 minutes though it had seemed much longer to me. Needless to say, the exertion, arousal, heat and humidity had left me tired and even sweatier than when we had started. We agreed on a 10 minute break before I had to wrestle Bob. As we relaxed and had a drink, we engaged in some good natured banter about my forcing Will to submit and whether he had deliberately lost so I could sexually abuse him. He countered that I certainly didn't seem to mind having his hands and tongue all over my crotch, a charge I didn't bother to deny. Bob trash talked about how he'd get revenge for Will by doing the same things to me as I had subjected his partner to. Looking over at his naked, shiny, body, I wasn't to surprised that the thought of having him drag his 8-inch cock across my face while I was helpless to prevent it was making me hard. 

After the break, we reapplied the baby oil (I think more out of a desire for gratuitous groping than need ) and Bob and I began our match. Bob was closer to my size at 6'2 and about 205 pounds and in about the same shape. I noticed the way the combination of sweat and oil matted the dark hair that spread across his chest and down his belly to the thick patch of pubic hair surrounding his groin. Our slick cocks were semi hard from the groping/oiling, sticking out in front of us as inviting targets to grab. 

As the match started, two things became clear very quickly. First, the match with Will had taken a lot out of me, as I began to tire rapidly. Second, Bob had obviously wrestled before, as he clearly knew what he was doing. In no time at all he had me on the mat, flat on my back. Lying atop me, he grabbed my wrists and pinned them to the mat over my head. At the same time he trapped my legs with his, effectively spread-eagling me under his weight. Struggle as I might, in the position he had me, I could get no leverage to unseat him and he knew it. 

Twisting and struggling in vain, I couldn't get away. The more I tried, the more it served to rub our slippery, oiled bodies against each other in an erotic dance. I was acutely aware of the feeling of my hard, sensitive nipples rubbing against the coarse hair of his chest and of his warm breath on my face. Every time I squirmed my hips, it rubbed our hard cocks together between our bodies. The more I twisted and strained, the more intense the feeling in my balls until I knew if I tried anymore I'd have no choice but to cum. Realizing my predicament, Bob began taunting me, telling me how he could make me cum anytime he wanted me to, a point he emphasized by teasingly grinding his hips into me in a slow, circular, erotic motion that made his swollen cock roll back and forth over mine. All I could do was moan with pleasure and the knowledge of the truth - I was his toy.

I knew I was done for but I wasn't ready to surrender. Immobilized and helpless, my mind raced as the implications of the situation set in. No longer a surprise to me, I realized that I liked being trapped underneath him and that I liked being at his mercy. What did surprise me was how turned on I was thinking about the fate that awaited me. Not only was another guy probably about to make me cum, but I still had to wrestle the two of them at the same time with my virginity at stake and there was no way for me to win! My body was going to be theirs to use as they pleased to satisfy their lust! How long ago had it been that I couldn't let my self to surrender to Will because I wasn't mentally ready to have sex with another guy? Now here I was, more sexually excited than I'd ever been, facing just that fact.

Suddenly, out of nowhere, Bob kissed me full on the mouth! Surprised, I tried in vain to turn away from him but I had nowhere to go. He forced my mouth open with his tongue and proceeded to stick it down my throat in a deep French kiss. At first I tried to resist this invasion of my body, shocked by the brazenness of his act, but I soon acquiesced, relaxing my mouth and giving up all resistance. My tongue met his, twirling and dancing in what became an increasingly passionate kiss. My flesh tingled with the power of the moment, leaving me almost breathless. I have no idea how long the kiss lasted, I'd long ago lost track of time, but it seemed like forever and not long enough. With one last quick grind of his hips, my cock exploded. My body tensed and arced, pushing me against him, as my gooey load spewed between us to mix with the sweat and baby oil. The strength of my orgasm shook me to my curled toes as it seemed to go on and on in endless waves of intense pleasure. There was no need for me to speak my surrender.

After a moment to catch his breath, Bob got up off of me, leaving me dazed, tired, sweaty and prone on the mat. Being kissed on the mouth like that had been a shock - it felt so personal. While I had secretly hoped he would straddle me and rub his cock on my face and lips as I had done to Will, I had been a little repulsed by the idea of him kissing me. The thing that I couldn't deny, however, was that I REALLY liked that he had forced me to have an orgasm. The intensity of his kiss is what had pushed me over the edge and made me come, something that had never happened with any of my girlfriends. I laughed inwardly. The first time a guy made me cum and it was with a kiss of all things!

Will couldn't resist coming over to where I lay and reminding me of how I had humiliated him. He let me know that I was going to get that and more in the two on one match to come. Bob was a little more sympathetic. Handing me a towel to clean up the sticky mess on my belly, he reminded me that they had agreed to stop if I didn't feel comfortable with anything that was going on. I told him I'd remember but we'd already come so far I didn't think it would be fair to them if I backed out now. I didn't say out loud that I was actually beginning to look forward to my inevitable fate, though I think the look in my eyes might have given me away. I did have one request however, if they decided to fuck me, go slow and use a lot of lubricant and condoms. With this agreed, I prepared myself for the inevitable.