 "Man, what's he doing in there? I've got to piss like a racehorse." Rick said to Darryl. They were talking about Bruce who'd been in the lavatory for the past few minutes. 

Rick, Darryl, Gary, Warren and Bruce were all spending the evening at Darryl's house. Their respective wives had all met the fall before at a support group for women who couldn't bear children. The wives had bonded over their shared lack and had become fast friends. 

At first they had met in twos and threes to have coffee or see a movie but in the last few months the friendships had escalated. Now, they met every Friday night at one or another's house and had a regular hen party until all hours. And, of course, their husbands were expected to accompany them even though they usually got shunted aside while the girls gossiped and carried on.

Which is how the boys all wound up sitting in Darryl's "den" with the TV on and a beer in their hand.

Rick had had two cans of beer in quick succession as soon as he'd arrived and was working on another. That was the reason his bladder was about to burst.

Gary was on the sofa beside Rick and Darryl, Bruce was in the lavatory and Warren had said he needed to get something from his car just before they had all come into the den. The den was converted from the garage, Darryl had insulated it and carpeted and installed the lavatory. It was where he spent most of his time. It was down a hallway from the main house and he liked the privacy.

"I'm actually getting cramps." Rick said. "I'll never make it upstairs to the other john."

"Just go knock on the door." Gary said.

"Fuck this, I don't care if he's on the toilet or beating off or whatever, I'll piss down the sink but I can't wait any longer."

He got up and stepped over to the lavatory door and turned the handle. When he flung the door open, Rick, Darryl and Gary were confronted not with just Bruce but Bruce and Warren both. Warren was leaning back against the vanity with his pants around his ankles. Bruce was on his knees in front of him with Warren's fat hard cock buried in his mouth.

"Sorry, you guys, but this can't wait." Rick said. He pushed his way around the two men and stepped up to the toilet and unzipped. He hauled out a long and fat cock and let it dangle while a thick stream of piss squirted into the bowl and turned the water to froth.

Sighing with relief, Rick turned his head and took in the other two men. Bruce was still on his knees with his hard dick in his hand and Warren was still leaning back against the vanity but his erect cock was standing up and out in front of Bruce's face. 

"Were you just sucking on Warren's dick?" he asked Bruce. Gary and Darryl, standing looking in the doorway now, both let out a snort of laughter.

"I never pegged you for a cocksucker, Bruce." Rick said.

"Yeah, well, surprise surprise!" Bruce responded. 

Warren didn't say anything, he just turned beet red.

"How come you never offered to suck my dick?" Rick asked. He had finished pissing and he turned to face the others. His fat uncut cock hung down in front of him, at least 5 thick inches of soft meat. A drop of piss glistened on the opening of his foreskin. He reached into his fly and hauled out a surprisingly large ball sack and pair of big nuts and let them dangle with his cock.

"My dick is bigger than his and its prettier, too." Rick said. Gary and Darryl laughed again. He did have a big dick and it was pretty.

"I never pegged you for a guy who let other guys suck his cock." Bruce answered.

"Fuck, you ever met any guy who would turn down a free blowjob? Especially from someone who knows what he's doing and from the looks of it, you do."

"Let me finish up with Warren here and you can have my next appointment." Bruce said, giving Rick a smirk.

"I'm going to take you up on that, cocksucker." he replied.

"Hell, if he gets a blowjob I want one, too." Gary said.

"And it's my house; you should have offered to blow me first." Darryl said and they all laughed.

"Get your clothes off and get in line if you're serious." Bruce said. "Either you want it or you don't."

The three looked at each other and Gary said, "Fuck, I'm not turning down a free blowjob." and started undressing.

Darryl walked over and turned the knob lock on the door and threw a bolt, too. When he turned around Gary was standing nude with a surprisingly big upright erection.

He, Rick, Warren and Bruce all came into the room and started shedding their clothes until all 5 of them stood nude in front of each other. Darryl and Rick could have passed for brothers; they both had thick muscular builds and hairy chests and bodies. Their cocks matched, too, both big and meaty over fat ball sacks. Darryl was circumcised and that was the only notable difference.

Gary and Bruce shared a lot of similarities, too. Both were lean and willowy with pale, almost hairless bodies. They both had hard cocks standing up and were a similar 7 inches or so.

Warren was slightly older than the others and his body was softer but still powerful looking. He had a thick patch of hair between his meaty pecs and a full bush over his erect cock. His cock was extra fat with a wide flanged head and a pair of large balls in a tight sack underneath.

"Damn, I've always fantasized about messing with another guy but I never had the nerve before. I can't believe we're doing this. This is the hottest thing I've ever done." Gary said.

Bruce said, "Okay, Warren, take a seat." indicating the sectional. "I need to get back to taking care of business after being so rudely interrupted."

Warren sat down and Bruce crouched between his legs and swallowed his fat cock head again.

"We've done this before." Warren told the group. "It started at that cookout we had a couple of months ago and we've hooked up a few times since. Bruce is an expert cocksucker."

"Man, you've been holding out on us." Gary said. 

He looked over at Darryl and Rick whose cocks were starting to harden and then he turned so that he was facing them.

"Can I touch your cocks?" he asked.

"Sure," Rick said. "Play with them all you want."

He put a hand under each man's cock and weighed them in his hand.

"They feel heavy, I never expected that." he said.

"Stroke them a little bit." Darryl said and Gary complied, jacking both cocks until they were fully hard.

"I can't wait to see these big boys in action." Gary told them. Still holding onto each cock he looked over his shoulder to where Bruce's head was bobbing up and down on Warren's stiff dick.

Releasing the cocks in his hands he said, "I want to get a better look at this."

He sat down on the sofa next to Warren and Bruce immediately wrapped a hand around his hard cock.

"I'm really going to get off on watching you get blown." he told Warren, wrapping an arm over his shoulder.

Bruce looked up and said, "Your cock has my next appointment."

Darryl and Rick sat down side by side on the other half of the sectional and watched the action. Gary was running his hands over Bruce's shoulders and even reached down under him and stroked his cock.

Darryl looked over at the thick cock standing up from Rick's crotch and said, "You look pretty turned on. I've never really seen an uncut cock close up before."

Rick replied, "You can stroke it if you want."

Darryl looked dubious for a moment but then he reached over and closed his hand around the rigid shaft. He jacked the loose skin up and down a few times, watching the meaty hood retract and then recover the fat cock head. 

"I always wondered what that feels like." he told Rick.

Rick responded by reaching over and wrapping his hand around Darryl's upright cock and giving it a few strokes.

"I always wondered if it makes your cock more or less sensitive if they cut it." he said.

"Right now, I'd say more sensitive." Darryl said, smiling. "I never would have believed earlier today that I'd be sitting here tonight with a big hard cock in my hand and a good looking man stroking my stiff dick."

"And I could say the same thing." Rick replied. He released Darryl's cock and reached between his legs and scooped up his fat balls. "These things are heavy." he told Darryl. "They need to be emptied."

"That's the plan as soon as my turn comes."

They went back to stroking each other's dick and Darryl asked, "You're pretty cool about all of this. You've had guys suck you off before, haven't you?"

Rick replied, "When I was in the Navy. It seemed like every bar we went into had at least one cocksucker hungry for Navy dick. They usually were willing to pay for it, too, so me and my buddies weren't about to turn down easy beer money. So, yeah, I've been blown before."

"I haven't." Darryl replied. "I sit here some nights and watch porn and I fantasize about it, though."

"I'm just sorry I never took the opportunity to fuck any of those guys in the ass, back then." Rick said. "I feel like I missed out on something."

Bruce was still bobbing away on Warren's fat cock and Gary was exploring Bruce's body. He got up and stood behind him looking down and said, "Goddamn, you've got a hotter looking ass than my wife. You guys should check this out."

"In case it gives you any ideas, I like getting fucked in it, too." Bruce said.

Gary squatted down behind him and spread his cheeks to look at his ass hole. His cock was so stiff it was bouncing with his heart beat.

Darryl leant down and opened the drawer in the bottom of the coffee table and drew out a big jar of lube.

"This is what I use to jerk off with." he told Gary. "It ought to work for fucking butt, too."

He tossed it to Gary who opened it and proceeded to lube up his stiff dick.

Darryl moved to close the drawer but Rick stopped him, saying, "What else have you got in there? I see something pink."

He opened the drawer all of the way and said, "I found Darryl's toy box!"

He reached into the drawer and pulled out a short squat black cylindrical object. The shaft tapered to a blunt point and the was a deep groove near the base. He held it up and looked at Darryl.

"It's a butt plug." Darryl said. "I use it some time when I beat off."

"In your ass?" Rick asked.

"Yeah, haven't you ever played with your butt hole before?" 

"Not hardly." Rick replied.

He reached into the drawer and pulled out a big flesh colored dildo that looked like a realistic vein covered cock.

"You stick this up your butt, too?" he asked.

"Yeah, you wouldn't believe how it feels to shoot your load when your ass is filled. It's so good it gets addictive."

Rick held the dildo up beside his cock and compared them.

"This thing is slightly bigger than my dick." he said. "That must have taken some practice. You ever had a real cock up there?"

"Nope." Darryl replied. "But that doesn't mean I wouldn't try it if the right cock came along."

Rick noticed that he was staring at his hard cock.

Next Rick pulled out a couple of leather and Velcro straps and showed them to Darryl.

"Cock rings." Darryl stated. "Don't tell me you've never used a cock ring?"

"What do they do?" Rick asked.

"Here, let me show you."

He took one of the straps and stood in front of Rick. He looped the strap under his heavy ball sack and then pulled it tight across the base of his cock shaft on the other side and pressed the Velcro together. More blood pumped into his cock and it swelled and darkened a shade as it stood erect.

"Let me put one on you." Darryl told him.

He knelt between Rick's muscular thighs and lifted his heavy ball sack while slipping the leather strap underneath.

"I'm not the only one who needs a draining." he said, fondling the fat balls. 

He dropped Rick's nut sack and pulled the strap tight around his cock and balls and fastened it, then gave his swollen cock a few friendly pumps. The deep red cock stood straight up in the air, even fatter than before and the head poking out of the foreskin.

Gary, meanwhile, had eased his greasy dick up into Bruce's tight ass hole and pressed until it was fully engulfed in the tight chute.

"Oh, man, I always wondered what it felt like to fuck a guy's butt." he said. "This is better than any pussy. It's so tight and hot up there." 

He slowly started to fuck his cock in and out of the tight ring and Bruce spread his legs further apart and tipped his ass up to give him better access.

Suddenly they heard the sound of a pair of high heels clattering down the hallway outside and then the knob being tried. All five men froze.

"What are you boys doing in there?" they heard Rick's wife call through the door.

"We're watching football, drinking beer, eating snacks, belching and farting." Rick called back.

He looked down to where Darryl still crouched between his thighs and watched as Darryl opened his mouth and closed it around his swollen cock head and began to swab the hot meat with his tongue while Rick squirmed.

"Yuck, you guys are so gross!" his wife called back. "Just stay in there. We're doing each other's hair and giving ourselves facials and we don't want you all to see us."

Rick was gasping as the hot tongue teased his cock but he managed to gasp out, "Don't worry, dear, we have everything we need to keep us happy."

The high heels clattered off in the opposite direction and Rick reached down and smacked Darryl on the head.

"You bastard!" he said.

"You should have seen your face! Taking a mouth full of cock was worth it just to see your expression." Darryl said.

Rick reached into the drawer and pulled out another toy. This one resembled an oversized crooked finger made from hard black plastic. On the end there was a fat black knob.

"And what the hell is this?" he asked.

"It stimulates your prostate when you stick it up your butt." Darryl said.

"You mean like when the doctor feels around up there? This is supposed to feel good?"

"Jesus, you really are a dummy." Darryl replied.

He looked over to where Gary, Bruce and Warren were huddled. Gary had his cock buried in Bruce's spread ass and Bruce had Warren's cock in his mouth, nursing on it as his hole got plowed. They were all three oblivious to anything else.

He reached over and grabbed the jar of lube that Gary had used.

"Okay, numbnuts, I'm going to teach you about your prostate." he told Rick.

He grabbed Rick's legs under the knees and lifted, pushing them up and back so that his ass turned up and spread open. Darryl could see his tight sphincter buried in a mass of wiry hair and he stroked the tiny hole with his finger tip.

"Its obvious nothing has ever been up this little pucker." he said.

"You're damned right." Rick replied. "You're looking at a virgin." 

His cock, tightly bound up in the cock ring, was pulsing with blood where it lay glued to his abdomen.

Darryl scooped up a finger full of lube and began to massage Rick's tight ass hole. 

As he stroked it, Rick said, "That feels pretty good."

He stroked it a little more and then placed his fingertip against the tightly furled hole. He pressed and his finger sank to the first knuckle inside of Rick's ass. Rick's body stiffened and jerked but as Darryl slowly fucked his fingertip in and out of the hole, Rick relaxed.

"That feels really hot." Rick said, and then gasped as Darryl sank another knuckle's worth of finger into his hole.

Slowly fucking his finger in and out, he eventually buried his entire finger up Rick's ass.

"Okay, this is your prostate." Darryl said. 

He wiggled his finger around inside of Rick's ass until he found the smooth knot of flesh and pressed it. Rick's body stiffened and he raised his hips. His cock was stiff as a crowbar and thick precum was flowing out of the distended piss slit.

"Holy fuck, what are you doing up there?" Rick gasped as his hips involuntarily pumped up and down, riding the finger up his ass.

"Feel good?" 

"It feels like I'm shooting my load every time you hit that spot." Rick said. "Is that how it feels when a broad gets fucked?"

"No, but it's how it feels when a guy gets fucked, if he's lucky."

He slowly withdrew his finger from Rick's tight ass ring and said, "Want to try the toy now?"

"Hell, yeah, if it feels like that."

Darryl picked up the black finger toy and coated it with a thick layer of lube. He pressed it against Rick's reddened ass hole and watched as it started to disappear. He slowly fed it into the tight hole and when it was all the way in up to the knob he watched as Rick moved his ass, feeling it bang against his gland.

He grabbed the fat black knob and jiggled the toy in Rick's hole and watched him squirm in ecstasy. Rick wrapped both hands around his swollen, dripping cock and held it straight up from his crotch.

They both became conscious of Gary making a low moaning noise and the sound of his sweaty hips slapping against Bruce's vibrating ass cheeks. He made a final growl deep in his throat and thrust his cock all the way to his balls up Bruce's hole. Tremors passed over his body as he squirted the hot juice out of his balls, up his cock shaft and into Bruce's burning fuck tunnel.

He backed his still stiff dick out of the tight hole and Warren jumped up, saying, "I've got to fuck that hole next."

Bruce grimaced as he pressed his thick cock into his gaping ass hole in one swift thrust.

"Damn, if I'd known your cock felt that good I would have had you fuck me months ago." he told Warren.

"I need to fuck something, too." Rick said, standing up. "This thing in my ass is driving me crazy." 

His distended cock was bouncing up and down and a steady stream of thick clear precum leaked from his slit.

"You want to try my ass on?" Darryl asked him.

"Oh, fuck, yeah. That's exactly the ass I want."

Darryl swept the things littering the coffee table off onto the floor and lay down on his back so that his ass hung over the edge and then raised his legs till his knees rested against his shoulders. He scooped up a big gob of lube and used his fingers to stuff it up his puckered hole. When he was good and greased, he stroked more lube over Rick's pulsing dick. Then he laid back, his ass spread wide and his little opening pulsing in the deep hairy crack.

"Put it in me slow." he instructed Rick.

Gary was watching and crawled over to where Rick and Darryl were.

"Are you guys going to fuck? Can I watch?" he asked.

"Front row center." Rick replied. 

He was rubbing his thick cock head up and down in Darryl's wide spread crack. He stopped with the fat head resting against the tiny ass hole, and then began to press. The pucker slowly unfurled and Rick and Gary watched as the meaty cock head disappeared into Darryl's ass.

"Fuck, that looks hot." Gary said. "I want to get fucked, too."

"The first minute or two hurts, just until I loosen up." Darryl told them.

Rick held still so that Darryl could become accustomed to the thick cock invading his ass and then he began to press forward again. The thick vein covered shaft smoothly slid into Darryl's hole until it was buried inside with Rick's wiry pubes mingling with the dark hair growing around Darryl's fuck hole.

"Goddamn, when I thrust forward this toy up my ass pokes right against my prostate." Rick said.

"That's the whole idea. Start fucking me and see how it feels."

Rick began to fuck his cock in and out of Darryl's tight ass ring, softly moaning all the while.

"This is going to take so getting used to. It feels like I'm going to cum every time I fuck into you. But it's really hot to look down and instead of you being all smooth I see your big cock and balls bouncing when I fuck you." Rick replied.

Gary was watching the two men fuck and even though he had just emptied his balls up Bruce's ass, his cock started stiffening again.

He glanced over at Bruce, now with his head on the floor and his ass raised and spread while Warren's wide meat slid in and out of his juicy hole.
