 "Gay for a Day"

Max had just gotten off the phone with Cindy Margolis, who with very little finesse, dumped him. He had been dumped before although it had been a while. The problem was tomorrow was Halloween. The best parties of the year would be all over campus and now he didn't have a date. 

Thankfully finding ladies had never been that difficult given his long blonde hair, blue eyes and washboard stomach. He reached for his little black book when there was a knock at the door. 

"Hey Lance!" he smiled, "What's up? Come on in." 

Lance was his roommate from last year. Six weeks into the semester his original roommate quit school and moved back home. One week later Lance took the room. Now Lance was pretty much the perfect opposite from Max. Where Max had blonde hair and blue eyes, Lance had dark hair and brown eyes. He was from Belize, had that little accent, and was handsome by any measure.

The problem was Lance was gay. And to his credit he announced as much to Max that first day hoping to avoid any issues. Max found it hard to believe that Lance played for the other team. He would have been the perfect wing man. 

But none the less they had a long discussion and set down all the rules. And they had lived by those rules for the rest of the year without incident. They both saw plenty of action. Lance had his 'dates' over. They would go inside his room and have their fun. There was no PDA outside his room as set by the rules. And that same rule applied to Max and his girlfriends. Of course that didn't stop the moans and groans coming through the thin walls of the dorm. And there had been plenty of those. 

The one thing they had in common was the gym. Once they discovered that, that worked out together all the time. And that bridge helped them become the best of friends. Lance moved to an apartment at the end of the year, but they had stayed in touch. 

"How's it going man?" Max asked. 

"Not too bad," Lance smiled. "Just six more months and I graduate. Do you believe it?"

"It just goes to show the failures of higher education," Max teased. "You got plans for tomorrow night? I love Halloween." 

"Well a friend of mine throws this kick ass party every year. Everyone goes all out for this thing. The costumes are outrageous. It is by far the wildest event of the year." 

"Sounds cool," Max said. He tried to picture a bunch of gay guys dressed in outrageous costumes, but who was he to judge. 

"Actually...that's why I dropped by," Lance said. "I know you won't believe this, but I have been seeing this guy for a while." 

Max was stunned. Lance had more lovers than anyone he had ever known. He couldn't imagine him trimming down to just one guy. 

"Hell must be pretty chilly right about now..." Max teased. 

"Yeah, I know. Go figure," Lance smiled. "I was going to go with Rusty, but that asshole dumped me this morning." Max could see there was more to it than Lance was letting on. "So now the biggest party of the year is tomorrow and I don't have a date." 

Max could remember a time when talking about relationships with Lance would have been unheard of. But somewhere along the line that had changed. 

"Bummer dude." 

"Do you have plans for the big night?" Lance asked. 

"No, not really. I'm pretty much in the same boat." Max grinned, "As impossible as this sounds, I got dumped too. I'm pretty sure this is a sign that the end of the world is near," he chuckled. 

"Yeah, no shit," Lance laughed pulling out a joint, "but not before we get high." He lit it and passed it to Max. "So I have a favor to ask of you. I know it sounds petty, and I guess it is really, but what the fuck. I want to make Rusty jealous, as in really jealous. I want you to go to that party with me." 

Max coughed up the hit he had just taken. 

"Let's face it," Lance said, "you're a fucking hunk in both worlds." They bumped fists as Lance took a hit. He passed it back to Max and let the smoke out slowly. "Rusty will absolutely freak when he sees me showing up with you." 

"Dude, the gay scene just doesn't do it for me. You know that. Partying with a bunch of guys...I can't see it," Max said taking a hit. 

"Oh they'll be plenty of chicks there...hot chicks," Lance said taking a hit. "Your team doesn't like to dance...mine does. Chicks dig it." He let the smoke out slowly, "And since all the guys are gay...they really cut loose." 

Max liked what he was hearing. 

"A man could have a field day at this party...a straight man that is. He would have all those chicks to himself," Lance said taking another hit. "Chicks love a challenge. And showing a 'gay' man the error of his ways...it's like fucking catnip. They can't resist." He knew Max would like that part. "But here's the deal. You have to be gay for a day. Rusty has to see you with me. Now if you just happen to get a few numbers while he is not looking..." 

"Fuck man...I don't know about this," Max said going back and forth in his mind. "What about costumes?" 

"Dude...got it covered. All you got to do is show up. It would mean a lot to me," Lance said honestly. "And hey...to show you how much it means to me...I'll throw in the best blowjob you ever had." 

Max thought back to all those moans and groans coming through that dorm wall. This party really meant something for Lance to offer sex. 

"Dude...you know I don't play that way," Max said. "But if it means that much to you...I'll do it." 

The next afternoon Max knocked on the door. "Hey brother, ready to be gay for a day?" Lance teased letting him in. 

"Yeah, right," Max grinned a little uncomfortable. He followed Lance into his bedroom. 

"Here's your costume dude," Lance said handing him some clothes on his bed. 

"Dude, what's this?" Max asked holding a thick silver bracelet. 

"It's a cock ring. Models wear it to enhance the bulge." 

Max wasn't sure how to take that. "You don't think I have the goods?" he asked cupping his boys. 

"Oh no...you got the goods all right," Lance smiled. "But who doesn't want to be Johnny Holmes for a night?" 

Max smiled, "Yeah, ok. How do I put this thing on?" 

"Want me to show you?" Lance teased. Max gave him a look. "Bathroom is over there." 

Max went into the bathroom and closed the door. He took off his clothes and picked up the cock ring. It looked simple enough, just a solid piece of silver about an inch thick. Clearly he needed to stuff his junk through it. 

He slipped it over his cock and tried to push his balls through what was left. Clearly that was not going to work. Then he tried another approach. He pulled it free and slipped his balls through first and was able to squeeze his flaccid cock underneath the remaining space. He pulled his cock and balls out as he pushed the ring up flush to his body. 

One thing was for sure. You couldn't get that thing on if you were hard. That would be impossible. Consequently, the reverse would be true too. If you were hard, it wasn't coming off. 

Max looked at himself in the mirror. The ring applied a constant pressure against his cock and balls. It didn't hurt, but he was definitely aware of its presence. All that fumbling around had him half hard. 

He looked down and saw the silk thong. Shit! Lance didn't expect him to wear that, did he? He picked it up. It was very light, soft and almost see-through. If he hadn't seen the little seam in the crotch he would have said they were for women. What the fuck. He stepped through them and pulled them in place. He ran his hand over his crotch and winced from the cool feel of silk against his cock. He wasn't so sure about the strap going up his ass. He was not used to wearing a thong. 

The cock ring pushed everything against that silk making him look twice as big. That brought a smile to his face. He wiggled his hips doing an Elvis roll, "You ain't nothing but a burning hunk of love..." he said into the mirror. Yeah, it looked gay as hell, but it felt pretty damn good. 

He picked up the pants. They were red and made of satin. "No fucking way!" Max protested checking them out. They had a double row of buttons going down the crotch, but they were just for looks. Hidden on each side were zippers. 

Yeah, he agreed to be gay, but this...this was ridiculous. Who the fuck wore pants like these? He stepped into them and pulled them up quickly realizing they were bell bottom hip huggers, really low cut hip huggers. He let out all his air and pulled the zippers up. 

It was like wearing a vice. Those fuckers were so tight he was afraid to move. He turned towards the mirror to check them out. He was not ready for what he saw. Gay didn't begin to cover it. He was wearing skin tight hip huggers made of satin. They barely came up enough to cover his cock, which at that moment, was hard as hell. 

The silk thong, cock ring and now tight pants had him raring to go and you could see the bulge a mile away. He turned to look at the back. His thong was peeking out the back. Great! He did his best to stuff it back down into the hip huggers. He grabbed the tie-dyed tank top and pulled it over his head. The damn thing was too short. There had to be a good five inches of skin between it and those fucking hip huggers. 

He walked out of the bathroom, "Dude, this is so gay." 

"Exactly," Lance said quite pleased. Max's six-pack was easily seen. And that fucking bulge was perfect! "Here...put these on," he said handing him platform shoes. 

"Fuck man...this cock ring is going to be a problem," Max said staring at his crotch. 

"No man...everything is cool. Here...this will take the edge off," he said handing Max a blue pill. 

"What's this?" he asked noticing Lance had changed into his costume. He was wearing sailor whites and they looked like they had been sprayed on. "Is that spandex?" He figured Lance must have been wearing a cock ring too. You couldn't miss that massive bulge. 

"It's a little piece of heaven," Lance smiled taking one himself. "Come on man, let's go." 

Max couldn't believe he was walking out in public dressed the way he was. But if Lance could do it, so could he. 

They didn't say much riding in the car. Max's mouth was really dry, his tongue felt thick. He had a decent buzz going, but that wasn't what he was thinking about. He was thinking about his cock. 

It was hard as hell since the moment he put that cock ring on. Normally that wouldn't have bugged him, but wearing the skin tight hip huggers pretty much announced it to the world. He glanced at Lance's lap. He was just as hard. 

He nudged his bulge with hand. He wasn't just hard, he was steel hard. That nudge felt so fucking good. He glanced at Lance to see if he noticed. He hadn't, so he snuck in another. 

They got to the party and Lanced parked the car. He actually opened Max's door. 

"You're shitting me!" Max said shocked. 

"Gay for a day, remember?" 

Not only was he on a date, he was the date. His eyes were level with Lance's bulge. It looked like it had actually gotten bigger. 

"Just go with it," Lance said offering his hand. Max looked around nervously as he took Lance's hand and got out of the car. Lance slipped his arm around his waist and they headed for the house. Max's platform shoes made all kinds of noise as they went up the sidewalk. 

Lance gave him a playful slap on the ass, "Man that's tight. You need to swing that thing a little...you know, show it off." 

They had never talked 'gay' before. Lance was always 'straight' around him. He realized it would be different tonight. He put one hand on his hip, exaggerated his walk horribly, "You mean like this big boy?" He was just playing around, but he could see that Lance liked it. He stopped immediately. 

Music pouring out of the house as Lance opened the door. The place was packed. Max scanned the room looking at all the wild costumes. It was mostly guys, but there were a few chicks too. The music was blaring, people dancing. Well it was guys dancing. And Max quickly learned that gay guys dance way different than straight guys. They were all over each other. And they were grinding against each other too. He immediately thought of his erection, the cock ring. Grinding was out of the picture, not going to happen. There was no way. 

"Let's get a drink," he said to Lance. 

Lance shot him a smile, "Yeah...through here," he said leading him by the hand to the kitchen. 

Max couldn't believe what he was seeing on the way to the kitchen. Not only were the guys grinding each other on the dance floor, but some had already started pairing up. He caught two guys kissing against the wall from the corner of his eye. Yeah, this was going to be different. 

He held on to Lance's hand as they made their way through the crowd. He noticed that he was getting his fair share of looks. These guys must know Lance. Hell, Lance probably fucked half of them. 

The closer they got to the kitchen he realized they weren't looking at him so much as they were looking at the bulge in his hip huggers. They wanted to get their hands on that bulge. He smiled at the thought. Yeah, it was a little twisted, but he actually put a little swing in his ass just for good measure. 

He noticed two chicks standing beside the dance floor. One was dressed as Zorro with black eye mask, black top, black satin hot pants, thigh high leather boots and a whip. Her friend was dressed as a cop in a spandex crop top with hat and badge, extremely short spandex skirt with garter straps coming down holding her stockings with a pair of handcuffs hanging off her belt. They were both smoking hot. He shot them a grin as Lance pulled him into the kitchen. 

"Whiskey or beer?" the guy asked behind the make shift bar. 

"Whiskey," Max said. He watched the guy pour half a plastic cup full of whiskey followed by a dash of water. Then he picked up a penis straw, plunked in and handed it to Max. 

"Thanks," Max said staring at the penis straw. It was pink of course with a wildly exaggerated head with a slit just where it was suppose to be with two balls underneath. Lance got a kick out of the look on Max's face. 

"Whiskey," Lance ordered. Of course he got a penis straw too. Max glanced around the kitchen. There were penis straws everywhere. How did he miss that before? 

Lance took the penis straw between his lips, took a nice, long pull. Max took a deep breath, slipped his lips around that bulbous head and sucked a stream through the slit. It was almost pure whiskey. Yes, it felt just like it looked. He imagined this had to be very much like having a cock in your mouth. Every guy in the room knew exactly what that was like...except him. 

"Hello Lance." Max turned to see a surfer dude standing next to Lance. He had blonde hair, blue eyes. He was wearing a pair of jeans, low on the hips, open vest, no shirt. He had a magnificent body, ripped and defined. 

"Hello Rusty," Lance said. Now Max understood why it had to be him. The guy could have been his twin. 

"That didn't take long," Rusty said in a nasty tone as he eyeballed Max. 

Lance smiled, "Not long at all..." He turned to Max and gave him a quick peck on the lips. It was so quick that Max didn't see it coming. He felt his face flush. It was over before it actually started, which he was grateful for. "See you around," Lance said easing his hand around Max's waist and leading him out of the kitchen. 

"Holy shit dude!" Max said under his breath. "You got to warn me about these things." 

"Don't worry, you did fine. That asshole is really pissed. I love it." 

They walked back into the main room. Max scanned the room for the bandit and cop. They were dancing together across the room. Man they looked hot together. He felt his cock throb. All these chicks were off the chart just like Lance said. 

Lance noticed Rusty followed them into the room. He grabbed Max's hand and led him to the dance floor. Max wanted to dance by the cop and bandit, but the floor was too crowded. Lance twirled him around and started moving to the music. Max started dancing too. 

His cock was so hard. He couldn't remember the last time he had been so horny. He could see the other guys checking him out. Lance moved in, grabbed his hips. Max realized he was getting ready to grind on him. He wasn't ready for that, but he couldn't very well put his hands out to stop him. Maybe if he gave him a look, something. But it was too late, Lance moved right in, mashed his amazingly hard cock right against his. 

Warning sirens went off in his head. His face flushed. He did a nervous glance from side to side, but no one paid any attention to them. Lance was rubbing his cock against his in time with the music. It was sexual, very sexual. 

Those sirens began to fade, slowly being replaced with the incredibly erotic feel of Lance's cock rubbing against his. He found himself falling into his rhythm, undulating his hips in perfect time with Lance. 

Lance saw Rusty watching them. He turned back to Max, who for a second, worried Lance was going to kiss him again. Max turned his head so he couldn't. 

That's when he noticed Lara Croft dancing right next to them. She was wearing a skin tight spandex top, no bra, her boobs rolling sensuously with the music. She was wearing short shorts with a black holster around her hips, tied to her legs, sporting two massive guns. And hanging right there in the middle was a huge black cock! 

Max did a double take. Holy shit! It was so big it needed several straps to hold it in place. He couldn't believe this chick was dancing with a strapon! She was having a blast swinging it around as she rolled her hips. 

She saw him looking, gave him a sexy grin, ran her tongue along her lip. Max grinned back thinking she was a total knockout. 

She danced her way behind him, reached around and grabbed Lance's waist, pinning Max between them. Max felt that big black cock pushed up against his ass. He was way too horny for this kind of stuff. Max pushed his cock against Lance's, let Lance push him back, right into Lara's. He was in a cock sandwich! 

He felt her hands come up, search for his nipples as she drove that cock into his ass. She ran her tongue up his neck as she pinched making his cock throb and strain. 

Suddenly Max was the star of this homoerotic scene, being dominated by lover's front and back. He throbbed and pulsed against that cock ring. His pants were so tight, the slightest movement echoed throughout his body. He was beyond horny. 

She slid one hand down to cup his balls, obviously felt the cock ring. Lance backed off a little and let Lara have her way. He watched as she masterfully took control of Max, turning him into her submissive little gay boy. Max pushed back against her, rolling his hips, massaging that big black cock with his ass. 

She gave him a playful swat on the ass, turned and found another boy to molest. Lance moved back in, thrust his cock against that massive bulge in Max's hip huggers, picking up where she left off, dominating Max with the feel of his cock. Once again Max fell into his rhythm, feeling his hardness, enjoying it way more than he should. Lance was surprised with how well Max fell into his role as submissive little gay boy. 

The song ended and they made their way off the dance floor. Reality settled back in and Max suddenly felt very uncomfortable. What was he doing? He had crossed the line out there. He was so revved up. He slipped his lips around that penis straw and took a huge pull off his drink trying to calm down. 

He couldn't believe how horny he was. His cock felt like it was made of steel. He avoided looking at Lance, didn't want him to see the excitement in his eyes. Rubbing cocks together definitely put thoughts in his head, thoughts he knew were dangerous. 

Lance had seen it so many times before. If it were anyone but Max, he would have moved in, gone for the kill, chalked up another straight boy. But it was Max, so he gave him some space to cool off. "I'm going for a refill," he said holding up his cup. "Be back in a minute." 
