 This fictional series is about a bisexual man who has loved his straight best friend since early childhood. If you are looking solely for sex, this series may not be right for you because although there is sex, love is the dominating theme. I love hearing from my fans and any feedback is greatly appreciated. Let me know if you want to read more and I will continue writing this series if there is enough interest. Thank you and I hope you enjoy my story.

This chapter is for all of my fans that supported me throughout the four and a half years I have been writing on this site. Thank you for all of your feedback, support, and friendship; it means more to me than you will ever know.

All sexual encounters mentioned in my story involved people who are (or were) 18 years of age or older at the time. 

********

"Your mom sure knows how to make lasagna."

Skylar laughed. "You say that every time you eat it!"

"Well it's fuckin' delicious!" I exclaimed with a laugh.

We ate our supper in his bedroom while watching the movie "Taken" and now that the movie was over we discussed the supper we had while the movie's credits were playing. "She's got this secret ingredient she uses for the sauce."

"What's the ingredient?"

"If I told you I would have to kill you," Skylar stated, and to my surprise he grabbed me into a playful headlock. 

Ever since I blew him about four months ago he started making a habit of not making physical contact with me—except for when I gave him more blowjobs. We used to give each other hugs and do all sorts of other physical contact stuff but ever since the first blowjob other sorts of physical contact has been minimal.

"Hey!" I protested, trying to break free of the headlock—I wasn't having much luck. "Fine, you win. Mercy."

"I win again!" He exclaimed triumphantly, releasing me from the headlock but instead of letting me go he surprised me yet again and moved his arms down and embraced me from behind. I leaned back into his embrace and after about ten seconds he laid his cheek on the top of my head.

We just continued sitting on his bed in the embrace for a few more minutes. "I miss this," I told him.

He pulled away and I had to fight every instinct in my body to go back into his arms. "I—I do too," he said with a blush.

"Why have we stopped doing stuff like that?"

"You know why."

"I know why but I guess I don't fully understand it. I don't want it to be like this."

"Nobody is forcing you to suck my dick, you know. We can stop doing it if you that is what you want."

"I want to keep doing it," I said with a deep blush then added, "I just don't want the stuff we used to do like hugging to be impacted by it—do you want me to stop doing it?"

It was his turn to blush. "No," he admitted. 

"I guess I will keep sucking your cock then," I said awkwardly.

"I just don't know if you should. You are my best friend and separating myself from you like I have been isn't anything personal it is just something I feel like I need to do in order to not fuck up our friendship."

"I can't both hug you and blow you? That doesn't make sense."

"Can we not talk about this anymore please? At least not right now?"

"We don't need to talk about it right now."

"Thanks. I'm going to run these dishes downstairs and put them in the dishwasher but first I'm going to get rid of this bulky thing," he said, taking his sweatshirt off and placing it on the bed (he still had a muscle shirt on), then he grabbed the plates and walked out of his bedroom.

I grabbed the sweatshirt he had worn and brought it up to my nose and took a whiff. God, it smelt so good! It smelt just like him, and I loved his scent more than any other smell. I buried my nose as deep into his sweatshirt as I could (this time towards where his armpit had been) and took an even bigger whiff and I smelt his intoxicating scent and it smelt so good I couldn't hold back a moan.

"Are you smelling my sweatshirt?" Skylar's voice inquired.

I jumped and my face turned beet red. I have never been so embarrassed in my life! I just got caught red-handed sniffing his sweatshirt while simultaneously moaning.

Skylar had an amused face on but the look in his eyes held a dark hunger. He set the plates he had meant to put in the dishwasher down and said, "I forgot the cups and instead of making the extra trip I decided to come back for them and that is when I walked in on you sniffing and moaning on my sweatshirt." He went to the door and locked it. "If just smelling my sweatshirt does that much to you, it makes me wonder what other stuff might do," and with a wicked grin, he took off his muscle shirt and tossed it on the ground.

I stared at his sexy upper body and Skylar started flexing all the muscles in his upper body. Abs, biceps, pectorals, you name it, he flexed, all while keeping those dark, sexy eyes on me watching my reaction. He put his hand on his chest and very slowly ran it down his body until he reached the button on his jeans. He snapped the button on his jeans open and slowly unzipped his jeans. In a speed that surprised me, he stripped out of his jeans and I could se his semi-hard cock stretching his boxers.

"If you want more you need to ask for it."

"What?" I asked, confused.

"If you want to see my cock you need to ask for it, otherwise this is as much as you are going to see."

I flushed and looked at his body, and then I looked at the clothed cock concealed by his boxers. Fuck, I wanted to see it (and taste it) so much. "I want to see your penis."

"That wasn't so hard, now was it...pardon the pun," he said with a grin and lowered his boxers and his cock sprung out. He kicked off his boxers and started jerking off and I watched intently.

Skylar closed his eyes and lowered his left hand to his gigantic, low hanging balls and started fondly them and continued stroking his cock in front of me. He groaned and opened his eyes and smiled at the lust that must be so transparent in my eyes. "The way you look at me makes me feel like I am the sexiest man alive."

"You are."

He grinned and walked up to me. It looks like he finally will let me touch him. I reached out but he pinned my wrists against the wall. "No Kyle, just stand there and look cute as fuck. I do all the touching."

Skylar reached down and grabbed my groin. I gasped and he laughed. "Looks like I am not the only hard one here. Let's take a look, shall we?" He unbuttoned my pants and lowered my pants and boxers to my knees and grabbed my cock and started stroking. I groaned.

"I am never going to ask when I am going to do something to your body, I am simply going to do what I want with you. Can you accept that?"

"Yes."

"Good" he said, and reached back and grabbed my ass. "I've wanted your ass for the longest time. Did you say you have never been fucked before?"

"I have never been fucked."

"I am going to be the one to fuck you first" he declared, then he reached back in front and started stroking my cock and fondling my balls. I groaned.

Skylar let go of my phallus for a second and looked me in the eyes and I looked back. I then felt something hard lay against my cock and a hand wrap around it and I looked down and saw Skylar stroking both of our cocks together.

"My cock stroking against yours feels incredible, doesn't it?"

"Yes, Sky."

He let go of our cocks and grabbed my waist and started grinding his cock and balls against my cock and balls. It was difficult for him to align them without our hands but when it worked it was incredible.

Skylar suddenly let go and stepped back. "Take your clothes off," he ordered.

I stripped the rest of my clothes off and looked at him. "Now jerk off," he commanded.

I grabbed my cock and started stroking. Instead of closing my eyes and fantasizing like I normally do when I jerked off, I focused on Skylar's body.

"Good. It should be my body that you should be thinking about when you stroke your cock. Do you ever think about me when you jerk off at home?"

"Yes, all the time."

He grinned, clearly satisfied. "Go lay down with your ass hanging off the foot of the bed."

I did as I was instructed, my heart beating a mile a minute. Skylar walked up to me and reached out and started stroking my cock. "Just lay back and enjoy, Ky."

The feel of his hand on my cock was incredible. I groaned as he picked up his pace and without warning he slipped a finger into my ass. 

"Your ass is tight. That is a good thing. I won't fuck you tonight but it is good to see how tight you are," he said, his finger finding that special place inside me.

"Aww fuck, Sky."

"Yes—fuck. I will fuck you one day in the near future. For now, pretend my finger is my cock and that I am fucking you."

I closed my eyes and imagined Skylar fucking me while simultaneously stroking my cock. The fantasy was too much to handle and I felt pleasure course through my body and my asshole squeezed his finger as I shot a hot load of cum onto my chest, stomach, and Skylar's hand.

Skylar laughed. "That didn't take long."

My face turned red. "I'm sorry, Skylar!"

"Don't be, it was a hot cum shot." He brought his hand to my lips and I knew what he wanted. I licked my cum off his hand. Skylar always loved watching me eat cum. He had once told me that it should never be wasted.

Skylar leaned down and to my complete surprise, licked my cum off my body. "I've always wondered if it all tastes the same or if everyone's is different. Yours tastes a lot like mine but it is different enough to say it doesn't taste exactly the same." He then leaned down and licked the rest off my stomach. He wiped his hand on my cock to clean my cock and brought his hand up to my mouth and I licked my cum off his hand again.

"Now—I took care of you so it is only fair that you take care of me. Come suck my cock." He didn't have to tell me twice as I sat up and greedily sucked his gorgeous cock into my mouth. I started to pull off so I could lick his balls but he grabbed the back of my head and started skull-fucking me. His thrusts were hard and fast, so much so my throat felt assaulted and I had to fight my gag reflex.

"Aww fuck, that feels so good! I'm going to cum!" and sure enough he shot jet after jet of his delicious, warm cum and I greedily sucked it all down, desperate to get every last drop his body had to offer. 

"Fuck that was hot," he said with a sigh of relief, and all of a sudden he pulled away and a look of guilt came across his face. "I'm sorry."

"Skylar I..."

"I'm so sorry, Kyle, I'm—I'm going to go take a shower. I'll try to not take too long so you can too. Otherwise you can use the one down the hall." Skylar turned around and went to the bathroom that was connected to his bedroom.

"Skylar I..." but I was not able to finish what I was saying before he slammed the bathroom door. Did I do something wrong? Did I say something wrong? I tried thinking about everything that had just happened and realized that I didn't really say or initiate anything really; it had been mostly him. So what is upsetting him?

********

How can I be so fuckin' stupid?! I hit the wall in the shower and it left a small crack in the wall. Well that's just fuckin' great but that's not something to be concerned about right now. I can't believe I acted like that. I can't believe I treated my best friend that way!

How the fuck did things get that out of hand? I remember walking back into my room and saw him getting off on just the smell of me on my sweatshirt and it turned me on. Then his face turned all red as he cutely tried to explain and from there I had to either kiss him or get off so I chose the latter and things progressed into me being an possessive asshole of a friend. How can I ask to be the first person to fuck him—no not even ask, I told him I was going to be the first. Then I told him that I was going to use his body however I wanted, whenever I wanted, then a bunch of other not okay things that led up to a forceful skull-fucking. 

He must be hurt or angry or something to that nature. Fuck, how am I going to make things right with him? He has been my best friend for over fourteen years and I used him for my own selfish reasons. I can't lose him, I just can't. What the hell am I going to do?

"Skylar?" I heard from outside the glass shower door. Kyle didn't wait for an answer as he walked in the shower. He gave a coy smile. "Did I do something wrong?"

"What the fuck?" I meant to only think it but ended up saying it out loud.

"Um—what?"

"Kyle, I'm sorry."

"For what?" Kyle asked, looking confused.

"You can't be serious..."

"I am—Skylar what's wrong? You know you can tell me."

"How can you even ask that?! Why is it you always look at me with so much warmth in your eyes like I'm fucking perfect when I am so far from it? Why would you even want to be friends with me after how I treated you?"

"Skylar..."

"No, you fucking tell me right fucking now! Why do you always want to be around someone like me and why do you always look at me like I'm so fucking perfect?"

"Skylar, please don't make me answer that!" Kyle begged.

"No, you fucking tell me right now!"

"It's because I am in love with you!" Kyle shouted, then his eyes became widened in realization of what he had just said and he averted his eyes to the ground.

He's in love with me? I should have been more shocked to hear those words but for some reason I wasn't. It does explain everything—well except for why he loves.

I looked at Kyle. His face was so red as he looked at the ground. He didn't say anything and his face was expressionless. I knew his favorite defense mechanism was to completely separate himself from what was bothering him.

"Kyle..." I started out in a voice as gently as I could. He completely ignored me. I took a step towards him and to my shock he took a step back. I took another step forward and he took another step back. In the fourteen years of friendship I've had with him he has never, not even once, pulled away from me. He had always welcomed my approach with a large, warm smile that was accompanied by a cute dimple in his cheek. Having him pull away from me like this was equivalent to getting frostbite.

"Kyle," I said, this time a little more firmly, and took another step towards him and he tried taking another step back but the shower didn't have any more room for him to take another step. I reached out and pulled him into an embrace—oh hell, he was trembling.

"Look, everything is fine, okay?" I said, holding him closely. He didn't tremble as much now but he still did to an extent. "You are my best friend in the world and nothing will ever change that," I assured him, and placed a kiss on the top of his head before resting my cheek on it.

He stopped shaking and wrapped his arms around me tightly. We held each other for what could have been an hour. I pulled my cheek off his head and laid another kiss on it. "How long?" I asked, knowing he would know what I meant.

"Since the day I met you," he replied in a weak voice.

"Why did you wait so long to tell me?"

To my complete shock, he angrily pulled away from me. "I still wouldn't have told you if you hadn't made me!"

"Why?"

"How does someone tell their straight best friend that they are in love with them? That every part of their body craves to be with them, sexually and otherwise? That their scent, touch, and sound of their voice are so wonderful that even the heavens can't compare with it? That being away from them even for a day fucking sucks ass? That their happiness completely depends on them?"

"That's how you feel about me?"

"Yes," he replied, his face turning beet red with his admission.

"Well if being with me makes you that happy I guess we should spend some more time together," I said with a smile.

"You sure are handling this better than I thought you would."

"Did you really think you can drive me away that easily? You should know better," I said with a laugh.

"That means a lot to me. I was so afraid I might lose your friendship if I told you."

I gently grabbed his chin and lifted it until I made direct eye contact with him. "I may not feel the same way about you as you do me but that doesn't mean our friendship is any less important to me than it is to you. When I found out that you applied and got accepted at the same university I did I was so relieved that I could have cried. I had dreaded starting our senior year together because I thought it would be the last year I would have to spend with you."

"I'd follow you anywhere, Skylar. I—I love you."

I smiled.

"You don't even cringe when I tell you that. Does it not bother you at all that I feel that way about you?"

"No. On the contrary, it's wonderful to finally hear someone say that to me. Nobody has ever been in love with me. I know I'm hot and I attract a lot of people sexually, but that is not love. My parents and older brothers used to tell me they loved me all the time. When my brothers graduated, they stopped telling me that and my mother took their graduation hard and stopped being as affectionate as she used to be. My father's company became really successful so he has been absent a lot the past few years as you know so no one in my family even tells me that anymore. I might not feel the same you about you as you do me but I want you to know that I love you in my own way too."

I could see his eyes water up. Normally, I would have teased him but I didn't feel like it this time so I pulled him into another embrace and held him for a few minutes.

"Spend the night with me, okay?"

Kyle laughed. "Well, that was the plan."

"No, I mean with me, as in my bed instead of the guest one."

"Sure. I'd—I'd like that," he said, then looked into my eyes to see if his response was too much or okay. I smiled to let him know it was okay.

"We have wasted enough water. We must have been in here for like two hours. Let's wash up and get out. I already washed the front part of my body prior to you getting in here but still need the back half washed. Will you do it for me?"

"Yes!" Kyle exclaimed, and then he blushed, clearly not meaning for his enthusiasm to show.

I held back my laugh so he wouldn't become more embarrassed and turned around so he could wash me.

He grabbed the wash cloth I had been using and put some body wash on it. He then started washing my back for me. "Put body wash on your hands and wash me that way," I instructed, wanting to feel his bare hands on me.

He did as I had asked and his hands not only washed my back but massaged it as well, which felt so fucking good. He then started washing and caressing my sides and as his hands traveled up my body I lifted my arms so he could get at my armpits and he washed and caressed them as well—for quite some time. I then remembered earlier how I found him sniffing my sweater where my armpits had been and realized he had a thing for my armpits, which made me smile as he continued to caress them. "They are clean," I pointed out.

"Oh—sorry!"

I laughed. "It wasn't a complaint. It felt good but the rest of my body needs to be cleaned. You can play with my pits some more a different night," I said, in a voice to let him know that I wasn't teasing him or joking about it.

He didn't say anything for a while so I thought he wasn't going to respond. "Okay," he finally said in a voice that was barely audible before returning to my back.

After cleaning my lower back, I felt him hesitate. "Go ahead," I encouraged him, and he lowered his hands to my ass and started cleaning it. His hands were delightfully slow moving as he cleaned and massaged my ass, and his fingers slowly crept towards my crack and finally got inside my crack as he cleaned along the inside of my crack as well as my asshole.

He spent even more time on my ass than my armpits but I wasn't going to stop him. He eventually went lower and cleaned my thighs and calves. "You're clean now," he said in a voice that almost sounded disappointed. He reached over to turn the water off.
