 I was on vacation in Perth and had been down to the nudist beach where I had seen loads of beautiful men, but not what I was longing for.

Despite this I had stayed long enough to watch the sun sinking into the Indian Ocean, surely one of the most beautiful sights in the world. It was still warm as I made my way back into the centre of Perth and selected a restaurant to have my evening meal in. I was sitting there thinking how cute the waiter was when suddenly the man of my dreams, at least on that hot and sultry night, walked in.

He was in his mid to late twenties and very chunky, bordering on downright chubby with fiery red hair and a naughty looking ginger goatee. He was as handsome as fuck and a shiver of excitement ran down my spine when he took the table next to mine. I noticed, just before he sat down that he had one helluva hot butt. I'd temporarily had my fill of skinny guys, and fashionable guys, and hunky guys; what I wanted now was a big, beefy fucker who could hold me in his arms and make the world go away.

I had to stop myself staring because I didn't want him thinking I was some kind of nut case, but I could have drowned in his beauty. His imperfections made him just fucking perfect, if you know what I mean. His gorgeous red lips looked so utterly kissable and how I wanted to trace my tongue over that sexy goatee of his. His shirt was unbuttoned down to the second button on this hot night and I could see his copper-red chest hair. It looked silky soft and just made for me.

I was glad to have a tablecloth shielding my lap from view because my cock was rock hard. I had to have this hot bear of a chub and I tried to work out the best strategy for getting into his pants. Did I just go over and ask him to join me, or did I ask the waiter to take some wine over to him, or what? Eventually I decided on sending him a bottle of wine. He looked up and blushed and then nodded at me. I saw him sip the wine and then speak to the waiter.

The waiter came over and asked me if I would like to sit at the gentleman's table. Did I ever! I wanted to sit at his table and sit on his face and sit on his cock. I had to use my napkin to shield my straining cock as I made my way over to his table. 

Geoff was so incredibly friendly that he soon had me at ease. My cock deflated and I was able to concentrate of enjoying the meal and his company. He was in town from Brisbane, so he was a bit of an outsider too. He asked me what I'd been doing that day and I told him that I'd been down to the nude beach. He blushed and said he wished that he could go there, just to have a look at all the naked flesh on display. I asked him why he felt he couldn't go.

'Look at me,' he said seemingly oblivious to the fact that I had done nothing but stare at him all night 'I'm like a beached whale, all pale and fat. And I've got ginger pubes. Who'd want to see that?'

'I'd give anything to see you naked.' I told him.

'You wouldn't...would you?'

'Damn right I would.' I told him 'You're the hottest thing I've seen all day.'

He blushed beet red. There was an awkward silence between us for a few seconds before I reached under the table and squeezed his thigh. He placed his warm, soft hand on mine and smiled at me.

The moment passed and I knew he was mine. This delicious husky dude was mine, and I was ecstatic but decided not to rush things. I wanted to savour the whole experience. He told me about himself and his life back in Brisbane. He'd briefly been in a relationship with a guy three years ago. The relationship had lasted six months and he hadn't had sex since then. His lover had moved to Perth and he seemed very sad when he told me he had come to the city in the vain hope of seeing him again, and taking up where they had left off, only to find that his ex had moved on to Melbourne.

I felt really bad when I heard that, knowing that I wanted him for just one night, because that was all I could give as I was flying out in the morning. It sounded like Geoff needed a whole lot more than just one night of being the object of someone else's lust. I thought about doing the decent thing and calling the whole thing off, but my cock would not let me. In the end I explained to him that I was only going to be around for one night and let him decide what he wanted to do. 

He looked a little disappointed but decided that he still wanted to invite me back to his hotel. It was a beautiful night as we strolled back to his place and I felt an incredible thrill when I slipped my hand into his for a short while. His large, soft warm hand closed around mine and I knew that this was going to be a night that I would remember for a long time.

There was a porn magazine lying on the bed and he quickly put it away. I was standing in the middle of the room wondering how much time he needed before we got down and dirty when he walked up to me and wrapped his arms around me.

'Do you kiss?' he whispered in my ear.

My lips sought his and I melted into the sweetest, gentlest kiss I'd had in a long, long time. His bear hug kept me close and I couldn't resist allowing my hands to slip down his back and onto that big, bouncy, beautiful butt of his. If that had been my only encounter with him it would still rank amongst the best sex I'd ever had. His kissing was just the most exquisite sensation in the world, and the feel of that firm yet yielding ass in my hands was making me extremely horny.

Finally he broke off the kiss.

'Do you want a drink?' he asked.

'The only drink I want is in here.' I told him as I started tugging at his fly button.

'Let me turn off the light.' he said.

'But I want to see your beautiful body.' I protested.

'Please, I'm shy.' he pleaded.

He turned off the light and I could hardly see my hand in front of my face. I groped about until I found him and then started slowly undressing him. Not being able to see him seemed to heighten my sense of touch; his skin was so incredibly smooth where it was not covered in fur. I gently teased his large nipples until I felt them swell up and then stroked down his furry chest and stomach and undid his fly button. I lowered his zipper and tugged his jeans down to his ankles. He stepped out of them and stood before me now in just his underpants. I stood close to him and nibbled on his neck as I stroked his back and then lower onto the full, firm flesh of his man-mound. He sighed softly as my hands caressed his beefy cheeks through the thin cotton of his underpants.

My eyes had started adjusting to the darkness now and I stepped away from him to have a good look at his husky, pale body. I reached down and started brushing my hands against his boner, which was about five inches long and just incredibly thick. He sighed, and his sighs grew louder when I raked my nails up and down that fat shaft and over the underside of his sensitive cock head while fondling his big balls with my free hand. I went down on my knees and kissed his big thighs while feeling up his chunky ass. He gasped when I pressed my face against his underpants clad cock and balls and inhaled his masculine aroma and started to lick his cock head through the cloth.

By now I was so horned up that I was desperate to feel my skin touching his. I quickly stripped and got him to lie down on the bed. I lay close to him and a tingle shot through me as my cock made contact with his and his arms went around me and he hugged me close and whispered sweet nothings in my ear. The big guy was hungry for love and I was honoured to give it to him. Our hands roamed all over each other's bodies as we kissed and licked and nibbled. My cock head was wet with precum and I was happy to find that he was also a great dribbler of the ambrosial fluid. I smeared it all over his narrow cock head and felt him lurch. He grabbed my wrist and held it tight, and told me to stop doing that because it would make him cum.

There was still too much I wanted to do before he came so I let go his cock and told him to lie on his back. I gently kissed my way from his neck down to his nipples, teasing them until they were as hard as little mini cocks, then I kissed down his stomach and past his cock onto his thighs. He groaned when I started licking his big, smooth balls and I felt his hands close around my head, eager to guide me to the target. I resisted for a little while and could feel the desperation in his finger tips. 

I finally put him out of his misery as I pushed his fat balls up close to his body and lowered my mouth over that thick cock of his. He started bucking about underneath me as I gave him the best blowjob I knew how. But it wasn't long before I heard him begging me to stop as he was real close to cumming.

I flipped him over onto his stomach and started to give him a massage. I could feel him really starting to relax, and I was very keen to see that beautiful ass of his so I flicked on the bedside lamp. He didn't object and I was blown away by the smooth perfection of his rump. It was totally without flaws: shapely, pale and smooth and when I parted those hefty cheeks I saw nestled in their depths the most perfect little bung hole in the world. His pucker was a deep red colour and had just the merest hint of ginger fluff around it. It was the most delicious, most inviting truffle I had seen in a long time. I stroked the inside of his thighs, close to where they met his buttocks and he instinctively spread his legs further apart. He literally squealed when I forced my face into his crack and started licking his sweet hole. He pushed that beefy ass back against me allowing me to slip a hand underneath him as he did so; I could feel how incredibly hard his cock was and I wanted it harder still.

I climbed over his big body and faced his feet; now I was able to lick down his crack, teasing his little sluthole as I went, and then onto his silky balls. He was going crazy by this stage and my hard cock, which was rubbing up against his broad back, demanded some action. Fortunately I never went anywhere without my bottle of lube while I was on vacation, so I climbed off him and fished it out of my pocket.

'Be gentle with me.' he said as I got back onto the bed.

I had every intention of being gentle as I lay down next to him and caressed that hot ass of his. Ten minutes later I got between his thighs and parted his cheeks again. His asshole was all spit slicked now and looked ten times more inviting. I couldn't resist kissing it again. I concentrated on teasing his balls with my fingers as I ate him out and soon he was begging me to fuck him. 

His warm, slippery asslips felt so incredibly good as my fingers slid over them when I applied the lube that I was tempted just to finger fuck him. My fingers felt really sensitive as his warmth closed around them; it felt almost as good as having my cock in there would feel. But from the thrusting he was doing I figured he wanted something a little more substantial than a finger.

I was panting from lust and excitement as I positioned myself behind him and gently pressed my cockhead against his slicked up puckerhole. His ring yielded and I started to glide inside one hot and tight ass. I came so close to shooting my bolt on that first glide home that I had to lie still and let the moment pass. I felt him moving his hips from side to side underneath me; my redhead husky hunk was ready for some action.

Pulling all the way out of his hot ass I let my cock plunge back into him and he roared his approval. An hour ago he was too shy to leave the light on, now he was transformed into some crazy man slut as he demanded I give him more. The sweat poured off my body as I pounded into his beefy ass. Over and over and over I cock stabbed him and he just wanted more. It was as if he was trying to make up for the past three years. But my cock was not up to the job. Suddenly, without warning, it just erupted pumping out what felt like a gallon of joy juice. The jizz came out of my cock with such force that it actually hurt and I was momentarily stunned.

I collapsed onto Geoff's back and lay panting for a few minutes before pulling out of him. I thought perhaps he would want to go to the bathroom to get cleaned up but instead he flipped me onto my back and lifted my legs in the air. From the look in his eye I knew there was just one thing he wanted. I handed him the lube which was on the bedside table and he was rough and over eager as his fingers plunged into me. I told him to lay down on the bed as I needed to control this animal lust that had risen up in him.

I quickly lubed up his cock and then sat down on that massively thick hog of his. Fortunately the head was quite slender, and I managed to get that into me with ease. I had to work a little harder to get the fat shaft in but we soon found a rhythm. His big hands closed around my hips as he pumped away like crazy. I looked down at his red, flushed face; his eyelids were screwed up and he was a picture of lust and concentration. The only thing that mattered to him right now was getting his rocks off. To my surprise my cock had reinflated and I grabbed it now and started jerking it.

The fact that he was so crazy horny was turning me on and the way that fat, hard shaft of his was stretching my asshole wide felt pretty good. I was just thinking that it would be nice if he came soon when my cock started spurting for the second time. A jet of jizz shot out and landed on his right nipple while a smaller second and third spurt landed on his stomach. I couldn't imagine where all of this gunk was coming from!

Seconds later Geoff grunted and gave one last thrust up into my ass and started to shoot his warm jizz into me. He opened his eyes and looked startled for a moment, before smiling and pulling me close in a big bear hug.

Copyright 2006 Daniel Blue