 Ben knew it was coming because Lucy's breath, previously deep, regular and accented with small moans, started to quicken. The rhythm of her hips quickened too, arching up to increase friction, demanding more intense stimulation from his fingers against her clit. And all too soon the moans became shorter and shorter, more and more high pitched, until her body rocked with the spasms of orgasm again and again and again.

Ben snapped away from his daydream as he remembered how it used to be. When they first met, and even for the first years of their marriage, the sex was intense, frequent, and mutually pleasurable. But as the years passed at first the frequency, and then the intensity, decreased. His job demanded more and more of his attention, and, he had to admit, he drew more satisfaction from it than anything else in his life. The sex drive was still there, directed elsewhere at first... the pain of seeing a girl in a tight, short dress at the height of summer still as sharp, but the drive was now focussed in a different direction. It wasn't that Lucy was any less attractive, indeed if anything she had blossomed through her thirties, the hard work at the gym and discipline at dinner kept other men's eyes cast enviously in her direction.

Without knowing why, the different journeys his various sex drives demanded were increasingly more extreme and fantastical. Other women at first, but then thoughts of other men too... what it would be like to be the one on their knees, the one with their mouth full, the one being penetrated rather than penetrating. The websites became more extreme, and paradoxes occurred. The more he dominated in business, the more submissive he became in his fantasies. Chatrooms led to phone sex led to doing things on camera he never thought he would. The desire to turn fantasy into reality became ever stronger.

He had no idea just how that was about to happen. The email he received at precisely 9am the next morning was to change everything.

Good morning Ben

This email is going to come as a shock, but I'm writing at this time to give you some time to come to terms with things. And time to realise that you don't have a choice but to do as I say.

Shock number 1? I've been fucking your wife, Ben. It's just sex for her, what you haven't been able to give her. For what it's worth, she says I'm much better than you... apparently she never comes for you when you are fucking? She says she thinks one of the reasons is my cock is so much bigger than yours.

Shock number 2? You remember the guy you have been prancing around for online in your sexy lingerie while begging for his cock? That's me too, or at least it was last week.

Shock number 3? This one you are going to have to wait for. You're going to meet me at noon today... I'll text you where. 

To be clear, if you tell anyone, I'll send both the videos attached to all your contacts, business and personal. I'll leave you to enjoy them... keep an eye on your phone for that text.

Yours ... well, you'll find out soon.

Ben had taken some tough calls in his life, but he'd never been shaken to the core so much. He finally pulled himself together enough to get up and close the office door, knowing now he wouldn't be disturbed. With a deep breath h clicked on the first attachment, and a video file opened on his screen. His eyes went wide as he realised what he was watching.

The video was only a minute long, and showed a woman being fucked on a bed. They were in the missionary position, and the womans face was hidden by the mans head which was ducked into her shoulder. The womans legs were spread very wide with her feet dug into the back of the man, seemingly trying to drag him into her with every thrust. It was clear the man was well built and fit... the woman was being given a fearsome seeing too, being bucked and rocked with every movement, the bed making a hard, repetitive banging noise as the headboard crashed repeatedly into the wall. Even above that noise were her cries of pleasure, a moaning that was almost a scream, pleasure that was close to the border of pain. Even as Ben's worst fears were forming, the couple shifted position, and Lucy's face was revealed, eyes closed, her expression etched in ectasy.

The second video was no less shocking.

This time the realisation came much quicker. He immediately recognised himself, standing in a room, dressed in red suspenders, lingerie and basque. As he wobbled around in the strappy high heels he was wearing, his cock wobbled as it protruded horizontally over the top of the tiny pair of lacy panties that were woefully failing to restrain his erection. The pictures were of poor quality, filmed as they were through his webcam earlier in the week, but his face was clearly recognisable. His awful words, begging to see the other man's cock, and then the worship as Ben told him how wonderful it looked, how much bigger than his own.

Ben was broken out of his staring stupor by his phone buzzing by a text message. His shock was such that he failed to immediately connect the buzzing to the earlier email. The message simply said 'Starbucks. Lyon St. Find a quiet corner and wait. Mine's a Cappuccino with two sugars. If you don't want those videos public, be sitting down by noon.'

And so it was, almost two hours later, that he sat in a quiet corner of Starbucks, two coffees in front of him, scarcely daring to look at the door but unable to tear his eyes away. To his dismay, Andy, who headed up the Technical Design team at the office walked in to the shop. Not now, thought Ben, wondering what he was doing there at that time. To his further dismay, Andy saw him, and walked over towards him. Looking back, it still baffled Ben that he was so surprised when Andy sat down opposite him, took a sip of the coffee, and asked him whether he had enjoyed his videos.

'Keeping those videos secret depends on you sitting still and quiet until I say different. Say OK to let me know you understand', Andy said, in a voice Ben hadn't heard before. It took Ben a while before he realised they had been sitting in silence, and it took Andy subtly raising his eyebrow before Ben realised he needed to respond.

'OK' he said, though it was barely audible. However, it was obviously enough for Andy, as he nodded, and began to speak again.

'I've been looking for you for a long time, Ben, I'm so glad we've found each other. A slim, rich, good looking guy with smoking hot wife - perfect'. I've been fucking Lucy for 3 months now - do you remember us talking at the Christmas party?' Andy continued even as Ben stared at him in disbelief. 'But what I really can't believe is that I get a man-wife too. I'm going to fulfil those desires that both thrill and ashame you, Ben. In five minutes you're going to phone the office and tell them you are out for the rest of the day. Then you are going to come with me to a hotel down the road and you are going to put on a show for me like you did the other night. I've got some nice new lingerie for you to try on. You're going to be on your knees, and I'll teach you how to really worship a proper cock. And I've got one or two other tasks for you before I'm letting you go.'

'All that is left for you to do is to say, "yes Andy". Right now the choice is all yours. I want you, and I already have Lucy. You know I've already won, so just give in and accept I own you now.' And with that, Andy sat back in his seat, and waited.

It was almost a minute before Ben replied.

'OK', he said.