 I love women but on occasion I like to have a little fun with guys too. The type of guys I normally go for are the commanding type that can take control over any situation. And that is just what happened the other day.

I was driving back from my girlfriend's house when all of a sudden I felt a light bump from behind. I thought, "Just great some drunken asshole just ran into me!" Getting out of my car I was met by a handsome older man in his early 50's. His salt and pepper hair neatly trimmed in a military cut definitely gave his years away. He told me he had just had a fight with his boyfriend and wasn't concentrating on the road. He apologized over and over again. When I looked at the back end of my car I noticed there wasn't even a scratch on my car and told him not to worry about it.

Jeff told me he would like to make it up to me and asked me if I wanted to go back to his house for a beer and talk it over. Since I had nothing else to do and knew my fridge had no beer I thought what the heck. I followed Jeff back to his house and we went inside. I found out Jeff was a surgeon and you could tell from his pad he made tons of money. His whole house was decked out with wicked toys, everything a guy could want. He had a pool table, a wet bar, 50 inch plasma television with matching surround system. He asked if I wanted to watch a movie and I said sure. He got up and grabbed us each a beer and then turned on the DVD.

It wasn't long before I figured what was on Jeff's mind because on the screen before us was too young buff guys engaging in oral sex. I could feel my nuts start too tightened as I watched the action on the screen. Jeff took command right away and I felt his hands start to stroke my formed bulge. Soon he had my zipper down and I felt as he fished out my cock. Without hesitation he bent forward and took my hard cock into his mouth. Now let me tell you, I always thought my woman could give the best blowjobs but she couldn't hold a candle to Jeff. His expert mouth felt amazing as it slid up and down my cock.

He took a break for a moment and looked up to me and asked if I was capable of quick recovery. I told him I had never had a problem before and that is when he gobbled up my cock in earnest. Taking me deep in his throat he used his throat muscles to grip my cock as he swirled his tongue all around. Up and down he worked my shaft and I could feel my balls tingling and I knew I was going to blow. I drove my cock as far down his throat as I could shooting my cum into his belly. After he swallowed all my juice he took his mouth off my still hard cock and looked at me, he licked his lips and said, "Yum". 

Although still hard my sensitive prick needed a little break so I returned the favor to him. I pulled down his jeans and found a nice sized cock that was completely shaved. At first I teased him a bit by licking the tip then I slid my tongue on the underside of his cock. He obviously liked it as I could feel his cock jump in my hand as I continued my lip service. I then swallowed him up and gave him a deep blow job. It wasn't long before I he started fucking my face and started moaning loudly. I gripped his nuts and I noticed they were very tight in his sack. All of a sudden Jeff pulled his cock out of my mouth and told me to bend over the couch. 

I did as I was told and I felt his hands pull my ass cheeks apart and then felt his hot mouth and tongue start working their magic on my tight hole. He licked me over and over getting my asshole nice and wet. As soon as I started to moan from pleasure Jeff stopped the rim job and then I felt his tongue replaced by his throbbing cock. Without warning he plunged his shaft deep into my rectum. The feeling was so intense I almost came immediately. 

He was fucking me hard and fast telling me what a good slut I was and how tight my ass was and I loved every minute of it. The he drove deep into my ass and reached around and started to jerk my cock. The feeling of his strong hand jerking me fast and his hard cock deep in my ass was too much for me to take and I told him I was going to cum soon. This put him into overdrive and he started to really plug me. Just as I felt his hot seed shoot deep into my bowels my own cock erupted all over his hand.