 My first time was on a Friday. I was 23 years old and had been in a sexless relationship with a girl for several years and always sort of knew that I was interested in guys. Often late at night I would find myself wandering off the straight porn sites onto the links for man on man action. I began to imagine that I was in the photos and wonder what it would be like. I fingered my tight, pink hole and found that I liked it. One day I got up the nerve to buy a life-size rubber dong, a set of training plugs, and a bottle of lube to try and loosen myself up. It wasn't as easy as it looked, but I did enjoy the plugs and my desire for the real thing grew with each explosion of my cock, emptying the contents of my balls onto my stomach and chest. 

Eventually I began to look at the ads on Craig's List. At first I just wanted to see what the scene was like around where I lived. I also used to masturbate to the photos of local men and the thought of what they proposed doing. Soon enough, I began responding to ads, but would never follow through with any plans to meet as I was too afraid. I did have a great time taking photos of myself, specifically of my shaved bare cock and ass. I would stay home and jerk off to the thought of what men wanted to do with me. 

At one point the tension had built up so much that I actually drove over to some guy's house. He was going to blow me through a glory hole he had set up near his front door. When I got to the house, there were so many people outside in the neighborhood that it freaked me out and I kept driving. He was pissed, but I had developed such a raging hard-on knowing that some man wanted to gratify me by sucking my rock-hard dick, that I decided I had to release somehow. 

I knew that there was a porn store not far from where I was which had video booths. I never went into one before this, but I had an idea that it was a place where guys cruise for other guys. I bought some tokens and went into a booth, closing the curtain as well as I could. When you walk into the booth, there is a seat and a television screen perpendicular to the hallway. No matter what I did, it wasn't possible to have complete privacy. But I had paid my money, and my boner wasn't going away, so I tried to relax and get going. I dropped a token in the machine and the screen before me came alive with a video of a teenage girl getting her pussy rammed by what looked to be a ten-inch, black cock. I wasn't into her fake moaning, so I flipped around.

I saw some pretty hot lesbian scenes which only caused my bulge to increase, with that signature spot of pre-cum beginning to show through my grey gym shorts. I figured I'd better not let that get any worse so I whipped my dick out, without taking my shorts all the way off. I felt a little weird about having my bare ass on the seat of such a grimy establishment, but my horniness quickly overtook my concern. I admired how big my dick looked, freshly shaven and hard. I'm not blessed with a huge cock (its only six inches), but sometimes when I'm really aroused, it looks huge. I didn't have any lube so I spit on the head of my cock and began to move my hand over it in that old familiar motion, but between the porn getting old, and the strangeness of jerking in such a bizarre place, I began to lose my hard-on. 

I flipped through the channels until I came across the gay channels. One caught my eye. Another young, redheaded guy, like me, was sandwiched between two hot, skinny twinks. Immediately, my rager returned, and I began beating it furiously, imagining that I was the one between these two beautiful cocks, one pounding my ass, and one in my mouth. 

In the ferocity of my masturbation, I didn't notice that the sound of the porn could be heard outside the booth and might attract a crowd of interested observers. A guy in his mid-thirties came over to the crack in the curtain to see who was enjoying that kind of porn, and how they were enjoying it. Apparently he liked what he saw, because he stayed there eyeing me and my sex with his hand down his own shorts. I tried to ignore him and focus on the hot scene in front of me, but I actually began to like that he was watching me; it made me that much hotter. I pulled my shorts to my ankles and shifted my hips so that he could get the full view of my hard member and glistening, hairless balls, all the while never letting my eyes leave the screen, or my hand leave my cock. The scene on the screen began to intensify as the lucky redhead's moans told me he was close to climax. Suddenly the curtain pulled open and there were now four guys watching me, two of them with their dicks in their hands, watching only me. The fact that I was being watched by these men and that they were stroking their cocks to me was too much to handle. Just as the redhead on the screen exploded all over the pillow he was being fucked over, my cock tensed and shot my white hot cum up onto my t-shirt, with a small drop landing conveniently on my lower lip. 

I looked at the men who had been watching me and quickly swallowed the droplet of jism on my face, enjoying its texture and salty flavor. One of the men reached out and stuck his finger in a wad of the cum that was hanging from my shirt, tasting it like he had just tasted home-made gravy. He nodded, indicating that he enjoyed the taste of my spunk. With that, the blood finally rushed back to my head and I began to think about the absurdity of this situation. 

I pulled my shorts up, ran to the bathroom to wash my hands and dick, and quickly left the porn store to drive home, trying not to think about the experience. But it wasn't that easy. All I could think about for the next week was the sexy redhead, his balls exploding because of the stimulation of a long, hard cock ramming his tight, pink asshole; and the men who enjoyed me, enjoying myself and the redhead. 

I was determined to feel what that redhead felt. I wanted to be that redhead. All week, at work, I thought about it, delaying standing up so that my erection could go down. Finally, on Friday, I had to have it. I knew that there was a guy interested in me from Craig's List. He saw several of my photos, and liked my hairless, boyish physique and small dick. He fancied himself a versatile, oral top, who was an expert at dealing with newbies. He was twice my age, and worked from home in a town that was not too far, but just far enough, away from where I lived so that I wouldn't see anyone I knew on his street. I set up a meeting for that afternoon. 

I nervously drove the half hour to his house. I told him that I was only interested in getting a blowjob, knowing that, once naked, he would probably push to fuck me as I had done with so many girls. I pulled up to his house and quickly ran up the walkway. I waited nervously after I rang the doorbell for him to answer. Finally, he came to the door. He let me inside and looked me over. He was a large man; not fat, but much bigger and stronger than I. He was clean-shaven and had a neat haircut. He hugged me and groped my ass and could tell that I was really nervous. He led me up to his bedroom, put on some gay porn and dimmed the lights. Again he held me and groped me, trying to get me to relax. Because of my nervousness, I wasn't hard when he grabbed for my dick and eventually took down my pants and boxers. 

He took off his pants and grabbed both our cocks with one hand and massaged them together. He sucked one of my nipples and worked his way down to my dick. He marveled at the job I had done shaving that morning. He took my half-hard prick in his mouth with a sudden burst of enthusiasm, sucking my dick until full erection. He moved his tongue around my balls, rolling them 

over and over with a simple flick of wetness. He clenched my ass with both hands and slipped a finger down its crack, grazing over my clean, smooth boy hole. He brought me over to the bed and had me lie down on my back. He moved between my legs and began to suck me while I watched what was becoming a hotter and hotter scene on the porno flick he put on. He asked me if anyone had ever played with my ass and I told him,

honestly, only I had. 

He smiled and astutely observed, "that means you've had dreams of being fucked." 

I didn't say anything. My eyes rolled back in my head, while my back arched, throwing my head deeper into the pillow. He spread my cheeks apart and licked my soft hole with his talented tongue. His strong hand gripped my dripping penis as he delved deeper into my anus with his mouth. I almost exploded. 

He recognized my excitement and backed off a bit, returning his lips to the head of my throbbing cock. I relaxed a bit and he suddenly began to move his fingers around my moist hole, slowly slipping his index finger in an out of its pink, rosy entrance. He took a break from sucking and fingering to get some lube. I became excited because I now knew for sure where this was going. 

He carefully and patiently worked my hole, spreading it apart, licking and fingering while I held my legs behind my head. His fingers moved in and out, the index finger of each hand gently pulling my hole wider. He knew, and I knew, that I was ready. He knelt and moved up closer so that his beautiful, thick seven-inch cock was closer. I reached out and held it in my hand, feeling it pulse and move with excitement. I had never even touched another man's cock. This was my chance, so I figured I'd go for the gusto. 

I pulled my head closer to his package and just impaled my mouth on his rigid member. It was different than I thought it would be, but not in a bad way. His cock filled my mouth as I took the time to explore its head and work my tongue down the root and eventually around his large, masculine balls. As I did this, he reached for my

hole, continuing to work it with his finger to ensure I would be ready to take him. Each time he hit my prostate I quivered and my cock jumped. When I tasted the sweet and salty taste of his precum in my mouth, I wondered who was more excited, him or me. 

As I was no expert in the field of giving head, I thought it was time for our mutual enjoyment to move to the main event. I released him from my mouth and he moved back between my legs, grabbing my ankles and forcing them up behind my ears. He squirted some lube directly onto my puckered hole and began to rub his dick across my tender opening. Slowly, almost without notice, he began to apply some pressure downward on my boy-hole. At first it felt alright, until his entire girth was pressing through my opening. The pain was burning, but bearable. He calmly told me to relax, which I did, and my ass began to suck his cock deeper inside. As I relaxed, the pain lessened and he was able to move vigorously in my hole. With each thrust, it became more comfortable and he came closer to hitting that heavenly spot. I looked in the mirror and watched as his dark, tanned skin contrasted with my powder-white, slightly freckled complexion, his cock entering me over and over, my balls bouncing with each impact. I though my cock would very well burst as I gripped it with my right hand. With my left hand I spread my left cheek so that he could penetrate deeper into my pleasure zone. The momentum of his thrusts meant I didn't have to move my hand to stimulate my prick. In no time I was ready to explode. 

As the sputum shot through my balls and up to the head of my fountain, my hole began to expand and contract with the intensity of my orgasm. He looked down to see my cum showering the both of us and felt me closing around his massive dick and immediately threw his head back and forced himself as deeply into me as he could, unloading his seed, and letting out a manly yell. 

He waited for his dick to soften a bit and withdrew it quickly from my leaking boy-hole. He licked the cum off my chest and worked his way to my cock. He sucked

every last drip from my now flaccid penis and followed that by licking his own jizz from my dripping, tender hole. The feeling was euphoric.

After he had cleaned me as best he could, he offered me a shower and a towel. I declined, as he had done such an excellent job cleaning me, and quickly dressed. I wanted to be alone to reconsider my new sexual experience. He told me to hold on to his email address and contact him any time I wanted to get off. I assured him I would. 

As I walked out the door, he said, "Have a great weekend."

I thought to myself, "It's already been a great weekend, and it's only Friday."