 Hi, my name is Jack, I am in my early fifties and I just got back from my father's funeral I don't know why but in times like this it seems it is common for some one to sit back and reflect on their life. I have to be totally honest here, I think I'm a professional failure. I have been fired three times in my life, All three times because they didn't think I did the job up to their standard. Why my wife Kathy has stayed with me all this time I don't know. During the eighties when the economy was booming all over the country it seemed I was stuck in one of those pockets that experienced negative growth. It was during that time I finally understood my grandfather. He was a mean bitter drunk, when he had to stop drinking because he had a heart attack and a stroke in the fifties he was just plain mean and bitter. During the eighties when it was almost impossible for me to find work I finally understood why he was that way. My grandfather was a young adult in the thirties during the depression years he could never find any steady work. From personal experience I came to understand how that affects a man. Depending on your wife to bring home the paycheck. Unlike my grand father I was determined not to become mean and bitter or a drunk. Don't get me wrong I like my beer but I keep it under strict control. 

When I was growing up my parents were very concerned about outward appearances. You know what the neighbor's, their coworkers and personal acquaintances would think. Today we would say they were pretty vanilla people. We went on the family vacations out west like every one did when I was young. My dad did teach me how to compete. Not in the usual way of little league and school sports. I did not have that opportunity as a kid because I got really sick and as a result could never pass the physical exam you had to take to participate in those activities. He did it by teaching me first how to ride my bicycle when I was four, when I was eleven he taught me how to ride a motorcycle on a Harley Davidson Topper Scooter. Yeah my dad rode motorcycles but he rode the big Harleys and Triumphs in the 50's and 60's and he was very good at it. If mom had let him compete in the local races he would have had a pro license with out a doubt. 

When I was 11 my parent's moved to a different town, we lived out in the country on a small acreage and we bought some horses. That is when my dad cultured my completive spirit by teaching me how to ride and train the animals we bought. They were not fancy pedigreed animals by any means but the were good horses and on the weekends we would take them out to the local saddle club competions and show them. 

After High School I went to State College. I think college is easier today because kids today use computers. Shit we had no such thing back them. Pocket calculators have just come out and we thought we were high tech with them in chemistry and math classes. When it came to writing we wrote in on paper just like we did in grade school. If it had to be typed we went out and either bought a cheap portable or we rented one. Lord help you if you made a mistake. The first year was pretty hard I made a couple of friends but to be honest none of them were young women. I satisfied my carnal urges by masturbating to fantasies from Penthouse Letters magazine. To be honest up to that point in my life I only had sex twice in my life. Both times was with a girl and both times was in the back seat of my car and we were drunk at the time. Today I could not call them satisfying experiences.

One of my turning points in life is when I met Kathy during my sophomore year in college. I was in the cafeteria and She was sitting by herself at a table and none of my friends were down so I decided to ask her if I could sit with her. I will be honest here she was not what you would call model material, in fact she was just the opposite in that she weighed in at 260lb with huge tits but she was friendly, out going and real easy to talk to. Most of all she could hold up her end of the conversation. After that first meeting we ate all of our meals together. 

The following Friday night my best friend Donny came over to my room. Donny, Kathy and I smoked a couple of bowls of weed drank some beer and listened to some music. Around one o'clock Donny went back to his room and Kathy stayed and we talked some more. During one of the lulls in the conversation I leaned over and kissed her. Then I kissed her again and then I stuck my tongue in her mouth and moved it around in circles. Kathy's response surprised me in that she did not resist in fact she seemed to encourage it so I went further and started to rub her back then I fondled her breast though her top. Then I got brave I reached under her tee shirt and felt her breast through her bra then I pulled her tee shirt off and kissed and licked her neck and she started to moan so I fumbled with her bra strap and undid her bra and took it off. Then I went down and licked and sucked both of her nipples till they got hard. I stuck my right hand in her shorts and started to rub her pussy. I felt it get wet and slick then I took her shorts off and I got out of bed and took my clothes off and got on top of her and put my cock inside of her. I started pumping my cock in and out of her pussy at first hugging and kissing her then I sped up and came inside of her pussy deeply kissing her as I came. I stayed on top of her for a couple of minutes kissing and thanking her for a great experience. We did it two more times that night before we went to sleep in each other's arms. In the morning we had sex again and then she went back to her room to do home work. The sex was great that night but I wanted more. I wanted to experience what I read about in Penthouse Letters my dilemma was how do you bring something like that up and not look like a total creep. Little by little I was beginning to find out Kathy was almost as adventurous about sex as I was. We were beginning to try different positions and we even started to have oral sex with each other but each time we talked I got the feeling she was holding something back. I know I surely was, lets face it those letters in Penthouse really turned me on. It got to the point I could not wait for the next edition to come out but deep down I new most of those letters were just pure bullshit. Come on now nobody does that stuff in real life and nobody can get that lucky. Besides normal people don't do that kind of stuff let alone think about it. My private fantasies were making me feel extremely guilty and ashamed of my self.

The biggest turning point in my life came a month after I met Kathy. Her and Donny needed to go home for the weekend because of family commitments. In Donny's case I think it was because he was hoping to get lucky so to speak. That left me alone on campus, about eight o'clock on Friday I decided I just as well go home to. So I packed up my dirty laundry and a few clothes along with my homework and I headed home. I got home around ten thirty. When I arrived there was another car in the driveway it belonged to John my father's best friend. From what I understand they have been friends since before my mom and dad got married. I went strait in to the house and dropped my dirty laundry off in the kitchen and took the rest of my things to my room. I noticed there wasn't anyone up stairs. I went back down to the kitchen to pick up my dirty laundry and drop it off in the laundry room in the basement. 

You cannot believe how surprised I was when I got to the bottom of the stairs where I found my parents and their friend John in the rec room. They were all naked with my dad on his knees sucking off his friend John and my mom was sitting beside him giving him encouragement. My parents had their back turned to me and John had his eyes closed and moaning in ecstasy as my dads head bobbed up and down I could not tell from this angle if my dad was sucking his cock or licking and jacking him off at the same time. Mom was telling dad to suck his cock, suck him harder, faster, and make him come in your mouth. I was frozen in my tracks. I took a couple of steps closer so I could see what they were really doing. I know I probably shouldn't have done that but curiosity got the better of me. Sure enough my dad was sucking his friends cock. He was bobbing his head up and down on it, every once in a while he would take it out of his mouth and lick it up and down paying particular attention to the and the area just behind the head, then he would start sucking it again. Once I saw him take it out of his mouth and he licked and sucked on John's nuts for a little bit then he went back to sucking John's cock. 

Then John started to pump his cock in and out of my dad's mouth when mom saw that she said, "Yeah that's right fuck his mouth, fuck it hard, come on lets see you come in his mouth, yeah fill his mouth with come." 

John then tensed up and said, "I'm getting close, get ready here it comes." then he tensed up and grunted and thrust his cock deeper in my dad's mouth and grunted three or four more times as he filled my dad's mouth with his come.

Mom got real close to dad's face and said, "Yeah that's right baby take it, take it like a man and swallow all of his come. You know you like it, that is why you sucked him so hard now swallow all his come."

John then opened his eyes and looked directly at me then he said with shock, "Oh my God!" 

My parents turned around and looked at me. Both had a look of shock on their face. Then I saw them look at my crotch, it was then I realized I had one of the biggest erections in my life. Now I was embarrassed and dropped my dirty laundry on the rec-room floor and went directly to my room. 

When I got to my room I picked out one of my Penthouse Letters Magazine and opened it to my favorite section, boys/boys girls/girls and pulled my jeans and underwear down and started to scan the section and I noticed a story I have not read before. It was about two guys who were reading porn together and one dared the other when he said, "Hey man why don't you try and suck your own dick." The other guy then one took all his clothes off and laid down on the floor and raised his legs up and over till his dick was pointed at his mouth while his friend pressed down on his ass trying to get his dick close to his mouth. They could only get his dick about six inches away from his mouth and he stuck his tongue out to try and lick the tip. Failing to do that his friend said, "Why don't you jack off into your mouth instead?" He started to jack his cock while his friend held him steady and after a few minutes he felt his orgasm build up and he opened his mouth and came in it. He then got up and swallowed his own come while his friend looked at him and said, "Wow." Then his friend pointed at his cock and said, "Why don't you try some directly from the source?" and he bent down and sucked his friend's cock and swallowing his come also. 

I looked down at my own cock while I was slowly stroking it and figured why not. So I took off my clothes and lay in my bed naked and raised my legs up over my head like in the story and started to jack off. When I felt my orgasm build up I opened my mouth and shot about half of my load in it with the other half landing around my mouth. I then lowered my legs and sat up to swallow when I saw my mom standing in my bedroom watching me. She now had a robe on from what I could tell there was nothing underneath it. When I looked at her she just smiled and walked towards my bed and sat next to me and said, "Your dad was worried you might be mad or upset so I came up here to check on you."

I started to wipe my come off of my face and mom raised her hand and said, "Leave it there."

I then said, "No I'm not mad or upset just a little shocked is all."

Mom then asked, "Why should you be shocked most men do that every once in awhile. Haven't you sucked off your friends?"

I looked at my mom and shook my head no, she then looked at the magazine I was reading and saw the type of stories I was looking at and said, "You want to don't you Jack?" 

I really didn't see the reason to lie to her so I nodded my head yes and she asked, "What exactly do you want to try with a man? Do you want to suck his cock like your father does with John?"

Again I nodded my head yes she then said, "Let me go talk to your father and see what he says and we can talk about this later." Mom then leaned over and licked my come off of my face she then asked, "Are you going out tonight to be with your friends?"

"I don't think so, coming home this weekend was kind of a spur of the moment thing so I don't have anything planned for tonight," I replied. Mom then left my room to go down stairs to talk to my dad and his friend John. 

I got my wallet out and looked up Kathy's home phone number I don't know why but I really wanted to talk to her. I dialed her number and young man answered the phone.

"Hello," he said.

"Hi my name is Jack is Kathy there?" I replied.

"She is kind of busy at the moment," he said then I could tell he started to breath a little harder

I then asked, "What is she doing?" 

He was breathing harder now and he replied, "Kathy and her mom are kind of talking."

"Can you tell her that Jack from School wants to talk?" I asked.

"Sure just a minute," He replied. He laid the phone down and I heard him walk off. In the background I was hearing some strange noises and then I heard some footsteps come toward the phone some one picked it up and they said, "Hello this is Kathy."

"Hi Kathy this is Jack how are you doing tonight," I said.

"Hi Jack I'm surprised you called how are you doing?" Kathy said.

"I'm doing ok," I lied, lets face it finding out your parents like to do threesomes with a long time family friend and also finding out the reason they like doing it is because your dad likes to suck cock and swallow come can be a little too much information. Then I asked Kathy. "Do you like being with me?"

There was a pause then she said, "Jack you're the nicest man I know, of course I like seeing you. You're the first person to treat me with respect."

What about the sex? Is there anything that I might have pushed too far?" I asked Kathy.

Kathy replied, "The sex is great you're a good lover Jack you're real gentle with me Jack and I like that a lot."

"Is there anything that we haven't done together that you would like to try?" I asked.

Kathy thought for a moment then she said, "There might be a few things what would you be open to?' 

Now it was my turn to pause then I said, "I really have not had that much experience until I met you. I'm pretty open to suggestions. I would be willing to talk about anything you suggest." 

Then Kathy asked, "Is there anything you would like to try?" 

I thought then I said, "I would like to try a threesome, would you be willing to do that with me."

Kathy asked, "A threesome with you, me and another woman or another man?"

"Which would you prefer?" I asked.

"Two men silly, but I would do one with another woman if you liked," Kathy said. 

Then I asked," Would you have sex with the other woman also?"

"Sure why not it's not like I haven't done that before," Kathy replied. Then she asked, "If we had a threesome with another guy would you have sex with him?"

"I have never done anything like that with a guy, what did you have in mind?" I asked Kathy. 

"I don't know he could suck you, you could suck him, you could fuck each other," Kathy said. 

"Would you like to see me do that?" I asked.

"Yeah I think that would be hot, I'm surprised you have never done that before. Would you do that for me?" Kathy asked

"Let me think on it for a bit, I might have an answer when we both get back to school on Sunday," I replied.

"What would you like to do?" I asked.

There was a pause then I heard some voices in the background Kathy then said, "I really like to watch, when I'm in the shower at school l like to look at other people and I wonder what they like to do. Last year I used to watch my roommate have sex with her boy friend although I don't think they knew it."

Then I closed and said, "I'll see you Sunday when we get back to school." 

Kathy then said, "Ok see you on Sunday."

At the time I thought that was a clever answer aside from my dad and his friend John I didn't know any one who did this. Hell I didn't know there was a gay underground at my campus at the time. So I figured even if I wanted to do it I had a snowballs chance in hell of finding a willing partner. 

Mom came in to my room again; this time she wasn't wearing any clothes. I thought that was kind of unusual. I thought her, John and dad decided to resume their activities and she came up here to ask me to give them some privacy. Mom looked at me and then I realized I was as naked as she was then she said, "I talked to your dad and John about what you would like to do. They would like you to come down stairs and talk it over with them."

"Ok give me a second to put some shorts on and I will be right down," I replied. 

"Don't worry about that they don't have their clothes on either I think they would be more comfortable if you came down the way you are," mom said.

We went down stairs dad and John were sitting on the couch they both had erections and they were stroking their own cocks. Mom sat in the only other chair in the rec room. Dad looked at me and said, "Jack go ahead and sit on the floor." So I sat down on the carpeted floor in front of the couch. Facing dad and John with mom off to the side. 

Then mom asked, "Were you telling me the truth up stairs in your room?" I nodded my head yes. Then mom said, "Look directly at your dad and tell him what you told me you want to do." 

I looked at my dad he was still stroking his cock I never saw it erect before, it was about seven to eight inches long and I said, "Mom asked me if I would like to try sucking a cock to see if I liked it. I told her yes, but I didn't know anyone who would do that with me."

Dad got up off the couch and walked over to me. He stood directly in front of me with his cock just inches in front of my face. I looked up at him and he said, "Now is your opportunity to find out if you like it as much as I do. Go ahead Jack open your mouth and suck your first cock."

Mom then said, "Go ahead Jack your dad has a wonderful cock it would be a good one for your first taste. Open your mouth and take it in after that it gets easier."

I didn't realize it then, now looking back it was one of those life-forming events. On the one hand I new about homosexuals and I vaguely new about their life style. To be honest I saw it as a empty and hollow way to live and I did not want that for my self, I wanted more, I wanted a wife kids and family on one hand. On the other this is something I have been thinking about since I was in junior high. This was something I really needed to try just once to see if I liked it. Besides Kathy just told me she would like to see me do this and I told her I would give her an answer Sunday. Honestly this was not an ideal situation. Lets face it this was my dad with his hard on just a couple of inches from my mouth and I thought what the hell a cock is a cock and I want to finally have a first time. So I grabbed my dad's hard cock and pulled it into my mouth and I heard my mom say. "Oh my god he is really going to do it."

I then started to jack him off with my right hand while I held my self steady with my left hand on his leg while I went up and down with my mouth and licking and swirling my tongue around the shaft and head. Dad started to moan a little saying my god he is doing a great job. To be honest I really started to get into it and decided if dad came I was going to take it all in my mouth. 

I started to pick up my effort in sucking harder and faster. With that my dad started to moan louder and his dick started to jump around a little in my mouth with each stroke of my tongue and lips. I was enjoying the feeling I was getting from that. Then dad started to thrust his hips in a labored movement like he was doing some kind of exercise then he let out a loud grown on one final thrust and half filled my mouth on the first spurt, the second spurt almost filled it and on the third I had his come running down my chin. When dad stopped coming I looked up at him and swallowed his load in three swallows. To be honest the taste of come is something of a acquired taste like beer, except it is just on this side of disgusting. On the whole it was something I found extremely pleasurable 
