 So very many times in my life I have been faced with confrontational situations that pushed me 'off track'. I just let people do it; and like a deer in the headlights, got smacked. Oh, sure, later I would come up with all of the things I coulda woulda shoulda said and done, but in the moment, I just folded. Then I bore the hurt. I still don't react quickly enough to a person who challenges me out of the blue with a flip flop to their normal personality. People who flare and go volcano for their own reasons and direct their wrath at me... I still usually just take it. Well, times change.

With all that 'experience' under my belt, I believe I will start reacting 'my way' from now on. Why get angry when I can get even?! The room is warm. Not so warm that we will sweat. I am not sweating. I'm so close to Ben's ear that I can feel the heat radiating off of his head. His hair calls to me and I nuzzle my way up the side and bury my face in his top-heavy haircut. Man, he smells good. He hasn't moved a muscle since he saw the knife in my hand.

I've been holding a hand on one side of his neck. The hand with the knife has been resting on his shoulder. He can feel the blade on his skin. That's enough. We are even now. I sit up, let the knife drop to the bed beside him, and undo the strap holding the ball gag. His eyes follow my every move. With the ball gag thrown to the floor, we stare at each other. I wait...

"Now what?" His voice is steady, and he has on his poker face - the way a terrified rabbit holds its ground when it sees a predator too close for comfort. They think. Ben has plenty of time to think. 

So, Ben, have you ever been the rabbit before?

"The what?" Ben is mouth breathing...I do that under stress, too.

I win, Ben. Do you agree?

"Yes!" He only speaks after the seconds of head nodding to indicate capitulation.

Okay. I accept your white flag of surrender. My smile is kind of beaming, and I do want to enjoy this moment, but I want Ben to enjoy it, too. I pick up the knife and place it on the waistband of his briefs. Ben. Do you want me to let you get up now, or can we play out a fantasy that we will both enjoy? Remember, we will never hurt each other. Yeah, there's the smile that got me hooked on you in the first place. I bend down and place my mouth on his. He does all of the 'work' and the kiss is amazing.

"Do I call you Master?" He looks like he wants me to.

No, Ben. Not even in fantasy. Let's share ourselves equally.

"Okay." He looks confused.

Let me know if the following will please you. I'll raise the knife and hold it like a dagger over your belly. My hand will reach under the briefs you still have on; and pull them upward away from your body. You'll squirm a bit...as much as you can while still in your restraints. The knife will slide between fabric and skin, sharp side down, so you can feel the possibilities. I'll rotate it and proceed to cut the cloth, and shred it from your body. I'll pull the remnants from under your butt cheeks, and let out a low and slow growl: mmmm... His tentative smile tells me we are on the same page.

"Guess I'm stuck being the submissive." It is a declaration, tinged with some excitement.

I can let you up.

"No." His response is quick, and definite. "Tell me more...please."

I will, but every possibility that you say yes to gets acted out before the next one is revealed. Agreed?

"Agreed. Yes." Now his eyes are regaining the twinkle that I love.

Ben. No matter what you and I do together from now on has to be mutually respectful and enjoyable. I want us to build something lasting together. Something...

"Something that will let me show you my true feelings, feelings that don't need fear as a shield anymore."

Exactly.

I lift the briefs from the taut muscles of his stomach, and very slowly cut them away from his now very sweaty body. I am very, very impressed with the beauty of Ben in all of his masculine glory. With his toned body shining with sweat, the oasis of trimmed crotch hairs looks enticingly cool and I need to run my fingers there. For starters.

"Oh! Okay! That kinda tickles."

Really? He regrets what he just said and clamps his mouth shut. Now I am really not a fan of videos where the tied-up guy gets tickled into a wild laughing frenzy. But let's see where this goes. I reach down and pick up a small piece of his shredded briefs. I dangle the fabric over his semi and let it trail the full eight inch length. He winces to stifle his delight. Okay, Ben, here's another possible for us. I'll use this fabric to ever so lightly play with your body, like a feather dancing on your skin. I won't try to make you laugh. What I surely will do is make you as hot as I can; and take you to the brink one time for each of your inches - eight edging episodes, with you restrained and completely under my benevolent power.

"Yes. I don't know if I can hold out for all eight edgings, but..."

If you do not...if you cum sooner, then you get punished with a task of my choosing - no preview spoiler and no backing down. Agreed?

"Yes." With the fabric in my hand, I lean in to Ben's sweet smile and kiss him. I dance the tip of the cloth on a nipple as we do the tongue twirl, and he emotes with unintelligible groans. I am a pits man, and dust his body with the cloth, while licking and inhaling the musk that we have been building on his skin. My head swims in his scent and he starts to swim in a delirium of his own pleasure, as well. Unable to push me away, and not wanting to, Ben succumbs to all the manipulations I give him as we march our way through the first five of his edgings. He does move and squirm, though from extreme delight; and a natural desire to stem the intensity of feeling that I provide to him. Funny how that works, isn't it?

"Not gonna make it to eight!" I offer to cool him down.

I blow my breath over his nuts and send short strong bursts of warm air blasting on his cockhead, while he twists against the restraints in oh-so-sweet over stimulation. I tell him that I will be back in a minute. I pad my way back and sit by his side. The ice in the shallow bowl will do nicely. He sees it and tenses.

"No!"

Are you sure? It will feel amazing. It will extend your edging, too. Tell you what. I could just do it, you know. This eye-lock is the one that matters more than ever. Our silent communication transcends any and all possible verbal sharing. I set the bowl on the nightstand and reach for the restraint on one of his wrists. He follows me with his head and eyes. I release his hand, untwist the fabric, and hold his hand in mine. No more fear, not even in roll play games. Will you let me use the slip-out feature now?

"Yes." His eyes are wide with wonder; and his heart and mind are open to me. "I'll do my best to not break free."

I reach for the bowl. The cubes are large and wet. When one first touches his chest, right between his bulging pecs, Ben lets out a muffled: "Uhh!" I slide it down his ribs and he starts to melt quicker than the ice. My tongue licks up the wetness and it tastes wonderful. It tastes Ben. A small sliver hovers over his mouth and he puts his tongue out to receive it. Just as it gets lapped up, I ice a nipple and he bucks as if given an electric shock.

"Oh God! Oh!" I ice the other one and he arches his back, but stays restrained. His nips are small, though now fully hard and enticing. We lock eyes and he follows me down as my outstretched tongue reaches for a sweet reward. A minute of gentle licking later and we have still kept the eye-lock going. After his second one gets some love, I decide it is time to go for the Big Reveal of the Day. Okay, Ben. I think you know where this is going. He nods and I continue. 

"I may not last a real good icing." ...and I continue.

The ice barely touches his nutsack and he goes ballistic. I do not stop. I grab more in both hands and run frigid cubes over his hot crotch, covering every inch of him in swiftly melting ecstasy as his body heat collides with the ice. He squirms. He writhes. He twists. He wriggles. He stays in the restraints. Ben is hard as steel and his nuts are pulled way up, and not just from the icing they are getting. My guy is nearing his limit of 'control'. I go in for the...thrill.

My mouth descends over his penis, and I deepthroat Ben, with my nose coming to rest in the shallow pool of his now dripping wet pubes. The warmth of my throat contrasts with the icing in his shaft and he bucks and screams and explodes. I ride his gyrations like a winning cowboy rides a prize bull; and he fills me with his seed. Rope after strong rope floods my throat and nothing is left to drain. Ben collapses onto the bed and starts to sob. I quickly release his limbs and hold him to me. He clutches my body like a child does a treasured stuffed toy. We gently rock together until he regains some composure.

"I didn't make it to eight, but I have no regrets. No one...I've never... "

Me either, Ben. I've never asserted myself until I met you and you inspired me to go for it. We had a rocky start, but we've both found our way. Found something within us that needed to come out. Found that we can give each other the most wonderful gift of all...love. Unconditional love. And now for the forfeit reward that you owe me!

"I do. I will. What is it?"

Ben, you are about to treat me to all of the 'reveals' that you have received from me this day...minus any restraints. Not even the slip-out ones. You can have me completely without the props, although I will admit that, some of the time, we both found them to be quite 'energizing'. Only get me a pair of your own briefs, Ben. Mine are too expensive to trash at the alter of your libido. Oh, I filled up the ice tray again, just in case. Of course, I was sure you would not be able to make it through that last bout. I took you there and let you tumble over the edge just as planned.

"You bastard." His smile is lighting up the room.

And you are a bastard lover, right, Ben?

He locks eyes with me, and as he reaches into a drawer to retrieve a pair of his briefs, he utters the single word we both long to say; and long to hear.

"Yes."

The End