 I stepped into the shower and turned on the water. I adjusted the temperature to what I liked and turned the shower itself on. The water began to wash over me and wash the sweat of the day away. It had been a very tense day. Our client had proven to be a total asshole. He wanted to make all sorts of changes that were difficult to accommodate.

Here's our story. We work as Audio Visual Techs and Specialists in a variety of disciplines. Our job is to go into a conference room(s), ballroom(s), and/or exhibit halls all over the country and set up the AV for visual presentations. Then we operate it until the end of the event and then we strike it all and go on to the next meeting.

In this particular case we were setting up for a company's new product unveiling. Some new whiz bang product that had a few features different and/or better than the previous model and they wanted to unveil it and hopefully hype it up.

I was working as the Project Manager on this one and I had a very good crew in my general session as well as my breakout crew. The problem was the particular person the client had assigned to the General Session to oversee it from their point of view. He was a young man about 22-25 years of age. It quickly became apparent that he had never done anything at like this before. I won't go into details, but it wasn't a pleasant experience and I was so tense by the time I got home I felt like I had some muscle cramps coming on.

As the water flowed over me I felt some of the tenseness leave and I began to let my mind wander. After I had been in a little while I felt a difference in air pressure. I heard a few noises letting me know someone else was home. I just stood there and began soaping away my worries.

All of a sudden I felt soft warm hands begin to slide over my wet soapy skin. All over my back. My neck. My arms. It felt sooo good. The tenseness I still had left began seeping away slowly and then faster and faster. The hands came around and encircled me and began rubbing my chest. Brushing my nipples lightly. Using the soap on me. Slowly going down to my navel and cleaning me up. It felt so good that I just let it happen. I didn't do anything but lean against the shower wall and moan with pleasure. Soon I was lost in the total sensation of those wonderful wandering hands. 

I began to harden under those ministrations. My ballsack got bigger and felt like it was lower. Those hands were everywhere it seemed. The right one began concentrating on my hardon and the left wandered to my nipples on both sides. Then it went behind me and began to soap up my ass cheeks. I gave a mighty moan and groan as questing fingers found the rosebud of my asshole. Gently but persistently I was entered first with one finger, and then two and finally three. I felt totally stretched. Meanwhile, the right hand was stroking me slowly up and down. Every now and then it would wander down to my balls and feel them up.

Finally the left hand came around and guided my hips back just a bit until I was bent forward at the waist. I felt more fingers probing at my anus. As I was being entered I realized that I wasn't being entered by mere fingers. It was a rock hard cock coming in. I started to tense up but instead I forcibly made myself relax. 

It pushed in slowly but inexorably. All the while those wonderful hands we still roaming all over my body. Finally, it was in all the way. He stood behind me for a few moments letting my ass get used to the intrusion. Then he began slowly fucking me in and out. It was uncomfortable at first but soon I began thrusting my ass back at him trying my best to get even more in me. Soon he was slamming into me. Ramming it in and out so fast that it felt like with each thrust he was going deeper and deeper than ever before. Neither one of said a word. But we both did a lot of moaning and crying out with pleasure. I loved the feel of that rock hard cock entering into me from behind. 

For awhile when he first started he was still rubbing my chest and tweaking my nipples while the other hand stroked my hardon. I almost came several times. Between the soap and the pre-cum my cock was drooling it was really slick. His hands still felt awesome on my body but now with the added stimulation of getting my ass reamed those feelings were magnified.

His thrusting seemed to take on urgency. His hands left my body and he stood up straight. His hands gripped my waist instead and he really started laying it into me harder and faster. He was about to cum. I felt myself ready to cum also. This was going to be one of the moments where both people came simultaneously. That doesn't happen often, but when it does it's awesome. He came deep in my ass, flooding me with spurt after spurt of hot cum. I came with spurt after spurt all over the tile in front of me. I could feel my toes curl and I rose up a little. My mind felt like electrical mush. The neurons were just going wild.

I slowly sank back down and leaned against the wall weak as a kitten on rubbery legs. Smearing my cum all over my belly and still hard cock. Suddenly I heard a knock at the door.

It was my wife and she was telling me she was home and we needed to talk about our dinner plans. I grunted something out knowing she couldn't possibly understand a word I said even if I was coherent because of the noise of the shower. I also knew that she would resume the discussion as soon as I got out. 

As the last thought and vestiges of my male lover dissapated in my fantasy I mused that I hoped to one day experience what I had just fantasized. A hard cock in my mouth. A hard cock in my ass. And maybe, one day, in both holes at once. Wouldn't that be cool. I reached behind me and slowly slid the curved round plastic handle of the loofa brush out of my ass. Then I un-wedged it from the soap dish and washed it off thoroughly. I also washed my cum off the shower walls and my lower belly. I rinsed all of the soap off of my body. Then I shut off the water and went out to my lovely and loving wife and I talked to her about her day and dinner and what not. All the while thinking of how awesome it would be to be on my knees before another man sucking him off and/or bent over the couch getting pummeled from behind with a big juicy 8" cock.