 By the time I had reached my early thirties, I had to finally acknowledge my growing hunger for cock. I was happily married, but certainly bisexual and I had not been with a guy for going on ten years. I had sated my hunger with toys and magazines, since this was before the internet, but knew I wanted more.

The small town that I lived in at that time had a single adult bookstore. It was tucked away downtown, and if you weren't looking for it, you would certainly miss it. It had a clever title, "The Plain Brown Wrapper", and was mostly ignored by the general population. It had its share of browsers for regular straight porn, and most people adopted the attitude of "I didn't see you here, and you didn't see me here either" if they ran across someone they knew.

I had been in the store several times, purchasing some magazines and books, and the odd bisexual video or two. I also knew they had a movie arcade in the back, but I had never been there. Eventually, curiosity won out, and I had the clerk change five dollars into tokens so I could see for myself what lay behind the curtain.

The bookstore was very clean, and I didn't see anything in the hallways that would make me run the other way, so I made my way to a booth. In those days, the booths advertized what was playing in them, usually a choice of one or two films, and not the multi-channel booths you see today.

I selected a booth showing two decidedly gay films, figuring that if I was going to go this route, I might as well go all the way. I entered and shut the door, locking it behind me, as my eyes became adjusted to the darkness. I saw the coin slot and fed a dollar's worth into the machine, then sat down in the single chair.

The movie was a standard 1980s gay porn flick, impossibly tanned hard-bodied guys sucking and fucking each other. The sucking parts got me going, as that was and is my favorite bi activity, and I soon found my cock very stiff in my jeans. Just as I began to pull it out, I noticed something I had not seen before.

Just to my right was a large hole cut into the wall, leading into the next booth. I had heard and read about glory holes before, but had never seen one in person. A thrill ran through me as I thought about the possibilities of seeing another cock, and maybe going even further than that!

I peered through the hole and, to my great disappointment there was no one on the other side. Sighing, I took my jeans down and began to play with my cock, watching the hot action on the screen. It was getting good now, with one stud servicing several hot cocks, and I was very stiff watching it. Suddenly, I heard the door to the next booth open, close and lock. I resisted the urge to look through the hole, deciding I would wait a few minutes to see what might happen. I continued to fondle my erection as I waited.

About three minutes later, I heard the familiar sound of a belt being unbuckled, a zipper sliding down, and a pair of pants hitting the floor. I could ignore the urge no longer, and bent over to take a look through the hole.

What I saw was a wondrous sight indeed! A tall Caucasian man had his pants down and was stroking what looked to be a good seven inches of stiff cut cock. I gasped involuntarily, as it had been a long time since I had seen a nice cock like that up close. 

He must have heard me, as he slowly turned and stroked his hard cock, moving forward towards the hole. Before I could move, he thrust it through the hole, and I was face to face with his beautiful cock.

I took a good long look at his penis, gazing at it longingly. It was thick and hard as steel, with two veins bulging at the sides, pulsing with his breathing. As I continued to look, I slid down to my knees, knowing that I wanted to pleasure his cock.

As I inched closer, a drop of pre-cum appeared at the tip of his cock, slowly beginning to slide off the head. I heard a muffled "Suck it!" through the wall, and decided I could not wait any longer.

I extended my tongue and licked the drop off the head, then slowly engulfed it into my hot mouth. I heard him groan through the wall, and I groaned as well, moaning my pleasure at once again having a thick hard cock in my mouth. Feelings I had not experienced in years came flooding back, and I eagerly began sucking my new friend's rod.

Sucking cock really is like riding a bike, once you learn how you never forget. I immediately found my rhythm, and began worshiping his cock like a starving man -- which, in effect, I was! As time moved on, I was slurping up and down his cock, pausing now and then to lick and kiss his balls, then back up to the head and down again. I worked him hard for about fifteen minutes, alternating between his shaft and his balls, concentrating on maximizing my unseen lover's pleasure.

As I sucked, I heard him softly moaning in pleasure at what my mouth and tongue were doing to him, and it turned me on even more. I continued to suck, and finally felt him stiffen in my mouth. Knowing the sign of a cock about to orgasm, I debated swallowing or spitting, and then finally the choice was made. "I'm cumming! Take it cocksucker, take my load!" he yelled, and then came the flood.

His cock pulsed and squirted hot sticky sperm into my mouth, and I struggled to take it all. Since I hadn't had any in so long, I didn't want to lose any, so I sealed my mouth tight around his shaft and drank every drop he had to offer. He shot a big load, and it felt like a gallon of hot semen pouring into me, but I took it all.

Finally he was spent, his cock now deflating in my mouth. Like a good cocksucker should, I used my tongue and cleaned all of his sperm from his dick.

He withdrew from the hole, and any thoughts of him returning the favor evaporated as I heard his pants being zipped and buckled once again. I heard his door unlock and open, and then he was gone. With the taste of him still on my lips, I sat back down and jacked my cock, sticky with pre-cum, to a shatteringly hot climax. I shot all over the wall, the memory of my lover's dick unloading in me pushing my load through my balls at a record pace. Exhausted now, I sat back down and cleaned up, using the paper towels thoughtfully provided by the bookstore. After a few moments, I pulled myself together and left the bookstore, knowing I would be back. I spent many hours there with a hard cock in my mouth, and loved every minute of it!

If you're in, or traveling though, the west central Texas area, and would like to experience this for yourself, I'd be happy to show you my skills. You'll enjoy it, satisfaction guaranteed!