 Note: This is the first chapter in a longer story that will become increasingly more graphic and more kinky. It is also my first submission.

*

Mike walked along the trail, a little further into the woods. He walked slowly, trying to make out what lay ahead, with only the limited moonlight filtering through the tree canopy to illuminate his path.

He had never done anything like this before. Sure, he had swapped blow jobs with most of his junior high school friends, but he had given that up, however reluctantly, when all his friends turned their attention to tits and pussy. Twenty years later, with a wife, two young kids, a successful career, and a solid middle-class life, he had had the occasional thoughts and masturbation fantasies of sucking cock and spreading his ass for another man to use, but he had not touched another cock since he was 16. And now, here he was, walking down a path in the woods under the cover of darkness, with the anticipation of gay sex.

He had lived in this neighborhood for five years, but it wasn't until he found himself, home alone and hard cock in hand, curiously exploring a gay hook up website, that he found out the woods behind his subdivision was a popular late-night cruising ground. He had cum all over himself, the computer desk, and the carpeted floor that night as he read user stories about all manner of hook ups, from hand jobs and blow jobs, to outright fucking, to group sex, and even bondage and other kinks. He also read advice to newbies about where to go and what to do.

His heart was pounding, and the anticipation was driving him, pumping adrenaline, or serotonin, into his system (he had read about that too—the internet is such a great education tool). Just the rawness of the taboo of giving himself over to his carnal desires to make another man cum -- let alone the pure sluttiness of having sex with whatever men he might come across -- was enough to make his cock rock hard.

Then boom, out of nowhere, it struck him. He was right up on it before he realized that the tiny light he had been staring at, walking towards, was the red hot cherry on the end of a cigarette. And that cigarette was attached to the lips of... Of... Of a teenager. That boy couldn't be a day over 18, if that! He knew what to do—to look him in the eyes, glance down to his crotch, grab his own crotch, and all the other ways to signal that he was cruising, that he wanted sex. But before his mind could process everything, he had already walked right past the boy.

Before he could think through turning around, he heard it. Off to his right. Behind what must be bushes. He heard the grunts that he instinctively knew must be two men fucking. He intuitively turned and started in that direction. Being a little more careful now, he saw, maybe 12 feet away, another young man, but this one was maybe in his mid-20s. And this one clearly had his cock out of his pants and he was slowly stroking it, watching the two men who were fucking.

Mike had to get within reaching distance before he could see the two naked men (almost naked: they were still wearing socks and shoes, but had tosses their shirts and pants aside). One was leaning slightly forward, hands on a tree, feet apart and slightly offset. The other naked guy had his hands on the first one's hips, thrusting his own hips backwards and forward. Hard. Mike could hear the bodies slapping. And though he could not really see the fucker's cock, he could tell from the depth of the fucking motion, that it must be long. And the grunts, bordering on screams, told him that the cock must be pretty fucking thick, too.

As he was taking in the scene, the guy next to him moved over. Moved close. Until their arms were touching. Mike needed no more invitation. His right arm went down. And over. His hand grabbed the guy's cock. As Mike started jerking this kid off, the kid put his arm around Mike's shoulder. Within thirty seconds, that arm was gently guiding a willing slut down to his knees, down to where he could suck a cock for the first time in 20 years. 

And it was everything he could have imagined. And more. This kid was no kid. He was clearly a masterful oral top. God only knew how many other men this kid had branded by skull fucking them and pumping cum down their throats. But as far as Mike was concerned, he could be the first, or the millionth. He just wanted to make this kid cum. He wanted to be used, and used he was. In less than a minute, and without Mike even realizing it, the kid was holding his head in place, pulling his hair tight, and pumping his cock in and out of Mike's mouth. 

Each thrust went just a little bit deeper. Mike was intoxicated by his lust and by the raging fucking that was only getting louder 20 feet away. Before he knew it, this kid had gotten his cock into Mike's throat. Not the back of his mouth, but down his throat. Mike had wondered how much cock he could take, and had worried that he would be an obvious beginner, gagging after a couple of inches. And here he was now, with a cock stretching his throat muscle open over and over again. 

Mike could hear other men, breaking sticks as they walked up. Hear them as they unzipped. But he was turned away and could see nothing. Nothing other than the sandy blond pubic hair and the cock that was fucking his face. The shirt had been pulled up and Mike could see a nicely (but not too nicely) defined six pack. He started to fondle the guy's balls and squeeze his ass cheeks. A couple of ass slaps later, Mike was slapped back into reality as cum started to fill his mouth. He couldn't exactly swallow with the hard fat cock stuffed down his throat. The load of cum filled his mouth, and flowed out of the corners and down his chin. He started to gag a little. But then the kid pulled his cock out, wiped it on Mike's shirt, put it in his pants, zipped up and walked away. 

Mike swallowed, rolled his tongue around in his mouth, and savored the taste. And savored his reawakening. The new old Mike, the faggot cock sucker. He licked cum from his lips. He wiped cum from his chin and sucked it off his finger. He felt unchained. And alive.