 I didn't answer Reggie's question that night when he asked me, "Do you love me?" 

I laughed it off and we went to sleep, back to back, right next to each other. And we continued to see each other each night, meeting up at my place after our daily lives of work, school, and whatever else makes up a daily life. 

Evenings we spent together, talking into the night about our past, hopes and hurts, loves and losses. Sleeping together most nights in my bed, playing around with each other, massages, and touching, rubbing and enjoying the nearness of someone dear. 

We had been in this routine for a few weeks, when one night it got to be about 10 o'clock and I had not heard from Reggie. I texted him to ask if he was coming by tonight. 

No response. 

By midnight, I showered and went to sleep. It was odd but not without precedent for Reggie to not come over and be slightly MIA on occasion. I had said from the beginning that I was not going to force a definition nor a set of expectations on this relationship. 

The closest we had come to having actual sex was the night I licked his ass and then the night that I awoke at 2 am to an awareness that Reggie was masturbating right next to me, on his back with his head pressed back into his pillow, eyes closed. 

I watched him slyly as the sheets moved like a spinning dervish was in there. When he opened his eyes and saw me, he stopped.

"Are you watching me?" he asked. 

"Hell, yes, I am. Keep going," I said. 

With a big smile, he threw back the sheet and went back to rubbing his cock, which was beautiful, slick, dark and not small. I was to his right and he was stroking himself with his right hand. I scooted down in the bad so that I was eye-level with his cock. This was the first real look I had of his penis, of the front of him without clothes. He was delicious looking.

I slid my hand under his right thigh and began tickling up his thigh, feeling the little stubby hairs that grew there. I lightly touched at his balls, and he breathed heavily. 

The hair around his cock was thickly matted right at the base of his cock and balls, then it thinned out as the patch rose up toward his navel with a slight trail rising to meet the central patch of hair in the middle of his chest. There was some hair around his nipples and his pits were dark with hair forming a wide central line framed by his beautiful brown skin in each pit. 

He was a vision, stretched here naked. And I was continuing to watch him and to tenderly stroke the soft skin sack that held his balls. 

"Yes, do that more," he said, "I'm coming." And, indeed, he did amid incoherent yelps and heavy breathing, with his stomach rising and falling fast and his head tossed back. A large glistening puddle exploded onto his tight lined stomach. 

He was a joy to watch experience an orgasm. I hoped that someday, at some point, in whatever we were becoming or doing that I could do more to bring him to that point. I couldn't help pulling my hand out from under him and dipping a finger into the puddle on his stomach. I tasted his semen and it was deliciously salty and viscous. 

"You are officially a freak," He laughed, "You ate my sperm." 

"Ha," I said, "I did indeed. And it's damned fine sperm." Dipping in again, I tasted another bit of him, proclaiming, "Yum, you are quite the spunker." 

"Spunker? Good lord, where do you get this vocabulary?" he asked, as he laughed and rose up, awkwardly, trying to not drip and to avoid me grabbing more of his nectar. 

I lightly spanked his ass as he went past me. He stopped and shuffled his feet backward so that he was near me again, butt pointing back to me. I lightly spanked him again. 

"Mm-hmmm," he moaned heartily as he went to the bathroom to clean up. 

That was a few days ago. Now I hadn't heard from him tonight and I was really trying to just be ok with that. 

I said to myself, "Let it be. Go to sleep." And I did. 

A couple of days went by and one morning I came down the hallway heading for the kitchen and the coffee I could smell and knew would be made by now due to a timer on the machine. Lying on the sofa, sound asleep in his clothes, was Reggie. 

His shoes were kicked off and lying disjointedly on the floor below his feet, which were hanging off the end of the sofa. He looked crumpled and uncomfortable but very much asleep. 

I went into the kitchen and got a cup of coffee. On the refrigerator was a note. The note read, in his careful script:

Dear Thom,

I'm so sorry to have been out of touch and non-responsive for a few days. I'm an ass. I've been holed up at my apartment - mostly finishing a paper which is due today at 10 am and studying for an exam which I take this afternoon. But also, I have been struggling with my own feelings about myself and you and us. I know I should have called and talked with you, but I crawled up in my head about everything and couldn't find a way out until now. 

When I finished my paper at about 2 am, I tried to figure out what was bugging me, and I knew that I needed to talk with you. I still do. I started to text you but by then it was almost 4 am and so I drove over and used the code you gave me to come in through the garage to see if by chance you might be up You were fast asleep so I hit the sofa. 

I set my phone alarm. Please make sure that I'm awake by 8. Again, many apologies for not dealing with all of this very well. I hope we can talk tonight. There are some things I really want to tell you. 

Love,

Reggie

I took the note off of the refrigerator and looked at the clock. It was 6:45 am. 

I sat at the dining table and drank some coffee, rereading the note a couple of times. I particularly stared at the words, 'Love, Reggie.' I was so glad that he was ok. He was safe, and he was here in my house. 

At 7:30 I woke him up. And he stood up and hugged me. He apologized in person as he held me and again asked if we could talk later. I said yes and wished him well on his test. I left the house as he was heading for a shower. 

Later that afternoon, Reggie texted that he had finished the test and he would come by after his shift at the grocery store about 8pm. I made dinner and sat down on the sofa with a glass of wine. I put my feet up and leaned my head back and look to see that the clock said 7:50. 

It seemed that in no time he came through the door with a bottle of wine in one hand and a wrapped bow-bedecked gift in the other. 

It was so good to see him. I just looked at him for a while. What a beautiful man. His crown of dark hair framing his smiling face. Muscular and tall, even his work clothes fit him nearly perfectly. He kicked off his shoes and we stepped together for another of these delicious hugs. 

When I stepped back from him, he leaned forward and kissed me. I was shocked and didn't respond at first. I looked at his lips that had just left my face. And he smiled and came in close again, this time he kissed me longer and I felt his tongue press at my lips. I opened my mouth and his arms once again enclosed me. And he opened his mouth and we kissed slowly and I tasted his mouth, finding it incredibly sexy. 

After a few moments, I stepped back and, smiling, he put down the wine bottle and the gift on the table. He shook off his coat and stared at me. 

"I've missed you, Thom," he talked excitedly and very quickly, "I'm really sorry for getting lost in my head. We have to talk. I have so much to tell you. And this house smells amazing. What did you make for dinner? I'm starving. No time for lunch." 

I told him to sit and began moving food to the table. We ate and talked about the paper and the exam and the semester that was almost over. The wine was great, and Reggie really loved the red velvet cake I had prepared for dessert. 

When I opened the gift, I saw the photo he had pressed me to take one day in the living room as a selfie of the two of us, me sitting on the sofa and Reggie's head in my lap, during one of our many sessions of head-rubs and talking together. The photo was in a beautiful frame. I was very touched. 

"This is so perfect. It reminds me of some of the first times we spent together right here. Thank you," I said, looking up at him. "Would you like to sit down and assume our positions?" 

"No," Reggie said, "I have a better idea." And he took my hand like he had so many weeks ago when he first led me down my own hallway toward my bedroom. We undressed down to our boxers and I slipped into bed. Reggie looked down at me and removed his boxers. He then put his hand out to me. 

"Give me your shorts," he said with a growing wickedly sly smile. Of course, I gave them up quickly. 

Reggie then sat on the edge of the bed, scooting me over a bit. Only the lamp by the bed was on and he placed his hand on my chest, which was partially covered by a sheet. 

Reggie looked at me and then he looked down. He moved his hand under the sheet and touched my cock and rubbed me up and down. I couldn't believe he was doing this, touching me so intimately and tenderly. I shuddered, as he felt of my testicles, lightly pulling at the hair there and tickling me softly between my legs. 

He pulled his out from under the sheet and looked very serious. 

"When I first started coming over here and hanging out with you, I didn't really know what to think." Reggie started, "I loved talking with you and telling you about my life. 

"You seemed to care and be concerned about me in a way no one ever has. Then we began to get close," and he added air quotes to these two words. 

"I've always thought of myself as straight and that I like to have sex with girls," he continued, "But honestly I've never thought much about it. I just did what I was expected to do and wanted to do. Until I met you. 

"I don't really remember being listened to with the girlfriends I've had before," Reggie said looking at me, "And I don't know that I really listened to them a whole lot. I've learned a lot from you but mostly I've learned about myself. 

"You are a good man, Thom," he continued, "And you've opened me to new perspectives." 

I asked him, "Are you saying that you may be bisexual or that you might have sexual feelings for men now as a result of what we've been doing?"

"I don't know, Thom," He said looking me right in the eye, "I just know that I laugh around you. I smile around you. You make me feel wanted and comfortable. I like how you touch me and I like how I feel when I'm in bed with you. I'm surprised sometimes at how good it feels but it feels really good with you. Am I gay or bisexual?" 

A long pause. 

"I just don't know," he said at last, "But I know I like being around you and with you. If that's enough for you, it's enough for me." 

He reached to the lamp and the room went dark, with only the street light filtering in through the window. Reggie stood and pulled back the sheet, taking it completely off the bed. He scooted me over until I was in the middle of the bed, lying very still without anything on. 

"Put your hands behind you head and leave them there," he said, as he crawled onto the bed. I did as he said. 

"Now," Reggie said, in a near whisper, "let's continue to explore what you feel like." 

He placed a hand on my chest again and the other hand on my stomach. I moaned at the touch as his long fingers spread out brushing against the sparse hairs on my chest and stomach. 

"Oh, you feel all right," He laughed a little, "let's keep going and see what else we find here." 

He proceeded to stroke my torso and he rubbed his beautiful head of hair on my face and up my arms, pressing into my pits and when he moved to the left side of my body, he leaned in and nibbled on my left nipple. 

I cried out deeply. It felt so good to feel him wanting to please me and to taste me. 

His hands caressed me down my sides and he licked my right nipple, as his hands spread my legs and he crawled in between them. He lifted my left leg into the air and he kissed my knee there, running one of his hands down slowly, erotically, to my ass. He held the left cheek of my ass in his hand, cradling it like a precious thing. 

"Have you kissed this knee before, Thom?" he asked, now licking part of my uplifted knee. "Here," he said, "kiss this part here and taste it." He pressed my knee toward my face. 

As he leaned it forward he moved his head forward as well so that my lips met my own left knee and his face together, as I felt something hard and velvety brush against my scrotum and right thigh. My left thigh was now drawn completely next to my chest and Reggie and I were making out with my knee and each other. 

My ass was lifted off the bed when he reached for my right foot, as he now held both my feet over my face. I was doubled up and exposed as he opened my legs by spreading my feet super slowly. I was feeling stretched but not uncomfortable. Grateful for a decent body - give or take a few extra pounds - I was aroused and open, not sure what to think and not wanting this to stop. 

Reggie then leaning into me, still holding both feet in the air, brushed my lips with his and said in a sultry soft voice, "I want to know, Thom with an h, if it would be ok if I fuck you tonight." 

I whimpered at the feel of his cock against my ass. I nodded my head amid a lot of heavy breathing from both of us. 

He said, with a delicious smile on his face, "I didn't hear you. Was that a yes?" 

I laughed, "Yes. Yes. Affirmative. Please, yes." I was enjoying this playfulness from him and this position on my back with my ass in the air, with him being so dominant of me. I put hands on his shoulder and felt his curvy muscular arms. 

"But, first, will you just hold me?" I asked. 

He let go of my legs, which I wrapped around him as he lay his chest on my chest, His cock on mine, and his legs stretched out between mine. And he kissed me deeply and passionately. 

I moved my hands slowly on him as he kissed across my neck and shoulders. He was moving against me in a grinding motion that let me know that this young man is horny. I moved my hand between us and began to stroke his cock with a careful rhythm. He whined against my neck.

I shifted my hand to his balls and delicately held him there and said, "Fuck me, Reggie." 

He shifted between my legs, lifting my feet high in one hand. With the other, he grabbed the lotion bottle. Soon wet fingers slid into my ass crack as my feet were moved over my head. I watched him look at me there, seeing me open to him. As his hand played in my ass, he raised his eyes and met mine. 

"Open up, sweet man," he said, with a bit of a smile, as he pressed a finger into my hole. This was more than I thought would ever happen with Reggie. 

He pressed in a second finger and I wiggled against him and breathed out completely. When he had three fingers in my ass, Reggie slowly pushed them in and out of me, warming and stretching me there. I wanted him so much.

I thought I might come, with his naked brown body pressed to mine, this beautiful pressure in my ass and my feet above my head in his hand. 

"Do you like that?" he asked. 

His dark, thick chest leaned toward me and I felt him press his cock into me. He stared at me and his face was lovely and intense. I ran my hands slowly up and down his arms, as he placed my light-colored feet on his broad glistening shoulders. 

"How's this?" Reggie asked me. 

I nodded up and down and moaned in pleasure. He began to pull out and push in to me. Back and forth. I was in ecstasy. 

A cloudburst of emotion flashed inside of me and I ejaculated on my bent and lifted stomach and chest below. I huffed and felt so damned good. He increased his pace and soon he came in my ass, with powerful grunts and sounds that defied any explanation but love and lust. 

I woke up on the couch, a mess. My wine glass was as empty as the house. My clothes were still on and wrinkled. Dinner still in the oven, the kitchen light was on, the table set, and the clock read 10 pm. I startled to stand and look around. 

"What happened?" I ran down the hallway. My room was dark, the bed made. The house was a quiet and still witness to my panic and confusion.

"Reggie?!" I said out loud, too loud. I called his cell phone. No response. I called the store. Reggie had left at 6 pm they told me. 

"6 pm?" I went to the front door. His car wasn't in the driveway. There on the bench was a wrapped gift with a note. 

The note read: 

"Thom, I can't do this anymore. I am sorry. You're a nice guy and I've liked being with you. But I know I'm not gay - and so do you - and it's just getting too weird and confusing for us both. I've met a girl at school and she's been helping me with my paper. I didn't know how to tell you about her. Sorry for not telling you in person. I'm an ass, remember. Thanks for all you've done for and with me. See you around. -Reggie." 

I opened the gift and there in a nice frame was the photo of us in the sofa selfie with Reggie's gorgeous hair in my lap and a smile on my face. I sat down outside and cried. 

I typed a text to Reggie, "Really? Why?" and then, after looking at it awhile, I deleted, one at a time, the letters I had typed and put my phone away. 

Soon I went back inside, put food away and went to my bed, hoping to dream again about what I had dreamed already on the sofa of Reggie holding me and fucking me in this bed. I cried myself to sleep. 

I got up the next morning and went to work, getting on with my life, finding a new grocery store to frequent and nursing a beautiful story that I carry with me still in a broken and bittersweet part of my heart.