 This is a new story I'm working on, I do want to do other chapters but I also have to finished Opposites Attract. If you guys like it I'll continue it soon. Sorry about taking so long to post stuff, I will have a TON more time to post now.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Zosimos felt the whip crack down on his back once more. He screeched in agony and was met with only more blows for comfort. He knew he wasn't supposed to make a sound but by the 20th strike he couldn't help it. His brutal master continued to beat him until all that was left was the comforting dark. 

Zosimos woke in the damp darkness of the cellar. He sighed and took a moment to relish being alive before checking to see how bad his injuries were. He couldn't move his right leg at all. He swallowed and prayed it was nothing serious. Besides that there was only many many bruises and cuts along his body. It hurt to move even the tiniest inch, so he chose to just lie face down where his master had left him.

"Zo? Are you ok?" A weak voice came to him in the darkness. The only other sounds were a dripping pipe and the scuttling of rat feet on the cold cement ground.

"Theo? I'm ok." Zo's voice came out scratchy and weak from his screaming. He saw his only friend Theodore, or just Theo, crawl out from the darkness. He crawled meekly over to Zo's broken body and put a delicate hand on his arm. 

"He was mad tonight." He whispered. Zo just closed his eyes and tried to relax his screaming body.

"Are you ok?" Theo repeated. Zo nodded but regretted the motion when his body screamed in pain once more. 

"You should leave me, what if he comes in?" Zo said with his dry and cracked voice. Theo nodded but hesitated a moment before crawling back into the shadows. Moments after he had taken refuge in the dark corners of the room, the door banged open and their master came in. Whip at his side he threw a tray of food onto the ground. The pieces of stale bread and bowls of water crashed to the ground. Zo could see Theo's hungry eyes through the darkness but he knew better then to come out. Zo prayed his master was done 'playing' for the night, and would just leave them be. 

"Pigs." He growled and stormed back up. As soon as his boots were heard crossing the floor above Theo dashed from the shadows and ate his slice of stale bread. He used the bread to get as much water off the floor as possible. When he finished his portion of the meal he stared at the other slice of bread sadly. He looked at Zo before shoving the bread into his mouth. Zo knew Theo felt bad. But it was survival of the fittest down here. Theo couldn't give away the bread if he had the chance to eat it himself. Zo could make no move to stop him in the condition that he was in. Even friends were enemies in his world.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Two days after his master had beaten him half to death, Zo was healing nicely. He was able to fight for his own piece of food well enough, not that Theo ever put up a fight. Zo looked up at the only window in the cramped cellar, it was covered in thick pieces of wood so not a single ray of light could shine in. It had been years since Zo had seen the outside world. He wondered what it looked like. 

He had been born into slavery, as were his parents. His master was all he had ever known. Other slaves had spoken of more people, Zo knew they existed, sometimes he could hear them upstairs. When his master would have a party or a delivery would be made to his house. It wasn't often, but when it did happen Zo would just sit near the stairs and listen to their voices. He tried to picture what they would look like and that they would take him away and treat him with love and respect. The other slaves would tell him to stop dreaming, this was his life and it would never change. He knew they were right, but he never stopped dreaming.

Theo had come into slavery four years ago and had instantly bonded with Zo. They were both about the same age, though they didn't know what that number was no one ever cared to tell them. The other slaves had guessed around twenty. Most of the other slaves had already died or been sold. Zo Theo and a young girl, Jessin, were the only ones left. Jessin often just stayed underneath the stairs, she almost never ate and wouldn't make conversation with the two boys. Though what conversation they had was whispered and short. 

"Up." Their master called from the open doorway. Theo and Zo didn't hesitate to race up the stairs. They kept their eyes down and prepared to be hit at any moment, any flinching would result in only more punishment. Once upstairs they were told to scrub the kitchen clean before going into the living room. 

"How is your leg?" Theo asked, while scrubbing the floor. Zo shrugged. He didn't want to risk their master hearing them from the next room. He still could hardly move it, he limped and dragged it behind him. If he tried to put any weight on it he would only collapse in a heap of agony. He saw the wound where his master had stabbed him two days earlier. He had made the mistake of standing to stretch. His master had walked into the room at that time and punished him for his crimes, before beating him later that night. 

After finishing their chores in the kitchen they moved on to the other rooms in the house. After they had finished their master fed them more stale bread and water. Zo couldn't remember the last time he had had a real meal. They sat in their dark cellar, dozing slightly. None of them really ever slept, it was far to dangerous to put your guard down like that.

Zo took a moment to look at the wound in his leg. It was large and red, the swelling hadn't gone down and it was constantly leaking pus and blood. He made a disgusted face and knew it was infected. He swallowed nervously.

"You ok?" Theo asked. It seemed to be the only question he could ask.

"My leg is infected." Zo whispered. Theo gasped and his eyes widened. He knew that infection was the worst thing that could happen to a slave. Without treatment he would lose his leg, or even die. If he asked for help his master could very easily say no and punish him for his boldness. 

"What are you going to do?" Theo whispered. 

"I have to ask him, I have no choice." Zo swallowed. He crawled up the stairs carefully. Theo watched quietly from the bottom of the steps. When Zo raised his hand to knock he quickly scurried away from sight. Zo swallowed once more and knocked gently. Nothing happened so he knocked louder. He heard angry footsteps across the floor above and began regretting his choice. The door flung open and he backed up and kept his eyes down.

"What?" His master growled angrily, they only ever knocked for emergency's. And even then only if one of them was dying, for no other reason.

"Forgive m-me, M-master." Zo stuttered. This was the first time he had ever talked to his master directly. "My leg.... I need a doctor." He said in a whisper. He didn't know any other way to talk.

"A doctor?" His master looked taken aback.

"Yes, sir." Zo whispered, keeping his eyes on his masters feet.

"Let me see it." His master growled, he got crouched down and looked at Zo's leg. He gripped it to hard and Zo let out a pained squeak. His master glared at him and he silenced his agony. 

"You will be fine." His master said and stood.

"But master-"

"Silence!" He boomed and smacked Zo across the cheek. Zo cowered against the wall. His master slammed the door and Zo was left alone. 

He sighed and crawled back down the stairs painfully. Theo met him at the bottom and just watched him crawl into a corner. Soon Theo laid down as well and remained in that state of half sleep for the rest of the night.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Over time Zo got worse and worse. Theo tried his best to take care of him but soon he knew there was nothing he would be able to do. Zo spent his time lying in the corner in agony. His entire body screamed. His muscles would lock up and spasm. His neck and back were stiff and he had a high fever. His heart raced and was having trouble breathing.

"Master please, He's dying!" Theo begged his master one day. He glanced at Zo, huddled on the floor attempting to draw in breath. His body was stiff and constricted. The wound on his leg was angry and swollen looking. 

"He's faking it." His master said, it was obvious even he didn't believe it. But he knew if he were to take him to the hospital he would be charged with slave abuse. 

"You're a stupid man!" Theo shouted. He pushed pass his master and ran straight for the door. He opened it and dashed out into the sunlight. He squinted at the sudden brightness. He couldn't see and he heard his master coming from behind him. He dashed blindly away from the sound of approaching footsteps. 

"Someone help us, please!" He shouted to anyone who would hear him. 

"He is just kidding, nothing is wrong." He heard his master say, he tried to sound friendly and joking but it was clear he was scared.

'Someone is listening.'

"Please call the S.P.A" The shouted.

"Quiet!" His master growled and tried to pull him back into the house.

Theo couldn't see but he heard people murmuring quietly.

'Please, god someone help us.' Theo thought to himself. He heard the door shut behind them.

'Someone help him.' He thought, he knew he wouldn't be around to save.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

"Your friend was stupid, he paid for his mistake." His master muttered as he threw down a tray holding a single slice of bread and a bowl of water.

"W-w-where..... Theo?" Zo gasped.

"You wont be seeing him again." He could hear his masters smirk. Jessin glanced at Zo and swallowed. Zo moaned in pain. Not from his illness, but from the loss of a friend. 

"You're a monster." He gasped through his tears.

"So I've been told." His master laughed. But his laughter was cut short by a banging on the door.

"This is the S.P.A. We have gotten a complain from your neighbors. We need to search your house." A mans voice came from the door. Zo saw his master go pale.

"That little fucker." He growled. He rushed up the stairs and Zo heard him lock the door.

"Hello, sir. Can I help you?" He heard his master say.

"Yes, we need to search your home. We have gotten a warning that you're abusing your slaves." The voice said.

"I'm sure theres been a mistake." His master said. Zo wanted more then anything to call out, but he no longer had the strength.

"You do own slaves, don't you?" The voice asked.

"Well yes, but I treat them very well." His master said. 

"We will need to see them, sir." The voice sounded like its owner was smiling.

"Uh, alright." Zo could practically see his master sweating. He heard foot steps towards the hall. He swallowed and more tears came to his eyes. He was going to be saved. He wouldn't die. Theo wouldn't have died for nothing.

The footsteps got louder and he heard signs of a struggle upstairs.

"I've got him, sir." Said a new voice.

"Get off of me!" His master shouted.

"Not going to happen, bud. Where's the key to this door?" The comforting voice asked.

"Fuck you!" master shouted. 

"Fine we will do this the hard way." The comforting voice said. A second of silence passed before a loud banging at the door. After a few kicks the old wooden door collapsed and Zo sighed with relief.

"Hey, little man. You're going to be alright." The comforting voice now had a face, He was tall. At least 6'4" He had light brown hair the almost fell down to his warm green eyes. He wore a S.P.A uniform and the fabric was stretched tightly around his well defined body. He checked over Zo and found the wound on his leg. He swallowed nervously but held a smile to his face.

"My name is Mick. I'm with the S.P.A. And we're going to get you out of here, ok?" Mick said. Zo struggled to speak.

"Slave protection agency." He whispered. Mick laughed quietly as he found a blanket and wrapped Zo in the warm fabric.

"Yes." He smiled.

"Myth..." Zo squeaked out.

"We're not a myth. You're safe now." Mick said seriously.

"Safe..." Zo sighed before falling into darkness.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Mick laid the small man down on the plain white sheets. He looked even paler in comparison to the clean sheets. He hadn't woken up since Mick had rescued him from that awful cellar.

"Mick, how is he?" His boss poked his head in the room.

"He is okay sir, His leg is being treated. But he hasn't woken up yet." Mick said.

"Well I want you to be here when he does, alright? You know they usually trust who ever rescued them." His boss said. Mick nodded.

"Any others?" The large man asked.

"A female, she hasn't spoken yet." Mick said. His boss nodded and their was a moment of silence.

"We were to late to save one. The neighbors identified him as the one who escaped and screamed for help. Poor soul." Mick shook his head.

"People are sick, Mick. You of all people should know that." His boss said. Mick nodded and his boss squeezed his shoulder before leaving the room. Mick took a moment to look over the small boy. His body was still stiff and his muscles looked tense and painful. But besides his obvious ill state he was quite beautiful. His black hair fell down to his eyes and his Honey golden eyes, though closed at the moment, could make the sky jealous. His body was thin and malnourished, but they would fix that soon enough. He had several scars and bruises from his obviously cruel master. But he no longer had to worry about that man. 

Mick felt an odd sense of attraction to the young slave. More then he normally did for the damaged souls he rescued. He loved his job and was proud of what he did, helping those who couldn't help themselves. 

The S.P.A had been founded shortly after slavery was made legal. In 2087 people began identifying some people as abnormals. They were abused and tortured by society for many years before slavery was made legal again. There really was no difference in what made you abnormal. Usually they were thinner and smaller then others, but that was just an unfortunate genetic trait. Which meant that usually if you were born to someone who was short and thin, you were born into slavery.

The S.P.A was founded to protect and rehabilitate slaves who were abused and mistreated by their masters. Hundreds were saved and there was not enough room for all of them, but they tried. The slaves were taken from their abusive masters and brought to one of the many different facilities and nursed back to health. They were treated for any injuries or sickness they might have and then it's determined if they are fit to be sold to another master. If not, they're usually put back into society with a new identification and a new life. If they were. They are given a new home, and a new master. Hopefully one who will treat them right. 

Unfortunately if They're not fit to be a slave anymore they are not prepared to live in the real world. Especially if they were born into slavery. They have never been in the real world, and they don't know how to support themselves. But that's a job for another agency. Mick sighed and rubbed the back of his neck. The tight knot of stress had built up there from his stressful job, but he loved doing it. He loved helping people.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Zo began to wake. He could feel smooth sheets underneath him and a thick blanket covering his thin body. He could feel that his muscles were relaxing more and more by the second, but they were still stiff and tight.

"Hey, good morning." Micks comforting voices invaded his ears. If he could purr he would be, that smooth deep voice made him feel so good. 

"You gave us a scare there, you have tetanus. Luckily the treatment for it has advanced quite a bit in the last couple of years." Mick came into view and smiled. "We have given you some muscle relaxers and some antibiotics. We've already done surgery on your leg to remove the toxic areas, you're recovering nicely." Mick whispered. The room was dark and very quiet.

"Why are you whispering, sir." Zo asked carefully.

"Tetanus can cause hyper sensitivity and irritability. We will keep your room dark and quiet until you recover more." Mick put his hand on his forehead and felt for a fever. He made a face before taking his hand away and putting a cool cloth over his forehead. "You're lucky you don't need breathing support. Tell me if you have any problem swallowing or any other new problems arise, alright?" 

"Yes, sir." Zo rasped. 

"You don't have to call me sir. I'm not your master." Mick smiled.

"The who is?" Zo questioned.

"No one, for now your your own man." Mick smiled wider and rubbed Zo's good leg for comfort.

"I.... I don't know how to do that, sir." Zo said. Mick frowned and sighed.

"Most people don't." A weak smile returned to his face. "You will learn." He stood up and adjusted the thermostat. 

"It's important that we keep the temperature stable. Part of your hyper sensitivity." Mick whispered. Zo was shocked and almost uncomfortable with all the nice treatment he was getting. He had never experienced kindness before.

"Now, if you're feeling up to it I have a few questions I have to ask." Mick sat back on the bed.

"Yes, sir." Zo whispered in his raspy voice. Mick gave him a false glare before looking down at the clipboard he held.

"What's your name?"

"Zosimos. Zo for short." He coughed out.

"Last name?" Mick didn't look up from his clipboard.

"I don't know." Zo whispered. Mick looked up for a moment before skipping over that box.

"Were you born or sold into slavery?" Mick asked.

"Born." Zo answered.

"Have you ever been outside of your masters home before?" 

"No." 

Mick had a pained look on his face but he swallowed and tried to cover it up.

"How old are you?"

"I don't know, some of the older slaves who had seen more people guessed about twenty." Zo shrugged. He was getting more control over his muscles but it still hurt like hell.

"What type of slave were you?" Mick looked like he already knew but it was obvious he didn't want to ask.

"Sex and entertainment." Zo whispered, more quietly then needed. He was ashamed of what his job was. Ashamed of what his master had made him. Mick checked two boxes and wiped a hand over his eyes, trying to hide his tears. He cleared his throat and moved on.

"Any allergies or illnesses we should know about?" Mick asked. He still refused to look up at Zo. 

"I don't know." Zo's voice was getting even more scratchy.

"Alright, that should be all for now. Do you have an y questions?" Mick stood up and put the pen back on the clipboard.

"Yes, my friend. Theo, where is he?" Zo rasped, though he was sure he already knew the answer. Mick looked uncomfortable and he shifted back and forth on his feet.

"I'm sorry, we were to late. He was already gone by the time we got there." Mick said. Zo closed his eyes in an attempt to keep the tears from falling. They came anyway and he sobbed to himself quietly.

"I'm so sorry." Mick whispered.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Mick wanted nothing more then to hold the small slave and wipe his tears away.

'why am I having these feelings for him?" Mick thought to himself. He always cared about the people he saved but nothing like this.

"Mick, how you doing man?"His best friend Thomas walked up to him and put a hand on his shoulder.

"I'm okay I guess." Mick rubbed his temples. He couldn't do this again.

"What do you mean you guess?" Thomas asked.

"I... The new one.... " Mick sighed.

"Oh no no no no no no. Mick, you cant do this. Not again man. Remember Rhombin." Thomas stepped in front of him and put both hands on his shoulders. 

"I know I know. But I cant help it." Mick sighed and looked at the closed door of Zo's room.

"Mick, you have to help it. Jesus you were destroyed after Rhom-"

"Dont." Mick closed his eyes and tried to hold back the tears.
