 Time will tell, I thought when I left the house earlier that day. My intentions were to just let the relationship, the friendship, be whatever it turned out to be. I was open to what felt comfortable to us both. Reggie had seemed to be surprisingly accommodating and comfortable with what happened between us so far. 

I returned home about 6 that evening. Reggie was gone, at work I supposed. Later I got a text indicating that he was coming by after he finished his shift if I was ok with that. 

I texted back, "Great. I look forward to your arrival." He returned a smiley face. 

Soon we were snuggled in my bed, stripped down to our boxers. I was in front, spooned up next to his body behind me with his strong arms wrapped around me, my face on his right bicep. I wasn't sure where this was going to go but damn, it felt so good right now. 

Reggie began talking, in just a regular voice, about his day. This very unusual thing was now feeling so normal to me. I listened to him and ran my hand slowly up and down the arm he had wrapped around me. Without much thought, I leaned forward and kissed his arm. He quit talking suddenly. 

Silence fell. I kissed him again. 

Reggie said, "Thom, I don't want to hurt you. I like being here with you but I'm not sure how much of the kissing and such I can do. I'm open to a lot but I'm not sure how you are thinking about us." 

I rolled onto my back and stared straight up at the ceiling. I was confused by his reaction.

I whispered, "I'm not really thinking about anything but just enjoying you. I like hearing about your day and it's nice to get to touch your skin and lie beside you while we talk. If that's all we do, I'm in heaven. Beats the hell out of lying in bed alone."

Reggie began rubbing his exquisite hair across my chest unhurriedly. I moved my arm around where I could touch his back as he knelt over me. He moaned loudly as I kneaded at a knot I found in one of his back muscles. His face collapsed onto my stomach as he oohed into my skin. 

"Want a back rub?" I asked. 

He moved to where he could lie face down and with a muffled voice, with his face deep in the pillow, he said, "Oh yes, please."

I crawled up and sat on his ass, reaching my hands forward toward his shoulders. His muscles were taut and curvy there and down his arms. I ran my hands along both arms lightly. He sighed deeply, and I felt his body relax under me. 

I began a gentle touching of his skin, from his shoulders to the top of his boxers. Using my fingernails, lightly, I raked up his back gradually. I did that over and over a few times. My hands slowly went up his neck and I buried them into his luscious hair. I leaned down and put my nose and mouth deeply into his afro and I breathed out warm and languidly. 

Reggie lifted his head, pushing my face up. "Do you have a hard-on?" he asked. 

I laughed, "Of course, I do. I am sitting on your gorgeous ass and I'm getting to touch your beautiful body and I'm face deep in your hair. Yes, I 'm very turned on by this."

Reggie then said two words that startled me, "Me, too."

Again, silence fell between us. He dropped his face back to the pillow and I sat up and grabbed a bottle of lotion I keep by my bed. I smeared a large bubble of lotion back and forth in my hands, warming it. Then I began working my hands over the smooth dark skin of his back. 

He made all the sounds that urged me on in rubbing more and lower on his back, gently smoothing around the curve of his waist, sometimes running my hands slowly under him, feeling his muscular stomach and the light scattering of tight little hairs there.  

At one point as I pulled my hand down his back, unhurriedly slipping down to his underbelly, he raised his ass and I explored his stomach and chest, finding his nipples and gently flicking them with my fingers. 

He hissed at that contact and put his body down quickly trapping my hands under him. 

"Gotcha now!" he said, laughing. I laughed with him, pulling my slippery hands out from under him. 

As I got lower on his back, I scooted back to sit on his thighs. And his ass, covered in dark blue boxers, sat between us as still and formidable as a gemstone. I stared at that cloth-covered space, mesmerized, while continuing to rub his lower back, from time to time rubbing a bit over the waistband. 

Reggie became very still as I continued the massage along his spine and his strong lower back muscles. I scooted further down, grabbing the lotion bottle and squirting more into my hand. I now sat over his calves, while warming the lotion in my hands. 

"Want me to rub your legs?" I asked, not sure how much he would allow me to touch or where this was going. But I was willing to ask.

A long silence, then Reggie said, "You can take them off if you want. I'm ok that with it." 

I pressed down with my hands on his thighs, smearing them with the lotion that thickly coated my hands. His thighs were so solid and large, and my hands were ghostly outlined against his dark skin. 

"Ok. I will. I want that very much, if you are sure you're ok," I said, as I was already reaching for the waistband, after leaving most of the lotion blobbed on his legs. 

"I'm good with it," He said, "I can't believe this is happening, but I want it as well. I want to be open with you. I trust you and I know we are going to take it slow. We'll see where we end up." 

He lifted his ass again and, stepping off the bed for a bit, I pulled his boxers down his legs and past his feet. He lay naked on my bed, face down, his legs slightly open. The room's light was off yet light from the street filtered in through the windows enough to see his stunning body against my white sheets like a centerfold or a fantasy scene. Yet, this was real. He was in my bed without clothes.

"Now what, Thom, with an h?" he asked. And I could hear his sly smile in the question. I'm not sure why, but mentioning the 'h' always made me recall the difference between his age and my own. This younger man was ass up in my bed and smiling at me. 

"Well, first, I'm going to kiss your fine and beautiful ass," I said, "and then I'm going to touch it and rub it until you tell me to stop."

Reggie laughed, "Nobody has said anything about stopping yet." 

I dropped my own boxers and scooted in between his legs. I leaned forward, smelling the masculine, almost feral smell of an un-showered, workingman's ass. Pheromones rushed my senses and my head swam. I forced myself to slow down and to breathe. I needed to remember to pace myself. 

I could feel the heat of him, as I put my mouth and nose right next to, but not touching, the cleft between the rounded mounds of muscle, skin, and some little twists and tufts of hair. I smelled him into me. I turned my head to the left and kissed first the middle of one butt cheek and then the middle of the other, pushing my face into the muscle of that cheek. He softened it and let me sink in a bit. 

Reggie said, "Oh my god, man, is that weird? You are kissing my ass." 

"I am about to do so much more than that," I said, beginning a long lick over one of his cheeks. And then the other one. I moved my hands up his thighs, smearing into the lotion I had left there earlier, dragging it along up onto his ass. 

Rubbing his ass was a pleasure, a sensual delight. I pushed up at the muscles there toward his back and pulled at then down toward his legs. I carefully kneaded each side, enjoying the smell and sight of him, and relishing the sounds coming from him while I worked him. 

I pulled his cheeks apart, opening the crevasse and I smelled him, deeper, certainly sweat and fecal, but also this was a young man, and more robust and exotic in his scent than I expected. I blew in whispering little waves up and down this long opening.  

Reggie now was nearly scream-moaning. "Oh my god," he yelled. 

I held his ass open. Then I licked him, taint to lower back, in one long slow intricate motion through the middle of him, pausing just a bit at the pucker. I savored the taste and texture of his butt. I had him in my bed, naked, cheeks spread, and I tasted him. I had just licked his ass, balls to back. 

I listened to him breathing raggedly and softly moaning into the pillow. Sitting between his legs, I bent forward again, my hands on either cheek, holding him open. 

As I began a second pass with my tongue up the middle of his dazzling behind, the emotion and swelling fervor from my middle parts erupted, rushing up and out of me as I howled into his ass and ejaculated onto the sheets between our legs. 

Both of us were moaning and making incoherent sounds. I lost control and fell into him, with my face on his lower back. My heart was beating like I'd run a race. Seconds ticked along, gathering into more than a minute before either of us spoke. 

"Did you just come, dude?" he raised his head and asked. 

My only reply, at the time, came out with a small laugh, "Oh my god, I love your butt. I love you. Your smile. Your smell. Your hair. The hair in your butt. I love everything about you, Reggie." 

By now, he was curling his body to sit up slightly, facing me and laughing softly. I was laughing as well, while trying to catch my breath. He looked like he was feeling shy, but it was hard in the dark to discern what he felt. We looked at each other, as he pulled a sheet up to cover his middle parts. I saw, before he covered it, that his cock was erect and that it was not small. 

He said with a chuckle, "You are dirty, man. Yes. Sensually and wonderfully dirty. My head is spinning. That was some freaky stuff you just did in my ass. Wow. It was amazing. And your sheets are mess now."

After a pause, when I put my hand on his calf, to begin pushing off the bed to clean up, Reggie asked, "Did I hear you right? Did you say that you love me?"

To be continued.