 Every now and then I have these fantasies. They involved me and another guy, sometimes more than one. I never think too much about it. I usually have the fantasies lying in bed in the morning. I'd think what it would be like to take another man's cock in my mouth and suck it until he came. I also wondered what it would be liked to have another man fuck my ass. I've never followed up on these fantasies. Well, actually once I put an add on Craigslist offering to suck another man's cock. But I never followed up with any of the emails I received. I guess I was a bit nervous about acting on my fantasy.

A few weeks ago I was traveling on business and staying at an upscale hotel in downtown Denver. It was a very nice hotel, one with a complete gym. After my meetings one afternoon, I headed to the gym for a workout. I'm not a gym rat, but am in pretty decent shape. And to be truthful, I have often fantasized about "accidentally" exposing myself to women or men. And I admit this is a fantasy I have acted on, but never successfully. But I had no such thing in mind this particular day. My plan was simple: a quick workout, shower, a drink in the bar and than dinner. I figured to turn in early and catch an early flight in the morning. It turned out; I was the only one in the gym.

I was almost finished with my workout when this guy came in. He was about my size, in better shape, and admittedly, handsome. I was sitting on a bench across from one of the pulley/weight machines doing some curls with a dumbbell. He did some stretching exercises than came over to the machine across from me. Straddling the bench he reached up for a cross bar and started to do some shoulder exercises, his hands and arms stretched above his head. He was wearing an old Key West tee-shirt and baggy shorts. As I looked across at him my eyes focused on the shorts. The openings around the thighs were pulled away from his legs. That's when I noticed, peeking out from beneath the shorts was the cut head of his cock. He apparently was not wearing underwear. I quickly looked up and saw that he was looking at me. I don't know for how long he was looking at me, but he was smiling. I nodded hello, and continued my workout. 

When I finished my workout, out of curiosity, I walked around the gym to pass by the guy in the baggy shorts. Sure enough, he was lying on a bench working his chest, the head of his cock still visible. As I got to the door he finally spoke, "Have a good evening," he called.

"Thanks, you too," I replied. That was the extent of our conversation. I returned to my room and jumped in the shower. The muscles in my upper back and neck were really tight from the workout. I was hoping the hot water would loosen them up. It didn't. I was still sore. Since it was pretty warm outside I put on a pair of shorts, a polo shirt and sandals and headed to the bar. 

As I rode down in the elevator I thought back to the guy exposing himself in the gym. I'd have to remember that. I could easily do the same thing, for men and women. I was sure I had baggy shorts. As I mentioned, exhibitionism was another one of my fantasies. I'd always think about it, even set is up on occasion. I'd try to do the routine flashes. You know, the basic hotel maid thing, or leaving the blinds/curtains open in a motel with a window to the parking lot and people randomly passing by. The thing was, just like having sex with another man, it was really just a fantasy. I'd always back out. I'd open the blinds but than stay dressed, or back in the darkness of the room. I'd put myself in the position but try too hard to control it, waiting for the perfect moment that would never come. I couldn't just let it go. I couldn't stay naked in the room with the curtains opened, or for that matter, actually answer the replies to my Craigslist add. I'd take my fantasy just so far, than get cold feet. But still, I thought the baggy pants thing was good. I'd just have to convince myself to do it and not back out. But I knew I could never fulfill these fantasies. I could not let go when the time came. With that, the guy in the gym passed from my mind. I was hoping a drink would help relax my neck and back.

The bar was pretty much empty. It was still early in the evening so I wasn't surprised. The bartender was an older guy, friendly enough, but not a great conversationalist. I knew that from previous visits. I ordered my typical, an Irish whiskey with a bit of ice and was sitting quiet sipping it when I felt another presence. It was the guy from the gym. He sat one stool away from me at the bar. Other than a quick glance, I really didn't pay him any mind.

A good three to four minutes passed before he spoke. "I recognize you from the gym, did you have a good workout."

I turned to answer. He was dressed much like me with shorts, a camp shirt and loafers without socks. "Yeah, not bad, although I'm still a bit sore from it, I think I need to exercise more." I smiled and turned back to my drink.

"I don't know," He replied. "You look like you're in pretty good shape to me."

With that we actually began to have a conversation. First we discussed our travel and business, and then moved on to where we were from and our families. I'm divorced, he was married. 

By now I was finishing my second drink. But the conversation was good. Sometimes spending a lot of time away from home it's good to talk to people, even if they are strangers. The bartender had been no help, so talking to this guy was good. I downed the remainder of my drink and ordered a third.

When the bartender placed the drink in front of me I tried to stretch my neck and back. "Damn, it's going to be a long trip tomorrow."

"So, you're headed out tomorrow and your muscles are still aching." He smiled, but seemed sympathetic. "I've done that myself, travel in pain. It's not pleasant. Maybe I can help."

Even after the two whiskeys that caught my attention. I turned full toward him on my stool. "What do you mean," I asked.

"Well, a number of years ago I took a couple of classes in massage. Nothing fancy, just some basic techniques." He moved onto the stool that separated us. "I've continued to do massages for my friends, mostly backrubs for the guys I play golf with. And occasionally I'll do a complete massage for my wife. She loves it. It's nothing sexual, just a muscle relaxing thing."

"So," I said, a bit confused. "You want to give me a backrub here in the bar?" I was more than hesitant; we were sitting in a bar in a downtown Denver hotel. I was sure getting my neck and shoulders massaged by another guy at the bar would look just a little weird. But than again, I had already had two whiskeys and my shoulders, back and neck were still very tight and sore.

"No, not here," He replied. "We could go to one of our rooms. You take you shirt off and I'll have your neck and back feeling better in no time at all."

I had to admit, it sounded good. He seemed pretty confident he could relieve the soreness. And that was clearly all I was thinking about. I thought for just a minute. I really had no where to go except finding a place for dinner. And besides, he had mentioned he was meeting a couple of friends in a little bit. "OK, I'm willing to give it a try," I said trying to convince myself.

"Great, let me call my friends and tell them I'll be just a few minutes late. I'm in room 523. Give me a couple of minutes to make the call and come on up." He quickly got up off the stool and headed out of the bar.

I waited a few minutes, taking a couple of sips from my drink. I didn't question what I was doing. Both of us had plans for the evening. He was married. The thought of anything beyond a massage never crossed my mind. After an appropriate time I quickly polished off the remaining whiskey and slid off the stool.

When I got to 523 he opened the door immediately. He was still dressed as before. "I'm sorry," he said, "we never exchanged names, my name is Bob, come on in."

I laughed. "Your right, I was complaining too much about my sore muscles, my name is Will." I walked into the room. He had a chair pulled away from the wall. I figured I'd just sit in that and he would massage my upper back from behind it.

"My friends are headed out; I told them I meet them later. This shouldn't take too long." He smiled as I moved past. "At first I thought we could use the chair, but I don't think I can get to where I need from behind it. I think I'll just have you sit on the end of the bed. That should work fine."

I sat on the end of the king size bed. "You might want to take off your shirt," he suggested. "I think I can do a better job without having to go through the shirt."

I pulled the polo shirt over my head as he moved behind me. The lotion he was using was initially cold and I jumped just a bit. He apologized. The room had a microwave and he used it to warm up the lotion. When he came back over and reapplied it, the heat made it very soothing.

He worked my neck first and it felt great. Then he involved my shoulders. I could really feel the muscles start to relax. After about 10 minutes on my neck and shoulders, he tried to move down to my back. But in the sitting position this was difficult. Finally, after he tried a couple of positions unsuccessfully. I asked if I should lie down.

"Yeah, that would work," he replied. "I think if you lay across the bed on your stomach I should be able to apply the right amount of pressure on your back." I did as he requested, placing my head on one side of the bed and my feet at the other. Bob was able to stand beside me. He could also stand at my head or my feet. He started working on my tight back muscles. 

I loved it; I think I even moaned a couple of times. The stress was leaving my body. Of course, the whiskey probably helped, I could feel it really kicking in as I lay on the bed. My eyes were closed most of the time. That's when Bob spoke up again, "Say Will, since you seem to be really enjoying this and it seems to be helping. If you want, since I really don't have to be anywhere for a while, I could do a full massage. That is if you're interested."

At that point in time I hadn't given it any thought. However, as I lay there, the thought of a complete massage sounded really good. I rarely have massages, but really enjoy the ones I do get. "Sure," I tried to answer through a moan. That sounds wonderful." I real was impressed with his ability. 

"Great, why don't you get up, if you can," he smiled as he said it. "You can undress in the bathroom and just wrap a towel around you. Once your ready come back and lay on your stomach again." 

I did exactly as I was told. In the bathroom I stripped nude and wrapped a towel around my waist. Returning to the bed, I laid down on my belly. Bob had heated up the lotion again. Now he applied the warm liquid to my back. He worked it from top to bottom and along both sides. As he drew near my waist he loosed the towel from my waist. While it still covered my ass, it was no longer wrapped around me, but now really no more than a drape. I closed my eyes and relaxed.

He worked his hands across my back with smooth, strong stokes. Slowly he moved down toward my waist. I could feel his hands brushing the top of the towel that covered me. But I was so relaxed I paid it little mind. It seemed like he was folding the top of the towel back. Even in my relaxed state I felt the cool air of the room on my ass cheeks. His hands moved down across my waist and gently onto my ass. It seemed to be all part of the massage. I admit there was a sensual pleasure as he brushed my now exposed cheeks. The towel still covered the bottom of my ass, and I was comfortable with that. With my eyes still closed, my mind began to drift.

Soon he was working on my legs. He started with the right leg, slowly working up from the calf to the thigh. As he reached the top of my thigh Bob's touch became lighter, more sensual. He stopped once again to adjust the towel, still folded from the top. Now he folded it up from the bottom. The towel couldn't have been more that 3-4 inches wide now and certainly wasn't covering much of my ass. 

Bob's finger tips ran across my inner thigh almost like a gentle caress. They moved across my asshole and down to the perineum. His fingers were making soft, circular motions as they brushed my skin, finally reaching my balls. His gentle touch was now purely sexual. 

I began to realize, as Bob moved to my other leg, that I was becoming aroused. As bizarre has this sounds, I was becoming embarrassed. As Bob moved his hands up my leg, again the strength of his touch lessening as he reached higher, I was trying to think of a way to explain my hard cock. After all, I thought, this guy is married; this is a routine massage like the ones he gives his golf buddies.

Once again Bob's fingers did their dance across my ass, this time lingering a bit longer around the sensual opening of my ass. My cock grew harder. Then it was over.

Bob unfolded the towel and let it drape me again. "Time to flip over," he said rather routinely. I moaned and began moving slowly, partly because I was so relaxed and partly to allow my cock to settle down. As I rolled to my side I continued to use the towel has a drape. My cock was now semi-erect, but I managed to get on to my back without exposing myself. The full width of the towel covered my waist. Bob had to see the bulge beneath the towel.

Bob was heating the lotion again. I glanced around the room and then over at him. He had taken off his shirt. He turned and noticed my look, "I was getting a bit warm with the shirt on. Plus it kind of gets in the way, I hope you don't mind." Without a second thought I turned my face to the ceiling and closed my eyes again.

He started with my left leg. As before when I lay face down, his touch became softer the higher he went. Soon he was folding the towel again. This time I felt the cool air on my scrotum. He also shifted my legs so they were spread a bit wider. As his fingers brushed over and just under my sensitive balls, I took a deep breath in and exhaled. Even though I felt my member growing, I was still relaxed. I was letting Bob work his magic while I tried to think about absolutely nothing.

The process on the other leg was basically the same. Only this time, as his hands brushed my balls and ass they went a bit higher. I felt his fingers run across my balls and over my cock, still covered by the towel. My cock reacted appropriately, jumping slightly at his soft touch. Bob's fingers moved back down to my thigh. He didn't move the towel to expose my cock. He seemed to be hesitating. I said nothing, keeping my eyes closed and my breath steady, I waited.

At least a minute past before I realized Bob was standing at the top of my head. Gently he placed his hands on my chest and began a slow circular motion. With each stroke his thumbs brushed against my nipples. As if key areas of my body had minds of their own, my nipples reacted much like my cock, growing hard with each touch.

Somehow the massage had changed. The subtle strength of his strokes had disappeared. Now the strokes were soft, light, and almost tender. He slowly massaged, or perhaps a better description would be caressed, my nipples, each becoming rock hard. Then he worked his was down my chest to my stomach. For my part, I was relaxed. I was letting my self go. I barely realized the change in the pressure. And to be truthful, I didn't care. With my eyes closed and my mind clear, I gave my body over to Bob's talented hands. 

His fingers barely touched my skin as Bob worked across my belly, sweeping lower with each stroke. Finally he brushed against the towel. But this time he didn't fold it back, he simple continued beneath it, pushing it lower as he went.. His fingers tickled my pubic hair becoming entwined in it above the base of my cock. My cock was now hard again and his fingers found it. Gently they brushed against it, caressing its length. Bob moved from behind my head to standing beside the bed. Then he slid one hand back up to my chest and caressed my still hard nipples. His touch was sensual and sexual and I was responding. I felt an incredible urge overtake my body. Then without a word Bob pulled the towel that was serving as my drape off leaving me naked on the bed. 

I opened my eyes in surprised and turned toward Bob. He was naked, his cock hard. "I'm sorry," he stuttered, "I couldn't help myself. I'm sorry." 

I didn't answer him. Instead I lifted my hand to his cock and guided it into my waiting mouth. It was warm and growing still harder. I used my tongue to moisten its length, than I began to suck it. I had been on the receiving end of blow jobs before. Now I tried to remember what made me feel good. Bob began to thrust his hips toward my mouth. Has he pulled back away from my lips I flicked the head of his cock with my tongue. My mouth and his hips fell into a rhythm. Saliva leaked from my lips has they slid smoothly over his hard, hot dick.

Bob was still caressing my chest while he grasped my cock with his other hand and began stroking it. My hips bucked slightly. I could feel our bodies tensing. I knew I couldn't last much longer. The sexual energy had been building for the entire massage. Now I knew I'd have to release it soon. 

I dropped my hand from his hard member, leaving my lips and mouth in control of his cock. I slid my hand between his legs and grasped his ass, pulling him toward my face. Then I slipped my middle finger up to find his asshole. My finger, wet from his pre-cum and my saliva, slid easily into his ass. Bob moaned and I pushed in deeper. I could feel in body tense. The cheeks of his ass tightened pressing my finger inside him. With another groan, louder this time, he came.

Hot cum shot into my mouth. I tried to contain what I could, but soon the milky liquid was seeping out of my mouth and down my cheeks and chin. His hips bucked as he continued to cum. I pulled away from his cock as semen shot onto my face hitting my nose and eyes. My head fell back onto the bed as the shower of hot liquid subsided.

Bob quickly regained himself. He was working my cock hard. Now both hands were at my hips. One was jerking my dick, the other caressing my balls and searching for my own dark hole. First one finger, than a second pressed deep into my ass. I tried to push my hips down to meet the penetration. I pressed my cheeks together as my orgasm overtook me. My loud groan was followed my bucking hips and semen shooting over Bob's hand and onto my belly. It was so intense I thought for a moment I might pass out.  Warm cum pooled on my stomach running down into the pubic hair around my shooting cock. 

Bob somehow remained standing. I took a number of deep breaths, slowly regaining my senses. I managed to lift my head off the bed again. And again I found Bob's now limp cock and licked the drying cum from it. Bob bent over and returned the favor, taking my softening cock full into his mouth. Then he stood straight up and took a deep breath. Bending over my face, he kissed me on the lips.

We kissed softly at first, and then our tongues tentatively touched. It was gentle and sensual. I brought my hand behind his head and pulled him down to me. Our kiss became more aggressive, more sexual; our tongues in deep exploration. 

Bob broke the kiss. He moved away from the bed and into the bathroom. I remained naked on the bed, essentially covered in cum. After a moment Bob returned with a wet, warm wash cloth to clean me up. The warm cloth felt great. I closed my eyes and drifted off.

When I awoke, after maybe ten minutes, Bob was just finishing dressing. He still had to meet his friends. Without a word I got up from the bed and got my clothes from the bathroom. We dressed in silence, barely glancing at one another. Finally I broke the silence. "That was wonderful," I said looking deeply into Bob's eyes. "I think I've been waiting for that my whole life."
