 "Are you staying late Mike?" April my secretary quizzed. 

"Yes unfortunately, looks like I'll be working through the night" I replied "But you should go on home, I'll see you tomorrow"

"Cheers Mike, I'll see you tomorrow – make sure you take lots of breaks" she called as walked down the corridor door.

"This sucks" I thought to myself. It would be my 40th birthday in a few hours and I was stuck at work. Tomorrow was an important day for me, I had to give a presentation to my bosses, and if I was successful it would mean a promotion. 

"Come on Mike, get going, you can do it" I muttered trying to gear myself up. 

Reaching into the bottom drawer of my desk I grabbed the bottle of whisky I kept there for such situations, I took a long swig, god knows I needed something to sustain me. I turned back to the computer screen and continued with this presentation. Forcing myself to work seemed to be successful, hours passed and the presentation was looking good, "I should follow April's advice and take a break" I thought to myself. A cup of coffee was a great restorative, still feeling a little pent-up I thought it might be best to relax a little. 

Returning back to my computer I loaded up my favourite porn site and began to watch a video. This video was hot stuff; it really tuned into my fetish, an older man taking advantage of a young college boy. This had always been a fantasy of mine, I'd never acted upon it, I'd never had trouble getting girls, but right now I was going through a dry spell and videos like this allowed me to live vicariously. The video was a little old, cheesy music in the background and wobbling moustaches, nonetheless I could feel my cock stirring in my trousers. I began to undo my belt and pull down my trousers, I was eager to whip out my cock knock one off and get back to business. 

My breaths began to quicken as blood surged to my penis, waves of pleasure soared though my body. My hands found my nipples, tweaking them to arousal, my penis throbbing against the fabric of my briefs, I was just about to pull them down when I was sure I heard a noise in the distance. I quickly pulled my trousers back up and tried to look innocent. I walked across my office, opened up my door and called down the corridor door.

"Hello, is anyone there?"

No response, but wasn't that a shadow over by the photocopy room, I quickly returned to desk and dialled for security, I didn't want to take a risk, before I had even dialled the first digit though I was interrupted by a familiar voice.

"Wait don't..."

It was Jackson.

Jackson was new here; he was an undergraduate from the local university and spending a term here gaining work experience. He had caused quite a stir amongst the female employees, and some of the men too. April herself had declared that "he is fucking gorgeous, I wouldn't kick him out of bed for eating crackers" that had made me laugh, there was a time when I could have commanded comments like that, not anymore though, age had taken it's toll on me, salt and pepper hair and a slight paunch, still I was in good enough shape.

"Good evening Jackson, what are you doing here?" I inquired.

"I don't have anywhere else to go" his response was meaningful, sad and almost pleading. 

Sitting there looking at Jackson his sadness was almost tangible, his tragic look however made him all the more attractive. Up until that moment I hadn't really noticed how handsome he was, what with this presentation and my own self-pity he hadn't featured on my radar. Looking at him now though I could see why April fancied him, six foot tall, Mediterranean looks, shining black hair, a dusting of light designer stubble – he was typically handsome.

"Really, why is that then?" I gestured him to sit down and offered him the bottle of whisky. 

"Things at home, arguments with parents, juvenile stuff really" he replied wryly. 

"Oh that's too bad Jackson, is there anything I can do to help?"

"No, everything will be alright Mr. Steinmann" 

"Call me Mike please, you make me feel ancient"

"Yeah sure thing Mike"

As Jackson took a long swig from the bottle I allowed my eyes to rove over his body, big feet, strong muscular legs, bulging crotch, rippling abs, evident through the thin black cotton of his t-shirt and powerful arms, he was very well developed for his age. His eyes met mine.

"Is everything alright Mike?"

I could smell the cigarette smoke and whisky on his breath, a lock of hair covering his left eye and the emanating scent of Paul Smith aftershave. Gently he swept the hair away from his face.

"Mike, you there?"

I nodded silently, still slightly entranced by his presence.

"Yeah, so are you sleeping here Jackson?"

"I'm afraid so" his response was cautious, "you won't tell anyone will you?" he added conspiratorially.

"No of course not – listen do you want to go and get some fresh air?" I asked.

"Yes I could do with a breath of fresh air" 

Up on the roof of the building there were some benches; the area was essentially set aside for the smokers of the building, as inside there was a zero tolerance approach to smoking. We sat opposite each other in a comfortable silence, staring at the night sky and just enjoying the company of another guy. 

"So what's up Mike? You seem a little flat if you don't mind me saying" Jackson asked of me in a gruff tone. 

I sighed heavily "I'm feeling kinda stressed, I have big presentation in the morning and it's my birthday and I'm stuck in the office" 

"That's too bad Mike is there anything I can do to help out, you could dictate maybe..." 

"No, no – I mean you can't really do anything it's kind of all in my head, if you know what I mean" 

"Err okay" he responded a little dejectedly, "if you say so Mike" 

I felt a twinge of guilt this guy was reaching out to me for a bit of company and I had rejected him. 

"Y'alright?" Jackson asked

He must have seen a look of panic stream across my face, 

"Do you want a cigarette?" he offered me.

I shook my head and became lost in my own thoughts again, I couldn't concentrate on anything but what lay ahead of me later. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Jackson stalking around the roof like a caged lie before finally stopping, retuning to the benches and sitting next to me. I didn't have a thing to say him, I wasn't good at fatherly advice, I hoped he would just relax and enjoy the cool night breeze. However I soon felt his strong hand on my thigh, the touch jolted through my body sending waves of pleasure throughout. I tried to meet his eyes but they were staring off into the middle distance, I touched his shoulder, it felt nice, but then recoiled wondering what the hell I was doing. Jackson turned back towards me, and never meeting my eyes, he leaned down into my lap and laid his head on my thighs.

The pressure of his head lying there was nice, comfortable and natural. I ran my hand though his shining long hair in what I hoped was a fatherly fashion and though he sighed a little not once did he move or say a word. I opened my mouth to say something but no words came from my mouth but instead a confused grunt. Slowly his right had reached out toward my knee and stroked it softly up and down in teasing and gentle fashion, I fell back into the bench enjoying the sensation and comfort it offered for me. Propping himself up on his left elbow his hand soon found it's way through my shirt and began to caress my furry stomach all the while his right hand continued to stroke my thigh seductively. Stepping down from the bench Jackson found his way between my legs and reaching up slowly began to unbutton my shirt from bottom to top, all the while never looking me once in the eyes, the cool air aroused my dark brown nipples, in turn Jackson took each one in his mouth and began to gently tease it with a combination of nibbling, licking and blowing, his strong hands massaged my abs in a circular motion, I could feel my cock becoming more and more aroused straining against the white cotton of my briefs and black trousers and prodding into Jackson's chest. Suddenly finding his feet he stood and removed his black tank, and so my eyes were met with the delicious feast that was Jackson's sculpted torso, worked hard to perfection in the gym, dusted with fine dark hairs and lit up by the full moon it was a thing of beauty, I reached out towards him, to touch him to make it real again but was gently pushed away. He leant over me and I felt his hot breath exhaling slowly against my neck, his apparent calmness only excited me more as my heart pounded against my chest in a pure adrenaline rush. Carefully he removed my shirt and cast it towards the ground, the cool skin of his chest met my scorching skin and heaving chest, his head leant against mine, his delicate tongue finding my ear and gently licking it before reaching towards my lips, his harsh stubble grazed across my face as his lips reached out towards mine, gently he licked his lips and then mine before engaging with mine in a sensual and dramatic fashion, our tongues intertwined and our salvia mixed in an erotic mix of bliss, yearning and loneliness. Drawing back Jackson's eyes met mine for the first time, eyes twinkling and lips smiling he playfully planted a delicate kiss on my lips before working his way down my neck to my nipples in tens of sensuous butterfly kisses, his tongue flicked against my nipples and then my naval until finally his hands found my belt. 

His beautiful and glistening eyes met mine once again as he hurried to undo my belt, writhing in pleasure I was unable to keep my face straight, Jackson struggling roughly tore my trousers apart and quickly pulled them to my ankles, removing my shoes he cast both aside and threw my ruined trousers over his shoulder. Turning towards me his hands reached for the waistband of my briefs as his tongue licked my throbbing penis beneath the white cotton; gently pulling these down my cock sprang free and was captured in his mouth. Softly at first he gently licked, his tongue darting around all sides with expert precision, before finally taking all of me into him, now practically hovering up and down my shaft entirely - the waves of pleasure throughout my body were fast crashing towards a crescendo of sheer ecstasy, however in what seemed like perfect synchronicity he slowly stopped and took one of my heavy testicles in his mouth, massaging it with his tongue, drips of pre-cum leaked from my cock on to his cheek streaming down towards his mouth and finally dripping onto my own testicles. 

"That feels so good" I moaned, Jackson looked at me, eyes glinting with mischief standing up he quickly pulled down his trousers and briefs and presented me with his proud manhood, I had never done anything like this before but I reached out and took him into my mouth, working the shaft up and down with my hands and mouth whilst gently jiggling and massaging his nuts, his hands reached around behind my head as he began to pump his cock further and further down my throat before suddenly exploding wave after wave of creamy-salty satisfaction. Slowly withdrawing his cock from my mouth with an audible plop, he resumed stimulating my cock back to attention, his warm tongue gently pushed back against the glands of my penis whilst his teeth delicately scrapped the skin, I could feel myself getting closer and closer to that point of delirium as subconsciously my hands reached behind his head and pumped faster and faster before finally and magically exploding into this boys head – the waves of pleasure tingled through my body for minutes before finally subsiding. 

Raising his head from my crotch I pulled him closer and gently kissed his forehead, then nose and then lips, our tongues met and exchanged the tastes of delirium and bliss before parting. My voice gruff yet softened with ecstasy asked Jackson for a cigarette, smiling he handed one to me and took one for himself and then with his head gently resting on my thigh we watched the sun begin to rise in the distance, neither one of us caring about the problems which would face us on that new day.