 I

I stared at the computer screen. The answers just weren't coming. Normally, number crunching and pattern recognition was my specialty, but right now, I felt like the computer was fighting back against me on purpose.

The first phase of the project had gone so well. Scientific journals were reporting the progress with much anticipation. And now, this wall. I was worried, damn worried. And so I sat in my apartment and started at a computer screen at 10:30 p.m. on a Friday night.

There was a knock on the door and in walked Carl, who seemed tired too, but still looked good. His eyes seemed alive with energy. He was excited, and grinning wildly. He walked up and presented a stack of burned CDs, each meticulously labelled in code.

"Here you go, man. 14 complete sequences, and 500 sequence fragments, all linked to complete case studies, demographic info, the works. It's all here."

He dropped the stack on the table with a resounding thud and turned to look at me.

"They liked your work so much they gave us more than we asked for. Eight whole months of data! And more to come. We're going to be given primary access to the data, right as it comes in."

"Wow, that's great!" I tried to say enthusiastically, but my heart wasn't in it.

He frowned at me slightly, but I could tell he was still pumped. "Aw, c'mon, this is great news! It's what we've been waiting for! I thought you would be excited."

He pouted and gave me a poke. I swiped at his hand with a half hearted grin and sighed. "I know, I'm sorry. It's just that this code has been driving me crazy. I feel like I'm right on the edge of a breakthrough, but I just can't see it."

Carl shook his head and smiled. "You work too hard. I think you need to relax.. come on, I know what will cheer you up!"

He gave me a wink. He had that look in his eye and I had to smile back. I was tempted, but.. "I can't. You know.. I've got too much to do."

"So you say, but I know you can't resist..." he said, moving his hands down towards his belt, "...this!" He pulled out a small pipe from his pocket, packed and ready to go.

I laughed at his antics. "Oh, I thought you meant..."

He stood up and walked toward me calmly. I was a little thrown off, and I was longing to give in, but still I deferred. "Look," I said, "you know how much I'd love to smoke that with you, but if I do I won't be able to work for hours."

He grinned widely, his handsome face lighting up even more. "That's what I had in mind..."

God damn I was tempted. "This is important. You said it yourself, Carl, they're impressed with what we've done so far, but now I've hit a wall. There's going to be even more pressure to perform. This stuff won't decode itself, I need to be sharp. I need to be on this thing like a motherfucker."

"That's exactly what I'm thinking," he said, "which is why I'm ordering you to take some time off and relax. You're no good to anyone in this state."

He started walking towards me and took my hand. "But..." I said lamely, but he shushed me before I could continue. "Come on," he said, pulling me gently to my feet and leading me out the door.

II

We went out to the balcony and smoked the bowl, looking out over the palm trees and breathing in the night air. Damn, it was good to have rich parents and government grants, and me and Carl had both. After the bowl was done, Carl went back into the kitchen and grabbed us a couple of beers. I accepted mine gratefully.

He took one swig, then set his beer down and came around behind me. He started rubbing my shoulders and I felt the tension finally slipping away. "Damn, that feels good," I said, luxuriating in his touch, the beer, the weed, and the evening breeze. 

He didn't say anything, but gave me a gentle squeeze to show he heard, then continued working the tension out of me. I almost let myself fall asleep, but I didn't want to miss the moment. After just a couple of minutes I already felt like a new man. Carl slide his right hand around my cheek, then turned my face up to meet his in a slow, soft kiss. My cock, which was already semi-hard, surged to attention as he nibbled my lip gently then disengaged. "I've worked out a lot of tension already," he said, smiling, "but your whole back is all wound up. I need to get you inside and get that shirt off to finish the job."

"Deal," I said, rising smoothly and polishing off my beer. "But anything I take off, you've gotta take off too," I added, running a finger idly down his chest and looking into his eyes. He stared back, breathing heavily, and I could tell he wanted to just rip my clothes off then and there. Truth be told, I was tempted.. but I wanted my massage.

III

I slipped by him and felt his hot gaze running over me as I passed. Taking his hand, I pulled him in with me then turned around to look up at him. God, he was a vision of perfection, 6'2", with blonde hair and brown eyes and gorgeous pouty lips. As we kissed again, I ran my hands down his shirt, expertly loosing all the buttons and revealing the muscled form beneath. He spent a lot of time on the beach and in the gym, and it showed. His skin was a delicious golden colour, and his body was well-defined, although not perfect, with just the hint of a six pack. 

And he was so smart and funny, too! Sometimes I'll watch him when he gets out of the shower or gets ready for work, my eyes lingering on his tight ass or cut 7" cock, and stories of Narcisuss and Adonis will flit through my head. Surely a man just like this was the inspiration the Greeks needed for such heroes.

He was a man most women would kill to have. He was the man I left all women to get.

Four years ago, I was a seemingly heterosexual man with a fiancé and a nice little house, and my whole life laid out in front of me. Then I met Carl. I had had homosexual thoughts before, but always kept them locked away, reasoning that everybody has them, but it doesn't mean anything. But when I saw Carl, the very first moment I laid eyes on him, I knew. I was gay. Incontrovertibly, irrefutably, overwhelmingly gay. I had never wanted anyone the way I wanted this man, and instinctively, I knew no woman would ever make me feel this way.

Before, homosexual thoughts had made me feel dirty, disgusted with myself, tainted in a way I couldn't describe or justify. With Carl, all of that just melted away. My desire for him was the most powerful thing I had ever felt; my bullshit hang-ups just didn't seem important after that.

That was all a long time ago, and whatever hang-ups I once had were long gone by this point. I disengaged from Carl as we stood kissing by the balcony and looked up at him with an eyebrow raised. We went for my lips and I ducked aside. "What about my massage?" I asked, archly.

He laughed and pushed me a step back into the room. I turned around and strolled leisurely towards the couch. I could feel his hot gaze all over me, lingering approvingly over my ass. It was funny.. for years I had struggled with going to the gym, making gains then losing them, never really getting out of my rut. Six months after realizing I was gay, all the fat was gone and I was looking the best I ever had. I wanted to look hot for guys in a way I had never cared about with women.

I stopped by the couch and put my hands up in the air. He obliged by lifting up my shirt and tossing it aside, then wrapping an arm around my waist and kissing my neck. I shivered with delight as he ran his hands over my chest and stomach. He gave me one last kiss, then pushed me down on the couch. I wiggled my butt at him, which he slapped with a laugh, then laid down on my stomach with my face on my hands.

He moved on top of me, one knee on either side, the bottom of his crotch resting on my ass. I felt my dick stiffen and hoped it wouldn't get so hard that it would be painful. That hope was soon dashed as he warmed some oil in his hands then began to rub it all over my back.

"Ooh.." I groaned. God, I was so horny. He really did have magic hands. I felt the tension ease out of every part of my body and centre itself directly in my cock. I was in a state of bliss, and I couldn't tell you how long this went on for, but eventually he moved his hands down to my shorts and gently tugged them off. I did not resist. 

He started working my legs and butt, and pretty soon I was so hard I'm surprised my cock didn't lift my whole body off the couch. I wanted him bad, and he knew it; I couldn't stop little moans from escaping with every touch. He loved to tease, though, and evaded me when I tried to turn over and grab him. He used his weight to hold me down, and so the torment continued.

IV

"Turn over," he said.

Finally! I rolled over and looked up at him with my cock pointing to the sky like the CN tower. He stood and looked back at me, naked now except for his white boxer briefs. He knows how turned on I am by a huge dick straining to be freed of tight underwear. That's what I stared at now, the hard line of his cock against the fabric. He ran his fingers underneath the waistband and slowly moved towards me. I sat up a bit and he took me by the head and thrust my face into his crotch.

I nearly came right there. The smell of his sex and sweat, combined with the hardness of his dick against my face was almost too much. I kissed and sucked at the cock through the fabric and tried to pull down his underwear, but he grabbed my wrists and held them to the side. He allowed me to continue licking and kissing for a moment or two, then stepped back maddeningly out of reach. I was helpless to do anything but watch as he slid the underwear down an inch at a time, slowly revealing his gorgeous cock. It popped out and stared at me and I stared back, mesmerized. He stood and let me watch, then slipped his hand down and jacked it off once, twice, three times.

I wanted nothing so badly as to have that cock in my mouth and he knew it. He smiled at me and stroked himself one more time, teasingly, watching my reaction. Then he walked slowly towards me, his dick quivering. It almost got close enough to touch but then he knelt down at the side of the couch and laid his arms and head across my legs, looking up at my cock. It was only inches away from his face and I could feel his hot breath on my skin.

He nibbled my inner thigh and slid one hand up to caress my chest. I wanted him so bad but was helpless to do anything about it. He was the one in charge here. He kept teasing me, nibbling and licking everywhere but on my cock itself, then moved in and planted one soft kiss on my balls. I shivered in response, and he let his tongue slip out of his mouth and lick up almost to the base of my shaft. 

I was in heaven, but he moved back down and started licking and sucking on my balls. I couldn't take it any more and grabbed his hand, slipping two fingers in my mouth and sucking on them. I hoped he would get the message. He lifted up his head and grinned at me, then moved towards my cock like he was about to relent. He kissed the very tip, and then, very slowly, licked around the base of the head and down the shaft. When he got to my balls he took one of them in my mouth and sucked gently, then took his free hand and closed it around my cock.

God, if felt so good! He was driving me wild and he knew it. He knew how badly I wanted his mouth on my cock and was deliberately holding back. Still, I couldn't complain, I was in heaven and eventually he licked his way back up my shaft, kissed the head and slowly took the whole thing in his mouth.

"Ooh-oh-oh..." I let out a shuddering moan and collapsed back into the couch. His fingers slipped out of my mouth and he slid them down to my chest, tracing patterns all over me with the wetness. He began to move his head up and down my dick in a rhythmic pace, and I felt my hips involuntarily respond. He kept sucking me for I don't know how long, changing speeds, kissing, nibbling and licking and always keeping me near my limit. Man, he knew how to work a cock.

Eventually, he pulled back and started stroking my wet dick with his hand, twisting it as he slid up and down. He reached under the couch and grabbed a bottle of lotion (it's always there) and lubed up his fingers. Then he moved back down and trailed the fingers down to my asshole. He looked up at me as if asking permission, and I nodded desperately. Of course I wanted him to do it!

But he just left them sitting there. "Oh, please..." I moaned.

"Not yet," he said.

"Why not," I asked, whining.

"You have to beg first," he said.

"Please," I said, "please do it."

"Do what?" 

"Please, fuck my asshole with your fingers."

"What?"

"Please, I'm begging you, please fuck my asshole with your fingers."

He grinned at me and slowly rubbed the tip of one finger over my asshole. I gasped and he slid back down to my cock, taking it in his mouth again. Slowly, he sucked my dick as his fingers carefully made their way deeper inside me. He was gentle, yet firm, and pretty soon I loosened up and he started fucking me with his index and middle finger. I felt myself getting dangerously close to orgasm. I'm always right on the edge when I'm getting sucked off and finger fucked, but Carl was an expert and he wouldn't let me go over.

Besides, I wanted something better than his fingers in there.

The thought of Carl's cock was nearly enough to make me cum on the spot, so I grabbed his head and held him back. "Oh.. Carl.. oh, I'm ready now. I'm ready. Bring that big dick up here so I can get you ready too."

It didn't take much to convince him. I sat up and he stood in front of me, his cock right at eye level. I wanted to tease him like he had done to me, to kiss that hard stomach and explore those thighs with my tongue, but Carl would have none of it. "Open your mouth," he said, his tone commanding. 

Of course I couldn't resist, and I opened up and waited to receive him. He slapped his dick against my mouth a few times, then slid it in, right up to the base. I almost gagged, but controlled myself. His cock went right down into my throat and back again, once, twice, then a whole bunch of times until he was fucking my mouth hard. I loved it, couldn't get enough of it, which was a good thing since there was no stopping him.

Eventually he slowed down and pulled his dick out of my mouth, but I made a grab for it and deep throated it again. He let me suck on it for a bit, until he was totally rock hard, then pulled out and made a motion with his hands. "Turn over," he commanded. "Let me see that ass."

I obeyed and looked back over my shoulder at him as he moved up behind me. "Feeling relaxed yet?" he asked, with a grin.

I laughed. "Fuck you, buddy," I said playfully.

He laughed too. "You're the one who's going to get fucked."

V

There was no denying that. He took out the lube and squirted some on his hand, then ran it up and down his cock, getting it nice and slippery. I felt my asshole tighten in anticipation, but I knew that would pass once he was inside of me. I thought for a minute he was going to start teasing me again because he paused for a bit with his cock just touching my asshole.

"Come on stud," I said, "fuck me. Fuck me with that big thing you've got there."

I guess that's all it took. He started pushing into me, slowly, but firmly, with ever more pressure. I felt my asshole struggle to maintain integrity but then relax, as if it realized there was no way to stop it. It hurt a bit, but mostly it just felt good. Really, really fucking good. I felt that deferred orgasm coming on again, stronger than ever, waiting to explode.

He couldn't quite get his whole 7" inside me, but damn if he didn't try. He worked me slowly at first but pretty soon we fell into a rhythm, with me bumping back against him as he thrust into me. My cock was at full attention now, straining to grow even bigger. I humped back against him desperately, gasping and moaning uncontrollably, hoping I could hold on and wait for him. I couldn't take it; each thrust felt like it was the one that was going to take me over the edge.

"Oh, god," he said, "I'm almost there. I'm almost ready to cum. You ready, man?"

"Oh yeah," I managed to pant hoarsely, "oh yeah I'm ready. Come on, fuck me man, fuck me, fill me up with that shit."

He didn't answer, just let out a strangled grunt and kept pounding his hard cock into my ass. I was close now, I knew I wouldn't be able to hold on. "Uh... uh..." I struggled for control. Then he reached around and grabbed my cock right at the moment I couldn't take it any more.

That was it, I lost it. The world disappeared and all I could feel were the endless waves of pleasure as cum exploded out of me. And into me. Carl came just as I did, his hot cum shooting into my asshole and adding that one final touch to this earth-shattering orgasm.

Eventually I collapsed. I may have blacked out for a second or two. I felt Carl's dick slip out of me, still mostly hard, and then he crept up next to me and kissed me on the neck.

"So, you relaxed yet?"

I didn't answer. I couldn't.

I was already asleep.