 I had noticed Jerry when we first got in band together. It was 7th grade and I had decided to play trombone and our chairs were right next to the trumpet section which is what Jerry played. 

He was similar in stature to myself, tall and lean, but with blonde hair. I had found that we would end up talking and hanging around each other, discussing other classes and activities. I also noticed that we talked about Sex a lot. He would tell how he had gotten this girl to let him feel her up or had seen this girls tits. I told him how I had gotten to see the daughter of my moms hairdressers pussy but that I didn't get to fuck. He said he'd never fucked a girl either but that he'd sure fantasized about it a lot. I told him I had a great collection of Porn Mags and that was my only release so far. 

These kind of conversations had gotten me to thinking about him jacking off and about him fantasizing while doing it. I wondered what he looked like and how big he was. I had never been with a guy or even thought much about it. But now I was starting to wonder what my new friend looked like in the buff. 

I was starting to think about things I had read about how a guy would suck another guy's cock and fuck him in the ass. I found myself beating off and thinking about having Jerry suck my cock. I would think about what his cum would taste like and after I came thinking about this once I came in my hand and tasted it. I didn't think it was great like the people in the stories said but it wasn't bad either. 

Nothing happened between me and Jerry and we just stayed friends. I finally got a girl to go all the way. We did it at my house after school one day and afterwards I felt like there was nothing better in the world. But lingering in the back of my mind was that feeling like I still wanted to try being with a guy, just to see what it was like. 

The first year of High School when we were both 18 we had a band camp that summer. The teacher decided that we should have it at the school instead of going off for a week. I was kind of glad because I lived right across from the school. 

The second day Jerry's ride was going to be late and when he told me this I told him he come just come over and wait at my house. He agreed and called and told his mom that he would call her when he needed her to come pick him up. 

When we got to the house I showed him around and got him a drink. We went to my room and started goofing around. 

Jerry said "Hey Matt you still keep those porn mags?" 

I said "Yea sure you kidding me, that's what keeps me going between girls. "

I reached between my mattresses and pulled out 5-6 mags and threw them on the bed. Jerry picked up one with mostly women posing and started looking. I reached for my favorite, the ones with men and women having sex and actual cumshots in it. Jerry made some comments about how he sure wished some of those girls were here now and I noticed a bulge forming in his pants. I was getting hard too and I shifted to allow more room for growth. 

Jerry said "What's the matter, that one must be good by the way your rearranging yourself." I said it was and showed him the part where the guy was fucking the girl in the ass. He moved over next to me and we started looking at the pages together. I said "I wonder what it feels like fuck an ass?" 

Jerry said "I've heard its tighter than pussy."

Jerry started rubbing his boner through his pants. When we got to the part where the guy blows his load in the girls mouth Jerry said "I got to man I hope you don't mind," and unzipped his fly and pulled out his dick. 

I said, "Man I'm glad you made the first move I think I'm going to explode. " and I pulled off my Shorts and threw them on the floor. 

Jerry kicked his pants and underwear off next to mine and then leaned back and started stroking his cock. As we looked at the magazine I couldn't help but look at his cock. It was about 1/2" longer than mine, 7" or so, and about the same size around, but it curved slightly back towards his belly. 

The head of his cock has more pointed than mine and pre-cum oozed out every time he brought the skin up around the head. 

My balls were hairier but not quite as big but we were close to the same. 

I asked him what is was like to masturbate with his dick curving like that, did it hurt or make it hard to cum. 

Jerry said, "I don't know I've never had any problems cumming so far." He let go of his cock and said "You can feel it if you want it doesn't feel weird. "

I was hesitant but real horny now so I reached over and grasped his cock. It was so Hard and felt great to touch that I started to stroke it. I could feel the ridges slide under my touch as I pulled his skin up and down the shaft. I could feel the heat from his balls when my hand returned on every stroke. My mind raced to the times I had thought of Jerry and tasted my cum. 

I didn't realize for a moment that Jerry had grasped my cock and was stroking it. But I soon realized that I was about to cum. As if reading my mind Jerry said "God it feels so good to have someone else jack me off I think I'm going to cum. " I said I was too and erupted with a orgasm that made my body jerk. As I did I kept pumping Jerry's cock and he shot load after load onto his chest and my hand. 

We both kept stroking each other and went soft in each others hands. I didn't know what to say until Jerry said that was the best he'd cum in a long time maybe ever. I said that I had never had an orgasm feel that good and that it must be having someone do it for you. 

I got up and went to the bathroom and brought back towels to clean up with when I saw Jerry lick his hand. He saw me staring at him and got embarrassed. I said "Hey don't be ashamed I did it once and I think it's natural to explore."

He asked if it was someone else's cum or my own? I told him it was mine and that I had been thinking of what another guy would taste like when I did it. I asked him if that was my cum he was tasting and he said yea that he wanted to see if it tasted like his. I asked if it did and he said that it was similar but a little different. 

He asked if I had tasted his to compare and I said that I hadn't and it was a little late as we had by this time cleaned up. 

I looked as his cock and it was starting to stiffen. This coupled with our talk about cum had me starting to get hard again too. 

I said I had more books that he might like to see. He said to bring them out, and that he'd love to have some good material like this to jackoff to. 

We spread the books out in front of us on the bed and began to look through them and before long we were both stroking ourselves. 

As we turned the pages we came to the back of one book that showed a guy giving another guy head. It was a strange moment because we both looked at each other at the same time. I wanted to reach over and take his cock into my mouth but couldn't move. Luckily I didn't have to as Jerry leaned over and sucked my dick into his mouth. 

It felt wonderful as he reached for the base of my cock and started to stroke it and suck on it. I felt like I wanted to do the same. I told Jerry to lay on his side and as he did I laid down beside him with my face inches from his cock. 

I reached out and grasped his dick and brought my mouth down on the head of it. This was my first taste of another cock and it was great. It felt wonderful in my mouth. I could taste the saltiness of his pre-cum and the hardness of his flesh was more than I could stand. 

Without warning I started shooting load after load of cum into Jerry's mouth. I could tell he was not expecting it and he pulled my cock from his mouth. 

I kept on sucking his dick and soon felt him tense up. I started to pull his cock from my mouth but instead rammed it as far as I could down my throat. 

Jerry unloaded what felt like gallons of cum into my throat and as I pulled back he emptied more into my mouth. I looked up at Jerry with cum dripping from my mouth and saw that most of mine had dripped onto his chin. Without thinking I reached up and approached his face with mine. 

Jerry seeing this crept closer to me and we kissed. We mingled each others cum in our mouths in a passionate French kiss and held to each other. 

After we broke this bond we just looked at each other knowing that we would explore every avenue available of our sexuality. 

To Be Continued...