 I tried to turn the crotch of my gym shorts away from Mister G's gaze but he gruffly barked, "Stop squirming boy and get on with it!"

My left hand went to cover my crotch but he shoved it away. There was nothing I could do to relieve the embarrassment I felt from the older man's lust-fueled eyes staring at my boner poking out the nylon material of the shorts.

My only hope was that I would be able to finish him off before the nylon fabric rubbing my dick caused me to shoot a load inside the shorts like I did yesterday. Mister G had laughed and sarcastically bellowed, "Yeah kid -- sure, you're not queer, huh? Heh-heh-heh-heh...."

I stared at the calendar on the wall to distract from my excitement and silently counted all the small "x's" marked for each day of the week. Every time I masturbated the old man I marked an 'x' -- each 'x' meant I could subtract five dollars from the rent at the beginning of the month.

I'd only been jerking him off for ten days, but I already counted twenty-one marks.

That's $105 so far, John, I thought to myself. At this rate I'll save at least $305 on next months rent and I'd be able to treat myself to a fun night on my twenty-first birthday!

Suddenly, his strong hand grasped my hard prick thru the shorts, squeezed, and gave it three quick strokes and my balls exploded.

"MISTER G," I shouted in surprise, "Ohhhhhhh-OH-OH-OH-OH...." and again my body betrayed me and I soaked the crotch of the gym shorts with four huge spurts of sperm and semen.

"FASTER BOY -- FASTER!!" he shouted and my hand became a blur on his manly cock -- up-and-down-up-and-down-up-and-down....

"HERE IT COMES, BOY -- YES-YES-YES-YES-YESSSSSSSSSSSSS...."

And now for the twenty-second time, my hand and wrist and belly and thighs were covered with his manly fluids. My God, what a mess!

***

I found the towel and first wiped Mister G clean then myself. That's when he began his usual sales pitch.

"You know, boy, you wouldn't have to go thru this routine if you simply let me cum in your mouth...no fuss -- no bother...plus you'd be earning an extra five dollars each time you swallow a load!"

I cringed at his crudeness and protested, "Mister G, I've told you over and over I'm not gay!"

He laughed and ran his hand over my soaking wet crotch then wiped it on my face.

"Heh-heh-heh, sure thing, boy -- when are you going to accept the fact you love having my cock in your hand? Hoo-wee, boy, smell this place...your whole apartment reeks of semen!"

I couldn't argue with him. I smelled the aroma every time I came home.

He opened the grocery bag he'd come with and handed me a large plastic bottle filled with a pinkish liquid.

"You're gonna take a bubble bath every night before I get here at ten, understand me boy?"

I hate and resent it when other people order me to do something. I'm afraid of losing personal freedom and independence. Last week Mister G brought me five pairs of too-small gym shorts and told me to wear the shorts with nothing else when we're together -- no shirt -- no underwear. Now I have to take a bubble bath every night!?

"Yes, sir," I softly replied understanding I couldn't live this cheaply anywhere else in the city.

He then emptied the contents of another shopping bag on the sofa.

Good grief -- three more pairs of gym shorts. Lavender, yellow and PINK???

He held up the pink ones and said, "I want you to wear these tonight!"

This was too much. I protested, "You want me to wear pink shorts?"

"They're not pink -- they're salmon-colored!" he corrected me smiling.

It was useless to argue with him. "Oh, okay," I said while thinking 'they sure look pink to me!'

I then saw what looked like a shower cap to protect your hair when bathing. My mother used to wear one when she took a bath.

"You'll need to wear the cap when you're soaking in the bubble bath...stay in the tub for thirty-minutes before you drain the water...then take a shower to get all the soap off your body, understand me, boy?"

I did not understand and my heart sank as I dejectedly replied, "Yes, sir, I understand."

***

I waited for Mister G on the sofa while watching the ten o'clock news. It took every ounce of self-control to abstain from masturbating. The damn nylon fabric of the salmon-colored shorts pressing tightly against my prick and balls had given me another boner.

My mind whirling with confusion and despair. I couldn't help but run my hands over my now-hairless chest and legs. The delicious sensations coursing throughout my body made my hard prick pulsate and my balls begin to throb. I absentmindedly pinched my stiff nipples.

The old man tricked me, I thought. That 'bubble bath' soap contained some sort of hair remover and my flesh was now soft and smooth. Like a girl, I thought. Even my underarms and crotch are totally bald and smooth.

What is he trying to do to me? I wondered.

I heard the key unlocking my front door and in came Mister G. The past few days he didn't bother knocking anymore -- he simply lets himself into my own apartment!

"Hi there, cutie," he said. "Don't you look especially pretty tonight -- stand up so I can examine you more closely!"

What the hell -- 'Cutie'? - 'Pretty'?

"C'mon boy, stand up and place your hands on your head!"

Getting to my feet, I wondered why in the world are you going along with him? This is crazy -- tell him to get the hell out of your apartment!

But for some inexplicable reason, I stood up and placed my hands on my head and watched him smiling as he approached me. My prick was so hard and throbbing, I was afraid of what would happen if he touched me. My balls were swollen and heavy. My whole body tingled with anticipation.

Oh my God -- what is wrong with me? I want him to touch me -- I want him to make me cum in my gym shorts!

My mind was fighting a losing battle. Oh-God -- oh-God -- I need to cum -- please make me cum, Mister G - please make me cum!!

I saw his eyes lock onto the bulge in my shorts and a wry smile cross his lips. He pointed to my crotch and said, "I see you're looking forward to tonight as much as I am, maybe even more...it's a shame you're already leaking thru your new, pretty pink shorts."

I flushed a deep red. Dammit, I KNEW they were pink! Ohhh God...how is it possible to be sooo turned on and sooo embarrassed at the same time?

"Now cutie, we're going to do something different tonight," he began, "...I want to help you with your problem, but only if you want me to...."

"What problem? I, uh, I don't know what you mean," I stammered.

"You have no discipline or self-control, sweetie, the last couple nights you've been so excited you soiled your pretty shorts with your boycream BEFORE you made ME climax -- that's a no-no, cutie, the boy should always give his man his pleasure before the boy takes his!"

What is he talking about? This is getting very, very weird!

He reached into the pocket of his robe and pulled out what looked to be a small leather strap. It was only about four-inches long, and one side looked to be lined with fur.

"If you wear this for me, sweetie, two things will happen: first, it will guarantee that you will bring me off before you climax, but more importantly, when I do allow you to cum, it will be the most fantastic orgasm you've ever had, and that's a promise!"

Most fantastic orgasm I've ever had? I became dizzy. I couldn't think straight. I wanted to cum right then and there.

"It is your choice to make, sweetie -- either wear it or don't...but if you don't want to wear it for me, I'm going to have to end our agreement, and since you haven't completed the month, that means you will forfeit all the money you have earned up to now...make a decision, cutie, tell me either 'No, I don't want to wear it' or simply say "Yes, I want to wear it -- I want you to teach me self-control'!"

I had no idea what he was talking about -- I had no clue how someone would even 'wear' such a small thing. All I knew is I didn't want to have given him all those handjobs for nothing.

"Mister G, what is it? Where would I even wear such a thing?" I asked in a slight panic.

"It's a ball-cincher, son...you will push your balls low in your scrotum then wrap this tightly above them...when you get excited the strap will prevent your balls from rising - you will be unable to climax until I allow you to unfasten it...it is the best training device made to keep boys like you from ejaculating prematurely!"

I didn't like the sound of that, but I didn't like the sound of not getting paid even worse.

"C'mon boy, make up your mind...do you want to cinch your balls for me or not?" he said with a small frown on his face.

I was sooo dizzy. I swear my balls were turning blue. "Okay-okay," I blurted out.

"Okay what, boy?" he asked.

Oh God..."Yes, I want to cinch my balls for you, Mister G -- I want you to teach me self-control!"

He smiled and said, "Good boy, lower your pretty pink shorts to your knees!"

I quickly obeyed and shoved my shorts down to my knees. I figured the sooner I put on the damn strap the sooner he would let me cum!

"My goodness boy, without any hair down there your little dick looks twice as big now, don't you think?"

OH MY -- it really DOES look bigger! Almost like a real man's hard-on!

Mister G explained how to put on the strap, but my hands were trembling so badly I finally asked him, "Will you do it for me?"

That brought another smile to his face. "I'll gladly cinch your balls whenever you want!"

Whatever -- I didn't care. I just wanted to get this over with so I could stroke his cock and make him climax as fast as possible so I'd get my turn to cum.

"OW," I exclaimed when he tightened it above my sensitive balls.

The strap itself didn't really hurt, however my hugely swollen balls were another matter altogether. They were practically screaming for release.

When the strap was securely in place, he raised my shorts and firmly grasped my hard prick and moved his hand back and forth until I saw stars dancing before my eyes. My whole body shuddered at the exquisite pleasure the nylon material on my prick was giving me.

I knew what I had to do. I reached to open his robe to get at his cock but he stopped me and said, "Not yet, sweetie, from now on you'll be pleasuring me in your bedroom!"

Whatever -- I didn't care when he took hold of my hand and led me inside my bedroom. He flipped on the table lamp and the room was suddenly awash with a red glow.

Huh? Since when did I have a red light bulb in that lamp?

He pulled back the bedspread then did something new: he took me in his arms and kissed me on the lips.

Ewwww -- how gross! No way did I want to be kissing an old man! I instinctively pulled back from him. He didn't appear hurt or angry, he simply took hold of my hard prick and stroked me thru the nylon material. Again, stars danced before my eyes and I heard myself moaning.

"Cutie, if you want me to let you cum you'll need to do what I want to do..." he said smiling. "...and I want some sweet loving first -- kissing and all..."

Oh noooo....

This time when he pulled my face to his I closed my eyes and surrendered to the kiss. His hand fondling my prick was driving me insane. I melted into his arms and began returning his kisses with a fervor that surprised me. I even allowed his tongue in my mouth.

When he broke the kiss he said to me: "I want to be naked with you tonight." and he pushed my shorts down to the floor.

"Lay on the bed, sweetie!" he said.

Oh God -- Oh God, I thought when I laid down on my back. What does this old man want from me?

I watched thru the narrow slits of my eyelids as he opened his robe exposing himself to me. I saw copious amounts of pre-cum oozing from his slit. He was as aroused as me. He dropped his robe then climbed on the bed.

I scooched over to make room for him but he stopped me. Instead of laying next to me, he swung one leg over me and straddled my chest on his knees. He balanced himself with his hands on either side of my head.

Oh my God, what is he doing?

He slowly moved his body up my own until his hard, manly cock was an inch from my mouth.

He said, "I've been very patient with you up until now, sweetie - your hands have been wonderfully trained...but now I want to feel your lips and tongue on my cock...give it a kiss, cutie, kiss my cock!"

He has got to be kidding!! There is NO WAY I'm doing THAT!! I closed my lips tight and shook my head. I heard him chuckle then felt his hand on my throbbing prick. He squeezed and stroked it until I thought for sure my balls would explode but the damn strap prevented it.

I whimpered and moaned and tried to wriggle out from under him but he was too heavy. My brain was spinning out of control. He cradled the back of my head and moved forward until I felt the glans of his cock pressing against my lips. His strong hands prevented me from moving my head away from his manly erection.

"Give it a kiss, sweetie -- kiss my cock!" he said firmly.

He squeezed and stroked my prick one more time and I thought about all the money I would lose if I didn't obey him. I licked my lips and pressed them to his cockhead. I was shocked how velvety smooth it felt against my lips.

"Lick it now, sweetie -- lick my cock -- lick it up-and-down...make me happy cutie-pie and daddy will let you cum!" he whispered to me.

Daddy?? There was no way out and I knew it. A sigh of resignation escaped my mouth.

"Slowly sweetie, kiss every inch of it!" he ordered.

And to my surprise and dismay, I found I liked the feel of his hot, manly flesh on my lips and tongue.

***

Cumming in Chapter 2: Johnny's education in pleasuring men moves to the next level.