 WARNING: This story is Homoerotic, if you find this offensive please do not read. It also deals with Master/Slave BDSM. Please do not re-post without authors permission. 

* * * * * 

Upon entering there was quite a large man with dark tan skin standing at the door that lead into what obviously was the main part of the building. He simply nodded at my Master and I lowered my eyes and head remembering what my Master wished of me. I did not want to disappoint him in any way this night. I kept my eyes steadfastly locked on his buttocks as he continued walking. I could hear hushed whispers and voices as he continued up some stairs that suddenly appeared to my right. I followed quietly as he lead me further up into the belly of the building. I wondered what this place was, I could still hear hushed voices and as he continued to climb I strained to hear other noises that were becoming louder and clearer. Moans, some loud some not more than whimpers. Suddenly he turned left and I found myself walking down a hallway, I could see doors pass by me on both the right and left. A hallway, the lighting was extremely dim, reminding me of soft candlelight. He suddenly stopped and I had to jerk to a stop, my heart racing as I almost collided into the back of him. I kept my head lowered even though my mind was screaming at me to look up and around, to take note of my surroundings. He unlocked the door with a key and I entered. 

"I am pleased you listened to my instructions and kept your eyes and head lowered. You have my permission to raise your head and walk to the bed. Then I want you to strip. Leave nothing on. I shall return momentarily. Be done by the time I return or I will punish you for your disobedience." his voice was hard and had an edge to it. 

"Yes, Master." I answered surprising myself by the strong tone of my voice. I thought for sure it would quake and quiver matching how my insides were feeling. I walked to the bed darting my eyes around to quickly take in my surroundings. The room was simple, a dresser, bed, and one lonely chair making residence. The walls were a deep tan color and I noticed panels the size of a medicine cabinet mirror on either side of the bed, I stopped my musing and began to shed my clothing. I laid them with care over the single chair. Once done I stood there, waiting with my hands resting at my sides. My master entered then, and the thought flew through my head that he must have been watching me for him to know that quickly that I was done. He was devoid of his own heavy jacket and now stood in front of me with a cream colored sweater and snug pants. My heart began beating heavy as he eyed my body and he began to walk around and behind me, his fingers skimming my sensitive skin leaving trails of heat behind in their path. 

"You are beautiful slave. I am most pleased to have one such as you. Your body exudes a strength which makes me want to claim you again and again. Your back, your ass, your legs, your mouth, every inch of your flesh, all will be made to pleasure me and only me." as he spoke his fingers trailed over each body part my Master was exploring. "When I first met you I wondered how you would look naked and exposed for me." His fingers began to glide down to my buttocks then. "And this ass of yours is simply a work of art. I bet you don't have any idea how many people look at it and fantasize about fucking you. Standing here now, I feel myself restraining from doing just that. Perhaps that is what I shall do. Hmmm, make your body mine. That way you'll know and won't be tempted by another. I shall have many offers for you, my slave. And that alone brings me great pleasure." I found myself panting wanting what he was saying with such total need that it left me stunned. I wanted him, I wanted him inside of me, making me his. Owning me, marking me as his and his alone. His fingers began to dive in between my cheeks searching, parting. I spread my legs wider to give him easier access. For I am his and his desires are my own. He groaned in appreciation of my compliance. 

He abruptly pulled away and I heard a whimpering groan of my own, I felt the loss of his warmth immediately. I heard a drawer open and close behind me and then the soft light from the room was extinguished as I was blind folded. "You shall concentrate only on what you feel. I want you to lie on the bed on your stomach. Now Slave!" he barked the last command. I jolted out of my stupor and made my way to the bed, I knelt and laid on it as he ordered. I stretched my arms to encompass my head. The covering I found to my surprise was extremely soft and it caressed the front of my body. I couldn't hear my Master and I moved my head from side to side as I tried to locate his position. A fine sheen of sweat was now coating my body as my mind raced with thoughts of what was about to be done to me. I heard a scraping sound first to my left, then a few seconds later to my right. I wonder what it is but all thoughts quickly fled as I felt the bed dip and a weight settle in next to me on my right. His hands were back stroking and gliding across my skin. His hands alternately dug and rubbed as he worked outward towards my arms. As his fingers reached my elbows he straightened my arms out and continued his massage. I relaxed and fell into the sensations he was creating. I felt cool medal envelope my wrists after an indeterminate amount of time. I heard the distinct click of handcuffs as first my right wrist followed by my left. I pulled on my bonds finding my self now bound to the bed frame. My Master continued to sooth me as my breathing quickened at the realization I was now truly at his mercy. I found myself feeling panicked for a moment then his lips began brushing against my shoulder blades, I concentrated on his warm breath as it tickled my slick skin. He traveled upwards toward the back of my neck. I found myself shivering uncontrollably as I felt bare and out of control.

I raised my head and turned towards his lips, needing to feel him. I licked my lips in anticipation, feeling his mouth descend on mine, first gentle nips on my bottom lip, impatiently I opened my mouth inviting him to take me. His tongue surged forward and I accepted his rough strokes as he surged into my mouth. My body became a plethora of electrical charges all traveling in chaotic paths. I began to feel dizzy with the overloading of sensation, I had never experienced this before, only my Master could do this to me I realized with exaltation. Our tongues dueled for long moments before the need for air broke us apart. I felt his warm breath mix with mine as we both felt the effects of the kiss. 

"Mmm, you please me even more slave. I will enjoy making you mine this night. You are mine. Say it." He spoke in my ear as he continued stroking my back and shoulders.

I answered honestly. "I am your slave. You are my Master. I am yours to do with as you please. I live to please you."

He chuckled. "Very good."

He withdrew from me and I felt his hands begin to stroke my ass cheeks. I laid my head down and parted my legs knowing he would be pleased at my eagerness. I was rewarded by soft kisses to my lower back and then my right and left butt cheek. I began to writhe on the bed and pant as his hands dipped lower into my parted cleft. I felt completely open and exposed now but I found myself feeling more turned on rather than embarrassed. 

"Tonight I will pleasure myself by taking your body. Not all nights will be as such. Tonight is special as you are my new slave, I have not had one that pleases me as much as you do in a long time. For that you should be thankful, thank me for I am in a generous mood with you tonight."

"Thank you my Master." I choked. 

At that I felt him move in between my legs and settle his body as he nudged my thighs wider apart yet, I laid my head back down as the knowledge of what he was about to do spiraled through my brain. He spread my cheeks open wide and I gasped as I felt his warm mouth and tongue start to gently lick my hole. My arms pulled on my handcuffs involuntarily as I arched my back and hips at the unexpected intrusion. 

"Oh God!" I mumbled not even realizing I had spoken out loud. "Not God, your Master." he breathed against my puckered opening. He promptly resumed alternately kissing and licking as I continued to moan and squirm. I then felt his tongue invade me thrusting in and out of my body. I felt like I was tearing apart at my seams from the sensations spiraling through me. I felt myself opening and adjusting to the soft intruder and I felt myself racing towards an orgasm at the sensations he was giving me. He must have heard my harsh panting and knew I was approaching climax so soon because he promptly withdrew his tongue and mouth. With one final kiss to my entrance he pulled out and began to massage, bringing his hands closer to where I wanted, no needed them to be. After what seemed an eternity to me he finally brought a finger to my wet entrance and began teasing in slow circles. I found myself wanting to beg, wanting him to take me. I wanted this exquisite torture to end. "Please, Master....please." I gave in to my impulse and begged.

"Please what slave? I have not given you permission to beg. For that I will have to punish you." I then felt a hard slap to my butt cheek. I hissed at the pain. Then another sting landed on my opposite cheek and I felt a low groan leave my traitorous lips. My ass literally felt on fire now. I felt tears begin to form in my eyes as four more slaps landed on alternate cheeks. I knew my ass was now a rosy red from the punishment. I was breathing very heavily now and I felt like I might pass out from hyperventilating. I then felt something cold being drizzled onto my abused skin giving me relief from the burning. I slowed my breathing realizing my Master would not like me to get too carried away. He rubbed the liquid in allowing extra to fall in between my cheeks. I moaned at the pleasure pain my body felt, it was as if having my feet straddling a line, one foot firmly planted in heaven and the other residing in hell. The thought of sweet torture ran through my frazzled brain. My Master spoke then bringing me crashing back to the present. 

"Beautiful slave, your skin reddens nicely at my just punishment. You will remember in the future not to speak without my express permission. You will remember I am your Master each time you feel the soreness of your flesh that I have given you. Do you understand slave? Answer me." his voice was lower than I had ever heard it before.

"Yes, my Master. I will remember." As I spoke the last word my voice raised several decibels as I felt a slick finger enter me. I automatically raised my hips as I felt him slide deeper and deeper into me. He began to withdraw and thrust slowly as I adjusted to this new sensation. My body felt like it was thrumming, so real and alive, I wondered if my Master felt the pleasure I was feeling for sure he had to as I realized I was moaning continuously now. I felt my face flush scarlet as I had never been so vocal with any one before as I was being now. The freedom of that knowledge in and of itself was enough for me, everything after would be a gift I was being given by him. In this moment I knew I loved him. I would forever be his slave even when he no longer touched my body. He owned my heart now, and my body was next. A strong shiver ran through me as I realized this.

A second finger joined the first, stretching, preparing, scissoring me open. I raised my hips trying in vain to draw them deeper, my wrists felt raw as pain shot up through my arms as I pulled against the metal. I didn't care, all that mattered was my Master and his jabbing hand. Suddenly sparks shot through my groin as he hit my sweet spot deep inside. Mercilessly he rubbed in me causing me to cry out at the shooting pleasure that took over my body. I whimpered loudly as he withdrew his fingers. Quickly though I felt him lower himself over my body raining kisses down in between my shoulder blades. I felt him straddle my body and his hands grasped my head and raised my face upwards.

"Your body will be mine now." I felt his breath ghost across my lips and I flicked my tongue out as if to chase after them. I then felt him move something in between my wrists. "Roll over for me. I shall like to see your face as I take you." I obediently rolled over. Conscious of my chest heaving, nipples hard and ready. My wrists were put back and I heard the click of whatever was holding me there. I felt his erection lay against my stomach as he finished with my binding. His lips descended on mine in a fierce and bruising kiss. We kissed hard and long, I wanted to keep tasting him forever. He tasted of coffee and something like spice. Cinnamon, yes, that's what it was. I felt like I couldn't get enough, or go deep enough. I wanted to climb into him and be a part of him. He slowed the kiss and began licking and biting at my throat, some painful, others soft. I was bucking up into him needing to feel his body against mine. He kissed me again quickly as he lowered himself down my sweaty torso. 

He moved and placed my thighs over his own, I could feel his hair tickling the backs of my own legs. My heart was beating so hard I wondered if it would burst through my chest. I felt his hand rub my stomach briefly as he lowered himself over me, his cock nudging at my prepared opening and I breathed in deeply knowing this was the moment I had been waiting for. He pushed forward gently and his glans slipped into me. I began panting, he felt huge, I didn't think he would fit. I felt his mouth close over a nipple and I gasped at the dual sensation. His tongue flicked at my nub causing me to arch into his hot mouth. My body relaxed as he continued to suckle me. I felt him slide slowly into me. I raised my head and he understood my silent plea. He brought his lips to my mouth and I felt how hard he was breathing, I ran my tongue over his lips inhaling his breaths as he exhaled. I was drawing him into me and it excited me like I had never imagined. 

He slowly withdrew from me and thrust deeply back in, I raised my legs clasping them around his waist. I felt so full, he was in me and I wanted to laugh with the knowledge. I was his now, body and heart. He began changing his rhythm grinding his hard cock into my tight ass hard and I thought I might spontaneous combust at the waves of pleasure now roiling through me. I raised my hips on his next thrust intent on making him pleased, I didn't want to disappoint him. On the next thrust I felt him hit my prostate head on and I screamed at the impact. Oh God, I didn't think it could get more intense, he's thrusting and grinding into me alternately and I can feel him, my blood is pounding through my veins and I'm moaning, loudly. I vaguely hear my Master grunting as he pounds into my body, I rise meeting his every thrust. I want him all. I'm so close, so close to ascendancy. My own nirvana, I definitely didn't expect this to happen tonight. He begins to pound into my body with such force I'm grunting to meet his thrusts and it feels so good and so right I begin crying out at each hard thrust. I feel my body falling, falling over that edge, I never want this to end, I want to spend eternity with him in this way right now. Him thrusting into me making me his. This is what I need. 

Then I feel his hand clasp over my own weeping hard cock and he begins stroking and pulling on me. I can't take it anymore, it's too much, my climax rips through me and I pour my seed out and over his hand, pulse after pulse shoots from body and I feel it land on my abdomen and chest. My Master thrusts into me one more time before emptying his own cum deep into my body. He lowers himself onto my chest and I hold him to me with my shaking legs. After a few minutes he pulls from me and I moan from his loss. I feel his lips on mine and he whispers into my mouth. "And so it is complete, you are mine now." 

I answer honestly, "Yes, my Master." 

To Be Continued...