 All characters depicted are over 18.

Rick and Rob continue to explore their boundaries and bodies. As with all new experiences, they don't always see eye to eye.

Thanks to LarryInSeattle for his editing assistance.

============

When I woke, the room was bathed in reddish light; the sun was setting. If we wanted to eat in the dining hall we'd have to hurry. I had slid off Rick's body, to cuddle along his side. My head was lying on his left arm. My left leg was draped over his thigh and rested between his legs. My mouth tasted like cum, his, mine, both. 

I took advantage of his slumber to stare at his body. He had the well-defined muscles of someone who had spent a lot of time in the gym. That was weird because I couldn't ever recall him in the gym, not that I was there all that often. Maybe we should go together. Guys worked out together without anyone saying anything about it. 

He had a few hairs starting to grow around his areolas. Right in the middle of his chest I counted three black hairs. The fading light slanted across his chest and belly, setting the fine peach fuzz hair aglow. His pubic hair was a tempest of dark tight curls, matted and clumped in the places his cock had continued to ooze and drip as he slept. I loved his cock hard. I found it a little on the trippy side that until that moment I had never seen his cock soft. It looked just as nice soft. Perhaps, I was loving the potential I knew was hiding there but I thought his slumbering cock was as gorgeous as its slumbering owner. I wanted to slip out of bed and take a picture of it, take a picture of his quiet cock, his quiet body. I didn't, of course. I've never taken a photo, at least not a nude photo, of someone without asking first. 

It was probably just the normal cycle of sleep arousal but as I gazed at his cock it began to roll over. It had been lying down in the left crease of his groin. As it rolled, I could see the "V" where the flange of his cock head merged. The thin line that ran down the underside of his cock was easily seen, even in the fading light. His balls rested against his right thigh. His cock seem to pause there, as if it had done nothing more than roll over into a more comfortable position, but every beat of his heart caused it to grow, almost imperceptibly. As it grew, it continued to roll toward the middle of his belly. I watched, hardly breathing, until it rose to stand above his pubic hair. 

I no longer cared if we missed dinner. 

I'm right-handed but my left arm was on top. I wasn't too worried. I could cope. As my hand neared my mouth I could smell our cocks on it. I licked my hand, mostly along the inside of my thumb and first finger. I wrapped my hand around his cock. At first I just held it. Rick's breathing remained slow and steady. He didn't stir.

I began to slide my hand over his cock, loving the way it felt in my hand. I loved the way it felt so recognizable, "why yes, that is clearly a cock in my hand", yet so foreign all the same. It wasn't quite as long as mine but it was thicker. It felt heftier in my hand than my own dick. I rubbed my fingers over his cock head. His crown had a more pronounced flare than mine. His circumcision was cleaner than mine. I had a small turtleneck of crumpled skin around the top of my shaft. Rick's was smooth. With my eyes closed I could barely feel the remnants of his foreskin. For the first time in my life I wondered what it would be like to play with an uncut cock. I'd seen them in online porn but had never really projected myself into those scenarios. What, I wondered, would it be like to go down on Rick if he was uncircumcised? 

My fingers explored the softer ridges of his veins. He had a monster vein on the top of his shaft. I couldn't see it, not without pushing his cock up and I didn't want to risk waking him, but I could feel it. I traced it with one finger tip. 

Stretching a little, I was able to cup his balls. His armpit tickled my nose. Our exertions had left him smelling ever so slightly stronger, not a stinky smell, a musky man smell. 

His balls were heavy. I mentally tried to compare them to my own. I thought they were bigger. A wave of insecurity flooded my mind. Were my balls too small? Did the ridge of skin, the skin I was now convinced was evidence of an incompetent botched circumcision, disgust him? Was my cock too thin? Too long? Was that possible? Oh fuck, he was totally ripped and I'm a pudgy slug. I tried to tell myself I was being a total dork. I wasn't fat. I had never worried that I was pudgy before. Could you see the outline of my abs? No, but my stomach was flat and if you felt it, there was muscle under your fingers. 

"Why did you stop?"

Rick's voice startled me and I jumped. He laughed. 

"You forget I was here already?"

"Nnnoo. No" My stammer is something I had mostly overcome by college but even today, under stress, it trips me up.

Rick rolled onto his side, forcing me to move my leg. We laid there, nose to nose. When he spoke, his voice was soft. "Rob, what's up, dude? You aren't losing it on me are you?"

"What? No! I was looking at you..."

"No," he grinned at me. "You were jerking me off. And it felt pretty friggin' hot."

I smiled back, or tried to. I counted this as our second "date" but even on the third, or thirtieth, date no one wants to find out their lover is a writhing mass of insecurities. Total buzz kill. I didn't want to lie. So, I told the truth, just not all of it.

"Glad you liked it. I was looking at your body and I got a little freaked out by how freaking hot you are. I mean, fuck dude, your body is baller. When do you have time to work out? You didn't get that cut walking back and forth to class."

He blushed. He honestly, totally, heart-meltingly, blushed. 

"Don't be a simp. I go to the gym in the morning. There are a ton of guys more ripped than me. I'm a skinny. Besides." His voice trailed off.

"Besides what?" I encouraged, still enraptured over the way he had blushed when I complimented him. 

"Nothing dude." 

I decided to play dirty. I reached between our bodies and found his cock and began to fondle him.

"Come on. Besides what?"

He looked down between us. "That." 

"Huh? 'That', what 'that'?" I asked, baffled.

"That, my dick." His voice was very soft. 

"What about it? It's one of your top ten features, dude."

"Are you fucking with me?" His voice was angry enough I drew away, surprised. 

"It's fucking tiny, dude. I've got a baby dick," he continued.

"Dude you are totally, bat shit, whacked out of your skull. You have a perfect cock. It's not even small, much less tiny. If you want to go by size alone, fine, you're average. But beyond size, it's a glorious cock. That's part of what I was freaking on." 

I rolled away so I can see him better. I traced the parts of his cock as I talked.

"First of all, the head of your cock fits perfectly." I moved my hand and pointed at my own dick. "Look at mine. The head is too big. My dick looks like one of those trees in the Lorax book. Look at the way the head of your cock flares. You have no idea how that felt sliding past my lips. Look at my dick, where some drunk med school drop-out whacked my foreskin off. It's fucking ugly. Now, look at yours, fucking smooth as whole milk, you can't even see it hardly. Finally." I grabbed his balls and he jumped. "Finally, you got some big ass 'nads. You're a fucking sperm bank. If God hadn't made you gay you'd be a total breeder, dude." I move my hand back to his cock.

"So, spare me the penis anxiety bullshit."

"It's not bullshit. Your dick is twice as long as mine."

I gave a bark of disbelief. 

"Stand up." 

"What?" Rick asked, looking perplexed.

"Stand up," I repeated, rolling over and out of bed. 

He followed. We were almost exactly the same height. I pulled his cock down, making it horizontal to the floor. I did the same with my own. I pushed my hips forward until the head of my cock touched his pubic bone, beside his cock. His cock was less than an inch from my belly.

"Mine looks longer because it is a fucking lollipop stick. So, can we drop the dick shit, dip shit?"

Rick offered me a lopsided grin. "'Dick shit', 'dip shit'? That's the best you got?"

"Nope," I said as I dropped down onto my heels. "This is the best that I got," I finished before taking his cock back into my mouth.

My touching and talking about his cock had him mostly hard. There wasn't much growing left to do but as I swallowed him, pushing my nose deep into his pubic hair, I felt him get harder with each thump of his heart. His fucking cock was pulsing in my throat. I was getting a cock tonsil massage without having to move a muscle. I held him there, breathing through my nose, pressing my tongue against the underside of his shaft. I could hardly move my tongue but I could press and relax. 

He tried to pull away but I followed him with my mouth. I grabbed his ass with my hands and pulled him deeper. His pubic bone was smashing my nose but I didn't care. I experimented. I tried tightening the muscles in my throat. I wasn't sure anything was happening until I heard a soft moan above my head. 

"Fuck Rob. How are you doing that?"

To answer, I'd have to pull his cock out of my mouth, my throat, and I wasn't about to do that. I inhaled deeply. I swear to God the scent of his cock, his pubic hair, the cum drying in the hair, nearly made me cum. I groaned around his cock and he shivered. His hands clamped onto my head. 

I exhaled the breath I had taken, but through my mouth, blowing my hot breath around his twitching cock.

His fingers tightened. He pushed against my mouth. It was hard to swallow in this position. I could feel spit begin to leak onto my chin. I wasn't gagging or choking. I simply couldn't swallow with his delicious fat cock in my mouth. An idea that had been flitting through my mind began to hammer incessantly at my thoughts. I was afraid he wouldn't like it. I was afraid he'd be grossed out if I asked him to do it to me but I couldn't rid myself of the vision. 

I risked letting go off his ass with my right hand and cupped his balls. I imagine they weighed a pound a piece. I loved them and hated them. I loved them for their heft, their total screaming maleness. I hated them for withholding the cum I was obsessing over. 

"Give it to me. Come on." I chanted silently.

I brought my hand to my chin. I wiped the spit off my chin and even managed to wiggle a finger into my mouth, beside his dick, taking care not to scratch or poke him with my fingernail. I told myself if he tensed, tried to pull away, I'd stop. I steeled myself and worked my hand past his balls and began to rub. I nearly dropped his cock and shouted for joy when rather than pulling away, he lowered his body, crouching enough to open his legs. He was making it easier for me to do what I want to do, what I had been afraid would freak him out. 

I still had not moved my head or mouth. My breath snuffled in and out of my smashed nose. My tongue worked against the bottom of his shaft, and when I remembered to, I tried to do the throat muscle tightening trick. 

My finger rubbed along the ridge that ran from the back of his sack to his asshole. I took my time, partly because I was nervous and unsure and partly out of fear he would come to his senses and push me away. I took my time but finally my fingertip encountered the firmer, roughed ring of his asshole. I hesitated, then ran my finger over and around it. I was rewarded with more shivers, more tightening on the fingers that gripped my head. 

Rick shifted and I tensed.

"Hang on a sec," he panted. 

"Are you kidding me?" I thought to myself. "That's exactly what I intend to do. Hang on."

He turned slightly and I shifted with him. The floor was hard on my knees. I don't think I could kneel on a hard floor for that long these days. Back then it didn't matter.

He lifted his left leg and rested his foot on top of the bed. My heart raced. He wasn't running away. He was running toward what I wanted to do.

I couldn't really see him. If I rolled my eyes upward, I got an out of focus vision of what would become, one day, a thick lovely happy trail. I could tell he had one hand on his head or face. That arm fell and I felt his fingers on mine, touching his asshole. His fingers were wet. He was wetting his ass. I rubbed the back of his hand with my fingers. When his hand moved, it gripped his left ass cheek and pulled it aside. 

I pushed with my finger tip. He pushed back. When my finger popped into his ass he gasped and the hand on my head clenched. I worked my finger in, slowly. My finger wasn't as wet as it should have been. I know that now but like knees on hard floors, at the time the fact was not relevant. 

I had to go slow but soon my finger pressed into the groove that runs around the firm walnut of his prostate. I'm not sure if I knew what I was feeling back then but I suppose that doesn't really matter. What mattered was when I pressed against it, his hips bucked against my chest and his cock seemed to swell to twice its size. 

I pushed a little harder and my fingertip slid past the groove and onto the mound. I began to move my finger in circles over it, pressing harder. It felt more like two walnuts than one. There was another groove separating the two halves. As I pressed hard, Rick pushed harder. 

A second, or maybe less, before he filled my throat with his load, I felt the mound beneath my finger clench and contract. 

Rick didn't say anything. He held his breath, panted, held his breath. His hips twitched against me and once more, both hands clutched my head. I didn't really have to swallow this time. He was pumping his load straight down my throat. I could barely taste it, which was disappointing, but that was the only disappointment. I was rather proud of myself. I had gotten him off without moving my head. I had milked him with my throat and tongue. 

His ass squeezed and I pulled my finger out. It stuck a little and I heard him gasp. When it was free, he pulled away. I let him this time. He put his left foot back on the floor, sat on the bed and flopped back, nearly beaning himself on the wall. 

I sat over on my ass. My knees sang a "thank you" chorus. I rested the side of my face on his knees. That wasn't very comfortable so I moved to lean against the bed and rest my head on his lap. The back of my head brushed against his still quivering cock. I surreptitiously glanced at my right hand. The index finger was smeared. That was a little gross but I asked myself what had I expected? A little soap and water was not a particular high price for the fun I just had. I didn't want Rick to freak, so I kissed the top of his leg, climbed off the floor and went into the bathroom to wash my hand.

When I returned, he was still lying on the bed, feet on the floor. His breathing had slowed and his cock was napping in the crease of his left thigh again. I knelt beside him on the bed. He let me kiss him but didn't have the energy to kiss back. I lifted his head up and leaned back against the wall, trying not to gasp at how chilled it felt on my over-heated skin. I crossed my legs and let Rick's head rest back on my ankles. My boner brushed the top of his head. I had a vision of jerking off, of cumming on the top of his head. I wasn't sure he'd like that so I push the image aside. 

I leaned forward to massage his chest. My dick pressed against his head. 

"Did you like that?" I whispered and immediately chided myself for being so insecure that I needed confirmation. He'd cum like a gallon after cumming once already. Duh? Of course he liked it, dipshit.

"Mmm hmm," was his only answer. 

I began to play with his nipples, casual like. His eyes remained closed. His breathing was deep and steady as if he were asleep or meditating.

"How did you do that with your throat?"

His voice startled me. I shrugged, though he could not see it. 

"I'm not sure I just sort of tightened it." 

"However you did it, dude it was fucking intense."

"Good. I'm glad you liked it."

His eyes opened and his face twisted into a half smile, half smirk. "Like it? Yeah, I liked it. Maybe too much. I don't know if I want you to have that much power over me."

As he pulled his feet onto the bed and rolled onto his side, I shifted down the wall to give him more room. He laid his head in my lap again, facing my dick. He started to stroke it. 

"Somebody still has a chubby," he snorted, looking at me with one eye. I nodded.

He gently pulled my dick forward and I felt his tongue lick over the top of it. 

"Mmm," he whispered. "You like that? You want me to suck your cock?"

"Yes. I like that. I want you to suck my dick. Please."

His mouth fell over me and began to move. After a few strokes he pulled away and clambered to his knees. His hand returned to my dick.

"I liked what you did with your finger."

I nodded. 

"You want to do more?"

I wasn't sure what he meant. More as in him sticking his finger in my ass or more of me sticking my fingers in his ass. I decided either was okay.

"Like what?"

"I want you to fuck me," he replied, heat in his eyes. "I want you to fuck me in the ass. That's what." 

As he spoke, he laid back on the bed, managing to keep a hold on my dick.

"And then," he grinned. "I want to fuck you."

That was exactly the fantasy I had been jerking off to for days but hearing it said out loud, hearing the words in my ears, made it so much more real. I found myself starting to say "no". I licked my lips, stalling.

I nodded, tried to speak, swallowed and finally managed to spit out, "I think that would be cool."

Rick grinned. "Me first."

"Now?"

His grin widened. "Why not?"

"Uh, I don't have any condoms or anything."

He raised up to rest on his elbows. "So? You said you've never done anything like this right? That's true isn't it? Even with a chick?"

I nodded.

"Neither have I. I trust you. There's no way I have AIDS or the syph or anything and there's no way you do. So why do we need condoms?"

"I don't have any lube." I didn't want to mention the smears on my finger. 

"You got any hand lotion? That's what I use." 

I stared at him and he stared back.

"You mean you never play with your ass, dude?" he asked, clearly unbelieving.

I shook my head. "No. I mean I've thought about that. And yeah, I'd like to try it with you but no, I've never played with my butt." My curiosity got the best of me. "What do you do actually? Put your finger in your butt?"

"Sure," he answered without hesitation. "Seriously bro, you've never done that? Not once?" 

I shook my head again.

"Wow," he whispered then he laughed. "This will be fun." He nodded toward the wall. "Your suitemate, what's his fuck, he gone this weekend too?"

"I don't know, probably. If not he should be at supper." 

"Go check," Rick ordered.

"Huh?"

"Go knock on the bathroom door. See if anyone is over there."

I climbed off the bed. My dick pointed toward the sky. A few twists and turns in the conversation, plus a bit of confusion were no match for the state of arousal I was in. I walked into the bathroom. Two rooms, four students usually, shared a bathroom. Mike and I had lucked out, our suitemate was a single, Darren. I turned the door knob leading to his room. It was locked. I knocked twice, twice more.

"Darren?" Then louder, "Darren, you in there?"

There was no response. As I turned, Rick was entering the bathroom.

"You have a towel I can borrow?"

"Uh, sure, yeah." I pointed to my closet. "There's an extra in there."

As he turned I noticed a drop of cum hanging from the head of his cock. When he returned with the towel, I bent at the waist and quickly took his cock in my mouth, then straightened.

He looked at me quizzically, "What was that for?"
