 While the evening leading up to my first bi-sexual experience has become a distant memory, the event itself still lingers in my mind...

Ray was a six foot, 160 pound, very dark skinned black man. We worked out together in the local gym several days a week. When we got back to my place, he asked me if I had any porn. I said I had some penthouse magazines. We looked at the pages, and he casually asked me what kind of sex I liked—F2F, M2F, MFF or even MMF. I said my experiences were all F2M but that I thought about the other couplings. This made him smile. As the chat became all about sex and those centerfold women, he asked what I thought about he and I pulling out our cocks to masturbate in front of each other while we read.

I poured another glass of wine for each of us and he quickly removed his all his clothes except his t-shirt. When I gave him his glass of wine, it was nearly impossible not to check out his body and a very black and veiny erect cock pointing up at me. The cock was 7 to 8 inches in length, a moderate set of balls covered with very short black hair, and most surprisingly a mushroom shaped circumcised cock head that was so black, it was a very dark purple in appearance. Having never been with a man before, the image of this first cock pointing at me, a cock that was eager to experience me, was a fantasy come to life.

Well I was very aroused and told him, "Ray you have a great looking cock!" I've never seen a black cock before and it was a foot from my hand and twitching involuntarily with excitement. Once I gave Ray his wine, I stripped to my t-shirt. My mind was reeling as I had never had a bisexual experience like the one playing out in my mind—I had to at least touch that cock and fate only knew where it would go from there. 

It is hard to not discount the surroundings we were in. Here we were in my very small trailer. A waterbed for living room furniture, kitchen and dining room just feet away and a African black man standing naked touching himself in the middle of this dimly lit scene. In the cramped quarters, I could not move without brushing against him every time I passed like fate had conspired to make sure this part of foreplay was not to be lost.

Moreover, it was inconceivable from my immediate thoughts that we would not wind up fucking one another in the ass before the night was out. I had played with my ass many times before while I masturbated but never gave it serious thought that I would ever have a chance to get fucked with a real cock. 

Truth be told, I always had some attraction or sexual wonder what it would feel like with another guy. To be with a person that had a high sex drive and wasn't too concerned with norms. I remember thinking back how my asshole twitched with anticipation causing my cock to pull against my tight belly as if I was already clamping down on Ray's shaft buried in me. 

Ray was quick to bring me back to the moment as I wondered transfixed staring at his cock what it would do once I had it in my mouth. My fantasies had over taken me now and I was confident that before Ray left, I was going to drop the biggest load of cum ever and Ray's mushroomed black cock was going to be covered in my saliva or releasing his cum streams in my "man-pussy" before he left my door.

Ray then broke the ice, "have you ever thought about two guys having sex?" My response was "Ray, given our state of undress, yes!" As I composed myself and resisted my urge to just drop to y knees and drink his black cum straight down my throat, I said, "Ray, I've never been with a guy but thought about it. You're hard cock this close to mine, the contrasting colors, is a huge turn on." 

I took the initiative like a kid in the toy store and asked him, "Can I touch your cock?" Ray chuckled, "Hell, if you don't I'm leaving!" We both laughed and took a few more drinks of our wine as I reached over and placed my hand around the shaft of his veiny cock. As was able to wrap my hands around his fat cock and I could feel his pulse as if I was taking his vitals via his crotch. 

Our actions were filled with sexual anticipation as we both jumped on the bed, still naked from the waist down now sporting pulsing cocks each with precum dripping in rainbow lines down to the floor. As each propped ourselves up, glass of wine and Penthouse Story magazines in our hands, we glanced over at each other and smiled setting our wine on the headboard and putting our free hand on our own cocks stroking our shafts and fondling our nut sacks. 

We relaxed for a few minutes, reading and stimulating ourselves and taking sexual glances over at the other—seeing how the other is stroking and what makes him feel good from rubbing the tip with the end of the fingers to fingering an ass to full length stimulation of the entire engorged cock. 

Every time I looked at Ray's black cock it always had two large, pulsating veins and they were trying to pop out of his skin. His purple head, so different in color from the shaft, but it was a magnificent site standing straight up with his balls pulled in as if they were going to shoot.

The purple black head was glistening with his precum and it was so smooth and large and as he rubbed it, each stroke brought more cum out of the slit. Ray was moaning, saying things like, "Wow, you're making me so horny with this and that cock!" "I can't wait to cum and show you how excited this makes me, you stroking that white cock!"

Ray then pointed his bulbous cock toward and I mimicked him by point my leaking cock at his. It seemed natural at this point as we both moved towards each other and got on our sides. From the reflective film on the ceiling, we could watch each of us grabbing our cocks and rubbing the heads together mixing cum together across our stretched heads. 

It was as if we were dueling cocks, every so often smacking them together resulting in precum flying off in drops hitting our white and black belly's. Within just a few minutes, our stomachs were dotted with drops of clear fluid dripping down towards the bed sheets. 

I said to Ray, "You cock is so hard! The slippery cum between our heads like a wet pussy, I have to be careful not to shoot my load all over you!" Ray said, "I can't wait for your white cum! I have some experience, so I'm open to most things." We looked at each other and smiled but didn't kiss. This was about sex for both of us. We rolled back on our backs and since I was "invited" to tell Ray what I desired, I decided to take the initiative. 

I reached over to Ray's black cock, I saw it already had evermore pre-cum dripping from his opening. I touched the head of his cock with my fingers causing him to shutter and he moaned and said, "I can't wait for you to see how turned on I am and the load of cum you are building up in me". 

Ray reached over and with his hand scooped up as much precum from my cock as he could in his fingers and quickly stuck them in his mouth sucking them like he hadn't ever tasted anything like it. He cleaned his fingers openly with his tongue as if to say, "I'm coming for the rest of it down my throat next."

I kissed his shaft down the sides, licked the slit of his head with the tip of my tongue dipping it into the cum leaking from its slit. When I pulled away from his cock head, his cum affixed to my tongue and his slit creating a long bridge of clear fluid that refused to break—so I brought my head back to his cock, opened my mouth and cleaned his very erect and shiny black dick. 

Up and down I went for a few minutes still I was sure that the only fluid on his cock was mine—didn't want to waste it as it tasted unbelievable. I could sense Ray's breath quickening so I broke off my love making to Ray's midnight colored cock and gave his shaft and balls a hard squeeze reducing the likelihood of him cumming too soon.

Ray and I continued reading but now telling each other what was going on in our stories. I was reading about a woman getting fucked in the ass by her lover and Ray was reading about how two women were licking each other's pussy and asses making each other cum.

As we read to each other, stroking each other's cocks, he spits several times into his hand and continued to jerk me off making sure I he had loose friction in order to reduce the chance of me cumming too soon. Not sure I needed it but it made the precum even more slick and was hot knowing his juices were mixing with my own. As I continued my Penthouse Letter story, Ray put down his book and changed from stroking me to moving his mouth inches from my cock which I felt would explode—my balls actually ached after just 15-30 minutes from the time we got into the trailer to being up on the waterbed. 

Before I could process the scene unfolding, Ray kissed the head of my leaking cock. He kissed it again saying, "I can't wait for you to cum, your leaking all over!" I had never seen my cock this excited. Being young, my juices were prevalent, but there was so much coming out of my slit that I was dripping down my own shaft and I had not even cummed. Ray smiled as I put down he magazine and concentrated on his oral expertise. 

Ray licked my cock like a candy cane up and down. While kissing my cock and using the tip of his tongue to trace around my swollen head, he placed a hand on the base of my shaft and alternated between sucking and jerking me off. Ray was just working his magic on my smaller white cock, and his ample salvia dripped past my balls and down into the crack of my ass. 

As Ray squeezed my aching balls, he managed to slip his index finger into my asshole. He massaged my hole, gathered up some more salvia and pushed it into my asshole and all the way up my shoot. Ray put his mouth over my cock, and inserted another finger into my asshole stretching it with two of his knobby black fingers. He pushed them both into to their base and moving it in and out of my ass in rhythm as he bobbed up and down my cock. 

I reached once again over to Ray's erect black fuck stick, and in my mind began to drool with the idea of his cock inside me. I pushed him back onto his back, as Ray nearly made me cum my massaging my prostate accessible in my ass—he knew what he was doing to a man. As I pushed him flat, I forever burned an image of a nearly naked midnight skinned black man hands behind his head, black-ink erect, pulsating cock, dripping mushroom head of a fuck stick, and balls moving side to side as if to say "I want to cum in the white boy!" 

It's hard to imagine the sexual intensity I was feeling kneeling over this man with his cock so close to mine and the images of what I wanted—fuck him, have him cum in my mouth drinking that oh so tasty sperm, jerking it onto my face watching every stream shoot, or having my ultimate bisexual desire of him mounting me like a man and plastering my insides with his salty seed. I also thought of me fucking his ass, having him eat my cum, or simply jerking my cock off onto his and using my cum as lubrication to make him cum onto my face mixing his juices with mine and me eating it all up. 

As I sucked Ray's cock into my mouth, it twitched and twitched. Ray moaned, "Yeah, suck me. Take it in!" I did as he commanded. I was amazed as how his cock head and shaft felt in my mouth. He smelled great and the taste of precum was like another aphrodisiac stimulating my senses. I noticed he began to perspire with the excitement.

As I sucked his cock once again, Ray rose up said he wanted to cum. "Do you want to eat my cum?" I looked at him and said without hesitation, "Ray, I've always wanted to be fucked in my ass, how about cumming in me instead?" 

Ray, pushed me onto my side and used my precum and his to push it onto my asshole. He got behind me and started rubbing his cock head back and forth circling his purple headed monster on my virgin asshole. He tried to push in quickly but there was not enough lubrication. 

He and I both in the heat of passion reached for lotion and we both pushed it onto my hairy opening. We both took turns pushing fingers into my asshole getting it ready for that black shaft to fuck the hell out of me (or that was my hope). I wondered if this is what females felt the first time they got fucked—scared, excited, over stimulated, hope that when it was done I'd want more, and finally, would I get to addicted that I could be a "cock whore (lol)". 

As I was eager with anticipation and lost in the bliss before the fucking, Ray grabbed his cock and firmly placed his purple mushroom head at the opening of my man pussy. Ray put one of his black hands on shoulder and dug his nails into my skin. I could feel the pressure against my asshole as his cockhead very slowly began to invade my slippery and ravenous asshole waiting for his cock. As the pressure built, I wondered if I bit off my than my asshole could take—I felt like he was going to break my ass in to as his cock was going to violate me now whether I wanted it or now.

The pressure built and the pain increased. I almost told him to stop but in the seconds before I could get the words out, his shinny and oh so sexy head landed inside my asshole making me groan and say, "God Ray, your cock is so big it is going to split me open, but it feels so fucking wonderful! Give me a minute to rest." Yet, it seemed that my body and mind had disconnected. I could see my hand reaching back and grabbing my own ass check to pull it wider for Rays black shaft—I wanted it all. 

I was dripping sweat and ray was panting like a dog in the summer heat. I was lost in the pleasure and pain, and Ray was saying over and over, "Wow, this is great, ready?" I could feel his cock twitch as he was like a kid with a new toy—and I was the object of his manhood resting in my asshole seeking to fuck me like a woman. I knew I was wanting more but I still had around 7 inches of a very black cock ready to invade my asshole and fuck me. Could I take it and would Ray release his cum in me as I hoped?

Ray didn't wait for me to give my approval to proceed. He pushed about half of his cock into me and slowly withdrew it. I reached back and grabbed his balls as I hoped that would make him pleasure as he was stretching me open. He brought his cock out to where his mushroom head was just inside my ass. My own cock just uncontrollably jerked up and down against my belly. Ray dug his hand back into my shoulder and sank nearly five inches of fat black cock into me. He pulled it back out and without a rest pushed his mushroom cock all the way into me—all of it up my ass!

Ray said, "I just bottomed into you." His pubes were pressing against my ass cheeks and I felt something very different with him all the way in. I felt so full. A pressure against my cock that I never had before masturbating or playing with my own asshole. Ray pulled back out and now started fucking me—just fucking me. He was panting saying how good he felt, "John I love your ass, I can't get enough. I want to fuck you more and I want to cum in your tight little white ass!" Ray had his rhythm and my asshole was stretched, slightly burning and clamping on Ray's cock so hard.

Then without warning as we both moaned like teenagers in heat, my cock which I have not touched since Ray entered me, started releasing a full load of cum. The first stream hit me in the chin, the second hit my shoulder and the third, fourth and fifth were all over Rays hand as he quickly moved to jerk me to final release. 

As he held me tight jerking my spewing cock onto his tight blackness (a huge contrast with my pearl white cum onto dark black hands), Ray pumped his impressive black cock into my clenching white asshole. After just a half a dozen hard thrusts, Ray clenched my softening cock with his left hand and buried his cock into my ass. Ray Screamed, "John, I cumming, take my cock!" I pushed back as best I could as that purple headed invader unloaded its very hot cum into my asshole. It was wonderful. He came for nearly a minute breathing into my ear and whispering, "Your ass is the best I've had". "I have never cum this much", and "for a first timer, you are a natural."

So as we lay on the bed, my cock still dripping cum and Ray's spent monster still seated up my ass, the room just smell of sex. We didn't say anything or pretend that it was just more than sex, we just laid there panting and thinking about just was happened. Within a few minutes, Ray's cock shrank enough and stopped twitching and he slid out with a pop. As his black cock rested against my lower ass cheek, all the cum Ray deposited in my ass started to seep out in a line recoating his cock and making a puddle onto the sheets.

Ray, having obviously liked what he saw, grabbed his softening cock and smeared all the juices over himself and my cheeks. Once he was satisfied with his "signature", he pushed me onto my back and proceeded to eat the cum left on my chest. Ray definitely like the taste of my cum.

And just as quickly as it began, it was over. I grabbed Ray's now flaccid cock covered in cum and my man-pussy and said stupidly, "Can't wait till next time." Ray found his clothes as my ass stretched from his black monster released his seed down my leg and in small drops on the floor as I walked over to the door with him. You could tell where I walked by the drops of sperm I left behind me. 

Ray said, "you were a great fuck!" and with that the door closed and he left. I looked at the bed spotted with fluids and couldn't help myself but reach down to my ass and see how stretched he made me. With all his cum matted on my hairs, I could easily fit my entire four fingers up my ass. I just smiled—until the next time.