 Hey guys! I decided to write something different. One of my Dom friend requested that i write her a fanfic, so here i am.

For those of you who don't know, Dramatical Murder is a gay yaoi game where the main character Aoba and his dog Ren face difficulties and also, lots and lots of sex.

Ren is a robot dog in simple terms, with an incredibly deep voice. He can also turn into a human.

This is not bestiality, nor do I encourage it.

That being said, please enjoy c:

***

Ren was a beast. A dog.

Well, more than just a dog. He was my bitch. Is my bitch.

I could have him writhing under my fingers in seconds. In fact, a perfect example of this was yesterday night, when Ren refused to have sex.

Ren said it was because he was tired, and didn't feel like acting like something he wasn't. He said he was dominant. He was the alpha.

Oh god, he was going to get it. 

"I'll show you just how submissive you can be.." I muttered, leaning into him and breathing the taunting words into his ear.

His eyes rolled back into his head and he struggled to hold back a moan. I smirked; Ren was so close to turning into a begging puppy. 

I lightly stroked your hand over his chest, my fingers drifting tauntingly over his sensitive nipples that were only covered by a thin shirt.

"Ah..." Ren's breath hitched and he whimpered. "Stop..I..I can't control myself.." 

I laughed softly. He was nothing but a bitch.

I removed my hands and stood back, looking at what had become of the big "alpha" dog from just a few caresses.

Ren was draped over the kitchen counter, his hips jutting out and rolling into the air. He whimpered, biting his lip and drooling down his chin. His nipples were peaked visibly along his well-toned chest, and his spiked blue hair was a mess.

"Please," gasped Ren, "Please please I need you to touch me..." He trailed off and his knees shook.

I frowned. 

"Take off your pants and bend over," I commanded, and he shuddered.

Ren's tight ass was exposed and waiting, wanting. 

Ren moaned and rested his head against the cool counter. He slowly thrust into the wooden drawers, he didn't care as long as he got some feeling to his dick. 

I stalked closer to him and sighed. Eager puppy.

Ren yelped when my hand made contact with his needy ass. Over and over again I tortured the quivering mass of muscle. 

He cried out at the stinging heat of my hand smacking his ass. 

"Wh- why," he stammered, tears in his eyes, "it hurts," he whimpered as I slapped his red ass.

"Please, what?" I asked teasingly, "You're my bitch. Act like one."

He nodded over and over, desperate for the real pleasure to start. 

"Yes master. Please master, I need you to fuck me. I need it please.." He trailed off, his face nearly as red as his ass.

"You need me to do what?" I asked quietly, gently rubbing his hips and his rosy ass, " I can't do it unless you tell me everything."

His breath hitched and he shook with embarrassment. 

"Master please," he begged softly, "don't make me say it.." 

"Did I stutter?"

"No master," Ren breathed in deeply, "I want you to bend me over and fuck me with your kinky toys. I want master to shove his fingers in my ass and make me scream. I want you to slap my ass and jerk my dick until I cry out and beg for more." Ren blushed and moaned.

I smiled. My point was proven and now it was time to have fun.

I reached into the drawer and found Ren's toy.

It was about seven inches in length and three inches around. It had several intensities, and I loved torturing his sweet ass with it over and over.

I flipped Ren over so he was facing me and I pointed the vibrator at his plush lips.

"Suck it," I commanded.

Ren whimpered and leaned forward, taking the length into his mouth. He slowly worked it into his mouth and groaned. His spit dripped out around his lips that were stretched wide to accommodate. 

Once it was covered in his drool I tugged it from his mouth; smirking when he groaned at its loss. 

I switched it to the lightest intensity, set on making Ren writhe and moan. I was going to tease the shit out of my puppy. 

I spread his legs wide, and turned him to bend over the counter once more. I parted his ass, and gently set the tip of the vibrator against the inside.

He jerked and moaned, crying out as he bucked against my hand, needing more contact.

"Oh..master please!" Ren cried out in that deep sensual voice of his, "more! Please master!"

"Just remember when you wake up," I warned, " that you asked for it."

"When I wake up, master?"

"Yeah, because I'm gonna fuck you so hard and so fast and so deep, that you'll black out from pleasure." 

Ren cried out and begged for it. He begged to be filled and stretched wide.

I roughly shoved the entire vibrator into his ass at once, thrusting it in at a punishing pace. He could only moan and whimper. There was nothing he could do but sit there and take it.

"Ah..ah..oh master.."

Ren moaned loudly as I deliberately jabbed that spot deep inside of him that drove him wild with need.

"I..I'm close master," he sighed in ecstasy, "please.."

"You want to come?" I teased, slowing the hard thrusts, "do you want to come so bad it hurts?"

"Yes master," he panted, " faster, harder, deeper, I need it buried inside me."

I rolled the thick vibrator inside of him and went as deep as I could.

"Like that?"

"Yeah..oh" he moaned, "just like that.."

Ren began to shake, and I knew he wouldn't last long. 

I went as fast and hard as I could, pounding deep inside of his ass.

"Come," I commanded.

Ren moaned and rocked against me, "Yes, master."

Ren jerked and came, spraying himself in the white liquid, droplets hitting him in the face, splashing across his plush lips. Small beads of come dripped at an ooz out of his dick, dribbling onto the counter, and I grinned.

He shuddered and slumped over the counter. He muttered something under his breath.

"What was that?"

"I said," he gasped, turning to look at me in the eyes, come slicked across his face, "that I'm your bitch."

"Damn right."

***

Yeah.

So.

That was obviously just a quick jerk, and I do not own DMMD, if I did, there would be less death and more sex. c:

Kisses, 

-Rush