 I gained consciousness slowly, the world around me drifting in and out of coherence. I was lying on my back and the room was very quiet, save for the beeping of the heart monitor sitting next to the bed. The lights were dim and all I could make out in the gloom were the faint cream squares of the ceiling tiles above me, like a checkerboard in one muted color.

Attempting to sit up, I found I couldn't, as if my muscles had forgotten how to function properly. I opened my mouth to call out, ask someone where I was. I mean, besides the obvious fact that I was in a hospital. My vocal chords didn't seem to want to work either. I shut my eyes and tried to remember before the blackness from which I had emerged only moments before. There was nothing. 

A name....can I even remember a name? Nothing. Nothing at all. The door abruptly opened and an older man in a white lab coat stood there. He froze in the doorway, clearly surprised.

"Mr. Brennan, you're awake?" 

He seemed startled, but framed his statement as a question. I nodded my head, opened my mouth and, after what seemed like a herculean effort, replied.

"Yes. Ummm, yes, it seems like it..." 

My own voice sounded strange, foreign to me. I opened my mouth again.

"Mr. Brennan... yes. John Brennan, that's me." 

It came to me in a flash, but the rest was still empty. No recollection of anything else. Not what had happened, how I'd ended up in a hospital, nothing.

"Yes, Mr. Brennan. That's your name - we found a wallet when we found your body." 

He moved to the heart monitor and pulled a blood-pressure cuff from a small compartment on the side of the beeping machine. He secured it around my arm and began pumping it full of air.

"My body?" I was struggling to connect the words he was saying to anything meaningful. It was as if my brain were trying to swim through jelly. The pressure on my arm was the only thing preventing me from slipping back into blackness.

"I...uh.... I'll get Cody in here. He's been taking care of you..." he paused, "He can explain the rest." The doctor finished checking my blood-pressure and hurried out of the room, clearly uncomfortable.

John Brennan. I repeated it to myself over and over. No matter what else I would or wouldn't remember, at least I had a name. At least I knew, in some small way, who I was. I closed my eyes again, this time not feeling as if I would slip back into nothing, but still extraordinarily exhausted. I had been resting my eyes for a short time when I heard the door open again. A young man strode in wearing green scrubs, looking intently at me. I could feel the breath catch in my throat - he was gorgeous.

He stood about six feet even off the ground. His features were completely masculine, his cheekbones were defined and his jaw looked strong enough to crush concrete. His eyes sparkled a light shade of blue; it was like watching the sun glint off a Caribbean sea. He was sporting some facial hair, wrapping around his chin and up to his sideburns, but it was short and neat, the same fawn color as the top of his head, the hair there done stylishly up in a faux-hawk. He beamed at me with bleach-white teeth. "Hi John, I'm Cody Reynolds." His voice was deep and reassuring.

I stuck out my hand, awestruck, and shook his. I smiled back at him and instantly felt at ease. "Hi Cody," I replied, getting used to speaking again.

"I've been taking care of you since you came here to Memorial Hospital." He pulled up a chair next to the bed. "I'm sure you have a ton of questions, I'm here to answer all of them." He smiled warmly again and put his hand on my arm reassuringly. My heart skipped a beat, he was warm and I could feel strength pulse beneath his skin when he touched me.

"I—I'm not really sure how I got here... Where did I come from?" I felt stupid even asking the question, feeling the answer should have been obvious, especially to me.

"You had an accident, remember?"

"An accident?" My mind was racing, was that why I couldn't sit up? Fear seized me at the thought of being paralyzed. "What kind of accident?"

"You were shot..." Cody looked almost pained to say it, as if he himself had been shot as well. "One of our EMTs was called anonymously to a street corner, that's where we found you. You were bleeding really bad, we weren't sure if you would make it for a while. Eventually Dr. Gibson, that was who was in here just a little bit ago, got you stabilized but you didn't wake up. We found a wallet with you, but the license and credit cards had all been taken out, the money too of course. All that was left for identifying you was a medical alert card telling us you were allergic to penicillin. No address, no phone number, nothing. We aren't even sure if you're from around here. You're saying you don't remember anything at all?" 

My head was reeling. It was all too much information to take in at once. Questions circled around in my head faster than I could apprehend them. "Where was I shot?" It seemed a stupid question compared to all the others I had, but it was the one that sort of tumbled out of my mouth.

"You were shot in the head, but don't worry, you're still as pretty as you were before the accident. Our cosmetic surgeon made sure there was no major damage to your face or head - the bullet grazed the side of your skull but still broke it apart in a fairly extensive way." 

My hand instinctively reached up to touch my face, but I found it was hard to make it move at all. Still terrified at the thought of being paralyzed, Cody must have read and interpreted the fear on my face, "Don't worry; I'm fairly certain you're not paralyzed. We'll have to run a few tests, but you'd be amazed how fast muscle can atrophy." My brain stopped spinning with his last statement, one single question remaining, standing out from the fog.

"How long have I been out?"

"Two months." 

I felt a weight settle onto my chest and found myself struggling to take in air. Two months? I had lost two months of my life and woken up with no recollection of who I was before the accident, save my name.

"I....I think I need some time alone...." I stammered. Cody's smile faded, but he recovered quickly and left the room, telling me to call him if I needed anything. After the door closed, a wave of exhaustion swept over me and I couldn't keep my eyes open any longer. I lay my head back on the pillow, not even aware that I had succeeded in lifting it, and drifted off to sleep, letting the black overtake me once again.

 * * * * * *