 Ray surprised me when he called then next day. "Hi John! Just wanted to see if you wanted to go out and have a few drinks about 9 tonight over in the warehouse district? My treat!" 

"Hey Ray! Sure, I'll meet you there." It was that simple of a post-sex conversation from the prior night where Ray fucked my ass so hard I shot off involuntarily all over the both of us.

It was 3:30 in the afternoon when he called. I still has a red asshole after he used my bottom last night but after I hung up the phone, my cock twitched. I had gotten rock hard in under 30 seconds!

While I was not in love with Ray, I firmly knew the night would involve another session of sex, or at least that were the scenarios I was playing out in my head over the next five and a half hours. I thought of sucking him until he came in my mouth. I pictured him jerking me off onto his face. I really wondered if he would fuck me again.

Whereas last night was an unexpected surprise, tonight would entail more planning and preparation. So I took a clippers and cut the bush around my cock to less than ¼ inch in length. I then proceed to shave my asshole smooth along with any hair on my shaft to its base. I trimmed my sack hairs very short, but not so short that they would prick Ray if he wanted to suck me again.

As I was doing this preparation, my cock the entire afternoon never seemed to soften. I walked around my place wearing only a t-shirt proudly letting my cock hang out in the open and dripping precum. I actually had a pair of shorts on for an hour only to notice that I had a large wet area in the front where my excitement kept leaking out. So knowing that I was just to keep leaking juices, I chucked the pants and paraded around glancing glimpses of my trimmed and shaven groin.

I jumped in the shower at 8:30, put on my jeans and a new t-shirt, shoes, and headed out the door. Since I never have worn underwear, I tucked my shirt in to make sure my cock would not leak through my jeans. 

I arrived about five minutes early and Ray was already there waiting. He had a whiskey in his hands and already had finished one. I ordered one and we sat at the bar drinking and making small talk for about a half hour. As the drinks loosened us up, we moved from the bar to a set of chairs near the back. 

Ray sat down and glanced around before he said, "Are we OK?" "I really enjoyed you and the sex we had last night." I glanced down a little embarrassed, "Ray we are good. Tell you the truth, ever since you called I wondered what the night holds in store?" I looked up at Ray and almost together we smiled and both chuckled at each other like old friends.

We sat there for about an hour and a half drinking and reflecting on the evening before. "Ray, I have to tell you, you really had my number last night. I couldn't believe how hard and big you are!"

"John, I really like your naked body, you are really chiseled. When we were lying in bed all I could think about was sucking and fucking you!" 

My response to Ray has been etched into my mind to this day, "Ray, when I started licking that purpled headed cock of yours, I just hoped that it wouldn't be the last! I was glad you called. All afternoon I was playing out different scenarios of what we might do next."

Ray smiled liked he just won the lottery. "John, I'm just looking for sex and a friend, and I thought we might want to see where it goes. The reason I called today was that I was hoping we could get off on each other tonight. I was thinking about how your cock shot off when I was fucking you. It was the most exciting thing I've ever had happen with a fuck buddy!"

My cock was twitching. With the drinks and conversation, I felt sticky in my pants due to the precum leaking all over. I had to piss and to make sure I wasn't embarrassing myself by having a big wet spot in front of my jeans in public. I told Ray, "Wow, I'm up for whatever we feel comfortable with, so let's say you order me one more drink before we leave for a continuation of last night?"

I got up and I heard Ray quickly order me another whiskey the both of us. When I got into the bathroom, I realized I couldn't piss until my cock calmed down. I went into an open stall and waited for enough excitement to subside. It took about three minutes of thinking about school, paying bills, and anything that doesn't involves Ray's hard black cock in my hands.

Just as I finished pissing, I turned around and there was Ray. I guess he wondered what had become of me. I hadn't even zipped up. I just stood there with my hands on my belt and cock hanging out. Ray had a drink in one hand and with his free hand just casually reached over and grabbed my cock! I looked at Ray who was smiling from ear to ear, and my cock went back to being a rock pillar pointing right at him.

Ray said, "Thought you got lost so I wanted to make sure you hadn't changed your mind." And just as quick as it started, Ray turned around sipping his drink leaving me there just holding my pants up. As my shock wore off, I put my t-shirt over my hard cock and tucked it back into my moist jeans. I went back to where Ray and I were drinking and finished my whiskey. Ray then asked, "So where do you want to go?" Like a horny teenager I quickly responded, "Ray let's go back to my place since it is closer." 

We paid the bar bill and drove the five minutes to my trailer. Once inside, I poured another round of drinks for Ray and myself. As I was pouring the drinks, Ray was shedding his clothes. Tonight there was no wondering if sex might happen between us. Ray took off his shirts and was down to his unbuttoned pants. As I handed the drink to Ray, either by "accident" or practice, Ray's pants fell to the floor. He stood there complete naked with his pants around his ankles.

As Ray stepped out of this remaining clothes, he looked at me. I took inventory of Ray, his chest, muscular legs and his purple headed cock fully erect with his cock veins pulsing. His deep black shaft just twitched up and down as if to draw attention to itself. 

Once I fixated on Ray's cock, I dropped to my knees and put the drink on the floor. I placed one hand on his shaft and the other on his ball sack. As I felt the pressure in his balls and the heart beat in his shaft, I began to kiss his purple head. Thinking back, it was more like worshiping his black cock alternating between kissing and sucking it. I repositioned my hands and reached around to hold his ass checks and began to put as much of his cock into my mouth as would fit.

I sucked Ray's head as far back into my throat as I could before I felt like I would choke. When I could look up, I saw Ray's eyes were closed and his mouth slightly open. Ray was muttering in his state of ecstasy, "suck me John, make me cum, lick my balls". Since it was not polite to talk with a mouth full of pulsating black cock, I just moaned and reached forward to fondle his ball sack. I could feel and hear his breathing quicken so I concentrated on his purple head. I started sucking just on the head and jacking his shaft up and down. As I was sucking, I used my tongue to probe the slit on his head and ran my hand that was stroking his veiny cock farther back to his asshole. Using the spit from my blowjob, I lubricated his ass and proceeded to massage and probe him while continuing to concentrate on his huge head firmly locked in my mouth.

As I fingered Ray's asshole and sucked him, he started becoming more vocal. "Suck my cock! I want to cum in your hot mouth." He had long finished his drink and now had both of his hands behind my head fucking my mouth as I keep two fingers up his ass. "John, you are going to make me cum in your little white mouth. I want you to eat my cum John! Ah, I can feel my balls getting ready to release. Fuck my asshole with your fingers, MORE!" 

Ray fucked my face and just as I got three fingers into his clenching ass when he yelled, "I'M CUMMING". Within a second, he held my head tight and pushed as much of his big black cock into mouth as I could take. He went rigid and his asshole clamped on my fingers so hard I thought he might break them off inside him. As he screamed out, the first stream of cum shot so forceful into my mouth it felt as if he had a gun with a bullet in my mouth.

Ray came with a second stream, then a third and finally a fourth. Ray's cum was sweet with a lightly salty taste and not thick at all. Ray had cum so much some of his fluid leaked outside of both sides of my mouth. I definitely could not swallow all he released into my sucking mouth.

Ray held my head on his pulsing and slowly shrinking shaft as the afterglow of his sexual release began to settle in resulting in his asshole finally releasing my fingers. With both hands free and Ray's softening black cock still twitching softy in my mouth, I massaged his balls and gently stroked his shaft coaxing the last few drops of his cum onto my tongue as he smiled down at me panting like a horse who just ran a derby.

I cleaned Ray's cock with my mouth as he said, "that was great, but we're not done!" I rose up and Ray came near me and licked both streams of his cum that had dripped out of the corners of my mouth. He didn't kiss me, as in fact, we never kissed. This was about sex.

As he cleaned up his cum, he pulled my shirt off throwing it somewhere in the room, unbuckled my pants and pushed them onto the floor, and wrapped his hand around my cock. He stroked me for just a few minutes making sure that he used the precum leaking out of my smaller white cock as lubricant. Ray then proceeded to push me onto the bed on my back. I thought he was going to just start sucking my cock, but instead he laid on his side next to me and started to rub my cock and balls. 

I looked over at Ray's body, and he was full of sweat from his release into my mouth. Yet, his cock was still three-quarter erect and shiny from his cum and my spit. As I was admiring his body, Ray moved his head over to my chest and started sucking on my nipples as he jacked me off. With his free hand, he pinched one nipple as he sucked on the other. 

Ray's sucking on my nipples were like electric volts heading to my head and mostly to my aching, leaking cock. I never had a woman suck on me like that, so when Ray worked his manly skills on my body, I jumped every time he sucked me. Ray's actions felt like my whole body was going to explode in a life-ending orgasm, and just when I felt I would pass out from the pleasure, Ray stopped and moved down between my legs. As I looked down, Ray moved my legs apart and laid down between my legs with his head resting on my left leg. Once again, he grabbed my cock and rubbed the leaking head across his lips gently flicking the tip with his tongue.

Then as if a movie was fast forwarded, Ray's soft demure went to aggressive. He sat up and took my entire cock into his mouth. I could feel the head hit the back of his throat as his nose bottomed against my pubic bone. Ray sucked me hard, very hard while wrapping the base of my cock with his long black fingers. It was such a contrast, Ray's jet black hands against my wintertime white skin. 

Ray was sucking me so wildly he was not worrying about being neat. His spit combined with my pre-cum, dripped into small pools down my ball sack and all over my ass. Ray was making animal like noises as he sucked me to near orgasm. I could barely speak as his actions just made me sweat. I could only groan and pant, but I remember when I told Ray, "I want to cum on your cock, I'm so close!" 

Ray sensing the growing size of my cock in his mouth, knew I wasn't lying. He rolled on his back next to me with his cock really rigid once again. As he laid there, he grabbed his own cock and began to stroke. I rose over him and brought my cock near his and copied his movements. With my cock being soaked in Ray's spit, I rubbed my shaft against his shaft, my pink cockhead across his purple cockhead, and my white ball sack up and down his dark, hanging black balls.

We worked our own cocks for just a minute or two before I told Ray, "I'm going to shoot all over your BIG BLACK COCK!" Ray just pumped his own cock faster and harder and said, "Give me your white cum all over me!"

Just as he finished saying that, I shot the first stream all over his strong black shaft as he was bringing his hand down from rubbing his purple head. As I shot on him a huge load, Ray moved his hand all down his shaft using my cum as his lubricant! I shot a second equally large jet onto his cock jerking hand, which he as if on a cue, turned it around to make sure as much of the dripping juices were on his shaft and he went back to pumping his oh so impressive cock. 

It was a sight that is never forgotten as my white cum in small spots hanging all over his now very erect black cock as it shinned with a layer of my cum as his lubricant. There were a few drops all over his balls with one strand hanging off his sack and nearly dripping into the sheets. Ray's eyes were open, just transfixed on my still cumming white cock.

He said right before I shot the second stream that he wanted the rest in his mouth. I tried my best to move over his belly and near his open mouth, but fell a little short as part of the third stream hit his nose, some in his mouth and the rest on this chin and dribbling down his neck. I just kept moving my cock up to Ray's open mouth and shoved my now spent cock into his waiting, wet and warm opening.

As Ray sucked the final drops from me, I looked down at his face. Here was a very dark and built black man with my white cock spasming in his sucking mouth. He had cum now dripping past his nose and down his cheek. My balls were in my own cum resting on each side of his chin. It was one of the most pleasurable orgasms I ever had as he kept sucking every last drop from me whirling his tongue on my cock head.

As I looked back, Ray was still stroking his cock. The small room of the trailer smelled of cum and the panting and sweat from our bodies produced a musky odor that would give any male an instant erection. As Ray sucked me, I initially thought he might have paused his furious jacking of his cock. He hadn't. 

His cock was not only erect, but seemed to have gotten bigger than I had ever seen. It was glistening in the lamp light and I could see a new round of precum leaking from its slit. Ray stopped for a minute sucking me clean and put me on my back to catch my breath. He got off the bed for a minute to look into a mirror. In the reflection, he gathered any drops of cum on his face and pushed them into his mouth. What remained, just glowed off his jet black skin.

Ray said after he cleaned up my mess, "Let's keep going!" He crawled back in bed, his long black cock swaying between his legs. The purple head was again engorged and it seemed like it was pointing directly at my mouth. Ray's oral work after I came in his mouth, kept my cock near hard. It seemed however, that Ray wanted to make us both cum again before he left me.

With him now between my open legs, he used my cum from his stroking hand as a lubricant for my asshole. I bent my knees up and Ray put a pillow under my ass to give him better access to my bottom. He concentrated both hands on me rubbing my cock and balls with one hand but also keeping one hand busy working on my asshole. He massaged my anal opening with the cum to get it all slippery. Ray then took one of his large and long black fingers and pushed them past the resistance of the muscle. He worked it in and out while stroking my cock.

As soon as he could feel that my cock was responding, and who wouldn't, he inserted a second finger. He worked them in unison and seemed to be probing the walls for something. He was looking for my prostate and when he found it, he concentrated his probing fingers on it sending my cock back to a completely rigid state of no return. Ray then lowered his mouth onto my cock and continued to get me back to a highly excited state.

I thought Ray was going to suck me off when he asked, "Ready for a surprise?" All I could do in that dazed state was utter "Yeah!" He took the fingers out of my ass and spit into that hand. He then placed the spit and cum lube against his own asshole pushing in as much as he could. He rose over my stretched out form and lowered himself over my erect white cock. He grabbed my cock covered in his spit and rubbed it against his own asshole making sure it was fully coated. As he did this, Ray increased the downward pressure until my cock popped into his asshole!

I wasn't aware that Ray like to fuck like this, but he said, "I'm not much into having my ass fucked but your cock looks like it is the right size for what I like!" With that, Ray pushed down and my smaller white boy cock was buried inside Ray as his black monster pointed straight at my face leaking its ample volume of precum. Once fully in Ray, stated "that feels GREAT!" He didn't move. Ray just put his head slightly back and started to stroke his cock pointing it at my face.

As he stroked, he murmured "this is so fucking hot, just let me enjoy this for a minute." I just put my hands on his ass cheeks and held him there trying to fight the urge to thrust into him. As Ray stroked, his enjoyment seemed to grow and he began to move slowly up and down. Soon he was pulling up just high enough to keep my pink head in his ass and then thrusting his ass down to the bottom. Ray was fucking me for his enjoyment. As I watched, Ray's cock stroking grew faster and his breathing became quicker.

Ray must have been lost in his thoughts of sexual release as I began to push up into his willing ass. I was fucking him slowly until he opened up his eyes while clamping down hard at the base of his own cock. He was obviously ready to cum again.

Ray slowly got up as my cock made a small popping noise when it was released by his asshole. Ray backed up about three feet and pushed my legs up into a missionary position. Ray then lined his cock up to my asshole and slowly pushed in. Where last night his fucking had made me sore, it also seemed to leave me much looser. His purple head popped in and he went from guiding it into me to putting his hands on my hips ready to fuck me. 

As he reached for my hips he was continuing his invasion into my willing ass and soon half of his black cock was up my white ass. I gasp as if the air was being pushed out of me when he grabbed strongly onto my hips and buried the rest of his cock into my bottom. Ray rested there, eyes closed as he breathed heavily. He opened his eyes and looked down at our crotches; mine propped up with a pillow and his with his ass cheeks clenched holding his cock all the way in me.

Ray then kept watching as he extracted his cock until all but his purple head had been withdrawn. He owned my ass. He used his muscled black hands to dig into my hips and just thrust his entire cock into me with no consideration. I must admit, it hurt a little but I would never had told him to stop or slow up. Ray took the cue from dominating me and proceeded to just fuck me in and out for all he was worth.

So here were two men, just fucking for sex. A white man on the bottom with his legs now wrapped around a midnight black man thrusting his purple headed large black cock up a white asshole. Ray just fucked me for a good five minutes. All the while, his large black cock rubbing my prostate and making my own cock drip more and more precum. I reached down and stroked my cock the best I could as Ray powerfully thrust into me. 

Ray began quickening his pace and I knew that he was getting ready to blow his monster in me for the second time in as many days. As he just fucked me, he was dripping sweat onto my body. It ran down his head and across his ample chest. His frame was shining in the back lights of the room as I just enjoyed the fucking of a lifetime. Ray's pumping just suddenly stopped and he held my hips like a pillars with his hands as his cock started to twitch its load of cum deep into my ass. Ray was panting and panting as I stroked my own cock.
