 I looked through the peep hole and saw the Landlord. I realized then that my Girlfriend probably didn't pay the rent with the money I gave Her before She moved out.

"Good morning Mr. James. What can I do for You?" I said answering the door with a smile.

Without a word, He walked in and say at my table.

Closing the door, I asked, "Is there a problem?"

"You've been a great tenant, Scott. Never had any issues with You." He said looking me in the eyes as I joined Him at the table.

Before I could say anything, He continued, "I've been informed that Your Woman left. That means You have a problem!"

"Let me guess, She didn't give You the rent money I gave Her?" I said with a sigh.

"Rent MONEY? No!, He quipped. "She hasn't given me any MONEY for rent! She hasn't given me any MONEY for rent in 8months actually!"

"8 MONTHS!?" I blurted out. She hasn't paid for rent in 8 months? I've been giving Her the money the last Friday of every month and She hasn't been paying You?!"

He say back in the chair, "She has given me no money for 8 months...but She HAS been paying me!"

My shock turned to confusion and I just stared at Him. My mind started going through a mash of the past 18months with Her, the past 4days since She left, my Landlord telling me that She wasn't giving Him the rent money, but She was paying Him.

He leaned back and spoke up, "Your Woman has been paying rent by sucking my dick!"

My mind went blank except for an image of my Girlfriend on Her knees sucking my Landlords cock.

"Are You telling me, instead of giving You the rent money on the first of the month She would suck You off?!" I managed to ask.

"That's not what I'm saying." He said with a grin. "She was sucking my dick daily. She was a good cock-sucker, but not good enough to pay for this place with one blow!"

I guess I had the image stuck in my head of Her kneeling between His legs, Her head bobbing on His dick...I didn't realize it looked like I was staring at His crotch.

About the time He unzipped and pulled out His cock, I snapped back to reality. My eyes went wide seeing His half-hard cock. 

I've done my share of experimenting in my teens...heck, I even shared a couple cocks with my lying, cheating, thieving Girlfriend! Sucking cock for money was something else, and that's what I was faced with.

"This is a one-time offer, Scott." Mr. James said quietly. "Otherwise, You have 4days to hand me the rent money PLUS late fee, otherwise You're out!"

It look longer for me to think about the fact that I had no way to get the money than it did to get on my knees and take His cock in my mouth.

He rested a hand on the back of my head and controlled the pace and depth of my sucking. Slow for about 5 minutes, then speeding up. After 15minutes, He had a handful of my hair and was slamming His hard cock down my throat. Another 5 minutes and He slammed my head down shoving His cock deep down my throat. He cock swelled and pumped glob after glob of cum into my belly.

I managed to pull back enough to get my breath. He kept ahold of my hair so I slowly sucked the until He released His grip.

I sat back on my feet and wiped my slobber from my chin.

He got up and put His cock away as He walked to the door. "See You tomorrow." He said as He walked out the door.

The next morning, I thought I was in the clear as I walked to the door to head to work. I opened the door and saw Mr. James coming down the hall.

I took a couple steps back. He shut the door behind Him. I got on my knees as He pulled out His cock. 

15minutes and a load of cum down my throat, We walked out together and Off to work I went.

I did my best to concentrate on work. The day flew by. I went home to my empty apartment. I rearranged things of mine to fill the holes where Her things had been.

The next day started out the same as the last...a load of cum down my throat.

For the next 2 weeks, the only day Mr' James didn't show up for the 'daily rent payment' was Sundays'

The next weekend was a 4-day holiday weekend for me. Mr. James informed me that I would have to make it up when I got back. I figured I could handle a few more blowjobs in a week.

The long weekend ended up with me reluctantly bringing my Baby Sister, Destiny, back with me. She was the "problem Child" of the Family and after graduating HighSchool, She just wasn't doing anything. Our Parents asked me to 'do what I could' with Her. I wasn't sure how I was gonna keep Her oblivious to my 'rental agreement'...but I've always believed in Family first.

I sent Destiny up to my place. I stopped by Mr. James room to let Him know the 'payments' would have to be made somewhere else. I told Him that My Baby Sister would be living with me for a while.

After a load down my throat, He let me know that I had the week to get things arranged, and that He was gonna be bringing a few associates by on Saturday.

I thought for sure I was out on the streets. The whole week I was stressed. Not only from my Baby Sister, but from the unknown coming Saturday.

I sent Destiny to the Movies late Saturday morning with a little extra cash and told Her to spend a few hours out and about. I knew it would likely end up bad, but what could I do.

Not 10minutes after She left, there was a knock on my door. I let in Mr. James and 3 others.

They took seats at random areas around my apartment. "You're behind on rent." Mr. James announced. "It's time to make it up."

I looked around at each Man in my apartment, thinking about how sore my jaw was about to get.

I noticed the Man on my couch had His cock out, so I went to Him and began sucking. Almost immediately, I felt my pants being unbuttoned and pulled down.

I lifted my head to ask what was going on. My head was grabbed and pushed back down onto the cock. My pants were pulled off and I felt a finger slide into my ass.

I heard movement and voices behind me. My shirt was pulled off me. I was coaxed backwards. The Man from the couch laid on the floor and pulled my head slamming His cock back into my mouth.

I again felt a finger press into my ass, then a second. Moments after they were taken out, I felt something larger pressing against my asshole. Slowly a cock was worked into my virgin ass.

Within minutes, my ass was being pounded as deeply as my throat. 

It took about 20minutes for my ass to get filled with its first load of cum. After he pulled out, it took only seconds for another to get shoved in. 

As my ass was getting pounded by a 2nd cock, my mouth was filled with cum. I sucked Him dry and swallowed it all.

He slid from under me and I was unsure of where the 4th Man was gonna want to shoot His load.

I was beginning to really enjoy the ass fucking I was getting. With my face on the floor and my ass up I began stroking my cock. After about 5 minutes, my hand was pushed off my cock. I felt someone slide under me and begin sucking my cock. It was unexpected but felt really good. 

The cock unloaded in my ass and was replaced with another. My head was lifted and I began sucking the cock in front of me.

One man was in my ass and another was sucking my cock. There was a 5-/50 chance that the cock currently in my mouth had been in my ass.

I was on my hands and knees being pounded hard. At the same time, my cock was being sucked. I saw Mr. James come up next to me. I reached out and began stroking Him.

I tried to pump my cock into the mouth of the man sucking me. Then I noticed He was beginning to bounce, then whimper. It didn't sound much like A Mans voice.

The cock in my mouth unloaded down my throat. He came alot and some dribbled down my chin. I angled over to suck Mr. James and to try to get a look at who was sucking my cock.

My ass got filled with another load of cum. As He got up, I noticed there was another Man fucking whoever was sucking my cock. He had Their legs up and was slamming them hard. Then I noticed the toenails were painted. It appeared to be a Woman.

Since my ass was empty, for now, I started pumping into the Womans mouth as Mr. James pumped into mine.

The Man fucking the Woman blew His load deep into Her about the time Mr. James shot down my throat.

The 4 Men sat back and watched me throat-fucking the Woman. She reached up and slipped 3 fingers into my ass. She began jerking me down, making me fuck Her face harder. 

It 15 minutes of that and I unloaded down Her throat. She continued sucking as Mr. James climbed between Her legs and began fucking Her.

The man that Had fucked Her came and stood in front of me. I began sucking Him. The combination of the taste of Her pussy still on His cock and Her still sucking mine began to get me hard again. 

I reached down and took ahold of Her hair. As the Man slid His cock down my throat, I did the same to Her.

This lasted 20 minutes. At the same time cum was shot down my throat, I shot mine down Hers.

Mr. James continued to fuck Her. One of the other Men was sitting on the couch and motioned me over.

I got up and walked to Him. "Have a seat on my cock."

I turned and sat on His cock. I began riding Him, taking His cock as deep as I could. I had quickly began to enjoy getting ass fucked.

One of the Men has squatted onto the Womans face while Mr. James continued to fuck Her. I could barely make out Her tongue licking His asshole while She reached around and stroked Him.

Mr. James unloaded into Her shortly before my ass got another load. The Man squatting on Her face began to grunt as She continued to stroke Him.

As I climbed off, I heard a familiar Female voice say, "Cum on my face!"

I turned in time to see the man unload a huge amount of cum onto Destinys face.

I stood there in shock at the sight of my 18 year old Baby Sister laying there on my floor...covered in sweat and cum. In seconds I thought about the cocks that She and I had just shared...and about the fact that my Baby Sister had just swallowed 2 loads of my cum.

Mr. James and the others got dressed as I stood there with Their cum running out of my ass staring at my naked Baby Sister filled and covered with Their cum.

"You're all caught up, Scott." Mr. James said standing in my doorway. "I'll see You in the morning." He said as He shut the door.

Destiny sat up, the cum running from Her face onto Her ample tits. 

I had not seen my Sister naked since We were Younger. She was only starting to bud then, not like the firm D-cup She has now. She still has the large nipples and bald pussy.

As We both oozed cum onto my floor, all I could do was give Her a confused look.

"I forgot my phone." She said with a smile as She licked the cum from Her upper lip.