 So now it's Micah again. What's up, T?

"Micah is your real name. I want to start being real with you."

Then I'll have to call you Ted all the time...

"Don't change a thing, Micah. You like calling me 'T', and so do I. Besides, this is not your problem, it's mine. You have always been real with me."

In this moment I can think of nothing else I would rather do than to kiss him. We are standing in the kitchen of his place, leaning on stuff. As I lean in to him, Ted wraps his arms around me, and we begin our journey. This kiss is the epic one. It is the one I will remember forever, even if we stop right now and never...

"How can I express my feelings for you?"

You were doing a pretty good job of that!

"I mean in words?"

What do you feel, T? Just tell me, like I will tell you.

"I totally enjoy when we are together. I have never had a...friend...whatever, like you who I could be with 24/7 and not get bored with or pissed off at. You get me! We just...we just get along great. But it's more than that, or I never would have started this. When I'm not with you, I want to be. I think about how I can do that. It's not just buddy stuff, Micah...I..."

He has that lost puppy look and the best thing I can do is nothing at all. He needs to sort out his thoughts, and I need to hear them. Encouragement should help. Ted, your kiss gives me a ton of understanding about your feelings. You're also pretty good with your words, T. It's just you and me, you know.

"I love you, Micah. I know that comes on strong, but it's how I feel."

Let's sit on the couch. There's all kinds of love, T, and it's all good. How do you know what kind you're feeling?

"I've been with chicks, Micah. I've been in love before. This is love. This is more than buddy love. I want to be...to BE with you. I want to feel you in my arms. You. Us. I want there to be an 'Us'. Damn it, Micah, I want to share myself with you... to be your..."

Lover?

"Yes, lover."

Ted has some great qualities. Though I am trying to respond to him logically, I just want to get him into bed and feel my naked body bond with his. Someone has to stand up first. I reach out and he puts his big hand in mine. It's a small apartment, and the only hallway doors must be one for bed and one for bath. I pick one and we go to it.

"You want to shower first?"

How about door number two, T?! My big guy tackles me around the middle, and we fairly fly into his big bed and end up in a heap of ourselves, laughing uncontrollably. I am on my back, mostly, and not too sure how to unwind from the pretzel we are in. Why bother. This feels wonderful to me, and I instinctively know it is wonderful for Ted, too. We kiss. There is an even more connected sense to this than our kitchen kissing; and my mind and body open to him completely. I am his now. He feels it, too. We still have all of our clothes on!

"Undress me, please, Micah. You look surprised."

I am, a bit, Ted. I thought...I just thought that you would want to take me...and...

"I do, Micah, I do, but not that way. I want you to see me for the way I see you. To know that this journey is about us, not just about me having a 'first time'. It's more than sex, Micah. A lot more. I've had...feelings like this before that I never acted on, you know?" 

You can tell me. I reach down and take off my shoes. So does Ted. We scoot up to the headboard and lay facing each other. I feel so close to him. 

"There were lots of guys I kind of had a thing for. Never - Never showed it. I hope not, anyway. That's what I thought then. So this one guy at school, we had the same gym class, and college was almost over for the year. I was just out of the shower and toweling off. He must have seen me looking. He was in his briefs, and about to strip and get cleaned up. He came up to me. 'Hey, dude.' I said hey back." 

And?

"He reached for my towel, and before he could do anything, a couple more guys came in and he backed away real quick. That was it. We never connected. I felt something, Micah. Deep inside of me I wanted to be with him. Wanted him to take off my towel, and back me into the shower, turn on the water, and...and..."

That's hot! Ted is smiling.

"It sure was. I beat off as soon as I got back to my dorm room!" I love his laugh. He doesn't hold back. Big guy let's it out loud and clear.

"Micah. I want you to be that guy tonight. Please take off my clothes. Now, please."

I'm thinking how tender and sweet this man is. This man in bed with me... Ted!

"Yeah?"

I just had a thought. You are making this a 'first time' for me, too! I have never been treated like this. Thank you, Ted. The kiss he places on my mouth hits all the right notes. I start to unbutton his shirt. He lifts his torso and helps me to undress him. When a guy pulls my belt out of his way and then unzips me, I always get a certain feeling. It's like I know he wants to get at my body, and all my tension disappears. I want Ted to feel that. His belt flaps open, and I easily drag the zipper down to its bottom. My fingers graze the top of his briefs, and before he lifts his hips, a soft sigh escapes his mouth. I gaze up at him. He is mouth breathing the way I do when I am all worked up.

"Take them off, Micah." It is not a command. More like a plea.

My guy has on the cutest tightey whities, and some real sad looking sox, which I remove and toss to the floor first. Ted has nice looking feet. I apologize for not having a thing for feet. My thing is pits. His crotch and booty are uppermost in my mind right now...but those pits...

"What do you think? Do I measure up?"

Totally! You are a brick shithouse, T! Get onto your back, and let me have my way with you, and that hunk of a body you live in! Hands behind your head, T, please. I have a fetish to satisfy!

"I remember. Let's see if you can help me feel what you do."

My focus is on Ted. I want to please him completely. This is not about my pleasure. No. That's wrong. My pleasure will come from giving all I can to my man this night. I will be flying high when he does. He's right, and I feel it. This is so much more that just a sexual hookup. This is a bonding. I reach down and cup his crotch in my hand. His briefs are wet. I love the taste of precum. Ted?

"Yes?"

If I start to do something that takes you where you don't want to go...

"Impossible. I have my answer, Micah. It's you!"

Damn. My clothes are still on! I quickly remedy that, and make a split-second decision on a course of action. My bikini briefs are still on. We will be equals. Before I unwrap my package and Ted's, I want us to know that we are more than just a couple of hard cocks and full nuts. Our briefs stay on - for now. My next move may remind one of a snake dance. In the most gentle and loving way my legs start to part his, and to intertwine. No part of my body is still. Hips move toward his. Our bellies touch. My arms slide up his flanks and reach for his hairy chest. Crotches slowly grind together. His arms envelop me, and his hands are at my back, my shoulders, my neck. Hands, big hands at the back of my head. Our gaze is unbreakable. We are looking into our very souls; and with closing eyes we enter another world, not as two, but as one. His hands are at my lower back now. They slip under the band of my briefs and keep on going to their goal. When he cups my butt cheeks I let out a little gasp of anticipation. 

"What's next?"

Kind of lost my focus, T. 

"Lost mine, as well, in the most amazing way possible. Let's lose more of ourselves, Micah, as long as we do it together!"

Spoken like the lover I have dreamed about finding one day.

"Dreams end, Micah. Real is all we have to go with now. I promise to be real with you in every way possible."

Then tell me exactly how to really turn you on, please! Do not hold back, T.

"Okay. Pits first. I showered early and did not use anything. I was hoping to be with you like this, Micah. Let me get my arms up and...Oh! That's hot! Lick it again! Yeah. Nuzzle it. Sooo nice!"

You're stretching out like a fucking cat, T!

"Feels amazing - please, more."

His musk is heavy with a scent that coats my tongue, my face, and my lungs with perfume. My mind is drowning in his fragrance. He is beyond captivating. I am entranced and loving it. The night is still young and I want to make it last. This journey with Ted is all that matters. 

"Micah. I know I'm a big guy and all, but I don't want to push myself on you in any way. I actually want you to...to..."

To make love to you?

"Yes."

So I get a puppy dog in a bears body? He raises his hands like they are paws, sticks out his tongue, and pants like a pound puppy hoping to go home with me. He nods his head up and down quickly a few times, and lunges at my face! Ted has what I will call an educated tongue. Man, his licks feel fantastic! I get a screen shot of some future crotch action...

"Underwear?"

His briefs are now not just spotty wet, they are totally soaked with precum. Going down on them is heavenly. While my ultimate goal is to taste his body without them on...this cum-soaked fabric is like sucking on a piece of firm watermelon. The juice just flows into me and the 'pulp', in this case, is just something to carry it. I reach with both hands to the waistband. Ted lifts his hips. Slowly they peel off his crotch. His bush, full and visually impressive, is moist and tempting. I love a good bush! There is no better way to get the scent of a man into me than to bury my face into his bush and nuzzle his musk into my lungs. Well, it's one way, and I love it!

"Tickles! Gotta pee, Micah."

Like a footballer with a mission, he raises up and I kind of slump onto the bed without him. He steps out of his briefs and heads for the bathroom (door number one). His penis is semi-hard and flops on his big thighs with every step. The guy is huge! And dat ass! My booty dreams are complete. Ted is a feast!

"Sorry."

I'm not. Got a good look at the rest of you. S-T-U-D...I spell it out verbally. He wrestles me in mock battle. We end up like a pretzel again, both super turned on, both very, very hard. Let me guess - eight inches...mine is six and you look about... 

"Nine. On a good day. A day like this!"

He moves into position, his body hovering over mine. 

"My turn."

My briefs get pulled down and off in one strong yet gentle motion. I spring to life and Ted wastes no time. He has an unspoken plan to go down on me his way. His way is fine with me. I remember the first time I went down on a guy. I had seen so many porn videos by then that my mental 'practicing' had made me a great fantasy cocksucker! He lay there waiting. I slid down and nuzzled his closely cropped bush. It felt great! Without hesitating, my hand went to his cock-shaft and my tongue went to his cockhead, licking at it the way I had seen in the porno's. One video guy taught me how to open my throat to take him in deep. It worked. No gagging, just some pretty awesome deep sucking feelings and sounds. Sounds of pleasure from the guy, that is. Ted's attention to my cock pulls me back into the moment.

"Mmmm."

His moan is the sexiest expression of desire and achievement I have ever heard. Ted has me in his mouth. His big hand is massaging my nuts. I won't last long at this rate, and we have a lot to do! Teddy!

"Hummmm?"

As good as this feels, I won't last much longer. Let's take a break and chill, okay? My cock pops out of his mouth. He looks pleased with himself.

"Right. That sure was nice, Micah. Let's cool down before I taste the rest of you!"

Ted is letting go all of his pent up needs. So this is how lottery winners feel! We get up, stay naked, and go back into the kitchen. I sit at the counter shelf and watch him whip up a restaurant-worthy snack in about ten minutes time! This is amazing, T. How did you...

"Been cooking since I was six. Love it. I'll be our cook when we...sorry."

Hey. It's perfect, T. I want it too. We devour the snack and wash it down with a shared energy shake. I stand from the stool. Ted comes round the counter and brushes up to me, bear-hugging my willing body and kissing me with all the passion he's got. We walk back to the bedroom.

"No secrets. I want to get you off first."

I just nod. This is so very new. I am with a man who values me. OMG. I hug his neck and we kiss. He lifts me onto the bed with a strength that seems effortless. He eases me down and eases himself onto me. We pick up where we left off. Ted soon has me rock hard again. My body wants to release. My thoughts run to a possible future where Ted and I live together. The joy of my fantasy spills over into the present, or is it the other way around? His hands are at my belly. Ted. I'm close to my limit. Ted! I know he can hear me. He doesn't stop.

For all the times in my life when I thought I might have found a good man, and was wrong, this time I was right. All he wants to do is please me tonight. The slight tingle I just felt signals that my body is on its eventual rush to release. I squirm just a little to telegraph my condition. Guess I'm not the only one who learns from porn videos. Ted has me on a collision course with an orgasm and he knows it. He doesn't let up! His hand is stroking my shaft; and his mouth is trying to suck the cum from where it is gathering within the depths of my crotch. My whole body feels like it is on fire. It burns from within with a passion I have never felt before. I scream out his name as the river of cream within me begins to rise into my shaft. TED!!

My hips buck uncontrollably and the first rope rips through my cock-slit like a ribbed sound has just been yanked from within it. TED!! That first rope blasts into his mouth, followed by a cascade of five or six more. I feel like passing out from the effort. Tears are gathering in my eyes. I try to control my thrashing about by clutching the sheets in a death grip, but it's no use. My body is on automatic overdrive, and I just give in to its power. 

I want to open my eyes, but it is too soon. My breathing is that of a race horse pushed beyond its abilities. I feel him lower himself onto me in the most tender way; and the two kisses on neck and cheek start to calm my mind. My arms pull him closer. He nuzzles at my neck.

"I love you, Micah. I love you."

There is no doubt in my mind. My rescue is complete. For all that this man means to me, I am having difficulty letting go of my past pain, and just admitting that I love him, too. If I don't do that now... I love you, too, Ted; please believe me. He reaches into a nightstand drawer and takes out a small plush bag. 

"For you." The drawstring opens to reveal a chain with a message tag hanging from it.

'Always remember you are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think, loved more than you know.'

I will wear this every day that I live, Ted, it is the most beautiful gift I have ever received. He wipes some of the tears cascading down my cheeks.

"And I thought I was the best gift!"

The tag bounces on my chest while I laugh and push him down into the bed. He pretends to resist. My seed is in his belly. His will soon be in mine. Going down on a nine inch monster is something I have only seen in videos. My big man is big all over! I've read that large testicles hold a bigger volume of sperm and can recover from a first nutting very quickly. If Ted's inner plumbing is like the rest of him, he probably produces an ocean of sex juice to flush the little guys out of his big full nuts. I may be a pit man, but nut-sucking takes a close second. One ball in, and my mouth feels full. Gotta give Ted the best effort I can. Second ball in and my jaw hurts. 

"Damn! Micah!"

There's not much room for my tongue to maneuver, but I manage to press it against each nut, and make Ted squirm to my efforts. 

"Fuck, this feels good! I haven't cum all week..."

My luck. I am about to get bloated with a volume of fluid enough to satisfy the cravings of four men. No problem - just saying! Having his sperm fill my belly is about the best thought I've had in ages. Now to make it real.

"M...Micah...I gotta blow this load, babe...can't hold on..."

His nuts pop from my mouth one by one. I had been stroking his shaft slowly while they were in my mouth, and now my lips seek out another target. His bulging mushroom cockhead is dripping with precum. It tastes sweet and silky on my tongue. I press the tip of it into his slit and he goes ballistic. I am determined to take Ted's dick deep into my throat, but the size of him worries me a bit. WTF...gonna do it eventually. To my surprise, when I open my throat to him he slides in with ease. All the way down it goes 'til my nose is resting comfortably in his pubes. No gagging. Somehow, I can even still breathe!

"Oh, fuck, Micah...ohhhhh, fuuuucccck! MICAH!"

My turn. I feel like I am on a bucking bronco ride at the cowboy bar as Ted jerks up at his middle. He takes in a breath that draws all the air out of the room. His chest is expanded to its limit. His belly is tight and stretched out flat. When I reach down to support his nuts in my palm, a finger or two grazes his taint and slips down onto his hairy hole. That's all he can stand.

"MICAH! MICAH!! MY GOD...MICAH!!"

His orgasm rocks us both. The ripples of undulating cock-flesh inside of me are like no other to compare with. I am impaled with a feeding hose that is unloading its cargo deep into my belly. Did I just feel the actual squirts? I sure did. Feels like a soft rubber ball is being bounced onto the inside of my throat with each one of his ropes. I count nine in all. Ted collapses his body and sighs. His breathing is rapid. He arches up and grabs me by the upper arms, pulling me down to him, and we kiss. I missed getting his full flavor in my mouth, but his own cock-taste is now in his mouth as well, as our tongues play together. I break off, determined to have his seed on my taste-buds. He shrieks as my lips touch his now oversensitive cockhead and clamp down while I suck the last of his cream from a still engorged shaft. Heavenly. It tastes heavenly. Ted has seeded me, and I love it.

"Guess we both gave as good as we got...?" He is on his elbows, smiling at me.

Equal, Teddy...we are both equal now, and I am not the person I was before you came into my life. I could spend the rest of my life being this happy...sorry. That's a wish, not a plan.

"It's a wish granted; and a perfect plan for happiness for us both, Micah. I want you in my life, not just in my bed. Let's take next weekend and go to my families cabin up in Maine. Just the two of us. What do you say?"

Yes, Ted. I say yes!