 It was like this - I was on a job down under, had three weeks to do a report on the sharks around Melbourne. Of course Kevin played up, first time we have been apart for that long since we met and decided to shack up four years back.

To be frank I really didn't think I would miss Kev so much - it is all very well emailing and texting and the occasional mobile call but it is not the same. I was plainly so horny too, missing it so much that because I was finding it hard to concentrate on my work, I decided to resort to calling a rent boy, it would be so hard to find someone at such short notice for casual sex and anyway, I was rather particular who I shared myself with.

I saw Jason on the gay site, mentioning rent boys I took a gander at the pictures to see if there was a guy I felt I could be with. Jason was so much like Kev, you could almost say he was a double. 

On meeting Jason at a destined place he was curious to know how I found him, when I said he was furious because he had given up being a rent boy a year back.

"Oh! Sorry to have bothered you then," I said giving him the opportunity to decline.

I told him my circumstances, even told him how much he looked like Kev.

"Then you can pretend Huh. I see your aim, mate" he said. "But will he mind you being with me?

Jason, it is his fault I am so like this, and anyway what the eyes cannot see?"

"I'll think about it, mate" he teased, his eyes looking down at me, I could tell what his thoughts were and reckoned I had a good chance of a shag with him.

"So okay, what do you want to do, Pete? Asked Jason.

"I want to fuck you."

"That's explicit enough, I like it - but I meant what is you inclination. I have some pictures here may give you some ideas (I hope) you see it has been a long time for me too." 

I found that hard to believe because he had a great figure and was easy on the eye.

I went through the pictures.

"These of you?" I questioned, not quite being able to see all of him.

"Yep - and the guy is John Boy. We used to shack together before he dumped me a month ago. Have been thinking of doing renting again because it brings in a good income."

"Really, how much you going to charge me then?"

"Depends what you want?"

I told you, a good stiff fuck!"

"Nothing more, like in the pictures? - and in foreplay I can do garnish?"

"Garnish! You lay on meals too?"

He rolled about laughing and pointed out that he did edible paints of all flavours, chocolate sauce and whippy cream. He had one client who liked his willy covered in cold baked beans, but he said he wasn't going to eat all them up 'cos he had to think of the next client and he wouldn't like him farting all over the place!

"It is tempting, very tempting, 'specially the whippy cream, but maybe another time, to be frank all I want if a quick rub and suck , maybe a nice smothering, and a deep gratifying fuck.

"Well in that case call it 60 dollars" he said starting to remove his gear. He looked good in red and blue waisted thong. "That okay, Pete?" he said swaying his hips provocatively. Already I was fancying him like hellfire. "You wanna lay down on the bed so I can kneel over you, head down, would you like that, we can do a sixty nine huh?

This guy was so sweet, almost as if he read my thoughts, my mind was flashing back to when Kev and I did it. He opened wide and , straddled over me, lowered himself as I sniffed him there .looking so firm and beautiful, so tempting too. I placed my hands around his hips and prompted him down into my face, my mouth was fully of thong covered very firm and primed cock.

"Divine, really divine" I said when I could get a breath. I was soon in my own world, sniffing Kevin, longing to suck and taste cock and lick ass as I felt the feel of how it is when your guy takes your cock into his mouth, stretches it right back and teases its crown with his tongue. All so delightful.

I tinkered with his thong, smelling his pungent earthy scent in my nostrils, now I needed badly to taste him. He conveniently leaned sideways to allow me to undo the tie on the side of his thong and then he was completely naked for me. His hard cock swishing about over my face as I concentrated in a very delectable deep licking suck, around and around his stiff cock and then his hole and when I heard his moans I knew he wanted fucking, Just like Kevin did. Jason had such a lovely ass just waiting to be fucked. I was so ready for it, "Which way would you like me" he whispered sounding as eager as was I..

Now I had to make a quick decision, I couldn't wait too long, it felt like a volcano waiting to explode. "Any which was but loose" I yelled and he rolled over onto all fours presenting his butt high up for my fuck. He looked so lovely, I just had to take another taste of him, it sort of added to the occasion, IK squeezed his ass cheeks, slapped them a couple of time, watched them bounce beautifully as I measured up my now pounding cock between and soon found his hole. Like a good'un - and without me even knowing, he'd put a condom on me and lubricated so I was all ready to feel his deep fuck.

As I slid easily up his tight ass I was in heaven, I had longed so much for this, how good it felt to feel such a warming ass hole hug my bounty, feeling his divine rectal muscles working on me inside, then stopping awhile, taking in the moment as we both pulsed together, that feeling so astute and wonderful. Slowly we both started to fuck again, he moved so beautifully for me as we found the perfect rhythm .

Then he must have wanted me on top because he quickly swing around, wrapped his legs around my back and guided me into him, my balls bouncing wildly against his buttocks every time I thrust into him.

The volcano was imminent there was no turning back, I was with Kevin again fucking and fucking so wonderfully, well that's how it felt like when I came so strong, both of us collapsing on the floor.

"That was divine, perhaps we can do it again before I return"

"That can easily be arranged," Jason returned without hesitation. "Nest time we shall try some teasers Huh, and I wont charge you, the pleasure will be mine, and yours I hope!"