 Also this story contains fantasy scenes of unprotected sex. This is fiction, not real life. Always protect yourself and wear a condom. 

<><><><><><>

My heart was pounding, my ass convulsing and my cock dripping as the stud behind me rammed his massive plum-headed cock hard and fast into my gaping ass. My head was reeling as I backtracked to how I ended up in this delightful predicament—

My house is my pride and joy and I'm continually making updates and improvements as I can afford them. As a single gay man, I don't have many other expenses so my house is my obsession. The latest update was the remodeling of the sun-porch. I'd interviewed a few local companies, checked references and one seemed to stand out . . . so I hired them. About a week later they showed up at my door and I had a pleasant surprise. The "company" was two friends who did renovation and handyman work. Both guys were in their late 20's or early 30's. Brad, who did most of the talking, was a thick, muscular blond that was built like a high school wrestler. Not the knotted oversized muscles you see on TV, just nice, thick and tight. His partner, Jake, was taller and more lean than massive with a short, dark beard and liquid brown eyes that you just wanted to fall into. Needless to say I was delighted at the opportunity to ogle these two beauties while they worked on my project.

"Mr. Howard?" asked Brad.

"Please, just Jackson. Let me show you the job." I motioned them both into the house and down the hallway. Letting them walk in front of me, I got an eyeful of their tight construction worker asses as we made our way to the sun porch. I carefully went over my plans while Brad jotted down notes as I talked. We discussed a few changes and they made suggestions. Overall, I was pleased with them and eager to get started.

Over the next few days my house was filled with the noise of hammers and saws as the two busted their asses to get the work done. I made sure they had a steady supply of snacks and drinks, giving me a reason to check out their bodies as they worked. On the final day it turned miserably hot and to my delight the men stripped off their shirts and spent the day in nothing with shorts and work boots. 

About mid-afternoon there was a soft knock at my bedroom door, where I was working. Looking up I saw Brad standing there, his hairy blond chest glistening with sweat as he wiped his dripping face.

"Hey Jackson, sorry to bother you. But would it be ok if I used your bathroom. I've really gotta piss!"

"Sure! It's right there. Help yourself."

Brad smiled, showing his perfect white teeth, then strolled into the bathroom. He left the door open so after a few seconds I couldn't help but hear the powerful stream hitting the toilet. Easing back in my chair I looked into the bathroom and watched as Brad drained his bladder, his ass clenched and his pelvis arched forward as he pissed. As he finished and shook the last drops of urine from his dick, I could see his meaty appendage flop up and down. I let my eyes wonder up his back and shoulders, suddenly realizing that he was watching me in the mirror while I drooled over his hot body. As our eyes met I quickly looked away, moving back to my work, but knowing that I'd been caught. As I tapped away at my keyboard I heard Brad clear his throat. Looking up I saw him standing in the doorway, slowly jacking his exposed cock.

"This what you were trying to see Jackson?"

I swallowed hard, and slowly nodded.

Walking across the room he stopped inches from my face as his hand continued to slowly travel up and down his cut cock.

"Well, what'da you think?"

I looked up and saw the horny look on his chiseled face and smiled at him. Lifting my hand to intercept his, I took his growing cock and squeezed it. I worked it slowly, rubbing my thumb over his piss slit and sliding my hand down his hardening manhood.

"Oh yeah, that feels great," Brad said sighing.

I reached up and undid the button on his shorts. Finding bare skin underneath, I let them fall to his ankles. Running my fingers through his short, curly public hair, up his belly and bare chest, I enjoyed his body.

"Ummm, trimmed. Very nice," I said.

"Yeah, I like to keep everything nice and tidy. You never can tell when the opportunity might come along to get some hot action."

"Oh yeah, very sexy." I said as his hard, flat stomach slid under my hand. Reaching up, I rubbed one of his nipples, getting a low groan in response.

"Fuck. That's nice. Feels really good Jackson. Keep it up."

Moving back down, I gripped his nuts in my hand and tugged them. His cock had transformed from a plump snake into a hard pipe of manhood topped with a huge red head. Gripping his dick in both hands I leaned forward, stabbing my tongue into his slit and then burrowed it into his dick. Sliding my hands down his shaft, I pulled the skin taut and began running my tongue around and around his head, teasing the sensitive rim of his swollen red cockhead. Trapping my head between his rough calloused hands, Brad pulled me off his man pole. As the tip of his boner slid out of my lips he tilted my face up so we were locked in a hot gaze.

"Man, I haven't had any decent ass since I got married. My wife won't take my cock up her chute, says it's too big. You'll give me some ass won't you Jackson? You want my cock up your tight hole? Come on man! Help a guy out."

Standing up, I quickly pulled my shirt over my head and then dropped my shorts. I watched Brad as I slowly began to lower my tight boxer briefs, finally stepping out of them. Running my hands over my smooth hairless skin, I closed my eyes and rubbed my hardened nipples. Opening my eyes, I watched Brad resume stroking his cock as he enjoyed my performance. I walked to the nightstand, pulled out a large bottle of lube, and handed it to Brad once he had shuffled over to the bed, his feet still trapped by his own shorts. Turning to face him, I reach up and twisted both his nipples and then fell back onto the bed. I opened my legs wide, exposing my smooth butthole to the rough man in front of me.

"Is that answer enough for you?" I quipped.

"Fuck yeah!"

Brad squirted his hand full of lube and smeared it over my ass. His work toughened hands ground over my hole. Each touch felt like fire running from the tips of his fingers. He quickly moved one finger against my hole, wiggled the blunt tip over it, and then slid his finger in completely.

"Oh yeah Brad. Get me ready. That feels so good!"

He smiled in acknowledgment as he added a second and soon a third massive finger. My lips opened in silent moan as his thick masculine fingers stretched my hole. Brad slipped his fingers out of my stretched hole, leaving my ass feeling empty. But looking down I watched as he coated his thick cock with lube and then pressed that angry red cockhead against my sucking hole.

"Ahhhh, yesssss," I said with a sigh.

My ass continued to stretch as he pressed steadily against my hungry ass. The pleasure turned to pain as he tried to wedge his massive cockhead into my hole.

"Wait. Stop! Oh god that hurts!"

"Hang on dude, it'll get much better once the head pops through." Brad leaned hard against me, his cock seemingly unable to go deeper. I took a deep breath and relaxed through the burning pain, suddenly I felt his huge glans pop through my sphincter and then ram against my prostate. The rapid shift from pain to pure pleasure caused me to gasp and grab onto the bed. He paused for a few seconds, then began fucking my ass in earnest. Plowing me as the mushroom head of his cock scraped through my tunnel over and over again.

Oh yeah, that's how I got to where we started. . .

Brad lifted my legs to his shoulders as he fucked my aching hole. The volume level of my moans escalated quickly as I was wrapped in the pleasure this big man was giving me. Then another voice broke the trance.

"Well fuck! Weren't you going to share, buddy?" Jake walked over and slapped Brad on the ass. "Yeah stud! Fuck that tight hole!" Staring as Brad's fuck stick sawed in and out of my ass, Jake groped himself as I enjoyed the view of him massaging his stiffy through his shorts. 

"Fuck, I gotta get my rocks off!"

I watched as Jake quickly stripped off his shorts. His lean tanned body was coated lightly with dark hair, but his bush a rampant jungle, the complete opposite of Brad's carefully manicured lawn. He crawled onto the bed and started rubbing his cock against my face. Opening my mouth to the welcome intruder, I relaxed and enjoyed the sensation of his slim cock sliding down my throat and finally his wiry pubic hair rubbing against my lips. 

"Oh fuck yes! His hot mouth feels nice! It's been too long"

"I told you we'd get laid before we finished this job. I gotta get a nut. This ass is too good!" Brad started ramming harder and faster into my ass as the tanned stud at my head fed me his cock. Brad moved forward, almost folding me in half, and started pulling out completely and then ramming into my fucked hole, his huge cock head popping through my opening over and over again with each stroke hitting against my prostate. Brad arched back and rammed in deep, holding my ass tight against his groin.

"FUCK! Gonna fill this ass with baby batter!" screamed Brad. Jerking as the waves of pleasure overcame him, I felt my ass flood with his cream. Hungrily, I attacked Jake's cock as his partner packed my ass to overflowing. The climax seemed to stretch forever before Brad's body heaved one last time. Sliding his wet cock out he looked at me and smiled and then slapped my ass.

"Damn you're good Jackson. You got some grade 'A' ass there bud!"

Brad pulled up his shorts and walked out of the room as I continued to play sword swallower with Jake's long dick. Pistoning my head up and down his dick, I tasted the sweet flavor of his leaking juice. Jake ran his hands down my chest as he leaned over me. Playing with my nipples, he worked them, causing a groan from my stuffed mouth.

"Oh yeah, that feels nice. Suck that cock, babe!"

Jake lay down on me with his face in my crotch. Shocked, I felt him wrap his lips around my throbbing tool. Pulling his head back Jake let my dick slide out of his mouth.

"Oh yeah. That's some prime dick there! Fish all the time ain't good. A man needs beef from time to time." Jake chuckled as he went back down on my cock.

We both moved into action, faster and harder with each passing second. The heat of lust washing over us, I felt my balls tighten against my cock. The fuck, the head job, everything became an overload, cum rushed from my balls, pulsing up my cum tube. I tried to warn Jake, but it was too late. My cock began pulsing as my balls emptied themselves into his mouth. A few seconds later I felt my own mouth flooded with Jake's hot cum. His jizz filled my mouth to overflowing, the load was so heavy I couldn't swallow fast enough, and it leaked from between my lips. As my own orgasm receded, I nursed the last of the sperm from Jake's beefsteak. Releasing his cock from my lips with a pop, I collapse against the bed.

"Oh fuck Jake. Damn. . ."

Jake licked the last of the semen from my crotch and then rose up to his knees. Curling his long body down to my face he licked the white juice from my lips and then smiled.

"Nice Jackson. Very nice."

I nodded and moaned as Jake climbed off the bed and pulled on his shorts. He walked out without a backward glance and shortly I heard the sounds of tools being packed as the two got ready to leave. Still unable to move, I lay on the bed with cum dripping from my ass and a belly full of man cream.

As they walked by the door, Brad paused, leaned in and said, "Let us know if you have more work, Jackson. We're always happy to help with your renovations.

<< end >>