 A beam of glistening sunlight captures the end of a king-sized bed, warming a pair of feet that shyly poked out of the sky-blue fuzzy blanket. The rejuvenating heat lightly tickles Trevor's clean toes, and a reviving surge of energy hasty rushes up to his sleepy head. Trevor peacefully and noiselessly opens his heavy eyes to find his older stepbrother sleeping soundly next to him. Trevor gleefully looks at his brother's bright and handsome face for a moment, and without waking him up, he weaves his fingers through the soft, black spiked hair. Trevor ever so gently leans closer to Taylor's toned, bare body.Hoping to give his brother a heart-warming kiss, but the strong, musty aroma of dried cum on Taylor's hairless chest stopped him abruptly. 

Uneventful scenes and painful memories from last night unfold in Trevor's mind, one after another like a slideshow. Involuntarily, Trevor pushes himself to sit on the bed, feeling horrified and vulnerable as the bed bounces. The tick and the tock of the clock intensify in Trevor's head and little droplets of tears drag its ways down to his childlike chin. The gleaming sun completely shines through the spotless window by now. The spacious bedroom is saturated with the joy of the light, but the boy somehow manage to keep the happy atmosphere down. While Trevor is still trapped in the horror, a pair of loving arms engulfs his waist. Taylor does not say anything to comfort his sweating brother, but he knew that a simple cuddle would say much more than the stitching of elegant words. Taylor lays his chin on Trevor's shoulder as Trevor turns to bury his face in Taylor's neck, washing it with his tears.

_________________________

"Here's your breakfast." Taylor places a plate of peppered omelet and oily bacon with a burnt toast to the side in front of Trevor on the wooden table. 

"Thanks," Trevor says, almost inaudible. 

Casually dressed now, Trevor picks up his fork and eat, obviously still troubled by his thoughts. A piece of bacon flicks onto Trevor's blue basketball shorts, but he fails to notice it, still troubled. Walking from the kitchen with a frying pan in his hand, Taylor scoops some of the omelet and places it in his own plate. He returns to the kitchen, looks into the gray metal fridge, and asks if Trevor wants orange juice or apple juice. Trevor didn't answer.

"Trevor?"

Taylor is still looking in the fridge, ready to grab the juice carton as soon as Trevor says something.

A bit annoyed, Taylor impulsively looks over the marble counter to find Trevor sobbing, adding salt to his omelet and bacon with tears. Taylor feels a bit guilty now. 

"Why should I be annoyed by such little thing when my brother almost got raped yesterday?" he thought to himself.

He brings both cartons to the table with two glass cups between his long ring finger and pinky. Then he goes behind Trevor's cushioned chair, leans down carefully, and wraps his arms around his little brother, just like how he did it in the morning. He gives a quick dry kiss on Trevor's wet, salty cheek.

"Taylor...," Trev trying to hold back his tears forcefully, "I... He..." 

Trev can't finish his sentence as his throat becomes dry and puffy. 

"No rush," Taylor comforts, "I'm here the whole day." Trev nods.

"I...," Trevor begins again, "I'm..." He bursts again. "Hey... hey..." Taylor attempts to quiet him down, pulling the tissue box a bit closer. He shuffles out some blue-colored tissues and wipes the bitter tears away. The tissues are running out. Balls of tissues are still lazily laying on the table from last night.

"I'm sorry, Taylor," Trev finally had enough strength to complete his sentence as he sniffs back his clear mucus up his pink nose.

"What for?"

"I... don't know..."

"Why are you sorry?! Those bastards are the ones that need to be sorry! If I see them again on the street, either I die or they die!" Taylor's voice raises, clearly angry and frustrated.

Trev jumps when Taylor said that. "No! Taylor, you can't die!" Taylor suddenly gives Trev a grin. The wonderful feeling of being needed filled Taylor's heart to the fullest. Trev looks into Taylor's eyes with his tired, red eyes. Taylor can't resist the passion that Trev is sending to him through his eyes and lustfully assaults his brother's lips with his. Trev warmly wraps his arms around Taylor's neck and tightens the wrap as Taylor slides his tongue into his mouth. Trev didn't move his mouth, but let Taylor curiously explore his mouth with his tongue. Taylor smoothly tugs on Trev's jet-black hair and rubs his finger in circles against Trev's right temple to ease his jabbing headache as he work his way to lick every single part of the interior of Trev's mouth.

The doorbell rings, sending a soft echo around the apartment complex. Taylor pulls away from Trev slowly; Trev attempts to close his wet lips to lock Taylor's mighty tongue within his moist mouth but fails miserably.

Taylor grabs a small metal trash bin and with one hand skillfully sweeps the crusty balls of dried-up tissues into it. Then he carefully peeks through the peephole to find two police officers standing, waiting patiently. Taylor looks back at Trev as he slowly stands up, holding on to the chair with a stiff grip to stabilize himself. 

"Uh... hi," Taylor greets the officers.

"Good morning, are you Mr. Taylor Yang?"

"Yes. I am Taylor Yang."

"Is Mr. Trevor Yang here also?"

Taylor looks at Trevor, and then signals him to come with his finger as if he's seducing his younger brother. Trev wipes away the remaining of his bitter tears using the clean sleeve of his white t-shirt and walks towards the white opened door.

"Good morning, Trevor," the police officer greets when he sees him, "nice to see you again."

"You are the cop from yesterday, right?" asks Trev, trying to recall his memory.

"Yes I am," he answers, showing his badge as his partner also flips his out.

"We have arrested two suspects from yesterday's incident. To avoid any complications, we took a few photos of them. Here are some photos. Can you identify them for me, Trevor?"

Trev shivers as a icy chill speeds through his spine and steps back, but Taylor reaches out with his great arm and hugs him closely and gives him a hard squeeze on Trev's tense shoulder. Trev exhales with no ease and closes his eyes for a moment, trying to accumulate courage and strength. Taylor gives a look to the officers, and the two cops nod, understanding the situation Trev is facing. Taylor gives Trev another tight squeeze, and with that, Trev opens his eyes and gives a quick glance at the glossy photos.

"Do you recognize them Trevor?" the officer asks.

The first photo is a muscular man with spiky blond hair. His eyes, blue and shining, give off a decent first impression. In fact, he looks a bit hot if you look at him from a sexual angle. If the first suspect is a bit hot, then the second suspect is even more seductive and sexy. His thin lips give a little attractive smirk, almost a insane sneer. The crimson strip of highlight through his spiked, wet-looking hair will drive any girl, or guy crazy. His light green eyes stares lustfully into Trev's fearful eyes as if he wanted more actions from last night.

Trev cheerlessly presses his forehead against Taylor's solid bicep and nods in disgust. Taylor compassionately strokes his stepbrother's back of the head. One of the cops returns the pictures into a neat stack and the other pulls out a longer than usual piece of paper and clips it on top of the plastic clipboard.

"I will need your signature here and here, and date both of them here," the police highlights the lines and hands the clipboard to Taylor. 

"Is Trevor over 18?" the cop asks quickly.

"Yeah, he's 18 and two months."

"Then he should sign it," handing a pen to Trev.

"And how old are you, Mr. Yang?" the cop directed his question towards Taylor.

"26."

Taylor reaches for the black pen, gives it to Trev, and holds the clipboard for him. Trev reluctantly takes the pen and scribbles on the highlighted lines, then asks Taylor for the date.

"Today's Saturday, the 30th," the cop interrupts.

Taylor thanks the cops and closes the door. When he turns around, Trev has already locked himself in his bedroom.

"Trev?... Trev!" Taylor bangs on the door, concerned.

He pulls out a quarter from his pocket and unlocks the door. He tenderly swings open the door to find Trev sitting on the soft white carpet against the end of his bed frame, with his bruised knees to his blank face, then sobs again.

This time, Taylor doesn't know what to do. He is so heart-broken, to see his stepbrother that was once so bright and positive, only wanting to die now to prevent further embarrassments. The only time Taylor has seen Trev like this was after the funeral of their parents, both killed in a car accident four and a half years ago.

Taylor drags his feet along the carpet and kneels in front of Trev. He reaches out for his arm, only to shock him with the static electricity from the rubbing of the carpet. Trev twitched, but he didn't look up. Taylor wants to cry with him, but he can't. He is just too angry at the two suspects. Taylor silently seated himself next to Trev and looks out the closed window. Thinking about what punishments he will receive if their parents were still alive, Taylor pushes Trev's head, resting it on his comforting shoulder.

=========================

"Hey Trev! Are you free tonight? We're gonna hang out at the mall. You wanna come?" Ryan cheerfully invites Trev.

"I don't know. I'll have to ask my brother." Trevor looks at his G-shock that his brother gifted him for his 18th birthday. It reads, "3:39 pm, Friday, the 29th."

"Well, give him a call and ask!"

Ryan is one of Taylor's best buddies in high school. A bit older than him, Ryan is one of the more popular seniors in their high school. All the girls love him, always trying to touch either his ass crack through his thin shorts or six packs through his stylish tank top. Despite his popularity, Ryan loves to hang out with Trev because of Trev's quick and daring personality with a hint of mystery revolving around him.

"I have to go home first anyways. So maybe I'll give you a call later. When will you be there?"

"Great! We'll be there at around 6:15. You wanna grab dinner before we head to the movies?"

"Sure. Why not? I can give Taylor a break from cooking. He can eat cup noodles at home and we can eat like... I don't know... something expensive... like McDonald's!"

Ryan tries to hold in his laughter and gives off a few coughs. Taylor grins, feeling good about his sarcasm.

_________________________

"I'm home!" Trevor shouts as he enters the apartment that his brother own. "Taylor?"

"Yeah, I heard you."

"Ryan asks if I can go to the movies with him. You don't even have to cook dinner for me!"

A pause follows as Trevor enters the living room and throws his backpack on the coach.

"Go for it, Trev. I'm a little busy tonight too. It would be nice if you aren't around blasting music and talking so loudly on Skype with your group of friends," Taylor joked.

"What?"

"Oh, never mind. You need me to pick you up?"

"If you don't mind, sure! We are going to Westfield mall. Go to the big parking lot and I'll wait for you outside of Macy's... maybe around 11?"

"11? What movie are you guys watching?"

"I don't know, but Ryan said we are going to watch two movies." 

Trev looks at the clock.

"Wow... it's 5:30 already? Ryan's gonna carpool me at 5:45."

Trev rushes to his room to change, leaving his door slightly opened. Taylor turns his chair to face his door, which is across from his stepbrother's. He gets up and walks out of his master bedroom into his guest bedroom, Trev's room. Trev was fully naked with his bubble butt facing Taylor as he lean against the door frame, admiring the view. With a smile, Taylor creeps up on Trev as Trev pulls out a fresh t-shirt out of the drawer; he playfully wraps Trev's waist in his right arm and covers Trev's mouth with his left hand, preventing him from screaming. Trev screams, but only a rough, high-pitched noise is heard. Taylor pulls Trev closer to his bare chest and the skin-to-skin contact eases the shock Trev is still experiencing. Trev holds Taylor's hand that his covering his mouth with both hands and pulls his brother's hand to cover his heart.

"Cardio exercise, yeah?" Taylor smiles broadly, simultaneously feeling the beating of his brother's increased heart rate. Trevor leans his head backwards with eyes closed, tickling Taylor's bare pectorals with his hair. Subtly, Taylor slides his arm down, where Trev pricks his arm with his hard-on. A drip of precum dots Taylor's smooth arm, and he proceeds to grab his brother's five inch uncut cock.

"A bit small, don't you think?" Taylor teases, giving the meat a firm squeeze.

"Stop..." but Trev obviously didn't want his brother to stop. In fact, he wants his brother to jerk him a little.

"Yeah?" Taylor rolls Trev's foreskin down until the soft smooth pink head is exposed. A sweet odor rises up to both of their noses. While Taylor savors every bit of the young musty odor, Trev didn't respond to his own scent. Taylor, using his thumb, brush passes the slit of his brother's dick and obtains a bit more of Trev's precum. He quickly sucks his wet, slick thumb and reaches back down for me as Trev moans.

"Stooooop..." Trev groans with euphoria, "I have to go!"

"Go where?"

"To the movies!"

"Oh... right!" Taylor reaches down again for another dose of his brother's juice. Then Taylor pulls out his wallet from his jeans and balances an one-hundred dollar bill on Trev's semi-hard dick.

"Treat Ryan for me, okay?"

=========================

Taylor wakes up from a eerie nightmare. His parents ran over him with a truck while Trev was getting raped violently across the street as he ran tries to save his little innocent stepbrother.

Beads of salty sweat drip down onto his brother's hair; Trev's head is still resting on his shoulder. Taylor lets out a broken sigh, inhales some heavy air, and looks at the clock. His stomach growls at him. It's 9 pm already.

Taylor picks Trev up like a dead corpse and repositions him on his bed. He stands there, contemplating on his brother's face with soft eyes and tears gathering. Then he bends over, almost nose-to-nose with Trev, and kisses him, then pulls Trev's lower lip up with a caressing bite, and let goes.

"Why did I let Trev go to the movies?! I even made dinner yesterday before Trev came home!" Taylor thought to himself as his food from yesterday spins within the humming microwave. Then he angrily smashes his clenched fist on top of it. The Pyrex within jumps and it collides with the side of the microwave. He gulps and gulps and recalls the nightmare. He closes his eyes hard, trying to forget about it.

"Fuck you Taylor. Fuck you! How could you let Trev get hurt like this?!" his mind reprimands himself. He let out a soundless screech when the microwave loud and clear next to him. At the same time, the doorbell rings.

Without checking, Taylor opens the door. Ryan was sincerely waiting with a phone in his hand. It was Trev's smartphone.

"Hi... Trev's brother," Ryan feels a bit uncomfortable due to his guilt, "I...uh..."

A enduring pause blockades between the two.

"You wanna come in?" Taylor finally asks, calming himself down.

Ryan hesitates, and then enters the complex. 

"Trev left his phone in my car... yesterday. I..." He stops because he thinks if he continues, then Taylor might get really upset and possibly angry with him. Taylor stares blankly at him.

"Can I see how Trev's doing?" Ryan asks under one breath. Taylor points at Trev's door.

Ryan kneels next to the bed, studying Trev. He meekly brushes Trev's damp hair to the side to reveal the tear marks on his face.

"I'm so sorry... I... should have stayed with you."

"Why didn't you?" Taylor angrily demands in a soft low voice, leaning against the door frame with arms crossing his chest.

"Trev told me to leave. He knows that my parents get really mad if I go back home really late. I insisted but... Trev, he's too... convincing."

Through the tone of Ryan's deep soothing voice, Taylor can conclude Ryan and Trev's relationship has already gone up to another level.

"Who told you about it?" Taylor questioned.

"The cops went to my home to see if I witnessed anything. The group of friends called me to ask me to visit Trev."

"Why only you? Are they all that busy?!" Taylor begins to raise his voice again.

"No, no!" Ryan sighs. "We all love Trev. We don't want to scare him. You know?"

Taylor pauses for a second. "What did he mean by scare?" He thought for a moment. "What the fuck?" he says to himself. Trev would be terrified if a bunch of people visits him at once after what has happened to him! "Why didn't I think of that?"

"I'm so sorry, Trev's brother. I can't be sorry enough. Is there anything I can do for you guys?"

Ryan begs for a chance to help Trev, who he treats like a little brother, perhaps to a more extreme degree.

"Call me Taylor. If you can come to talk to Trev from time to time, I think he would feel much better."

"Of course! I certainly will!"

Ryan leaves and Taylor returns to Trev's room, holding his food in his hand and sets them down on the desk. There's a framed picture of their complete family: Dad, Mom, Trevor, Wesley, and himself. Wesley is Taylor's younger fraternal twin, who lives across the ocean in London. He picks it up and wipes off the dusts covering the glass and lets out a gentle sigh as he sets it back down.

=========================

"You wanna get grilled cheese or McDonald's?" Ryan asks as he drives into the big parking lot.

"What do you want to eat? I just want to stuff myself with popcorn," Trev pats his stomach, but then thought of the way Taylor jacked his cock when he accidentally brushes his dickhead.

"Grilled cheese then! My treat!"

"Oh, what? No, no... Taylor wants to treat you."

"Taylor? Your brother?"

"Yeah, he stuffed me an one-hundred dollar bill... into my wallet," Trev lies, "just because you always treat me out for food and stuff."

"Nah, you keep it! You know how rich my family is, and I don't want you to spend money on me!" Ryan brags.

With a big turn of the steering wheel, Ryan parks his luxurious sports car right in the middle of the spot so perfectly.

"Alex and Justin told us to meet in front of Sports Authority," Ryan explains, "but if we don't see them, let's just get our dinner first."

Ryan wraps his arm around Trev's slim, but not at all bony shoulders and they walk into the mall.

When they didn't see their friends, they walk to the food court and see Justin and Alex in line to buy food. Ryan immediately pounce on them like a bully. The two hot hunks jump a little, one holding his leather wallet while the other holding the colorful movie tickets. Alex's tight dress shirt outlines his firm muscles; Trev's meat begin to stir when he sees Alex.

"Oh, I guess Ryan doesn't want to see the movie anymore..." Justin exclaims, pretending to rip his movie ticket, "so Ryan can just go back home and watch porn."

Since Justin is wearing a tank top, his armpit hair exposes outward, but his cologne covers his slightly sour body odor.

A white-haired old lady immediately turns and stares at the group upon hearing the word "porn" and Trevor instantly turns and walk away, strategically avoiding awkwardness and finds them a table.

The group finishes their mouth-watering grilled cheese sandwiches and heads up the movie theater. Trev holds two big bags of popcorn while Ryan holds on to the soda. They quickly find their seats and the movie instantly play when they have settled down.

_________________________
