 Coming home from work a few days later, Scott drove into his driveway. He saw Coop's car parked behind Rusty's and knew he was here. Coop's got a nice Mustang, he thought to himself. Scott walked into the house and then to his bedroom. He assumed Coop and Rusty were in Rusty's bedroom, however it was empty. They must be out back, he thought. Scott stripped his mechanic's coveralls off and tossed them on the floor. Next, he pulled his boxers off and they landed next to the used coveralls. He considered putting on a clean pair and then dismissed the idea. Instead he grabbed a pair of jeans and put them on, being careful when he zipped them up. Scott walked back into the living room and peered out of one window. He saw no one at first then movement caught his eye. All he could see was the end of a lounge chair and two sets of feet. "Hmmmmmm," he murmured and moved to the next window. From there, he could see everything. "Holy blowjob, Batman," he said aloud. Rusty was naked, lying with his legs apart and Coop between them, sliding his mouth up and down Rusty's erect cock. Scott noticed Coop's cock was hanging flaccid. "Guess I missed the first act." 

Scott remained there, watching. "Wow, look at him taking all of Rusty's cock down his throat." Coop poised his mouth over the head, swirled his tongue around it and then, slowly engulfed Rusty's entire seven inches, burying his nose in Rusty's bush. It was clear to Scott, Rusty was enjoying it. "DAMN! I wish chicks would suck my dick like that." Without realizing he was doing it, Scott ran his hand down his chest and then to his pants. He pulled the button open and unzipped his jeans. He grabbed his semi-hard dick and began to pump it. Coop began to suck faster and faster. Rusty put his hand on the back of Coop's head, pushing him down between his legs. "That's it man, make him take it all, yeah, yeah, Rusty. Fuck yeah." Scott continued to masturbate his erection while he watched. Rusty tensed, threw his head back and a grimace of pleasure washed over his face. He's gonna come soon, Scott thought. Sure enough, within a couple of minutes, Rusty seemed to shout something Scott couldn't hear and then Coop pulled off Rusty's dick. Scott saw first one, then another then another wad of cum shoot out of Rusty's dick, landing on his stomach. "Fucking Mount Saint Helens." 

Then Coop resumed sucking on Rusty's cock. "Oh, man, yeah, eat it, swallow it. Fucking awesome." Scott masturbated himself faster. Rusty relaxed and Coop continued to suck him until he was soft. Then Coop moved up to Rusty's face and they kissed. Scott looked down at his hard cock. He caught some precum on his fingers and massaged the head of his prick. When he looked outside again, Rusty and Coop where headed his way. "Oh shit!" He stuffed his cock back into his pants and dashed to his bedroom, shutting the door softy. He stood against the door, panting heavily. Then, he went to his nightstand and opened the top drawer. He pulled out his favorite magazine, ruffled to his favorite woman of the month and was soon shooting semen all over her face and tits. Afterwards, he stood there with his semi-hard cock pointing at her. A final drop of cum oozed from his cock. "I wish you were here." he said to the anonymous woman and sighed. He wiped the remaining cum from his dick before zipping and buttoning his pants. He went to his bathroom and washed his hands. Soon, he opened his door and joined Rusty and Coop in the kitchen.

They ordered pizza and when it was delivered, the three men sat at the table and began to eat.

"Damn, I'm hungry," Cooper said and chomped into his food.

"Me, too," Rusty said as he sat down next to Cooper. 

Scott sat across from them. A sly smile appeared on his face. "I thought you guys already ate?"

"No, we didn't," Rusty said.

"Oh."

Rusty thought for a few seconds. "What makes you think we already ate?"

Scott shrugged. "I just thought you guys ate," Scott said and then he added, "Ate something." He shoved half of a slice of pizza is his mouth and chewed, looking directly at Rusty.

Rusty swallowed. He looked questionably at Scott. "What does that mean... ate something?" 

Cooper looked at Rusty and then to Scott. Scott's eyes darted to him and then back to Rusty. "Did I miss something here?" Coop looked to Scott who shoved another piece of pizza in his mouth. "What the hell are you two talking about?" Cooper asked.

Rusty looked at him. "He saw us."

"Saw us? What do you.....mean?" Cooper said and then he, too, realized what Scott meant. "Oh," Cooper said, blushing.

Rusty turned back to Scott. "You motherfucker."

With a mouth full of food, Scott began to laugh in the back of his throat. He swallowed. "Sorry, guys, I didn't mean to, it just happened. I thought you guys were in the bedroom, but it was empty. So I looked outside and..."

"Oh shit!" Cooper said. 

Rusty turned to Cooper and sighed. "He does this all the time."

"He watches you having sex with guys?" Cooper asked incredibly. 

Rusty said, "He knows how it embarrasses me when he does, but he does it anyway."

"I cant believe this!" Cooper said.

Scott waved his hand. "Let me explain, I only do it 'cause it drives Rusty nuts."

"Are you some kind of closet case?" Cooper asked Scott.

"No, I'm not gay. And If I was, I would be totally out. Hell, it's not like I got parents or relatives to worry about, just your folks, Rusty. And they accept you so I'm sure they'd be ok if I was gay. Like I said, I just saw you out there, I wasn't trying to find you doing something. It just happened."

"Yeah, like that time..." Rusty turned to Cooper who had finished eating. "This was, what, a year ago I guess, its morning, right. And I'm like doing this guy. What was his name?" Rusty asked Scott.

"Hell, I don't know. If you don't remember how the fuck should I remember," Scott replied.

"Anyway, I'm fucking this guy. And right in the middle, THIS FUCKER barges in and asks us what we want for breakfast."

Looking at Scott with wide eyes, Cooper asked, "You didn't!?"

Scott nodded yes and chuckled.

"Yes he did! And I'm like throwing pillows and shit at him and the guy grabbed blankets to cover him. I was pissed. And it's not like HE was gonna cook anything, it was just an excuse to PISS ME OFF."

"Then there was the shower incident." Scott said to Cooper.

"The 'shower' incident? Should I even ask?" Cooper said.

Rusty got up and left the table. "No, don't ask."

Cooper looked at Scott. "I have to hear this!"

"I don't!" Rusty said.

"You should have seen the look on Rusty's face," Scott said to Cooper and started laughing. "I thought he was gonna die!"

"What the fuck did you DO?"

"Rusty and..." Scott paused, thinking. He looked at Rusty.

"Mike. His name was Mike," Rusty added.

"Was it?" Scott asked.

"Yes, now tell the story and get it over with."

"Rusty had been seeing this guy, Mike, for a couple of months. One night, they were in his shower together."

Rusty looked at Coop. "Mike was HUNG!" He held his hands up, about nine inches apart. "Nine fucking inches, man, I'm not lying."

"Whoa!" Cooper exclaimed.

"That's what I said," Rusty remarked. "Whoa! And it was good, too but he turned out to be a jerk."

"The hung ones are always jerks." Cooper agreed.

"Hey, wait! I'm hung but I'm not a jerk." Scott interjected.

"That's debatable." Rusty said.

"If you guys are finished talking about Mike's big dick, can I get back to my story?" Scott asked.

"I want to hear more about Mike's big dick," Cooper said to Rusty.

"Later, Coop," Rusty replied and winked at him. Coop grinned back.

Scott continued, "Anyway, they were taking a shower. So I crept into his bathroom, I took my clothes off and got in the shower with them." 

"Can you fucking believe that? He got in the fucking shower with us!"

"No shit?" Cooper asked.

"No shit." Rusty said. "I saw his hand pull the shower curtain back and the next thing I know, he steps in, stark naked, and asks if he can borrow the soap. Can you fucking believe that?"

"You should have seen the look on his face!" Scott said again to Coop. "He was like..." Scott made a startled face, mimicking Rusty's reaction. Cooper began to laugh and Scott laughed with him. "It was so funny!"

"Motherfucker," Rusty said.

Cooper asked, "What did Mike do?"

"He damn near freaked out. He moved quickly to me," Rusty began, "he covered his dick with his hand and looked me with this incredible look on his face. All the while Im yelling at Scott to get out, get out, get out and all he does is stand there, asking for the soap."

"It was hilarious," Scott said.

"Dude, you have to admit, that had to have been hilarious." Cooper said.

"Yeah, looking back now, it is funny. But at the time...." Rusty looked at Scott. "I was so pissed at you."

"You were glad I was around when you brought Darrell home." Scott said. As soon as the words left his mouth, he wanted to unsay them. The smile on Rusty's face faded. "Oh shit, Bro, I'm so sorry I said that. I didn't mean it. Seriously."

"You HAD to go there, didn't you?" Rusty shouted at him. This time, Rusty was indeed angry.

"I'm real sorry, man."

"FUCK YOU! YOU PROMISED NEVER TO MENTION THAT!" Rusty shouted again and turned away from them.

Scott went to Rusty and put his hands on Rusty's shoulders. I'm sorry....I..."

"Get your fucking hands off me!" Rusty demanded and pulled away from Scott. He looked at Cooper, completely ashamed and took off for his room. They heard the door slam shut.

"What the fuck???" Cooper asked, stunned.

Scott sighed and lowered his head. "SHIT!"

"What the hell just happened?" Cooper asked again.

Scott didn't reply. He looked toward the hallway. "Fuck Fuck Fuck! We were having such a good time and I go and ruin it. FUCK!" 

"What is it? What happened?"

Scott sighed. He looked at Cooper. "Coop, I can't tell you." Scott nodded to Rusty's room. "He'll have to be the one to tell." Cooper began walking to Rusty's bedroom but Scott caught him by the arm. "Look, don't push him. If he doesn't want to talk, don't push it, OK? Trust me on this." 

Cooper nodded however he had a confused look on his face. He walked to Rusty's room and knocked on the door. "Rusty? Its me. Can I come in?" There was no reply. Cooper knocked again and then turned the knob. Slowly, he opened the door. "What's the matter, babe?" Cooper asked as he entered the room and closed the door behind him.

Rusty was sitting on his bed, leaning over with his elbows on his knees staring at the floor. Cooper sat down beside him. "What is it? Please, talk to me."

Rusty was silent for a minute. Then he began, talking slowly, "About six months ago, I brought this guy home from a club. His name was Darrell. Scott was asleep in his room." He paused and Coop moved closer and put a hand on Rusty's back. Rusty pulled away from him. "I was drunk. He was drunk. We came in here and started fooling around, you know. One thing led to another and soon Darrell started to get..." Rusty paused, "....rough." Rusty swallowed; having to re-live the incident was difficult for him. "He pulled my pants down. He pulled his pants down. He pushed me down on the bed. I tried to stop him. I tried to get out from under him but he was stronger and wouldn't let me go." The words started coming faster now. "I told him to stop; I couldn't get him off me. I yelled for him to stop. I told him it hurt. 'You're hurting me,' I screamed. Fighting him only seemed to make him want it more. He kept doing it, he wouldn't stop, it hurt, god, it hurt. I was bleeding, I could feel it. Finally, I felt him relax some and pushed with all my strength. He fell off me, fell off the bed. I ran to the door, I got it open and yelled for Scott. But that was all I could do. Darrell had gotten to the door and slammed it shut. He locked it. He grabbed me and pushed me to the floor. Again, he started....oh fuck, Coop. He was raping me."

Cooper looked at Rusty with genuine sympathy. He again put his arm around Rusty. This time Rusty did not push it away.

"I kept telling him No! Stop! Stop! All of a sudden I heard a loud crash and then, in the darkness, someone was there pulling Darrell off of me. Scott grabbed Darrell and literally THREW him across the room. He fell but quickly jumped up. He attacked Scott and the two of them wrestled. Scott dragged him out of the room, kicking and punching him. I could hear them going down the hallway. I heard something get knocked over. I heard them fighting, shouting, cursing. Then I heard the front door open and then it slammed shut. All was quiet then. Too quiet. It seemed I laid there on the floor for hours, just listening to the loud silence. Then I heard a noise. Someone was coming back. Darrel was coming back. Oh fuck, he's gonna rape me again! There was a figure in the doorway. 'NO, DONT!' I yelled at him. I tried to get up, I tried to get away. I could not let him rape me again. I started punching him. Then Scott grabbed my wrists and I recogized his voice. 'RUSTY! Its me, Scott. Its me!' I fell to my knees and Scott kneeled down next to me. 'Its me, its only me. He's gone. He left. I swear. He's gone!' I finally gave into hearing Scott's voice and I lost it. I fell into his arms and he held me tight, saying, 'Its over. Its over' again and again and finally I believed him. 'Shhh shhh shhh its ok, Rusty, its me, its me.' Scott said."

Rusty rubbed the tears from his eyes and sniffled. Cooper pulled Rusty next to him.

"After a few minutes, I realized I was still naked and still bleeding. 'I'm bleeding' I said to Scott. 'Oh fuck!' he said and went to the bathroom to get a towel. I grabbed a blanket off the bed and wrapped it around me. He came back and kneeled down next to me. He handed the towel to me and I put it....you know.....there. 'Help me to the bathroom,' I said and he did. I made him stay out while I took care of myself. When I opened the door, Scott came to me and handed me a pair of shorts, 'Are you ok? Do you need to go to the emergency room?' he asked. 'No I'm ok', I said and put the shorts on. Scott helped me to the bed. He had changed the sheets while I was in the bathroom. 'Do you want me to stay with you?' he asked as I got into bed and he covered me with a blanket. 'Yes,' I said and Scott got into bed with me. He lifted his arm and I moved to him. He put his big, strong arm around me and told me everything would be ok. He said he would protect me. We laid there for quite a while, neither one of us able to sleep. Finally, I told Scott I was sorry. 'Sorry for what?' he asked. 'You didn't do anything wrong, its not your fault,' he said. 'I'm sorry for you to have to go through this.' 'Dude, you don't have to be sorry for anything. All the crap I went through, you were always there for me. I'm just glad I was here so I could help you for a change. Its cool, man. Try to get some sleep, ok? I'm here, I'll protect you. That's what brothers do."

Rusty grew quiet again. Then he seemed angry. "That fucker knew better than to bring Darrel up again. Fuck! Why did he have to say that?!"

Cooper spoke then, "Rusty, Scott can't take back what he said, but I know he's sorry. Why don't you go out there and let him apologize and accept his apology? That's what brothers do."

Rusty was silent for a few minutes, then he said, "I will, but in a minute. You go on, give me a minute."

"Ok." Cooper said and kissed Rusty on the cheek. He went out to the living room and saw Scott in the kitchen drinking a beer. Coop got a beer from the refrigerator and opened it. 

Scott asked, "Did he tell you?" Coop nodded yes. "Follow me." Scott led Coop outside to the patio. "God, I feel like shit! How could I be so fucking stupid?"

"Its ok."

"No, its not ok! I should have never mentioned that." Scott drank from his beer. Then he began, "That night, I woke up and something was going on but I didn't know what. I heard shouting. I thought, fuck, he's vocal tonight, must be some good sex going on in there. Then I thought I heard him yell 'NO' and then him yell 'STOP'. But I wasn't sure. Then I heard his door open, I heard him call for me. I jumped out of bed and pulled my shorts on. I heard the door slam. I rushed out and banged on the door, I called "Rusty! Rusty!" I heard him...." Scott wiped a tear from his cheek, "....being raped and knew right away was happening. I thought I was gonna die." Scott put his hand to his face and held back tears. 

"I kicked the fucking door twice before it opened. I saw that fucking piece of shit...." Scott choked on the word "....hurting..... my Brother. I grabbed that fucker and threw him across the room. He came back at me. I caught him, wrestled him out of the room and down the hall, kicking and punching him. He kneed me in the balls and it hurt like hell.....never told Rusty that." Scott pointed with a finger to Coop. "That's just between me and you." Coop nodded and drank from his beer. "It made me more angry. Finally, I got him to the door and tossed that sack of shit out of the house and shut the door, watching to make sure he left. When I was certain he wasn't coming back......no scratch that, I actually thought he WOULD come back...but I didn't tell Rusty. I went to the bedroom and Rusty thought I was him and began to cower from me. It broke my heart to see him like that. I got him calmed down, got him cleaned up and stayed with him all night just in case that fucker did come back." Scott grew quiet and drank from his beer. 

"I can tell you something else, Rusty hasn't been with another man since, before you I mean." Again, Coop nodded once. "And let me just say this for the record," he turned to Coop and stared him in the eye, "If you ever hurt so much as a hair on his head...."

Coop stopped him. "Scott, you don't have to say it. I really care for Rusty. I wouldn't hurt him."

"I know, I know but you'll have to deal with ME if...shh...he's coming." 

Rusty walked out and smiled. "Enough drama for this evening?" he asked in a pleasant tone.

Scott walked to Rusty. He embraced him and they hugged. "I'm sorry, Bro."

"I know. Its ok, its over. You're forgiven."

"I love you, Bro."

"I love you, too, Scott."

"Let's make a deal." Rusty looked first to Scott and then to Coop. "Now that you know all about that night, never bring it up again, ok?"

"Deal!" Scott said.

"Ok," Coop agreed and then he put an arm around Rusty.

"Who wants to fuck?" Rusty asked them.

Coop raised his hand, "I do! I do!" he said enthusiastically.

"So do I!" Scott said.

Rusty told Scott, "Go find some slut at the Goal Post."

"Damn!" Scott said feigning rejection.

Rusty took Coop by the hand. "Night, Scott," he said.

"Night, guys," Scott replied and sat down to finish his beer.

Rusty led Cooper to his bedroom. Once inside, they closed the door and pulled each other's shirts off while kissing. Cooper expanded his chest when Rusty began to suck on his nipples, licking the thin ring of dark black hair around them. He chewed on the left nipple for several seconds before licking over to the right, giving it the same attention. While he did this, Cooper raised his right arm and Rusty licked up into Cooper's arm pit, teasing and licking the thick tangle of jet black hair. 

Cooper released the button on Rusty's pants and slid them down his hips. Rusty's long, hard cock pressed against Cooper's muscled abdomen. Rusty then unbuttoned Cooper's pants so his cock could rub against his ripped, hard stomach. Then they stood apart slightly and battled their hard cocks against each other. Rusty leaned his head down and pulled Coop's uncut cock to his dick. He pulled the foreskin so it engulfed his own cock and held it there; with their piss slits exchanging precum. Next, he kissed Cooper again and then dove into his neck. He licked Cooper along his neck, tracing his Adam's apple and then to the other side. Coming up next to Cooper's ear, he whispered, "Fuck me, Coop."
