 I was travelling with my wife and kids along a secondary highway in North Carolina back in the 1980's. It was close to midnight and everyone was asleep except me. My problem was that I was horny and had been massaging my penis and balls up the leg of my shorts, and had worked myself up to an erection to the point I needed relief.

When I saw the green sign announcing a rest stop ahead I quickly made up my mind I was going to pull in and go inside the men's room and do a quick jerk off to get the relief I sought. 

As I pulled in to the parking lot there was only one car and a semi truck and trailer parked in the lot. turned off the ignition, my wife and kids remained asleep. I opened the door and felt the sweltering Carolina summer heat as I made my way up the walkway toward the smallish restroom. As I walked inside I immediately saw there was a sink, next to an occupied urinal, next to an enclosed toilette. 

I waited patiently as an older gentleman appeared to be finishing up at the urinal. I was standing behind him against the wall and could see that there was a "glory hole" and I could see a whiff of smoke coming out of the quarter sized hole as the older gentleman at the urinal began to zip up. I then realized I had interrupted a situation between the older gentleman at the urinal and whoever was on the toilette blowing cigarette smoke through the glory hole. 

The older man zipped up and turned toward me with a smile and stepped over to the sink as I stepped up to the urinal and unzipped. I could hear the water running at the sink as I reached inside my shorts and pulled out my thick, semi-erect and perfectly circumcised penis and tugged on my low hanging scrotal sac so that it too was fully exposed to the sight line of my neighbor next door sitting on the toilette. I was sure he was peeking through the glory hole, and lusting after my smooth and erect penis and puffy scrotal sac, fully exposed to this stranger's view.

I rapidly became fully erect as my sexual excitement grew. On my left was a man who was 30 years my senior, who was lingering at the sink and glancing over to peek at my equipment. On my right, peeking through the glory hole was another complete stranger, peering through the glory hole. 

I looked down and noticed a hand under the wall of the toilette, giving me a sign that I understood to be a come on. I glanced over toward the sink and the older grampa and stepped back to the door of the toilette. The door opened up and a hand reached out and began to fondle my stiff, hose-length member. 

I immediately unbuttoned my shorts and lowered my underwear and shorts to my ankles. I stood totally naked, with my hard tanned body, in front of a complete stranger who went to his knees and sucked in my thick stiff erection, and swallowed it down his throat.

I glanced over at the older man who now had opened his own trousers and was openly masturbating his own thick and smooth erection. I was amazed that the smooth, blemish-free skin of his long and thick penis was so different from his wrinkled hands. His attention was focused on the man who was sucking my own penis. 

I was not going to last much longer. I had never felt anything so exquisite in my life. This stranger knew exactly how to pleasure another man. 

As I felt my orgasm growing deep within my bowels I glanced over and saw the older gentleman step up to my side offering me his swollen penis. I instinctively reached down and began to masturbate his long thick erection as my own orgasm boiled up and erupted down the throat of my penis worshiper. 

I groaned loudly and humped his mouth, my warm slick gism filling his mouth.

The stranger allowed my thick penis to slip out of his mouth and he retreated back to his stall as I turned to the older man on my left and went to my knees and took his own thick penis into my mouth to suck him to orgasm and fondle his low hanging scrotal sack. His tangled pubic bush was a mixture of brown and gray hairs.

He placed his hand behind my head and held me gently as he rhythmically sawed his glorious, hose length member in and out of my mouth. I ran my tongue around the edge of his glans, tasting and swallowing his precious salty pre-cum. Without warning he groaned he was coming and held my head firm as he pressed forward, momentarily gagging me as the head of his swollen glans pressed against the back of my throat. His sperm filled my mouth and I began to swallow his sperm. It felt so good to be pleasuring an older man who I was sure needed my attention to his extraordinary penis which would otherwise go to waste.