 At the end of this long day, and once again chained in bed within his cell, Eren sits on his pillow, reclining against the cool stone wall. He was exhausted from another difficult day with the Survey Corps, under constant threat within treacherous territories. The expedition had been intercepted and rerouted by a collision with a small cluster of titans. Despite the poise of his guardian leader, who flawlessly zipped through the air as though he was born to fly, butchering the largest three offenders with unrivaled speed, nonetheless three members of their party were unfortunately devoured by the terrifying creatures.

Not bad... all in all...

Three casualties being an extremely low number considering the circumstances, Eren resists any urge to recall their names and faces. It was not that he has become desensitized to the continuously mounting death toll, but that his primary reason to avoid this recall, was to forgo listing off all of the titan casualties he has witnessed to date, and protect himself from the dagger to the heart at the end of the list; revisiting his mother's tragic death, and reviewing her vicious murder as she was crushed by giant teeth within the twisted grinning mouth of an insurgent abomination. 

Tonight, however, avoiding the names and memories of the brutally deceased does not spare him the dreaded recollection of his mother's demise. Subconsciously, the scarred child within him would always be screaming out for his dying mother, often even the slightest recognition could trigger these traumatic memories. For many, avoidance can be the sharpest form of recognition.

Plagued by the invasive and violent thoughts of his mother's brutal death, Eren, in frustration, pounds his fist, cuffed by clanging irons, into the wooden mattress frame.

"Fuck!"

As the pain of tragedy stokes the fires of ambition, the young soldier's vow to kill all titans burns brighter within him. Now that he has uncovered his own terrifying potential, to be able to transition into titan form himself, Eren truly could become the biggest weapon humanity has against the encroaching threat. However, even that would not save his mother now.

Eren is struck by a heaviness more burdensome than the metal bindings, as he solemnly remembers his mother's love, sullied by her dying screams. 

Gritting his teeth, the young soldier hisses to contain the boiling emotions.

Then, by the grace of imagination, the scene of his mother's death in his mind begins to shift and alter. In this vision, Eren was being dragged from the family home, where his mother was trapped below a crushed building, exactly as the reality he experienced years ago. Only this time, as he reviews the violent scene, a small, irritable hero appears on site. 

The cutthroat little homicidal genius, flits and flips through the air between the buildings, serving up cold hard death on his blades with shocking accuracy.

Levi...

For a single fleeting moment Eren imagines the relief he might have felt had his mother been spared the horror of her grotesque destruction.

He... 

could have saved her... 

then...

Eren knows this illusion is but a flight of fancy, only the hopeless whims of a traumatized child, but the vision itself is a miracle on it's own. Levi was not there to save him back then, but the thought alone rescued him from a few moments of anguish, saving him from overly fixating on an unchangeable past. For now, this is respite enough.

As one brilliant and graceful thought seamlessly leads to the next, Eren begins to daydream about the many glorious moments of victory that came by the long swords within Levi's slender hands. The young man's mind wanders between vision after vision of his petite captain painting the skies with the exquisite fluidity of his zip lining sky dances and the dexterity of his blades sparking fireworks of fountaining blood. 

Once again, Eren's admiration for the captain is accompanied by a familiar tightening in his pants.

Not this again...

The giant stuffed bear stares, sitting on the wooden table, watching Eren squirm.

Caught using... that... 

Mortifying...

The young man decides to alleviate the problem without any further analyzation of the correlating circumstances nor use of the bear. 

Eren slides the pillow from under him, expecting to repeat his experience from the night before. However, the pillow is still unwashed, and worse yet it is entirely flattened out and now looked to offer no aid in the matter at all.

Bear Levi scrutinizes Eren's behavior with his heavy, hollow eyes.

"No." Eren pronounces firmly to the bear. 

The young soldier searches the room with his eyes, looking for a better solution, anything he could press himself into. Unfortunately, the room is fairly barren, and neither wood, stone nor metal offer accommodating options.

The bear gazes on, compelling Eren to solve this problem with the simplest solution. Still, the young man ignores the giant plush toy's insistent glare.

I'll just use the mattress...

Eren lies himself onto the mattress face down, positioning the now crossed chains above his head, he presses his firm cock into the bed. Slowly, he tries to grind into the mattress. Eren winds his body into the bed once or twice, readjusts in search of a better angle, and presses his dick into the bed once more. The the cycle repeats, but try as he might, there was no position which felt comfortable enough to proceed, the mattress is simply too old and rickety to service him with any of the indulgence he desires. The experience does, however, further intensify his aggravating need for relief, which painfully mounts his frustration levels. With an irritated huff, Eren sits up on the edge of the bed, facing the bear.

Bear Levi mocks the young man with patronizing judgement in his heavy lidded, black eyes.

Is it any more humiliating than being caught last night in the first place?

A long moment passes as Eren pursues the impossible; to beat an inanimate object in a staring competition. And even this silent, delusional conflict drives the cravings deeper, opening up that sweet hell where the beastly seed of humanity devours all logic.

Fuck it.

Eren decisively grabs the bear by it's leg in the long reach of a single step, then throws the giant toy onto the bed. He quickly mounts the bear, straddling it between his legs then pulls the waistband of his pants below his dick. Overcome with a sense of relief, the young man presses his solid cock into soft fibres, enveloping his meat into a fold of plush stuffing. 

"Hahhh..." the captive soldier hisses quietly in deliverance.

Eren rolls his hips into the bear, thoroughly enjoying the sensations on his skin as he begins to grind at the toy in long slow strokes. Nonetheless, as he stares into the dead eyes below him, he cannot escape the encroaching reality that he has chosen to step right into one of Levi's psychological traps. 

One might think this notion could stop him in his tracks and weaken the solidity of his resolve, but somehow the idea that he has been played only spurns Eren on. The beast within him rages and roars as the young soldier wildly smashes his hips.

The bastard...

Eren admires the commander greatly, but this idolization presents a weakness within the younger one, as he could be easily blindsided by Levi's strategic genius. A tide of resentment rises within the soldier, fueling his lust like lighter fluid. Engulfed in the flames of subordinancy, he burns hotter. Eren cringes and folds his body tightly over the stuffed animal, gripping it's scarf, choking the bear as he thrusts with greater force.

"Ha..." a series of dry and monotonous sounds emerge from the other side of the steel bars behind him, "... did not think you'd go through with it." Eren freezes in position, mid-thrust. 

God-fucking-damn-it.

Eren flushes in humiliation. Not only has he been caught in the act, again, he is also now clearly aware that he truly is but a fly trapped in Levi's web. The young soldier begins to rise from the stuffed animal, expecting to dismount the bear.

"Don't move." The superior officer commands his tone now heavily laden with the authority of a disciplinarian. "You're not done yet."

Screeeee... 

The steel gate creaks open as Captain Levi unlocks the entrance and enters Eren's cell.

"You're going to finish what you started." Levi removes his leather jacket, and places it neatly on the wooden table. The young man, unmoving as a statue, and just as stiff, refuses to look over at his captain. Eren avoids the direct eye contact, and remains frozen in place, his face flaming red and his heart pounding.

"Looks just like me... that bear..." Levi loosens the cravat at his neck, "Do you like it?" He folds his white scarf carefully and places it into a pocket in the jacket on the table. "You want to fuck me... right?" The captain intimates warmly, enticing the soldier's arousal further, although Eren is now too ashamed to give in and finish as the captain is suggesting. 

Captain Levi is the only fighter the young man truly looks up to, and now that the soldier fully accepts that he has been entangled in such a simple scheme, Eren knows he must look like as much of a fool as he feels. His ego bruised thusly, Eren could not disgrace himself any further. The subordinate is immobilized, and swollen with shame.

Levi loosens his collar, unbuttoning his shirt until below the collar bone. He leans his small ass against the side of the writing table, then begins to roll up his sleeves, one after the other. The commanding officer crosses his feet at the ankles, and folds his arms over his chest. 

"Do well enough... I might actually let you... fuck... me."

Doki-doki... Doki-doki... 

Doki-doki...

Eren's heart pounds, echoing through the pulsing of his flesh buried in the bear. The soldier grits his teeth and his eyes wince hard in frustration.

"Your life is in my hands... You get that, right?" 

It is the truth, Captain Levi now holds the power to make any decisions about the the semi-titan's future, but Eren knows Levi is not so rash as to destroy humanity's newfound weapon of mass destruction over such a trivial a matter. In fact, if he had received those words as an actual threat on his life, he may have argued the criminal implications of his superior officer. However, what he heard in Levi's words, exactly as the captain intended, was that he might have an easy out of the shame in this predicament; Eren could claim, if only to himself, that he was "just following orders". 

The simple existence of this mindbending possibility causes Eren to squeeze the bear tightly, pushing his aching cock into it deeply with a muffled moan. His skin trembles as he squirms uncontrollably against the soft fabric.

Eren knows Levi had likely predetermined each thought he is processing, but this estimation is no deterrence. The allure of the superior officer's seeming omniscience sends a chill down Eren's spine, hardening his anguish and his flesh to the utmost degree, coaxing the animal within the young man back to the brink of pure, blinding impulse.

I can't. 

But...

Maybe...

I have to... 

"Fuck the bear, you little shit." The captain imparts his order dryly.

Shuddering in depravity, Eren's thoughts seize on command as the soldier immediately continues to thrust into the oversized toy. It is not long before Eren is pushing faster and harder than before, all of his self control has now burned to ash.

"Exactly." Levi chuckles gently, "You want to fuck me... bad." There is a mocking lilt in his gentle tone.

The captain steps closer to the bed and crouches beside it so that he's looking up at Eren as he humps and grinds. "You probably want to punish me for doing this to you."

Sometimes I hate you...

"Go on. Punish me. Fuck me hard. Give me the abuse I've earned." Levi hisses, intoning deeply, "Harder." The older man encourages the younger to pursue carnal insanity as leads his subordinate into temptation, "Teach me a lesson... about respect."

The young man has completely fallen captive to his urges, looking like a poorly domesticated canine abusing it's favorite toy. Eren growls and fucks the bear with the combined forces of frustration, admiration, and contempt alike.

"You look like you want to destroy me." Levi whispers the words through a beguiling smirk.

Eren's eyes are tightly shut, but he can hear the mocking grin on his captain's lips. For the sake of this disdainful attention, Eren only humps harder, instinctively appeasing Levi's judgemental amusement.

"Fuck..." Eren mumbles in heaving desperation, "Fuck!"

"Look at me."

Reluctantly, Eren opens his twinkling emerald eyes to see little Levi kneeling by the bed with an unusually soft and welcoming look in his dark eyes. For a moment the whole room becomes hazy and perfectly still, and all actions seem to slow as Eren stares into the captain's gazing serenity. The soldier is trapped in the captain's mindfuck of webbing, and throbbing along the edge of climactic release. 

Swiftly, Levi stands to lean over Eren's body, bringing his mouth to the young man's ear. In a quick steamy breathe at the back of the soldier's neck a single command is hissed, "Now."

"Fu-ugh-argh! FUCK!" Eren shouts gripping the bear hard as his body jolts in immediate ejaculation, as though his dick had understood the word before his brain could even process it. The young man shakes violently in the release as the captain's voice echoes in his mind... and semen pours along the lower half of the big round bear belly. "Fuck... me..."

"Ha." The superior officer scoffs.

As the ejaculate ceases it's draining, Eren's body begins to relax and he looks to be intimately embracing the stuffed animal below him. 

Levi steps back, suddenly as frosty and detached as ever. The captain places his hands on his hips striking a pose that's brimming with the pride of supremacy, although only the slightest smirk at Levi's lips betrays the extreme gratification he is experiencing.

"Now that we know how hard you'd fuck me, you disrespectful piece of shit..." the words are venomous but Levi's monotone is hushed, "How about I show you how hard I can fuck you."

Misty emerald eyes widen in alarm.

Wait... 

what???