 It was about 10 pm and I had been driving for about 3 hours on my way home to DC. The drive down 70 East is curvy, but I have been making the trip quite often lately so even the mountains and hills weren't enough to keep me awake anymore. 

I decided I had better pull off at the next rest area to grab some coffee and use the bathroom to get me through the second half of my drive home. As I got out of my car and began walking, I suddenly realized how badly I needed to piss and I made a beeline for the bathroom. 

Being fairly late at night, the bathroom was completely empty and I had my choice of urinals. I walked up to one, unzipped my pants, pulled my cock out, and began to let loose. The piss felt so good that I just closed my eyes and leaned my head back. 

As my stream finally began to die down, I opened my eyes and noticed another guy standing right next to me. The whole bathroom was open, why did he have to come right next to me? As I looked out of the corner of my eye, I found my answer. The guy was blatantly staring at my dick. 

"Um, can I help you?" I asked.

"Actually, I was going to ask you the same thing," he replied.

"What do you mean? Why do I need help?"

"Do you want help with your cock? I would love to suck your dick for you," he said matter-of-factly.

I had never really thought about being with a guy before. My mouth just hung open in disbelief while I tried to recover from the shock of being propositioned by a guy. I looked at the guy and he wasn't bad looking. Seemed mid-30s to my 28, 6'1" to my 6'3", slim waist with a nice build. He obviously worked out quite often. And he obviously wanted to snap me out of my deer-in-the-headlights daze as he reached over and began stroking my cock.

"I promise it will feel good," he told me. 

It was already feeling good just with his hand. I suddenly remembered how long it had been since I had had sex and feeling someone else touch my dick felt amazing. I turned my body from the toilet to face him. He smiled and dropped to his knees.

He slipped his mouth over my flaccid cock and began to suck. He had me hard in an instance and began sliding up and down on my 6 inch cock. He was right, it felt amazing. He rolled his tongue all over the underside of my shaft as his moved back and forth. I again closed my eyes and dropped my head back, enjoying the sensation.

As he continued the blowjob, I felt him do something no woman had ever done. He stuck the tip of his tongue into my cock's slit. I was a little shocked, but it felt amazing! He kept sucking me and began to take more and more of me into his throat until my cock was buried all the way. This cocksucker was living up to his promise and then some!

He reached his hands around and grabbed my ass, his big hands kneading my cheeks like dough as he kept slurping on my tool. He spread my cheeks and I felt his finger touch my asshole. I had a girlfriend do this once and knew I enjoyed the feeling of having my ring rubbed. He was tentative at first, but when I didn't stop him, he kept rubbing.

He picked up the pace on my cock. Amazingly, he was able to deep throat me with every stroke. As he did this, he also got a little more aggressive with my ass and I felt his finger tip poking into my hole. Again, he went slowly, but when I offered no resistance he kept pushing. 

This was the first time my ass had anything push past the barrier. I enjoyed the tip and wanted to feel what more felt like. He kept pushing, one knuckle, then two, then the entire length of his finger was inside of me. He was only able to slide it in three or four times until the feeling was too great and I filled his mouth with my come as I felt my butt hole clench on his finger. It was incredible; easily the best orgasm I had ever had.

He looked up at me and I could see him swallow the last of my cum. 

"See," he said. "I told you that you would enjoy that."

"Oh my God, that felt amazing!"

"Would you like to have some more fun?" he asked. "I am a truck driver and I have a bed in my truck. Would you like to go there? I am afraid if we stay here someone will walk in on us."

I had no idea what he had in mind, but I wanted to find out. We hurried out to his truck and climbed in. As soon as we entered he ordered me to take off my clothes, which took all of 30 seconds for me to comply with.

"Good, now come over here and get on your knees. That's it, now pull my pants down."

I did as I was told and his semi-hard cock -- the first one other than my own I had ever seen --was staring me in the face.

"I think you got a good enough idea of how to suck a cock from watching me," he said as he looked down on me. "It's your turn to return the favor and suck your first cock. I am sure after this it won't be your last." I grabbed the base of his cock, opened my mouth and leaned in. Just like that, I took my first cock in my mouth. 

I took a little time to get the saliva flowing in my mouth and to coat his dick with it. After a minute or two, I picked up the pace as I felt his cock grow in my mouth. I was sucking about half of his seven inches while fisting the other half.

"That's it you little slut," he said. "You are going to be a good cocksucker. Keep taking that cock in your mouth. That's it, suck your first cock."

He kept talking to me as I sucked his cock. I tried doing the things I remembered him doing to me and he seemed to be enjoying my work. 

"Take your hand off my cock and grab my ass."

I thought he wanted me to finger his asshole like he did to me, but as soon as my hand was off his cock he grabbed the sides of my head and began shoving his cock into my throat. He was gagging me, but kept pushing. Eventually, my throat opened up for him and his balls were resting on my chin.

"Good boy!" he told me. "Every good cocksucker needs to be able to deep throat!"

He thrust in me a few more times and then pulled his cock from my mouth. I was honestly disappointed.

"What's wrong? I asked. "Wasn't I doing a good job?"

"Oh, you were doing great; really a quick learner. But I have more to teach you. Lay down on the bed."

I quickly did as I was told. He then moved to his knees. I thought he was going to suck me again, which I would have loved, but instead he pushed my legs up to my chest, spread my ass cheeks again, and began licking my ass hole.

"Oh fuck, that feels great!" I yelled. 

And it did. Everything he was doing to me felt great. I watched him slurp his tongue all around my brown hole, licking it just as I have done to quite a few pussies. I was in heaven. His licks brought shivers up my spine.

He paused, "that's it. Your little hole is beginning to open up for me!"

He then dove back down and resumed his licking. He started sliding his tongue into my ass as much as he could, slipping it in and out, tasting my butt. He put two fingers in front of my mouth and I sucked them for him. He pulled them from my mouth and then pushed them in my ass. He worked his fingers in my ass for a few minutes, spreading them inside of me and twisting them all around.

"Do you like it?" he asked.

"It feels incredible. I love it!"

"Good," he said, "then I think you are going to enjoy this. Hold your knees to your chest, just like they are."

He got onto his knees, spit in his hand and started to rub the saliva on his cock. I suddenly realized what he planned to do and I wasn't sure I was ready for that.

"Whoa! Wait! I don't think I want to be fucked!" I pleaded. 

"Oh, sure you do," he responded. "Your hole opened right up for me. You loved the fingers inside of you. And look, your cock is rock solid even though it hasn't been touched since we got in the truck. Besides, haven't you enjoyed everything we have done?" 

He had me on all accounts. I hadn't even realized how hard m cock was. And it was dripping pre-cum like a faucet!

"Ok, you can fuck me. But, please, aren't you at least going to at least use a condom?"

"Don't have any. Besides, you really want to feel the actual flesh your first time. You are going to love feeling me shoot my hot load up your ass."

And with that, he lined his head up to my hole and began to push. He leaned forward to put pressure on my ass and then I felt the cock head push past the initial muscle of my asshole.

As the initial pain subsided, my body began to feel more and more pleasure with each inch that entered my ass. As he got half way inside of me, I asked him to stop. To my surprise, he did.

"Everything ok?" he asked.

"Yes, great. This feels great. It's just ... I want ... I wan to feel fucked. Slam the rest into me in one motion."

He smiled. "You really are a cock whore."

And he did as I asked. He slammed the remaining three and a half inches into my rectum at once until his pubes were touching my ass. And I watched it all. The rest of the time he was fucking me, my eyes were fixated on watching his cock move in and out of my ass. He started out slow, but quickly picked up the pace. I kept urging him on.

"Oh fuck yeah! Fuck my tight ass! Slam that hard cock deep inside of me. I fucking love it. Fuck me good and hard!"

He pulled his cock out of my ass, moved up my body and held his cock in front of my face. I greedily took it all in my mouth. All the way down my throat. I tasted my own shit on his hard cock and I loved it.

He moved back in between my knees. He slammed his cock back in, just the head, and then pulled it back out completely before pushing the head back in. He did this several times before pushing the entire thing back in to the hilt.

He kept fucking me hard, making my virgin ass raw, for a good 10 to 15 minutes. I loved every second of it. After all of that time of his hard cock rubbing my prostate, my dick twitched and shot a rope of cum all the way up onto my face without either of us touching my cock. That was filled with several more streams of cum landing on my face and chest. I eagerly scooped them up and sucked my fingers, tasting cum -- my own cum -- for the first time.

My asshole began squeezing his cock, sending him over the edge. I felt him tense and then shoot his first string of cum deep inside my ass, then five or six more. Each shot coated the inside of my ass more. He was right, I loved feeling his cum shoot deep inside of me.

"Aren't you glad I didn't use a condom now?"

Was I ever. He had been right about everything. I enjoyed it all. His would be the first of many cocks I would suck and fuck. I would never use a condom, the feeling of his cum inside of me was too hot to describe!

"Do you want to taste my cum?" he asked me.

"Can you get hard again already?"

"That's not what I had in mind," he said.

He then slid two fingers back into my ass and pulled out a glob of cum. He moved his fingers to my mouth and I opened wide. I sucked every bit of cum off his fingers, savoring the taste of his cum mixed with my shit. 

"What do you think of everything we just did?"

"More!" was my only reply.