 I rarely saw so many elders in one place, nor so many kids, as in the one all-inclusive resort I ever went to. My parents had dragged me along for some 'family bonding' or whatever they called it, which meant they wanted to spend two whole weeks like this. To express my opinion on this: there was a reason I lived in the dorms in college. The only one I could stand was my little brother, who at least shared part of my feelings for the place. He too could find no one of around his age, so we ended up separating us from our parents often. 

As the time passed by slowly, I found three things to do: tan, dive in the pool, and hang around at the bar drinking my free beer. With barely any alcohol in that beer it was difficult to numb myself to my parents' shenanigans, but I could at least take a little bit of the edge off. As long as I drank enough of it I could feel some of its influence, and if that didn't help I could go for a leak in the toilets more often than normal. 

As evening fell I would usually retreat to my own room. Luckily my parents had done that for me, instead of rooming us all together. I was more than glad they didn't consider sleeping in one room part of their family bonding. And more than often my brother joined me. We wouldn't do all too much, but nevertheless we enjoyed ourselves far more than in their room. Reading a book was much favoured over discussing what our neighbours back home had done, and actually contained some semblance of intelligence. 

My boredom, however, faded one day. That was the day I met Sean.

"Excuse me, is this seat taken?"

By the hearing of a rather deep voice I looked up from my plastic cup filled with my third beer of the afternoon. Behind my brother, Noah, stood a guy of my age, and my eyes grew wide with both surprise and joy. 

"No, it's free," I told him, and he sat down. He was well-built, wearing shorts and a tank top that revealed much of his muscular form. His blue eyes almost seemed to light up when facing my side, which contrasted his dark hair, as it was pretty much black. After ordering a beer for himself, he extended his hand towards me, past Noah.

"I'm Sean," he said as he gave me a firm handshake, then my brother. "Good to see there's some people here between the extreme averages of age here."

"I'm Mike," I replied. "And yeah, it's like some sort of plague, right?"

Noah introduced himself as well, but if my judgement was correct Sean was even older than I was, which meant he'd have more in common with me than him.

"So, what brings you guys here?" he then asked. "Surely two fella's like yourselves aren't here alone?"

I rolled my eyes and took another sip of my beer, letting Noah do the explaining. 

"Our parents took us here," he said. "To spend time bonding, or something."

"Utter bullshit, if you ask me," I added. "This entire time we've done nothing together. It's basically just me and Noah here, imprisoned by the wardens that are our parents."

"Exciting," Sean flatly responded. The boredom dripped from his voice. "So that's what's waiting for me? Damn."

"You only just got here, I take it?" I asked. He nodded.

"First day. I guess I'm lucky my parents let me go here. I can go wherever I want."

Silence returned and we were just three guys drinking their drinks. Noah wasn't old enough for alcohol, so he had some soda instead. I knew he wanted beer too, but the bartender looked strict enough to refuse. I figured the man would even kick us out when I'd let Noah have a sip of mine. All of that was easily visible with the small wristbands, coloured for convenience. Every adult over the age of 21 staying at the resort wore a red one, and all below 21 wore a blue one. Thus, my wrist was graced with red, like Sean's, and Noah had a blue band taped around his skin. 

That Noah was younger became painfully apparent when Sean and I began a conversation about college and dorms. My little brother was still in high school, so much of what we discussed was out of his league. Eventually he excused himself, telling me he'd go lying in the sun if I needed him. I nodded as an answer and Sean moved to his seat. 

"Ah, I didn't even realise I already missed this on the first day," Sean said with a sigh. "I'm glad we met, you know?"

"Yeah, me too," I replied. "You came here just in time."

He took another sip, emptying his second cup. "How about I take you to one of the nightclubs in the area tonight?"

My eyes grew wide, and my heart skipped a beat. "There's a nightclub close by?"

"There is," Sean said, laughing at my expression. "You didn't know? It's not that big, but it's something. I read about it before I got here."

Just as I was about to accept his offer, I thought of something that prevented me from going.

"Shit, man," I said instead. "I can't go, not before at least midnight."

Sean shrugged. "Then we'll go whenever you're ready."

"It's... it's not me, it's my parents. They always check up on me and Noah. He sleeps in their room, so yeah."

He then sighed and ordered another beer, trying to think of something as well.

"You could let your little brother cover for you," he then said. "Have him tell your parents you're still in your room when you're not."

"Absolutely not. I'm not leaving him to take the fall. I'll be in the lobby just after midnight, okay?"

"Sure thing."

Avoiding my parents that evening was difficult, and not telling Noah anything even more so. I felt bad for doing the latter, since he was pretty much the only ally I have at home, but he couldn't go, so if I told him I'd only have made him unnecessarily jealous. 

Luckily, though, my parents were up for an early night. Noah was called away from my room around a quarter to twelve, giving me more than enough time to prepare. Since I was going out I needed to dress properly, and not in a worn-down shirt from the back of my wardrobe I packed in a hurry. I decided on some good old shorts and a bright tank top, and completed with sneakers. This had to be my go-to nightclub garb, as much more I didn't bring with me.

By the time I entered the resort's lobby Sean was already waiting for me. He wore the same clothes as that afternoon, but he had styled his hair instead of having it natural. In my eyes he looked even better than before, and I caught myself checking him out more than once before reaching him. 

"Good morning," Sean said as he checked his phone for the time. "Right on time. No problems?"

I shook my head, and we headed outside. The cool breeze felt pleasant on my exposed skin, bringing much needed refreshment. I figured the club itself was going to be intensely hot, so I enjoyed as much of the cold as I could. Occasionally I caught Sean glancing at me when I stretched over and over again, cooling off my already sweaty armpits as well. He seemed to be enjoying himself with that.

The nightclub was little, and that was an understatement. It was tiny, miniscule, and every square meter had at least three people on it. Sweat and alcohol permeated the air, like the clouds billowing from smoke machines, and the droning bass hummed on beat. Bodies gyrating against each other, generating an amount of heat that could very likely be around forty degrees Celsius, perhaps even more. How the entire establishment hadn't yet gone up in flames baffled me, but after a few drinks none of that mattered anymore.

Sean got us some shots, and all kinds of liquor that I may not have recognised but definitely tasted great. In fact, after a few drinks everything tasted great and the music was amazing. The hours passed in a haze, spent with dancing and laughing. Being so close to Sean sent my head spinning in overdrive, and I swore I had at least one erection during that time he should have felt, but he didn't seem to mind. It was possible I felt his boner too, so I figured it was only natural.

In my drunk mind I saw him in a different light. Those blue eyes of his now stared straight into my soul whenever our eyes met, lighting up with the spotlights flashing in time with the music. His skin, covered in a thin layer of sweat, so smooth and soft-looking. I had to control myself not to touch him all over. And then his thin lips, his white teeth, and that seemingly eternal smile he constantly wore. Flashes of that image swirled in my mind even when I didn't look. It was weird, as I never thought anything like that of a guy before, but it felt normal, like I was supposed to feel this about him. And whatever I felt, I thought I knew he felt the same.

The sun already broke over the horizon by the time we exited the club. Even outside the music still boomed, or perhaps it was just my ears. I was too drunk to know, and too drunk to care. Sean was in worse shape, as he threw an arm around my shoulders and kept leaning on me as we stumbled back to the resort. His sweat mingled with mine, and each time his hairy armpits bristled past my shoulder I felt fire running down my spine. I had never been this close to a guy, and never felt this way about being close with a guy, but at that time I didn't care. Sean was hot, both in terms of temperature and looks. 

I took him to my room and put him down on my bed, where he almost immediately fell asleep. Since I felt too tired to move him anymore I just plopped down next to him and sank into a dream world immediately as I closed my eyes. 

What woke me up eventually I first thought of as the beat, and for a moment I felt myself back in the club. When I felt an empty bed around me that feeling immediately faded and I was shocked right awake. The beat I thought I heard was someone banging on my door. Also, Sean was gone. 

"Mike, are you even in there?" I heard Noah say through the door. I grabbed the first thing I could find, a shoe, and threw it at the source of the noise. Then I crawled out of bed and opened the door. 

"Wow, you look..."

"Horrible, I know."

I was fully prepared for that after getting shitfaced the night before. My eyes hurt, my head hurt, my legs hurt, my arms hurt, everything hurt. Plus, I could feel a throbbing sensation in my crotch. Luckily my shorts covered that so my brother didn't have to see me like that. 

"What happened?" he asked. I glanced around the corner, into the hallway, both sides, before pulling him in and locking the door behind me. He made a beeline for the curtains to open them, but I managed to croak something that vaguely resembled speech, telling him not to. He obeyed.

"I, uh, you remember Sean?" I began. "We, uh, went to a club and got a little drunk."

"You're joking," Noah said, but his expression changed when he realised I was far too hung-over to be making jokes. "A little drunk? How... Why... Why?"

I sighed. "Because I was bored, okay? This entire trip sucks, so I took the only chance I had to make it fun."

"By getting black-out drunk." I could hear his disdain. "Not my idea of fun."

"Trust me, spend a few more years with our parents and you'll drink more too."

He was about to reply to that when he noticed a small note lying on the table. 

"What's this?" he asked. "'Thanks for an awesome night'?"

It was Sean's, it had to be. Except it sounded like I took a girl back with me and slept with her. Or in this case, slept with Sean. Which actually happened, but we were both knock-out.

"It sounds bigger than it was," I replied. "We both fell asleep almost instantly."

The look on his face was horrible, accusing. I was sure he was disappointed with me, and when he turned and walked out the room I knew he really was. 

The bar was empty when I got there, so I dropped myself on a chair in the corner of the terrace and stared into the distance with empty eyes. Since the best remedy for a hangover was drinking even more, I ordered a cup of beer and sipped the cold drink in a lethargic mood. Many elders sitting there, including the bartender, shot me angry glances, and I swore I could see a pair of parents occasionally looking over at me with pity in their eyes, which made me feel even worse. I fucked things up, royally so.  

Lost in my thoughts I didn't see the person approaching me and seating themselves on the opposite side of my table. Somewhere far away I heard a voice, and when another cup was placed in front of me I was shaken from my mind and looked up. Sean sat there, smiling, but that smile hid a damn bad hangover. 

"Hi," he said. I remained quiet. "You okay?"

"My parents already hated me," I finally said, "and when my brother heard what I did last night he walked out on me and has been avoiding me since. I'd say I'm doing fucking good."

"None of them would've liked whatever you decided to do," he replied. "If you hadn't gone they'd think you weren't enjoying yourself enough and blamed them for it."

Now I managed a grin. He was right about that, I thought. My parents always found a way to blame me for anything that happened. And my brother, well, I didn't know. Whatever the case, he'd probably take my parents' side in everything now, so why not enjoy myself further?

"Want to go out again tonight?" I asked. "I really enjoyed myself."

"Me too. Let's do that. But first, get rid of the hangover. My head is pounding."

We laughed, and I looked a lot less lonely. It felt good, having someone who understood me as well as Sean did. Also, at least he didn't mention the awkward situation of the previous night and morning. I wasn't sure what he thought when he woke up next to me in the same bed, but it didn't bother him so much that he didn't want to speak with me again. He didn't even tell me he didn't like it either, so I silently took that as approval. 

With our plans for that night done, we still needed to pass the afternoon. Sitting at a table drinking beer for hours on end didn't seem like a very attractive option, so we went to the pool for some cooling down. We were both in real need of that anyway. Thus, we went to our rooms to put on swimming trunks and agreed to meet poolside in a couple minutes. In my excitement I changed faster than I ever did, swung my towel over my shoulder and got down at the pool before I even realised it. 

Since Sean wasn't there yet I managed to get two beds reserved just for us, as far from my family as I could. They didn't seem to notice me, or pretended not to, and at that point I just couldn't care less. After all, they were not going to ruin my fun. Not anymore. Now that I met Sean and we clicked, things couldn't get any better for me.

I had just laid myself down on the bed when a shadow appeared over me, blocking the sun in my face. The silhouette of Sean, back-dropped by a clear blue sky, stood over me, so I got up. He wore some really short trunks, but that wasn't immediately what I noticed. As much as I had figured he had quite the muscular figure, I only now could see he was lean and ripped, his skin smooth and somewhat tanned already. I always considered myself buff, placing a lot of importance in working out and maintaining the temple that was my body, and despite still being bigger than he was, it wasn't by much. The bulge in his shorts wasn't as big as mine would be in that type of clothing, but still big enough to be impressive. And the only word going through my mind was 'hot'. 

We dove into the pool simultaneously, creating a huge splash. Then we almost immediately climbed out again because the water was freezing cold, or so it seemed. Then we spent an entire afternoon just tanning, occasionally taking the time to go to the bar, get a drink and crack some jokes. For someone I'd met only a day before he was surprisingly friendly and open, so I decided to ask him some questions about himself.

"So, a guy like you must have an unending stream of girlfriends, huh?" I asked. He almost choked on his beer.

"Yeah, right," he answered. "And you'd have even more, then? You're hotter than me."

"Left and right. Except the only pussy here is either ancient or paedophilic."

He arched an eyebrow. "Really? So you must have a girlfriend back home, is that it?"

That one hurt. "I... broke up with one a few weeks ago, actually," I said. "Single as they come now. You?"

"Been single for a couple months now. Can't seem to find anyone besides an occasional one-night stand."

Well, at least some of my theory about him was right. He was good-looking enough to get plenty of sex, even though he was apparently looking for something more.

"In that case, let's find you someone to hook up with tonight, okay?"

He nodded, but something in his expression was different than before. After finishing his beer, though, that familiar smile reappeared and he was back to normal. 

"Care for another dive?" he asked. "Last one in buys drinks tonight."

I gulped down my alcohol in a mere two seconds and got up. 

"Looks like you're going to be poor tonight, then."

I ran off, Sean following close behind. He was fast, but not fast enough, as I slammed face first in the cold surface of the freezing water. When I got back up and gasped for air, I saw him standing there, on the edge of the pool, laughing. 

"I knew it," he exclaimed during bursts of laughter. "I knew you'd jump."

Angry, I splashed a whole lot of water on him and climbed out. He had gone back to the two beds we had taken, and lay down with his eyes closed before I could even mention how much of an ass he was. Oh well. 

We had dinner together, and I managed to catch a few angry glances from my parents across the dining hall, but I just smiled back. Noah looked desperate, but he probably felt he had to stand by his decision and have me come to him instead. As it seemed now, that would probably happen at the end of our holiday.

The few hours between dinner and midnight were spent in my room, on the balcony. In the fading sunlight I was properly able to shamelessly eye him up and down several times. I caught his gaze drifting to my nether regions occasionally, but I didn't mind at all. We had felt each other's dick the previous night anyway, so it felt only natural to be curious. After the first time I saw his eyes on my crotch I did the same to him as well, wondering what was below the fabric of his shorts. It had to be pretty big, judging by how it looked in his swimming trunks.

A cool breeze, the moon reflected on the ocean water in the distance, a booming rhythm connected it all. As usual the music was loud enough to hear it outside, and even louder inside, but combined with the artificial lights, smoke, and scent of alcohol and sweat made none of that matter. All that we cared about was a spot to dance on. In the middle of the crowded mass of wasted people we finally did find our place, and the music guided us for the following couple of hours.

I noticed Sean's dance moves differed from the previous night. Back then he had just danced on his own, but now he involved me in much more, including gyrating his body against mine. I could feel his throbbing, hard cock pressing against me for almost the entire evening, except when he went to get drinks. He kept himself to his promise of that afternoon and paid for all alcohol we consumed together. 

Around four in the morning he brought his head next to mine and shouted in my ear that he wanted to leave. I shrugged and complied, figuring the first night had probably been too long anyway. This was a good moment to end it. We would both have a hangover anyway.

"Getting out of that club is so nice," he said when we reached the outside air. I had to admit it felt far better than the claustrophobic tangle of people inside and all the heat they generated.

Sean wasn't as drunk as he was the previous night, and neither was I. Somehow I felt I had quite a bit more control and consciousness than then. I was far more aware of everything, albeit through a haze that still clouded my mind. We made our way back to the resort without any trouble, careful to avoid any place that had traffic. I'd bet we looked like two sober guys to anyone else, though perhaps that was the alcohol giving me the false confidence that I wasn't that drunk at all.
