 We were tooling down the highway in the early evening at a pretty good clip in my BMW Z4 Roadster when Perry started to get frisky. Perry was this hulking blond roommate of mine who also was on the football team, but who was a couple of years older than I was and played first-string tailback. I'd just started college this year and was still warming the bench, although I'd impressed the coach pretty much with my catching and running ability.

I was headed home for spring break, and I really needed a break. Between the studies, trying to keep my football scholarship, and my part-time job as a model for men's wear catalogs, I was really zonked out and needed a break.

Perry had asked me for a ride to the house of a friend of his in a town near mine, and, fool that I was, I had agreed. He was a cocky bastard--always on the move and exercising his mouth and topping any of the guys who appealed to him. The coach never said anything about this, because he was topping Perry. With Perry's status on the football team, and his hunky good looks, he didn't have too much trouble getting his cock in his ass of choice. But thus far I had held off all of his advances myself. I'd fooled around with guys in high school, but not all that seriously, and I just didn't want Perry to have any power over me.

I guess my stonewalling had only increased his determination to get into my pants, though, because he admitted to me as we tooled down the highway that he'd only asked for this ride because he wanted to do me. If I'd known that, I wouldn't have been wearing the comfortable sweat shorts and T-shirt I had on for the journey.

"Hey, I like you in that T-shirt, man," he turned and said to me, "Sets off your pecs and biceps real well. You're turning me on, Dale. Let's have the shirt off. See, mine is off."

"Cool it, Perry. Just sit back and relax. We're still several hours from home."

"Can't cool it, Dale. You're making me hot." He ran his hand up under my T and slowly worked his way up from my belly to one of my nipples. I slapped at the hand with one of mine, causing the car to swerve a bit on the pavement.

"Whoa. Hold steady, Dale. Look, you've got me excited."

I instinctively looked down in his lap, and, sure enough, his pants were tenting at the crotch, which was quite a feat, considering how tight his jeans were. I already knew he had an oversized package, because he had been careful to show it to me several times in the locker room shower.

"Knock it off, Perry." I didn't give you this ride just so you could proposition me again.

"Yes you did, sport. I didn't need this ride. I've got a car of my own. I assumed you knew that and were game. I asked for the ride because I'm dying to fuck you."

"Well, it isn't going to happen," I answered with irritation. "And put that hand somewhere else."

"Of course, anything you say, Dale," Perry answered with a laugh. His hand slowly moved back down my torso and across my belly and under the waistband of my shorts.

"Ah, very nice," he was saying as his hand got the measure of my cock.

"Stop That! We're going to crash," I yelled. And, indeed, the car was weaving in the lane. I pulled over to the slow lane and brought the car down to the speed limit.

"OK, OK," Perry answered. "That's not what I'm really interested in anyway." And with that, his fingers went under my balls and glided across the perineum in search of my asshole.

"I said stop."

"Open your legs to me," Perry commanded in a husky voice. The fingers of his other hand got entwined in my hair, and his lips went to the side of my neck. He was tracing my carotid with his tongue. For some reason, I responded to his command. I shifted my left leg over to where it was touching the door, and widened the stance on my right knee as well as I could while still keeping my foot on the accelerator. His middle finger found my asshole and pushed in up to the knuckle. I gasped and felt like my legs were turning to jelly.

"No, don't. Perry," I pleaded in a suddenly hoarse voice. "I'm trying to drive."

But he paid me no heed. His mouth traveled down my torso and swallowed my cock, which was engorging under his attention. My pelvis instinctively tilted up to meet his mouth, and he was able to get a second, and then a third finger into my asshole and to push them deeper. I felt him rubbing on my prostate. I was melting.

"God, at least let me pull over somewhere," I pleaded. Luckily I saw the sign for a turnoff into a rest area in the next mile, because he just kept on sucking and rotating his fingers in my ass.

The car was barely creeping along and I was fighting to keep it between the lines as we took the exit to the rest stop. I bypassed the well-lit car park and pulled behind the building into the truck parking lot and over to an area that was as far away from the trucks parked there as I could get.

The top was down on the roadster, and I propped my left leg up on the top of the windshield and just lay my head back on the head rest while Perry finished blowing me off and playing with his fingers in my ass. After I'd cum and he'd licked me off, he brought his lips to mine and gave me a deep kiss. The fingers of his left hand were still entwined in my hair and he was holding my head back on the armrest in a hair lock. His heel of his right hand was still lodged under my balls, and his fingers were up my ass.

"Climb over here on my lap," he commanded in that husky voice of his. "I'm going to fuck you now."

"No, you're not," I responded in a strong voice. "Not here and not now. Possibly not ever! I have to piss, so I'm going into the men's room, and then we're going on and you're not touching me again. Or I can bail you out right here." Without waiting for a response, I brought my left leg down, threw open the door, adjusted my shorts, and marched off to the building with the rest rooms.

I was standing at a urinal, pissing, when a hulking, dark-haired dude, very hairy, but handsome in a Spanish sort of way, came into the rest room. I'd seen him moving in my direction from a group of trucks across the lot as I headed for the facilities, so I assumed he was one of the truckers putting in here for a rest. He smiled at me when he entered the rest room and then moved over to the urinal at the end of the row and unzipped his pants. He rolled out a thick, but not unusually long, pecker, and held it and showed it to me before turning to toward the urinal. I got a good look at him but shifted my eyes to the tiles in front of me to let him know I wasn't interested.

Then Perry entered the rest room and unzipped himself and pulled his long cock out before he'd come anywhere close to the urinal. He took the urinal right beside me and made sexually insinuating comments all of the time our cocks were streaming. I could have died from the embarrassment.

He was finished before I was and, without unzipping, came in back of me, kissed me on the neck, and rubbed his cock on the small of my back.

"Sure you don't want some of this, honey?" he asked sweetly. "You got me worked up, and I'm dying to get my nuts off."

"Just stop, Perry. You're embarrassing yourself as much as you're embarrassing me."

A stall door banged open across the room, and both Perry and I jumped in surprise. The dark trucker at the end of the line of urinals didn't flinch, however, so he must have known someone was in that stall.

I quickly pulled my shorts up as I turned to see a mountain of a man sitting stark naked on a toilet in the stall and pulling at one of the most enormous cocks I'd ever seen. He was all muscle, with flaming red hair, worn long, in a pony tail.

"If cutie there don't want you, Blondie, come over here. I'll give you a blow job you won't forget for some time. God, look at you. You work out most of the day?"

"First-string college tailback," Perry responded with pride.

"Figures; come over here and give me a taste of that. I could tell you what a tailback is good for."

"Sure, any port in a storm."

I looked on with fascination and horror as the man mountain pulled Perry into the stall at his side and went down on his cock expertly, getting Perry to moan and gasp with ecstasy within seconds.

The guy at the end of the urinals watched for only a minute and than made like he was coming over to do the same to me, but I waved him away and stepped back. Taking the hint, he left the rest room.

"At least close the door in case someone else comes in," I said, as I pushed the stall door closed. Upon reflection, I decided that Perry getting his rocks off this way was better than continuing to hit on me for the rest of the trip, so I finally shouted at him over the door, "I'll give you fifteen minutes and then I'm pulling the car around to the car lot. If you're not back out in twenty minutes, I'm tossing your bag out and leaving you here."

I took the husky mumble I got back as agreement. So, I marched out of the restroom facility and back to the car and sat there for fifteen minutes. I noticed that the Spanish-looking guy from the men's room was sitting on a picnic table nearby and watching me. After the fifteen minutes, I turned the key in the ignition, planning to drive around to the front of the facility. But nothing happened. The car didn't start. The engine didn't even attempt to turn over. I tried it several times--nothing.

The Spanish-looking truck driver strolled over to the car, put his hand on the window ledge, and looked down at the dash board with a concerned look on his face, as if maybe he could tell from a dark dash what the problem might be.

"Got a problem?" he asked.

"Yeah, it won't start," I answered. "Guess I'll have to look under the hood."

"Sounds like that would be a waste of time. I think you need a mechanic."

"Yeah, you're probably right. Guess I'll have to call AAA."

"Doubt they'll be out here too fast," the trucker said. "And this might not be a good place for you and your friend to be after dark. It'll get dark soon."

I had to admit he was right. The truckers I'd seen here had been pretty direct about what they wanted to do with Perry and me.

"I'll tell you what, though," he said. "I know of a mechanic living nearby. I know that he works on Beamers too. I can drive you there and back, and he can get this baby fixed quick like."

"Hmmmm, I don't know. Maybe."

"All I'd ask is for the same consideration your friend was giving that trucker back in the men's room."

"What? I don't . . ."

"Just let me suck you off, like's happening with your friend, and I'll help you get this car fixed up."

I was pretty scared now. "I don't think I can leave my friend like that. In fact, I think I'd better go over and check with him before making any decisions about getting the car fixed."

"Oh, I don't think he's in any mood to be going anywhere for the moment. We have plenty of time to connect and get your car fixed before he'll be ready to go, I think."

"What do you mean?"

"Get out of the car, and come on over here, and I'll show you what I mean."

I got out of the car and followed the Spanish-looking trucker over to where a group of trucks were parked together. Beyond their trucks, shielded from the rest facilities, there was a picnic area, with tables, and I saw what the trucker meant. I saw Perry stretched out on a picnic table, totally nude. A beefy black guy with flowing dreadlocks who I'd never seen before was standing over Perry's head, his torso arched over Perry's and his mouth working Perry's cock. Perry's mouth, in turn, was working the black guy's cock. Perry's legs were splayed out, in the grip of the redheaded monster from the toilet stall, who had his dick up Perry's asshole and who was pumping away at Perry's ass. I thought idiotically for a second that Perry was being shown the redhead's definition of a tailback.

I stood there in horror and fascination--watching Perry get sucked and plowed at both ends.

The Spanish-looking trucker stood close behind me. I felt his arms go around me. He pulled my T-shirt off, and he had his big, beefy hands covering my pecs. I could feel the hardness of his cock at the small of my back.

"It looks like your friend is used to this," the man whispered in my ear. "But I'm willing to bet you aren't ready to party like that. Come with me. I'll blow you in the privacy of my truck's sleeper cabin, where none of the rest of them can see us. And they we'll go get your car fixed and you and your friend can get out of here. How about it? If you won't come with me, there's no telling what will happen to you out here."

One of his hands had traveled down below my waistband and to my crotch, and he was gently pulling my cock. Between that sensation and what I could see going on on the picnic table, I was hardening and lengthening pretty solidly. I felt trapped, wondering what would be the lesser of the evils of this situation. I made my decision as I watched the huge cock of the redhead stroke in and out of Perry's asshole. Perry was used to this; I certainly wasn't.

"Okay, I guess that would be best," I whispered, as my eyes went back to the brooding line of Trucks and I wondered what lay in wait for me in one of those foreboding cabs.