 Author's note: This story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex. 

I awoke to Big Daddy easing out the door and looked at the clock. It was just past midnight. I lay awake for a couple hours reliving the past few days, trying to figure out what it all meant. My marriage would never survive if my secrets got out. So much to lose and my mind kept drifting to the curved black cock with the elongated head and how good it felt inside me.

The ridiculousness of the last three days was beyond comprehension. I wanted it to end, but I didn't know how to stop the spiral. My cock stirred in my panties at the thought of some more Big Daddy. Even Marvin got me aroused... OK not Marvin, but his big fucking cock, that's for sure. 

I was disgusted with myself because, even now, a part of me wanted to jack off thinking about getting their cocks in my mouth. Eventually I managed to clear my mind enough to fall back to sleep. I awoke at 7:00 and got showered and dressed. Ashamed of myself I put on my semi thong panties. In my new suit, I could not help thinking about Phil the tailor and the chemistry between us.

"Stop it Robert! You're fucking married and fucking straight! Get control of yourself!" I growled. I dialed the front desk to get the stay extended and there was no answer. "WTF." I looked out the curtain toward the office. Apparently, the desk clerk was sitting down ignoring the phone. My frustration boiled over. 

I walked to the office and went in kind of hot. "Why aren't we answering the fucking phone..."

He turned quickly and I noticed the headset. "Excuse me one second mam... (he pushed the mute button.) I'm sorry Mr. Patrick but I am with a customer. I will be with you in a moment and I would appreciate refraining from screaming F bombs in the office please."

He spun back around and hit the button, "Apologies mam, we had a bit of a disturbance... So sorry you had to hear that mam. So, you'll need three rooms..."

I was embarrassed and ashamed; I can be arrogant at times but that was uncalled for. I thought about going back to the room and calling later but decided to apologize in person. I sat in a chair in the small lobby and had a half stale bagel and coffee. He seemed to be purposely dragging on the conversation to annoy me further. Although he was actively typing on the computer the entire time. He seemed like a polite guy when he checked me in and seemed fine with the woman on the phone. Getting cussed at viscously can make anyone a little pissed.

When he hung up, fourteen minutes later, he stood up and looked at me calmly, "How can I help you Mr. Patrick?" 

He was about my age, mid-twenties, about 6ft tall and apparently an ex linebacker based on his build. It seemed odd he remembered my name

"First please let me apologize, for my behavior... (I searched for the right words.) It's been a stressful couple of days..." 

"I would have thought last night would've relieved a little stress for you Mr. Patrick." He said looking at me sternly. 

I was gut punched by his words..."W, what are you talking about?" I asked looking offended.

"Four men in your room and three leave an hour later pulling up their zippers?" 

"You got the wrong room... (I looked at his name badge.) Danny... I was alone last night." I said trying to sound confident.

"He nodded toward my ring; I'm sure Mrs. Patrick would believe you until she saw the surveillance camera footage. Big Daddy leaving at midnight with his shirt unbuttoned... Do you think Marie is that understanding?" 

Ding! a text came in. "How the fuck do you know my wife's name?" I looked at the text.

Marvin: Where are you boss? Things are getting tight over here today, pressure's building.

"Your language is appalling sir. I am going to have to fine you for that. As I was saying, I'm thinking Marie did not get a good night phone fuck last night and as fiery as she looks in her running shorts, I'm guessing she is a bit disappointed. So many good photos of her on Facebook." He said staring at me.

My expression clearly gave it away that he was right, I did not call her at all. 

"I'm gonna need $200 cash for your offensive language." he said holding out his hand.

Ding! Another Text! 

"I don't have $200 and you have the wrong room! I don't know what you are talking about..." I said reading the text.

Marvin: I need your in your stall in 10 minutes panties only. 

"I just wanted to extend my room through the 30th, but I will take my business elsewhere!" I have to go. I'll be back in time to check out today..." 

"Shut up and listen Mr. Patrick. I will extend your stay through the 30th and you can come around here and test out the knees of you expensive suit while you suck my cock you arrogant little prick. Since your hot little wife isn't here to service me, your foul little mouth will work fine..." 

"Fuck you! I'm out... (He was grinning and dialing the phone.) What the fuck!" 

"Hello is this Mrs. Patrick? (I reached for the phone across the desk and he stepped back out of reach.) Hi this is Danny from the Budget Host Hotel, calling on behalf of your Husband Robert. Can you hold for just one second? No, no there is no problem, he just misses you and felt bad about getting caught up in work last night. Hold for one moment and I will connect you." he said happily, putting her on hold. "Two more hundred Mr. Patrick. Would you like to go for Five? Or are you going to do as you are told?"

I held my hands out palms facing out, signaling my compliance, afraid she could hear. "Yes! Please give me one second. I have to reply to this text."

Me: Be there in one hour. Please stop texting. This is a business phone!

"Ok, you win. I will bring you $400 later. I'm sorry, I was an asshole. OK?"

"First you will talk to your wife and tell her how much you miss her and then you will suck my cock, or I will pick up the phone and break that pretty little girl's heart, Asshole! I like that name for you, I'm glad you came up with it."

He handed me the phone.

Ding! 

Marvin: Now Bitch

"Hi Sweetness, I miss you!" I said typing

"Your timing is great Sweetie; I was a little miffed." Said Marie disappointed. "Thanks for the call and nice touch using the hotel guy. You're so romantic. I really miss you. We had a date Wednesday night and now nothing for a week and half. Not fair at all!" 

Me: Stuck at the hotel. Be there ASAP!

I only heard part of what she said, my mind raced between Danny and Marvin and trying to keep either one of them from blowing up my marriage and my career all at once.

Ding!

"I am so sorry Sweetness... (I read the text and my mind went blank.) I will..."

Marvin: I'm hitting send! (I recalled the e-mail he threatened to send to everyone, with the Big Daddy video attached.)

Me: Family emergency be there soon! Please!

"You will what?" She asked sounding miffed again.

"I'll make it all up to you I promise baby. I can't stop thinking about you and how you looked the other morning," I said in my best romantic voice. I gave a pleading look to Danny the Psycho desk clerk.

Danny spoke, so I covered the phone to keep Marie from hearing. I missed everything she was saying, "You've got some real issues Mr. Patrick. I feel sorry for that poor woman. You better watch out or someone like me is gonna come along and fuck her for real and your little double life party is over," he gripped his cock. "Ready asshole?"

Ding!

"...and when you're done, can we take a vacation?" Said Marie, in a sweet sexy voice. 

"That sounds perfect, Sweetness. Can't wait, I love you so much. I better get going I got a lot of work to do." I clicked off the cordless phone.

Marvin: It better be good or there'll be hell to pay.

I took a quick sigh of relief. At least he wasn't hitting send on a life destroying e-mail. I can think of something on the way after I deal with Danny Boy.

"I'm gonna make you work for this Asshole," he said looking pissed. "Come around here and hit your knees. It's apology time." 

"Dude, this isn't funny. I will stay here for the duration and I will bring you the money later. I was an ass and you did do me a huge favor with the wife. But whatever you thought you saw last night never happened and I need to get to work. Have a great day and no hard feelings," I said turning toward the door. 

"If you're not working my dick by the time, she answers Asshole..." 

I could hear the phone redialing, "Stop please, I'll..." 

He held the phone to his ear with his left hand, leaned his right elbow onto the front desk countertop. I ran around the opening at the end of the counter. He grinned knowingly. As I dropped to my knees, the third ring was beginning. 

"Please!" I reached for his belt buckle. 

As I gripped the buckle with both hands, he hung up and smiled down at me. "That's more like it Asshole. I never had a guy suck my dick before, but an arrogant fancy dressed asshole like you ought to be extra satisfying." 

My anger and humiliation were at all-time highs. Three days ago, I was king of the fucking world and now completely out of control of everything. Forced to suck a stranger cock in the lobby of a dump of a hotel in a $500 suit. I needed to end this as quickly as possible so I could... It hit me again. I needed to finish so I could go service Marvin Frickin' Welsh's cock! How the fuck did I let any of this happen!

I unbuckled the belt and the clasp of his black uniform pants. He smiled down arrogantly and any hope of begging him to let me go was squelched. I peeled open the front flaps of his pants and revealed, a pair of tan boxer briefs. I gripped the briefs and exposed a thick dark bush. His pants bound up the underwear, so I gripped them on the sides and wiggled them down past his knees.

The bulge in his exposed boxer briefs was substantial. I looked up again to see a smug little grin before his eyes patrolled the outside parking lot. At least he was keeping watch. 

I pulled down the sides of his briefs slowly to expose a dark bush and a flaccid cock that seemed to keep going as the waist band slid down. A six-inch flaccid cock popped out from the briefs and twitched when my breath hit it. The sight of it made my own cock begin to stiffen despite his softness. 

His balls were nearly hairless, but his legs were definitely hairier than mine. I lowered my upper body, tilted my head back and leaned in. I extended my tongue and lifted the head of his cock just enough to take it into my open mouth. Then I wiggled my head side to side and took in the length of his soft dick. My lips pressed forward to his balls as I swirled my tongue and sucked hard. When I pulled back, he stretched to 9 inches. Just before his head popped out, I plunged him back into my mouth. I repeated the process and felt him grow with each pass.

He moaned softly, gripped my hair and pulled me off with a pop, when the suction broke. "Slow down Asshole... (He thought for a second looking down at me.) Suck it like you would want one of your faggot butt buddies to suck your dick. I want the best blowjob of my life Asshole. You know what feels good. Pretend your showing your wife how to give a blowjob by sucking one of your faggot buds in front of her."

The thought was disgusting, but I got the point. What would I like...?

I gripped his cock in my right hand and took him in my mouth swirling the tongue on the underside of his cock head and reached down to untie his left shoe. He moaned and began to rock his hips slightly. I peeled off the shoe and pulled his pants and underwear off his leg and slowly pushed his legs apart.

By then, his cock had stiffened to the point it hung a little less than straight out when I pulled off. Next, I extended my tongue and licked the underside of his growing tool, from the head to the base of his ball. Then, I straightened my head and tongued the underside of his sack slowly as his shaft was pinned between his belly and my forehead. His warmth and hint of salty sweet taste got my cock tingling. 

When I took in a breath though my nose, I drank in his musky, manly smell. My cock burst to full hardness almost immediately. I moaned louder than him as my cock pressed against my suit pants.

His sack was round and hung tight to his body. The soft wrinkled skin on my tongue and the warm smooth skin of his growing cock on my face combined with his scent consumed my thoughts. The taste caused my mouth to water as I coated his balls with my warm saliva. I ran my tongue between his sack and inner thighs intensifying his taste and scent. My hands reached up between his legs and caressed his firm naked ass, sending a new pulsing wave through my shaft. 

He rested on his right arm leaning on the desk and placed his left hand on the back of my head. That somehow excited me more knowing he did not want me to stop. I gently sucked his left nut into my mouth tickling him with my tongue. The skin on his ass was remarkably soft as my fingers caressed him and my tongue worked its magic. 

Suddenly the phone rang causing me to jump nervously. His hand pressed gently on my head. He stood up, spread his legs wider for balance and used his right hand to answer. "Budget Host Hotel, Danny speaking, how may I help you?" 

I tried to back away, but he pushed my head back against him, forcing me to continue. 

"Oh, hi Mrs. Patrick, good to talk to you again. What can I do for you?

Marie! Again, I tried to pull away again, but he held me firmer this time. 

"Oh no, everything is fine, I accidently hit the redial when I was calling corporate. Sorry to bother you." he said with a subtle grunt.

I think Big Daddy's cock drunk theory was true. When I realized Marie was on the phone and he was not calling me out, I continued without hesitation. I tongued my way back up the bottom of his now stiff nine-inch pole, and plunged my mouth onto him, giving me a dose of his pre-cum that had begun to leak from his stiff cock head.

"Yeaaaah, he is a good guy. He has some big things to deal with right now, but I can tell you he takes it all like a cha, amp... Oh yeah, I'm Ok, just a little stiff, quite the work out this morning."

I was slowly and deliberately pushing him into my mouth forcing him a little further into my throat each time, pulling back out to the tip with my tongue in constant motion. 

"Yeah, he is hard at work... dove right in after he hung up with you... you should be proud. He does have a lot on his plate with the new visitor center. But I can tell you he seems able to swallow whatever life shoves down his throat." He said hitting the mute button. "Oh, Damn Asshole, magic fucking tongue!" 

He unmuted the phone, "Good idea... Yeah, we can do that... Excellent plan. Sounds like you're both lucky. I do hope to meet you sometime. Have a great day."

He looked down smiling. "The theory is correct; guys give the best blow..."

"Bobby! Is that you doing your thing again? You really have a one-track mind boss!" Said Marvin, peeking over the counter.

I pulled off leaving Danny's boner pointing at the ceiling and swinging sided to side.

"Mr. W, w, elsh... " Stuttered Danny.

"Relax, Danny, I understand. He took care of me yesterday and apparently he double booked this morning..."

Danny bent to get his pants back on.

"No, no let him finish, he knows how to take you all the way, trust me. But you need to do it right. Let's get Bobby in uniform and I'll leave you to it." Marvin took a step back. "Show him your panties Bobby and then you can get back to bob, bob, bobbin your head." 

I looked up at Danny, who suddenly regained his arrogant grin. "Panties? Really Mr. Patrick? Do you wear them for Marie?" He said laughingly.

"Please, guys..." I pleaded.

There was no sympathy in Danny's eyes, and I expected non from Marvin.

"Boss, place your clothes on the counter please. You may wear your panties only. I will leave you your keys and cell phone. You will do whatever you need to do to our friend Danny and then, remaining in you cocksucker uniform, you will drive to work and wait form me in your stall. Am I understood Bobby?" he asked with authority.

"Yes Marvin," I untied my tie.

"Good, you did learn something yesterday Bobby! To be clear, you may not go to your room, for clothes, you may not cover yourself in any way. You will drive to the visitor center and go to your stall and text me when you are ready to service me," he commanded. "I will let you know afterward if there will be additional punishment for lying. Family emergency? Is Danny a relative Bobby?"

I did as commanded. Remaining behind the counter, I removed everything but my panties and placed the items one by one on the counter. As I did so, Danny, mocked me by swinging his boner like a ball bat. "Move it along Asshole, I got quite a load built up for you." Said Danny. He rocked his hips form side to side.

"Looks like your winning personality made the usual impression on Danny here," said Marvin, sarcastically. "I'm sure your panties will cheer him up."

"Oh yeah, he is a real peach Marvin. How'd this little prick get to be your boss? (I rolled onto my ass and wiggled out of my pants.) Holy shit! You weren't kidding. Pretty damn queer Asshole. Damn your boner is hanging out. Did you steal those from your wife Asshole?" He asked mocking me. "Have you seen his wife Marvin? She is a gorgeous little firecracker. Not sure how Panties here can turn her crank."

"He definitely married up. After yesterday, I got a pretty good idea how he got where he is today. It's not what you know it's who you blow, they say. The Governor seems to like him an awful lot. I'm thinking he might have also gotten to his father in law. Those rich guys are into some strange shit sometimes. If you have a phone, you may want to film it. He loves that." Said Marvin. I was reminded he made a video yesterday.

"Good Idea Marvin," he grabbed his cell phone.

Marvin leaned over the counter and took my pants from me. Then he sat the keys and phones on the counter.

"Why two phones Bobby?" He asked 

"Big Daddy made me get one so he could talk to me." I replied shamefully.

"This must be it... Oh my, nice pics Bobby. I'll leave you that one with your. I need my copy of our encounter from yesterday on the this one. He held up the bundle of my clothes and said, "These will be waiting for you in my office. See you soon Boss! By the way Danny, no matter how much he begs don't let him cum."

Damn, I hated Marvin. I turned back to Danny, who sported an evil grin and looked down at me holding his phone up. His cock was pointing up about 45 degrees, still quite stiff and a full Nine inches not glistening as much as my saliva was beginning to dry.

"Stand up and turn around, I want to get a good look at those panties Asshole." He giggled.

I did as commanded and quickly dropped back to my knees behind the counter wanting this to end. Sadly, my desire to end this encounter was as much to get another load of hot cum in my mouth as it was to end the humiliation. 

His cock was long and skinny with a few rippling veins intermingled in the shaft. It was perfectly straight with a nice defined ridge around the head that fit perfectly in my mouth. I opened and took his head back in, rubbing my tongue on the tip to get another taste of his sweet pre-cum. 

"That's it Mr. Patrick, use that tongue buddy. You are getting me stiff again after that rude interruption. I guess it wasn't rude, I did get to see your sissy panties. You like me seeing you like this don't you?" he asked pushing deeper into my mouth. I looked up at him as I got him halfway in. "Look at those eyes Asshole. You really like that in your mouth, don't you?"

"I nodded since my mouth was full of cock and shoved him all the way in opening my throat and forcing my lips to touch his pubes.

"Fuck Asshole, you can deepthroat, daaammmmn" he gripped my hair and pulled out.
