 I awoke around 4:45 on my belly, my red panties a little twisted and crusted with dried cum. I could feel Big Daddy's deposit oozing down my taint and hardening in the panties. I could not believe, this was not some kind of twisted dream but my stretched leaking asshole took away all doubt. Twelve hours ago, I was kissing my beautiful wife and leaving for another routine day at work. Now I lay here replaying the memory of sucking cock twice and feeling a stranger's cum seeping from my asshole. My cock was stirring at the thought...

I tried to think about what to do next when it occurred to me, I might be able to make it back to Larry's Clothing yet today. If I could do that, I could surprise my buddy Marvin, bright and early and catch him slacking off. I quickly called, and they answered on the second ring.

"Larry's Clothing, how may I help you?" the familiar voice said. 

"Hi is this Phillip?" I asked relieved he answered.

"Yes, it is. Is this Mr. Patrick?"

"Yes..."

"Your suits are ready. Are you running late?" He asked politely.

"Unfortunately, I am. How late are you open?"

"5:30 sir. Will you..."

"Damn, I can't make it by then..."

"I'll be here until around 7:00 if that works. The shop will be closed but I will be doing alterations in the back. Just Ring the bell and I will let you in." He said.

"Great! I love you Phil. You are a life saver! See you soon." I said happily.

I took a shower and headed back to beautiful Sidney Nebraska, in my new kakis and polo from Wal-Mart. On the way I received a text from Big Daddy. 

Big Daddy: Where's my panty pic?

I did not respond but could not help thinking about how exhilarated I was looking at myself in them. 

I arrived at Larry's and was greeted by Phil in his gray suit and navy vest. He was about 30 with light brown hair curly and long on the top and buzzed on the sides. He wore an ear ring and spoke with a lisp. 

"Glad we could make this work for you Mr. Patrick. Let's try them on and make sure they fit ok. They are in the back. Right this way, and you'll get to see what goes on behind the curtain."

"Call me Robert," I said, following him through the curtain into the back room. There was a neat little desk and a large table for laying out and cutting fabric. Three sewing machine tables were off to the left with three racks of suits and sport coats next to them. To the right was the old-style triple mirror with raised floor for full body viewing.

He removed his jacket and hung it on the rack. Then he grabbed a suit off one of the racks and pointed to the pedestal floor in front of the mirrors. I stepped up and he held the jacket open behind me. I slid my arms in and he placed it over my shoulders. Then he patted the shoulders down and ran his hands down my arms. When he reached the sleeve ends, he pinched them and pulled them tight, smiling over my shoulder looking at me in the mirror.

"Looks really good so far," he said as our eyes met in the mirror. 

His smiling face looked like a second head on my shoulder. He patted my arms and walked around to face me. The vest he wore fit tightly against his back, highlighting a nice round ass that acted like a magnet to my eyes. 

He flattened the front of this suit running his palms down my chest, before kneeling down, and tugging on the tails. He leaned back a little squatting before me, eyeing the jacket to make sure it hung evenly.

"Not bad at all." He then brought me the pants and pointed to a back room. "You can go in there to change the pants Mr. Patrick." 

"That's OK I said. Just us, right?" I said taking off my pants in front of the mirror. 

My briefs were a bit of a disappointment after the red panties earlier. Suddenly, my mind had me thinking of showing off my panties to Philp before helping him out of his suit, dropping to my knees and sucking his cock.

"Stop!" I screamed to myself. "You are married to a beautiful girl!"

I put on the pants and he again squatted in front of me pulling and prodding and sliding his hands down both legs making sure the pants looked good. I could not control my roaming dick. It had a mind of its own, trying to escape the new pants. 

Philip stood back up dangerously close to me. He smiled as he ran the lint brush on my shoulders. Our eyes met as the scent of his cologne hit me. My cock was going for full on boner. 

By the time he got to the second pair of pants, I had no choice but to go to the back room to change them out. Otherwise my hard-on would be front and center in three giant mirrors. 

"Everything OK Mr. Patrick... Robert?" He asked confused by my sudden shyness.

"I'm fine," I said keeping my back to him as I went into the back room.

I put on the new pants after straightening my cock and holding it to my stomach with my underwear waist band, to minimize the tent effect. I hiked the pants up a little high to help as well. 

When I returned, he stepped in behind me, again looking at me in the mirror. He reached around me and buttoned the jacket looked me up and down from over my shoulder and then unbuttoned and pulled the jacket back. 

He let out a half hum half sigh," Hhhmmm," before giving me the head toe once over.

He stepped around grabbed the jacket flaps and spread them apart glancing down my legs and back up. He had a puzzled look as he squatted down in front of me. My eyes locked on his ass in the mirrors as he bounced it up and down slightly. He brushed my legs with his palms again. His touch, his cologne, his ass had me stiff. I was ashamed of myself wondering where all this came from. Twelve hours ago, I was straight and happy, now I saw the back of his head in the mirror, at the level of my crotch and could only think how it might feel if he took me in his mouth...

He gripped the cuffs of my pants and pulled straight down pulling my pants down an inch or so. 

"That's better, they were riding a little... (His eyes widened as they panned up my legs to my bulging cock.) high," he said leaning back a little trying not to stare but unable to hide a little smile. "These pants just seemed to fit a little funny, or is it just me?"

He stood back up and spun around behind me, again reached around and pulled my jacket apart. "How's this look to you?" He asked holding my jacket open.

I stared at my crotch hoping it really wasn't as noticeable as it seemed to me. "No, I think they're fine." I said nonchalantly. 

He circled back around and assumed the squat again. I imagined his warm lips sliding over my boner. "Stop!" I screamed in my head as his hands slid down my left leg. When they reached my ankle he brought them back up to run down my left leg. I could feel his left hand accidentally touch my balls before sliding down again.

"I guess there ok he said looking up at me, his face only inches from my tightly stretched pants. "Is there anything else I can do for you Robert? Anything at all?" He asked smiling up at me. His eyes were a unique shade of green, I noticed as I began drift into them. 

Without realizing, I reached my left hand out to stroke his hair when I glimpsed my wedding ring. I jerked it back and backed up off the mirror pedestal. 

"They're fine, thank you." I said trotting to the changing room. "I'll take em!"

I quickly paid and practically ran to the car. I sat there not able to think. My mind reeled between calling my wife, running back in a fucking Phil's nice round ass or pleasing Big Daddy any way he wanted. My cock had not been this nonstop hard since I was 15 and whacking off three times a day, It occurred to me, I had already cum three times today and I wanted to go again. 

I decided to call my wife and began to dial when the Big Daddy phone rang. Why did I ever buy this thing? Why did I go back to him this afternoon and why was I answering?

The feel of his powerful body fucking me was like nothing I had ever felt. His curved cock filling my hungry mouth. I needed it again. 

"Yes?" I answered disgusted but excited at the same time.

"You always know what I wanna hear," he said full of himself. "But you still haven't sent me the picture of your ass in the red panties. If I don't get it in the next 30 minutes, I will have to punish you tomorrow. "Did you like that spanking today, is that it?"

"No, I didn't! Thank you very much!" I said sounding like a petulant child. 

"Do you want me to cum in your mouth again?

"N..." (Why did I stop?)

"What's that Robert?" he asked in his deep soothing voice.

From that first moment in the stall when a little leaked into my mouth. I have craved that taste.

"Robert?" He asked softly. "Be honest please..." 

I tried to say no... the gush of hot cum into my mouth, the creamy hint of sweetness as his hard cock pulsed in my mouth and knowing I was the cause of his pleasure. That feeling was so powerful... I was so hard again.

"Yes, Big Daddy." I said surrendering myself yet again.

"Yes, What Robert?"

"Yes, I want you to cum in my mouth Big Daddy." 

If he'd have asked, I would have jacked off in parking lot right then and there.

"Then why would you deny me Robert?" I could cut you off right now. "Is that what you want Robert?" he asked gently, his voice so soothing.

The voice in my head was unable to speak before the words left my mouth, "No Big Daddy... Please, I'll do whatever you want..."

"Send me the pic and tomorrow at six you will get your wish. I have quite a surprise arranged for you, It would be sad if you had to miss it." 

"Ok but I need more time. I'm and hour away and the panties are in the hotel room..."

"You were wearing them when I asked you Robert. Mr. Jones would have complied immediately. Maybe I should go back to old reli..."

I cut him off, "No, I'll do it! 30 Minutes! I need to go though. OK" I said quickly. 

I could be at Walmart in 10 minutes...

"Thank you, Robert," he said hanging up.

I was nearly running into the Store and was disappointed by the lines I saw at check out. I decided to grab the panties and some pants and go to the dressing room to take the picture. My mind kept replaying the feel of his hands caressing me through the panties. His big hands were so gentle... He made me so hard with just his fingertips...

There were three pairs of the Red Cali Chic Naughty Knicker Panties. I took them all and put them under a pair of pants draped over my arm and headed for the dressing room. The attendant was a well-trained motherly lady in her 50's. Before I could go in, she asked for the pants. The panties were revealed when I did.

"Those will have to stay out hear sir. I can hold them for you while..."

I glanced at my watch. 13 minutes to go. "Oh, I just remembered something. I'll get the pants later. I'll just buy the panties for my wife for now. Thanks"

She had been kind of staring at my crotch as I took the panties and nearly ran to the check out. I looked down and my pre-cum had made a wet spot through my kakis at the end of my visible boner. I untucked my polo shirt and stretched it down to cover myself. The line at the self-check out was ten deep and the full-service lines were worse. 

I finally got through and immediately jogged to the rest room with four minutes to go. The handicap stall was occupied and there was one stall available. I locked the door and stripped. There were no hooks, so I balled my clothes up on the floor next to the toilet, ripped open the bag and put on the lace thong panty. The image of his eyes when he first saw me in them made my cock stir and heart race. 

I grabbed my phone and put it in camera mode... 2 minutes. I squatted on my knees on the toilet, ass toward the door held the camera behind me and selfied my semi naked ass. I turned and sat with my hard-on sticking out the top of the panties 4 full inches. I quickly sent it and sat there catching my breath. 

I was disappointed the dressing room lady had stopped me. I would have loved to see myself in the mirror. His hands felt so good tracing the outline of the panties with his fingers earlier. I leaned back and spread my legs and snapped a photo of my cock hanging out over the waist band. It looked hot, if I do say so myself. Without thought I sent it off too.

Then I pulled the panties down stretching the waist band down below my balls, showing my full stiff cock. I snapped the photo and ogled it for a moment before sending it also. Lastly, I got back up on the toilet seat, ass in the air. I pulled the panties partly down and pulled my balls through the little triangular opening below the waist band in the back and snapped another photo, just as an older gentleman, pulled on the door hard enough the latch gave way and the door whipped open.

"Whoa, sorry!" he said "eyes as big as saucers" (As My grandpa used to say.)

I spun into the sitting position as the door slammed closed. He shuffled away, and I quickly threw my clothes on over the red panties. I sat waiting a moment and it sounded like the coast was clear so I stepped out, relieved the bathroom was empty. When I stepped out my peeping Tom was sitting on the bench apparently waiting for his wife. 

He gave a knowing grin when I made eye contact. I lowered my head and quickly evacuated the Wal-Mart. I got to the car and closed the door, leaned back in the seat and slunk down. There were a couple of texts on the Big Daddy phone.

Big Daddy: Nice Robert! One minute to spare.

Big Daddy: Whoa! Bonus Pics. There's that beautiful cock!

Big Daddy: In the bathroom stall! Our first date!

I looked at the last pic of my exposed ass and balls. "Got it, might as well send it!"

I hit send and started to drive, as his reply came back. I stopped in the parking lot to read it.

Big Daddy: Wow, that's my favorite. I see your tight little asshole Robert. I want you to pose like this in our stall, so I can fuck that little ass in those panties!

That thought stayed with me the rest of the evening, until I faded off to sleep around 10:00PM wearing my new panties.

My 6:00 AM wakeup call blasted me awake. For a moment I held out hope yesterday was a dream. I reached out for Marie... nothing. I could feel my cock hanging out of my underwear. I felt the red lace... It was real... Shit! I never called Marie! Suddenly all the events of yesterday flooded my mind. I lay there in disbelief for a few minutes and then got myself going.

"Get up and Move, let's go bust Marvin's ass. Maybe I can fire him today! Get this place opened and get the hell out of Dodge. 

I got dressed, in my new suit. (Compliments to Philip for his fine tailoring) Mmmm... Philip.

Looking sharp I headed for the rest stop I would get there bright and early and surprise Marvin. I pulled in about 7:15 and (Damn It!) Marvin's truck was in the parking lot. As I feared, the red flags had gone up for him yesterday, so the element of surprise was gone. I walked to his office and he was sitting at his desk working on the computer.

"Whoa, Good morning boss man. I didn't think you'd be here until 11:00. Good timing though. I was just drafting an e-mail for you to send to Nancy and President about the great job I'm doing keeping to the new timeline." He said calmly.

"What are you talking about Marvin. Since when do you draft e-mails for me? And what makes you think..."

Easy Boss have a seat. I'm 100% confident once you see my status report, you'll want to send this right away." He said turning one of his two computer screens around showing a power point presentation, slide. "Let me just shut the door so we're not disturbed."

As he did that, I sat down in the chair and looked at the Screen. The slide was labelled Julesburg Welcome Center Status report. There were several lines with boxes at the start with green check marks in the boxes.

Parking lot paving and Painting:" Complete and on-time"

Landscaping: Compete and on time.

Security Plan and Personnel: Complete and on time

Facilities Maintenance Plan and Personnel: Complete and on time

Visitor Center Personnel and Resources: Complete and on time

Traffic Flow and Safety Review: Complete.

He sat back down and looked at me smiling. "You see all is well and on schedule. I'm glad you got here early so you can sign off and I can enjoy my days off."

I glared at him pissed off and confused," Marvin, what the fuck are you talking about, this

project has been a disaster. "You're $3.6Million over budget and 13 months behind schedule. It's really bad timing for an attempt at humor. Your job is on the line here buddy. We cannot afford any more delays, which is why I will be here until the opening. Now, I want you to walk me through the status of all these categories, what exactly is going on and the remaining action items." 

"Relax Robert. It's all under control. I am sure you will agree, in just one minute. Let's start with the security plan first..."

Ignoring the rage that washed through me from his tone, when he told me to relax, I watched as he minimized the power point and brought up the surveillance cams. There were fifteen motion activated cameras throughout the facilities and 4 permanent cams at the on and off ramps and entry points to the main building. They all seemed to be functioning.

"We have already had our first criminal activity caught on surveillance this week," he said clicking on a file on his computer.

It brought up a view of the men's rooms. It's view covered the sinks and a side view of the stall aisle, angled so as not to show urinals or toilets. My heart sank as I saw myself walk into camera range. Although I was not definitively identifiable since it was a glimpse of my profile before a view of my back walking toward the stalls. A few seconds after I entered the stall a large back man in a white long-sleeved, button down shirt and black slacks came into view, hesitated a moment before working the latch mechanism and entering the same stall.

"Frankly, I was completely shocked at your behavior Robert. You're married to a beautiful professional lady from an affluent family..."

"You weren't there and didn't hear what went on Marvin!" I yelled leaning forward in my chair.

"Robert. please sit down and shut the fuck up." he screamed at an alarming volume. From day one you've been an overbearing prick and I am out of patients with you. You will watch the tape listen to the audio and then I will tell you how it's going to be. One more word a I hit send on this e-mail. If you understand what I just said answer "Yes Marvin"..."

He switched to another window with his e-mailed labeled "Disturbing Video". The To: line had my boss Nancy, my secretary, the governor and more. It started with Governor Hickenlooper, it is with a heavy heart I am compelled to report some disturbing behavior pickup on our new security systems...

"Yes Marvin!" I cut in, sitting bolt upright in the chair. 

"Very good Robert. For the duration of our meeting you will contain your comments to "Yes Marvin" or "No Marvin" when I ask you a question. "Do you understand?"

"Yes Marvin." I said calmly.

"Good boy Robert," he said with a condescending smile. (My body shook with anger and fear combined.) "Now, you may not know the camera in the restroom does have a voice activated microphone as well, so let's watch the show, shall we Robert?"

"Yes Marvin."

The camera rolled on the apparently empty bathroom when the audio kicked in.

Me: "I'll give you all $400, please!

Big Daddy: "Wow, No one's ever paid that much to suck my Cock. Thanks Robert Patrick." this sounds like fair compensation..." (Static followed.) 

Big Daddy: "Mmmmm, soft lips Perty Boy...Oh shit, you gotta soft tongue too Perty Boy. Easy Robert! I wanna enjoy this a little." 

After a brief pause

Big Daddy: "Are you ready to start again, Perty Boy?

Me: "I want to suck your cock Big Daddy, Please!"

The well edited video went on to me screaming as he made me cum and gave a clear image of me cleaning the cum out of my hair and off my suit as I exited the stall. He mercifully cut it off.
