 Before i finish the story, Sorry for the lateness of it but i had some health problems i had to take care of and i wanted to have a good idea on where to go with the story.

***

So as King got behind me looking at me lustfully as i did to his monster cock, i started to wonder how much its going to hurt even after i was opened up by Peter and Derek's dicks. Even though they were the biggest I've had yet, they still don't compare to Kings massive member. I was about to hyperventilate when king slammed his fat, heavy cock on top on my hole sliding up and down between my cheeks. King said in a low smoky voice "Don't worry boy, i will be gentle". Him saying this made me feel somewhat at ease but i still knew it was going to hurt only because the other two cocks were nowhere near as thick as king, or as long even if his was only 3-4 inches longer than Derek.

Peter and Derek were looking at me on all fours breathing hard making me almost pass out which might have been preferable compared to taking kings cock. I think they wanted to see me scream when King started to fuck me which he said he was going to take it slow and i actually believed him when he said that but he had different plans in mind like making me scream and rip me open. He was fully hard after rubbing his cock up and down in between my small ass but then he looked up at Pete and Derek with a big smile and he must have motioned for them to come over cause all of the sudden they were at my sides one each holding me down. "what the hell are you two doing!!" i said. My heart was beating faster and faster and the fact that i did a few lines of snow didn't help. I was so scared of what was to come and they knew it and even thrived on it.

I passed out from the fear and knowing what was to come. I think i made myself pass out thinking if i did, it would help with what's going to come. Water, it was everywhere and it kinda stung my eyes... the smell was... well when my head was lifted up i immediately knew what happened and king was even kind enough to throw me a towel, "this will be the only kindness i will show you". The two were still holding my arms down to the ground but he was right because it felt like i was ripped in two, a blinding pain and searing through me and it made me weak to even try and fight back. Alls i could do was just accept it and try to enjoy it but I'm not sure how. I still had about 5-6 lines left so i said to king "please just show me one more kindness and let my finish my coke"... I waited as only the tip of his monster was still inside me and i kept waiting for what felt like hours but i felt relief as he pulled his dick out and I breathed a sigh of relief but after he pulled it out i felt empty in more than one way. 

I knew two things that were going to help me get through this and that was breathing while trying to relax and enjoy it and the rest of my snow which i quickly did on the dirty floor in front of me but given what was all happening i didn't think that was the worst thing that it was on a dirty floor and i was starting to feel numb which i guess king didn't like too much so he tossed me a bottle of poppers to make me feel a little more which i did and i think its going to be a good night.

My hole was still open enough for king to put his cock back in my hole and i was feeling full already which felt amazing with what i was on and how i was feeling. i was really starting to like what was happening and it could be what i was on or the fact i have started to get used to his size but that was about to change as he was pushing it further and further in. He got to around 10 inches in and i could already feel it in my stomach which hurt but then i thought i would throw him for a loop. I screamed loudly with a mix of pain and pleasure as i pushed back, my ass hitting his shaved mound and he was taken aback by that.

"Well it looks like i got myself a real little cock slut here" then he laughed as he grabbed my hips and pulled out then rammed back in, the pain still there as i have not gotten fully used to his size or even his girth cause i could feel my asshole being pushed in and out like a plastic bag caught on a fence in a windstorm. in and out and repeat like clockwork he fucked my ass in a constant motion and it was feeling amazing. Derek and Peter let go cause they could see i was having a good time and wanted to join in and i happily obliged them as Derek started to face fuck me i was giving Peter a amazing handjob and i could tell by the look on his face, his mouth open, his eyes closed shut but then opening like he saw the face of god and even Derek was making some of the same facial jesters. I smiled cause i knew it was the best they have ever had or maybe will ever have. 

King was picking up the pace and i was loving every inch he plowed into me, over and over again and again i mean it was like my whole body was giving me one big continuous orgasm and of course by his fist of a cock pounding my tight hole and it was only tight because of his size cause if he were to take it out then you could fit a can of tennis balls into there with room to spare. King was making my ass red as he pounded my ass and i was trying to moan but with little luck as Derek's cock was being shoved down my throat. Derek and Peter switched and in that time i was moaning loudly given what Kings cock was doing to my pour little boy pussy. 

I wondered how long this could go on for but before i could even think of a time Peter shoved his cock in my mouth and moaned so loudly i thought he was going to explode and not in the way i wanted and i felt it, a thick salty cream shoot and hit the back of my throat. I tried to swallow as fast as he shot it into me but he was so horny his balls emptied completely into my mouth, even though i couldn't breathe i loved it for some reason. I hated the taste but loved the feeling and that was enough to make me love it and stand the taste of his very salty cum but i swallowed as much as i could and as he moved away Derek took his place but just knelt there in front of me stoking his big cock, like a one eyed black snake staring me down waiting for me to blink first which when i saw white i did. He didn't shoot as much as Peter but it was still enough and he came hard enough to give me lube as he shot over my head and landed in the start of my ass crack, it slided down onto kings cock and king even said thanks for the help, he was starting to dry out and that was a pretty amazing shot like he meant to do it. 

My face was covered with his cum and part of my back as well which i loved the feeling of that warm liquid hitting my skin. So alls that left was the monster to get off which i didn't want to i mean the feeling of his cock in me was amazing, that arm of a cock pounding my hole, his balls slapping against mine and the shear force of him pulling me back down onto his dick was just a whole other level of pleasure mixed with pain. I could barely feel my ass besides the pain but i felt his dick pulse a bit and he was starting to moan louder and thats when i really felt even more full which i didn't even think was possible. At first it felt normal i mean there was a warm feeling inside of me but it didn't stop after 4-6 spurts of his seed... no it was more like 20 and he didn't mention to me that he had hyperspermia which I'm sure you can guess is where they cum a massive amount and oh my god did he ever. 

Even with his massive cock making a air tight seal with my tight boi-pussy, that cum was dripping out of me by the ounce. He pulled out and with it came about a water bottle size of cum and i fell to the floor breathing hard after the pounding he and his massive monster cock was giving me and as i lay there, my hole gaping and cum dripping out of my ass, mouth and face i smiled as did my future daddy whom will give me many many more adventures and amazing cum filled exotica. 

***

Hope you liked that story finishing the restroom story line but i am thinking about other stories so should i continue kings storyline but in a different place or try out a new story line? Anyone want to discuss about ideas?