 "My truck's just over here," the trucker said. He led me over to a huge semi with a large cabin behind the driving compartment. He opened the door to this cabin, and I saw that there was a short-lengthened twin-sized bed in it along with some shelves, a compact john, and a small refrigerator and cooking unit. The bed was covered with pillows and there were shiny hold bars on the cabin wall at either end of the bed.

"There, stretch yourself up on those pillows and get comfortable," he said in a friendly voice. I laid down, with my legs sort of dangling off to the side, and he pulled off my shorts and briefs and knelt between my legs. I tensed up as he gently took me by the balls and the root of my cock with his mouth and ran his tongue over and around my cock helmet. I could see him tracing a thick vein running up the side of my cock with his tongue.

He took his mouth away and said, "Easy there, we'll go slowly. You have a beautiful cock. In fact everything about your body is beautiful." He went back to running his tongue around my helmet and then down the sides of my cock, while his free hand went to my belly and then on up my torso, tracing my muscles lightly, stroking me into relaxation. He surprised me. He was a trucker, but his attentions were a lot less rough and insistent than Perry's blow job had been.

He slid his mouth over my cock, and I began to moan and sigh softly for him. His free hand went between my thighs, and I opened my stance for him, as he gently massaged my leg muscles and stroked my inner thighs. I groaned and arched my back. But when the tip of one of his fingers went to my asshole, I tensed again.

"A blow job; we agreed on just a blow job," I said with alarm.

"OK, OK. I was just trying to add extra pleasure to it." His mouth slid over my cock and just kept sliding until I felt his lips at my root. He had deep throated me and I felt warmth and pressure at all points on my cock. I gasped and grabbed his head with both of my hands. He was cupping my butt cheeks with his hands and pumping me with his mouth now in long, relentless strokes. I writhed under him, alternately struggling against him and meeting his rhythm, until I felt like I was going to explode.

He had a finger at my asshole again, and I no longer cared. He held it there for nearly a minute, just covering my hole, and then I felt him moving around the rim in a circular motion, rubbing me, and then he moved it back to the center. All the time his mouth was going up and down on my cock and his tongue was at my piss slit, the tip pushing its way in.

He didn't have to penetrate my ass with his now well-lubricated finger. I pushed my butt cheeks down on him, pulling his finger in myself, all the way to where the pad of his finger rubbed up against my prostate gland. I moaned loudly, and tensed, ready to shoot my load.

But then his mouth came off my cock and he held me there, very still, until my breathing became normal again and I had passed the urge to ejaculate.

I looked at him with a question mark written all over my face. The deal was that I would let him suck me off, but when he'd brought me to the brink, he hadn't collected on the deal. I needed to get this over with, get my car fixed, and get back on the road.

"What . . .?" I started to ask.

"Shush," he said. "I don't want you to cum yet. I want you to come inside me. I want you to fuck me."

"That wasn't the deal," I objected, as I tried to struggle up from the bed and head for the door. But then he got serious with me. He backhanded me across the mouth to stun me, and then he produced a pair of handcuffs connected with a good three feet of chain, and cuffed one of my hands, drew the chain through the slot in the hold bar on the side of the truck at the head of the bed and then cuffed my other hand. He whipped out a black rubber gag with a mouthpiece that looked like a thick, four-inch cock with a bulbous head and stuffed the dildo in my mouth and tied the gag at the back of my head.

Then he opened a drawer, took out a handful of condoms, and opened one packet and rolled the condom on my dick. He climbed up astride my lap and tried to sit on my cock. I fought him, though, not allowing him to get my cock into his hole. In frustration, he pushed his hairy torso down onto my chest, put his mouth very close to my ear, and pinched my nostrils together with his fingers. I couldn't breath. The gag completely filled my mouth, and I had to keep my nostrils open to be able to breath.

"Now relax and don't fight me on this or I'm going to snuff you," he whispered in my ear. "Nod your head to let me know you're going to cooperate."

I held out for as long as I could, but when I felt my lungs were going to burst, I nodded my head and he released his hold on my nose.

I was still pumping air into my lungs when I felt my cock at his hole and being slowly encased in the clinging warmth of his canal. I just lay there, letting him do the pumping, but increasingly enjoying the friction of my cock against his ass walls. He had one hand pulling at my balls when he could get to them in a pumping down stroke and the other hand planted on my sternum, with one thumb squarely pushing and rubbing on one of my nipples. He was riding me like he'd ride a bull in arena, letting me know that he liked my length and thickness just fine.

This went on for several minutes before I heard the door to the truck open and a jumble of arms and legs and engorged dicks filling the sleeper behind the cab. Perry and his redheaded and black monster friends were joining the party. They'd all been tossing off beers.

"What?" I heard Perry bellow. "That was my lay. I was going to be the first to fuck Dale."

"Well, you can still be the first," my Spanish assaulter tossed amicably over his shoulder. "I've got him fucking me now. I haven't had more than one finger in his ass yet. Here, here are some condoms. His hole ain't busy."

I stared, aghast, as Perry laughed and opened a condom packet with his teeth. He rolled the sheath on his big cock, and I lost sight of him behind the bouncing torso of the Spaniard. But then the Spaniard was being pitched forward again onto my chest, and I could see a grinning Perry beyond him. The redheaded guy and the black guy were at either side of me, each with one of my legs in a beefy hand, and they too were grinning at me as they wishboned my legs up and out.

Perry's head disappeared right before I felt a wet tongue penetrating my asshole, pushing it open and making it wet. This didn't go on too long before I saw Perry's head come up again and felt the palm of a hand under my tailbone, lifting my butt. All the time this was going on, my Spaniard continued to ride my cock like a rodeo star.

I bit down on the mouthpiece, trying to scream, as I felt the big head of Perry's cock at the entrance of my hole. And then he was pushing into me. Searing pain at first, but when he was a good five inches in, he went still and waited for me to adjust to him. The last three or four inches of penetration was more pleasurable than painful, and after he was in to the hilt, Perry started to stroke me, at first deep and shallow and then with longer strokes, almost exiting altogether before he slid back in to the hilt.

At some point I felt the truck began to move, and both the Spaniard and Perry matched their rhythm to the rhythm of the tires on the pavement.

I heard Perry exclaim with pleasure as the black guy got behind him and appeared to be fucking him from behind. But minutes later, I heard Perry exclaim more in anger and fear as I saw the redheaded guy trying to throw his leg over between Perry's back and the black guy's belly.

"No, no doubling," Perry was screaming.

"But you've got the hole for it," The redhead was saying. "I know you've done it before."

"Oh, all right," Perry tossed off. "This is your luck day. Have a ball." 

In a flurry of activity announced with a slurping sound, I felt Perry being pulled out of me. The redhead and the black guy were manhandling him, and I saw him being handcuffed to the hold bar at the other end of the bed and gagged just as I was. The black dude was under him, penetrating Perry's asshole from behind, and the redhead's belly was docking with Perry's, and his cock was sliding in, with some difficulty on top of the black guy's dick in Perry's hole. Perry was writhing and throwing his body about between them, but they had him double skewered and handcuffed and gagged, and it was quite clear that they intended to play him like a pump organ.

I would have felt sorry for him, but he had invited all of this and got me involved in my own predicament as well.

Watching the two muscle-bound truckers double Perry was more than I could take. I ballooned out the head of my condom, shooting my load deep inside the Spaniard. He sat back on his haunches, letting my cock go soft inside him. His eyes were locked on mine, and I could see that his eyes were swimming in desire. His cock was engorged. And I became aware that he hadn't cum yet himself.

I watched him anxiously as he slowly reached over and picked up a condom packet, opened it, and rolled the sheath onto his cock.

He rose off me and turned me around on my belly.

"On your feet," he commanded, "No, chest still on the bed. And spread those legs. You'll want to." I did as he ordered, and I felt his cock sliding into my ass canal, which had already been widened and lubricated by Perry. He arched his chest down over my back, and I felt his chest hair tickling my shoulder blades. As he pumped me, he had his hands over my pecs for a while, playing with my erect nipples. At length, one hand went down to my cock and balls. He rolled the used condom off my dick and milked me. I came for the second time, and he for the first, almost simultaneously.

Not long after that, I felt the truck stop and then the door to the sleeper cabin open. A guy I'd never seen before, short, middle-aged, and a bit paunchy stood at the door.

"Thanks for rolling us around so we didn't get noticed," Jake, the Spaniard chimed up. "I'll take the wheel now, and you can take your pick of one of these studs."

As Jake was sizing the situation up and the Spaniard was dressing and leaving the sleeper, I looked over at Perry. He seemed to be unconscious, although there was a sloppy grin on his face, and the two monster truckers still had their cocks buried deep in his hole, although their languid looks and the deep kissing they were engaged in with each other told me that they had both flooded Perry's insides and essentially were done with him now. I hadn't seen that either had taken the time to use condoms.

I guess both Jake and I realized that this meant he was going to pick me. He grinned at me and took his time taking his clothes off. I hunched up the best I could in the back corner of the sleeper, folding my thigh over my privates.

He wasn't in all that bad shape for an old guy, even with the beer belly he sported. Most notably, though, he was a true bear, furry from head to toe and sporting a full beard and shoulder-length hair. He'd been dark-haired at one time, but much of that had gone to gray. I thought it had been the beer belly that caused me not to be able to see his cock, but after he was undressed and was fiddling with a condom, I saw that his cock appeared to be stubby in repose, but it had a gigantic girth of almost four inches. Fascinatingly enough, also, the bulbous helmet was pierced with a gold stud.

He lost patience with the condom packet and threw it aside. Then he reached out and grasped my ankles and opened my legs up. He came down on his knees between my legs, and let one of his hands roam around on my body while he pumped himself up with the other hand.

Miracle of miracles, his dick was reaching a prodigious length while retaining its ass-splitting width, and I started to moan in mixed fear and anticipation.

I thought about objecting, but I was still struggling with trepidation versus desire when he bunched up some pillows under the small of my back, lifted one of my legs and wedged it against the edge of the side window in the sleeper, and entered my ass with his ram in a side split.

It immediately became obvious that he'd been doing this for a whole lot longer and with a whole lot more skill than either Perry or the Spaniard who had plowed me earlier, because he had me interested and working with him almost from the beginning. The stud in his dick helmet played my prostate so well and so long that I was spewing precum in greater quantities and pleasure than when I had ejaculated. Then he dragged his stud along my ass walls, sending ripples of pleasure through my body. He could feel that I was enjoying this fuck, and he released the gag from my mouth, and we kissed deeply. I lowered my mouth in search of his nipples, but I couldn't reach them, so he released my hands as well, and pulled his dick out of me and allowed me to work my tongue and mouth down his hairy torso and down to his cock and balls, where I gave him head for several minutes. At length, he lifted my body and turned to where he was sitting on the edge of the bed and then he brought me back down on his dick, with me facing him. I arched my back as his hands guided my pelvis up and down and his lips played on my torso.

The truck had stopped again, and the redhead and black dudes had extricated themselves from Perry, unbound him, and left him in a heap in the other corner of the bed, when Jake was finally finished with me and had bathed my insides with his man cum.

The Spaniard returned to the sleeper and he and Jake scouted up Perry's clothes and redressed him while I painfully dressed myself. When I emerged from the semi sleeper, I saw that we were back at the rest stop, parked right next to my Beamer.

"You can go now," the Spaniard said, as he and Jake moved Perry's unconscious body to the passenger seat of my car. "Just don't tell anyone about what happened or you'll be regretting it. And, for Chris' sake don't pull into the truck area of a rest stop in the evening unless you are looking to get fucked. Not that I wouldn't welcome having you visit me at a truck stop again real soon."

"But my car," I said. "You were going to help get a mechanic."

"There was nothing wrong with your car that didn't get fixed by another visit under the hood," the Spaniard said with a laugh. "As I said, don't go messing around in areas like this at night unless you are looking for the kind of ride you don't get in a car.'

Then he and Jake climbed up into the semi and drove away. As far as I could see, the other two guys who had done us weren't anywhere around. But I didn't take any chances; I revved up the Beamer, roared out of the rest stop, and took the first turn I could find off of the Interstate and on to a secondary road that was heading toward home.

I was one sore dude for several days, and, I'm glad to say, that once Perry woke up, he was pretty quiet and didn't try to hit on me again for several weeks.

I do regret that I didn't get a number or anything for that old guy, Jake. As long as I kept my eyes closed, he reached my itch better and longer than anyone who has tried since that night at the rest stop.