 The rest of that evening was a blur. Somehow we cleaned up, dressed and - separately - left the bathroom. I returned to my table, managed to pay the bill before gathering up my stuff and leaving. I left without seeing him again and walked back to my hotel in a frantic daze.

The room was spinning as I threw myself back on the bed. What had I done? My first thoughts were guilt at being unfaithful, at being a cheat - but more and more I was focusing on who I had cheated with. I'd sucked cock and, in all honesty, loved every second of it. Was this a one off? Was I bi? Gay? Was my whole attraction to women all my life just denial?

Somehow I got to sleep, and made it through the next day's work before taking the train back home and away from the city. The next few days were difficult as I tried to be as normal as possible. Sex with my girlfriend was as great as it had ever been, but afterwards all I could think of was how I had been unfaithful to her - and with another man! I didn't recognise myself in these actions. I tried to put it out of my mind and get on with my life as normal.

When I kissed her goodbye and returned to the city for another week, I vowed to myself that this would not happen again, that this was some sort of aberration, that I was lonely at the time and easily seduced. I told myself that I wouldn't go to that restaurant for fear of encountering him again.

However, as the days went by, I found myself becoming more and more frustrated, and more excited at the prospect of repeating my encounter. Without even really thinking about it, on the fourth night I found myself standing outside the glass door to the restaurant. I told myself I was just going for a meal, nothing more, before finally summoning the courage to enter. To my horror, he was there, by the front door again, smiling broadly at me as I came in.

"I thought you were never going to open that door!" he said.

I flushed, realising I must have been stood in the street for several minutes. All attempts at convincing myself my past encounter was a singular event were for nothing - I was transparent to him, and he knew exactly why I had come back, and I could no longer deny it to myself. He showed me to my table and I ordered and ate as usual. He came by a couple of times and engaged me in conversation. Each time I was flustered and uncomfortable - both desperate for his attention and desperate for him to leave me alone. He seemed to understand this and delighted at throwing me off balance.

As I drank my coffee at the end of my meal he returned to my table.

"I thought you might not come back after last time. I'm glad you did." he said. This was the first mention he'd made of what had passed between us. I forced myself to meet his gaze.

"I'm staying not far from here" I said, the words passing my lips before I realised I was speaking them.

"I finish in half an hour. Wait for me." he replied, before walking away.

I watched the seconds tick by agonizingly slowly, nursing a series of drinks, before finally I found myself out in the street as we walked side by side to my hotel. We didn't talk really, just glanced at each other. I was shaking and my heart was pounding in my ears all the way back.

We entered the lobby and made our way to the lift to take us to the fourth floor. As the elevator doors closed behind us he suddenly grabbed me, pushed me against the wall of the lift with his body and kissed me full on the mouth. I tried to say something in surprise, before closing my eyes and kissing him back. Our hands roamed over each other's bodies, and he pushed his thigh in between my legs, grinding himself against me.

We must have been there only a few seconds, but suddenly the elevator reached my floor and I was leading him by the hand to the door to my room. As soon as it closed behind us we were on each other again, kissing and groping and tugging at our clothes. He dumped his shoulder bag on the floor, undid my jeans and tugged them downwards before freeing my cock from my underwear and kneeling to take it in his mouth. I cried out with pleasure and excitement - I was here again, being sucked by this man and it was as amazing as it had been the first time. My knees went weak and I fell back against the wall behind me as he bobbed his head back and forth on my rock-hard pole, working his right hand up and down the length and running his tongue over the head. I couldn't believe how good this felt, and for several minutes I was in a daze with the intense feeling of his lips on my cock. I pulled my t-shirt over my head and stepped out of my underwear as he pulled away, undoing his own trousers. I knelt down in front of him, eager to suck him again, to feel his hardness in my mouth. I took his cock in my hand and opened my lips to it, taking as much as I could into my mouth before slowly releasing it, and repeating. I ran my tongue against the underside as I swallowed his dick, caressing the shaft of it with both hands.

I worshipped his cock for what can't have been that long but that felt like hours, savouring the groans of delight I was eliciting from him. However, part of me knew that this was different from last time. I wasn't trying to make him cum as I had the first time I had sucked him. This time I had the sense that I was preparing him - making him hard and aroused so that he could use that cock on me in ways that I wouldn't let myself think of yet.

I looked into his eyes as I moved my mouth on his cock, and managed to smile at him even with my mouth full. He gently put his hands either side of my face and pulled me up to my feet. He took my hand and guided me to the bed, pushing me onto my back. Then he lay on top of me, kissing me, and as he did so he worked his thighs up under mine, lifting me up so that my legs were pressed up and around his waist. His fingers lightly stroked my cock then moved down, cupping my balls, before tracing their way to my asshole. I flinched as I started to feel this completely unfamiliar sensation of a fingertip pressing against my hole, then my eyes opened wide and I gripped him tightly by the shoulders as his finger penetrated me.

My mind was filled with confusion and desire. I couldn't believe I was naked with another man, letting him touch my ass - which nobody else had ever done like this - letting him violate me. I didn't understand the way I was behaving, willingly giving myself over to him like this.

As he stroked me with his fingers, pushing one, then two inside me, the desire for him overwhelmed everything else and I moaned deeply. He kept kissing my mouth as I lay there, unable to kiss back, caught in the incredible new feelings I was experiencing. Then his tongue found mine and I responded, hungrily, desperately kissing him, gripping his back with my hands, pulling him onto me even harder, grunting and moaning through my nose as he caressed my ass with his fingers. He pushed against me even more with his hips, lifting my ass up slightly and pressing his hard cock against mine. I could feel my erection twitching against him as it responded to the pressure. I pushed back into him - I wanted him to feel my hardness, to feel how turned on I was, how turned on he had made me.

Eventually he withdrew and left me on the bed, walking over to where he had dumped his bag on the floor and removing some condoms and lube. I stayed in exactly the position I had been, on my back with my knees spread above my chest, watching him move across the room and waiting for his return. I felt so ashamed and so brazen, naked and flushed and hard and exposed. As he walked back to me I watched him unroll a condom onto his hard dick and apply some lubrication, slowly working his hand up and down his length, both of us knowing what was coming next.

He came back to where he had been on top of me, and I wrapped my legs around his waist as before, and my arms around his neck. His mouth came down to meet mine, and as our tongues began to dance again I felt the contact I had been waiting for, the tip of his cock just pressing against my waiting hole. The pressure increased and I tried to relax, to make myself let him in, until suddenly I felt him start to enter me. I braced myself for the pain I guessed was coming, and I felt a burning as my hole stretched to accommodate him. He went slowly, all the while kissing my mouth as he gradually pushed further inside me. The burning discomfort turned to sharp pain as he filled me, and I cried out, muffled by his lips on mine as my hands grabbed tightly to his back. He stayed there, motionless, allowing me time to adjust, to pant my way back to normality, before again. pushing further, impossibly further into me.

I don't know how long it took, but eventually he pushed himself up on his arms, and I looked down between us to see him buried fully in my ass. My own cock had subsided partly - with the pain and the effort to relax - and lay against my belly, but at the sight of him completely inside me started to swell again. I gazed at his torso taut as he held himself above me, then into his eyes as he started to withdraw from me fully. Again the pain and surprise made me cry out, and I felt he took my breath away as he pulled himself almost all of the way out of my ass, before slowly entering me again. My cock awoke fully by the time he began his third long, lazy thrust into me, and now the pain was becoming something new, a throbbing, a deep ache to be filled.

"You like that?" he breathed into my ear.

"Oh fuck yessss...." I managed to say, by now completely overwhelmed by waves of intense pleasure as he slowly fucked my ass. I realised that I was panting, and groaning, and making all kinds of noises that I seemed to have no control over. I'd made noise during sex with my girlfriend before, of course - but then it was more for show, and part of the fun of being with someone and egging each other on to an orgasm. Now I found these noises being forced out of me. It was a completely new sensation and I was powerless to stop myself - nor did I want to. I wanted him to see how excited I was, see what he did to my body, how completely his I was.

I looked down to see my own cock bobbing between us, hard and red, with a small drop of precum glistening at the tip. It twitched every time he thrust his cock inside me - the sensations in my ass were travelling in waves up my body, and I was desperate to grab hold of my throbbing dick. It was like an itch I was aching to scratch - but I was enjoying the fucking more than I'd enjoyed anything in my life and I was desperate to go on for as long as possible, fearful that the slightest touch would tip me over the edge. He followed my gaze and smiled at the sight of my hard cock between us and seemed to sense my dilemma. He reached down with his left hand, holding himself above me with his right, and encircled my cock with his fingers. I shuddered as he made contact, then gasped as he squeezed the swollen head, forcing those few drops of clear precum onto his finger. I threw my head back and thought I couldn't contain myself any more, but he released me and I felt my body draw back from the brink. I opened my eyes again and met his gaze as he looked down on me. We held there, staring intently into each others eyes, almost willing the desire to become a tangible thing in the space between us, before he brought his hand up and guided his finger to my lips. I opened my mouth willingly and tasted myself for the first time, eagerly sucking what small trace there was on his finger, fellating it as if it were his glorious cock in my mouth. I felt like I could have cum right then, sucking his finger as he fucked me with his eyes.

It was only when he slowly started fucking me again that I realised he had stopped at all, and the renewed sensations in my ass made me cry out. I arched my back to press my body into him as much as I could, and reached down with both hands to grab his ass and pull him into me. He was still not fucking me fast - rather it was a steady pace with him circling his hips as he drove into me.

I buried my face into his neck, muffling my moans as I kissed and licked him. I didn't want it to end, but I knew I was close. My orgasm was building and spreading throughout my body.

"Don't fight it" he murmured into my ear. "Just let it happen."

As he said those words I knew there was nothing I wanted more at that moment than to cum for him. My toes curled and I cried out again and again for him to fuck me as his steady thrusts pushed me over the edge, and I finally came, harder than I had ever done so before. Without even touching my cock I felt a hot spray of cum explode onto my chest.

"Oh my god!" I cried as another thrust brought another stream of cum from me, this one reaching up to my neck and lightly spattering my open mouth. Now I grabbed my cock and stroked myself, trying to get as much out of the moment as I could. Even as the spurts died down I felt like my orgasm would never end, each thrust from him forcing another wave of pleasure throughout my body. I lay there red-faced and panting, covered in hot cum, with the taste of it in my mouth, feeling the sensations die down gradually.

Just as I was slowly regaining my sense of what was happening, he withdrew his cock from my ass, causing me to gasp with surprise and loss of sensation. Stripping the condom off, he moved forward, still pinning me to the bed beneath him, but this time with his glistening cock halfway up my chest. I watched as he quickly stroked himself, and I ran my hands down his abs to the base of his dick, before cupping his balls. I could feel the pulsing there and I knew he was about to shower me in his own cum. I wanted it - I wanted it so badly and I told him so. He was moaning above me and I watched almost in slow motion as a thick stream of cum shot from his cock and across my chest. I could feel his body shaking as he shot again, and again, and my own body tensed in sympathy with his orgasm, with me arching my back and lifting my chest to meet every spray he gave me. As it died down a little I bent my neck as far as I could, still gripping the base of his dick, guided him closer to my face, and took his head into my mouth. The last few pulses of his orgasm brought some of his cum onto my tongue and he groaned with pleasure as I sucked and cleaned the head of his cock.

Gradually he subsided, and drew away to lay down on the bed next to me. I rolled to meet him and we kissed there. There was no self-consciousness. There was no shame. I didn't know what was going to happen next, but at that moment I felt like I had just had the most incredible night of my life, and I wanted to do it all over again.