 I awoke before my alarm the next morning, the hotel room still dark from the standard-issue heavy curtains. Before I was even really fully awake, I was getting out of bed and heading to the bathroom, on autopilot. It was only when I switched the light on and took myself in in the mirror that reality came crashing in: I was still covered in the dried evidence of the night before. Suddenly all I could think about was what I'd done, how I'd allowed myself to be fucked, how incredible it had been, how I'd felt no shame at all - shame that I was filled with now. What did this mean for me, did I now prefer being with men, or just this man? How could I keep this secret from my girlfriend, would she be able to see it on my face as I could now, in the mirror? Even as I was thinking about it, about the guilt, the betrayal, the distant soreness in my ass, my cock started to rise. Almost involuntarily my hand strayed downwards, and I started stroking myself to a full erection, before realising what I was doing and quickly turning on the shower over the bath.

The frustrating balancing act between hot and cold water with the cumbersome shower dial was a welcome distraction, and within a few minutes I had the shower curtain enclosing me as I stood under the too-hot water, willing it to wash away my confusion.

Afterwards I towelled myself dry, delaying the moment when I would have to step out of the bathroom and face this man. I kept hoping I would hear him leave without having to face him, but eventually I just had to wrap the towel around me and step out to face him in the light of day.

He was naked, and lying on his side on top of the bed, facing in my direction and clearly waiting for me to make an appearance.

"You took your time", he said with a smile.

I half smiled back and made my way over to where my clothes were, keeping the towel tight around my waist.

"No use getting all shy now", he said, and gripped his now half-swollen dick. "You weren't trying to cover yourself up last night when you had this in you. In fact, you looked like you were having the time of your life."

His words stung me, but he was right - I had loved it, and that had rocked me to my core. Watching him stroke himself to hardness as he gazed at me I could feel my own cock swelling and pressing against the weight of the towel around me. I had hoped to just throw on my clothes and end this now, but I felt a new shame - a shame that I was denying what I had felt the previous night. I paused where I was, watching as he openly wanked himself in front of me. My own dick was now fully erect, but pinned down by the weight of the damp towel and desperate to be released.

"I can help you out with that" he said, eying my obvious bulge, and he eased himself off the bed and knelt in front of me. He gave a small tug at the top of my towel, and it fell to the floor around me, allowing my rock hard prick to spring free. I felt the sudden relief of my cock being unconstrained, and then gasped as his mouth closed over the head. His hand gripped the shaft and he started working it back and forth as he sucked the end. His other hand worked up between my legs and cupped my ass, pulling me into him as he sucked and sucked.

All my confusion and shame melted away - this was what I wanted, in this moment, only this. The hand cupping my ass cheeks became a finger, working its way towards my hole. I spread my legs further, and inhaled sharply as he penetrated me. My knees were trembling as he finger-fucked me, and sucked me at the same time. This was filthy, and exciting, and wrong, and everything that I needed.

With a wet smacking noise he pulled away from my cock. "Not so shy now are you?", he said.

"No", I replied. "I want this. You. I want you. Like last night. I... I can't control myself"

He just smiled, and heaved himself back onto the edge of the bed. Seeing his twitching, bobbing erection, I was overcome with lust and immediately fell to my knees to take him in my mouth. His whole body tensed with the sudden ferocity of my attention. I sucked him madly, hungrily, greedily, working his shaft with my hand as he had mine. I could hear him moaning as I ran my tongue along his length, tasting his skin, his sweat, and the small leakage of pre-cum from the tip of his firm dick.

His fingers were in my hair, and within minutes he was pushing me away and elbowing his way backwards up the bed, reaching for a condom from the pack he'd left on the bedside table. I followed him up the bed and straddled him, letting his hard shaft rest between my buttocks as I looked down at him. As he tore the foil and reached down to put the condom on, I tried to work out why I was attracted to this man, when I'd never experienced anything like this before.

He was average looking, with cropped hair, dark as my own (which I wear slightly longer), and my girlfriend has always told me I have a very attractive face. At 6'4, I was a good 6 or more inches taller, and with a more muscular physique. My cock was at least an inch longer, and thicker. Everything about him, I felt, was objectively less attractive than me. I couldn't see why he kept making me lose myself in him, why I was so desperate for his attentions - surely he should be more into me?

Then his eyes met mine and he smiled at me, and I realised that these shallow physicalities were nothing compared to the pure chemistry I felt with him. It wasn't his looks, or his body, or his cock I was helpless against - it was him, and the force of his charisma. Was I gay? Was I straight? Did that matter? All I wanted was him, whatever that meant, and I reached back to guide his cock into me as he traced his fingers up the curve of my back.

Slowly I rocked myself back and forth, easing his dick into my tender hole. It was still a shock to find myself with a cock fully buried in my ass, but I was definitely getting used to the sensation. I gripped the headboard as I rode him, his hands on my hips encouraging me onto him. Part of me was still screaming out at the back of my head that this was wrong, that I wasn't gay, that I had a girlfriend, that I shouldn't want thick, hard dick inside me. He responded to my rocking with thrusts of his own, and he lifted his head to trace his tongue around my nipples.

After a few minutes of slowly riding him like this, he eased himself out of me and rolled me over onto my back. I thought we were going to fuck like we had the previous night, but then he grabbed my legs, flipping me into my front. Then he pushed my knees up under me, so my ass was in the air, and straddled me from behind, pointing his cock at my waiting hole.

"Oh fu.. oh fuck!" I cried as he entered me again, gripping the bedsheets tightly. My face was buried in the bed, my back arched upwards as I pointed my ass towards him, letting him ride me. His hands gripped my shoulders as he thrust his full length in and out of my aching hole. He was slightly faster and more forceful than he had been the previous night, but I could tell he was still taking it somewhat slow for my benefit.

My own cock was rock hard with the excitement of it. As he thrust again and again, gradually increasing his pace, I could feel my balls tightening in anticipation. I bucked my ass back towards him in time with his movements, forcing myself against him as he penetrated me deeply, fucking him back. My dick was aching for attention, and I couldn't hold off another second without grabbing it and stroking it furiously, finally pushing myself over the edge into a strong climax. My cries were muted by the pillow my face was buried in as my orgasm rushed over me. He kept filling my ass again and again with his cock, and each time a fresh spray of my cum showered the bed under me. 7, 8, 9 times - he fucked every last drop of cum out of me, leaving me red faced and panting.

"You love that don't you", he said, and I groaned my assent, trying to nod with my face still buried in the pillow. "Now I'm going to cum on your face".

Part of me was shocked with the crude way he stated it, but mostly I was thrilled - he'd given me no say in the matter, just stated plainly what he was going to do to me, and hearing him say it made me so hot - I was eager for him to do it.

As he pulled out, I lifted my head off the bed to kneel in front of him, still with my back to him. He tore off the condom, and within seconds was standing on the bed, pressed up against me from behind, with his swollen cock over my shoulder and pointing at my waiting face. I closed my eyes and parted my lips just in time to feel ropes of hot cum blast across my waiting face.

I groaned encouragement as he shuddered his last few drops out - I felt like I'd been absolutely covered, and didn't dare open my eyes. Then he guided the head of his twitching cock between my lips and I eagerly swallowed what had landed there, along with whatever I could clean off the throbbing shaft in my mouth. We both fell back on the bed and he kissed me hungrily, tasting his own cum and grinding his body against me.

Eventually, we came up for air and I said I had to get ready for work.

"I need a shower again", I said."I'm already late - can we please not end up having sex afterwards?"

"If you insist", he laughed. "Mind if I join you?"

"Please do" I replied, struck by how much more natural and comfortable things were now, compared to my ashamed and confused behaviour from earlier in the morning.

Eventually - and regretfully - we had to part. I took his number and promised I would be in touch the next time I was in the city. Unfortunately, things weren't so simple.



---



The next week, my girlfriend came down to the city with me - something that we'd arranged around a month before. She'd taken some time off work and was going to explore, and hang out in the hotel while I worked, and I'd get the chance to spoil her in the evenings. It was a welcome change - the long distance and the time apart were causing a bit of a strain, so some time together making the best of the situation could only improve things.

Or at least, this is what I had thought a month previously when we arranged all this. Now all I wanted to do was find a way to meet up with my lover again, and I'd have to wait another full week before I could.

Things went on throughout the week with no real progress made in our relationship - I was working during the days, and in the evenings I was distant and resentful - then guilty for the dishonest way I was behaving.

Then, on our final night in the city together, the unthinkable happened. While I was at work she'd been out exploring, and in the evening insisted we visit a restaurant she'd found nearby. When we arrived at the place where my lover worked, the blood in my veins turned to ice. I couldn't let it show, but I was mortified - what if he was there, what if something gave me away to my girlfriend? What if *he* was upset that I'd brought her there and didn't want to see me again? We walked in the door and straight away he was there. I was nervous and awkward, but he didn't seem to bat an eyelid, guiding us to a table without even the slightest hint of familiarity towards me.

The whole process of reading the menu, ordering drinks, waiting, making small talk - all seemed to go on as if from a great distance. I was in a barely functional daze, monosyllabic, dreading that the slightest wrong move might suddenly reveal to my girlfriend that the man who had shown us to our table had brought me to screaming orgasms with his dick far inside my ass, and that my whole world would come crashing down around me. It was faintly ridiculous - worse was that she seemed to be completely oblivious to my behaviour.

As we sat there throughout the meal I tried to ignore him, but several times I caught his eye - by accident, I kept telling myself. Each time he seemed to give nothing away, no hint of emotion at what he must see as a betrayal, or my weakness and shame. Didn't he care at all? This was almost worse than the fear of being caught - the fear of no longer being wanted by this man.

After what seemed like an eternity, we finished and ordered coffee. I left my girlfriend at the table concentrating hard on some trivia on her phone and went to the toilet. As I was relieving myself I heard the door open behind me. I glanced up and saw in the mirror it was him. At once the panic rose in me, while my cock began to swell in my hand. He stood very close behind me and leaned his face towards my ear.

"So that's your girlfriend?" he asked.

I nodded. "Nice. Wonder what she'd make of you if she knew about this", he said, and reached around to grip my twitching cock.

I swallowed. "I'm sorry for bringing her here. I wanted to see you, but..."

"Quiet", he said. "I don't think we have long."

Then he tugged my trousers down to just under my ass and unzipped his own, freeing his erection and pressing it between my ass cheeks.

"Oh no, you can't...", I started, but anything further I was going to add was lost as his mouth closed over mine and our tongues met again. We kissed deeply as he stroked my cock, then he turned me to the left and pushed me against the side of a cubicle. I looked back over my shoulder to see him unrolling a condom onto his throbbing prick, then he stepped forward and probed my ass with a finger.

I was at once relieved and elated that he was still so keen to fuck me, but also taken aback by the speed things were progressing. "Can we... unh... can we go in a cubicle? Its... unh... a bit, um, exposed".

My only answer was the finger probing my ass was replaced with his hard dick, which he started to squeeze in, inch by inch. I tried to stifle my cries once he was all the way inside me - and then he was fucking me, and nothing else mattered. My face was mashed against the outside wall of the cubicle as he pounded into me - harder, and faster than he'd ever done before. My breath was fogging against the white laminated surface as I moaned, while he held me by the shoulders and fucked my ass furiously. There was none of his slow sensual thrusting this time, it was pure animalistic urgency, and it hurt - but I loved it. Oh god, I loved it.

Someone could have walked in on us at any moment, to see me standing there, with my trousers tugged down past my ass, gladly taking his full length into me again, and again, and again...

"Your tight little ass feels so good - you love getting it stuffed, don't you?" he said in my ear. I could barely speak, but my grunting was assent enough, and he reached around and grabbed my stiff dick, pumping it hard as he fucked my ass.

We were both trying to finish quickly, but still I was almost disappointed at how soon I was reaching the end. I could feel the pressure building in my cock as the waves of sensation spread out from my throbbing asshole. Then, the ferocity as I finally came took me by surprise.

"Oh, oh fuck yes!" I cried as my legs trembled and shook, and I arched my back, driving my ass further into him as he thrust up into me. His mouth was open against my neck as he licked around the base of my jaw, and as he gripped my cock I sprayed my hot cum all over the side of the cubicle in front of me. My ass tightened as I orgasmed, and I felt him spasming in response. His furious thrusting was replaced with a desperate, twitching plunge into me, and I could feel he was emptying himself just as I was.

There was no time to savour the moment and, after only the briefest few seconds of breathless recovery we quickly separated, rearranged our clothes and cleaned ourselves up. Once we were both ready to face the world again, our eyes met, and we both suddenly burst out laughing. It was a mixture of relief, astonishment at the absurdity of what we had just done, and pure enjoyment. With all tension gone, suddenly he was on me, kissing me tenderly, and I was responding.

"Are you back next week then?" he asked.

"Yes. And I'm alone this time."

"Good. Call me." he said, and with that, he turned and walked out.