 My God, I thought; What have I done? I just let this total stranger empty his bladder on me, and then I suck his cock and eat his load... who knows where this guy has been?

The brief moment of clarity broke my trance-like obsession with servicing the man who stood before me. I was suddenly acutely aware of where I was; I was kneeling on the filthy tile floor of a public restroom in piss-soaked clothes which were growing cold. I reveled in my degraded state, and wanted more. I stared up at the stranger's face as his short but beefy frame shook slightly.

"Oh, yeah! That was good; I'm feelin' a little woozy. You OK?"

"I'm OK," I said blankly, though a sharp pain in my gut made me aware that I wasn't OK; I needed to pee badly. I thought about just letting go as my jeans were already fairly damp from the shower he'd given me. I became conscious once again of the weather advisory information droning monotonously from the ceiling. Road conditions were worsening with ice and snow-packed conditions complicating travel. In my aroused state, the knowledge seemed rude and invasive; it was irrelevant. I only wanted more action with this man. I slowly rose from the wet tiles and he offered a hand to pull me up. 

"You're fun," he said, and reached into my still-sagging jeans to pull at my cock. "Thanks for taking my piss... " He squeezed hard several times "Oh yeah..." He pulled me close again and pushed my swelling cock head into his flaccid meat. It immediately began to stir again.

I smiled as he played with our cocks, and placed my hands upon his shoulders. "You want to take a shower?" My question to him sounded more like strong hint than a question.

"Oh yeah, I'm all about piss," he said. "Can't give or get enough..."

In response I unleashed a hot torrent in his hand. The relief to my bladder was immense, and served to intensify my need for immediate hedonistic gratification.

"Stop!" he commanded, "I want it up my ass!

I struggled to stop the flow and somehow managed to hold it back. The pain had subsided, but I still had plenty more to unload. He released my cock and lapped at his drenched hand. "Oh yeah!" he said again, making me inwardly wince. He leaned forward to kiss me again, and as he did I reminded myself that he was not a boyfriend; he was just an anonymous sex partner. I told myself to overlook his limited vocabulary and get on with enjoying his hot body and willingness to get off with me. The taste of my own piss mingled with that of his cigar-tinged tongue. We kissed deeply and passionately. His fat, stubby rod was rock-hard.

He gave my lower lip a gentle nip and brushed his beard against my neck, teasing my goatee in the process. "Fuck my ass and piss in me," he said softly in my ear. "Yeah, fuck me - I need it bad..."

"Do you have a condom?" I asked.

"Fuck, don't make me go limp again!" he said. "I don't use those damn things! I want your spunk and your piss in my ass - not in some goddamn balloon!"

He removed his coat and threw it across the top edge of the stall panel. I watched with curiosity and arousal as he removed his cap to display a shiny dome, and then his flannel shirt. revealing a massive amount of thick, dark pelt. He turned to toss the shirt over his coat; his backside was similarly, but more sparsely, covered. 

I whistled softly in approval. "Damn you're hot!" I said. The idea crossed my mind that I was going to want to take my time with this furry bruiser, and I didn't want any interruptions. 

"Hang on; I want to see if anybody's out there..."

"Fuck 'em," he said, "Let 'em watch! Get over here and fuck me!" He had pushed his pants and shorts down to his ankles

I was glancing out the door as he barked his commands; the coast was still clear but the snow was indeed worsening. The white was nearly blinding. I felt assured that we would have the privacy we needed. I let the door close and removed my own shirt. Getting a sudden idea, I draped it over the electric hand dryer's button and punched it. Not as good as a clothes dryer, but it might help. Its loud noise helped to drown out the now-obnoxious and repetitive ominous weather reports.

Mr. Furball and I stood in front of the urinals and began to kiss again. He then rubbed the comparatively small patch of hair on my chest, a mixture of brown and gray, and tongued my nipples. I toyed with his beard as he did, using it as a sort of handle to guide his tongue. Slowly I moved his licking action downward to the fur around my belly button where his intensity seemed to grow with my heightening pleasure.

"I'm gonna suck you for a minute, but don't shoot - I want it up my ass!" 

I released my grasp on his beard and pushed the smooth round dome of his head downward. He was clearly in the same frame of mind I had been moments ago, possessed by some sort of auto-pilot program that was in full charge of behavior. He dropped to his knees and pulled my jeans down further. In a simultaneous motion, his mouth wrapped around my straining cock. His frenzied tongue treated my dick to the same pleasure I had experienced with his kiss. There was no way I could piss now, but I was afraid I might blow my load. Then, without warning, the oral massage stopped and he swiftly spit in his hand. My cock raged at the sight, and dripped slightly in anticipation of the fuck I was about to deliver.

The hand dryer stopped a moment later, but it could wait. The scratchy voice above seemed suddenly louder. With a look of concentration on his face, my still-squatting playmate reached behind him and noisily lubed his asshole with his spit. He then spit in his hand again, and offered it to me for a contribution. As the last string of saliva broke from my lips, he resumed his lubrication. I licked the top of beautifully bald head as he worked his fingers to loosen his ass for me. It felt deliciously warm and tasted deliciously salty.

"OK," he announced, "I'm ready."

Standing up, he turned to face the urinals and leaned over, bracing himself with a hand upon the top of two adjacent ones. Their placement was ideal for putting his ass at a fuckable height for me. Placing one hand on his hairy hip, I grabbed my pulsing dick, aimed for the bullsye and started to toy with his fuckhole.

"Shove it in! Hard!" he growled into the concrete wall.

As I plunged into him, he cried out in pain. "Stop!" he pleaded. I was about halfway in, and froze. He wasn't ready. I backed out slowly, stroking his furry flank with my hands as I did.

"Hold tight," I said, "I'm gonna prep you some more."

He said nothing, but remained in his position. I dropped to my knees and spread his cheeks gently. I caressed each fuzzy mound with my own furry face, and began to lick the inside of his butt crack. His man-scent was euphoric and drove my tongue home to his still-smarting hole. It probed and licked, rewarding me with a taste sensation beyond that of his scent. I needed more, and plowed deeper with my tongue.

Moans into the wall told me my buddy was feeling better. I continued to work his hot ass with my tongue, pushing my face as hard as I could for maximum probing. I continued to rim until he started to open involuntarily. Giving his shithole a final kiss, I stuck a finger in my mouth and then slipped it easily inside him. I spit on his crack and slipped a second, then third finger up his chute.

That's when he started begging again. "Now!" he gasped "Give it to me! I pulled my fingers out, rubbed them on my cock, then rammed it hard and fast. "Oh yeah!" he groaned. I held him pinned for just a moment, then started pumping slowly. My pubic hair ground into his ass on the downstrokes sending me into a mechanical frenzy. 

"Harder!" he gasped. I grabbed his hips and dug in, the feel of his hairy skin sending me even higher. I exploded as my cock slammed his prostate and spewed jet after jet of pent-up sperm into his shit chute . My pumping continued as the orgasmic rush blossomed again and again, forcing me to to ride him until the feeling finally subsided.

As I plunged into him for the final time I leaned forward and rested on his back, My hands wrapped his chest and stroked his fur. I began to kiss his back and nip at his carpet of hair.

"Don't pull out," he said softly. "I want your piss, too."

I felt his weight shift slightly as he prepared to be filled. My throbbing cock was still erect and I was still deep inside him. After just a moment of concentration I could feel the flow of urine begin.

He could feel it, too, and began repeating his favorite phrase. I grabbed his butt cheeks and rubbed them as I filled him up. Suddenly I began to feel loose inside him, and detected a warm flow around the base of my cock - he was starting to leak.

We both froze as the metal door grated open and the room filled with light.

To be continued... 