 "You want to WHAT?!?!?"

"I've always wanted to see it. That's all. It's not any different from you wanting to see two women having sex, is it?"

Thinking it over, Ted had to admit Kayleigh was right. He'd always gotten movies with bi-women in them whenever he rented stuff for them to watch together. She'd seemed tolerant of it, until now. Now she wanted him to go & watch guys having sex together. Not only was this a fantasy of hers, but she'd evidently figured out a way for them to do it together. Time for some heavy negotiation. It might just work out in Ted's favor, if he worked it right. Their fourteen-year marriage had always been kept exciting by Kay, and Ted often found himself following her lead, in bed. This one, however, seemed like it may be going just a bit too far out of his comfort zone. He gazed deeply into her smokey gray eyes.

"You're serious. Not just pulling my leg, right? You really want to go out to a rest stop & watch guys getting freaky with each other?"

"Absolutely," Kayleigh responded. "It's always been a favorite thing in the back of my mind. We could do this, unless you have a friend or two you'd like to put on a little show for me with," she added, chuckling.

"Well, what if we get there & there's nothing going on? Or if the cops show up? Are you sure you've really thought this through? They might get mad if they know we're watching them. I just don't know, babe."

"The risk is a little scary, but in a good way. I would get sooooooo excited, Ted. This could really work out for the best for you."

"Yeah? How?"

Kay smiled her sexiest smile. "Just think about how turned on I'm going to be. I'd probably do just about anything you want."

Now Ted's cock rose as he thought about her & Jane together in his bed. Oh yeah! Or would he settle for Kay's hot round ass? Damn! So many possibilities. But the thought of watching a couple fags getting their rocks off in each other's mouths and assholes cooled him quickly.

"I don't know, Kay. Let me sleep on it. I mean, couldn't we just get a video or something?"

"Well, if you don't mind going to Tommy's Video Palace & renting it. Jane's daughter works there, you know. Or would you rather get it on line and put it on your credit card?" Kay laughed at his facial expression. She knew how private & paranoid Ted could be about the taboo subject of out-of-the-ordinary sex.

"Tell you what," she added as he digested this. 'If you do this for me, I'll give you a night that you'll never - ever - forget. Or..."she paused for effect, 'how would you like a nice hot slave doing whatever you want for an entire weekend, hmmm?"

"Now you're talking! Okay. Let me go scope out the rest stop tonight, and I'll see if it can be done."

Kayleigh liked the way Ted was protecting her in this venture. To be honest, she was a little nervous about it, but after hearing Jane rave about going and watching the boys last weekend from her safe little hideaway in the bushes, she knew just how to pull this off.

"I want to go with you to 'scope it out.' You aren't going to back out on me, now, are you? I'm sure there's a way we can do this."

They had a moment when they looked like they night lock horns, but Ted knew that when Kayleigh got her mind set on something, she wouldn't let it go easily. It would be easier by far to just go along with her this once, and maybe, when she found out the price for it, she would be less likely to want to repeat it.

"Alright," he sighed. "We'll go together, but if things look the slightest bit shaky, we're out of there, and I mean it!"

"Agreed," Kay exclaimed as her eyes lit up. 'You won't regret this.'

"I know I won't. I'm already making plans for you for the weekend, starting tomorrow night after work."

"Ooooh, baby! Don't tell me about them. I like your surprizes!"

She kissed him, and their deal was set. 

Kayleigh called Jane and excitedly told her the news.

"So he's going along with it, eh? Now that surprizes me, hun. I always thought Ted was a little, you know, boring on the sexual front."

Kay laughed at her friend. Ted did seem kind of shy and "old school" about the topic of sex, at least around her friends. If they only knew how much he loved to eat her pussy, and how well he could do it! She'd easily introduced him to her other favorite lover, her vibrator, and Ted had learned just how to use it to drive her over the edge time and time again.

"He's not really as uptight as you think he is," Kay told her friend.

"Okay. If you say so." They talked a few more minutes & hung up.

The day before, Jane had told Kay about the white rock at the rest stop a mere five miles from her house. There was a big bush behind it, and the ground was hollowed out so that two people could fit in there. Jane had seen it during the day, when she was chasing a plastic bag that had blown out of someone's car. Jane was a fanatic about littering. She'd chased the thing until it ended up tangled in the bush that hid the little hidey-hole under the huge white rock. Later, as twighlight approached, Jane had gone back, dressed in black, and slid into the tight entrance to the hole. She sat there until 3:30 AM, watching the gays have at it in the nearby wooded area, totally unseen by the performers as they sucked and fucked each other to ecstatic rapturous pleasure.

In her youth, Jane had been a "fag-hag," hanging out with gay guys, going to the bars amd even to some parties with them. Her wild tales of the things she'd seen and done over the years infected Kay. Kay really wanted to see the things that Jane described. It was Jane, in fact, who'd made Kay into a "world-class cocksucker," to use Ted's words. 

Jane had told her about slipping a finger or two into Ted's ass as she sucked him very hard. Ted went wild for it, although he'd stiffened up the first time Kay had tried it. Once her fingertip had found his "G-spot," his prostate, he'd let go with a huge torrent of cum as he finally let himself go to be engulfed in the pleasure she was giving him. He'd never talked about it, and when Kay teased him by wiggling her fingers at him like she was fucking his ass with them, he blushed so cute she had to laugh. Kay did that a lot, to Ted's embarassment. 

Kay slipped her little bottle of lube in the pocket of her low-cut black jeans, as she got ready for their little adventure. Ted was downstairs, so she had ample time to get out her eight inch vibrator & slip it up her right pants leg, and then down into her sock. Kay stepped up to the full-length mirror, and looked at herself from every angle she could to see if the toy was visible. Having satisfied herself that her little secret wouldn't be discovered, she put on her black pullover top. She wore no panties or bra. Kay wanted Ted to have easy access, if they got excited enough to play in the hideaway.

Ted was having doubts about this entire venture. What the fuck were they thinking, going to watch a bunch of gay guys doing whatever the hell they do to each other? It sure didn't seem like a worthwhile way to spend an evening, but if that's what Kay wanted, he'd do it - once.

He'd showered & dressed as he usually did, in his boring "business casual" look. Button-down shirt, khaki pants, & loafers. He looked pretty good for a 43 year old married guy, Kay thought as she came downstairs to join him.

"You sure you want to do this?" Ted asked her nervously.

"You betcha! Let's go!"

She took his hand, and Ted let himself be pulled along out to the van he'd customized himself. They climbed in, and Ted drove off to the rest stop. They got there far too soon for Ted's comfort, but Kay leaned over to kiss him deeply, and he calmed down a bit. They climbed out the side door, and Ted locked the van tight.

"What's that over there?" Kay asked, pointing to the big white rock. 

It must have been the one that Jane told her about, because it was the only white rock to be seen.

"I don't know, Kay. Shouldn't we at least act like we're travelors stopping for a quick pit stop?"

"Okay. Go and use the rest room, if you need to. I'll get us some coffee from that machine."

Ted stepped into the rest room warily looking about for signs of gay folk. There was only one other car in the lot when they'd arrived, so it was a good bet that he and his wife were safe, so far. He walked back out into the waning sunshine to see that Kay was walking around to the back of the building. He hurried to catch up with her, and she handed him a steaming cup of horrible-smelling coffee.

"Let's go over there, Ted," she directed him to the rock.

As they neared it, Kay had a very tough time finding the little entryway. When she did, she pointed at it, asking him what it was.

Ted leaned down, and saw that little hole. He dropped to his knees, and crawled in, while looking out for spiders and snakes.

"Looks pretty okay, Kay. Doesn't look like it's been used much, either. Must have been hollowed out by a hobo or something. Looks like it stays pretty dry."

Soon she had joined him, and they settled in for a night of voyeuristic naughtiness. Both of their heartbeats were very fast, although for different reasons. 

Ted was sure this was going to backfire, somehow. They'd get caught, or someone would pee on them through the bush. He was sure that something would go wrong.

Kayleigh was as excited as she'd ever been. This was a daring thing for her to do, too, but she was happy she'd talked Ted into it.

Night fell very soon. Ted wondered about the van. He figured that anyone looking around would think that there were people sleeping in it, and would be likely to leave it alone.

Cars came and went for about a half hour, and the warm June night fell on them without the insect problems that the summer would bring with it later.

Suddenly, it seemed that the parking lot was full of cars and trucks. There were people walking through the grass and weeds, and the couple tensed up at the sound. From their angle, Ted and Kay couldn't make out anything until the people walked past them, as they were facing the wooded area behind the rest stop buildings.

They saw a number of men walk into the woods. There was the murmer of talking, and sometimes they walked deeper into the forest, and at other times they separated and leaned against trees by themselves. These casual meetings went on for some time, but Ted couldn't see anything actually going on, and he felt relieved. 

Then footsteps approached their little hideaway. He gasped and Kay silently shushed him. Two men walked right in front of them. They could clearly see the muscular bald man in the biker colors, and the slim short-cropped businessman type, as the biker tossed a blanket on the ground. The couple was quickly disrobing, and not five feet away from where Ted and Kay were crouched, watching. They silently scooted back a little farther in the shadows as the men kissed and moaned.

Ted noticed the huge difference between the two men. The biker was very hairy all over his back, chest, legs and ass, except for his shaved head. The businessman was completely devoid of hair, except that which was on his head. The biker was huge and muscular, while the other was much smaller, almost frail-looking in comparison.

They were moaning and lying down on their blanket, when Key started reaching into Ted's pants for his cock.

"What are you doing?" he whispered almost silently.

Kay noticed that his eyes never left the men. Was Ted getting excited, too, or was he just watching to be aware of what was going on at all times?

"I want to play with your cock while I watch them," she answered. 'You got a problem with that?"

Ted did have a problem. He didn't want to get hard while watching this stuff. He was afraid to lead her to think he was a closet queer or something. The trouble was, that he was getting an erection in spite of himself, and he wasn't sure why. Was it just the excitement of watching other people without their knowledge, or was he gay, or was he just getting hard at Kay's light touch on his cock? He told himself it must be the latter, but he'd have to make sure that she knew it, too, somehow, when they talked about this, later.

Meanwhile, the two men were still kissing, and playing with each other's cocks.

"Damn I love this thing," the biker said as the businessman's cock came fully into Ted's view for the first time. 

Kayleigh heard Ted audibly gasp when he saw the slim man's proportions. She, too, would have thought it would be more likely the muscled bigger man who had the bigger cock, but, sure enough, the big biker had an averaged sized member, while the thin, shaved preppy-looking guy had the huge salami swinging between his splayed thighs.

"Eat it," businessman said, and the biker was slobbering over it like it was his last meal.

Kay's fingers were wrapped around Ted's own prick. He was somewhere inbetween the size of these two, larger than biker, but nowhere near the size of Mr Cleancut. She knew Ted was sizing himself up against the two men. It was a perfectly natural thing for a guy to do, but counterproductive to her goal. Her hand was stroking Ted in a most delightful way, now, but neither turned to look at the other. Both pairs of eyes were glued to the scene mere feet away from them.

"Get on your knees and beg me to fuck your ass," the smaller man said.

"I've never had anything this big, man. Please, just let me suck you off," the biker whined.

"Get on your kness and beg me to fuck you in your ass," the businessman was all business, holding the other's face in his palms, gazing into his pleading eyes.

"Please," the big man whimpered as he rolled onto his knees,"fuck me nice and slow. Do you need lube?" He offered his partner a tube of lubricant.

The thin man took it from him, and squirted a generous helping of the gel along his long length. He also shot some of the wet-looking stuff into the crack of the kneeling man. He laid the shaft along the crack of the hairy biker, and began to gently thrust up and down like he was fucking. The biker moaned in need, and squirmed under him as he spread the lube halfway up the biker's back with his thick phallus. He gripped his huge meat and began to press it into the kneeling biker, who immediately started to groan as it split him open.

Kayleigh looked at Ted in wonder. Ted's eyes never left the sight of that baseball-bat-thick fucker splitting the biker's cheeks. The biker groaned in pain, his fists wrapped in the blanket he knelt on, as the preppy man fed his ass with more cock than it would appear it could take. Kay wondered how anyone could take that thing in any hole, and she winced as she watched the poor biker take more cock than she'd ever seen on one person.

Ted's cock was throbbing in her fist, and Kay slipped the lube out of her pocket and put some in her palm. Ted gasped as she returned to jerking him off. She'd put quite a bit of lube on him. Her other hand went to Ted's pants, and she started to pull them down his legs in her excitement. It was close quarters in the hiding place, and Ted was really enjoying that hand job. Kay guided him to his knees as she tugged his khakis over his hips, her hand never leaving his cock for a second.

"Oh goddamn it's so fucking big I don't think I can do it oh my god my god oh my fucking god..." the biker was spewing words out in a rush. Then he'd stop, take a deep breath, & begin again, until the thin man's member finally bottomed out.

The man on top sighed, looked down at his partner, and chuckled.

"Now you have a canyon instead of a mere hole," he laughed, pulling the thing back out of the biker's distended ass. "You'll never be the same after this, sweetie," as he pushed back in.

Kay slipped the vibrator out of her pants leg. She let go of Ted's cock long enough to get it lubed in her little fist. Ted groaned, choking back his volume as he pushed back to reacquaint his cock with Kay's hand. Kay saw this and wondered if he wasn't also echoing the biker's movements. Easy enough to see, she thought, as she ran the tip of the vibe around Ted's little puckered hole. Ted felt it, thinking it was her finger rubbing him in this most intimate area. He reached down and slipped off one of his loafers, and tugged his pants leg off with it. Now he spread his legs open for Kay. Throughout this process, his eyes never left the two on the lawn in front of him. Kay leaned in to whisper in Ted's ear.

"You really like this a lot, don't you?"

When Ted turned to look at her, Kay began to push the toy into his upraised ass. The tip popped in, and Ted's eyes grew wide as his hot ass was violated so completely, so unexpectedly, by his wife. She allowed it to delve in about three inches, then pulled it out two, then back in about three, out two, in three, etc., until Kay found it hard to hold on to the very end of the eight inch toy buried in Ted's ass. His eyes had returned to the hot scene in front of him. The full moon showed everything so very clearly, and Ted felt his ass being fucked as he watched the anal gay scene. Kay was feeling so excited, she was really ramming the vibrator in and out of Ted's ass, and Ted was responding like he'd been taking it all his life.

The biker had adjusted to the size of his impaler. He was rocking & groaning loudly as the thin man's hips jack-hammered back and forth. The moonlight combined with the bluish lights in the parking lot to give Ted and Kayleigh the perfect view of the large man's anal fuck. They could clearly see the thin man's balls swaying between the biker's splayed legs. Every slap of flesh on skin, every grunt and moan could be heard clearly.

Key stepped up her pounding in Ted's ass when the preppy man increased his pace in the biker. Her other hand was steadily stroking his cock in time with the two men. Ted was quickly reaching his peak, and turned to her.

"You'd best stop that right now," he whispered hoarsely. "I want to fuck you, Right here. Right now."

Ted squirmed under Kay's assault, but she would not relent. If anything, her actions increased. Ted was getting frantic with need, but there just wasn't enough room for him to change his position enough to get to her.

"Watch them, Ted!"

His eyes returned to the men in front of him. His ass was rocking on the vibrator, His cock was being milked by Kay's expert touch. He could feel his own balls rising up as he neared the point of no return, and his breath started to come in little gasps. Just then, Kay stopped everything. She slipped the vibe out of his ass at the same moment she slid her hand for one final time from the base to the tip of his cock, and then off of it.

The two men were thrashing about, and it was obvious that the top man was emptying himself into the biker's bowels as he gasped. His balls were tight against the hairy ass, His hands gripped the hairy shoulders in an iron grip as he pulled on them, and pushed his hips to bury his cock as deeply into his willing victim as possible. The biker collapsed on the wrinkled blanket, panting and sobbing. The thin man laid on top of him, keeping his cock as deep as he could keep it in the other's open hole.

Ted was rocking back, as if he was trying to get the vibrator back into his own ass as he watched the man on top pull his cock from the worn out ass of the biker.

"Raise that ass up, but keep your face down," the thin man ordered. "Spread those legs more."

The well-fucked biker complied, spreading his knees and raising his ass up high as he could. The hidden couple could see his gaping hole as it began to dribble its contents down his thighs and balls.

"Did you cum?" 

"Uh...no," the posing man muttered.

"Stand up."

The biker groaned as he rose up on his knees, then stood slowly on shaking legs. His partner kicked at his legs to spread them wider, and dropped to his knees in front of him. The biker's back was to the rock, and Ted and Kay watched from behind him as the businessman slurped the limp cock into his lips. His hand went to the biker's ass, and he pushed three fingers into the poor man's still-gaping ass as he sucked on the biker's cock. They were only two feet from Ted's face, as he watched them. It was then that Kay decided to return the vibrator to Ted's waiting ass.
