 A motorcycle with loud tail pipes rode by and snapped me back to the present. What a situation I've found myself in...

But I've got work to do: devise a plan to get my life back.

The Question: what on earth got into Karen. I was so wrapped up in the whole thing that I must have missed it. And for all these years. Karen wasn't like this when we were first married. Sex with Bob had somehow been liberating. I hadn't been intimate with someone else in so long. It cleared my head. And the Picture of Shawna and Karen sealed it. Something or someone deliberately and methodically sabotaged our marriage. I'm not gay...though my recent actions couldn't prove it. And I love my wife...I'm sure she loves me too...otherwise, she wouldn't have stayed with me. If she wanted women so bad, and since she was being so mean anyway, there would have been no reason to stay. How could I have let this get this bad?! I was going to find out what was going on and fix it. Right now. I hoped I wouldn't have to get like this again. That's one reason I left the Army. But I'll have to come to terms with it now if I want my wife and life back. And I do.

As my computer finished booting up, I called the East Coast. There it was about midnight, so it shouldn't be too late.

"Hello...," the smooth, sexy voice on the other end said.

"Samantha...," I replied..

"Rick?? Is that you?!...Why I,"...she started.

"Listen Sam...time is short," I interrupted. "We'll be able to go through all the usual stuff later. Do you still want to be with me?"

"Right to business, eh? You know I do...but I also know that tone...even after all these years." She replied evenly. "What's up?"

"I've decided to come back to the outfit. But there's some business I have to handle first, and I need your help." I explained. "You game?"

"Just tell me what you need baby," her velvety voice cooed. 

I began to run down the preliminaries.

"First, get on the computer and find out everything you can on a Shawna Blair,. Also I need all available tracking information on my wife, Karen since we've been married and the company she works for, Hera Advertising,"

"I'm not sure I like the sounds of this, Dearie." Sam said. I could hear her writing in the background.

"Ultimately, you will," I said, then I continued. "I also want you to contact the brass and tell them I'm coming back on board. I need my status reinstated and updated ASAP. Once you've done all that, I need you to get on the next plane out here with 2 complete standard equipment load outs, a command post kit, an interrogation kit, and last but not least, a full spectrum multi-channel secure satellite up link."

"You don't ask for much, do you," she said.

"Sam, if I'm right, and we pull this off, we'll be fixing a lot more than my marriage..." I replied.

"Rick,...what the FUCK is going on?!" she said.

"Sam, you'll have to see this shit to believe it," I replied. I'll explain everything when you get here. Call me as soon as you are set up somewhere and I'll come to you.

"You'd better be on the level with this, Rick...but it'll still be good to see you again," She said softly.

"Same here babe...see ya soon...and be careful." 

"I always am...," she toned, slyly. " See you in about 48."

I hung up and connected the computer to the cell. Now to get on the net and start piecing together my life.

It occurred to me that something had to happen to Karen to make her go bonkers like this. Something, or someone. But who, what, when, where, how, and why? Cliché, but accurate. I'll start with Shawna. 

Some quick searches and cross-referencing later gave me a good piece of the puzzle. Shawna worked for the same company Karen did. 

Interesting. 

Karen started to work for them 8 and a half years ago. Shortly before she began to be a bitch. Then I visited the Hera Advertising Web Site. It turns out that most of the people in charge of the place are women. 

OK.

Looks like they do some work for Lifetime Television...getting more interesting by the minute. 

Pictures and Bios of all the corporate officers are available...but wait. The Chairman and CEO has no picture and a very short BIO. Hummmmmmmmmm. Her name is...no...it couldn't be. No way!!!!!! Jane Larson! 

Jane Larson was an evil person. I say that in all seriousness and truth as a simple statement of fact. And she hates men...military men in particular. I had the misfortune of meeting this person in college. And I thought she was alright...I was young and stupid. I thought we were even friends. All the while, she hated my guts. I thought graduation would rid me of her forever, but I can see now that I was wrong. She is definitely involved with this. I know it. And when I figure out just what she's done, I'm going to make her pay for all the harm she's caused. Not just to me, but to my wife. 

My WIFE!!!!!!!

It was a good thing that it would take a day or two for Sam to get here. I'll need that much time to calm down. No kid gloves for Jane this time. She gets the full treatment.

I checked my computer's clock. 5:30AM. Bob will have to go to work soon, to catch the early crowd at the Fitness Center. And I still needed to get my car, so I decided to wake him.

"Get your sorry ass up," I said as I came into the bedroom.

"What time is it?" Bob croaked.

"5:30 AM," I replied. "You'd better get a move on if you plan to be at work on time."

"Yeah," He said. "If I didn't already have that ski trip planned, I'd call in sick. That way we could...spend some more time together. Hey..." Bob just came to a realization. "Have you been up all night?"

"Yep...couldn't sleep." I answered. "Surfed the web for a while."

"I guess its to be expected...lots of change for you in the past 12 hours or so.." Bob said as he patted my shoulder. "I'm gonna hit the shower."

"Great, I'll make the coffee." I said over my shoulder on the way to the kitchen. I'm defiantly not the house wife type. "Can you drop me at my car on the way in? I'd like to bring it up here."

"Sure thing buddy," Bob shouted over the shower.

When I got back to the Bob's house it was about 8 AM. I really needed to sleep. Bob was right. I put out a lot of emotional energy in a short time. I'd need my strength for the several days ahead. 

I changed the sheets on the bed and climbed in. I hoped Sam would call sooner than later. It's a new experience, but this gay thing just isn't for me. I can't form a "love" attachment with a man. Just can't do it. But I had a very new perspective on the whole subject. I'm definitely past the "ick factor". But I'm glad to know that I can handle it if I have to. 

The door opening woke me. It was 4PM. Wow... I slept hard. My mind was a little foggy, but I felt alright, considering. 

"Hey, Rick..." I heard Bob call. "where are you...I've got someone here you've just got to meet."

"Right here," I said as I came through the kitchen to the dining room.

"Did you just get up?" Bob asked with a puzzled look.

"Uhhhhh...yeah..:" I replied in my best Beavis and Butt Head voice.

"Right, right," Bob said, remembering that I'd been up all night. "should have thought of that. Anyhow," he continued, "this is Dave. Dave, Rick."

"Excuse my appearance," I said as I shook Dave's hand. "Rough day yesterday..."

"So I heard," Dave replied with a grin. He cast a knowing look at Bob. "Bob tells me you're quite the dynamo..."

I looked at Bob with slight annoyance.

"Sorry man, wasn't thinking, " Bob said quickly. "...but you really made an impression, and I thought it might be good for you and Dave to...meet before we went skiing."

"Is that so?" I drawled, my eyes narrowing. Looked like I was in for another round of man to man sex. OK...now that I can deal with it. It'll relax me and I can work off some steam. But boy were they in for it. I had a lot of missed sex over the past several years and I needed to make up for it. And now that I can have sex with either sex, I'll just start with these two.

"Yeah, Bob says I've definitely met my match with you," Dave said. "But I have my doubts..."

"Dave's got a really big cock and he knows how to use it, let me tell you," Bob quipped. "but no one's been able to take the whole thing."

A fire lit somewhere deep in my mind. It felt like some kind of demon was rising from within me. I looked deliberately at Dave. Then I opened my bathrobe, and let it fall to the floor. A hush came over the room. Bob looked at me, then at Dave. I walked toward Dave slowly and pulled my T-Shirt off as I approached him. I stopped 2 inches from him and ran my hand across his chest. I ran my other hand up his inner thigh.

"So lets see what you've got for me," I said in a low voice. My hand now caressed his bulge, and I traced the outline of his cock with my fingertips. Dave stood unmoving, eyes locked on mine.

"My...that IS a big one..." I continued..."but your pants are unnecessary..." I then undid his belt, and opened his zipper. I freed his cock from his underwear with one hand, and with the other, put a big gob of spit on his shaft and began to jerk him off. All the time I kept looking into his eyes.

Bob had pulled out his own cock and was stroking it, watching as I began to work on Dave.

"A dick this pretty needs special treatment," I breathed in to Dave's ear. "I'm gonna suck this thing dry, then sit on it and KILL IT." Before Dave could respond, I dropped to my knees, taking his jeans with me, and stuffed as much of his cock in my mouth as I could. I gauged it at about 9 inches long and about 2 inches in diameter. It looked like a police flashlight.

"You're in trouble now!" Bob chuckled. As I deep throated Dave. He jerked wildly from the sensation as I took him almost to the root, then he stumbled and fell to the floor, feet caught in his pants. 

I moved clear as Dave fell and turned to Bob.

"Just what are YOU laughing about?" I asked as I spit in my hand again. Bob's eyes went wide as I grabbed his prick and began to pump it forcefully. "You don't think you're just going to watch and play with yourself, do you?" 

Then I deep throated him and made a growling sound in the back of my throat. Bob swayed back and forth trying to keep his balance as the back of my throat worked its charms on his cockhead.

Out of the corner of my eye I saw Dave get out of his pants and move toward the couch in the living room. Perfect.

"Man, Bob," Dave exclaimed, "this guy IS a dynamo. Where did you find him?"

I got up and lead Bob to the couch by his dick. I then got on my knees between Dave's legs and grabbed his cock again.

"Hey," I said "if you can form sentences, I must not be working hard enough..." 

And I deep throated Dave again, this time swallowing all of him. 

"OHHHHhhhhh" came his reply. I came up for air and released Bob's cock. 

"Help me get ready for him.." I said to Bob and wiggled my rump at him.

"My pleasure..." Bob said as he quickly undressed.

I went immediately back to blowing Dave, massaging his heavy balls and stroking his large shaft as I sucked him like mad. 

Bob opened a small box on the coffee table and produced a tube of KY. Little did I know he was such a sex fiend. (Or at least he thought he was until he fucked me.) He lubed his prick and then moved in behind me. He helped me out of my shorts and then gave my cock a few quick strokes. He knew that would rev me up even more and I sucked even harder on Dave's cock. 

Dave's head was thrown back on the couch and he was constantly moaning. Bob put one finger of KY in me, then 2, then three, then I felt his hands on my hips. As I felt the head of his cock touch my sphincter, I bore down and pushed back, capturing the head of his prick. I rocked forward and pushed back again and I had his shaft in me. I clenched my butt cheeks and my bowels went to work. 

"Ohhhhhhhh YEAH!!" Bob exhaled and began stroking me ardently.

I kept working on Dave's cock while keeping in rhythm with Bob. The room was alive with the slurping, oily sounds of our fucking. I slicked a finger with spit and shoved it into Dave, nailing his prostate on the first try. Dave jumped and moaned as I deep throated him at the same time, and I drew his balls up around the base of his shaft. 

Dave tensed and I felt his cock spasm. I withdrew to the head of his prick and sucked madly, while slowly massaging his prostate. Dave held his breath involuntarily as he came, and I let his hot cum fill my mouth, before I swallowed it. I let the slightest dribble run from the corner of my mouth when he was done and I looked at back at Bob.

Bob took one look at me and began thrust into my ass like a dog in heat. I continued working my bowels to excite him.

"Come on baby...shoot your cum in me...I want it...fuck me...FUCK ME!!!!" I hissed. 

Then I felt Bob's balls unload. His seed pumped into me, splashing against my insides.

Dave began to sit up, but he was way too late. He just didn't understand. I pulled off Bob's still spurting cock and caught a few ribbons of cum in my hand. Bob gave me a puzzled look as I took the handful of jism and slicked it all over Dave's still hard, but deflating shaft. Then, in one motion I pushed him back on the couch, straddled him, and impaled myself on his cock. The sensation of being instantly filled like that was incredible. Since Bob had already fucked me, my ass was nice and ready. I took Dave to the root with one stroke. I licked Bob's remaining jism from my hand as I looked Dave in the eye and then I began to grind my ass into his lap. Dave thrashed around from the sensations, but I held him in place and began to post on his magnificent prick. 

"See," Bob giggled, "I told you he was..."

"You still haven't learned," I said and spun around on Dave's thick shaft. 

Dave moaned loudly and threw his head back on the sofa again. I grabbed Bob's dick and pulled him to me. I swirled my tongue around the head of his cock and down the shaft, into my mouth and back again. 

"Uhhhhhhhhhhnnnnnnnn,' Bob whimpered, but I increased my ministrations on his cock, while still riding Dave. Dave managed to lift his head up, took one look at me blowing Bob, and he came. I released Bob's dick from my mouth in order to give full attention to Dave. I thrust my ass down into his lap, and rode him around in circles as he came, contracting my rectal walls in time with his spurts. The sensation was driving me insane with lust. 

Dave was huffing and puffing like a freight train as he finally came down from his orgasm. 

"Oh my God!!!!" He exclaimed..."that was fucking intense..."

"You seem to think we're done, Dave..." I said as I stood up from his prick and moved Bob to the floor.

"We're not done by a long shot..." and I kneeled over Bob's hips and took his cock inside me again, ensnaring his ass in the same way I had before. 

Bob threw his head back and slapped the floor with his arm like a pinned wrestler as I fucked him again. Dave just sat on the couch watching in amazement. 

"Come on, Bob...Come on, come on " I chanted. "A young stud like you has to still have plenty of cum for me...fuck me...fuck me with this ram rod!"

Bob seized "YEAAAAAHHHHHH", and again my insides knew the warmth of fresh cum. 

As Bob began to come down, I took the tube of KY from the coffee table and applied some to my aching cock. Then I stood and turned to Dave.

"Now, I'll deal with you,' I said, looking him right in the eye. 

Silently, he rolled over and slid down the couch to his knees, offering me his ass. I smeared a little KY on his ass, then caught some of the loads now leaking from my ass in the other hand. I slid three fingers of it into Dave, and he tensed for a moment. Then let out his breath. 

I entered him, then took his giant cock in both hands and began to fuck him. I started with slow strokes, wringing his dick in time with my thrusts. As soon as I touched his dick, Dave began to squirm. It must have been so sensitive. No matter. I relentlessly stroked it as I fucked him, gradually picking up speed, until, I was fucking him like a rabbit. Dave buried his face in the cushions as I kept up my assault on his asshole, running the head of my cock over his prostate like a lumberjack on a 2 man saw. Soon, Dave was shooting his jism through my fingers, and I could feel the spasms in his ass. That was all I needed to empty my balls into him. I must have left a pint of cum in him.

Then I stood up and looked at my handiwork. Both these young men were spent and in a daze. All this in only 1 hour. Too bad for them I'm really straight. 

As they fell asleep, I quietly walked to the dining room and put on my robe. Then I went to the shower. 

When I returned from my shower, Dave and Bob were awake. 

"You're some kind of sex machine!" Dave exclaimed. " I've never been fucked like that. I don't know if we'll be able to stand the ski trip."

"Hey," I replied, "about the trip, I don't think I'll be going after all."

"Why not?! You'll be the life of the party!" Bob said, disappointment in his voice.

"I called a friend and I'll be meeting her tomorrow," I said dryly. "Business."

"I see...," Bob replied.

To be continued in Part 4.