 As I waited for the computer to boot up, I thought back over the events that brought me to this point. 

Let's see. I retired from Army Special Operations about 10 years ago. That's when Samantha and I broke it off. She wanted to stay together, but I had to get out of the military. God, how I loved her. But I just couldn't live the life of a Delta Force Operator any more. But Sam wanted to stay, so, there you have it. I met Karen about a year after that, and we were married the following year. I leveraged my military training into a job with a video game development firm, Reactor Systems (Cute name). 

Karen and I were incredibly happy together. At first. 

Then she went to work for Hera Advertising about six years ago. And the trouble started. We had been hanging out with my office partner, Bob, and his girlfriend Shawna since shortly after I started working at Reactor. It was Shawna who got Karen the job at Hera. Bob and I hung out, went to the gym at lunch and had the occasional beer after work. Shawna and Karen worked together and did girlie things. I never noticed how much time they really spent together.

Slowly, the relationship between Karen and I began to unravel. Every time we watched TV or went out, she complained more and more about how the entire society was run by and for men, and how wrong it all was. Then of course, she began to find fault with everything I did. She knew I had been in the Army, but she didn't know what I did. 

"Just boys trying to slam their small dicks on the table, that's all," Of course, this did not sit well with me, having spent a significant amount of time in combat, whether or not it was acknowledged by the government.

Then, she got on the "alternative lifestyle" bandwagon. She said that gay marriage should be fine, and she could certainly understand why a woman would want to be with another woman, rather than a man. Not that I cared about the issue; who marries who is fine with me, but Karen had become increasingly strident about ...well, everything. 

These things, in general terms, I discussed with Bob from time to time. He said that every once in a while, Shawna would get on the same kick, but it would always calm down. But I found this whole thing distressing. I loved my wife and I wanted a good, drama free relationship with her. If I wanted to keep up a bunch of strife and tension, I would have stayed in the Army.

About a week ago, Bob said that he and Shawna broke up. I sure didn't see that coming, and that's all he would say. 

I asked Karen about it, but all she would say was 'Why don't you mind your own business?!"

Yesterday, I came home to find that Karen had packed up and moved out. She left a note saying that she couldn't stay with a man who was so opposed to social reforms and had willingly served in the military. I was stunned. Devastated. How did I lose my wife? Is this what I worked and fought for, to have a failed relationship and not even know why?

I went to work and continued as usual. On the way to the Gym, I told Bob what had happened. We went thought our workout, and afterward, he invited me to his place for dinner. He said we had some things to discuss about Karen.

When we got there, he showed me a video of two women having sex. Not exactly what I had in mind for the first evening after my wife left me. One had a strap on dildo, and was fucking the other one like there was no tomorrow. As the scene progressed, the faces of the women became visible. It was Karen, fucking the living shit out of Shawna. And they were switching. Shawna inserted a feeldo into her well-trimmed pussy, then Karen began to suck it. After a minute, Karen applied lube to Shawna's pseudo cock, rolled over, and spread her cheeks wide. Shawna grabbed her by the hips and smoothly entered her asshole. Karen released her cheeks and went absolutely wild. She thrashed and bucked against Shawna, as Shawna tried to hang on for dear life. 

Karen and I had what I considered a good sex life, but I never knew she liked stuff like this. And with Shawna no less. 

I turned my eyes away.

"Stop it," I rasped. "Turn it off." Bob shut the VCR down.

"I'm sorry, man...." Bob said. "Shawna gave this to me and said it was why she was leaving me." I was speechless. A million questions flooded my mind. I could feel a darkness close in around my mind. Sounds were beginning to fade into the distance. I could feel tears begin to roll down my face. I clasped my head with both hands and began to fall over on the sofa. 

It was then that Bob decided to strike. He put his left arm around my shoulders as I was falling and caught my head on his chest, and said 

"Rick, I know this is hard...you're a great guy and you don't deserve this..." 

He pulled me tighter and then began to rub my other shoulder with his right hand. He rubbed in longer strokes up and down the left side of my body as I remained silent and unmoving in his arms.

"So this is what a nervous breakdown feels like," I thought to my self, detached. I then became aware of Bob's hand stroking my left leg, and moving up to my crotch. I still didn't move. Now I did not believe this. Was Bob actually trying to put a move on me? No....when it rains it pours. How could I have missed that he was a switch hitter? Then it was confirmed when he began to rub my cock though my Dockers in earnest.

"What the....." I heard myself begin to protest. Bob pulled my head up, looked me square in the eyes, and then clasped my growing cock firmly through the material of my pants. 

"Trust me, Rick," he said quietly. "You need this." 

Before I could protest, he kissed me full on the lips. I began to struggle a bit, but suddenly, some how, he had freed my now completely stiff prick and was firmly stroking it. His tongue began to explore my mouth and darkness again took my mind. It was as if I had no control over myself and was watching from across the room.

Bob released our kiss and then moved immediately to my shaft. I felt the warmth of his mouth on me and I was lost. My sense of self suddenly shot back to my body. I was frightened, excited and worried, all at the same time. Bob was doing a very good job on my cock, and by now had freed his own. He was playing with it almost absent mindedly, when I finally decided to go with it. 

I brushed his hand away and began to massage his prick. It instantly became a 7-inch long by 2-inch steel rod. I pulled it toward me and Bob got the message. He stopped sucking me long enough for us to remove our pants and then we laid side by side on the couch for my first man to man 69. The first taste of his prick was strange, the odor from his crotch was of soap from the gym shower, and I was getting hornier by the second. I couldn't believe I was responding to a man this way. 

I started to remember all the blowjobs I had seen in porn movies and started to try some of the moves. All the way down, with a slow withdrawal, light scratching with the teeth, rubbing my lips down the side like a harmonica. A moan escaped from Bob as he continued his work on me. He was steadily sucking me, up and down, the head of my cock touching the back of his throat on every down stroke. It was driving me wild. I began to swirl my tongue on his prick, all the way down to the base, then I completely engulfed him, sucked hard, and pulled back to the tip. Then I began again, each time increasing the speed. On the third stroke, Bob seized. Now he was motionless as I worked his prick over. This just inspired me and I added my hand to the mix, following my mouth up his shaft with it, then back down again, faster and faster. 

"Uhhhh.....OHHHHH," Bob blurted out and then I got my first mouthful of cum. I quickly deep throated him as the taste was less than pleasant, but I took the remaining shots from his orgasm straight down my gullet. 

"Where did you learn to do that?" Bob asked. "This isn't what I expected at all," he said, somewhat startled. 

"Guys watch porn, so....." I replied.

"Are you OK with this?" Bob asked tentatively. I guess making a move for gay sex on a guy whose wife just left him can leave some people feeling a little.....guilty.

"I know I..." he began to explain, but I cut him off.

"All depends on what you're going to do for me....." I replied.

"Oh, my....." Bob sighed. "I'm gonna sin with this beautiful man..." and he reached for the end table. He produced a tube of Astro glide and began to slather it on my cock. It was a little cold, but Bob had plans for that.

He put one more large gob on the tip of my prick and then he straddled me, and lowered himself on to my shaft. He definitely had done this before. He began to ride me on the couch, gradually picking up speed. I sat up enough to pull off his shirt, then I pulled off mine. Bob gave me a slightly puzzled look as he continued to ride me. I spit in my left hand and grabbed his under inflated rod. I grabbed his hip with my right had and started to meet his strokes, firmly. Now the room filled with the smack of flesh on flesh as I fucked Bob's ass and jerked his cock back to life. I matched my work on his shaft in the time with our fucking, moving it in a circle as I stroked him in both places. Bob grabbed the back of the couch, threw his head back, and rode me even harder. He began to work his rectal walls on me and that was it. I blasted his insides with my seed. I released his dick , sat up, and wrapped my arms around him, pulling him down on top of me. When my back hit the couch again, I grabbed his ass and began bucking wildly inside him, riding the last wave of my orgasm.

"Wow," Bob said, sitting up. "I guess you are OK with this...." He smiled.

"You know what?" I said matter of factly. "You talk too much..." I pushed him off of me, stood up and grabbed his still hard rod. I took the Astroglide and led him to the bedroom by his pole. 

"What are you.." Bob began. 

"Shhhh.." I said.

Once inside the bedroom, I pushed him back on the bed and worked the Astroglide on this prick.

"Rick are you sur....." but that's all he got out because I impaled myself on his shaft. It hurt like hell, but now I was too far gone. I hadn't had sex in a long time. And this sex was pretty good. I didn't know how long I was going to do this gay thing, but my itch wasn't satisfied yet.

I bounced up and down a few strokes on Bob's thick shaft, his eyes staring wide at me.

"Rick, you shouldn't have done that," he said. "You could really hurt yourself." 

"Maybe you're right, " I said. "I am new at this. Why don't you roll me over and show me how it's done?" Bob grinned and we flipped. Little did he know what I had in mind.

"I'll take it easy....." he said, as he began to stroke me. 

But, as I heard in an action move once, "FUCK easy!" I said. I wrapped my legs around his back, crossing my ankles, then I grabbed his ass with both hands and bucked my hips up against his thrusts. 

"Come on, give it to me!!!" I hissed through clenched teeth. Bob looked surprised again, but complied with my demand. He began to fuck me ardently, and I matched him thrust for thrust. The angle of my hips made his prick saw back and forth across my prostate and this never before felt sensation just fueled my lust. My cock was rock hard again and flat up against my belly. Every now and then, Bob's abs would rub across it and it made me fuck him back all the harder.

After about 10 minutes of this, "Yeah.......I'm, gonna......" shot past Bob's lips, and I clamped down as hard as I could with my sphincter muscles. I felt Bob's prick begin to pulse inside me, and my rectum had it's first cum bath. That was enough to make me shoot, and I covered both our chests in jism.

"Man......." Bob sighed as he rolled over. "Not what I expected at all..."

"Me neither," I said.

"I'm really sorry about Karen and Shawna," Bob said as he got up off of the bed. He reached over to the nightstand and pulled out a picture. It was a still of Shawna and Karen from the video he showed me earlier.

"Guess you just don't know about some people," I said. I suddenly felt a strong urge to go to sleep. Bob tossed me a towel. "Mind if I nap for a minute. This has been a lot to take in a short time," I said. Then I smiled..."so to speak.." 

"Sure...." Bob replied as he put on his robe. 

It was about an hour later when I woke up. I rolled over and saw the picture on the nightstand. There was another robe at the bottom of the bed. I got up, put it on, picked up the picture and headed for the kitchen. When I got there, Bob was standing in from of the fridge.

"Hey, Bob," I said. "Whatcha up to?" 

"Well," he stated with faux innocence. "I and a few of the guys are going skiing in a couple of days. Since you're....... Initiated...I thought you might like to come along."

"Really?" I replied. 

"Yeah," Bob turned around. His robe was open and he was holding a tub of whipped cream. His cock was standing straight out as he smeared the whipped cream on it. "I bought this as part of the desert for the trip, but, if you're coming along, I think we won't need it...." He said and winked at me.

To be continued in Part 3.