 We sat there sipping coffee and chowing down on donuts in an all-night diner, my new partner Hank and me. I was trying to figure him out. Ever since I'd come out in the department, potential street-duty partners had avoided me like the plague. But here I understood that Hank had asked to be partnered with me. As I drank coffee and listened to him complaining about his wife, Janine, I was wondering if maybe he swung both ways. I certainly wouldn't mind if he did. He was a good ten years older than I was and outweighed me by at least twenty pounds, but he was all muscle and handsome as all get out. Dark complexioned and black curly hair matting his forearms and pushing out at the neck of his blue uniform shirt. Pale blue eyes and a smile to die for. Some kind of Latin. And you know what they say about Latins.

The open neck of his blue uniform shirt. There it was. I thought to myself, "Shit. Nailed it with that swinging both ways supposition."

"Does this mean what I think it means?" I asked, as I moved my hand to under his chin and got the round medallion on a sterling string between two fingers. It was red, white, and black enamel on silver in a design like that Oriental Yin-Yang swirling tear drop pattern, but with three swirls rather than two—the universal sign of BDSM.

"Yeah, that's exactly what it means," Hank said, staring me down real good. He moved his hand to behind his collar and pulled around another silver charm he'd been keeping at that back of his chain. It was a miniature set of handcuffs. When he brought it back around to where I could see it, his fingers lingered on mine at the other medallion.

"Do you mind?" He asked. "What I really mean is are you interested? I maneuvered like hell to get a partnership with you. I've had my eye on you since you were transferred to the squad."

"Fuck yes, I'm interested," I whispered hoarsely to him under the din of the noise of the civilians around us who either couldn't sleep or were on their way to an early shift or back from a late shift. I raised my foot and forced it between his thighs under the table, crushing the sole of my boot into his crotch to emphasize my interest. He gave me a surprised, but desired-filled look, gripped the edges of the table with white-knuckled fists, and squeezed my calf tightly between his thighs to confirm his own interest.

"But what about Janine?" I continued nonchalantly. "I'd heard you were happily married and an attentive daddy." I dropped my hand from his medallion, not wanting those around us to get the right idea about what we were discussing.

"Yeah, I am," he answered. "I can't explain it, but I've got these urges that go beyond Janine and the family thing. It is getting a little tedious with Janine. Being with a guy now and then heightens the pleasure for both me and Janine when we fuck."

"But bondage and S&M?" I asked. "That's quite a bit farther along that road. And it can get rough."

"I like it rough," Hank shot back. "And the bondage? Well, I think that helps take the guilt away. If I'm bound, it's like I really am not making the choice, if you know what I mean—restrained but suddenly free to fully enjoy it."

I sat and stared at Hank for a couple of minutes, grabbing the edge of the table hard where his fists had just been to keep my hands off him. But I could feel the juices flowing already.

"Well, when it's convenient, maybe we can hook up and . . ."

"Now," Hank hissed through his teeth in a voice strangled with urgency. "When I saw you in the showers this evening after the squad workout and before we hit the streets, I nearly creamed myself. I wanted you to see my jewelry. I want you take me someplace right now, tie me up, and fuck me hard."

"Well, if it's a quiet night, I know of some places we can park. The car's not the best place, but . . ."

I felt an insistent buzzing in one of my pockets that had nothing to do with the effect Hank was having on my cock.

"Shit," I exclaimed as I reached for my mobile phone. "It's dispatch."

I listened to the assignment call for a several seconds. Hank was already standing and flipping a couple of bills on the table.

"Trouble?"

"Yeah, I'm afraid so. But not a rush, rush. They caught up with that guy who's been kidnapping and raping those college guys over on the east side. We're to go pat down his pad. Guess our business will have to hold fire for a bit."

"Yeah, I guess you're right," Hank said. I kinda liked the tone of regret in his voice on that one.

Chas Sheldon, a smart-assed cop in our squad who razzed me pretty bad about my preferences was standing at the door of the small, rundown bungalow hidden in the undergrowth of a quiet east side street when we rolled into the driveway. He was giving me a snide stare as Hank and I approached.

"You'll just love this one, Lance," he said to me as we walked up to him. "It's right up your alley." He sniggered at his double entendre. Real genius; I bet he'd been working on that for a half an hour.

"Yeah, well, they couldn't have gotten this guy any too soon in my opinion," I answered brusquely. "Any sign of any of the missing men?"

"Just the one we caught him in the act with," Sheldon smirked. "He was pretty far gone, but they've sent him off to the hospital already, and the perp just left for the department in a squad car. We caught him doin' it and followed the book, so this one should be air tight. The forensics crew has started on the basement, but I think they're about ready to call it a day. We've got a crew starting to dig in the backyard too, but it will be too dark to continue with that for a while. Guess you'll want to see the scene yourself though, to, ya know, get some pointers maybe."

I could have shoved my fist down Sheldon's throat, but that would just make for good conversation and more razzing in the squad room. Hank gave a disgusted sound deep down in his throat and pushed on by Sheldon and into the house. I was senior and hadn't gotten the full assignment pass yet, so I stuck with Sheldon for the moment.

"So, what's the call here?" I asked. Sheldon saw that I wasn't going to rise to the bait, so he got through it quickly with just one more jab.

"I was just to stick around until another set of blues—which would be the two of you, I suppose—showed up. Since they won't be able to process the scene completely until tomorrow, we're to maintain a presence here overnight. I understand you've got the shift for the next four hours and then they'll send someone else. Think you can handle that without messing up the toys in there?"

"Roger, Sergeant," I said, staring right at him, reminding him that I outranked him. "By all means shove off now. Hank and I will hold the place."

I pushed by him and turned back after I'd gotten inside the door to see that he was already half way across the yard to his ride. I looked around for Hank but didn't see him in the small, drab living or dining rooms. I found him in a back bedroom, just standing there, mesmerized by the trophy photos this perp had papered the wall with of what he'd been doing to his victims. I could see at a glance that the perp had been busy and had quite an imagination. Hank was growling deep down in his throat again and was rubbing a hand up and down on his crotch. No doubt that the photos and the other paraphernalia in the room were turning him on.

I swung on my heels and made tracks to the basement in time to see that the forensics crew was struggling up the steps into the kitchen with their bulky cases banging against the stairwell walls and would be gone for the night within a couple of minutes. I quickly scanned the basement to see what I could see and then followed the technicians back up the dark stairs. As they left the house, I looked out in the backyard and saw the last of the workers out there leaving as well. I prowled around the house quickly to ensure that Hank and I were alone now and locked the front door from the inside before I returned to the back bedroom.

Hank had his pants down around his ankles, although he still had his equipment belt around his waist, and he was all bug-eyed staring at the photos while he pulled on his good-sized dick.

With a mind to what he'd said he needed to perform, I quickly got him into a pair of cuffs hanging conveniently from the upper wall in front of him, which pulled his arms over his head and trapped him there, facing the wall. Then I stood close behind him, my crotch plastered to his exposed butt cheeks so he could feel me getting bigger down there and wrapped my arms around him. I took over stroking down on his cock and squeezing his hefty balls with one hand, while I unbuttoned his shirt with my other hand. As I went for his nipples, he arched his head back to me and we kissed deeply. There was no doubt that he was ready for this.

I broke and looked behind me to see what sorts of toys and aids our perp might have dropped around the room. With little effort, I came up with a leg spreader bar, a ball gag with two nipple clamps hanging from it at the end of small-linked chains, an outlandish-sized flexible dildo, and a tube of lubricant. If Hank needed bondage to get excited, then I'd see just how excited Hank could get.

Coming up behind him, I had the ball gag in his mouth and snugly tied off before he even knew what was happening to him. I then stripped his pants all of the way off his legs and clamped the spreader bar between his thighs, forcing him into a wide stance. He was squirming around now and pulling at his wrist restraints. I moved around to in front of him, between him and the wall, and lifted the long, thick dildo up to his eye level. He went all wild-eyed and backed away from me as far as the restraints would permit, but I had one of my hands wrapped around his dick, so I knew he was finding this very stimulating. I rubbed the dildo around on his cheeks for a short time to let him feel the texture and size of it.

I then slowly started tonguing, kissing, and teething my way down his chest, around his nipples and down his washboard abs. I reached up and applied the nipple clamps hanging down from the ball gag one after the other to his nipples, and I heard stifled screams from him from behind his gag. I brought the tip of the dildo to his navel and rotated it around the rim and pressed it in a bit to give him something to think about for when I moved to behind him. The gurgling sound he now was making around the rubber ball in his mouth told me he got the message. Down his belly and into his pubes my mouth and the twirling dildo moved.

I then played with his dick and balls with my mouth and slid the dildo back across the perineum through his legs and back and forth across his puckered asshole until he melted to me. I was deep throating him, and he was making very satisfied, if muffled, noises from his mouth and had set up a rhythm with his hips. I didn't want this to get too conventional, though, so I popped his nicely engorged cock out of my mouth and moved through his legs, my tongue tracing the journey from the base of his balls all the way back to his asshole.

I rimmed Hank's ass with my tongue at first, letting my tongue flicker into his hole and pushing his butt cheeks apart with my hands. The leg spreaders helped keep him open to me. He writhed in pleasure above me, obviously enjoying the attention. From time to time, I let a hand stray between his legs to check out his cock to ensure it hadn't lost interest and to squeeze and roll his balls.

I had his asshole well lubricated with my spit now, and it was nicely open to me. I stood up and stripped down and reached for the tube of lubricant and lathered up the dildo real well. I moved to behind Hank and slapped my half-hard cock around on his butt cheeks. I'd seen him eyeing me in the showers, so he knew I was horse hung. I wasn't as horse hung as the dildo I'd lubed up, though. After that, he wouldn't have trouble handling me at all.

Hank seemed to like the feel of my cock beating against his butt cheeks. I soon had substituted the dildo though, and I worked it ever closer to his asshole. He arch his back, brought his legs back, and dipped his chest when he felt the head of the dildo gently rimming his asshole. He'd seen it and knew how long and thick it was and was doing all he could to ensure it didn't split him in two when I'd worked it in—which I proceeded to do slowly but relentlessly. I had nearly a foot of thick dildo to work inside him, and I took a long time doing so. It had an extra bulbous mushroom head on it, so there was no buildup of strain as it moved up his canal—the biggest was always right up front.

Hank was straining and grunting and groaning through the experience, but I could tell that he was with me on this, that this was exactly what he wanted and that was keeping him on edge. I was getting excited now too. The way he was straining back, there was a shelf at his waist above his big, round butt cheeks, and when I'd gotten the dildo all the way in, I hiked my right leg up onto this shelf and nestled closely into Hank. My now-engorged cock was rubbing up against his left hip, and I knew he was aware of it there. My right hand held the dildo inside his ass and corkscrewed it inside him and slowly churned it in and out, while I wrapped my other arm around him and my left hand pinched on his nipple clamps and stroked down to his cock and balls and gave them some more attention. I kissed and nuzzled his shoulder blades while he trembled underneath me, a background of pain swept over with intense pleasure.

He came in my hand then in a prodigious fountain of pent-up man juice.

I untied and pulled the gag from his mouth and ripped the clamps off his nipples. Free to speak, he told me through gasps and groans that the dildo was awesome but that he wanted me to fuck him with my own cock, that he had wanted my cock inside him for some time.

But I hadn't ungagged him to hear this. I had wanted him free to scream through the next procedure—to be able to tell me if and when he really couldn't endure any more.

I lifted my leg off the small of his back and slowly pulled the dildo out—but when I could see the rim of the mushroom head, I plunged it back in up to the hilt. Hank threw his head back and screamed at the ceiling, but I covered his mouth in a brutal kiss, as I pumped the dildo deep inside him for another thirty seconds. I could feel his knees going to rubber, and I pulled the dildo all the way out and threw it to the side.

"Now you," Hank gasped. "Now your cock inside me. That ring through the head. I want to feel that ring deep inside me."

"Eventually," I whispered in his ear. "First some police work, though."

He felt me pulling his billy club out of the equipment belt that still encircled his waist, and he started to moan and hiccup in fear.

"No, man. Not that. Please."

I lathered the belly club up and leaned my mouth back to just inches from his ear.

"I've heard you've used this in perps before," I whispered. "Haven't you ever wondered how it felt?"

"No, no, Lance. Not that. NO! A-u-g-g-h!"

The billy club wasn't nearly as thick or as long as the dildo had been, but, although it also was rubberized, it also wasn't as flexible as the dildo, so it could only go straight up his canal.

"Oh Gawd, oh Gawd, Ah, FUCK!"

"Precisely," I said in a deep-throated voice, now on the edge myself. "I wonder if the perp who owns this place ever let his victims scream like you are. I wonder if the neighbors heard nothing—or if they heard and did nothing. If they can hear you, maybe they'll just think it's business as usual in here."

Hank had obviously had enough of this, so I stopped, wiped his billy club off on the edge of the bedspread and sheathed it back on his equipment belt.

"But I want you to fuck me now, Lance. No more of this dildo shit. Get that big prick inside me."

"OK, sure," I said. "But I was kind off wondering what our perp might have down in the basement that the forensics team was so interested in checking out." I, of course, knew precisely what was in the basement awaiting us.

I looked around and found some leg shackles and exchanged these for the leg spreader, clamping them at his ankles. I released his wrists from the wall restraints but quickly had him locked up again with my own handcuffs. I shuffled him through the house and down the basement stairs, and, I quite enjoyed Hank's excitement when we found a black-painted, padded-walled room with a sling on chains hanging from the ceiling in the middle.

I pulled Hank's shirt off his back as I pushed his butt down into the center of the sling. He didn't fight me as I uncuffed his wrists and recuffed them high on the suspending chains running up on either side of his torso and then unshackled his ankles and cuffed those up high on the two suspending chains running up on either side of his butt.

I unpopped the gag then and let him talk—and grunt and pant and moan—me through what he liked and what he really liked—and what sent him over the moon. It turns out he liked ten minutes of tonguing his asshole and fifteen minutes of fingering and nearly fisting his asshole. And he really liked throwing his head back and sucking me off while I pinched his nipples. He also really liked thirty minutes of my cock churning inside him with a string of beads I'd found nearby attached to the silver ring piercing the head of my cock combined with what my hands were doing on his torso and with his dick and balls. But what sent him howling over the moon was the twenty minutes of deep fucking with the electrified cock sheath and extender I'd found that made my cock thicker and longer—and more highly charged—then the dildo had been.

During the two hours we spent in that basement room, we each came two more times and Hank admitted that this session had far surpassed what he had been expecting.

In the time we had left, I smoked a cigarette and tossed off some of the perp's scotch while Hank moved around in the nude, cleaning up after our use of the facilities. When he'd finish, I slammed him down on his back on the kitchen table and scrambled up and crouched on top of his chest, my knees pinning his arms against his sides. I forced him to suck me off one last time, with me bobbing his head back and forth on my cock with my fingers buried in his hair and brutally fucking his mouth and throat. He seemed to enjoy that as much as anything that had gone before and gushed over with the regret that we couldn't have access to the toys in this devil's den any more.

As we were leaving, I assured him that we'd have plenty of opportunity to explore our fetishes and that what I had in my basement made this place look like a nursery school.