 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

*****

Kevin peels the size thirteen work boot from his foot and drops it to the floor, his socks are mashed to the soles of his feet from the long hours at the site. He is finished framing the latest cookie cutter house in the new subdivision of Stony Ridge and almost ready to move on to the next house, the last in this development. 

His shirt comes next as he pulls it over his five-foot, ten-inch frame filling the air with specs of sawdust. His well-defined pecs and broad shoulders sit atop a tapering torso which is showing ab muscles through the tight cream-colored skin of his stomach. A few wiry hairs around his nipples and in a line below his belly button. Working construction, he knew was good for his head, he was realizing how good it was for his body as well. He had never been in better shape since he dropped out of college five years ago. 

The few hairs on his stomach and around his nipples are dark in color even though his hair is a blonde brown mop of curls. He has a rather young-looking face and a great smile. He has always been known as a joker, a jackass. 

He is not been smiling a lot lately since his girl Lacey left. He found out a week ago that she was sleeping with a foreman in the same company he works for. It has made life and work difficult for Kevin, luckily, he is having a break from work in the near future after the last house is framed. Four weeks to do whatever the fuck he wants. 

Kevin undoes the button fly of his jeans and lowers them to the floor revealing his green plaid boxers beneath. They are tented out slightly by the junk that hangs just under the thin cotton. He slides the work socks off and finally the boxers are dropped, revealing his cock and balls. His shaved balls hang loose from the heat his uncut cock hangs five inches long and to his right side, the foreskin completely covers the head. 

He looks at himself in the mirror and notices the tan lines on his biceps and around his collar his forearms and face are tanned slightly darker than his light torso. He exhales a long sigh and steps into the shower to wash away the work. 

II 

"Oh, fuck ya," John gasps at the sensation of his cock in his wife's hot wet mouth. He falls back against the dining room wall. 

"Mmmm, slurp," Amber let her husband's six-inch, thick, cut cock fall out of her mouth. Her hands on his hips she is working his jeans and underwear down, sliding them off his buttocks and down his thighs. 

Amber had just lost at oral poker; loser has to perform oral on the other. They invented this game when they first got together at College and it has endured throughout their relationship and now even two years into their marriage, they still played this game regularly. 

Amber reaches around and slides her fingers into John's crack and begins to caress up and down, finding his hole where she presses lightly with her finger. She has been trying for years to get a finger in to John's hole but he always stops her. 

Amber has never told John but she has a fantasy where John gets fucked by another man while she watches. In her fantasy the man who fucks John will be a close friend of his, the only problem is John doesn't really have any close friends who live in the same city as the couple. 

The thought of John being penetrated has made her pussy gush; her panties are absolutely soaked inside her jeans. She takes his tool into her mouth again and slides all the ways to the base. Sliding to the tip and picking up speed with short strokes. 

John plays with her long blonde hair, gently placing his hands on her head and moaning with pleasure. 

"Oh fuck!" John screams as his cock begins to shoot streams of hot cum into his wife's mouth. 

Amber pulls away and the cum shoots onto her chin and chest, her perky small tits bouncing with nipples hard as stone. 

Amber stands up and trails her tongue through John's trimmed dark brown bush and tongues his belly button. Her tongue continues up his belly and chest. She has always loved his body. Not tall just five nine, no six pack or anything but John is not fat, just 'normal' with slightly defined pecs. She kisses John full on the mouth holding his head against her face. 

John can taste the cum he has just shot into Amber's mouth and for a split second this thought catches in his mind but Amber is too hot for him to stop, he kisses her back and slowly realizes her finger is a half inch inside his hole. 

III 

Kevin stares across the muddy hills of houses he has just helped to frame he can see the progress that has been made, the first two houses his crew built even have newly laid lawns of fresh sod, a shock of green against the brown landscape. 

What the hell will he do with himself for four weeks? He now has a month-long vacation before he begins to work again. Without Lacey he doesn't know what to do with himself. Will he just watch movies and get fat? Kevin has not had a social life outside his relationship for the past several years. He thinks back to what he did before Lacey. 

The last time he was really social, hanging out with people, doing shit, was in college with his best friend and roommate John. He immediately smiles and thinks of some of the funny shit that happened in that student house. The time John, drunk fell backwards into the garbage can and ended up with his legs and head sticking out the top like some kind of cartoon. 

"I will call John and Amber and see what they are up to, maybe even visit them," Kevin thinks to himself. He lets the idea roll around in his head. 

On the drive home Kevin thinks about John and Amber and how much he misses them. "I haven't seen them since their wedding," he realizes. 

He remembers all the times they spent sitting around in the common room of the old student house, just joking around, shooting the shit, complaining, laughing. John and Amber got together as she had another room in the same house. Up to that point John and Kevin had played wing man for each other on many occasions. 

His mind recalls the three of them used to joke about having a threesome together. Kevin was single and John and Amber were together and it was a common joke they made. The joking would get pretty raunchy and graphic he recalls. He remembers Amber gave as good as she got in the exchanges and would throw out descriptions of what Kevin and John would do to each other, sometimes in great detail. Kevin's cock stiffens in his jeans and pushed down his leg as he pulls into the driveway to his apartment. 

IV 

"What's Up?" came the text on John's phone. 

"Who is this?" 

"Kevin" 

"Hey man! How's it going? How's Lacey?" 

"Lacey's gone" 

"No way. How long?" 

"cpl weeks" 

"Sorry dude" 

"It's all good. Just started vac for 4 wks," Kevin 

"Awesome! What you going to do?" It feels so good to be in touch with Kevin again. I miss him, thought John. 

"Come there?" 

"You want to come here an visit? That is awesome!" 

"You guys have room?" 

"Yep u stay here 4 sure," John typed smiling at the thought of getting to see his old friend. 

"What's making you smile?" Amber asks curled up on the sofa. 

"Kevin's coming for a visit!" John says excitedly. 

"Really? That's awesome babe!" says Amber, "Should be fun! When is he coming?" 

"In a couple days," John says putting his phone down on the table. 

"Great! How long's he going to stay?" Amber asks. 

"We didn't talk about that," John answered. His mind begins to race with all the stuff they can do, go to ballgame, hiking, bar hopping, maybe even camping or something if he stayed long enough. 

Amber gives a little laugh at the fact they didn't talk about how long Kevin will stay. 

V 

Kevin has been driving for over two hours and is finally pulling off the interstate to find his friend's building. He has been thinking about John a lot during the trip. He is surprised that a lot of the images he is running in his head are of John's body. He can clearly see John's shirtless body standing in the kitchen of the old student house sweat trickling down his small lean body. He can see John's body in the shower of the athletics building shower after a game of squash, his hair covered legs and big bush above his meaty cock, the water running down his belly. John naked streaking up the street, drunk and running in the back door his cock flopping, making no attempt to cover up. 

He pulls his truck into the visitor parking and grabs his backpack heading for the door. There waiting in the lobby are Amber and John, they run out of the building and meet him on the sidewalk in big hugs, back slaps and smiles. 

"Hey man!" John yells. 

"Hey!" Kevin answers as they collide in an embrace. "Amber, still hot as ever!" 

"Hey Kevin, good to see you," Amber says with a smile. 

The three twenty-four-year-old friends all walk into the building and ride the elevator up to the nineteenth floor. 

"Nice place," Kevin says walking into the bright one-bedroom apartment. 

"Small but cool and modern," says Amber. 

"If it's okay you will have the sofa, it's comfy and long," says John. 

"Yeah great," Kevin says throwing his frame down on the sofa, his thin t-shirt flying up and revealing a sliver of his midriff. 

"Wow, you are in great shape man," says John. "You must workout a lot. I'm a little out of shape." 

"Nah, you look good too," Kevin says. 

"No you are in really good shape, look at your arms. You have a six pack?" John asks. 

Amber eyes the developed body of their old friend and notices the sculpted curves and hard pecs. 

"I guess," Kevin says lifting his shirt absentmindedly showing his hard abs and the V of his Adonis lines. 

"Whoah," John reacts to the flash of muscle. "You're huge, at least you look way bigger than I remember." 

Amber disappears to the kitchen and returns thirty seconds later with three bottles of beer and passes them around. The three friends clink their beers together. 

"To a great visit!" John says. 

"To a great visit," Kevin and Amber say in unison. 

VI 

Kevin lays there awake on the sofa, the clock reads three am. "I can never sleep my first night in a new place." 

He gets up and walks to the bathroom in his cotton boxers, his muscular lean frame bathed in soft blue light. John and Amber's door is open about six inches and he can hear the soft breathing inside. He stops and looks in at first, he can't make out what he is looking at. As his eyes adjust he can see the two shapes on the bed. Amber's thin frame is huddled under blankets on the side of the bed closest to him. John is laying on his back his head turned to the side facing away from him. The blankets do not cover John above the mid thigh. 

This is a sight Kevin has seen hundreds of times, the two of them passed out sleeping from all of the days back in college. 

John's body is only slightly changed, just a little more padding on him. His stomach is still flat though and smooth, Kevin can still see John's chest, he has not become fat by any means. He sees John's boxer briefs are tented he has an erection that is pushing the thin fabric past the waistband and is pointing away from Kevin. 

Kevin finishes pissing and heads back to the sofa where he falls to sleep. 

VII 

The first morning John and Amber wake and throw on some sweats before leaving their bedroom. 

There on the sofa is their friend his blanket lies on the floor his leg is draped over the side. His arms extended above his head and over the arm. His sculpted torso show his ribcage and his rock hard abs. 

John stops at the end of the sofa near Kevin's feet for a second and looks at his old friend lying there. "Man he is in good shape," John thinks to himself. His eyes wander down Kevin's body from his chin. He sees Kevin's balls partly out the leg of his boxers and for a second is reminded of the times he teabagged his friend when he was lying like this in the past. He sees the shaft under the boxer short material begin to swell and move and decides to move on and join Amber in the kitchen before his friend gets too hard. 

In the kitchen the couple who have been married for just two years, try to quietly make tea and prepare breakfast. 

Kevin wakes to the sounds of movement above his head somewhere in the kitchen. He hears cupboards opening and closing and water running. He stretches and realizes he is rock hard. He looks down at his eight inch hard cock. It is very obvious as it pushes up way past his waistband and tents the material noticeably. Luckily he was with John and Amber who he's sure has seen it before. He sits up and arranges his cock in a way that hides his hardness when he hunches forward on the sofa. His clothes he sees are on the chair across the room where he left them. 

"How'd you sleep?" asks Amber as she curls up on the chair sitting on top of Kevin's t-shirt and blows on her hot tea. 

Kevin sees his jeans fall off the chair back and disappear behind Amber's body. He needs to chill and remember who he is with, these are not strangers he needs to worry about. 

"Good, yeah, eventually," Kevin answers, "I always have trouble the first night in a new place." 

Kevin can feel his cock poking hard against his belly as he stays in the hunched forward position. John comes and sits right beside him putting an arm across his shoulders and giving a quick good morning squeeze. 

"Hey," Kevin says glancing sideways at his friend. 

John with his arm still across Kevin's shoulder leans back against the sofa and pulls Kevin into an upright position beside him. Kevin's back hits the back of the sofa as John removes his arm and turns slightly to face Kevin. 

Kevin sees his cock still tenting the boxers badly in this leaned back position and tries to just relax and not think about it. "They've seen it all before," he says to himself inside his head. 

"What do you want to do?" John asks and the two of them begin throwing around ideas. 

Amber notices how tented Kevin's boxers are as soon as he sits back and wonders how big he must be hard. Definitely bigger than John she thinks to herself. 

Kevin's cock begins to fall which just tents the fabric more forward than up as it starts to point farther away from him. 

The two of them sitting there beside each other gets Amber thinking about her fantasy for her husband. She feels the first drops of moisture begin inside her pussy and tries to get her mind on something else. 

The three of them remember old times and it isn't long before Amber begins the threesome joking. 

"Hey, you're single, just like back then," Amber says, "Guess we have to look after you and have a threesome like we planned." 

Everyone laughed. 

Kevin begins to think about what a threesome would be like with Amber and John and his cock begins to swell. It is obvious to all three of them that his cock is growing, it begins to point more towards the ceiling again. 

John, noticing Kevin's face says, "What, are you picturing it?" 

They all laugh again. 

"Kinda," Kevin says. 

"So what should we do today?" asks John. 

The three decide that exploring the city and showing Kevin around would be a good way to spend the first day and tonight they will grab some coolers and beers and have some drinks, play some beer pong back at the apartment. 

VIII 

"It's like déjà vu, standing here with my red cup," says Kevin, before sipping his beer standing beside the dining table. 

"Yeah!" says John as he bounces another ping pong ball across the table. 

Kevin was beginning to feel the effects of the drink and was enjoying being with his old friends. He remembered what a great ass John has in his jeans while he stood behind him. 

"We have to make this interesting, make a bet or something," says Amber chasing a ball across the living room. 

"Oral Poker!" John says laughing. 

Amber bursts our laughing. 

"What? What's that?" Kevin asks. 

"Oh just a game we play," says Amber "Loser has to orally pleasure the winner." 

Kevin doubled over laughing. 

"But we have three players, oh well," says John still red from laughing. 

"Losers have to do whatever the winner makes em do then," says Amber. 

"Seriously?" asks Kevin. 

"Why not?" challenged Amber. 

"Like do what?" John asks, looking more serious. John was a very competitive person and has a tough time resisting any kind of contest. 

"Whatever the winner says," explained Kevin. 

"So the winner gets to make the other two do something for them?" John asks, searching for ideas for his friend and wife to do for him. "You will have to massage my back while I watch the game," John says pointing at Kevin, "while you make me dinner," he continues pointing at Amber and laughing. 

"Sure," says Kevin. 

"Like every night," Amber says rolling her eyes, "no problem." 

"What about you Kevin? What we have to do if you win?" Amber asks. 

"I've always wanted to see you guys fuck," says Kevin. 

"Really?" asks John. 

"Yeah, I mean I heard it enough always kinda' wanted to watch," Kevin says with a giant smile. 

"She'll never..." John starts. 

"...No problem, you can watch," Amber interrupts. 

John looks at her in shock. 

Amber sees the two old friends are both feeling the effects of alcohol and she herself has only had one glass of wine. She runs into the kitchen and quickly pours two shots of Jaeggermeister and one shot of Diet Pepsi for herself and comes back to the table. 

"Shooter time! To our beer pong competition!" Amber says holding her shot glass of diet cola above her head. 

Kevin and John each take their shots and after holding them up for a second swallowed them quickly. 

"Shit that stuff's good!" says Amber, "I'm getting another one!" 

"Woooo!" says John feeling good. 

They don't even bother to ask her what she will have as her winning prize. 

"First person to eliminate all their cups wins," yells Amber. 

Each person has five cups, Kevin and John on either end of the dining table and Amber has hers set up at the end of the coffee table. 

When Amber eliminates two of her cups with only two bounces of the ball, John asks, "What if you win?" 

"I don't know yet, you guys will have to do something for me," Amber answers dismissively. 

Neither John nor Kevin realizes what Amber has in mind, they both assume they will be cleaning the apartment or running errands. 

The alcohol is definitely affecting the players, John has four cups left and it is getting him angrier every time he missed. Kevin and Amber have knocked out all but one of their cups. The next person to land a ping pong ball in a cup will win. 

John realizes there is a very good chance he will have to fuck his wife in front of his best friend and is beginning to worry about performing, his friend seeing his hard cock and whether he will be impressive. 

Every time Amber bounces her ball on the table John is crossing his fingers and hoping she will land it. He does not want Kevin to win. 

Kevin bounces a ball that looks as though it's finished the contest when the ball instead glances off the inner rim and sails past the table. 

"Holy fuck!" John screams, "That was close." 

The next ball Amber bounces lands in the cup and she wins. 

"YES!" screams John. He comes over and kisses her cheek. 

IX 

"What do we have to do?" Kevin asks. 

"Everything I tell you!" answers Amber emphatically. 

"kay," says John. 

"Come in the bedroom," Amber says. 

"What we have to do it right now?" asks John. 

"Yes," 

Amber walks into the bedroom and turns on the lights, the room is bathed in soft ember. 

She pushes all the clothes off the chair in the corner of the room and sits down with her legs over the arm. The two men stood staring at her. 

"Kiss," she says with a small giggle. 
