 It was a large high school, so I was surprised to walk into the locker room and find my locker next to Chris's. Chris and I had lived next door to one another when we were kids, and we used to have epic wrestling matches and sword fights growing up. It was hard to believe we'd once been friends, though, given the ways we'd grown apart. Chris had developed into a tall, athletic youth, muscular and lean. He ran track and played on the football team, and I'd seen him in the cafeteria with the other jocks, laughing loudly and engaging in rough horseplay. I, on the other hand, was slender and still quite young-looking, with dark hair and eyes and smooth skin, and preferred art and English classes. Even though we had both turned eighteen this past year, I still felt like a boy, while he was clearly every inch a man. Though Chris was never among them, his friends had bullied me all through middle school, shoving me into walls or taunting me for being unathletic, calling me a fag. I wondered if Chris would remember me, and if he would treat me the same way. I was soon to find out. 

I came into the locker room one day, flushed and sweaty from gym class, and peeled off my shorts and jersey, ready to jump in the shower. Before I could turn on the water, though, I froze at the sound of a female voice in the locker room, quickly shushed in a whisper by a voice I recognized. I peeked around the thin plastic shower curtain and saw Chris sitting on one of the long wooden benches. Ariana, the petite head cheerleader, had tossed her pompoms aside and was kneeling down between his legs. She fumbled with the flap on his shorts and pulled out his cock, then began to pull the thick meat in and out of her mouth, sucking him to hardness. I was amazed at his size; his cock was so large, Ariana at first just ran her lips and tongue over the purple head. Chris moaned and tipped his head back. I could see his cock begin to twitch and jump; he was now fully erect, swelling and hard, and I could see the veins pulsing along its length. To my surprise, I felt the heaviness of my own cock as it began to stiffen in response. I pictured the warm wetness of a mouth around it; shy and insecure, I had still never had any sexual encounters beyond my own hand, and watching Chris getting blown just a few feet from the shower where I hid was the closest I'd come. I wrapped that hand around my hard shaft now and began to softly stroke it as I watched. 

Chris was moaning softly now as Ariana began to bob more vigorously up and down, thrusting his hips involuntarily to meet her lips, trying to push more of his length into her hungry mouth. I could hear the wet sucking sound as his cock slid rhythmically in and out and slid my hand over my own raging hard-on in time with that rhythm. As she sucked faster and faster, I pulled at my own cock with matching speed, feeling my face flush and my balls start to tighten. Then, without warning, Chris looked up. His icy blue eyes met mine as I looked out from behind the shower curtain, and a thrill of terror tore through me; I waited with my heart hammering for him to tear the curtain aside and beat the shit out of me. To my surprise, though, instead of leaping up, he smirked slightly nd held my gaze as he took the back of Ariana's head in his large hand and used the leverage to push his cock deeper into her throat. 

He was so large, though, that she could only take the first third of him before she began to gag at his thrusts and pulled away. He groaned in frustration this time and thrust his hips with greater urgency, but she could only suck the tip and run her tongue up and down his quivering shaft. Finally, she encircled his cock with her tiny hand and began to work the base while her tongue slid up and down the underside of his massive rod. He leaned back again as she worked him harder and faster; his cock darkened and throbbed. 

Then, suddenly, a bell rang in the gym, and from outside the locker room, several girls began calling Ariana's name. she jumped up and wiped her mouth bashfully. "Shit. I've gotta run," she said apologetically, then picked up her pompoms and raced to join her friends, leaving Chris with his cock sticking out of his shorts, still shiny and wet from her tongue. 

I swallowed heavily, suddenly acutely aware that I was trapped in this shower stall, naked and hard, with no way to hide my erection. Beyond the curtain, above my pounding heartbeat and the sound of my rapid, ragged breathing, I heard his shorts drop to the floor, then the slap of bare feet on tile. I saw his shadow stop just outside my stall, then heard his voice husky on the other side of the curtain. "How'd you like the show?"

"Sorry," I stammered. "I just came in to take a shower, and –" I faltered as he pulled the curtain aside with a clatter and stepped in beside me. He turned to the neighboring nozzle and turned the tap as if oblivious to my obvious boner, or his own. He leaned his head back again and shut his eyes, allowing the jet of hot water to spray across his chest and run down his tight, well-muscled stomach. I glanced down and saw the rivulets running down to the curly blond hairs at the base of his cock. Seeing how hard he still was made my own cock swell even more. Inexplicably, I pictured that cock in my mouth as it had been in Ariana's, and shook my head to banish the image from my mind. 

As if he could hear my thoughts, Chris spoke: "Yeah, Ariana's pretty hot, but her mouth's so goddamned small. Sometimes I just want to really stick it in there; you know what I mean?" I swallowed again, nervously, unsure of how to respond. He wiped hater from his face and opened his eyes. His gaze again met mine. Facing me, our cocks stood just inches apart. "You think you could do better?" he asked, his eyes traveling from my face to his glistening cock. At first I thought he was joking; Chris White, star quarterback, asking me to suck his dick? He looked in my eyes again and nodded, though, his face serious. "Don't leave me hanging, bro," he said, his voice softer now, urgent. "Look at what she left me with." Scarcely thinking about what I was doing, I sank to my knees without breaking his gaze and opened my mouth. 

Chris braced himself with one hand on the curtain rod. His back arched as I took his cock between my lips and slid my tongue along its hot length. The hiss of the shower drowned out my beating heart and the steam rose up around us. His hips began to pump, forcing his salty cock further and further down my virgin throat. His moans and the hardness of his cock were making me so horny I could hardly stand it. I echoed his moan, sending vibrations through him. As he thrust, I felt the head of his cock hit the back of my throat again and again. I gagged, then, as Ariana had, at the intrusion of his swollen cock, but I was so turned on and wanted him so badly at this point that my body took over; I felt my gag reflex relax, my throat opened, and with the next thrust, I took all ten inches of him, my throat spasming around him, until he was grinding his pelvis up against my face and my eyes were watering. Again and again I swallowed reflexively, massaging him with every contraction of my throat. Just when I thought I couldn't stand any more, he withdrew his cock, allowing me a gasping breath, then drove into me again, moaning in pleasure as I worked his length with my tongue. He pumped in and out of me, his heavy balls tapping my chin. I raised my eyes, and with water dripping down my face and my jaw stretched by his girth, saw him still bracing himself, his muscles taut, mouth half open, in ecstasy. He began to buck in and out of my mouth faster, more roughly, punctuating each thrust with an urgent grunt. My ewere watering, my lungs burning for want of air. I wondered if he was going to come in my throat, but he pulled out abruptly with a wet pop and let out a great breath. I got unsurely to my feet, my mouth raw, my own cock now painfully throbbing. He looked down and laughed hoarsely. 

"Hey," he said, "remember those games we used to play as kids?"I nodded. The hiss of water on tile was the only sound. The air between us was thick with rising steam. "Rolling around naked was a whole lot different then, huh?" He took a step forward. His cock brushed mine, sending a jolt of electricity through me. Suddenly, he reached down, gripping both our cocks together in his powerful hand. I gasped. "Let's make this interesting," he suggested. 

I squirmed, helpless in his grasp. "What do you mean?" In answer, he closed in and began boxing at me as if play fighting, grabbing me in a headlock and pulling me in until his cock slid up against the soft skin of my abdomen. Before I really knew what was happening, he spun me around, my feet squeaking on the wet tile. I felt his cock press hot and urgently along the length of my bare ass crack. When I realized what he planned to do, I began to struggle in earnest, but his broad palm had a firm grip on my belly, his fingers gripping me right where my wispy pubes began. My squirming only made his cock harder, while the pressure of his hand made me feel like my cock was going to explode. Somehow the helplessness of my situation – knowing this man was going to take me and that I was powerless to stop him – filled me with a thrill of excitement. I felt his hot breath on my ear as he pulled me in to him. My struggles grew weaker; my knees almost buckled at the knowledge that Chris White was about to fuck me in the school showers. 

I felt the head of his cock forcing me open, and trembled beneath his grip. I moaned with fear and pain as his slippery cock head pushed inside me with a pop. His breathing was ragged and I could tell that restraining himself was taking all of his energy. "You know this is what you always wanted," he whispered, pressing himself into me inch by inch. I was ashamed to feel hot tears spring from my eyes; I was sure Chris' cock was going to tear me apart. Then, unable to hold back any longer, he drove into me with one hard thrust. I couldn't stifle a cry of shock and pain as I felt his cock fill me, then felt him move inside me as he shifted and partially withdrew. Another thrust followed, and, holding me by the neck and hips, he began to pump in and out of me, grunting as he forced himself into my tight ass. The pain began to be overwhelmed by the sensation of being fucked, and I found myself moving to take more of him inside me, meeting his thrusts and letting him deeper and deeper until his hips were grinding up against my ass and I was fully impaled on his throbbing tool. 

Forgetting the scandal of what we were doing, I began to moan uncontrollably, my voice broken by the force of his rhythmic pumping. He was moving like an animal now, fucking me with a force that made him grunt. In response to my moans, he slid his hand up and firmly grasped my aching cock. A cry escaped me as he used my cock like a handle to pull me closer into him. Now he began pumping my cock violently while he held me impaled upon his own. I felt my muscles ripple and contract, clenching around the hot shaft buried ten inches deep inside me. He redoubled his stroking as my spasms milked his cock. Now he clutched at me desperately, pulling me to him so hard he left bruises, trying to force me open more, fuck me deeper. I felt his cock swell inside me and then a hot rush as with a cry he pumped load after load of hot cum deep inside me. The feeling of his seed filling me as he stroked and squeezed my cock drove me over the edge; my balls tightened up and as he gave a final squeeze, I started to come in great violent spurts. His grip relaxed and there was a sucking sound as he pulled his softening cock out of me. We both stood there. I slowly became aware again of the sound of the shower, the hot water streaming down onto us. 

Abruptly, Chris straightened up and patted my shoulder roughly. "Guess I won this round," he joked. He pushed the curtain aside and went to grab a towel, leaving me alone again in the stall. I slid to the tiled floor, full of his cum and still tingling from my massive orgasm. I could hardly believe I had just been brutally fucked for the first time by Chris, the all-star athlete, but I smiled in the secret knowledge that it wouldn't be the last.