 "How was your date with Mary?" Rusty asked sitting up next to Scott who had just come in the door and sat on the sofa.

Scott looked at Rusty. "It was good. We went to some friends of hers. Nice people. A couple of the guys there were into cars so I had something in common with them, which surprised me, I'm glad to say. I think I picked up a couple of jobs on the side from them, you know, extra cash fixing their cars."

"That's good."

"Yeah."

"How is it going with Mary and yourself?"

"Good. We're good. I really like her. And I think she likes me."

Rusty smiled at Scott. "I'm happy to hear that."

"Rusty, you know what's kind of strange about this thing with Mary?"

"What's that?"

"She and I have been out three times now, right?" Rusty nodded. "And I still haven't gotten any nookie, yet." Rusty looked at Scott and started to say something but Scott continued, "And what's strange about that is, I don't care. I mean I care but I don't care. Know what I mean? Its like just BEING with her... I'm okay with just being around her, being with her, having her look at me while I'm looking at her. Just getting a kiss from her, ah man, she makes me feel sooo good."

"You know what, Scott? That's wonderful, it really is."

"It is? I mean yeah...." Scott's voice trailed off; he seemed to be thinking about something.

"What is it?" Rusty asked.

"Nothing."

"Come on, you can tell me."

"Naw man, I'm sorry, Bro but I gotta think about this a little more."

Rusty reached over and put his arm around Scott.  Scott relaxed against Rusty and sighed. "Its ok, Scott, I'm here when you're ready to talk."

"I know, man. I know," Scott said. Then, "Mary and I are supposed to go out tomorrow night. What are you and Coop doing?"

"Coop has a game. I'll probably go watch and after...," Rusty shrugged his shoulders. "I don't know."

"Cool."

Rusty sighed. "I guess I should hit the hay. I'm bushed."

"Me, too," Scott said, "but I'm going to watch some TV and relax."

"K." Rusty said and got up to leave.

"Night, Bro."

The next evening, Rusty arrived at Cooper's baseball game which was already in progress. He watched from the home plate fence as Cooper caught a strike and retired their side. Returning to the dugout, Cooper saw Rusty and walked to him.

"Hey, Rusty."

"Hey," Rusty replied. He had his fingers entwined the fence and Cooper's fingers met his. "I just got here, I had to work late."

"No problem. We're almost finished, its last inning. Are you gonna hang around?"

"Actually, I'm kind of tired. I'm gonna go home and relax but I wanted to stop by and say hello."

"Cool. Like I said, we're almost done. I could meet you at your place."

"Sounds good," Rusty said. "Scott's out with Mary. We'll have the house to ourselves for a change."

Someone called to Cooper, "Hey, Coop? You gonna play or talk to your boyfriend all night?" 

Coop turned to the voice then back to Rusty, "I gotta go."

"No prob. See you soon."

"Count on it."

 *****

Rusty was lying on his bed, shirtless, while watching TV. He heard the front door of the house open and Cooper called to him. "Rusty?"

"I'm in the bedroom," he yelled back. He heard the door close and then Cooper's footsteps as he approached the bedroom. Cooper paused in the doorway to Rusty's bedroom; he raised his right arm up and leaned against the door jam. 

Rusty looked at Cooper who was standing at the door in his tight, striped, baseball pants, dirty with sand and a tight t-shirt which hugged his chest, shoulders and upper arms nicely. He had his catcher's mask on and his baseball cap faced backwards. A large padded catcher's glove was on his left hand. His crotch bulged. Cooper had his baseball stockings and cleats on to fill the image. "Wanna play ball?" Cooper asked in a seductive tone. "I brought my own bat." Cooper reached down and grasped his crotch, hefting it for Rusty's benefit.

Rusty grinned at him. "Fuck, you look sooooo sexy, Coop!" Rusty grabbed the remote control and turned off the TV. Cooper walked in the room and stood next to the bed where Rusty sat up to greet him.  Cooper leaned down and Rusty kissed him, running his hands up Cooper's thighs to his crotch, feeling the protective cup in Cooper's pants. Rusty smiled. He balled his hand into a light fist and knocked on the cup. "Hey, can I come in?" Cooper chuckled. Rusty knocked again and said up to Cooper, "Maybe Willie wants to come OUT to play?" Then Rusty unzipped Cooper's pants and slid his hand into the hot, sweaty jockstrap. He cautiously pulled the cup out of one side of the jock pouch and dropped it to the floor. Cooper's meaty, uncut dick hung in his face. Rusty scooped it into his mouth and began to suck, tasting the acrid flavor of Cooper's sweat.

Cooper moaned and let the catcher's glove fall from his hand. He pulled the mask off but left his baseball cap on, still turned backwards. He pushed the cleats from his feet and then placed his hands on the back of Rusty's head. "Mmmmm, yeah, Rusty. That feels good, man. Fuck, I'm so horny." He was hard already and watched as Rusty peeled the foreskin down to reveal the large, plum shaped head. Rusty licked around the glans, staring up at Cooper for several seconds before taking half of the shaft into his mouth. He bobbed his head up and down on Cooper's cock while coaxing his balls free from the jock. He massaged Cooper's hairy nuts while licking up and down the thick shaft, tracing the blue blood veins which encircled Cooper's cock with his tongue. Holding the hard cock against his face, Rusty licked Cooper's nuts, cleaning the sweat from them.

Again, Rusty started sucking Cooper's thick, six inch cock. He ran his arms around Cooper and grabbed his hard, muscled ass with his hands. Rusty slowly pulled Cooper to him as he moved back on the bed. Keeping his cock in Rusty's mouth, Cooper climbed onto the bed. With his legs on either side of Rusty, he hitched himself up to Rusty's chest. Rusty let Cooper's cock slide out of his mouth and laid down completely under the man. He then reached up and guided Cooper's raging erection to his lips. Cooper unfastened his pants and pulled them apart before stretching his legs to either side of Rusty. With a loud sucking sound, Rusty let Cooper's cock spring out of his mouth then pulled Cooper's jockstrap down and hitched the wide waist-band under his nuts. With his equipment bunched above his jock, Cooper shoved his entire crotch into Rusty' face. He grunted as Rusty took his cock deep into his mouth until Cooper's hairy nuts rested on his chin and his thick, dark black, bush was crammed on his nose. He felt the head of his cock enter Rusty's throat and felt Rusty's tongue wrapping around his shaft. Practice has paid off, Cooper thought, noting Rusty was now able to deep throat him.

Cooper held himself suspended over Rusty's head. With his hands planted firmly on the bed, he began slow strokes in and out of Rusty's upturned face. Cooper looked down and watched his cock going in and out of Rusty's willing mouth. He watched the head pop out and Rusty licking it before he pushed the entire length in again. Rusty put his hands on Cooper's torso, shoving them up, into his shirt, and held onto Cooper's muscled body. In this way, Cooper fucked Rusty's mouth for several minutes. Hardly a word was spoken for quite some time. The only sounds where Cooper's moans of pleasure and the soft, sucking sounds Rusty's mouth made around his cock.

Tired now, Cooper eased himself off of Rusty. He rolled to one side and Rusty rolled with him. Cooper took the time to pull his shirt up and over his head. He retrieved the baseball cap from the shirt and put it back on his head, facing forward, this time. He let the shirt fall from his hand and onto the floor as Rusty's hungry mouth found his cock, again. Cooper made a loud grunt as Rusty sucked his entire cock into his mouth and his tongue grazed across Cooper's hairy scrotum. He began to breathe faster and faster. His chest heaved up and down, glistening with sweat. 

Sucking Cooper's cock, Rusty pushed Cooper's pants down to his knees. Cooper finished the job, pushing them off his legs with his feet. They fell to the floor. Next came the sweaty jockstrap. It was discarded next to Cooper's pants. Cooper ran one hairy leg up Rusty's body until it was next to Rusty's head. Rusty pushed the sock and stocking off Cooper's foot and then repeated the movement with the other foot. Cooper, completely naked now save for the baseball cap, laid prone under Rusty. 

Rusty sucked Cooper's cock for thirty minutes.

Finally, Cooper grabbed the bed with his hands. He tossed his head back, his eyes where squeezed shut, tightly. Still only shirtless, Rusty kneeled between Cooper's massive, thighs, sucking relentlessly on his cock. Cooper raised his hips and with one mighty groan, released a torrent of cum from both balls. "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH! FUUUUCK!" Rusty heard as his mouth was filled instantly to capacity with Cooper's sweet cum. Over and over, Rusty swallowed and over and over his mouth filled up again. Cooper's orgasm racked his body, he threw his head from side to side, his chest drew in a great gasp of air and Cooper held it. He felt as if every cell in his body exploded. It seemed to last forever. Colors of imaginable variety danced in his closed eyes. And then....he relaxed. His chest exhaled and then quickly inhaled over and over again. His body slowly recovered from the bliss and Cooper began to breathe more normally. 

Between Cooper's legs, Rusty continued to suck Cooper's cock. He sucked and swallowed, sucked and swallowed until there was nothing left. Rusty laid his head on Cooper's lower belly, keeping his cock in his mouth, nursing the softening, yet still hard organ. Ten more minutes ticked by and still Rusty was sucking. Finally, Rusty let Cooper's flaccid dick from his mouth. He climbed up Cooper's body, to his broad shoulders. Rusty lay on Cooper's sweaty torso and nuzzled his face into Cooper's neck.  After just a few more minutes, Cooper was asleep. 

Rusty rolled over and lay silently for several minutes, just listening the Coop's steady breathing. Then he too, fell asleep. But he didn't sleep long. 

Rusty felt Cooper's lips on his neck, kissing him lightly. Rusty pushed his body against Cooper and felt Cooper's erection against his butt. Cooper kissed Rusty's neck and he licked his earlobe. Then Cooper whispered into Rusty's ear. "I want to be inside, you."

"Yes, babe. I want you inside me." Rusty whispered back.

"Fuck you, good?" Cooper whispered back and pressed his cock into Rusty's ass crack.

"Hard and fast," Rusty said, "Deep inside me, my lover." Rusty intertwined his ankles around Cooper's and groaned. He rolled onto his stomach. "Inside me, Coop. Now."

Cooper reached for the vial of lubrication. He peeled the foreskin from his huge cock head and lubricated it. With slow, methodical thrusts, Cooper entered Rusty who groaned under him. Cooper kissed the back of Rusty's neck. He rubbed his chin down Rusty's spine, grazing him there with his beard stubble. Rusty spread his legs and Cooper worked his body between them as he fully entered his lover. Rusty looked over his shoulder and they kissed. Cooper grunted softly in Rusty's ear as his thick cock stretched Rusty's hole.  A long slow fucking ensued as Cooper bit and kissed Rusty's muscled back. Cooper ran his hands over Rusty's arms and then grasped his hard biceps as he continued to make love to Rusty. 

"Fuck me." Rusty whispered, "Fuck me. Harder, man...ahhhhh that's it. Fuck me, my man, my hard, muscled Jock! Fuck me! Fuck, your lover. Give me your man juice, Coop."

Cooper whimpered. "I'm going to come, Rusty."

"Come in me, my lover." Rusty whispered back. Their lips met. They kissed deeply.

"Oh Rusty! Oh Rusty! Oh man! Oh man! I.....LOVE.....YOU! I LOVE YOU, RUSTY!"

"Harder, Coop!"

Cooper began to buck his hips, harder, faster. "Oh RUSTY!"

"Yes, Coop! Come in me!"

"Rusty! Oh, Rusty! RUSTY! RUS.........TY!" Cooper came then. He bit into Rusty's back, hard, but not hard enough to draw blood. In Rusty, Cooper's cock erupted, blasting a huge load in his lover's butt. "OH RUSTY! RUSTY! RUSTY! Rus....ty! Rusty! Rus......ty! I love you! I....." Cooper thrusted one last time, driving the last of his semen into the man. "love you! Love You! Love.......YOU! Oh, Rusty!" Cooper dove his face into Rusty's neck. He grunted again, and continued to buck his hips. Rusty could feel Cooper's cock relaxing inside him. "Love you! Love you!" Cooper gasped one last time then his body went completely limp. He kissed Rusty's neck. His cock was spent. All of a sudden, Rusty expelled Cooper from himself and pushed him over onto the bed. He retrieved the lube and dosed his hard dick with a copious amount. 

Rusty climbed onto Cooper who lifted his ankles and placed them on Rusty's shoulders. Staring into Coop's eyes, Rusty slowly entered him, watching his expressions. Next, Rusty slid his shoulders under Cooper's knees so he could be closer to him. He held his cock inside Coop, not moving. "I want to feel you like this, Coop." Rusty whispered to him. "I just want to feel myself inside you."

Cooper reached up to Rusty's neck and wrapped his arms around him. "You feel so good inside me, Rusty." Rusty moved his hips from side to side. Cooper groaned. Then he put his hands around Rusty's face. Rusty kissed and licked Cooper's fingers. Cooper grasped Rusty's head and pulled the man to him while stretching his legs around Rusty's body. He crossed his ankles behind Rusty's butt and pushed Rusty deeper into him. Rusty tensed his cock inside Cooper. "Ahh Rusty! Fuck me with your big dick! I can feel you, man! Your so hard! I love it." Rusty relaxed his face an inch from Cooper's right nipple. He kissed him, licked him and then finally, sucked him there, leaving a mark that would take a week to heal. The whole time he kept his hard cock stationary inside Cooper.

Then Rusty pulled out an inch or so and then jammed back in, making Cooper whimper. He held his cock perfectly still. Then, he pulled out two inches, and shoved. Cooper groaned out loud. Three inches now. Cooper arched his back to meet Rusty's in-thrust. One more time, four inches. Cooper, with his ankles still locked behind Rusty, pushed again. 

"Wait!" Rusty went rigid over Cooper, holding his breath. His eyes were clinched shut as he held back his orgasm. Then, he opened them. Cooper looked into Rusty's eyes as Rusty began to breathe normally, again, however his cock felt like granite. Their faces were an inch apart.

"Ready?" 

"Yeah. That was close." Rusty kissed Cooper tenderly on his lips. His tongue explored Cooper's.

"Rusty, when you come, keep your eyes open. I want to look into your soul." 

"Ok, I will," Rusty whispered. "Fuck, Coop, I'm so hard. I could lay with you like this, inside you, forever."

"Me too, Rusty." Cooper kissed him. Rusty pulled out and shoved. "Mmmmmmmmmm, Rusty." Cooper ran his hands over Rusty's muscled, taught back. Then Rusty grew brave. He began to jack-hammer his dick in and out of Cooper. Coop tossed his head from side to side. All of a sudden, Rusty stopped. Again, his body went rigid as he staved off the impending orgasm. He stared into Cooper's eyes as the need diminished, slightly. He was breathing hard and hot into Coop's mouth. Their foreheads met as they kissed.

"Coop?" Rusty asked. He lifted his face a few inches.

"What, my love?"

"Be with me, forever. Ok? Let's be together, forever. Just you and I. Together. Please, Coop?" Rusty asked

Tears formed in Cooper's eyes. Rusty kissed them away. "Yes, Rusty. You and I. Together. Forever."

Rusty's heart filled with happiness he had never known. He began to ease himself in and out of Cooper. This time, there was no way he was going to be able to stop it.  Within seconds, his orgasm slammed into him. 

It did not begin in his crotch. It began in his brain and engulfed his body. It felt like every nerve-ending was exploding as his cock, lodged deep in Cooper, swelled almost to bursting. Cooper grabbed Rusty's face and held it a half-inch from his own. Just like he promised, Rusty kept his eyes open and Cooper stared into them. Rusty was barely aware of the strong hold Cooper had on him. He wanted to cry out but could not speak. His body was being taken over by a force beyond his control. Not that he tried to fight it. Instead, he allowed himself to fall into the chasm. As he fell, only one thought was processed in his mind: I love you, Coop.

As Rusty grew taught over him, Cooper held onto his face and stared into his eyes. He saw into Rusty's soul and saw the love there, for him. Cooper knew, right then, he knew he saw complete and total love Rusty had for him. He felt his eyes glistening over with tears.

"UUUHHHHHHhhhhhhhhh!" Rusty groaned as his orgasm finally released his body. Sensory input returned to him and he continued to stare into Cooper's eyes for a few seconds before he went limp. Cooper pulled Rusty's face into his neck. Rusty gulped gallons of air into his now functioning lungs and the tingling sensation eased from this nerve endings. Save for his heart thumping against Cooper's chest, his deep breathing and his cock slowly throbbing in Cooper, Rusty was still. 

Cooper ran his hands slowly over Rusty's back which was covered with a fine coat of sweat. He caressed his lover and stroked the back of his head and neck. Finally, Rusty lifted his head and kissed Cooper.

"Did you see into my soul?" Rusty asked. He kissed Cooper's lips tenderly. Also, he thrusted his hips and his cock throbbed again, pulsing the last of his cum into Cooper.

"Yes." Cooper said, between kisses.

"What did you see?" Rusty asked. He rested his forehead on Coop's.

"I saw your love for me."

"Really?"

"Yes."

"Then you did see into my soul. That's what fills it up, my love for you."

"My soul is filled with you love, as is my body. Damn, it felt like you came forever."

"I think I did." Rusty said. Then, reluctantly, Rusty extracted himself from Cooper and rolled onto his side. Cooper lay next to Rusty.

They talked softly, as lovers do, for several minutes.

"Damn, I bet the neighbors heard you tonight," Coop began. "Was I that good?"

"You're always that good," He said and then kissed Coop on the lips. "But usually Scott is in the next room so I have to tone it down a bit. He's out with Mary again."

"What is this, their third date?"

"Fourth," Rusty replied. His hand found Coop's dick and he held it softly, absently.

"I forgot to tell you," Cooper began, "I ran into Mary yesterday at work. She told me she really likes Scott. I could see it in her eyes."

"She said that?"

"Uh huh." Cooper played with the hair on Rusty's chest.

"I know he's head over heels about her. Its good to see him so happy."

"What about you? Are you happy?"

"You mean with you? Fuck yeah! I love you, Coop."

"I love you, too, Rusty."

"Let me up, Babe, I need to get a drink. I'm thirsty. Can I get you anything?" Rusty asked.

"All I need is you, Rusty."

"You are so sweet." They kissed. "I'll be right back." Rusty got out of bed and walked to the kitchen. He got a tall drink of water, drank it and then was refilling the glass when he heard the front door opening. He turned to see Scott walking in the house. Scott came in the kitchen and spanked Rusty once on his naked butt. "What's up, dude?"

"Nothing, just thirsty."

Scott opened the refrigerator and looked inside, "Damn, I'm as hungry as a fucking horse!" He grabbed a container filled with left over pork chops. "Ahhhh yeah! Come to Papa!" Scott opened the plastic bowl and grabbed four chops. He threw them onto a plate and shoved them in the microwave. He jabbed at a few numbers and leaned back against the couter top as he microwave did its thing. He grinned at Rusty.
