 The anal plug was buried deep within me, and as I tapped on the base of the thick, hearty plug, I once again felt a thrill as I felt he vibrations of that tapping cascading into me. With each tap, my breath caught briefly in my throat, and my manhood throbbed against the pillow beneath me. Yet part of the exhilaration of the moment was the noise coming from the surrounding dorm rooms as students returned from Spring Break – the normal, everyday, mundane sounds seemed to augment the naughtiness of the deep penetration. 

For his part, Ryan was sitting on his bed, leaning back against the wall, stroking himself slowly as he watched me. He was breathing slowly, desire in his eyes as they raked over my bare flesh. He had a new box of condoms beside him on the bed, and with his free hand, he worked carefully and deliberately to open the box, never taking his eyes off me, simply feeling his way to ultimately open the box as I continued to tap upon the base of the large anal plug inside me. 

In time, my roommate stopped stroking himself. He took a condom from the box, and took his eyes off me long enough to ensure that he did not inadvertently tear the condom as he opened the blue foil enclosure. I watched with great fascination as he rolled the condom onto his tall, thick, hearty erection, imagining how it would feel to have him sliding into me, his entry having been made much easier by the twenty minutes or so of having had the anal plug embedded within me. 

A pair of women shrieked with excitement in the hallway, temporarily breaking the intangible connection I felt with my roommate. But then he stood beside my bed, slowly dribbling some lube upon his thinly-covered length, and as I licked me lips in anticipation, he stroked himself, directly in front of my face, spreading the lube evenly, his free hand reaching for the plug... 

He tapped, much harder than I had been tapping previously, and my breath caught in my throat again. Ryan continued the tapping, a solid, steady rhythm, and my body of its own volition began to move in the same rhythm. I slid against the pillow, infusing it with my natural scent, anointing it with my natural lubrication. Instinctively, I reached for the other pillow on the bed and slid it underneath my head, my breath coming faster and harder. 

The tapping eventually stopped, and Ryan grasped the base of the anal plug with his fingertips. Slowly, carefully, he began to remove the plug, but as soon as the thickest width of the plug successfully been retrieved, he pressed the plug back into me. I groaned softly despite myself, and despite what I had anticipated, my own erection seemed to harden even further. 

I heard more voices – two guys – passing by our locked door. While I could not clearly hear their conversation, just their mere presence a few feet away, on the other side of two inches of wood, sent an extra shudder of I-can't-believe-I'm-actually-doing-this! along the entire length of my spine, culminating in a significant twitch against the first pillow. 

Ryan toyed with me. At his whim, he would tap the base of the thick plug, or twist it inside me, or briefly withdraw part of the plug and then press it back into my body. He had me guessing, and often guessing incorrectly, what he would do with the plug next, and that perpetuated my arousal and kept my erection sliding against the pillow. 

"On your hands and knees," he instructed. It took me a moment to comply, the anal plug moving deep within me as I moved into the indicated position upon the bed. Ryan mounted the bed at last, kneeling behind me, twisting the plug once again. 

...and then he removed it for the final time, taking the plug completely out of my body as I groaned into the pillow beneath my head. He would clearly have seen a gaping cavity, and I felt as if I had just lost a part of me. But he quickly set the anal plug upon the towel beside us on the bed and then dribbled the lube into my gaping cavity as it began to tighten anew... 

The lube was cool upon and within me, sending a subtle shiver through my entire body. My manhood pulsed beneath me, and I reached back to stroke myself, but Ryan caught my wrist with a lubed hand and prevented me from touching myself. 

I waited, but not for long, for he pressed against my tightening rosebud, the lube surrounding that ring combining with the lube upon his condom-covered shaft to ease his passage into me. I barely held back a long moan which almost certainly would have alerted those in the hallway or in the nearby down rooms as to the activities taking place upon me bed. And once my roommate was fully within me, he bent over me and rested upon my back, one arm wrapped around my chest while his lubed hand reached between my legs. 

Slowly, he stroked me, occasionally pausing to briefly finger my hanging testicles. It was a struggle to keep my arms stiffened to support his weight upon me as his touches and his penetration sent all sorts of thoughts and sensations surging through my being. He remained completely still inside me, but he was indeed being pleasured as well, as the sensations he created within me caused me to clench around his thick erection. 

Outside, a car alarm sounded. On the other side of the wall, Jeff returned from Spring Break and greeted his roommate Tommy and their shared girlfriend Justine. From another nearby dorm room, someone began playing "Welcome to the Jungle" at a very high volume. 

Time soon lost all meaning. Everything started to blur together. Anything not directly connected to Ryan and the pleasure he was giving me drifted into the murky haze of the unimportant. Even the telltale tightening was a missed sign, for suddenly, I could barely breathe, trying to remain absolutely silent as my pleasure rocketed from me in multiple jets of white, bemiring the black sheet fitted to the thin mattress. 

I collapsed upon the bed at last, my essence warmed by my stomach and my chest. I was breathing hard, my eyes still clamped shut, somewhat thankful to no longer have my roommate's weight directly upon my back. But the pillow beneath me kept me at the right angle... 

He moved within me. His hands upon my shoulders to keep me pressed to the sullied bed, he took his pleasure from me, his long hard length gliding easily inside me. It was difficult to breathe, and his hands upon my shoulders made me feel used, made me feel like only an object. 

Recognizing the irregular pattern of his breathing, I knew that he was close to his own climax. I only questioned whether he would realize his orgasm inside the condom or if he would rip it off and unleash his seed upon me. 

It was the latter. Several lengths of warm whiteness ultimately lined my back, and as I lay upon the bed, dazed and satisfied, he went and sat upon his own bed, looking at me fondly, drinking in the sight of me. 

Nothing was said for a long time. Neither of us made any effort to cover ourselves. And so we remained until it was time to dress and shower and head to the dining hall for dinner.