 Since the left side door of the paired booths was closed, going into the right side was the only choice. Like the choice to use some late afternoon free time to return to the first glory hole where I had felt a man's touch on my hard cock, the first place where I had rubbed my rigid length along another man's gorgeous turned on cock, and the first glory hole where a stranger had sucked me off to a glorious orgasm, helpless from the moment my cock touched his lips.

Entering the unoccupied booth, the slider on the other side was open about 1/2 inch, and I noticed that someone was playing porn. Already, a certain thrill was racing its way to my stiffening cock, as I turned, closed the door, and placed some coins above the slot. While putting a couple of them in to start the porn, the sound of coins clinking on the other side could be heard, another encouraging sign that the original gloryhole's drought was about to break.

Considering how his slider was only opened a bit, a measured pace appeared the best way to start. With the front of my jeans at a good angle for him to see what was happening, I unbuttoned the last button of my shirt, then unzipped jeans zipper without pretense. After unbuttoning the jeans, I let my right hand slide through my bush, my arm parting a shirt half to the side. My hand kept reaching deeper, creating a bulge as it moved over my still covered, downward pointing cock.

Whatever concerns I'd had about the reaction of the person in the other booth were fading as I kept touching my cock, so tempted knowing that another cock was so close. Pulling my pants down enough to free my cock, I turned and sat down, starting to check through the porn offerings, getting comfortable for the next couple of minutes.

And after a moment, hand gripping my half hard cock, I leaned over to peer through the small opening. I saw an erect cock being stroked, obviously aroused, likely for the same reason causing my cock to feel so good as it grew heavier and longer, making the stroking more irresistible, leading me along, melting any concerns. The same way his cock had led him along, sitting in the dark waiting for a stranger to get off with.

Following a couple of further glances through the small opening while changing the video channels, I slowly moved the slider about 1/3 of the way open. Apart from making it easier to see his sexy cock, and demonstrating my own interest, it clearly had an effect on him, as his stroking was faster than before. Which in turn caused my own stroking to increase along my now stiff shaft, circled thumb and fingers hitting the bottom of my cockhead. As this started feeling even more irresistible, I forced my right hand down to my balls as the left opened the slider the rest of the way, my erect cock jutting from the enclosing hand at its base.

His pants were clearly out of the way, and I pulled my own jeans down, spreading my legs and parting my shirt, letting him see just how horny I was, if he had had any doubts by that point. My left hand went through the gloryhole to touch his cock as my own stroking grew ever more intense, the pleasure spiking every time my flared cockhead was touched. And soaring when first feeling his silky stiffness, my moaning again starting as I crossed the boundary between fantasy and reality, into purely male sex.

I kept touching him, his breathing growing faster and louder, now almost gasping, undoubtedly because of how good it must have felt to have a stranger with a turned on cock play with his own. By this point, my own stroking had slowed, to concentrate on just the cock head itself - keeping myself right on the edge of cumming, holding another man's hard cock while playing with my own.

His hand went to his cock, and after a moment, gently moved my hand away. The touch of his hand, rougher and thicker than a woman's, was a wonderful distraction from cumming, and as I slowly gained a sense of control, his hand kept gripping mine, his fingers along my palm, a sense of sexual contact flowing from our questing fingers alone. Holding hands while playing with our cocks, communicating the pleasure we were sharing. I half turned, and rose with one foot on the floor, my other knee on the seat, facing where our hands were exploring.

The still somehow forbidden touch of a man when I am so horny is itself incredibly erotic, and he seemed to share the same thought. After a couple of moments, he was able to push my hand back, then coming through to my side, finding my willing cock quickly. By this point, I was helpless, the flood of orgasm approaching inexorably. As my body slumped, he slowed down, his hand sliding down to feel my balls. Which was enough of a break to allow me to gain a certain control, my own hand now again at my cock, guiding it along the edge of a beckoning eruption of hot pumping cum. Panting had replaced the moaning, my hungry desire crumbling almost all restraint, apart from a stronger desire to have the pleasure last. The first couch almost always makes me cum, a feeling shared by a number of men in my no longer not so limited experience.

His hand moved back up along my shaft, replacing my own, as I sank against the wall again, my knees barely able to support me against the pleasure. Time and mind dissolved under his touch, his rough male hand leading me into a pool of pleasure, my cock sinking ever deeper into his grasp, pointing down as he forced it to meet his needs. And after he reached the cock head, his fingers spread the welling pre-cum, sinking me further into liquid bliss, my head lightly hitting the wall as I could no longer hold it, the pleasure now overwhelming.

The connection between unbreakable, causing pleasure beyond control as I began to cum, with the distant awareness that he knew just how good it was, a feeling beyond words but easily shared. My cum just kept flowing as the wall supported my head and shoulders, my cock still pointing down in his hand as waves of pleasure spread themselves though me, each new wave starting from the center of glorious orgasm. Slowly, his strokes grew softer and slower, letting me finally realize just how weak I was after another intense orgasm with a man. Men seem to know how good it is to keep touching, even as an orgasm subsides and fades.

I stepped back, and my own hand went through, wanting to stroke his cock, and make him cum like he had me. However, he had stepped back in the meantime, and after a few seconds of my hand questing, I felt his softening cock on my arm, a bit of hot cum trailing onto my skin. Clearly, we had both cum during that wonderfully mindless haze shared between two horny strangers wanting nothing but sex, the reason why gloryholes exist.