 It had been about three months since my previous and only visit to Mike the male masseur in Walthamstow Village in East London. During that time apart from one visit to Chariots the gay sauna in Shoreditch I had been strictly straight. Strictly straight, but not strictly faithful to Kelly my wife of just over fifteen years. But then I doubted that she was strictly faithful either as she travelled quite a bit during that time and seemed to be accompanied everywhere by Mark one the freelance trainers she employed. It seemed near to inconceivable to me that she would spend many nights in hotels or training centre with him and sleep in her own bedroom every night!

We both knew that the other played away, but we never discussed it; maybe a bit head in the sand, but it worked for us. Also, although she knew from the two threesomes we had with two different guys, that I had some bi tendencies that was never raised.

These tendencies that had become increasing strong over the past few years had prompted me to visit a gay sauna several times where I had become increasingly daring. Starting with giving and receiving hand relief, although that took me four visits to achieve the first time I had gone on to oral where I had been sucked to several orgasms, two being where he kept me in his mouth as I cum. I had returned the favour a few times but not to the point where I let anyone cum in my mouth although I welcomed a couple cumming on me with one specifically asking to cum on my face. In the excitement of the moment it seemed a good idea, but later washing the spunk out of my eye I was not so sure

I had still not gone all the way, but I had come close to it a few times and in my heart I knew that it was just a matter of time. In my messing around at the sauna I had been asked several whether I was a bottom or top and at first I had no answer. Gradually though I recognised and acknowledged that emotionally I was more likely to be a bottom.

A guy I got to know at Chariots had given me the phone number of Mike the male masseure and I had arranged a massage partly, deep down, in the hope that he would fuck me. I more and more saw this as an inevitability and as I did that so I wanted more and more to have my cherry plucked. But the sauna although clean and well run with most of the punters being impeccably well behaved was rather sordid and doing such a momentous thing as being fucked in my arse there did not sit comfortably with me. However, I did not know anyone who could supply such a service and picking up a guy in a gay bar or club had no appeal. Mike seemed the obvious answer.

The first time I went there he gave me a great massage and as he moved that onto fondling my perineum, cupping my balls and stroking my cock he slipped his shorts down and let me suck his awesome cock. He didn't cum, but gave me a magnificent orgasm and suggested that if I wanted the de-luxe package next time he would cum and implied that he would fuck me if I wanted him to, well I was pretty sure that he implied that he would.

The night before my next appointment with Mike, Kelly was home from a three day trip to Manchester. Almost before we had finished dinner we were making sexual innuendos and I got her to remove her blouse and bra as we ate. Whether it was guilt on my part for what I was about to do tomorrow or on her part for what I imagine she had done in Manchester, I have no idea, but we had some really amazing sex.

 *

When I phoned to make the appointment I had tried reminding Mike about my last visit and although he was polite I doubt he remembered me.

"You mentioned about a de-luxe package Mike?"

"Yes I have several."

"Like to describe them?

"Sure, the most popular is we shower together then I massage you in the nude."

"What you?"

"Yes of course, ok?"

"Brilliant."

"It's a thirty minute massage then you massage me, but we do that on my bed and not the massage table."

"You mentioned that you would cum."

"Yes I do and will cum wherever you want me to."

"What choices do I have," I had asked my cock hardening as we spoke."

"In your hand, anywhere on you, in your mouth or, for another fifty, up your bum."

"How much is the whole package."

"Two hundred."

So as I parked my car right outside his neat little house I knew exactly what was on the agenda and boy was excited. 

That excitement had been with me since talking to him on the phone when I had become erect and I had shoved my jeans down. As he explained the de-luxe package I had started to rub myself and just after he had told me that he would cum up my arse and we had rung off I exploded and soaked the pair of Kelly's white, satin panties that I had been stroking myself with.

Mike's a tallish guy just over my six one, he's good looking without being strikingly handsome and being German he has a Teutonic blondeness and upright bearing. From my previous experience I knew that like me he had a toned and muscular body, carried no extra weight and, unlike me, had an awesome, around eight inch and excitingly thick cock. As he showed me in and walked up the narrow stairs behind me the thought of that sliding up my arse both aroused and scared me.

"So you want the de-luxe do you James?" He asked as we stood in what he called his studio, but in reality was his massage room.

"Yes Mike, yes please," I replied probably with a shaking voice.

"All of it?"

"Does it include sex?" I rather stupidly asked.

"But of course James, what did you have in mind."

Usually I am a pretty composed and cool guy and can handle most situations without losing control. But here with Mike a gay or at least very bi masseur talking about sex I was so out of my depth that I had no control. He had it all and to be truthful, I think that is what I wanted. I felt submissive to him and although I was undecided on being a top bottom or versatile I felt that I wanted him to control and direct me, perhaps even dominate me.

"Er, um well to be truthful Mike I want to be fucked."

Moving closer to me, he put his hand on my cheek leaned forward and said.

"Well babe you have come to exactly the right place."

The kiss was as unexpected as it was exciting and arousing. He pulled me to him and ground his stomach against mine as his arms went round me and his found and squeezed the cheeks of my arse. His lips writhed against mine and his tongue probed deep into my mouth. I had, of course, kissed guys before at Chariots, but that was with total strangers. Although Mike also was a stranger and one I was paying to 'service' me, it somehow seemed more intimate and personal. I had for some time yearned to meet a guy outside the saunas and perhaps go on a date, dinner maybe then have sex together and this was more like that.

He broke the kiss just as I was starting to harden.

"Mmmmm nice James, where did you learn to kiss guys like that?"

"Well Chariots I suppose that's the only place I have kissed a guy. You know it?"

"Yes I went there a few times," he said smiling and adding. "They taught you well."

Feeling more relaxed and confident now, I grinned back. "Well coming from a professional that's praise indeed. He just grinned.

"So you want the full monty do you James?" He asked in his rather guttural Germanic tone.

"Yes Mike, please," I replied.

"Come on then let's get the show on the road," he said turning and heading out of the studio and into the bathroom. I noticed immediately that since my last visit he had added a shower cubicle for then I had showered in the bath, alone. He went to the shower and turned the taps on fiddling with them and testing the water until he was satisfied with the temperature.

"Ok James, that's fine," he said turning to face me with a small grin on his face. "Better undress then hadn't we?"

As he said that the enormity of what we, well I really, was about to do hit me. That scared me a little, but the idea of undressing in front of him excited me. It was not until I had been to the gay sauna a few times and had removed my towel before entering the jacuzzi or slipping into the pool as others watched me that I realised my streak of exhibitionism. I had those feelings now as under his watchful gaze I removed my sweater, shirt, chinos, socks, shoes and lastly my boxers. I was half erect as he ran his gaze up and down me and that hardened me even more.

"Mmmmm very nice James," he said making no effort to undress as he added. "Just stand there and let me look at you.

'How the fuck can he know that I like flaunting my body,' I thought as he walked behind me? 

"Yes nice, very nice," he muttered running his fingers across my buttocks. "You gave a great bum James."

That, of course, got me even harder and my erection was completed when he walked back round in front of me and I saw that he had removed his tee shirt. He had a great physique. Looking me in the eye, he pushed his track trousers down; he hadn't bothered with underwear and his gorgeous, thick dick seemed to leap out at me.

"Ok?" He asked stroking.

"Mmmm yes Mike, very ok."

"Come on then."

We got in the shower and he soaped me all over lingering on my breasts, my stomach, my cock and balls and then my arse.

"You have a great body James and a delicious cock," he whispered pulling me against him. My erection pressed into the softness of his stomach and not, I realised feeling rather disappointed, against his cock; that was still as good as flaccid. His hand found mine and that gave me the confidence to hold his, it felt lovely.

"That's nice," he said slowly pushing his cock against my hand.

We finished the shower and he dried me with a large dark blue towel that he wrapped round my waist before drying himself. He didn't wrap a towel round his body and remained beautifully naked as he walked me into the studio. Again I felt a little disappointed for I had expected him to take me to bed as he had mentioned.

"On your front James," he said nodding at the massage table. 

He poured a liberal amount of warm oil onto my back, positioned my arms above my head and pulled my legs open. I knew that he would be able to see my arse and my balls hanging down between my legs. I liked that feeling. 

When he started massaging me, however, I was rather surprised. Instead of the soft, almost caressing tantalisation I had imagined he would employ, he gave me a deep tissue, strong almost medical massage. Several times it made me grunt and gasp and not with sexual titillation either. He did this on my back, shoulders and legs and by the time he was nearly finishing those my erection had pretty much subsided. 

Resting his hand lightly on the back of my lag a few inches down from my bum he said.

"Ok let's do the front now."

As he said that and as I went to move so he slid his hand up my leg, gently stroked my balls and ran his fingernail along my perineum. That also made me gasp, but not with pain this time! That though and exposing myself to him as I lay on my back made my erection recover. As he pulled my ankles further open and I looked at him and saw that he was ogling my growing dick my hard on was complete. Giving me hope that the massage was going to turn fully sexual he ran his fingertips along the length of my cock. I looked at his and felt great when I saw that it was at half-mast. The other time I had been here he had let me suck it so I guessed that I was on pretty safe ground when I reached out and took hold of it. He let me hold it for a while, but then he pulled my hand off and placed my arms alongside my body. he poured more oil on me and then spent a good ten minutes or so giving my body a vigorous work out. Finishing by massaging my feet and then my hands that I found very arousing indeed he said.

"Ok James," as he again rested his fingertips on my erection

"Mmm lovely," I replied reaching out for him. 

Again he let me indulge myself with his now semi-erect thick cock before removing my hand and saying.

"Time for another shower James, this time alone."

He walked me to the bathroom and turned on the shower. "Ok when you are finished come into the bedroom opposite, it's time for fun."

I showered quite quickly as I urgently wanted the 'fun' that he had promised. Naked, clean and erect I dried myself and wandered into the bedroom. Mike looked magnificent. Laying on his front on the bed he had his hands behind his head his legs were widely spread. As he said.

"All yours James," my heart missed a beat and my cock twitched at both the erotic sight he presented and his words that he added to by saying. "Massage me, no need for oil though as I prefer fingertips."

I had often massaged Kelly and on several occasions had done that to masseuses at massage parlours. I had even performed a rather rudimentary and perfunctory massage on a guy at the sauna. This though was different. I sort of knew Mike, he was familiar, he had massaged me and jerked me off before and today we had played with each other's cocks. And of course, on top of all that we were soon to be lovers, we would shortly have sex and yes within a short time he was going to fuck me. So when I softly massaged firstly his back, neck and shoulders then moved onto the cheeks of his bum and up and down his legs there was no pretence that this was anything other than a prelude to sex. He knew and I knew and that was how I massaged him, softly, lingeringly, teasingly and erotically. Light touches, smooth runs of my fingers, soft strokes and suggestive caresses. They were on his upper legs, his inner thighs going ever nearer to his heavy balls hanging down between his legs. Replicating the moves that countless masseuses, Kelly, Mike and one other male masseur had done to me I edged ever closer to them until on one move my fingers brushed against them. The grunt and the jerking of his bum were lovely rewards. I felt relieved of any restrictions now and leaning forward I eased my hand under him and upwards along his cock that I realised with incredible excitement was fully erect.

"Mmmm that's beautiful James," he sighed rolling over and thrilling me even more by exposing his full erection to me and grabbing my cock at the same time. Looking up at me and holding my gaze he very pointedly licked the entire length of my cock as his hand cradled my balls and rolled them around. God it was awesome.

"May I?" He asked slipping the tip of my cock into his mouth.

"Oh yes please," I groaned as the familiar feelings of my cock sinking into a mouth engulfed me. I closed my eyes and held his head as that bobbed up and down taking me deeply in and then almost out. He was superb. I had always thought that Kelly was fucking brilliant but what Mike was doing to me was taking a blow job up to an entirely different level.

"Don't cum James," he told me taking it for a while.

"I won't, but you will take me near." He smiled. "You've got even bigger thrills yet baby."

As he said that he took me out of his mouth and laid on his back. Taking his cock in his hand he pulled it away from his body and looking at me said. 

"All yours James."

I was no longer a newcomer to cocksucking, but this was also on a different level to those I had gobbled at the saunas. As he stroked my head and reached down my back and rubbed my hips and buttocks so I took his cock from him and also held it at pretty much right angles to his body. I licked its length then its very tip before sliding my tongue all the way down and onto his scrotum. Sucking first one, then the other and then both of his balls into my mouth I slowly wanked him and revelled in the low moans and sighs that came from his mouth.

"Oh James you are such a natural," he groaned softly smacking my bum.

I took him in my mouth again and as near as I could deep throated him until I felt his hips moving in time with my rhythm as he began to fuck my face. He then thrilled by muttering.

"Actually babe you had better stop as we might have an accident and that would never do." 

Quickly he brought me down to earth, though, by adding. "I have another appointment in an hour."

I removed him from my mouth and let him pull me onto my back alongside him. We kissed and stroked each other's cocks.

"Are you ready James?"

"Yes Mike, yes I am."

"Are you sure?" He asked reaching over to the bedside table and picking some lube.

"Yes I am."

"You want to be fucked don't you?"

"Yes I do," I replied as I watched him slide a condom on and put some lube on that.

"How long have you wanted it?"

Quickly thinking back to the increasingly 'daring' bi experiences I had undertaken during the past four or five years I replied. "On and off for a few years, but increasingly during the last year or so."

"Done much with guys?" He asked rolling onto his left side facing me lying on my back. He ran his hand over my chest and edged it downwards.

"Been to Chariots a few time, done lots of hand relief, some oral."

"Both ways?"

"Yes."

"Any preference?"

"No I like both and by the way Mike," I said looking at him and running my hand over his head. "You were fucking brilliant."

Smiling he replied. "We try James, we try as he leaned forward, kissed me and took hold of my cock. "Have I told you what a lovely dick you have?"

"I think you may have mentioned it yes. Oh and by the way I have also been to very randy and beautifully well-developed masseur a couple of times."

"Not the one who you sucked you the first time and who jerked you off," he said slowly wanking my cock.

"Yes I believe he did," I replied as his fingers slid past my balls, across my perineum and into the crease of bum.

"The one who let you suck his thick cock was it?"

"Yes that's him," I said softly as I felt his finger pressing against my anus.

"You mean the one James, who is going to use that fat dick to take your arsehole virginity from you don't you?" He went on pressing right on it and easing his finger inside me.

"Mmmm that's him."

"And just how would you like that lovely masseur to fuck you."

I hadn't thought about that. "What you mean what position?"

"Yes exactly."

I looked at him feeling a little embarrassed as I muttered. "What do you prefer, how would you like to fuck me?"

"Just like this," he said pushing me onto my back. Lying beside me, he took hold of my right leg and pulled that up until the front of it was pressed against my chest. He paused holding it like that for a moment or two and then pushed it right against my hole. 

"Ready?"

"Yes Mike," I said feeling slightly scared but enormously excited.

I felt him pressing the end of it against my bum hole slowly opening the sphincter wider and wider as the fullest part of his cock went in. That made me wince.

"Ok James?" He asked stopping. 

The pain was short lived and my bottom recovered quickly. "Yes it's fine."

Once more he pushed again I had that amazing feeling as a cock invaded my arse. It really was a sensation that I cannot describe or had ever experienced before. Slowly, almost inexorably Mike pushed himself up me until I knew that his thick cock was in me to the hilt. I was full and then I was fucked.

Holding my dick that was rampantly straight right up my stomach he started to move. Not violently, not particularly forcefully and not that fast. Just steady and rhythmical. In, out; in and nearly out deep then shallow. My arse felt alive and every sinew of my body seemed to react and tingle. At first I hardly realised that as Mike was fucking me he was also wanking me. As he slowly and methodically delved his gorgeous cock deep into the bowels of my arse so with a similar pace he rubbed my dick. It was absolutely gorgeous.

"Nice James?" He asked leaning over me and somehow getting his face close to mine. I lifted up my head and offered my mouth to him. Our kiss was deep and lingering.

"Oh yes Mike it is."
