 “Man, why are we watching this?” I shifted uncomfortably in my seat, reaching down to readjust myself as my cock stiffened slightly. On the TV, a brunette and redhead were kissing each other between sliding their lips along a long cock as a blonde hiked her dress and sat on the face of the gentleman that owned the tool being so cared for. I was envious as hell and getting hornier by the second.

Keith ignored my question; eyes locked on the screen as he took a swig from the bottle of whiskey and passed it to me without turning away. I reached out to where he held it, far from where I was and snatched it. 

“Damn, that is so fucking awesome!” Keith said with what sounded like longing. “Two chicks sucking your dick while you eat out another one—that’s heaven.” Crouched on his knees before my television, he loosely held the VCR remote in one hand and rubbed his bulging crotch through his jeans with the other. No shame on his part, but it wasn’t the first time he’d done it in front of me.

I took a long gulp from the bottle, which was nearing emptiness. I had a very strong buzz bordering on full drunk, but it felt good. I hadn’t drunk like this, especially not with Keith, in some time. Guess that’s what happens when you get older and more responsible. All the fun stuff you used to do regularly gets pushed to the side and more infrequent. We were both off work tomorrow and decided to get drunk and stay up late tonight. I should have known he’d want to watch porn, but I didn’t think about how horny I was, or would get when I got good and sloshed. My girlfriend Sheila was out of state, attending a month-long training seminar to complete her medical degree, which was great for her and very exciting, but when your relationship is still relatively new (only about six months) and the sex is the best you’ve ever had and still going strong, a month is a very long time to be apart. Tonight, with only a week gone, it seemed like forever.

In the porno, the blowjob was progressing wonderfully, the girls trading the amazingly stiff cock back and forth with relish, taking it deep and licking and sucking hard and fast. As one pushed her lips slowly down the shaft, she opened her eyes and gazed at the other where she laid her head on the guy’s hip. Their eyes met in what felt (for a porn) like a very sexy, tender moment of lust and passion. Or that could have just been the alcohol fogging my mind. Whatever it was, I was officially horny as hell and my hardened rod required me to reposition again to sit with my legs spread and leaning back on my couch.

The blowjob on screen ended abruptly, switching to the same foursome now in new positions. The guy was fucking the redhead on a bench (the whole scene took place outdoors) while the blonde and brunette kissed and touched one another. Keith stopped rubbing himself and gestured with the remote. 

“Dammit, I wanted to see more of the blowjob. I’m rewinding it.” The image jerked and began speeding backwards as the two girls continued their sucking in reverse at high speed. “Sorry, man, that’s just too good not to watch again.” He looked back at me, and his eyes widened a bit. “I guess you were enjoying it, too.”

It took me a moment to realize he was looking between my legs. I had changed into some sweat pants and a t-shirt when we got to my apartment and the pants did nothing to hide the erection straining the fabric. I should have been embarrassed, but I only looked at it and smiled back at Keith. 

“Yeah, well, it was pretty fucking hot,” I replied. 

“That’s okay, dude, I’ve got a boner, too.” I laughed when he gestured to his own; as though it was the first time he’d even noticed it. Keith was always a funny, silly drunk, never realizing how idiotic he could sound. He fell silent as he checked to see where the tape was, playing it again, realizing he’d gone too far back to the previous scene and fast-forwarding again. 

“You know…”he started, and then quieted for a second, before finally seeming to gather the courage and mentally say what the fuck? “We could help each other out with this.”

“What?” I responded, feigning shock, though I suppose I wasn’t.

Keith cued the tape to the right spot, and then paused it before looking at me again. “Oh, come on, man, don’t act all shocked. It’s not like we never sucked each other off in college.”

“Yeah,” I said, “that was years ago. We didn’t have girlfriends. Hell, I’d never even been laid, yet. We got drunk, got horny and got experimental.” Okay, I’ll be honest; I was just going through some motions at this point. His comment and the flood of memories it brought made my cock twitch and swell even more somehow. I was horny as hell and I wanted it taken care of by someone besides myself.

“Yeah, well, not much is different at the moment. I’m between girls, yours is out of town for three more weeks. We’re drunk, we’re horny and we know we can safely experiment with each other.” I didn’t respond. Some lame, guy bullshit part of my brain says that readily agreeing to the desire to have sex with your best male friend is the same thing as admitted to the world that you are completely gay. 

The truth is I wouldn’t even consider myself gay, or really bisexual. Guys didn’t interest me on a sexual or attraction level. I would never see a guy somewhere and think that I wanted to have sex with him. I couldn’t fall in love with a man. In fact, I’d never really desired to mess around with any besides Keith. We’d been friends since junior high school. Both of us had grown up geeky and shy. While I was more comfortable with girls, he was better looking and actually started dating before me. But he’d never allowed his girlfriends to become more important than our friendship. He dropped out of college shortly into his first year, but still hung out with me quite often. When we turned 21 in the same month, we bar-hopped together all summer. One night, we both were in the same place we were tonight—drunk, horny, watching porn, no girls around. Though I suppose we both must have been curious about being with a guy to do what we did, I never really thought it could happen. It did, and, thankfully, neither of us regretted or resented it. We stayed friends, perhaps closer than ever, and the experience repeated itself on several occasions, even after he’d started dating someone. When I did, though, an unofficial and unannounced halt was called to it. Now, the opportunity was here, and we both wanted it. I was just too chicken to say so.

When I hadn’t responded, Keith just shrugged. “Well, you don’t mind if I jerk off, do you? I need some relief now.”

“Nothing I haven’t seen before,” I said, glad that he wasn’t upset at my hesitance. I tossed him a box of tissues. “Just don’t get it on anything.”

“You got it, dude.” He pressed play and looked absolutely giddy as the double blowjob started again. It was only seconds before he had his belt unbuckled, fly open wide and was pulling out his thin, hard rod. Keith moaned softly to himself as he stroked.

Seeing this, I knew I needed to attend to myself as well. Keith always seemed to expose himself first, which gave me full clearance to do so. I pushed down the front of my sweat pants and underwear and let my own raging hard on pop free, grasping it in my cool hand and feeling the heat of it as I squeezed and rubbed and pumped it in my fist.

I listened to Keith moan and groan for a moment as we watched that very sexy scene again. Eventually, my eyes were only on him as he masturbated before me. I wanted to taste his cock again. I wanted to make him come for me. Nothing else mattered right then.

While Keith was lost in himself, I pulled off my clothes quickly and slid off the couch, making my way to him a few feet away, feeling my dick hard and swaying between my legs, so sure of what I wanted to do with my friend again. My hand touched his thigh, he turned to me, surveyed my nakedness, looked into my eyes and saw what I wanted and offered his cock to me, holding it around the base and pointing it my way. I pounced, pushing down and opening my mouth to take him in, closing my lips a little below the sleek head and wrapping them firmly around his shaft. Keith let out a gasp and moaned loudly. We were both in heaven.

I can’t explain what it is that I love about sucking cock—why it is I can’t find anything else sexually appealing about a man, but having a hard, smooth penis in my mouth just feels incredible. Maybe it was just a feeling I enjoyed with Keith. Maybe I’d find blowing another guy repulsive. But servicing my best friend, hearing him moan and beg for me to do this, feeling him get harder in my mouth, his hands rubbing my head, making him come in my mouth and thank me for the experience—it was one of the best feelings I’d ever known. A different experience from the pleasure I enjoyed giving and receiving with women. Maybe it was the taboo element of it. When I was doing it, I didn’t care. 

I began to bathe Keith’s head with my tongue, swirling it all over, covering it in spit. I licked slow circles around the edge of the crown, making his whole cock twitch and his body shiver as he sighed with pleasure and placed one hand on my head, caressing my hair while his other hand slid over my back, shoulder and arm. I flicked the tip of my tongue up and down the cleft of his cockhead and twisted it gently at the hole. I reached up a hand to grasp his shaft just above his balls and slowly stroked. I was rewarded with a jewel of precum. I pulled my mouth away, but kept my tongue there and drew the drop from the tip slowly. 

“Oh, yeah,” Keith groaned. “You like tasting my cum, don’t you?” I sucked the droplet into my mouth, looked up at him and nodded. 

“You know I do,” I replied. I tugged his pole in my fist for a moment. “Why don’t we move this to the bedroom, buddy? Get more comfortable, get you naked and suck each other dicks as long as we want?”

Keith smiled with lust. I stood up before him and started to turn away, but he stopped me, placing his hands on my thighs. I gazed down at my oldest friend as he raised his eyes to look up my body, past my swollen cock and grinned at me, before refocusing on something else. Rising on his knees, he quickly and hungrily placed his hand on my rod and licked the underside from the base all the way up the up to the head, before teasing it with his tongue. When he kissed the bulbous purple head of my cock, I felt weak in the knees. 

Keith had always been fascinated with my cock much like I had been with his because we had two very different organs. His is long, sleek, thin, and almost bullet-like with a slight curve. Mine was a half inch or so shorter, but much thicker and I had a much larger head that swells unexpectedly when fully aroused. 

Keith sucked the head quickly between his lips, licking it and slipping his lips around the edge. I cursed and urged him to take more. He did, slowly, teasingly pushing his lips further and further. It wasn’t long before he had taken my entire, throbbing length into his mouth, holding it there and sliding his tongue about the shaft. 

I breathed deeply and tried to maintain some control over my raging emotions and excitement. I didn’t want to come so soon, so early in our play. I wanted to enjoy Keith’s careful attentions and, more importantly, I wanted to attend to him. In our past encounters, I had always been more interested in pleasuring him than getting anything for myself, though he’d never failed to offer and return the favors. Tonight, though, I wanted the full experience with my friend, and I know he felt the same.

Keith’s lips began to slide up and down me, stopping at my head before moving back down to the base. The feeling was incredible and I moaned my approval. “Oh, fuck, Keith, that’s…that feels amazing.” 

In response, he started bobbing faster and harder. I gripped his shoulders and literally growled as his tongue tweaked my dickhead furiously at one point. My whole body involuntarily shuddered and I nearly lost my balance, but Keith’s hands, which had been caressing up and down my legs reached up to my ass to hold me steady. He pulled his mouth away and looked up at me.

“Liked that, didn’t you?” He licked his lips and impulsively kissed the tip of my staff. I nodded quietly and smiled at my friend, excited and still shivering slightly. “You know,” he went on, “I don’t remember enjoying sucking your dick so much, but I can’t get enough of it right now.” He sucked it a few more, quick times before standing up abruptly. “Let’s go to the bedroom.”

I followed my erection as he walked ahead of me, stripping off his shirt. Once in my bedroom, he flipped on the somewhat dim lamp and removed his pants and boxers. Turning to me in all his naked glory (and I’ll admit, though male nudity is not what turns me on, Keith is a good looking guy in good shape), I gazed at his penis, hard, pointed and, I was certain, aching for my touch. I nearly dropped back to my knees to devour him, but he stepped close to me and brought our cocks together, wrapping a hand around both and stroking them in tandem. He felt so hot against me, so perfect. Precum now oozed from both of us and his thumb swirled it across our tips, slick and warm.

“God,” he breathed, “I can’t believe we’re doing this again. It’s been too long.” I only nodded, unable to speak as each smooth jerk of our dicks against one another clouded my mind with pleasure. Keith had never been this slow and sensual before, preferring usually to suck and get sucked and be on our merry ways. Not that I was upset with this. Unexpected, but not unpleasant. It only increased my aching desire for my friend. My eyes were half closed, my hips grinding with the mutual masturbation when I felt Keith’s other hand traveling up my back to my neck and the back of my head. I focused my eyes to see him leaning in to me, his eyes closing, lips pursed. 

Without hesitation (which amazed me in later retrospect), we kissed deeply. Kissing a guy is certainly different from a woman. Rougher, less subtle. Keith’s goatee scratched the skin around my own stubble. Our tongues stabbed at one another as our bodies, hot and sweaty, melded together. Our hands ran across our skin, tracing muscles on our backs. My fingertips dug into his ass and pulled our torsos tightly together, our powerful poles side by side. 

Still kissing and touching, we made our way onto my bed. When we were lying side by side, we broke the kiss. Keith growled in his throat at me and kissed my neck and chest before suckling and gently biting my nipple. I let out a sudden yell and grasped his head in my hands, combing my fingers in his short, brown hair. I felt his fingers wrap around me again and I knew that we needed to finish this. I was so turned on and felt close to coming. I wanted to share it with him.

“Keith…” He didn’t really respond, just stroked me and kissed my stomach. “I want to suck your cock while you suck me. I want us to come together.” He still quietly teased me, his tongue dipping at my belly button and his fingers massaging my sack. “Please, Keith…”

In silence, he shifted on the bed, bringing his lower body up to my end. I reached frantically for him, pulling that wonderful piece of meat to my face. It was oozing precum now and I then knew that he was just as excited for completion as I was. I gripped him at the base and swallowed him, moaning on his cock as the head trailed salty-sweet liquid across my tongue.

Seconds later, Keith’s mouth took me in deep, his tongue swirling madly all over my shaft and head, even lapping at my sack from time to time. After a few frenzied moments, we settled into a head bobbing, sucking rhythm. The only sounds in the room were our slurping mouths punctuated by occasional moans. I’m not a man of extensive sexual history, but right then I was having one of the greatest intimate experiences of my life.

As my lips slid up and down on him, the feeling of his warm hardness in my mouth, drawing precum from him on each upstroke, I began to feel myself approaching the edge of orgasm. The thrill of suckling my best friend combined with the sensations of him doing likewise for me was becoming too much to ignore. I sensed Keith getting close, too, as his cock shuddered around my tongue and he began lightly thrusting into me as I bobbed down. Lost in the moment, I was face fucking him, too.

I don’t know how long we’d been at it when I felt the first spurt of cum erupt from the tip of Keith’s wonderful cock. In the past, he’d always been light on cum, but tonight he was gushing. I didn’t swallow in case I might gag and I didn’t want his dick out of my mouth until he was done. His hot cream was delicious. 

At the fourth shot of his cock, I felt my own twitch. My head was swimming and my whole body felt on fire with intense pleasure. Moments later, all that pleasure centered in my groin as I felt myself burst into Keith’s mouth. He groaned as his own cock shot again and clamped his lips just below my head, sucking cum from me, his tongue rubbing the head, milking it for more. 

Once again, I was unsure of how much time passed as we came down from our orgasmic highs. I finally swallowed Keith’s cum and proceeded to lap his cock clean as it began shrinking. He returned the service. Finally, we pulled apart and Keith crawled up beside me, laying back and panting. 

“Wow,” he said.

“Wow,” I replied. We laughed. I leaned over and kissed him lightly. A part of me feared he might suddenly reject what we just did, but he hugged me tightly. Sleep found us suddenly and soundly. Things had changed. We were no longer buddies helping each other out of sexual frustration. We were lovers. And I already had one. But for that night, and several successive ones, it was just us. The complications would be dealt with later.