 [Note: This story is an expansion and development of a story I came across a very long time ago on the web. I do not know the name/pseudonym of that author, but I want to acknowledge his or her role. That version of the story was very short and, IMHO, underdeveloped, but the basic idea stuck with me and planted the seed for this expanded version. -- Cyanlot] 

*

I knew they would get their revenge sometime. It began to torment me as I wondered when and how. The longer they waited, the more worried I was. I had no idea what form it would take or when it would come, but I knew one thing: they weren't going to forgive and forget.

Then, one morning, I awoke to find myself being handcuffed. By the time I was awake enough to realize what was happening and resist, it was too late. I don't know how they got in my apartment or what they were going to do, but I knew that the time had finally come. 

Connie and Denise would have been no match for me normally—indeed, they were no match when I provoked this bid for revenge—but I was handcuffed now and there was little point in resisting. Besides, if I managed to get away now, they would just try again. They weren't going to let me escape their revenge. Still, had I known what they had in mind, I would have tried harder. When I got a chance to look around, I saw it would have been no use anyway. They had their friend, Buck, with them to ensure compliance.

The two girls seemed very pleased with themselves; their plan had worked so far. They put a hood over my eyes and led me down the hall to the bathroom. I felt my underwear being pulled down and only when my cock slapped against my stomach did I realize how hard I was. Whatever fear I was feeling didn't interfere with excitement, indeed it seemed to intensify it. They pressed me into the shower and I was almost scalded by steaming hot water. I felt my body being soaped all over by four deceptively delicate hands (an altogether pleasurable sensation). Too soon, I was pulled from the shower, still covered with soap and I felt two razors beginning to strip my body of its abundant hair. They were doing a thorough job: beginning at the tops of my feet and working up my ankles, calves and thighs. I hoped they would leave my pubic hair. Shaving the rest of my body would keep me from going to the pool or gym for months, and this seemed like revenge enough—to me, but not to them I would soon find out. They didn't stop at my thighs; they didn't stop until my neck. Every hair from my neck down was gone: from my back, my arms, my chest, my legs, my crotch and even from around my asshole. The hair on my balls presented a special problem for the razors, so they plucked them. It hurt like hell (a fact that they didn't seem to mind), and given the alternative of two angry women with razors around my balls, I decided that it was all right with me. Twenty minutes later I was as smooth as a 12 year old girl.

This was really enough punishment, I thought. And I said so. It would be very embarrassing to me: I couldn't go to the gym or the pool and dating would have to be "platonic". They told me to shut up or things would go very badly for me. My punishment was only beginning and cooperation would make it a lot easier.

I was taken to the living room and pushed to my knees, my hands still cuffed behind my back. Walking and being touched were very strange experiences when my body was suddenly denuded of its hair. It felt, actually, quite sensual. There was a delay and some talk that I couldn't overhear, but soon the hood was taken from my eyes. 

Buck, who is rather big and a classic blond hunk, was standing before me naked. His cock was starting to get angry, and it wasn't aiming in the direction of the girls.

"Perhaps you didn't know it, dear boy," Denise said with mock gentleness, "but Buck is gay. We thought we'd give you a dose of your own medicine. And we think that Buck is the one to do it. He thinks you're kind of cute, so he agreed."

My head was spinning. Buck? . . . Gay? . . . Jesus! Who would have thought it. He looked as straight as they came (in two senses, right now) and he could have had any woman he wanted. Apparently, he didn't want any woman. Apparently, he wanted me. Very apparently.

"So, here's the deal," Connie continued where Denise had left off. "You give Buck a terrific blow job . . . make it good . . . make it look like you really like it . . . like you really want him, or we hold you down and you feel what it's like to take it up your sweet, little, virgin, hairless ass."

I took a look at Buck's hardening cock. One thing was for sure, I didn't want that thing splitting my ass cheeks. I didn't exactly want it in my mouth, either, but that seemed the better course. I engaged in some heartfelt protests and whining to see whether I could get out of it, but the girls were resolved; they were in no mood to relent. I agreed to suck Buck off.

"Remember, sweet cheeks. Make it good . . . make it look like you like it. And one more thing, remember to swallow." Connie smiled at the last reminder and went on to inform me, "We're the only judges about how well you do and it's never too late for us to change our mind about which door we want Buck to use. Buck says it doesn't matter to him." 

Like I said, between the two alternatives, it did matter to me, so I nodded, resigned to my fate. Denise unfastened the cuffs, telling me that I could do "ever so much better" if I could use my hands to fondle and caress him. The instructions were pretty clear.

I reached up to his hard pole. (Apparently just the talk and anticipation was enough to get him fully aroused.) It was large enough that I didn't know how much I could get in my mouth. I silently complimented myself on my decision to keep this thing away from my asshole. As I touched him, he moved closer until just the head of his cock was between my lips.

Well, I'd had blow jobs before. I knew what felt good. I could do this. While it was clearly too much for the girls to do for their revenge, I could do it and it would be over with. Then I could begin planning my retaliation for this indignity.

Buck put his hands on the side of my head and I soon learned how much of his cock I could get into my mouth without choking. (Not much.) He forced hard, and I learned how much of his cock I could get in my mouth with choking. (All of it. Well, if you count about half my throat as part of my mouth.) I tried to pull away, but Buck was insistent and Denise whispered from the sidelines that I wasn't looking like I was enjoying myself. Well, damnit, I wasn't—not one bit. But the thought of Buck slamming that shaft into my ass made my asshole clench in revolt and I decided to try to do a better job of acting.

I put my hands on his buttocks, pulling him to me instead of trying to push him away. And I sucked, really sucked hard, on his cock, pulling my cheeks in until it hurt and bobbing back and forth on his cock. He let my head go and allowed me to do the work and I moved on and off of him in long slow strokes. Sliding one hand around, I cradled his balls in my hand and felt them pulling up to his groin. It was interesting to think that I was holding his most vulnerable part in my hand—that I could, with almost no effort, cause him excruciating pain. I dwelled on the thought for only a second until I visualized what would happen to me if I acted on it. Then, I slid my hand to the base of his cock, making it look to all the world—well, at least to Connie and Denise, which was the only part of the world that mattered right now—like I was enjoying jacking him off into my mouth, like I wanted to feel his cock with my hand as well as with my mouth. Well, in a sense, I did. It kept about an inch or two of that monster out of my throat.

My jaw was killing me. I wondered how the girls who had sucked me off had managed to keep doing it as long as they had. (Of course, I had to admit to myself that their jaws weren't stretched as wide as mine now was.) I had to give it a break so I began licking his cock from base to tip. I started at the top and licked each side and the bottom, spending extra time on the bottom, much to Buck's pleasure. Then, when I thought my jaw could stand it again, I took him in my mouth once more and began to work hard on ending this thing. I was jacking him off with my hand and sucking every bit as hard with my mouth. I was bobbing my head so fast I was getting a headache. And, when Buck seemed to want to, I let him push my lips all the way to his pubic bone while his cock rammed my throat open. By the way he was breathing and clenching his leg muscles, I thought I was getting him close. I prepared for the inevitable, but was suddenly distracted.

"Look up at him adoringly," Denise, self-appointed stage manager for this charade, whispered from the sidelines.

I looked up at him adoringly. 

"Stop and tell him that you want him to shoot his hot cum in your mouth, to fill you with his sticky cream," Denise said, sotto voce.

"I want you to shoot your hot cum into my mouth, to fill me with your sticky cream," I repeated obediently.

"Now tell him that you love him and you love his cock. Tell him you've never been so excited in your life and that you are his cock slave."

Jesus Christ! This was getting a bit thick. I hesitated, but when Denise whispered, "How'd you like to feel that thing sliding in and out of your ass?" instead of answering her, I looked up at Buck adoringly and said, "I love you, Buck. I love your cock. I've never been so excited in my life. All I ever want to be is your cock slave, Buck."

Now Buck knew that I was just repeating the mandatory script, but he seemed to like it a lot. His eyes were glazed over as he looked down on me.

"Now go for it. Swallow it all, except leave a little bit to drip down from your lips onto your chin. And, remember: smile—you're loving every minute."

I pumped him hard again and sucked, trying to end this so I could close my mouth and give my jaw a rest. How bad could it be? I'd had lots of girls do it to me.

Buck was close again. Indeed, Buck was bucking—uncontrollably—and moaning. With the hand wrapped around the base of his cock, I felt his load begin spurting along his shaft toward my mouth. I thought I was ready, but it was all I could do to keep from gagging even before my mouth was flooded by his hot, sticky cum. When my mouth filled, and I swallowed only to find it filled again. I started to gag. I quickly suppressed it enough to swallow all but a little bit which I held on my tongue as Buck pulled out of my mouth. This little bit, I let drip from my lips onto my chin, as instructed. 

"That's very good," said Connie. She hadn't spoken throughout the entire episode and I instinctively looked in her direction.

I was aghast, appalled, ashamed. She had a video camera and had obviously recorded the entire thing. Now, she was zooming in on the cum on my face. That was embarrassing. But when she panned down to my crotch, I realized that I was unwittingly stroking my very erect cock. I was humiliated.

Then Connie blurted out so it would surely be on the video, "Look at that rock-hard little dick. He loves sucking cock."

With that, but only with that, my hardon wilted and I stopped stroking myself.

Reminding me that it wouldn't take Buck too long to recharge his batteries for a back door assault should that become necessary, they took me quietly back to the bedroom where they opened a suitcase they had brought along. They started taping again as they began removing clothing from the suitcase and dressing me in it: first a padded bra and very tight undies that would hold my cock down flat no matter what happened, then a tight skirt and sweater, thigh high fishnet stockings, and high heels. I watched in the mirror as Connie applied heavy makeup to my face. Gradually, and quite remarkably, my features were softened and soon I looked like a fairly attractive, though extremely sleazy, woman. I was thin enough to get away with it. (Get away with it?!) The finishing touch was a long blond wig.

"There," commented Connie, "pretty as a picture."

The camera went off at this point and I dared to hope that the humiliation was over. Denise disabused me of that belief. She warned me that if I was disobedient in any way, my manager at work and my friends like Rich and Mike and Jim would receive copies of the video of me doing Buck so well. 

I really had little choice. I was quite sure that Denise's prompting wouldn't be audible on the video, while my repeating the words to Buck would be. There was no sign of coercion recorded. Anyone who saw it would believe that I sucked him off for my own pleasure, that I wanted it, that I loved the feeling of his cock in my mouth, his cum on my tongue. Besides, even if people knew I was forced to do it, I would never live it down. 

So I resigned myself to whatever fate the girls had in store for me, but I didn't realize how dangerous and humiliating it would be. I got a suggestion that I wouldn't like it when they led me outside to their van. Now, it's one thing to be dressed like a woman—a whore, really—inside. It's quite another to go outside dressed like that. The girls persuaded me that I looked so convincing that no one would suspect it was me. On the way to the van, they gave me some lessons on walking to make me a little more convincing. I gladly accepted their advice figuring now that my only chance for not being found out was to make myself as inconspicuous as I could dressed like a cheap hooker. Maybe if no one looked at my face long enough, I wouldn't be recognized.

In the van, they worked on my voice. I tried falsetto and husky, but nothing sounded convincing. Denise said that I should just keep my mouth closed but quickly corrected herself to say I should just not say anything. Buck and Connie thought Denise's little joke was the funniest thing they had ever heard.

When we got out of the van, I began to get really nervous—the kind of "nervous" that you feel in your gut and in your balls. We were in the parking lot of my best friend's apartment and I was pretty sure we were headed to Rich's place. I balked for a second, but Denise just pointed to the video camera in her purse and I walked along without further complaint, trying to keep my balance. 

Inside, my friends Mike and Jim were sitting around watching TV with Rich. Denise introduced me as Cherry, and to my surprise my friends, who knew me better than anyone else in the world did (though not as well as they would when the day was over), didn't seem to recognize me. Denise told them that I was a friend of Buck's who had decided to start turning tricks to earn a little money and that I needed to practice my blowjobs. She wondered if they would be willing to do a little free instruction to help me turn pro.

Now, this was clearly the most ridiculous story one could imagine. But my three friends, smart guys all, seemed to accept it at face value—such is the power of the penis compared to the brain. Anyway, they didn't need to confer before agreeing. They needed to confer about who was going to go first and whether it would be in private or together. Somehow they decided on the order and Connie convinced them to do it together so that everyone could watch and comment on the technique to help "Cherry" improve. I was so grateful.

I had no choice but to play this thing out. Video or no, any attempt to stop it now would be worse than going on with the ruse. At least I didn't have to act like I was good at it or even liked it. So, the next thing I knew I was sucking the cocks, fondling the balls and swallowing the cum of my three best friends. To tell the truth, there was something exciting about the deception, about seeing how they would act in this preposterous situation, about seeing this from the "woman's eye" point of view. And the woman's eye point of view was on my knees as, first Rich, (since it was his house, he argued) strode over to me and said, in what I'm sure he thought was a commanding voice, "Unzip my pants and take out my love shaft." I almost laughed out loud but, fearing that it would give me away, I kept a straight face and took out his "love shaft". It was rather small, I might mention. Certainly much smaller than I was used to (I joked to myself, comparing him to Buck). Still, as it swelled in my hand, I realized that it would fill my mouth as much as I wanted. 

Let's get this over with, I thought, as I dove into it, or (rather) let it dive into me. I pumped him right from the start and sucked hard to get this over with. He didn't try to get me to look at him or say anything to him. He just wanted to shoot his wad in my mouth and, strangely, that's what I wanted too, because this wasn't going to end until all three of them had done that. 

But Denise, God damn her anyway, interrupted, saying, "No, no, no, Cherry! You're going too fast. You have to tease him. You have to make him wait for his orgasm, building up to it slowly so that when you finally let him cum in your mouth (She just couldn't resist reminding me of that.), he really explodes. And you have to make him think that you are enjoying it as much as he is."

So much for my plan of quickly sucking off my three friends and getting out of here. So I started to tease him and lick his cock and balls. Connie took her turn interrupting to tell me to suck his balls into my mouth. As I held one of his good-sized nuts in my mouth, I felt his balls boiling. I decided I had teased him enough and went back to his cock. When Denise tried to interrupt again, Rich (bless his heart) shut her up with a curt, and breathless, "Shut up! I'm about to cum."

And cum he did. For twenty or thirty seconds he pistoned in and out of my mouth pumping load after load of cum on my tongue. I swallowed as well as I could, but in the end I had to give up and pull off his cock; I felt the last shot hit me on my cheek. Being afraid that wiping it off would take off too much of my makeup and, so, reveal my identity, I touched it gently with my finger to lift it from my cheek and was getting ready to wipe it on the carpet when Connie said, "That's good. Now put your finger in your mouth and suck his cum from your finger. There's nothing a man likes better than to see a woman want his cum anyway she can get it."

So I put my finger to my lips and made a scene of sucking the last of his cum into my mouth. Rich said that I had done fine but he wanted me to lick his cock clean of any remaining cum and put it back where I found it. 

Okay, one down and two to go. It wasn't so bad really, and Rich sure acted like a fool. I was sorry I wouldn't be able to tease him about it later. I noticed then that Connie had the video going all this time. More blackmail material. It didn't really matter at this point, but it did remind me how much I didn't want my friends to find out.

Jim figured he was next and Mike didn't argue. It didn't matter to me, not that anyone cared what I thought anyway. I was hoping at that point that Connie and Denise had gotten tired of this giving directions shit and I could just suck Jim off and get this over with. Though as I said that to myself, I realized that I was very excited while I sucked Rich and held his balls in my hand. My own cock was trying to rise, unsuccessfully, against its bondage. And I was actually anxious to see Jim's cock and to find out how it would feel in my hand and in my mouth. The idea of having my friends' balls cupped in my hand, of holding their cocks in my mouth without their knowing, was tantalizing. I didn't figure I was turning into a cocksucker for real. There was just something about this scenario the girls had forced on me that made it exciting. I would never do this willingly.

Jim didn't have any cute things to say, but, like Rich, he expected me to take his cock out of his pants. I remembered, then, that I really like it when a girl does this to me, too. So, I unzipped his pants and pulled his cock out. To my surprise, he was uncut. I hadn't known that, though I had never known my friends quite like I was getting to know them now.
