 Okay all so here is a new story I'll be starting. I have the last chapter of Free at Last done and it should be up any day now. I promise I'll get the last chapter of Deep Waters done, eventually ;)

I suggest you read Wings of Gray before reading this one as it takes place in the same universe. This story happens about 13 years before Wings of Gray does. Right when the infection started and the hybrids were being forced into the camps. I have one story that will stand on it's own (Not a series) That I should be posting any day now. There will be one chapter of Deep Waters left and then that's all done. I'll work on this series and then I'll be starting another series around the second chapter of this one but I can't promise anything too soon, I'm getting busier and busier by the day. But I hope you guys are happy with this and future stories to come.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~



Mar walked in the single file line with his head down. Every now and then he would glance up out of the corner of his eye at the guards that stood between the lines. Three trucks awaited the lines of infected. The guards held cattle prods and if any of them stumbled or slowed they would be punished and made to move faster. When one truck was filled to the max they would drive off and another would replace it, the back of the truck open, a bench on each side. The benches were filled until there were no more spots, and then the infected were made to sit on the floor of the truck. Mar saw all kinds of people. If you could still call them that. Some didn't. He saw different breeds of dogs, cats, and birds. Creatures he didn't even know about. Some weren't identifiable. He saw a large man with fur covering his body, tiny round ears were placed on the top of his head and his hands were larger then Mar's head; he was a bear. A woman walked by with no shoes on, due to the hooves on her feet, she had large antlers on her head and her ears twitched with every sound. A small boy with beautiful gray wings and yellow eyes was in the line to Mar's right. Mar looked around and saw only misery around the infected faces. 

His tail twitched as he was about to climb into the truck. He jumped up into the truck and sat down next to a snake hybrid. He grabbed his tail and twisted it so it sat on his lap. He stroked it nervously and looked around as the half door to the military truck closed, and the truck drove towards the camps. 

"So you're a fox?" The snake hybrid next to him asked. He nodded and smiled, his orange bushy tail was always a give away.

"That's cool, I always liked foxes." The snake smiled nervously.

"I'm Mar, what's your name?"

"Phil." He held out a scaled hand. Mar shook it with his own furred paw. 

"Can you believe what they're doing? You think that the human race has come so far, but then something like this happens." Phil shook his head. 

"It's incredible. It's like over night they go back to an old way of thinking 'They're different then us, which means they can't be trusted.'" Mar shook his head and played with the end of his tail. 

"It's awful." Someone on the other side of the truck said. Mar looked up to see the young woman with antlers. 

"Isn't it kind of weird that you're a girl with antlers?" Phil asked, the deer woman glared at him.

"I know." She pouted. "It's karma I guess. I was a hunter, that's why I got this hybrid." She shrugged. 

"My grandmother lived with me, she wore fox shawls all the time. You can imagine her face when my tail sprouted." Some of the hybrids chuckled and the guard in the front of the truck banged the butt of his gun against the window.

"Quiet!" The rest of the ride was silent until they were forced out of the trucks, and into their new 'homes'.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Mar shared a room with nine other hybrids. They each got one bunk, with no mattress, no pillow, and one thin blanket. Some of them died that night, the camps could get almost to in the middle of the night, the ones with fur survived the best. The cold blooded ones had a harder time. Most of the ones with fur gave up their blankets to those who were scaled or submerged in water. Phil was one of the few reptiles who made it through the first night. Mar gave up his own thin blanket to the snake hybrid and it paid off. Many of the hybrids would share the bunks to keep body heat. They were in the process of working out a 'buddy system' when they were dragged outside. 

They were made to line up in the courtyard of the camp. Soon, guards piled up around them, keeping them in orderly lines. One man, who was clearly in charge, walked up in front of the group of confused hybrids. 

"I'm General Marx, and I'm in charge of you scum." He smiled, revealing a row of white teeth. Mar's tail swished back and forth nervously. 

"I see a lot of different species;" The General walked in front of them, "Mice, cats, dogs, birds, fish, snakes, lizards, primates..." He stopped in front of Mar. "Fox." He smiled and continued walking down the lines. "None of them. Not a single one, besides my soldiers and I, is human." He spit on the ground in front of a man who looked part Panda. 

"I'm here to make sure you all stay in line," The General continued rambling, "You will work eighteen hours a day." He turned around and walked down the lines again. "You will sleep six hours, wake up and work eighteen more hours." He smiled as he walked by Mar, "Except on Saturday. On Saturday's you will sleep four hours, work eighteen hours, and before you go to bed you will meet in that arena," He pointed towards a crudely dug pit surrounded by wooden spikes, "And two of you will fight. The ones chosen to fight will be chosen at random.... usually." He gave a wicked smile. "Now get to work." He spat. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

The camp was a quarry. Mar worked hard each day and when the eighteen hour shift was over it was hard not to collapse into bed. Many of the workers did, but Mar fought it. Many of the hybrids would use their skills, from when they were completely human, to start a new life in the camps. Some were teachers, some doctors or nurses, everyone had a job before they were hybrids and it didn't change anything when they grew a tail, or antlers, or scales. 

The smaller children would serve the guards and hybrids their food, and when they got done with that they would be schooled by those who weren't sleeping. The hybrids who used to be doctors were now doctors...again. They would tend to any wounds or medical problems the workers had, since the guards could care less. At least most of them. 

"Sir, I was wondering..." Mar stepped up to one of the guards.

"Get back to work." He spat.

"I'm done with my shift for the day, sir." The guard rolled his eyes and set his cup of coffee down.

"What then?" He asked.

"Some of the cold blooded hybrids are having troubles with the nights. If we could just get some more blankets-" 

"Everyone is issued one blanket, no exceptions." The guard said. 

"Yeah, I know. But the thing is that some of us have already given up our blankets or the reptiles won't make it through the night." Mar said, somehow over the month he had spent in the camp he had become a sort of spokesmen for the hybrid. He knew which guards were easier to talk to. Not all of them agreed with what was going on, but they still had to follow orders. 

"I'll see what I can do Mar, but it probably won't happen. Don't get your hopes up." The guard said, in a more compassionate voice. 

"Thank you." Mar smiled, showing his small sharp teeth. The guard grunted and returned to his coffee. 

"How did it go?" Rose asked, the woman who was a deer hybrid.

"He said he would do his best." Mar shrugged. She nodded and went back to sewing together clothes. She had used a piece of claw from one of the cat hybrids as a needle, and Mar had managed to convince one of the guards for thread. She spent her free time repairing torn clothing. 

"Where is Phil?" Mar asked.

"He's getting ready for tonight, he was chosen." She looked up at him. Mar shook his head, he didn't want to see another one of his friends fight. 

"FORWARD!" One of the guards shouted. Everyone immediately piled into the front room.

"These are the new guards who will be watching over you pests, everyone who was here before is being transferred to Alpha camp." The General said, and left. The old guards stood and went to go pack for their transfer. Rumors of the Alpha camp were common, it was a place where they experimented on hybrids. It was said to be worse than hell.

"Well this blows. I have to make new connections all over again." Mar sighed, he knew this meant he would be punished several times trying to find out who the good guys were. 

"Good luck with that." Rose stepped off to finish her sewing, her hooves echoing on the concrete floor. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

"Captain." The General walked up to the leader of the new soldiers.

"Yes, sir?" 

"I want to let you know of a few things." The General watch as the hybrids went back to what they were doing before.

"That one, the fox, his name is Mar. He's the leader of the hybrids. Well, as much as a leader as he can be." The General laughed. 

"Okay, sir..." The Captain said, not sure of where he was going.

"He's a sly one. Sly as a fox if you will." The General chuckled. "Just watch yourself." He said and walked off. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

The night was about to begin. They had been crowded into the arena and the two contestants were thrown into the pit. Phil was on one side and Maurice was on the other. Maurice was part bull. He was large and his hands and feet were solid hooves, his head was topped with horns and his bulls tail flicked back and forth between his legs. They weren't friends, but they weren't enemies either. They didn't want to fight but they had no choice.

"Fight!" The general shouted, and Maurice charged on all fours, horns forward. Phil pressed his back against the wall and ducked between Maurice's legs. There was a loud crack as horn met wall and Maurice screamed. Phil hesitated, before sinking his fangs into the beefy shoulder. Maurice cried out, quieter now, and collapsed. The soldiers cheered and a few of the hybrid did, as well. Many were silent though. Mar looked up and saw the Captain of the new guard staring down into the pit, he was silent and still, and had a look like he was about to be sick on his face. Tears fell from Phil's eyes and he put a hand over his mouth. He shook his head and backed up from his falling victim. 

"Next!" The General shouted, the two previous fighters were dragged out of the ring and the next two were about to be selected. The first two knew before hand, and then everyone after that was random. A guard wrapped his hand around Mar's neck and threw him into the pit. He landed on his stomach with a thud and coughed as he felt his ribs for any damage. He heard a thud and a cough behind him and got up on his hands and knees. He brushed himself off and stood up to face his opponent. A wolf. His fur was thick and gray and his back feet were paws. His hands were still hands and his tail was between his legs. They both looked up out of the ring as the guards chanted.

"Fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight!" Several guards stepped forward and turned on their cattle prods. The two stepped towards each other nervously.

"Fight!" The General shouted. The wolf hybrid stared at him a moment before baring his teeth.

"I won't fight you." Mar said, he had been a pacifist as a human and kept that idea as a hybrid.

"I know Mar, I'm so sorry." The wolf spoke and began inching his way towards him.

"No hard feelings." Mar shrugged.

"I said, Fight!" The General shouted again. The hybrid sprung with teeth bared and wrapped them around Mar's throat. Mar dodged and the other hybrid quickly turned in the dirt and prepared to pounce again. He jumped when Mar took a chance to glance up at the still unmoving Captain. His hands hit his chest and teeth dug into his shoulder. Mar screamed before his head hit the wall of the arena and he was met with darkness.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

He awoke in an ice cold room, it was obviously night. His shoulder throbbed and he could hear others sleeping, he was in his room. He hissed as he sat up on the side of the bed. He stepped out of the room, which had no door, and looked around. He walked into the empty main room and sat down on one of the several long tables that filled the room. He rubbed his injured shoulder and jumped when the silence of the room was broken.

"Is it sore?" The Captain asked, sitting down next to Mar.

"A little, but the doc will fix me up after work tomorrow." Mar said. 

"What are you doing awake?"

"I don't sleep much, it's my job to make sure everyone else is alright." Mar said. The Captain nodded.

"You know, the General never comes down here. The guards and the Captain usually play cards at night." Mar said. 

"Good to know, thank you." The Captain said. Mar looked at him and his tail flicked across the bench, it was uncommon for a guard to say thank you. 

"You're welcome." It was time to take a chance, "A favor for a favor, then?" Mar asked, the Captain looked at him. 

"Depends, what favor?" The Captain asked.

"We need more blankets. The reptiles and others without fur have a hard time making it through the night. It gets too cold, so the ones with fur give up their blankets but still it's not enough." Mar explained. The Captain nodded.

"I'll see what I can do." 

"So you know my name, but I don't know yours." Mar said.

"You can call me Captain." The Captain said, and stood. He left Mar sitting there and disappeared down the hallway.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

After work the next day, Mar stepped into his room to see two large piles of blankets on his bunk. He smiled and began placing one on each bed, cold blooded and fur-less ones first, then children, then everyone else. When the rest of the workers came in they smiled at the soft, thicker blankets.

"Captain." Mar found him in the dining room.

"Mar, did you find your present?" 

"Yes, I did. Thank you, it means so much more than you know." Mar said. The Captain shrugged.

"I mean it, even the smallest act of kindness is huge to us. It's rare to see." Mar shrugged.

"You're very welcome." The Captain smiled at him, and for once in a long time Mar saw someone treat his kind with kindness. Mar was about to walk away when the Captain called him back. "Mar, can I ask you something?"

"Of course."

"What kind of a name is Mar?"

"What kind of a name is Captain?" Mar winked, and was met with a glare. "It's short for Marcus, but you call me that, and I won't be a pacifist much longer." Mar smiled, showing his gleaming white teeth.

"Mar it is then." Captain smiled. 

"I should go, I have people to check on." Mar pointed towards the rooms of bunks. 

"Alright, I'll talk to you later then." Captain smiled. Mar smiled back and walked off to check on others of his kind.

~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

"Mar, I'm so glad to see you." Rose said, after almost a year of being in the camps.

"What's up?" Mar asked, he had changed a lot since being forced into the camps. He was leaner and his mutation had advanced even more. His tail was larger and his ears more pointed. His lightly red furred chest was covered in scars from the arena and one of his ears had a tear in it. 

"Jaime has gone missing." She said, point over at the young boy's crying, armadillo, mother. Mar walked over to the crying woman. 

"Tell me what happened." Mar crouched down next to her, putting a hand on her shoulder.

"I don't know, we went to bed together since we share the same bunk for warmth and I woke up and he was gone, no one's seen him." 

"Several other people are missing too." A rabbit stepped forward. The mother burst into sobs and Rose stepped forward to hold her as she cried.

"We'll wait a day, for all we know they just got moved to different work hours, if they don't turn up then I'll talk to the Captain." Mar said, Rose brought the woman into her bunk room to comfort her and everyone else got back to their business. 

The next day, with still no sign of the, what added up to, three missing people, Mar tracked down the Captain.

"Captain!" Mar jogged over to the Captain, who waited for him to catch up.

"What is it?"

"I need to talk to you about something." Mar said, once he had reached the guard.

"And that something would be?" The Captain asked, and continued walking.

"I was wondering if there have been any shift changes recently?" 

"No, why?"

"Well, I'm sure it's nothing but a few of us have gone missing." Mar said. The Captain stopped and faced him.

"A few? How many?"

"Three, including a child." Mar said. 

"I haven't been notified of any missing people. Did they try to escape?" The Captain asked suddenly.

"No, they wouldn't. Especially the small boy, definitely not without his mother." Mar said. 

"It's okay if you tell me, I can't promise they wont be punished, but I promise they won't be killed." The Captain said. 

"Well that's a comfort." Mar rolled his eyes.

"I just mean that they could be-"

"I know, and I know that's a lot to promise and I thank you for that, but they didn't run away. They wouldn't be able to make it past the guards, the fence, or hell past the door. One was an armadillo, the other two were mice. Not exactly fighting material." Mar said.

"I'll look into it and let you know." The Captain said.

"Thank you, Captain." Mar said, and walked back to his own people.

~~~~~~~~~~~ 

"Sir, permission to speak?" The Captain asked the General, when they were alone that night.

"Go ahead." The General nodded, and turned the page of the news paper. 

"It's been brought to my attention that some of the infected have gone missing." The Captain said. The General looked up and over the news paper at the Captain.

"They're fine, don't worry about it they won't be punished." He shrugged.

"That's not what I'm worried about, sir. Where are they?" 

"They're fine, just drop it." The General waved a hand. The Captain bit his tongue for a moment before speaking again.

"But to just disappear like that, I should have been notified-"

"Captain Tyler Shaw, know your place, and know that this does not concern you." The General spat. The Captain shut up and looked towards the building where the Infected slept. He was excused and walked over there, knowing he would find Mar awake, checking on all of his people before he fell asleep himself.

"Mar." He called out, his voice echoing in the empty room.

"What did he say?" Mar wasted no time.

"Not much, just that they're fine." The Captain shrugged.

"And you believe that?" Mar asked, knowing the answer.

"Not for a second, there's something going on here. And I have a feeling it's not legal." The Captain looked around the room, as if the answers were on the walls.

"You've done enough, Captain. More than anyone else ever has, and for that you have my eternal gratitude. But if you poke around anymore some damn awful things could happen to you." Mar said.

"I know, but I can't let them get away with this, and you can't do it without my help." 

"You're right about that." Mar sighed.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" Mar asked. The Captain nodded. "Well, Captain. It looks like we're in this together." Mar smiled.

"Tyler Shaw."

"What?"

"My name, it's Tyler Shaw." The Captain held out his hand, Mar took it in his slightly furred one.

"Marcus Noble." Mar smiled. The Captain smiled just as wise.

"We'll talk tomorrow, I need to get to sleep I still have my shift to do." Mar said. 

"Of course, sorry." Tyler blushed, he sometimes forgot what Mar had to go through each day.

"I'll see you tomorrow, Tyler Shaw." Mar said, stepping back into the bunk room he shared with the nine other people. 
