 Subject-Unfaithful husband punished by wife who takes a lover. Husband finds bi-sexual lover and initiates an affair to punish wife.

Yeah, I know you are right about that, I guess we got married too young. I knew Marianne had a serious relationship with Dexter Johnson, our High School Quarterback but they broke up when he went off to college. I was working in Dad's record store on Main Street and Marianne would come in from time to time to shop the oldies section. She was a beauty. You can't blame me if I was always there to lend her a helping hand although what I wanted to lend her was something else, more like a helping finger or a swollen cock. 

Neither one of us were college material. I was business orientated and Mary Anne was a Secretarial major in High School. She'd worked part time at Hampton's Law Office and Mrs. H had offered her a good full time job when she graduated. So, what the hell, who needed to go to college? 

We started dating that year. She was easy. It wasn't a question of first or second base. We were fucking in the Shankwell's Drive In Movie Theater on the first date. Yeah, it's a weird name but that is where we were, shanking. Marianne wasn't any virgin, but I was and she was the answer to my prayers. She looked a lot like Demi Moore back then, same hairdo. No, not Demi as the nude pregnant covergirl, that came after. Anyway, when Marianne missed her period for two months running I was happy to walk her to the altar. We skipped the honeymoon to save the money. Well, we were two poor kids, ok?

We lived for a time in the apartment over my dad's garage. We stayed there for three years until Dad started having heart problems. He was advised to move somewhere warmer. That was when he made me the manager of the record/music store and he and Mom moved to Saint Petersburg in Florida. They told us that we could move from the garage apartment to live in their old house provided we kept it up and sent them a thousand each month. Of course Dad was still in for a percentage of the store's business but all thing said, it was a sweetheart deal. 

I started to expand the inventory from just records to selling musical instruments. Vintage guitars had always been a hobby so I offered up a good part of my collection. I was surprised when people started bringing me in vintage stuff to buy. I also took on some newer Asian Guitars that were quite good, especially for beginners. The distributer who was overstocked just sent me an assortment of colors and styles with easy payment options. 

All of a sudden, money came easy, I was doing very well at the store and my wife was bringing home enough to keep us more than afloat. Our daughter was healthy and Marianne's sister moved in to the garage apartment and served as a nanny. So life was working out pretty good. But all good things come to an end. 

My sex life had taken a strong decline after the baby was born and as the years passed it just got worse. About twenty years out my daughter was off in college leading her own life. I was now entering into my forties. My wife had put on a bit of weight and the wrinkles were making her look like my mother-in-law. I was luckier, I hadn't changed much, a little bit of age seemed to wear well on me. My hormones were still popping me an erection but you can't live on internet porno and jerk off lotion alone. My wife was as open to sex as a nun, maybe even less. She just wasn't into it anymore. We hadn't had sex in three years, and it was drunken sex at that.

What do they say, "The idle dick is the devil's workshop?" Well, something like that? 

Of course when Sally Dubois, who was a friend of my daughter, applied for a job as a sales girl at the store, I was smitten. Sally, nineteen years old, became my new employee and with her employment she brought her youth, two really big tits, a great ass and fab legs that showed nicely under her short tight skirts. She started coming in to work looking like she was far too attractive to even be there. Business picked up, lots of young guys would buy whatever she was selling. She would wear those tight blouses and my cock was in perpetual erection whenever she came near. I had a hidden advantage, she liked older men, me in particular. Of course she noticed how my cock saluted her. She wasn't stupid!

The shit, or should I say the tit hit the fan when she offered to help me complete the night inventory. I spent most of those nights with her skirt up over my head. You gotta admit, shaved pussy is a real turn on. Pretty soon I realized, one evening a month was not enough. Of course after we tried to finished up the paperwork in the afternoon. We'd start early. Then we went out to dinner together and wore out the bed over at the Starlight Motel two towns over. Of course I always slipped Sally extra cash for the extra workload, sometimes I even deposited an extra load before we called it a night. 

Now at this point you probably figure I got the sales girl pregnant? Nope, after my wife gave birth she insisted I get my tubes tied or snipped, whatever it's called, so I was barebacking Sally in every orifice she possessed. This gal just loved sex, taking it in the ass, even a titty fuck. I was in heaven.

I had heard way back some nasty gossip. They said that my wife Marianne was a blowjob queen. There was a story I'd overheard at a school reunion between two drunken ex jocks who described how after a big football win, Marianne who was just 18 at the time, how she and two other cheerleaders blew the team and the three coaches. They even blew the retarded 18 year old water-guy, but not the school mascot who was a Billy Goat. That was the drunk's punch line. They sure laughed it up.

Unfortunately my cock seemed to have become persona non grata in my wife's puss after the first few years we were married. By this time in our relationship. I couldn't have gotten a blow job out of her if I gave her a new car, which I did. I didn't get a blow job even though I asked. If I wanted a blow job I'd have to go find someone and pay for it. Instead fate smiled at me and sent me my new employee. Sally answered for any pleasures I'd missed. She just loves cock, in particular mine. She'd go down on me in the back office of the store as soon as there was a sign of an erection coming, even a twitch of wood and she'd jump the gun. Did I mention she said she was in love with me? Yeah, I know what you're thinking. They always say that. Well, me too.

It was our inventory night and we'd finished up and the two of us were fooling around at the Starview Motel over in Ardmore when there came a loud knock on the door.

"Who the fuck is that?" I said.

No response, except more heavy knocking.

I opened the door, figuring maybe my car as blocking someone, and who was it? My god damn wife.

Marianne just looked into the room spotted me in my underwear with my cock sticking out and Sally in her bra, with no panties and my wife just muttered, 

"I figured!" and stalked out,

She never mentioned it to me but next thing I knew a few days later when I came home from work, I found all my stuff moved into the extra bedroom, even that few copies of some nudie mag that I'd hidden in my underwear drawer were right there laying under my pillow. Now I was sleeping alone. In a way I didn't mind. As far as the wife and me, we were like two non-speaking mutes.

A friend of mine, unasked, tried to intercede. He came back with this pretty quote.

"He fucked with me," said the wife, "and I will fuck on his ass."

Lovely speech, but what did I expect? And this was the bitch who never wanted to have sex with me. Now she was hot to trot. It was as if she'd had a super injection of estrogen mixed with Spanish fly. She went on a diet, had her hair dyed blond and began to go to the gym over on 4th Street. Pretty soon she leaving at night all dolled up and stinking of perfume and was coming home late smelling of pussy and dick.

Since she had her new Mustang she could go wherever she wanted, by that point I really didn't care. This arrangement left me free to pursue any piece of pussy I wanted. Pretty soon I was fucking three different gals a week. More than that was too much. I needed a day in between to recharge the old hairy balls.

A few months later my wife and I had a meeting of the minds over at our lawyer office and we agreed not to divorce but to have an open marriage. The rules were simple. We could have whatever sexual affairs we wanted but we were not to rub the others nose in it. We were not to bring any partners home and we were to be discrete so none of our friends or neighbors knew about our arrangement. It was at that time she let in slip that she had one steady date and wasn't interested in picking up guys in bars.

The agreement was fine with me. The cost of a divorce would have cost me half of everything and I was better off in the present circumstances. But I was a little, to say the least curious to know who this steady paramour was. I got a friend with a vehicle which she would not have recognized, to pick me up at work one afternoon and being winter it got dark pretty quick. The darkness was a pretty good veil for what I had in mind. 

We followed her red Mustang Convertible when she left the house and about 20 minutes away she pulled into a darkened driveway. She got out of her car in her high heels and entered a small brick house. I wrote down the street address and the number of the house. The next day a little investigation of the county assessor's internet page told me who the house was owned by. It turned out to be a Winston Faygler. 

Now that name was familiar, then it dawned on me. I got out my old high school yearbook and there he was, Faygler was our high school art teacher. I had always thought, when I'd seen him in the hall, that he was a gay, I mean most artist are, aren't they? Not that I cared, but I was surprised my wife was visiting this guy, a full 20 years older than she was. Then I remembered how art was her favorite subject back then and I think she had once said Faygler was her favorite teacher. Yep, there in the old high school yearbook was a photo of the two of them. Him with his arm around her shoulder while she was holding some picture she'd painted.

Ok, now I had a plan. I had received a mailing from the adult school network and I'd thrown it in the garbage, but after rescuing it from under some trash, fortunately I was able to dry it off with a hair dryer so I was able to read it. Yep, there was Faygler, teaching the adult art class on Wednesday nights. Hmm, that was the one night that my wife always stayed home. Now I knew why.

I was a little late for the start of the term but his class was not filled. I registered for his class using my first and middle name. No one seemed to notice. I bought some watercolors and stashed them at the office under some drop cloths that we used when we had to repaint the store. On Wednesday night I showed up at Faygler's class with an entrance slip and next thing I knew I was painting. Since I had never studied under him he didn't know me from the past. Faygler greeted me with a big smile and introduced me as a new student to the class. Then he handed me a poster of an outdoor scene.

"You can paint whatever you like but most of the students like to use the posters as an inspiration to paint from."

It seemed like a good idea.

So for the next few weeks I kept my mouth shut and painted. Me and some old guy were the only men in the class, the rest were mostly housewives gushing over Faygler but he seemed to hang out with me and the old guy more then I would have suspected. A few more weeks into the class I stayed around late and when everyone had left I casually said to Faygler,

"Hey teach, can I offer you a beer?"

"Sure," said Faygler. 

We walked out to the parking lot and he told me to follow him, he knew a quiet spot. Ok, that was fine with me. It turned out to be what looked like a gay bar. There were only two women there and I was kind of sure they were transsexuals. Faygler and I squeezed into a booth and started to talk, small talk.

I asked him, "Are you married?"

"Oh now, I got close a couple of times but I love my freedom too much. Finding the right match isn't easy."

"Oh yeah, don't I know."

"You must get a lot of pussy, the women in the class sure seem to love you."

"Well, I always thought it was not correct to get involved with students, even though these are all adults."

"I second that. I would never get involved with co-workers." Of course I lied.

We had a few beers and pretty soon I felt his foot pressed against mine. 

"This is a pretty nice place, it's a gay bar, isn't it?"

"Yes, it is. Are you comfy with that?"

"Yep, sure am. When I was in the national guard there was a similar place near the summer camp barracks where we'd get drinks."

"Did you ever did into the gay clientele?"

"I won't tell a lie. There were a few trannies who were so cute I thought they were women. Of course out in the parking lot when they bent way back I suspected they'd slipped my cock into their ass. When I reached down and there was a warm cock pressing into my belly."

"Really? What was your reaction to being fooled?" 

Now his leg was rubbing against mine under the table.

"I had no problem, it was too late to back out and I have to admit, the blow job prep and the butt fuck were quite a nice departure from the gals off base. You'll excuse my language."

Faygler smiled. The tips of his goatee rose up. 

"No need, it's best to call a spade a spade."

"Are you gay?" I asked abruptly.

"Not really, I'm bi. I like pussy but I also like cock. Here in Philly you have the opportunity to try both if you like."

"Sounds like a good idea."

"Would you like a little action tonight," said Faygler, leaning closer to me. I could smell the oil paint on his smock.

"What do you mean?"

"My apartment isn't far, we could have a few drinks and if you wanted, I say if you wanted, we could fool around a little or not. Whatever you want. No pressure."

"Yeah, I think I'd like that, although I don't think I could take a cock in the ass."

"Well, that's something you can learn, but I'm really a bottom so that is not going to present us with any problem."

"A bottom? Meaning? Oh yeah, you like to take it in the ass. Oh, excuse me." 

Several of the guys in the booth next to ours us turned around. I guess I spoke too loud.

He smiled at that, not perturbed a bit.

So off we went, I followed him home, although of course I knew where he lived.

We parked in his driveway and went inside. There was a cabinet bar in the living room and a big flat screen television. He poured us a few rounds of Jack and Ginger, then he excused himself and was gone a while. I watched the late news and then he came in wearing a white bathrobe and slippers. I have to admit he smelled real good.

"Why don't you undress?"

"Sure," I said, taking off my sweater and laying it on the table in front of the couch. Before long he was kissing me, unbuttoning my shirt and licking my nipples. Then he started biting them.

"Oh, that hurts."

"I'm sorry, some guys like that."

"Oh I guess it was nice. It just surprised me."

Now he was undressing me and I let my pants fall. He pulled down my boxers and started to suck my cock. I have to admit he knew what he was doing and his goatee made it feel like I was fucking a hairy pussy.

When he had me seriously erect he stopped, stood up and threw off his robe. He was nude and laid back on the long couch. 

He motioned me to come forward, I was pretty much beginning to chub up again. I sort of sat on his chest and he played with my dick and balls.

"Oh, what a nice cut cock, your cock is really perfect," he said and went to work on my cock like he was a piccolo player. 

"Oh, oh, slow down or I'll come in your mouth."

"Oh, that's fine." 

"No, I want to fuck you."

He stood up and he rolled over so his ass was facing me.

"Do I need to wear anything?"

"You mean a rubber? No, I'm clean."

"Ok."

He continued, "I haven't been fucked in a while. My ass is going to be very tight. If I cry out don't pay any attention, just fuck away. Mostly pussy comes in through the door, you know bored housewives, so I'm really going to enjoy this."

He pulled out some lube from a nearby drawer and quickly rubbed some gel in his ass and grabbed for my cock rubbing the gel from his palm onto my shaft.

At that point he got into an all fours or the doggie position.

My cock was fully aroused, I wasn't put off by his being a man, albeit a gay or bi man. I figured it was some sort of an experiment.

He gently reached back, found my erect cock and guided me into him. My dick slid right up his ass. He whimpered a bit as I pressed deeper and then he moaned,

"Oh yeah, oh that is nice."

I have to say his ass was as smooth, actually smoother then most pussy I've tried and it was just the right tightness.

I started in fucking him and before I knew it I had blown my load. 

"Oops, I'm sorry I was too fast. You got me so excited."

"I'm glad. Just stay inside me."

He twisted sideways and held me in his arms and started tonguing my ear, Jesus that felt good.

I stayed there as long as I could, till my dick relaxed and as it got soft it kind of rolled out of his ass. That was when he turned all the way over and I saw his cock. Up to then I hadn't paid any attention to it. Shit, it was a lot bigger than mine and I'm a good 6 1/2 to 7 inches. I didn't say anything, but he noticed I'd glanced.

"Yes, before I put my dick in your ass we will have to teach you how to take it."

"My God Winston, where did you get a dick that big, you are fucking huge."

He laughed.

"Yep, my forehead was sweating when I saw that monster. Yeah, no doubt you'll have to teach me or see a doctor about getting a dick reduction."

He smiled, "Yeah, my dick is big, uncut, it twists to the left, is veiny, and looks like the base of a bramble bush."

"Yeah but it's huge."

"Listen," said Whinny, "take it from a guy who knows cock, your cock is beautiful, it's cut, smooth, straight, a gorgeous helmet. It's just the right size for sucking or fucking. I'd trade with you any day."

"That's really nice of you to say that, but I'd take the trade."

He smiled and laughed again. "I hope we can make this a frequent arrangement, your cock in my ass that is."

"Whinny, I sure enjoyed fucking you," and I was telling him the truth.

"Me too," he whispered looking intently into my eyes. 

That was when I realized his eyes were a beautiful blue. Even though he was at least 20 years older than me he had a real nice body, muscular, even ripped. His legs were toned, really nice, like a ballet dancer. No wonder my wife was into him.

A half hour later I left his home and as I drove to mine, I realized, yikes, me and my wife were fucking or being fucked by the same guy. Oh Jesus!

Oh yeah, I did make it a point to reach around when I was fucking his ass to jerk him off, just about the same time I dropped my load in his ass. I felt he had a good bit of cock meat but I didn't realize just how big. I jerked him off on purpose. I'd read up that that was the customary thing to do when you were butt fucking a guy. But it was not because I wanted to give him the sweet surprise that you get from a massage girl. It was because I wanted to drain his balls so he wouldn't get horny as often and be fucking my wife. 

We started meeting twice a week. That seemed right away to cut into Marianne's night rides. Just as I'd planned, the extra sex that Whinny was having with me seemed to take the oomph out of his sex with Marianne. I mean how many times a week could a guy of his age cum? It sure seemed to have the desired effect. Not only did she stop going out as often but I could hear her pacing the floor late at night and I knew that was a sign she was super horny.
