 “I am sure,” said the priest, “that Jesus met this way with his deciples.”

“You believe Jesus Christ sucked cock?”

“Undoubtedly. His deciples most certainly did. With no female companionship, they had to relieve each other’s tensions. Men, lacking the third hole, must use the two they have to fulfil their earthly needs.”

“Jesus Christ, Cocksucker,” I giggled.

“Though that may be true, we seldom speak of our lord in that vein.”

“How do you speak of it?”

“We look on it as a communion. A transference of the life force.”

“And when you plug Reverend Jim’s back door?”

“He receives the full gift.”

“Do you receive that gift too?”

“Occasionally, though I am more prone these days, to give than receive.”

“I’m not going to let you put that horse cock up my ass.”

“No I suppose not. It takes practice to accept it without pain.”

“But I sure would like to pound your ass, sometime.”

“Because I’m a priest?”

“Because you’re a fucking priest and most priests don’t do that.”

“I do not touch women.”

“But you do fuck boys.“ 

“Let’s shower,” said the priest.

We picked up our clothes and I followed his lean, hairy ass down the stairs to the shower. We turned on adjoining shower heads and soaped up. He worked a mass of lather in his crotch and worked it back between his legs and around his butt. He reached over to soap me and worked on me until I had another solid hard-on.

Father Ted stepped from under the spray and lathered his crack some more. He bent forward and rested his hands against the opposite wall. “Come on. Give it to me. The soap will make it slick and smooth.”

“You mean up your ass?”

“Of course. Come on. How often do you get a chance to shove that rammer up a priest’s pussy?”

I moved behind him and found his tight little bung hole in the suds with my finger. I aimed and my hard cock entered with little resistance.

“You are load,” grunted the priest. “You fill my man cunt very well.” “You wanted a fucking. You’ll to get one.” I pulled back and slammed it home. I heard him grunt. I had a hand on each of his slender hips and I watched the cylinder of my cock piston into the sudsy, brown hole. As he tightened to keep me from withdrawing, the insides of that brown ring clung to me and a part of that pinkish-brown opening turned inside out. On the down stroke he opened up to let me ram hard into him until belly and balls slapped against his spare buttocks.

“You like taking it in the ass?” I taunted.

“Love it,” grunted the priest. “Pound me.” 

“Right up your sanctified ass.”

“Blessed once by the Cardinal‘s cock, itself,” breathed the priest. “you have entered hallowed ground.”

“You’re kidding. Was he as good as I am?”

“Put your hand on me. Hold it. Work my clit, it needs your hand.”

I reached around him to take his enlarged organ in my fist. Each time I slammed into him, his stiff cock seemed to expand. Each time I withdrew it wept a little on my fingers and made them slick. “You didn’t answer me. Was his cock as good as mine?”

“So good,” moaned the priest.

I had the feeling the priest, being so intimately fucked, could not lie. 

That in the throes of his screwing he could not withold any truth. At no other time would he have divulged his connection with the Cardinal. “Did you fuck the Cardinal?”

“That would have been unthinkable. Only another cardinal or the pope would fuck a cardinal. Only a cardinal could suck a pope.

Then the cardinal fucked you.”

“A most secret rite and very beautiful. Each new young priest kissed the Cardinal’s holy scepter and took it in his mouth to firm it. He was a very old man,” explained the priest. “It took a great deal of stimulation to make it stand. Someone stood behind him with a golden cross and introduced the longest part up his fundament to keep him firm.”

I paused in my stroking. I was close to cuming and I wanted to hear all of his story.

“Don’t stop,” wailed the priest, “I need hot sperm in my aching pussy.”

I rammed it home and made him grunt. “Did the cardinal make your pussy come like I’m going to?”

“He put it in all the way, once, and pulled it out. It was only a ceremony. The man was too old for more.”

“Did the old man cop your cherry?”

“Hah!” groaned the priest, “I lost that as an altar boy. Father Burns, bless his horny, holy cock, parted my buns and administered his benediction one morning after mass.” 

“Just like that, he fucked you?”

“One day, Father Burns displayed his full arrousal to prove there was nothing abnormal happening to us. He made us kiss it as a show of adoration. He said it was akin to kissing the bishop’s ring.”

“Then he cornholed you. I bet that hurt.”

“He was not a large man down there, but he was clumsy.”

“And you never told?”

“Who would believe me? No. I went back the next week, gritted my teeth and bent over for him. I didn’t cry until I left the church.”

“You never told.?”

“You get used to it. And then...” he paused. “One day you find you’re looking forward to it.”

The priest had so taken me with his story that I had slowed down and was barely moving inside him. I pulled back and slammed a hard one into him. “Was it as good as this?”

“He was my first,” said the priest. “I think about him every time I bend over for it.”

“I’m going to come,” I moaned. I gripped his cock and worked the hard flesh frantically.”

“Blessed Jesus. So am I. Hold me tight while you fill my pussy.”

“You pussy is an asshole,” I reminded him.”

“But it’s a good asshole,” he muttered, “and you make it come alive.”

“Are assholes as good as real pussy?”

“I don’t know,” said the priest. “Back door pussy is the only kind I ever had. Having a woman is against my vows.”

“Your hole feels tight for having so many cocks up it. Does my prick still feel good to you?”

“Oh God,” moaned the priest. “Squeeze my cock hard, I’m coming. Can you feel it spurt?”

I hunched behind him and rammed my throbbing cock into him as far as I could and froze. I tightened my fingers around his hard, stubby dick and felt the thick white juice pumping out of him and onto the wet floor of the shower to swirl with the warm water down the drain as I emptied my load into him.

The water pounded on the two of us. Neither moved for a long time. Finally my cock shrank and slipped out. I turned to the water and reached for my soap to wash away whatever bits of shit that clung to me when I left his brownie hole. I took my soapy fingers and slipped my fingers into that nasty place and was amazed to find it still small and tight and I wondered how I had ever managed to get my hard meat into it. While my fingers probed, the good father turned and grasped my swollen but softening prick. “A nice cock it is,” said the priest. “It stood up well to the task and did its duty. I hope someday to return the favor.”

“I’m not ready for that,” I said. “I don’t want that thing up my butt.”

“Tis a feeling like no other,” said the priest.

“It may be but I don’t want that cucumber up my ass.”

“Surely you’ve taken on some your young friends,” reasoned the priest.

I continued probing the hole I had just screwed.

“And you enjoy the afterplay, probing a man’s plundered pussy after it has milked your seed.”

“It’s still an asshole,” I retorted.

“But as good as any pussy ever probed by man.”

“You don’t know that for sure.”

“I hear the confession of many a frustrated woman who longs for the feeling I know each time a hard cock plumbs me. I quiver and ache till the juices spurt from my tender clit.”

“Your clit?”

“What can it be except one that has grown to the front of that tight little pussy you filled with your sweet juices.?”

‘Well, I guess you’ve swallowed my juices in both your holes.”

“I love the feel of it leaking out.” The priest gripped my arm. “You are a good man where it counts.”

“You like that?”

“I’ve watched you since the first afternoon you came here.” The priest smiled and puckered his lips. “My pussy puckered when I saw your cock.”

“You mean your asshole?”

“If you must be vulgar and call it that.”

“Everybody says you’ve plugged Lew Burke’s ass so much he walks funny. I never figured him to be plugging you.”

“He doesn’t,” said the priest. “It would not be fit for an altar boy to service his priest. It is necessary to preserve a certain amount of discipline.”

“But it’s all right for you to screw him?”

“Of course. It is his duty to serve his mentor as I served mine.”

The hot water beat down on us. The priest extended his fingers and circled my cock. Such a fine rod and you handle it so well. You touched my spot.”

“Could we do it again sometime?”

”If the lord wishes,” said the priest. “I am sure he will.”