 I stepped out of his closet into paradise. 

Color and light. Huge windows. Space. Bookshelves to the ceiling. Purple walls. Hec's bed looked like something out of Middle Earth-- a four poster made out of tree trunks. Its roots appeared to sprout from out of the floor, and vines carved and wound around the trucks from base to canopy and across. No mistaking the craftsmanship; the same hands that made the grand staircase skillfully carved this same bed.

Until this moment, I felt no compunction searching the rooms in this home-- now I felt like a blasphemer to do so. I reverently ran my fingertips across his dresser, carved by the same hands. His mirror. His comb. I touched his curls caught within its teeth. 

I felt like a love-sick fool.

I was acting like he was some deity, not the flesh-and-blood man who just an hour ago had me pinned to the dishwasher, making me cream my shorts like a schoolboy.

I turned to the bed, imagining what it'd be like-- him on top of me, in me, making me call out his name.

I could have it. I could be here, with him.

I crept up the bed, feeling like an outsider wanting to be in. I traced my fingers over the dark bed posts, so hedonistic-- the mattress lush and deep covered with a rich velvet bedspread. Ran my fingers over fabric; I never knew a color could be felt, but the purple tingled on my fingertips like sparks of light. 

In an instant the room turned, changed. An odd, unexplainable aura filled it. Not Mary Poppins Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious magic. No, this was erotic. Desire, lust, want, swirled around me like a manic merry-go-round. Even if I hadn't known this was Hec's room, I would have been hard-- but imagining Hec spread out on the same bed I was touching, well, it made me want to take my dick out and mark my territory by spotting the crushed velvet with come. I eased myself down on the lush mattress, threw my legs and arms out. My cock was rock-hard for the third time today. I looked up--

Holy fuck.

Inside the canopy were carvings. Pornography, all sorts of acts carefully carved. The carvings were detailed, too. Men with men, men and women, women with women. Made me wonder what this bed was used for, and how Hec could possibly sleep here. Hec had to masturbate to these pictures. At least I hoped he did. Hard not to. Just thinking on one image in particular almost sent me over the edge. I wondered what kind of house this was. A brothel? And this bed? All a customer need do is point at a position and say, "I think I'll have number seven tonight!" 

I knew if I stayed in this bed much longer, he'd find me here passed out after a good wank. Part of me wanted that-- but I'd rather not explain how I got in his bed.

As I got up, the flashlight I'd held tight in my hand dropped with a thud to the floor and rolled under the bed. I bent over to pick it up and suddenly felt dizzy, grasping the post of the bed for support. My mind was milk-toast and honey, and I was ready to faint with desire. Great, who was I now? One of those damsels with my heart pounding with longing that Hec writes about? That would be just prefect-- Hec finds me, sprawled on his floor, helpless and vulnerable. I could see it now--

