 (This new story carries on from, The Wonderful World of Rex)

***

Lorna snapped one more photo as the train doors opened. The old frumpy, very tipsy businessman's balding head slid up and down Rex's cock with a gurgling sound. It almost sounded like choking really to Lorna's mind as the buzz of the very large crowd began to fill the carriage. Lorna made a quick seat change to just beside the seedy fellow and sat watching the crowd. 

Nobody seemed to notice the shocked red haired stud with this older chubby fellow bouncing around in his lap as the train bolted off into the tunnel. Lorna did note one young woman who looked about twenty-five with multiple facial piercings gaze downward at the bobbing head. She looked perplexed but could not figure it out. The train jolted and bucked, and with the crowd so tightly packed in, the action was going unnoticed as far as Lorna could tell.

Lorna wiggled out of her light coat and tossed it atop the man's head in Rex's lap.

"Sort yourself out. Put his man-toy away. I have plans!" She breathed this all to the bouncing lumpy coat and also to Rex who sat bug-eyed and highly concerned.

The coat jiggled and rose and fell. And soon a very muddled drunken man rose up and pushed the coat toward Lorna's open hands.

Rex's hard cock was shoved awkwardly back into his fly. The zip was done up just enough but Lorna could still see some man-meat on show. She smiled knowingly at Rex. Rex's unshaven face looked flushed and a bit sweaty. That pleased Lorna to no end!

************************

The motley threesome emerged at Rex's home underground station into the night air.

Rex breathed in deeply and held fast to the drunken man's arm so he would not topple over.

Lorna walked slightly ahead and knew the way to Rex's pleasant home only a few blocks away.

The aging bald-headed man seemed to just be open to be taken along like he was a lost child and this confused poor Rex greatly.

The handsome ginger haired six-foot stud felt very odd taking this perfect stranger home to his private abode to do...well, who knew what Lorna had in mind. Her creative mind and her wild ideas were exciting but rather scary to the 40 year-old sex novice. Lorna was opening doors for Rex but he did wonder just what might lay behind some of those doors!

"You OK back there, Rex? Is our guest cooperating?" Lorna called out. Her sexy MILF figure bounding along ahead down the pavements. 

Rex said rather quietly, "Oh, he's just coming with us as if he knows us. And just what do you have planned? I am starving, Lorna. We have not had supper. And this old guy is very drunk."

"Who the fuck are you calling old?" The drunk slurred as they toddled along the pavements making headway to Greenvale Terrace; the quiet Victorian terraced house lined road that Rex had lived on now for quite a few years.

Lorna, her short dark greying hair blowing in the breeze, laughed loudly.

"So right. No old folks here! We are all alive and oh so ready for some fun. We'll eat and then, well, we'll see what fun we can have." Lorna called out rounding the corner of Greenvale Terrace and moving steadily to Rex's house that sat mid-way along.

Rex's feet ached and he could not wait to unload this drunken burden onto his couch. He prayed the guy would just pass out and that would be that. But he was starting to learn that Lorna always seemed to have a plan in mind and it was usually a bit outrageous if not downright dirty!

Rex's terraced home stood atop a small set of outer stone steps and loomed up at them. The windows were dark and the front hall unlit. 

"Pass me your keys. You just see to our friend." Lorna ordered and Rex dug inside his suit coat pocket and produced the little ring with a few dangling keys attached.

She took the keys and mounted the steps, fiddled with the old lock and swung the door wide.

"Where do you keep these keys?" She asked casually as she flicked on the inner hall light.

"There in the small hall table drawer next to the stairway, there are two or three sets all the same." Rex moaned as he lugged the drunken man up the steps and into the illuminated hallway. The older man stumbled beside Rex but only just barely. Rex took the brunt of the heavy form on every step of this journey. He shut the door with one hand as he pushed the drunken guest forward into the still dark sitting room.

Lorna, with her back to the men, had opened the table drawer and saw the multiple sets of identical house keys on little rings. She carefully grabbed one set and snuck it safely into her bag. She wanted full access to Rex at all times and without his knowing it. He'd never miss a spare set of keys she thought to herself with an inner grin of delight. She shut the drawer and turned to see Rex dropping their guest on the couch and switching on a table lamp nearby. She noted how dishevelled Rex was now and how tired he looked.

"Now let's all relax. What a trip!" Lorna said lightly as she strode delicately into the handsome sitting room. The lovely couch sat against the bay windows and antique arm chairs sat in the corners. One had a sturdy footstool in front and she guessed that was Rex's chair. How sexy she mused. A real man's chair; really fit for a king!

Rex looked at the slumped dozing man on the couch. He seemed like a big deflated hot air balloon.

"Lorna, what the fuck are we doing? Are we supposed to house him all night? We are stuck with him. We don't even know his name" Rex said in a disconsolate tone and his green eyes looked rather bloodshot in the lamplight Lorna noted. 

"Sit down in your chair, Rex. Relax. I'll fix a snack. It's just after 9 PM. Here I'll look in his wallet and see what his name is." Lorna quickly bent and rummaged in the man's cheap suit pocket. A gurgled giggle erupted from the chubby body but nothing else. 

Lorna produced an old leather wallet. Pulled a driver's ID out and read sagely from what she saw.

"Tyrone Barron is his name and he lives miles away. He obviously was on the wrong underground line. He's 67. Pity he still works. Money must be tight. Poor old thing really." Lorna said as she slipped the wallet back inside his suit coat pocket.

Rex pulled off his suit coat and undid a few shirt buttons with a few quick hand flicks. His large fit body collapsed into his favourite arm chair and he seemed totally shattered. He kicked off his black leather loafers and placed his two rather moist socked feet atop the lovely brocaded footstool. Lorna looked on with great pleasure. Her man she mused, her man!

"I'll pop out into your nice kitchen in the back and put together a snack." Lorna said smoothing her hair back into place.

Rex looked shocked. His mussed red hair sticking up in all directions as he sat upright in his comfy chair to speak to the backside of Lorna as she launched into the kitchen door.

"You don't know your way around my kitchen. Let me do it." He croaked with exasperation.

Lorna said causally as she moved away.

"I'll need to get to know it. I'll be here lots. Just relax." 

Rex lay back and wondered exactly what she meant about being here lots. He liked it and it scared him as well. Just what would it all mean? His mind raced and he closed his eyes and tried to relax after such an eventful evening at Ray and Phil's place. He felt his body begin to ease and soon with the sound of drunken Tyrone snoring softly on the couch, Rex too drifted off into sleep. His socked feet began twitching gently on the stool as he fully relaxed and unwound.

Lorna could not stop rubbing her crotch through her skirt as she looked about the kitchen and began to assemble a snack. Her mind was ablaze with ideas. She now had Rex's house keys, she had a desire to really show him off this coming Halloween which was only just days away and she had tonight to do something outrageously sexy with her two exhausted playmates in the other room. She almost sang in glee as she worked on the brightly lit counter surfaces of Rex's high-tech kitchen.

As she hunted for items to eat, she had a very good rummage around Rex's space. She opened drawers and cupboards. He had excellent taste and only the best kitchen gadgets. 

Near the phone on the kitchen work surface she found a small leather diary for the year and looked carefully over the months to come until December 31. Grabbing a small scrap of paper from a drawer, she vigilantly noted all social engagements and the dates. She also wrote down phone numbers and addresses. She was not going to let Rex out of her sight if she could help it. She pushed the note paper in her skirt pocket for safe keeping. 

***********************

Lorna had amassed a collection of items including cheese on toast, green salad and some rather lush looking baked beans with mini sausages. She poured three large glasses of German beer and made her way out into the front room balancing a tray filled to overflowing.

Seeing her two sleeping men made her smile. They both looked so different. Rex was stylish, young and handsomely fit and Tyrone looked older, haggard and used up. What a pair she mused to herself. The next few hours were crucial and worth really using wisely. The question remained as to exactly what she should do to them. Her mind raced with ideas!

She carefully placed the tray on the sleek wooden coffee table and the appealing aroma of food obviously roused the slumbering Tyrone's hungry tummy into life. Tyron's chubby form began to move on the couch and his eyes slowly opened. His rather shapeless body lurched upwards and he sat bleary-eyed on the couch as would a ravenous dog at his dinner bowl.

"Who are you again?" He asked this in a rather confused tone.

"Lorna and Rex, we met you on the train...remember?" Lorna said kneeling beside the coffee table and staring intently at this newly awakened frumpy soul.

"Shit. Yes, I do remember. You are the kooky broad snapping photos of me doing stuff to his dick." He said in a rather sour tone.

"Now keep your voice down. Don't wake Rex. He's had a big night. You want to make some cash. You look like you could use it. I'll pay you fifty pounds to finish what you began on the train." Lorna whispered confidently and prayed she had that much ready cash her bag. She thought she did anyway.

Tyrone blinked his eyes and rubbed them with a stubby set of fingers.

"I am not really gay. I have fooled around with guys; woke up in a drunken haze with a few unknown men in my life. But I am not gay!" He whispered assuredly.

"Got it. That's fine, Tyrone. I did look in your wallet and find your name and address. That was just to see who you were and we needed to know in case you really did pass out on us. But here, eat and drink. And then you give Rex a great blow job while I photograph it. I promise to crop out your face. No worries!" Lorna said waving invitingly at the tray.

Hungry Tyrone leapt at the food and began to eat as if he'd not eaten in days. All the while, Rex sat snoozing peacefully in his chair like a king. Lorna smiled and nibbled a few goodies but her mind was on Rex and getting him nude again! The plan unfolded in her thoughts like magic. She was sure dear Tyrone would play along. She counted on it!

***************************

"Wake up sleepy head!" Lorna's playful voice crooned as Rex felt a finger tickle his right socked big toe.

Rex sat up and starred at Lorna who knelt by his footstool and looked rather provocative.

She knelt, blouse buttons undone and one sizable breast revealed; her bra had been lowered as if by force. Rex blinked and smiled.

"What's going on? Where's that drunken guy? And what are you doing with..." Rex's many questions were cut short but Lorna's silky tones.

"Hush, Rex. Too many questions at one time! Our guest is not here. You need to eat and I made a few nibbles for you on the tray. And I thought you'd enjoy my bared breast as a little appetizer."

Her hand moved to her shapely breast and she tweaked her own nipple all the while gazing at Rex's wide open green eyes.

He moved forward on his chair and reached to touch her and she quickly withdrew her body.

"Bloody tease! You never let me touch you. But I like the view." He moved and grasped the tray and moved it to his end of the coffee table. 

"I am starving. You did well in my kitchen. Very well." He said in between mouthfuls and a good swig of the beer. 

Lorna still kneeling, but at a safe distance, continued to massage her breast and watch her man.

The nipple now was tight and aroused; Rex noted the changes as he munched and swallowed.

"You did a great job on the supper. Now if Tyrone is gone, why not come upstairs. Let's end this great night in my room!" Rex said swigging away the last of the beer. His lips could not conceal the smile that grew wide with pleasant anticipation.

"What about my rule? I am a voyeur. We have not established any physical contact between us in any way...remember my dear? I am the boss, you do as I say?" Lorna said working her tit with pinching and squeezing motions that made Rex very erect inside his trousers. 

"Fuck the rules! Come on, let's play. Stay with me tonight. It's getting too late for you to go anyway. Come on. Join me." Rex said this in his slightly woozy tone. The powerful German beer and his exhaustion from the wonderful evening just made him feel so strangely high and very horny. 

He rose up, all six feet of manly perfection, and he quietly mounted the stairs toward his bedroom above. His socked toes barely touching the carpeted steps as he moved upward; his arm outstretched beckoning Lorna to follow along behind.

Lorna, with her handy digital camera tucked inside her ample skirt pocket, slowly followed him as he tried this method of seduction. A method doomed to fail but she wanted him to think otherwise at this crucial point.

"Rex, wait." Lorna said gliding up to him at the top of the dark staircase. In the dark she wrapped her smaller form around his muscular frame; her breast nuzzling his chest delightfully.

Rex moved to switch on the upstairs hall light but Lorna grabbed his hand.

"Wait I said. Don't ruin this moment with light. Enjoy the dark. You want me?" She breathed in his lowered ear as he rested his weary head on her shoulder. 

"I have wanted you like this ever since we met. Come on, come in my bedroom." He sighed and pulled her arm gently toward his closed bedroom door.

They joined again at the bedroom door in a bodily embrace; Lorna allowed her exposed breast to find Rex's face. His mouth dove over the pert nipple and he suckled happily yet all too briefly. He sighed heavily as she yet again pulled back out of his reach.

"Not yet! Rex, I am the boss here!" She scolded as Rex pushed open the dark bedroom door and pulled her along. 

"Get naked." Rex coaxed. 

"NO. You are the one who is getting naked." She taunted in a slightly arrogant tone.

The bedside lamp came to life and illuminated the handsome manly bedroom chamber with its small adjoining bathroom. The large bed loomed behind Rex as he stood in the dim lamp light that Lorna had just switched on.

"Shall I shut the curtains?" He asked carefully with his tousled red hair almost covering his forehead completely.

"Never. I want you seen! Seen by all!" Lorna said as her blue eyes flashed a serious look that said she meant business.

Rex stood on his moist socked feet and waited. Lorna stepped forward and began. Her hands were strong and he movements purposeful. She lashed out and pulled apart the dress shirt, the buttons nearly popping off as she ripped it from him. He stood topless. He felt vulnerable. His belt and trousers came next; she pulled them down to his ankles and then pushed him back onto the bed. He fell with thud and bounced on the mattress with a slight smile upon his handsome face. 

Rex's uncut cock was growing hard and long before Lorna's eyes. The lack of the mysterious missing underwear allowing perfect freedom of his manhood as it swelled upon his fuzzy belly. Lorna bent and yanked the trousers away and Rex lay nude in just his sexy blue OTC socks. The near sheer fabric of the sweaty socks almost allowing his tender foot flesh to be seen by Lorna as she surveyed her man!

Lorna's cunt ached. How easy it would be to fuck him now. But that was not the plan, not yet anyway.

Rex laid waiting. His body slightly propped up on his pillows. His handsome manly face had an expression of anticipation written all over it. 

"You want me? You want this?" Lorna said poking her breast with a tentative fingertip.

Rex moaned and nodded. "Come to me." His cock bounced playfully on his tummy.

Lorna reached down and stroked his warm socked foot.

"I know you want to fuck me. You want that cock in me." She crooned playfully. 

Rex's hand moved down and he massaged his meat-stick allowing the foreskin to ride up and down seductively. His rusty-golden haired ball sack tightened up and looked ready to produce a healthy cum shot.

"Come and taste me." Rex tempted as he waggled his cock at her.

Lorna laughed and pulled out her camera from her skirt pocket.

"OK, you want to be tasted. Then you shall be." Lorna raised her camera and snapped a horrified Rex's expression as Tyrone popped in from the en-suite bathroom's dark interior.

The drunken older bloke rolled in holding the doorframe for support so as not to topple over. 

"Surprise, Sexy Man!" The balding chubby guy chirped as he nearly fell on the bed.

Still dressed in his frumpy suit, he lay atop Rex's outstretched legs like a hound dog happy to see his master. Lorna snapped away.

Rex utterly speechless cried out. "You said he was gone." 

"You thought he was gone, Rex. I meant he was not downstairs. He was up here and waiting for you. He wants to finish the blow job he started on the train earlier. We can't leave you tonight without another good orgasm. Right?" Lorna said snapping a photo of Tyrone eagerly massaging Rex's muscular thigh as if it were Aladdin's lamp and a genie might pop out.

Rex closed his eyes in frustration. "Lorna, you win. You always win!"

"OK, Tyrone. Use your big blubbery gob and finish what you began." Lorna said commandingly.

Tyrone let out a drunken whoop and fell face first upon Rex's quivering erection. 

His bald head bounced up and down as he grasped Rex's thick cock-base with one chubby hand. 

Rex sighed and rolled his head back and forth. "Damn he's good!" 

Tyrone lifted his big mouth off Rex's plump juicy, delightfully purplish cock-knob and announced a finding.

"SHIT! His cock is bigger than I realised on the train. It's much bigger and tastier than I ever expected!" 

Lorna snapped again and got a great shot of Tyrone's gapping mouth gobbling the glistening cock-knob like a hungry savage. Rex wiggled his socked toes and rolled his hips to the mouth pummelling he was receiving from this tipsy stranger. Rex was not going to argue with pleasure and loved the fact MILF Lorna arranged it all for her viewing pleasure. How sexy was that!

Rex felt his cock pulsing and raging as if he'd never had a blow job before. Maybe, he wondered privately, was this the best one so far? Maybe it was! The way unique way Tyrone's big fleshy lips massaged the entire surface area of his throbbing cock was simply outrageous. Those lips of his were so moist and skilled! Rex was in sheer ecstasy. 

Lorna shouted, "Get that other hand busy."

Tyrone, wanting to earn his cash, moved his free hand from Rex's warm thigh and placed it on the furry space under his tight ball sack. He rubbed Rex playfully there and then quickly wet his meaty fingers with spit, and rolled them downward to the tender pink ass bud. Rex's legs spread wider as Tyrone allowed his bodily weight to shift so he lay more on the bed than on poor Rex. 

Rex's ass opened wide as moist fat fingers wormed and worked into his hungry hole. The added ass play made Rex's orgasm seem nearly on hand. The way Tyrone fingered him was pure magic. Two big fingers fucked him like mini-cocks and he found his ass totally relaxing as the once tight muscles responded instinctively to his touch. The guy was drunk and yet could work Rex's body like a pro! Rex was in awe of this stranger now.
