 I am a 44 year old "secretly" bisexual male. I say secretly in that only a few of my very very close friends along with my girlfriend are aware of this fact. After reading numerous stories on this site, some fiction, some not, I thought that I would relate several real experiences that have happened to me over the years as I have explored this side of my sexuality. I guess the best place to start is by writing about the first experience where I realized that I not only liked women, but also men and more importantly cock.

Currently, I weigh 155lbs. I'm short – 5 feet 5 inches. I am athletic, but have a few pounds that could be shed, though everyone tells me I look great. I've got graying hair, brown eyes and a tanned complexion. I am a bicyclist and soccer player, so I do have strong, muscular legs. They're shaved. Frankly, most of my body is shaved. I don't have a hint of hair on my average 6 inch cock. I suppose it is on the thicker side of average, but lengthwise, it's nothing to scream about compared to some of the wonderful cocks I have encountered. Yet, it's also not the smallest I have encountered either. I've often been told I have a great cock by other men and my girlfriend, so I guess it's fine... just right.... 

My first experience with another man occurred many years ago. I was a senior in high school. I had only turned 18 a couple months prior. At the time, I was on the high school wrestling team, and wrestled the 107lb weight class. Truth be told, I was somewhat of a great wrestler, but had to work hard to "make the weight" at each meet. One of the ways in which I kept the weight down was by drinking less liquid the day before a wrestling meet and going to a sauna at a local condominium complex and sweating off some water weight. 

The sauna at the complex was actually rather small. The building in which it was located was comprised of two rooms, one with a shower and shelving to place belongings and the other, the sauna itself. The sauna was a cedar lined room about 5 feet by 8 feet, with a two tiered bench set up running the length of one wall. In one corner, was the heating system, a small rectangular box stacked with rock. A door separated the rooms and had a little window in it.

Normally, the sauna was empty and I would strip down to a pair of shorts and sit with a towel draped over my head and try to lose myself in thought for about 20 minutes while the sweat dripped off of my body. On this particular occasion, as I entered the sauna, I noticed a taller male in the shower, but thought nothing of it. I took off my shirt, shoes and socks, put them on the shelf and entered the sauna. I sat on the lower bench close to the wall farthest away from the rocks, put the towel over my head and began to perspire. A minute or so later, I heard the door to the sauna open and sensed someone entering the room. I figured it was the guy that was in the shower, and didn't look up from under the towel.

It was the guy from the shower and he started talking to me. "Hello there," he said. "Nice day for a sweat." I nodded in agreement, but didn't respond verbally. "I'm John," he stated. Great, a talker, I thought to myself. I responded as I looked up, "I'm . . . S..S..Sam," I stammered when I noticed that he was standing there naked with his cock nearly level to my chin, not more than a foot away from me. He was dripping wet from the shower and I averted my gaze quickly, but not before getting a look at his cock. It was clearly bigger and thicker than mine and was semi erect. He sensed my surprise when I glanced away and told me that the best way to enjoy the sauna was to take a shower first. 

He had a nice trim body and was tanned. In that fleeting moment before I glanced away, I noticed he did not have any tan lines. He was probably 5 or 6 inches taller than me, had a five o'clock "Miami Vice" shadow as was all the rage back then and a big smile. He was good looking.

He asked what I was doing there, as he had never seen me around the complex and wondered if I lived there. He was quick to point out that he didn't care if I lived there or not, he wasn't going to ask me to leave if I didn't belong. He was just curious. I explained my pre-match ritual of sweating out a pound or so of water weight the day before my wrestling meet so I could make weight. He sat at the other end of the bench on the upper level facing me with one leg straightened out across the top bench and the other on leg bent at the knee with his foot resting on the lower bench. This, of course, gave me a clear view of his cock if I looked in his direction, and I got the distinct impression he wanted me to. 

He spoke with a masculine friendly voice, and said, "You should go take a shower. It will really help you sweat." I thought that it was strange, but did as he asked, thinking that if it worked, I'd be done and out of there in no time. 

I went and took a shower, but left my shorts on. When I returned to the sauna, John was resting his head up against the wall, slightly upturned and away from me.  I stole another glance at him and his cock was still semi erect. My eyes lingered on it for a moment and I got an excited feeling in my stomach, and felt my cock tingle. Just then as I began to sit down, John looked towards me, and I knew he had seen me staring at his cock. He smiled and said, "Not like that." I asked what he meant and he gestured at me and said, "not with your shorts on." He told me I would sweat more without them.

I nearly froze and gave a quick thought of just getting out of there. But I didn't, even though I knew he was full of shit and clearly wanted to see me naked. Instead, I slipped my shorts off, a little embarrassed because my cock was starting to stir. What I did next surprised me even more. I went back to where I was sitting against the other wall, but instead of putting the towel over my head, I sat facing him on the lower bench with my legs arranged the way he had his, giving him a view of my cock, which was still growing. The way I was sitting also allowed me to look at his cock, which strangely enough, I really wanted to do. I was very nervous, but so excited as well.

I nonchalantly dropped my left arm to my crotch to cover myself as I didn't want him to see my cock getting hard. My heart was racing and my mind as well. I couldn't understand why I was becoming so aroused. I couldn't fathom why seeing another man naked was causing me to become so excited. But I was definitely excited. His cock was very hard at this point and he was slowly rubbing it. He said that the sauna turned him on and asked if I was turned on. I mumbled in the negative and shut my eyes, continuing to try and cover my cock, which for whatever reason became instantly rigid the moment he asked me if I was tuned on. Clearly, despite my response, the way my cock was reacting told him I was lying. He told me I had a very nice body and I thanked him.

He then told me that I had a very nice cock and my girlfriend must love it. I didn't say anything. He asked me if being in the sauna made me want to jack off. My eyes shot open and I looked at him as I said that I had never thought about it before. His cock was really hard and swollen and he was stroking it, but still slowly. It was thicker than mine, but actually maybe only an inch longer. It sure looked much bigger. I thought what it would feel like to touch it. 

He told me he had jacked off in the sauna before when he was alone. I think he wanted to see what I would say or do. I had the feeling that he was gauging the situation and wondering how far he could take it with me.  He became quiet and sat there slowly stroking his beautiful cock. I couldn't believe that I was thinking like that, but I was. It was beautiful and as I looked at it my cock was as rigid as it was the night I lost my virginity, and ever y time after when I was with a girl up to that point. 

Thoughts swirled in my head and I closed my eyes and again surprised myself by beginning to slowly stroke my cock like John was stroking his. I couldn't believe I was doing it, but I was and I was doing it for another guy. I was so excited. I thought my heart would burst it was beating so fast. I kept my eyes closed. I could sense John shifting position and looked up. He had moved closer and had moved so he was facing the door and could look out the small window. He looked out the window as he sat and put his legs onto the lower level taking care not to step on m outstretched leg. I didn't move. My heart skipped a beat wondering what would happen next. I looked up at him, but he was silent. I looked toward his crotch and my view of his cock was partially obstructed by his right leg. 

He saw me looking and shifted a little so he could put his right leg back up on the upper level. I couldn't believe what I was doing, or rather not doing. Instead of running out of there, I was letting him know with my eyes that I wanted to look at his cock and wanted to watch him stoke it. I could see him grinning out of the corner of my eye and knew he liked me looking at him. I couldn't take my eyes off his wonderful cock and sensing that I wanted him to jack off, he asked me if I liked his cock. I didn't know what to say. So I stammered that I had a girlfriend, even as he leaned over and looked at my cock as if to say, you might have a girlfriend, but your cock is telling me you like this....

And I did. Without saying a word, he started stroking his cock again, this time a little faster. Looking up at him from my position, his cock was about two feet from my face and it was all I could do not to reach up and touch it. If he asked, I would have. At that point, I would have done whatever he asked without question. If he would have asked me to come back to his condo, I would have followed him willingly. Heck, if he would have asked me to suck his cock right there, I would have stuffed it in my mouth in an instant. If he would have asked to stroke my cock, or suck my cock, I would have gladly let him. 

But he didn't say a word. Pre-cum was oozing from my cock and I was glad I was sweating all over. I'm sure he could tell though. I could see pre-cum oozing from his cock as well. It was surreal. I was so horny and in a daze. My heart was continuing to pound at a rapid pace and I was waiting with baited breath for him to make the next move. I was silently begging him to make the next move. But he didn't. Instead, he slowly got up gazed up and down my body, let his eyes linger on my cock and said he had to go. He had yet to cum, but was leaving.

To this day, I'm not sure if he was hoping I would have asked if I could come to his condo, but I never said a word other than goodbye. After he left, I got up so I could look out the window of the door and I began to stroke m cock feverishly. In what seemed like seconds I shot what up to that point, was one of the biggest loads I hadever shot. My cock just gushed several globs of cum that hit the door and slowly oozed down. My body shook and spasmed from an incredible orgasm. I was nearly breathless, but I quickly got dressed in the other room and opened the door to leave the building, nearly hitting John, who was returning for some reason. I brushed past him as he said that he left something. Geez, if I had only waited a minute more, he would have caught me in mid orgasm I thought as I kept walking towards the bike rack where I had locked my bike. 

As I was getting on my bike to leave, John emerged and said with a grin that I had left quite a lot of something behind as well. I guiltily rode away and didn't answer him when he asked if I would be back before my meet the following week. I'd like to lie to you and make this story more interesting by telling you that I did go back the next week and went to his apartment and sucked his wonderful cock and let him work his big shaft into my ass, but I won't. If I hear positive feedback from you, I will write about my next encounter that did not occur until 8 years later at my bachelor party a week before I got married.