 Magic filled the room when Isadora opened the music box: Hec stopped his rummaging through his dresser drawers looking for his magnifying glass, and I quit my searching through the closet. The tiny bells and the tiny drum sticks played the delicate melody. Everyone stood, silently listening. I'd never recognized the melody before, but Hec did. 

"Chopin," he whispered. "Interesting that the music box chose to play now."

"Why is that?" Isadora asked.

"You don't play it-- it plays you," Hec observed.

I'd poked my head out of the closet door; Jorge had Linden pinned to the bed panting and grinding into him while nibbling on his neck. Looked like their argument was over.

The bed tumble didn't get past Hec either. "That's not quite what I had in mind when I told you two to inspect the bed," he kidded as he found the magnifying glass and held it in triumph over his head. 

"Gosh," Linden said, "the bed got the better of us."

"Or the music box," I added. "It's like a melodic aphrodisiac."

"Just how much sleep do you get in this thing?" Linden asked me, eyeing another position over Jorge's shoulder.

"Well, we get plenty of..." I started to answer.

"I don't need to hear this--" Kate said, hands flailing above her head.

"Just saying that we get plenty of sleep--" I smirked, "afterward."

"Yeah, but bed has that effect, too" Hec cut in. "Kind of brings out the animal in you, and the way Jorge was sucking on Linden's neck, I thought he was a bat or maybe a vampire." God, what an image: Jorge as the vampire Lestat made more sense to me than Tom Cruise or Stuart Townsend. Jorge would make for a really hot undead creature of the night. And Linden as a victim? Yummy. 

The sensual images of Linden and Jorge transformed into new fantasies with a few of Hec as a shadowed vampire lord having his way with me on that same bed. I was in my little own world where Hec pressed against me in a vampiric embrace when I realized that I must have been staring at Linden and Jorge because they were giving me the oddest look. They both smiled slyly at me, then rolled apart, and Jorge raised his eyebrow as Linden coughed. I worried if they'd noticed Mr. Happy. And Hec? He didn't notice. He seemed to be caught up in Chopin, but I don't think he was having similar fantasies of us together because he-- Completely. Missed. Mr. Happy. Damn.

Linden noticed. I blushed and so did he. Jorge was too interested in the smell of Linden's neck.

Still the music box played on. 

"That's beautiful," Linden said, changing the subject, eyes darting away from my crotch. "What is it?"

"Nocturne No. 2 by Chopin," Hec said, tossing Linden the magnifying glass. 

Linden picked up the eyeglass off the bed, then got up on his knees and crawled to its head and systematically began studying the carvings. He looked like a nearsighted Sherlock Holmes as he searched for details, starting with number one. Jorge crept up behind him and watched, chin on his shoulder. Then Linden went to the second frame.

"Nocturne No. 2... Panel num-m-m-ber 2," I hummed absently. "Num-m-mber two-o-o is go-o-ood."

"Why hadn't I thought of that before!" Hec said excitedly. Yes! Hec loved number two, too! Well, not that number two. Panel number two. And so did Linden-- he was looking at panel two. I was glad to see that everyone had that same enthusiasm. Then it occurred to me what Hec was really talking about.

The bed. 

And Linden was looking at two. 

Two.

Hec jumped on the bed with Linden and Jorge. Images of the three, kissing and fucking and sucking danced before my eyes. 

Now that was hot. Down, Mr. Happy!

"You're right, these are constellations," Linden said, pointing and moving the eyeglass to get a closer look. "Panel number three has Orion in the background. These others are more difficult to make out."

I jumped on the bed behind them, trying to keep my mind on solving the mystery and not on my libido. "I know panel two," I said immediately. "It's Gemini! The twins? Duh!"

The mattress sank. "Twin brothers, Castor and Pollux, reunited in the heavens forever," Isadora said, behind us. Kate and Char joined us. I guess this was a real family bed. "They were called the Sons of Zeus although they had different fathers. Leda was the mother of them both. Zeus was the father of Pollux. Zeus came to Leda as a swan."

"Having sex with a swan sounds complicated," I said.

"I always wondered about all that too," Hec said. "Sex with a bull is odd, but a bird?" 

"I wonder if it used its bill?" Char said, blushing deep red.

"Pollux was immortal since he was the son of Zeus," Jorge explained, "but Castor wasn't since he was the son of Tyndareus, who was the King of Sparta."

"They were Helen's brothers! Helen of Troy! Troy!" Char said, "I love that movie."

Hec shook his head. "You just love Orlando Bloom."

"Don't we all," said Linden, rolling his eyes. "Ouch!" Linden rubbed his side where Jorge jabbed him. 

"They were Argonauts, too," Jorge continued. "I remember that. And don't sailors say that St. Elmo's Fire is the brothers' protective spirit?"

"Yes," Isadora acknowledged. "But what's important was their fate. Castor was killed in a squabble over love. Castor and Pollux became smitten with two desirable sisters who were betrothed to two other brothers, who happened to be the sons of Poseidon. They fought each other over the women, and Castor became mortally wounded; Pollux fell into a deep depression afterward; he wanted to take his own life to be with Castor but could not, being immortal. Pollux begged his father, Zeus to let him die and be with his brother. Finally, Zeus relented, and placed them in the sky together forever, but it had a price: they could not live in Olympus. They had to go between Hades and Olympus for all of eternity."

"Hmm, gay lovers? Sounds like more than brotherly love to me," I commented. 

"That's been suggested," Jorge nodded.

"Under and over. Top, bottom. I wonder..." Hec said, climbing off the bed. "Hand me that flashlight,." he said, pointing to it. I grabbed it and handed it to him, then he flicked it on and climbed under the bed. He looked goofy: all I could see were his silly his big toe sticking out of his wool socks as his wriggled around under there. I should have bought him new ones for Christmas. "Always knew there was stuff carved into the bottom of this thing but never thought much of it," then he mumbled something about Hades.

I leaned over the side, my head upside down, and looked under to see what he was up to. I watched as Hec bumped and fumbled around underneath. There was at least a good two feet of room from floor to bottom of the bed. Hec swung the flashlight and the beam shifted all over in short shots, exposing the dust bunnies, cum crusted Kleenex and gay porn magazines that were strewn around. I understood his reference to the underworld-- it did look a lot like Hades and my head was dipping in the River Styx. He squirmed around like a worm for a while, searching, hands groping the slats and feeling the underbelly of the bed. Finally, the beam of light rested on one spot, and Hec got quiet.

"What is it?" I asked.

"Nothing." Hec shook his head. "Just their initials again and the same constellation, Orion, carved in it. Nothing hidden. No place to hide anything. Must be on top."

He snaked his way out, then Hec put the flashlight under his chin and scaled the end of the bed. We all watched, puzzled as he climbed on top of the canopy. He thumped and bumped around on the top in Olympus.

"What are you looking for?" Kate asked.

He knocked against the bed. "It's hollow here. I'm trying to see." More banging and rattling. Then, silence.

I climbed up. Bumped something hard and--

"Um, Jake? What are you doing?"

"Helping you..."

"Hold the light then--" 

I assisted with the flashlight, illuminating where his hands felt around the edge of the bed. What nice hands...

"I think it slides out," he said. I was fantasizing about things that slip and slide when I heard a loud pop, and then Hec said "shit" under his breath. The board had snapped in half under our weight. We slid off to the side and looked at the damage as I held the light. Hec pulled at the broken board. "I think there's something underneath," he said. We both saw the journals at the same time-- three of them. Hec pulled one out, then rolled onto his back and opened one of the journals carefully. Inside were pages and pages scrawled in Johann's quick hand: his theory, his life's work in three volumes.

"We found them!" I said at last.

The rest of the evening we spent going over Johann's work. Frankly, I didn't understand most of the scientific references, but Jorge and Linden were excited. Jorge said he knew an astrophysicist at Cornell who could help us get them authenticated and published. I was more concerned as to what this meant for Henry's spirit, and I told Isadora as much. She said she still felt his presence-- I told her I hoped he was happy, and she said, yes, he was.

We all decided it was time to get some rest and start out fresh tomorrow. We turned off the lights and headed up the stairs. Linden and Jorge lagged behind, bumping into walls-- most likely making out and making up. Part of me wanted to lag behind and watch the other part of me wanted to give them some privacy. 

We talked awhile longer in the living room, then excused ourselves to bed. It was getting late. We'd just started to settle down for a long winter's nap. Hec had just remade the bed, and I'd fed Pete when a knock came to our door, "Goodnight, Hec," called Linden from the hallway.

Hec called back, "Good night, Linden!" 

Recalling their little romp on our bed earlier in the evening, I took Hec in my arms and sucked on his neck.

"Goodnight, Jake!" Linden and Jorge called back. 

"Goodnight, Jorge!" Hec and I mumbled back. 

I imagined they were about to do some sucking too in their cozy room-- kind of like Dante's Cove meets the Waltons. We heard them pad off down the hallway, then Hec turned to me.

"After all that excitement, think you can take some more?" He winked as he did a seductive little strip tease, then threw back the covers and spread himself out like a rare feast on the nice clean sheets.

I dropped my clothes fast. My shirt, my jeans, and then with lowered lids and my BVDs. He gave me a sweet lopsided grin for my effort.

I stepped lazily up to the bed filled with Hec. He turned his head to watch me, his right arm relaxed across his forehead, and his smile wide now. The bed dipped and swayed as as I climbed aboard. Mr. Happy bounced, eager to see him.

"You look good enough to eat," he said.

I walked on my knees next to Hec, chuckled and grabbed a handful of his curls. I fell on top of him and gave him a sloppy-wet kiss as an answer, grinding my rock-hard dick against his for emphasis.

"You're in a good mood," he said, then he slithered his tongue down my neck, across my chest, and around my navel. I gasped in appreciation as his magical tongue trailed lower, lower, then I moaned in anticipation as he licked around my balls and brushed his thumb against my pucker. God, I love how he teased with his tongue, circling around the head of my dick, then dipping in its dewy slit. I thrashed around at his complete mercy. 

"Roll over." 

I knew what the meant. I rolled over eagerly and felt his tongue trace down my spine, then slip-slide around my asshole.

"God, yes, Hec, eat me," I begged. He proceeded to give my the best rim-job of my life. I whimpered and moaned with delight as he forced his tongue up my ass and started to fuck me with it. I was right on the edge when he stopped. I lifted my head and looked at him, and he shot me his "heap-o-heap a burnin love" look, then flipped me over onto my back and took my cock down his throat in one gulp.

"Ya think Jorge is d-doing this to Linden now?" I stuttered.

Hec flicked his eyes up to me then mumbled, "I bet he is. I bet he's got his big dick down Jorge's throat."

"How do you know it's big?"

"You know what they say about short guys."

"Yeah, I do. What else is he doing to him?"

"Next he's going to get out the lube, like this. Flip the top, squirt it on his fingers like so, then shove 'em up his tight little ass hole." I loved his demonstration and the way Hec smiled as I yelped as he moved his fingers around inside me. "You horny bastard," he said. "You always want more, don't you? I bet you want my cock up your ass now, too."

"Yeah, I do."

"First I'm going to suck you off. Make you come, gushing down my throat."

He did it, fingers still working inside me, playing with my prostrate. He drank me down like I was the last oasis. I came hard in his mouth. God, he was hot.

He flipped me over fast and got me on my knees, his big, hard dick replaced his fingers. He pounded into me as I whimpered under him.

"You need more," he groaned. "I bet Linden does too. I bet he's taking it up the ass just like you are." 

"Yeah," I moaned. "Fuck me, Hec. Fuck me, harder." 

And he did. He buried his dick deep inside me over and over and over. He fucked me hard and long; he rocked the bed, rocked my world. I came again. As my ass clamped down on him, he shot his load.

After we melted into each other and the music box began to play.