 Handsome Rex Davenport soaked his fit six-foot body in a nearly full tub just before having to get ready for work. It was Halloween and this ginger-haired 40 year-old had a fascinating evening ahead of him. This special night had all been suggested and planned by his dear sex mentor Lorna, a hot MILF who had launched herself headlong into his life in just a matter of weeks. The over 60 year-old former college art teacher was a guru in all things sexual and certainly had improved Rex's rather boring sex life into something he just did not know anymore. 

Rex mused as the bubbles tickled his nose about how wonderful it was that he'd bravely answered her ad and became her male muse, her sexual guinea pig and a man to watch unfold like a tropical flower before her very eyes. His uncut cock rose up in the bubbly bath and announced itself with glee at his thoughts of the sexy bossy lady who'd stormed into his mundane life. A life filled with business success in advertising but not much in the bedroom...well, not until recently.

Rex's open-minded sexuality also helped Lorna greatly in setting up various sex play dates as he would allow anyone to do anything to him. And that was so very handy as Lorna was finding out almost daily as things progressed in her work with Rex.

Rex reached into the warm water and stoked his tool gently. His ample foreskin rode up and over his juicy cock-knob like sheer magic. A well-oiled piece of man-meat that all admired he laughed to himself as the pleasure of masturbation washed over him. Damn, he was a horny bugger he mused while stroking and splashing about. 

His sculptured size eleven feet pushed against the en-suite tub's rim of the long porcelain footed bath and his sexy toes wiggled as he worked his more than abundant manhood with skill. His erection was appealingly taut and his girth fit deliciously in his big hand. He felt powerful and alive as his eyes closed now to fully enjoy the sensuousness of this sun dappled morning bath. 

The telltale moans and sighs of sex pleasure did not escape MILF Lorna's more than tuned-in ears. If any sound had to do with her man Rex, then she was all ears! 

Lorna had moved in last night to Rex's spare bedroom for the next three weeks until her new rented home, just across the street practically, was ready. Rex bought her invented sob story about being invaded by rats and needing to leave her once beloved garden level flat in a desirable section of London. Rex was more than happy if not a bit shocked that she'd found a new place so quickly and just across the street on his very street, the quietly Victorian lined Greenvale Terrace. Rex had loved this street for years now and Lorna would as well he hoped. 

Lorna never dreamed Rex was so gullible and almost too easy to control. He was the perfect man to voyeur and secretly manipulate in all things sexual. Rex was a dream for her in all ways possible. The idea of actually having sex with him seemed a step too far but watching him having sex with others or being nude in public situations was like an addictive drug to her. She used her own robust mature body as a way to tempt Rex and make him horny but it was just a tease...for now at least, she mused with a sly smile.

Lorna only brought the basics to Rex's house and all the rest of her furnishings would be moved to her new abode a few doors away in three weeks time. But she did have all she needed to photograph dear Rex and save any digital work she did between now and then. Lorna photographed Rex nude often and now she could everyday while she stayed with him. He was always saying she was the boss and she would do it, hell yes! 

She quickly grabbed her digital camera and worked her silky kimono-style housedress over her naked form. The spare bedroom near Rex's master bedroom was so close to it that hearing him taking a bath was as clear as a bell. She laughed with delight at how easy it was going to be to catch him doing everything. 

Her bare feet nimbly pranced down the short upstairs hallway and stood before Rex's bedroom door. The door was open just a bit and Lorna boldly pushed in. She felt she could, she was his boss now after all!

The big bed lay unmade and the curtains were mostly open which allowed in the warm autumnal morning sunshine. The small adjoining bathroom door was shut. Lorna could still hear delighted moans from within. Her voyeur's heart beat even faster; she loved the idea of catching Rex being sexy!

Rex was still mostly submersed in bubbly water as he stroked away with his eyes tightly shut. His uncut cock protruding in the tub's watery middle like a sleek fleshy flag pole and Rex's hand busily pumping up and down. 

Lorna turned the door handle deftly and the door swung silently open to reveal her naked man treasure. Rex was still blithely unaware of her presence and carried on pleasuring himself as was his morning ritual for many years now. Lorna knew she'd have to measure that classic uncut cock of his someday; it was big but not too big with some healthy girth as well. Bloody perfect she sighed internally.

Lorna held the digital camera up and snapped.

The sudden automatic flash made Rex jump and his eyes popped open with rapid alarm. 

"What the fuck?" He gasped still holding his very erect manhood.

Lorna snapped again and spoke serenely from behind her handy camera.

"I must make the most of my three weeks here, honey. Masturbation is fair game and you are doing the dirty deed. I am capturing the moment for posterity." 

Rex laughed aloud and pushed his cock under the sudsy water.

"Hey, you! Are you done?" Lorna asked with her short hair catching the sunlight from the small bathroom window.

"No. But I really should save myself for tonight. I must say I am a bit nervous about being a sex toy demonstration model. I have never played with ass toys. What if I can't do it?" Rex asked shyly from his reclining position in the tub. He thoughtfully rubbed his sexy large bare feet along the tub rim as he spoke.

Lorna knelt by the tub and grabbed one of his big toes and gave it a little tickle. Rex smiled broadly as he loved being touched anywhere on his sexy body. It felt great to be admired he mused.

"Good idea not to cum this morning. But as far as the gay men's sex toy party tonight, relax and just enjoy the attention. I am sure this Rolf guy will go slowly with you. Phil and Raymond filled him in and he knows you are a newbie to all this. I trust all will go well. Plus it is Halloween...get horny, let go!"

Lorna said smoothly letting her shapely bust catch Rex's eye as she knelt just near the tub's edge.

"I wish you could go. Plus Raymond and Phil said all the guys will be in costume. I might not even know which ones Ray and Phil are. Hell, they would not even let on who they'd be dressed as. It's spooky. Crazy fucking Halloween!" Rex said splashing warm water all around his upper body and face. His rusty golden chest hairs glistened and twinkled in the dappled morning light.

Lorna smiled and rested her chin on the tub edge.

"You need to get on with some sexy times without me. Tonight is just for men. Last time I checked I did not have a cock. Someday I'll let you see what I do have down there." She winked playfully.

Rex's cock jumped up out of the water at the thought of Lorna's pussy.

"You fucking better! What a big sexy assed tease!" He purred as he began to shampoo his short wavy red hair.

**************************

Lorna sat perched on Rex's now tidy big bed. She'd just made it and Rex stood nude staring at her from the bathroom door. His look was one of shock and pleasure mixed.

Lorna, the morning light nearly making her housedress see-thru, looked so sexy to Rex as she yet again snapped a photo of him. His cock reared up like a hungry hound needing feeding.

"You made my bed and seem to take countless photos of me naked. When will you grow tired of me?" Rex said leaning provocatively on the door frame.

"Never, my sweet man! I shall continue to do as I said last night and keep house for you for at least one year to pay you back for letting me live here for these weeks to come. It's the least a sexy old retired lady can do for such a classy chum. Just enjoy it. Plus this place needed a woman's touch; I found a lone black sock behind that small chair this morning. Smelled ripe as could be!" Lorna said pointing to the fabric antique chair tucked in the corner of the bedroom. Secretly she had loved sniffing the discovered manly worn sock as Rex finished his bath just moments ago and had tucked it away in her housedress pocket for safekeeping. 

"I wondered where that sock went after I tossed it one night." Rex said smiling with those green eyes twinkling like jewels.

Lorna snapped another shot. Rex's newly shaven face glowed with his ruddy, healthy complexion.

"I could photograph you all day!" Lorna said smoothing her kimono-style housedress out over her breasts.

Rex watched and his uncut cock began to ooze pre-cum as per its usual routine of arousal. Rex's cock hung in semi-erect glory with his cock-knob just peeping out of his foreskin as the steady drips cascaded toward the carpet. Lorna snapped a close-up and laughed.

"You and that cock! What a pair!" She said shaking her head in sheer amazement. 

Rex did worry that Lorna was taking on too much. Guiding him sexually and also doing weekly housekeeping, it all seemed a huge commitment.

"You sure you want to do all this for me? I really think I should pay you. Seriously, you are amazing!" Rex said thoughtfully while he gently fondled his furry ball-sack with one hand.

"I love being around you. And I can't wait to have my own place just a few doors away. You need your privacy here...although I will be around a great deal. We will have so many sexy play dates and photo sessions to keep you extra horny. Just you wait!" Lorna reminded Rex as she moved to leave the room. 

"Now get dressed for work. Wear some sexy undies for tonight but really you'll be naked in a flash so it probably doesn't matter!" She added with a sly grin as she departed to get some coffee going.

Rex moved about the room and gathered his outfit for the day ahead. He reckoned that he might be stripped off tonight early in the proceedings but he'd still wear one of his best tailored suits, why not? He picked one of his finest and some sexy black business OTC socks, too! The socks were from a great men's store not far from his office and were silky thin and gently ribbed.

He was pleased he'd offered Lorna one of the house key sets he kept in the hall drawer. He doubted she'd use it much after she moved across the street but at least she could get in to do her voluntary weekly cleaning. Rex trusted fully Lorna and felt he'd be able to have her in his life some of the time and still have his privacy when he wanted it. 

He had no idea at all that Lorna had secretly plucked a set of his spare house keys on the night of the visit to Phil and Raymond's. She had no intention of leaving anything to do with Rex to chance.

Sadly, he had no idea just what Lorna had planned for him. His privacy was soon to be nonexistent. Lorna had already got her tech whizz former student, Stan Fillmore, to order all the miniature spy cameras and software. Lorna planned to have Rex's home fully bugged before she moved out and he'd never even suspect it. Keeping an eye and ear on Rex was going to be so easy for our master MILF voyeur!

**********************

Halloween day seemed endless for Rex. The advertising account he was working on was nearly done and certainly not all that creative. It had been a rather dull two week affair and he was pleased to be signing off on it today. 

The knock on his private office door startled him as he sat hunched over his laptop. It was about two in the afternoon and Rex welcomed any distraction.

"Come in." Rex called out.

The charming young man entered the office coyly and looking a tad bit uneasy.

"Mr. Davenport, I am Claude Reeves. I am the new office aide for your floor and I just wanted to introduce myself since this is my first day." The bespectacled mid-20's newbie nervously stated while hardly entering the door. His eyes were glued to sexy Rex!

"Come in, Claude. Please call me Rex. Lovely to meet you. I heard we had a new aide on the floor and that makes about six of you. It does get confusing for us older executives when so many young apprentices are running circles around us." Rex said smiling warmly and reaching his strong hand out to shake Claude's rather delicate one.

"Oh, Mr. Davenport, I mean Rex, you are not old. You are one of the young top executives I have met today. Very fine suit today, by the way. You look great!" Claude stammered as he moved to sit in one of the chairs facing Rex's big desk.

"Flattery my dear Claude, will get you everywhere with me!" Rex said all the while gazing thoughtfully at this cute young man.

The two men chatted about the office, the various accounts Rex had managed this past year and a little about Rex's personal history with the firm. Claude with his rather dainty short frame perched in his seat, sat goggle-eyed as he drank in all that Rex was. Rex knew he had an admirer and maybe even a lovesick toady on his hands. 

Claude shook his blonde short haired head back and forth as he expounded yet again.

"I will never forget this, you spending all this time with me. The other executives all were nice but nobody asked me in and spoke to me like a real person. I know I can learn so much from you about everything." His voice trembled slightly as his smart looking gold framed spectacle lenses seemed to almost steam up.

Rex sat up erect in his seat and smoothed a hand thru his red wavy hair.

"Claude, stick with me. I'll teach you the ropes." Rex's melodic voice virtually purred.

Rex watched Claude's petite bouncy ass as he moved out of his office door. Rex felt he could picture what that ass would look like minus the trousers. He'd never been an office wolf in any way before. Could Claude be a first? Was this a come on? Rex knew it was. He might have had very little real sex experience up until now but he knew a flirt when he met one. Claude was flirting and Rex, much to his own amazement, had flirted right back. 

Rex mused as his cock grew restless inside his tailored suit trousers. Once Lorna was out of his house and into her new home nearby, then he could see if sexy blonde Claude wanted to drop over for a drink some night after work. They could discuss the next big account Rex was soon to begin and then maybe he'd show him around the house. Yes, then they'd see his big bedroom. Claude would love his handsome big, comfy bed. He'd sit on it no doubt. Rex dreamed he'd sit next to him. They bounce playfully on the expensive foam mattress and then fall back on the duvet cover. That silky duvet cover that feels so nice on your naked backside! 

Rex's cock swelled like mad inside his tight underwear now. He knew by tonight at this gay toy party that he'd be ripe for whatever this Rolf had in mind. He also knew that Claude would be invited over to his house ASAP once Lorna had departed the premises. Some things were meant to be private Rex mused with a smile.

Little did he know that with MILF voyeur Lorna around, even down the street in her own home, his privacy was over!

********************

Lorna had a dreadfully dull day waiting until it was time to depart for Phil and Raymond's place to get ready for the party. Her costume had been rented a few days earlier and moved to the guest bedroom wardrobe of Rex's home. He had no idea about what she had planned. The costume was of a jolly Old King Cole with a full beard, a royal robe filled with tummy padding, a black long haired wig with golden crown woven in to it plus a set of rather lovely black tights and boots. 

Lorna knew that Rolf had told the old gents that each person must wear a traditional masquerade facial mask as a way to be even more mysterious. Phil had secured three and she'd get one from them when she changed into her outfit. She had no idea what attire the two old men would find for tonight but she was sure Rex would not know who was who. It was all so perfect. Rex would think she was sitting at his house handing out candy from the dusty plastic pumpkin he'd unearthed the other day. If he only knew the truth she smiled to herself. The trick was on Rex and the treat was all for Lorna!

All the information Rex needed for tonight was carefully jotted down and he had it safely in his breast pocket today as he left for the office. Lorna had been on the ball about that! The Halloween voyeurism bonanza was a dream come true for Lorna and she felt pleasantly pussy-moist all day in great anticipation!

**********************

Rex nearly bolted out of the lift and into the large glass lobby of his advertising firm's office building. He'd checked his appearance in the executive men's room on his floor and he felt satisfied that he looked his best. Halloween had never been very special and he'd never done a costume party before. But for Rex, it was the sex that was most alluring about tonight's gathering. Delightfully, he was to be the main course and that was so hot!

A short but quick ride on the underground proved exciting for the 40 year-old stud. He swore a sexy young lady winked at him as he made his way off the train. He knew he looked good but this was so damn exciting. Maybe everyone around him could sense his manly hormones working overtime! Maybe his erect man-tool showed in his tailored trousers! Who cares he giggled to himself as he dashed up to the street level and into the fading daylight. 

Rex recalled the large expensive flats not far from Waterloo Station from his previous walks around London during his lunch hours. Holding Lorna's handwritten notes, he walked quickly in his black leather lace-up shoes knowing he would make the deadline. The sun had just set and Halloween night was here!

Fit six-foot Rex reached the door to this handsome building on a nice, quiet London side street feeling rather sweaty in his suit coat and dress trousers. He had practically been sprinting along for about two city blocks as he rang the bell to the upper flat just in the nick of time. The door buzzed and Rex walked into a fine entry hall and used the stairs to walk to the upper floor. There he was met by a handsome man dressed as the devil in a skin tight red nylon costume and a mask that covered just his eyes but revealed a strong mouth and a dark goatee on his chin.

"Hello, Rex!" the disguised man said confidently. Rex nodded and smiled since he was a bit out of breath. Rex knew this devil-man was checking out his sexy whole body, head to toes!

"I'm glad you found us. Rolf passed on all the necessary details for tonight I assume. I hope you like my handcrafted Halloween costume. I made it myself!" The devil said in a slightly superior tone.

Rex followed the sexy devil host into the gorgeous flat and the door swung shut behind them. The large ornate living room had become a Halloween haven with black lit candles, gruesome skulls and pumpkins set on the glass topped tables. The windows were covered by heavy velvet drapes firmly blocking out any light from the street below. In the dimly lit room Rex discerned the figures of some twelve or more other men. Each was dressed as one of a variety of characters. Robin Hood and Superman lingered by the punch bowl and a clown, a vampire and the King of Hearts gathered by a ghoulishly grand refreshment table lit by several grinning jack-o-lanterns.

Rex felt out of place in his executive suit while all these guests looked so mysterious and spooky. The partial face masks on each of the guys added greater mystique to the whole affair. A very rotund looking Old King Cole swept by and leered at Rex with a rather sinister expression in his eyes. 
