 Rex smiled warmly and began to obey his apron-clad Nordic bear master. 

Stripping for this hungry appreciative group was becoming so easy, almost second nature! The host devil had made sure the drinks of the guests were not going unfilled. A Spiderman costumed waiter seemed to be eagerly topping all the strong drinks up. The party was ramping higher and Rex could sense it with every passing second.

Playing slowly with the necktie knot using his long fingers seemed to be revving the gay men up like an old car engine. The groans and grunts almost appeared pagan in nature. How wonderfully old Halloween it seemed to Rex; who gently stroked the knot of his tie as if making love to it by the flickering candlelight.

With a few good pulls and twists, the tie knot came free. The men bayed like hounds in the moonlight. Rex's uncut cock raged and shifted inside his tight briefs as he tossed the tie away into the group of masked men to catch; a quick hand snagged it as it sailed through the heavy musky air. The exposed eyes of the men leering and ogling in such a hungry way that made it all so primal and sensuous to Rex's fevered imagination. 

He now bounced on the balls of his feet; he twirled and faced a slightly different way. His eyes rolled and closed as if in some sort of trance. Now he began to undo the lower buttons of his suit coat with great care not to appear too hasty. The guests giggled and chided each other about mysterious lumps in costumes in the crotch area; yes it seemed the men were growing hornier and drunker. 

The temperature of the room was increasing with every purposeful move Rex made!

One guest remained carefully hidden by a large chair so as to conceal the crotch area of the costume "he" was wearing. "He" snapped photos from a safe distance now. Old King Cole was a merry old soul but his fiery clit was merrier and far wetter than anyone in the group really knew. Well, maybe nobody apart from Phil and Raymond but they remained on the opposite side of the room and allowed Old King Cole plenty of elbow room to be the voyeur "he" wanted to be!

The whoops and catcalls as Rex now slipped out of his suit coat were alarmingly loud and might well attract unwanted attention from nearby neighbours. The way he tossed the coat off and into the crowd was pure showmanship. 

Next he swaggered about and bent down, smiling like a cartoon cat; slowly he unlaced his leather shoes and shucked them off under the table. The devil host began snapping photos now with his small digital camera and this made Rex even more erect inside his tight briefs. Rex posed on the lush carpet making slightly lewd gestures and raising his large socked feet in turn to show them off for the lens. Obviously a few foot lovers were in the group since many eager hands seemed to trying to grasp at his sweaty wiggling toes. 

Old King Cole carried on watching and snapping. A hungry look in the eyes of the mask "he "wore would have terrified any nearby party guests. To say the Old King was now obsessed with Rex was really an understatement. Old King Cole was ravenous!

Soon bold Rex was gyrating and slowly easing off his dress shirt. The expensive shirt flew through the air and within moments, the trousers followed to great applause. The men murmured their approval as he was down to just his skimpy black briefs and moist black OTC socks. 

The tall sexy devil host grew hotter inside his outfit, hotter than hell! Hosting this gathering every year for the last ten or so had always been fun he mused, but having the and only Rex Davenport getting nude...well, that was fucking awesome! He'd known of Rex's legendary reputation in the London advertising world and had dreamt of meeting him and now here he was nearly naked and in his home. 

Rex now sat down on the sturdy table, lay back and triumphantly slid his tight briefs off over his raised sock clad feet. The lucky men in front saw his amazingly hot, furry ass crack with his magnificent rusty fuzz covered ball sack hanging just above. Rolf grabbed the warm underwear as they fell forward and said, "I see we all like the assistant tonight and I am certain that he will meet all my requirements as well!"

Digital and phone cameras snapped away as Rex now sat back deliciously nude, legs apart and sculptured socked feet raised. The men jostled and moved to get a good look and seize the photo opportunity of the year!

Rolf privately massaged Rex's warm briefs in his hands as he waited for the clamour to die down a bit. He had no intention of giving Rex back the underwear. Oh, no! He'd sniff those tonight once at home and whack-off a huge load of man-juice!

Rex sat up and began to slide off his right OTC sock when quirky Old King Cole called out, "Leave those on you HOT MAN!!" 

So Rex pulled the sexy sock into place on his calf and lay back with his sweaty socked feet resting on the table and his knees bent so that his willing ass and partially erect uncut cock were fully exposed again to these hot costumed men and this well equipped toy salesman. 

The gathered group applauded and cheered approval to Rex for his impromptu strip routine. Rex lay there and blushed. The heat of the room was overwhelming. He felt giddy but wonderfully alive! A cocktail was pushed into his trembling hand and he eagerly sipped it down. Strong as hell, but worth every drop!

Rex's uncut man-cock lolled as it pleasantly inflated against his fuzzy tummy as he relaxed and sipped his drink. His eager pink cock-knob peeped out from his plentiful foreskin and oozed a few drops of pre-cum languidly. He treasured this moment and loved all the eyes watching him, wanting him! It was an exhibitionist's dream. 

"Shall we start with this first?" Rolf said holding up a large tube of strawberry flavoured lubricant. 

"Mmm, That would be excellent!" Rex said holding up his legs and waving his black socked soles in the air. His fit cyclist's ass was rearing back so that his delicious rosebud was fully visible and ready to be lubricated. 

The host devil and Old King Cole carried on taking photos. Rex's chest heaved and he trembled all over. His swelling cock bobbed with electric charges as it lay upon his muscled abdomen. The night was all he hoped it would be...well, at least so far!

**********************************************

Meanwhile back at the quiet house on Greenvale Terrace, something sinister was taking place.

The house had been left mainly in darkness by Lorna apart from one lamp lit in the corner of the front room. Rex assumed Lorna was home and taking care that no Halloween mischief happened while he was out at the party. But Lorna was gone! And Halloween night was still very much full of surprises!

The plastic pumpkin sat filled with treats all wrapped in a foil on the hall table and many doorbell rings from Trick or Treat lovers had gone unanswered. 

The thin figure shrouded in a dark, soiled hoodie carefully moved to the front steps of Rex's home. The young bedraggled man had been watching for the last hour as unsatisfied Trick or Treat guests came and went empty handed. He'd been hiding behind a short hedge across the street and silently watching...waiting! He knew the house was empty. He was sure now. 

The young man was prepared to break the lock but as he approached the wooden front door he noted something that made him smile. The door was not quite secured and with a little shove, the door creaked open. Smitten MILF Lorna, in her horny haste, had not secured the front door. And on this bewitching night of all!

The dark figure slipped into the front door and giggled to himself, "Uncle Rex is so foolish to leave his door unlocked on fucking Halloween. What an asshole!"

Seedy nephew Collin gazed about the living room through his thick slightly cracked plastic spectacles. The uncivilized twenty-one year old noted that his successful one and only uncle had very good taste. He had money and money was what Collin craved!

Collin had been sleeping rough now for a week just behind a house down the road. He smelled ripe and his clothes were filthy. His drunken father, Rex's older disowned brother, had beaten him for the last time. Collin had left home and had no intention of returning. Ever! 

Collin was in no doubt why Rex and his parents had given up on his devious, sadistic and ruthless good-for-nothing of a father. Even Collin's mother had bailed out leaving him alone with that drunken layabout. Now locating his long lost uncle was his own secret triumph and he relished in this first step of his little scheme. 

Collin secured the front door behind him by shutting it firmly and then grabbed hungrily at the treats in the plastic grinning pumpkin on the hall table. Too fucking easy he mused to himself as he gobbled the chocolates and tossed the wrappers on the carpet below his old worn muddy shoes. Collin had eaten by stealing and rummaging; now he moved to the rear of the dark house in search of his uncle's kitchen. He envisioned caviar and champagne in spades. He knew his uncle was rich. His drunk of a father seethed with hate over his successful younger brother. His dad always said that Rex lived like a king in London and now Collin was here to find out. 

*******************************

The candles flickered seductively back at the Halloween party.

The costumed guests pushed closer to admire Rex's cute, fuzzy hole as Rolf squeezed the pink jelly onto his gloved finger tips. Rex held his legs even further back so his hole was very accessible to Rolf's long latex clad fingers. Rolf smoothed the jelly all round the outer rosebud, making circles and getting the puckered bud all juicy and shiny. The men watched eagerly and gentle sighs emanated from a few. 

Rex closed his eyes and enjoyed the sensations that Rolf's nimble fingertips created in the highly sensitive flesh around his asshole. The various photo buffs clicked and snapped the ass finger work and got great shots of Rex's open spread butt cheeks. Next Rolf pushed his index finger inside Rex's rosebud and added a spurt of jelly onto the finger as he slid it deep within. 

"A well lubricated hole is essential for fun toy play and you can see that Rex's ass is supple and lubricating nicely,' Rolf explained to his engrossed audience. 

"I shall now insert more fingers to fully loosen him up and get him ready for our selection of gadgets!" With this he placed in two and then three fingers and pushed Rex's asshole open causing a blissful moan to erupt from Rex. The guests watched as Rolf closed and opened the little pink hole using his three fingers and then expanded them inside like a mini umbrella within Rex.

Rex's thin black OTC socked feet waved and flexed above the table as the finger magic sent lovely sensations all through his tired but aroused body.

"How many of you have had a good look inside a healthy anal canal?" Rolf asked.

Heads shook a definite "no" around the group and Rolf addressed the group seriously.

"A speculum for the ass will be our first item for education and pleasure tonight!" Rolf slid his fingers out of Rex and produced a stainless steel speculum from his collection of goodies on the table.

"This has the ambient temperature gained from the air of this room and should not feel too chilly down there," Rolf said as he gently slid the device into Rex's supple moist hole. Next with a gentle squeeze of the handles, Rex's asshole popped open and a dark fleshy cavern was revealed. Using a small flashlight he lit the steel tube up inside Rex.

"Come up and look inside Rex's mature and pleasingly healthy ass. It's very clean for guy who just came from a day's work. I would suggest a full anal douche before toy play in most situations," Rolf said with the air of a professor addressing a room full of students.

Rolf took another long look down inside Rex's gaping ass and added a few pointers. "Note the pleasing pinkish red shade of the anal cavity walls and extra moist mucosa coating that my brief stimulation has brought about!" 

Old King Cole swooped in and snapped a great shot of the speculum insertion and felt a warm wetness growing down in "his" panty crotch. Seeing Rex wide open like this with all these horny men gaping at him made the Old King high as a kite. Voyeurism was a great pastime if not lifeblood itself! 

The horny guests peered at Rex's mature gaping ass and smiled, nodded and tittered with gleeful delight. Rex was on display like a museum piece. A physically fit and artfully sculptured forty year old man specimen to enjoy, explore and relish in! 

The devil host drooled at the site of Rex's moist ass cavern. He knew he'd get a real close look inside Rex Davenport once the party ended and the crowd dispersed. His plan was to ask him to stay and relax for a bit, have a drink, put his sexy feet up...and get fucked or at least rimmed deeply! The devil snapped another shot and smiled!

********************************

Collin left his uncle's glossy wood and tiled kitchen. He'd satiated himself on many scrumptious finds in the fridge and numerous cupboards. Collin had not eaten so well in ages and he felt almost sick from gluttony. Plus a few bottles of some expensive beer to wash it all down had been a sheer delight. Halloween was a night of treats for Collin. But as he mounted the dark stairs to the upper floor, his mind shifted to tricks. Halloween was for tricks, too, Nasty ones!

His father had always said his only brother Rex was a fucking snob. A queer fuck who had too much money and never called, never asked if they needed any money. His father reckoned Rex was a spoiled selfish fucker! He had been brought up to loath an uncle he'd never even met. And now here he was in Uncle Rex's fancy London house and it was Halloween. Collin laughed and spat out a big gooey spit-wad all over the wallpaper on the stairway. 

"Fuck you, Uncle Rex!" Collin roared in a slightly drunken way as he arrived at the upstairs hallway.

A group of shut doors confronted his blurry vision. The expensive beers had been stronger than he'd expected!

"Now what do we have behind door number one?" He said in a high-pitched mimicking voice.

His grubby fist lunged at the doorknob and he pushed open Rex's large master bedroom. 

"What the fuck? Leisure palace of the king fucker, no doubt. Too fucking right!" Collin slurred as he wandered into the streetlamp lit bedroom. He gazed at the big king-size bed and kicked out at it with one grubby work boot. He sensed it was it uncle's bedroom. It had to be! He hoped it was! He felt a tremor and rush as he stood taking in the private sanctum of this man who remained a stranger in his life so far. 

The thought that next occurred to Collin's perverted mind sent chills of perverse delight through his being.

The twenty-one year old possessed the manners of a hoodlum and he grinned at his own vicious thinking.

Yanking his undersized and rather pitiful cock out of his trousers, he shuffled forward and proceeded to piss all over his uncle's duvet covered bed. 

"That'll teach you to ignore your one and only nephew, you fucking ass wipe son of shit bag!" He shouted in the gloomy light as his rank piss soaked one corner of the duvet cover. The acrid smell filled the air and Collin sniffed it with glee.

"Piss on us, Rex Davenport and we'll piss on you!"

The piss flow ebbed and dribbled to a sloppy finish. Collin waggled his uncut cock about to shake off any excess piss. The movement of his hand, the rolling back and forth of his tight foreskin and the manly aura of his uncle's bedroom caused the inevitable to happen. His paltry virginal man-stick began to grow and fill his filthy hand.

"Shit! I don't want a fucking hard-on. Not bloody now!" He grunted while holding his throbbing meat like it was poison.

He knew deep down. He'd always known deep down. He hated what he felt! The very fact he was in his uncle's private bedroom made his twenty-one year old libido go mad. He was drawn to men! Older men in particular. And if his drunken prejudiced dad knew, he'd beat him like a punching bag.

Collin only survived his early life with his abusive father by keeping all this "gay shit" hidden and locked away. Nobody knew. Collin had no intention of coming out. Not to his crappy old man, no way!

And now the fact he'd found his elusive Uncle Rex and was actually in his bedroom...he felt horny as hell. He did not even know what the guy looked like today. He'd seen old photos, nothing up to date. He'd been spying on the house now for days but only caught fleeting glimpses of him and those glimpses made him so sexually aroused. But who the fuck was the older bitch that also seemed to be around. Was she his wife? He prayed not. He wanted his Uncle Rex gay and single. It was all part of his master plan, and deep secret desire.

Collin Davenport was going to be a London success story and he'd need his dear uncle to make that happen! And pissing on his bed was a shitty idea! And the very thought of what he'd just done in his drunken haze nearly made him add puke to the duvet decoration! 

"SHIT! I may hate this guy but hell, Collin...he's your meal ticket!" He shouted to the room in a fit of anger at his own stupidity.

Now a very tipsy Collin began to pull the duvet off the bed and try to salvage it before the piss soaked all the way through. Halloween was going to be a LONG night. He wrenched the inner comforter out of the expensive cover and nearly tore it.

"SHIT!" He roared inside his own head!

Thinking straight was not Collin's strong suit and he let his fucking dad's sibling jealousy cloud his judgement. He knew he'd have to wash this out and find a way to make a proper entrance into his uncle's life...but how? He needed to get his act together and fast. The old bitch lady or his uncle could be home at any minute. 

"Think, Collin! Come on." He groaned flying down the stairs and nearly tripping over the duvet cover he held while trying not to drip his rank piss all over the carpets. His drunken stupor prevented good balance and he just toppled head first into the kitchen, striking the counter edge with a thud. He lay face down and covered in the piss soaked duvet cover. Collin had knocked himself out and he'd not even zipped up his fly!

Much more on the wayXXX DJ and Carol