 Halloween night grew later and more bewitching as each moment passed. The gay party in the chic London flat was reaching new heights of horny debauchery thanks to a very open and eager Rex!

The stunning mature 40 year-old ginger haired stud was laying spread and gaping for all the guests to enjoy. The speculum was truly a miracle and the view deep inside Rex's pink ass cavity was purely fascinating for the crowd who nearly toppled one another to be the first to have a good peep within. 

Nordic bear Rolf stood by encouraging and admiring the handsome six foot advertising executive.

"That's it, come and have a good look inside Rex before I remove the speculum and we use some other goodies I have brought tonight. And remember everything I use this evening is on sale in my exclusive gay men's bookshop. I have cards here with the address; I do hope you'll all take one." The helpful bear extolled in his sexy baritone voice. 

Rex lay on the sturdy table and his sexy green eyes twinkled as the costumed men gathered into a single file line before his open legs! His manly socked feet were held high like two sexy flags announcing he was "open for business".

They each now took turns peering within Rex's personal cavity. Rex was privately thrilled he was so clean down there and happy his ass was so supple and moist. He was so surprised that the metal speculum actually felt comfortable and the way the guys took turns to peek inside him through the steel tube made his uncut cock leak and become harder as it rested on his tummy.

Creepy Old King Cole was the last "man" to stand before Rex's gaping hole and bend in for a long peep. Old King Cole almost looked like he was going to launch into Rex's ass headfirst. 

The odd King rose up but just could not contain himself and bent forward, grabbed one of Rex's sweaty black socked feet and put his nose to it and sniffed long and hard. Rex smiled and enjoyed the tactile sensations and hoped more men would feel free to touch him in this kind of exploratory way. Pansexual Rex loved all physical contact; no limits in him seemed to exist. 

Rolf smiled at the bold costumed guest, "Rex is very open to being touched no doubt but I think he may be better enjoyed after our demonstration session is over. Right Rex?" Rolf chided amiably. 

"True Rolf, very true. I'll be taking email and phone numbers later on, too. I would love a list of hot dates as we go into the dull winter months." Rex said with gusto.

At that quip, Old King Cole rather aggressively pinched one of Rex's juicy ass cheeks with fervour. 

"Ouch!" Rex yelped.

Old King Cole strode away after a snapping another photo of Rex's rather shocked look as he felt the pinch on his sexy tight ass!

The devil host also shot quite a few good pictures of Rex's ass with the speculum inside knowing they would come in very handy someday soon...very handy indeed! The devil host moved away from Rex's ass and smiled broadly as Rex recovered his composure. 

Rolf knelt low and purred in Rex's nearest ear, "Rex, you are doing so well tonight for not having much previous ass play experience. Keep it up, Sexy!" 

Rolf tenderly stroked Rex's left nipple with his strong fingers as he prepared for the next phase of the demonstration. Rex sighed deeply and just took in the wonderful sensations. His nipple grew hard and perky as Rolf's fingers lovingly whirled around the little pink mound. 

Next Rolf deftly slid the speculum out from Rex's juicy hole and held up a thick neon blue dildo with a wire coming from it with a small control box on the other end. One of the aggressive guests grabbed at the used ass-juice coated speculum and spirited it away into the candlelit room. No doubt for a good sniff and possible lick!

"This is Blue Magic and has a vibrating head with multiple settings and even flashes along its nine inches with a light inside for playing in the dark!" Rolf said with glee. 

He then skilfully slid the nine inches quickly inside Rex's still partly open hole once he had put a dab of jelly around the head of the toy. The act was speedy and sharp and Rex did not even flinch! Rolf worked it in and out a few times much to Rex's delight and then gave the control box to a nearby guest dressed as Superman. He gladly took over and switched the flashing light on and moved the speed control up to full.

Rex giggled uncontrollably, then moaned deeply and moved his ass to and fro. Superman held the control box with one hand and began to work the toy in and out of Rex's eager hole so that the flashing rod would vanish deep inside and reappear quickly with each outward pull. Rolf smiled and asked for more guys to have a try.

Several masked guests stepped up and each pushed the toy in and out and buzzed the controls from high to low while Rex rode it like a pro; his ass making gentle sucking sounds as Blue Magic moved through his moist, excited rosebud. 

Old King Cole remained in the rear and carefully snapped photos as each new playmate took a turn on Rex's ass. The King was so wet and moist down below and was dying to use a few fingers on a certain little nub that kept raging like a swollen demon.

Rolf added another tip for the group. "Note the subject is moving his hips with each new rhythm of the guest controlling the dildo. Sexual rhythm is essential in all successful anal play and deep breathing as well. Notice Rex is breathing deeply and allowing himself to vocalize as he feels the need. Rex is not holding back!"

Rex let out a wonderfully melodic sound of pleasure and all eyes were glued to him as his cock began to ooze and bob like a mad thing upon his tummy. Rex was finding out the pleasures of ass play with a room full of horned-up onlookers; an exhibitionist's dream come true!

The camera of the devil snapped away as he watched with keen eyes knowing this was a Halloween to remember thanks to Rex! His thoughts kept drifting to after the party and spending time alone with this legendary stud.

The aroma of Rex's warm ass juice and man-sweat filled the room as the dildo play intensified. All the guests watched Rex's ginger fur encircled ass consume the dildo over and over again...a true pro!! Applause broke out and whoops of approval. He was a star!

************************************

Back at Rex's home, scrawny nephew Collin was drifting between consciousness and eerie blackness as he lay on the kitchen floor partly wrapped in the piss soaked duvet cover. His exposed cock had pissed again all over the floor and the yellow puddle was making its way across the once pristine tile floor. A few drops of blood trickled from a wound on his forehead where he struck the counter an hour earlier. 

The front door was shut but unlocked still. Anyone could have come in. Numerous trick or treat seekers had rung the bell but none had tried the handle. Collin heard all these sounds from some foggy place inside his head. The sensation of being all wet and having a throbbing headache made him feel a steady sense of sickness. He kept trying to wake up but he kept fading away.

The handsome Victorian house was now partially illuminated inside and Lorna would soon realise that something was very wrong. The question was very obvious.

Just what would she do to the scruffy twenty-one year old intruder? 

**************************

Rex lay serenely while an older guy dressed in a toga and mask pushed Blue Magic up inside his now well-plumbed hole. At this point he decided to speak up and said in a clear tone, "I have a secret spot up inside. My limited self-explorative ass fun has resulted in me at least discovering my little happy button, so to speak. It's rather deep but it really makes a difference if I get some stimulation there. I am leaking lots of pre-cum as you can see but try a little more to the left and maybe you will get it just right!"

Toga Man nodded his greyish haired head up and down enthusiastically and quickly manipulated the sex toy a bit this way and that. He bent forward before Rex's wide splayed ass and skilfully worked it deeper, probing carefully and ever incessantly. 

All of a sudden Rex cried out loudly, "Yes, that's it! More!" Toga Man grinned as he continued the toy play and switched the control to high speed to maximize the stimulation to this area of Rex's secret spot. The men watching laughed and commented on the change in Rex's cock. The raging hard-on length and the growing pool of pre-cum on Rex's tummy made for a lively conversation. Rex's sweaty socked feet waved about in the air and made wonderful shadows in the flickering light of the candles.

Rolf held high a new device. "This is our new Wiggle Worm and as you can see it has a nice length combined with many bulges along its entire surface to create stimulation all over the anal cavity walls. It has a control knob here on the base and takes two batteries. The cock head swivels around in varying rhythms and the bulges pulsate as well. Thus we get the Wiggle Worm effect!" Rolf stated still using his professorial salesman's tone of voice. 

Rex pulled his long muscular legs back a bit more with his hands and his hungry, moist ass opened fully as Toga Man pulled out Blue Magic with a final sucking sound through his glistening bright pink rosebud folds.

Toga Man sat down again and Rolf carefully bent and added more lubricant to Rex's supple hole with his gloved fingertip. Next he gently slid Wiggle Worm all the way in. Each raised bulge on its surface vanishing into Rex's hungry hole. Now only the round base was visible. Rolf twisted the control knob and a buzzing sound began to hum inside Rex's ass. The guests smiled and watched with delight to see how Rex would react to this new play toy whirring inside his ass.

"Wonderful! Push it in a bit more!" Rex advised. Rolf obeyed and Rex smiled broadly and his toes began to flex inside his now very sweaty OTC socks, as the device worked feverishly within his ass.

Rolf said, "This toy never fails to locate those secret spots. Does it Rex?" Rex moaned and pushed his ass down on the toy and Rolf held the base firmly so Rex could fuck the toy slowly and enjoy the full effect. The guests watched relishing the sight as each felt arousal within the tight costumes they were wearing. The devil host snapped more shots yet all the while wishing to stroke his dick to orgasm but was just not as bold as his star guest, Rex. 

Rex was the true mature man, the brave bold exhibitionist!

"Rex, shall I invite the guests up to just explore these other toys here and let them have a bit of playtime using your willing body?" Rolf asked in a very knowing tone. He knew Rex wanted to be touched by all and explored thoroughly.

Rex smiled and moaned in a throaty whisper, "Sure. Have fun!"

The costumed gang quickly rose up and Rolf passed round a box of disposable latex gloves which the costumed bunch slid on their eager hands as they encircled Rex who was still happily riding the Wiggle Worm which he was now holding with his right hand. Strawberry flavoured lube was passed around, too and applied to their nervous, eager fingers. Rex released the toy he was using and felt new hands take over holding his now rather tired legs aloft and secured so that he could just lay back and enjoy. 

A couch cushion was lovingly placed under his head and he closed his eyes with a smile. The horny gang of Halloween characters stood all around him and they dutifully held his furry legs open and pulled the buzzing Wiggle Worm out of his juicy hole.

The voices chatted about Rex's mature toned body and fingers touched his rock-hard uncut cock while latex clad fingers played in the pre-cum puddle on his abdomen. Rex felt a new toy slide up inside his ass. This toy was metal and became warm quickly as the vibrations began. Rex felt hands moving up and over his legs and caressing his firm ass cheeks and prodding his fuzzy tight ball sack. 

The guests were enjoying this tactile playtime with Rex's oh-so willing body. Now another new toy was pushed in and switched on. This strange toy beeped and the group laughed as the toy began to buzz and pulsate with louder beeps the longer it was operating. Next the toy produced slight but invigorating electric shocks that sent shivers all up and down Rex's fit body.

Masked faces stood above Rex and watched his every reaction. Rex's eyes wanted to close and just enjoy the many sensations but he loved the admiration in the eyes of these wonderful voyeurs. Several costumed guests rubbed soothingly at his socked feet as they remained held high and he heard a few comment on the delightful scent of his sculptured feet that had spent a day at work toiling and sweating.

Soon a string of plastic beads was inserted deep inside Rex super moist ass by shaky fingers and then pulled out with a burst of energy. Each round ball making Rex's rosebud muscles expand and contract with rapid succession. Rex lazily peeped up and caught a glimpse of his left foot being aggressively grabbed by creepy Old King Cole who greedily began sniffing away at his sweaty socked toes. Rex felt hands rubbing his golden furred chest and making his nipples even harder with little pinches.

"Be seated men. Great to see you exploring but time is nearly up and Rex has been a good sport. He wants to cum now. I can tell!" Rolf said with authority. 

The group let Rex's legs down gently and sat back down in their seats. Rolf let Rex rest his sock clad feet on the table so that his legs were bent at the knees and his ass still wide open. Rolf pulled up a chair in between Rex's legs and sat down with all the gang gathering behind his head to watch him do his "thing". Rolf was the toy man and a skilled male orgasmic therapist. 

The group watched as Rolf worked one, then two and finally three gloved fingers inside Rex's gaping hole. Rex moaned and Rolf pushed and twisted his fingers inside Rex and carefully worked his index finger until Rex called out, "Yes! That's it. Rolf please keep pushing right there!" 

Rex yielded his secret spot over to Rolf's skilled finger work and within moments was groaning with pleasure. The men watched in awe as Rolf used his other large hand to stroke Rex's long perfect uncut cock into a column of shimmering, rock hard flesh. It stood proudly like a rocket sitting on a launch pad of rusty red ringlets of pubic hair; the large ball sack tight and ready for take-off. The way he worked Rex's silky foreskin was pure art. The fiery pink cock-knob kept bursting forth out of its ample skin cocoon over and over. It grew juicer and creamier with each swoosh of the flowing skin upward.

The orgasm built gradually like an ocean swell and when it was finally unleashed, it was huge! Rex shook all over and cum spewed upward and splashed Rolf's forehead and also both of Rex's legs with most landing in a pool on the table just between his open legs. The guests gasped and cheered loudly with claps and whistles. 

The devil and Old King Cole snapped a few last shots and then a towel was tossed at Rex who lay there in a misty haze of blissful exhaustion. The moment had been fantastic for all and would remain a highlight for everyone as they recalled Halloween fun in years to come.

Tousled haired, sweaty Rex finally rose up shakily as Rolf gently guided the nude man into a sitting position.

The jolly applause died away and the guests moved back from the chair cluttered area into the rest of large flat to enjoy more drinks and nibbles as the devil host directed the traffic flow. 

"Great show, you must help me again!" Rolf said with a wink. "Here, take one of my business cards. I would enjoy meeting with you at your earliest convenience for another "free" orgasmic therapy session. If you would be willing? You were so geared up for anal stimulation and exploration, so supple and almost hungry!" 

Rex, still pleasantly erect as he took the card and answered. "Willing? Very willing and very eager! I am open and very supple, highly juicy...and even hungrier than you can imagine! "

Bear-like Rolf lifted Rex off the table to stand on his two shaky socked feet; he kept hold of his waist with one strong arm. They made quite a pair visually, Rex taller and leaner compared to the shorter, older burly bear.

He whispered, "Rex, I must go soon. My aged partner is home alone and I promised not to be too late. He gets very anxious if I am late. But I think I must just spend a few minutes alone with you...to check you for any damages I may have caused tonight. It was your first time with toys; we must be certain you are all safe and sound down there." The sexy bear said casually as he gestured to Rex's shapely ass with his glance downward.

Rex smiled and let Rolf manoeuvre him though the candlelit space with his wonderfully strong arm around his nude middle. Rex liked Rolf and felt very secure and turned-on by his offer of this post demonstration personal care. His oozing uncut cock remained rather swollen and many of the partygoers ogled Rex as he sailed by them. The ginger haired stud was on many minds at that very moment. Many wondered at the fact Rolf almost needed two of his large hands to stroke-off the mature London advertising executive! Rex's personal manly endowment was both a boardroom and bedroom marvel.

The devil host walked up to Rolf and quizzed, "Rolf is Rex OK? Does he need to clean up?"

Rolf nodded and the polite devil host pointed to a closed door and explained it was the guest room with an adjoining bathroom. The horny pair made a beeline for the door.

Old King Cole strode up and blocked the way. A harsh, strained voice called out from the masked face.

"Where the fuck are you two going? A private session perhaps? I am coming with you." The creepy King demanded.

Rex was gobsmacked by the forceful way the odd guest was acting and tried to smile and make light of it but Rolf was not having any monkey business.

"Get lost. Rex needs a wash. You fuck off!" He growled fiercely. 

Old King Cole scuttled off in a huff and Rolf took Rex into the dark room and locked the door behind them.

"I've left all my clothes in the other room with my wallet and phone, too." Rex said in a panic.

Rolf moved close to him in the warm darkness and embraced his naked body with his stocky muscle-bound form. Rolf's strong hands quickly reaching around slender Rex and cupping his tight cycler's ass playfully. The warm commanding feel of Rolf's big hands minus the latex gloves was amazing!

"Relax, our devil host will gather your clothes together. You have your socks on at least! The guy dressed like the devil is a really good guy according to what I have seen since I met him a few years back. I'll introduce you to Dutton Carter in a few minutes and he's probably getting you a list of phone numbers as we speak. You'll have lots of hot dates after tonight, Sexy Rex." Rolf said kissing his cheek delicately as if concerned that Rex may be offended by the act.

Rex was far from offended; he was feeling very much in lust! Rolf's fingers massaged his manly ass cheeks firmly and seductively as they stood embracing in the guest room. Rex's breath came in short gulps. He was becoming very aroused by this private attention...very!

"Now Rex, let's just check you all over and make sure you're fit as a fiddle after all that ass play tonight!" Rolf asserted in his rich bear-like voice. Rex's uncut cock grew like a mighty tree between them and Rex was so proud of his erectile fortitude. His man-flesh soldier was a formidable player in any flesh on flesh combat. Rex was very ready for any tactical manoeuvres Rolf had in mind.

"Shall I start here?" The Nordic bear purred as his thick agile finger moved deeply into Rex's still moist cavity. Rex's silky innards took in the probing bear digit and yielded completely so that he was at Rolf's mercy in every way. 
