 "Johnny, I know you're embarrassed and confused by your feelings, but all I'm asking is for you to do for me what you did for a complete stranger...I'm going to turn off the lamp—sometimes it's easier to find courage in the dark," he said then reached over and flipped off the only light in the room.

He put his arm around me and stroked my shoulders. His other hand massaged my breasts and gently rolled my nipples in his fingers. A shiver ran up and down my spine; my nipples became erect and my penis twitched inside my cotton briefs.

I felt his hot breath in my ear; he kissed my neck, his lips trailed upwards to my cheek, his hand suddenly tilted my head towards his and his warm lips pressed against mine. It was my first kiss with a man—I liked it. His lips were soft and I kissed him back.

I was filled with nervous uncertainty. Being with a man this way went against my upbringing and beliefs. My mind was telling me this was wrong—that this was unnatural—that I should jump up from the couch and get out of the house as fast as possible, but my body enjoyed his attention—I loved having his strong hands caressing me, and I especially liked his hot lips kissing mine.

Richard and I had met five days earlier at the pool for my apartment complex. He was thirty years older than me but he kept himself in great shape. With his dark tan, chiseled chest and his thick mane of silvery hair he looked like a distinguished and successful man.

I watched him swim—he was graceful yet had a powerful stroke and his muscles rippled in the water. I found myself oddly attracted to him. When he climbed out of the pool he dried himself then sat in the chair beside mine. My heart began beating faster—a thin film of perspiration covered my skin. I didn't know why I was reacting like that.

"Hi—you're new here—my name is Richard," he said as he flashed me a big smile.

"Oh...ah, hi..." I stammered, surprised that such an important looking man would introduce himself to me. "I'm John."

We shook hands—my hand was very small inside his.

He made small talk that put me at ease. He drew me out. I explained I'd moved to Florida a few days ago and was now looking for work. I found myself talking more than I normally would with someone I just met. He seemed very charming and sincere.

"Why did you leave your hometown?" He asked. "You're an intelligent boy, and if you don't mind me saying—you're very good-looking, too—you must have left a lot of disappointed girls back there."

My face flushed a deep red. I didn't know how to answer his question. He quickly changed the subject and we talked for over an hour before he said he had to leave. He asked for, and I gave him my cell phone number. For the first time I felt relaxed and contented in my new city. 

He called me the next day and asked if I wanted to have dinner with him. 

"Sure," I said and he gave me directions to his house.

At ten-minutes to five I walked to his house. It was through some bushes about a hundred feet from the swimming pool. It was a small, neat-looking house and I knocked on the door of the screen-in back porch.

He seemed genuinely happy to see me and invited me inside for a glass of wine before we went to dinner. We settled on his couch and our conversation flowed smoothly—it was very easy for me to talk with him.

We had dinner at an expensive steakhouse. More wine, a fabulous meal, and interesting conversation. Afterwards he drove me home; we arranged to meet the following night.

We had dinner at a seafood restaurant next to The Bay. Another great meal; we went to a movie then we stopped at a local bar near where we lived and had a couple drinks before he took me home.

I always offered to help pay for everything but he politely refused my money.

He would say, "Johnny, this was my idea so it's only right that I pay for both of us."

Actually, I was relieved—I didn't have much cash and I hadn't had any luck yet finding a job.

The next night he took me to an Italian restaurant; another fine meal with three bottles of wine. I was feeling the wine when we left. We stopped at another bar I'd never been to and went inside. 

It was so dark inside it took a few seconds for my eyes to adjust and focus. He led me to a small booth and a male server took our drink order. The server was dressed in skimpy gym shorts, like mine, and a cut-off tee shirt. It surprised me. I looked around the club and noticed there weren't any women there. 

"Yes," Richard said, "this is a gay bar—I hope you don't mind."

I blushed and said, "No-no—this is fine."

At some point in our conversation the subject turned to sex. He wondered how many girls I'd been with. I told him I'd had two long-term girlfriends, but we eventually broke-up. 

Then he asked, "Have you ever been intimate with a man or boy?"

My face turned scarlet once again as I stuttered; I averted my eyes from his stare, "No-no-no—I wouldn't do that."

He changed the subject and we had two more drinks before we left the club.

On the drive home it was dark inside the car and I heard him say: "Johnny, I'm very disappointed in you—I know you lied to me in the club—I've gotten to know you quite well and I could tell by your eyes that you lied to me...if you don't want to talk about it—that's fine—just say so, but please don't lie to me, okay?"

The memory of that night filled my head and the shame I felt engulfed me. 

How did he know? I wondered.

"Richard, I'm sorry...I don't know what to say..."

"All you need to say is, yes—I've been intimate with a man but I don't wish to talk about it—or, you can explain to me what happened—you might feel better after talking about it—I'm sure you've never told anyone else."

He was right, I never mentioned that night to anyone. How could I? No one back home would understand. It was a secret I thought I'd never tell anyone. I thought about Richard and how he listened to me and was never judgmental. He never criticized my actions or thoughts. I decided I could tell him what happened—I felt better about it immediately.

"There's a park back home where men would go to meet other men—you know what I mean," I began, "...I got drunk after work one night and on the way home I thought about going there...my girlfriend had dumped me and I felt lonely...the sex with her hadn't been very good and I started to wonder about my masculinity...I'd never really been attracted to guys, but girls didn't seem to do it for me, either...I found myself parking the car at the park and I got out and looked around...I didn't know how these things worked—I mean, what was I supposed to do? Go into the park and wait for someone to approach me? I didn't know...I saw a walking path around a small pond, on the other side of the pond was a building—I guessed it to be the rest rooms...I was getting nervous but I felt as though I had to go through with this...I started walking on the path—slowly...I didn't see anyone anywhere...it was dark, but there were light poles that let me follow the path...out of nowhere—I mean I never saw him until he was standing next to me—was a guy a few years older than me...he didn't look too bad and when he asked if I wanted to walk with him I said "Yes"...now my heart was really pounding hard...after a few seconds he said he had an apartment across the street—would I like to go there and have a beer with him? "Sure," I said..."

I paused and swallowed; my mouth was getting dry.

"Well, we got to his place and he gave me a beer...we sat on his couch not saying anything...finally he asks, "Do you want to play strip poker?" That surprised me—I mean, we both knew why we were there—if he'd just asked me to undress I would have, but, no, we had to go through with this silly charade...anyway, we were both down to our briefs and I lost the next game...he smiled at me and reached over and helped me take off my briefs...then we stood and hugged—he kissed me on the forehead—we hugged again-- then he stripped off his own briefs...his cock was hard—it was the first hard cock outside of my own that I'd ever seen...I waited for him to tell me to touch it, or do something with it but he didn't...he lit up a joint and handed it to me...I'd smoked grass twice in my life and didn't much care for it but I accepted it from him and took a deep drag...he took a drag then gave it back to me...I smoked most of the joint myself...the stuff hit me hard—I was suddenly high as a kite...he led me to the bathroom...he put lubricant on his finger and had me spread my legs...at first his finger felt like a foreign invasion—I didn't like it at all...I clenched my sphincter and he kept telling me to "Relax"...I finally relaxed and his finger entered me all the way...I felt the lube in my hole...he began to finger-fuck my hole...my own cock became hard—he liked that—he laughed...he removed his finger and washed it then he led me to the end of his bed...he had me get onto my hands and knees at the edge of the bed—he stood directly behind me...I spread my legs wider apart for him..."

I paused telling the story again—this is where my sense of disbelief really begins...I was actually going to let a stranger fuck me in the ass.

"Well," I continued, "...I felt him press his cock against my opening—it felt huge—I didn't think he'd be able to get it inside me...he was gentle but persistent—he kept pushing his hips until his cock popped through my anus—I felt more discomfort than pain...I think he had the entire head inside me when I panicked—I suddenly felt full back there—I felt like I needed to take a giant crap—my sphincter fought him—he told me to "Relax" but I couldn't...I told him I couldn't go through with it—would he please stop...I think he groaned with disappointment but he did take it out of me...he sat on the couch with a towel wrapped around his hard-on...I climbed off the bed—he says, "Are you going to leave me like this?" He pointed to his erection...I felt bad for him—I didn't want to be a cock-tease so I sat next to him, pushed his hand away and took hold of his cock through the towel...I started stroking him...I threw the towel on the floor and felt another guy's cock for the first time—I liked it—it was smooth and soft and hard at the same time...I stared at it while I jerked him off...this is the hardest part of the story for me—I was actually waiting for him to tell me to take it in my mouth—I was hoping he'd tell me to suck it—I would have done it, too, but he never said a word...I stroked his cock faster and he began to moan...I had his cock in my hand and watched my movements but it was like I was watching from afar—I wasn't masturbating a strange man—someone else was doing it...his hips began moving with my hand...he cried out and I watched the cum shoot out of his cock—it was fascinating...I couldn't tear my eyes off the white creamy fluid spewing into the air with much of it landing on my hand...he pushed my hand away and his cock went soft...my own cock was hard as a rock but all he said was, "Thanks—it's late—you should leave"...I got dressed and got out of there...when I got home I masturbated to the memory of what had happened—it was the most explosive orgasm I'd ever had..."

We sat in silence--we were almost at my apartment building. 

"Interesting story—I want to thank you for your honesty," Richard finally said.

Before I got out of the car he asked me: "Do you want to play golf tomorrow? I belong to a private club--I think you'll enjoy it."

"I'd love to," I said, "I've only played public courses."

"We'll have fun," he said. "I'll pick you up at eight and we can have some breakfast first, okay?"

"Great," I said.

I had trouble falling asleep. The image of 'that night' came back and I masturbated. When I finished I fell into a deep and satisfying sleep.

Richard was a good golfer—he beat me by eight shots. Afterwards, we loaded the clubs into his car then went into the lounge for a drink. We had two glasses of wine then he announced "It's time to hit the showers."

I felt a little funny about it but I went along and we stripped in the Men's Locker Room. When he saw my string, bikini briefs he smiled and said "Cute". I blushed. 

We wrapped towels around us and went into the showers. He stood under the showerhead beside mine. I went about my business feeling his eyes on me. It didn't bother me in the least. I even felt flattered that he was 'checking me out'.

I was almost done when he said, "Johnny, look at this."

His eyes were looking down so I looked down, too. His cock was hard and he was slowly stroking it. I guessed it to be six-inches long. It looked beautiful. I probably stared at it longer than I should have.

We returned to the lounge afterwards. We had three more glasses of wine and talked the whole time. It was fun and relaxing; he never said anything about my story. He suggested we get some fast-food burgers and go to his place. I said it was a good idea.

It was an especially hot and humid day and when we went into his house the heat was stifling. He switched-on the air conditioning but he said it would take a long time to cool down the house.

"Usually, when it's like this I sit around the house in my boxers, do you mind?" he asked.

"No—not at all," I answered.

I watched him undress to his shorts. I had to admit he had a marvelous body.

He saw me looking at him and smiled. "You know, you might want to do the same—I've already seen your little briefs anyway."

I smiled and nodded and stripped to my underwear. We sat at the dining room table and ate our food and drank more wine.

"Pretty classy, huh?" he said, "...sitting in our underwear eating burgers and drinking red wine—we really know how to live."

I laughed.

We finished the food and moved to the couch. It was getting dark so he turned on a lamp. He moved next to me—our legs touching. He casually put his arm around me. He pulled me closer to him.

I saw the bulge in his boxers. I pictured his hard cock from the shower room. My own penis became semi-erect. 

We gazed into each others' eyes then he said: "Johnny, will you do something for me?"

"Sure--what is it?" I asked.

"I want to feel your hand on my penis—I want you to masturbate me," he said.

I hesitated.

This is where the story began. He turned-off the lamp and took me in his arms and we kissed. I was unsure if I should even be here much less agree to go through with his request.

It was pitch-black inside the house and he released me and I felt him move on the couch. Suddenly I felt his hands tugging at my briefs--it was my moment of truth. This was the point of no return. If I allowed this to happen there would be no turning back. 

The desire and excitement I felt caused my cock to become fully erect. My cock throbbed inside my briefs. My cock had made the decision for me—I lifted my hips and let him strip off my briefs. 

He took my hand and ran it over his cock and balls—it sent a jolt of electricity shooting throughout my body. I took hold of it and slowly stroked it—he groaned. Suddenly, his hand found my erection and squeezed it—I moaned with intense pleasure.

I sat naked next to a grown man and we were playing with each others' cocks and I didn't feel any guilt or shame. This might have been the happiest moment of my life.

We kissed and our tongues explored each others' mouths. I followed his motions—I stroked his cock with the same pressure and speed. When his hand went faster—my hand went faster—when he smeared my pre-cum over my cockhead I smeared his pre-cum over his cockhead.

Our breathing became labored--our kisses more passionate--our hands moved faster and faster. I couldn't believe how wonderful it felt to have his cock in my hand. His groans of pleasure made me want to desperately please him. We were both getting close.

We cried out at the same time. Our hips and bellies jerked and spasmed as our cum shot out of our balls and up through our cocks. His hot cum flew into the air and fell and covered my still-stroking hand. We pumped each other dry. I found his mouth and kissed him hard and long. He kissed me back.

He pressed my cum-soaked hand to my mouth. I didn't hesitate--I tasted his creamy fluid. It was delicious. I cleaned all his cum off my hand. 

When our breathing returned to normal he switched-on the light; we sat and smiled at each other.

Our bellies and thighs were covered in cum. He stood and took my hand. We walked hand-in-hand to the bathroom to clean ourselves.

I gazed adoringly at Richard the whole way. He had a huge smile on his face. 

I understood why I moved a thousand miles from home. I finally accepted who I was and it thrilled me beyond belief.

Richard and Johnny Ch. 01