 The sound of Collin splashing in the tub of the main bathroom just opposite her temporary guest room kept Lorna on edge. She sat, her nude body wrapped loosely in her bathrobe, on her bed looking at her phone and waiting. Why had Phil or Raymond not phoned yet with a report on Rex's whereabouts? She was really getting nervous. Explaining Collin was going to be tricky enough but trying to stay on top of Rex's possible sexual adventures was near impossible without her two helpers keeping an eye on him!

Hearing the beeping tones from the finishing laundry downstairs made me happy, she could at least remake Rex's bed and put all things back as they had been before Collin burst in and nearly destroyed her plans. 

"Collin, you finish up in there while I remake your uncle's bed. Don't take too long and then change into that pair of jogging trousers and old t-shirt top that I laid on the floor!" Lorna called through the closed door. A mumbled reply hit her ears and she moved away and was off to make the bed up.

In no time Rex's master bedroom looked as it had before the pissing event and Lorna switched the light off and closed the door. Collin still had not reappeared but the splashing had ceased and the sound of the hair dryer could now be heard. Lorna moved quickly down the stairs and phoned Phil on her mobile. This waiting was driving her nuts!

The sexy 60 something MILF stood and waited; the phone switched to voicemail. 

"Damn it, where are you? Call me!" The dark, slightly grey haired voyeur said with a bit of rage in her voice.

Collin peeped cautiously down the stairs and moved quietly over each step on his now clean bare feet.

"What should I do?" The twenty-one year old asked gaping at the controlling woman who stood before him. His cracked spectacles looked cheap and nasty to Lorna who surveyed him with disgust.

"You, just sit and shut up. I have no idea where your uncle is or what he is up to. But I will find out!" Lorna snapped as Collin mealy sat upon the couch, his sassy demeanour now gone after that slap of earlier had sent him flying. He knew Lorna was a woman not to be messed with!

The busty MILF with greying dark hair stood and looked at her phone. 

"Shit, I'll have to phone Rex directly. I did not want to have to but I must. Phil and Raymond have let me down." She barked as she found Rex's mobile number in her list of contacts.

"Will he be angry if you call and disturb him? He might be fucking somebody!" Collin said innocently. 

The rage in Lorna's ice blue eyes gave Collin a fright. Would she slap him again?

"If I want your opinion, I'll ask for it. Shut your mouth!" She snarled as she lifted the phone to her ear.

*****************************

Dutton, still wearing his facial mask, sat on the bed admiring the now naked, erect Rex Davenport in all his mature redheaded glory! The 40 year-old stud looked amazingly fit and so deliciously ginger-fur covered that Dutton could barely contain his glee. 

The fact Rex lay provocatively clad only in his sweaty thin dark socks made this moment seem even more electrifying. Dutton gaped as the pillow he had pulled from Rex's grasp fell away onto the floor beside the large bed. The ginger haired man was all his and the night was still young as far as he was concerned. Dutton knew no limits when it came to sexual conquests!

The fact the phone in Rex's coat pocket that lay on the floor in heap was vibrating had no effect on either man. Rex had switched the phone to vibrate as he came in to the party so not disrupt the sexy toy demonstration and so Lorna's insistent attempts at communicating were futile and unheeded. 

Rex was lost in Dutton's dreamy dark eyes; the mask made his eyes so very prominent and alluring that Rex was smitten in so many ways with this man. The skin-tight devil suit he wore also gave the whole scene a very naughty and carefree air. Rex felt swept into action; his uncut cock thrummed with life and need...nothing and no one stood in his way! 

Dutton's faux devil's horns glinted in the light from the partially curtained window; the rather dark bedroom provided the most seductively perfect setting for the taking of a soul. Dutton always played for keeps. His lovers, numerous and many were left broken and lost. Dutton Carter was the equivalent of a lustful vampire that preyed sexually on the human male and grew stronger with each conquest. Wilbert, his faithful manservant, knew the truth about his master and so did his victims but alas poor Rex had no idea of the danger he faced.

Dutton let the dimly lit bedroom work to his advantage. He used his large hands quickly and reached out and deliberately stroked Rex's manly chest, both hands swirling around the nipples and roaming through the forest of rusty gold ringlets. Rex's eyes closed and he let this manly devil work his magic. The massage was so soothing. It made Rex nearly forget about dear sweet Rolf. Rex was living for here and for now!

Any thoughts of Lorna alone in his home left him. His hunger left him. Rex lay back completely at ease and let Dutton work on him...everywhere and anywhere he wanted!

Rex began to drift between states of wakefulness and unconsciousness. The lack of food and exhaustion from the whole party scene earlier had left him in need of rest and nourishment. 

"Dutton, I feel so weak, may I..." Rex's faint words were drowned out in a laugh that both thrilled and chilled him deeply.

"Food is for wimps. We'll eat later. You need fucking!" Dutton the devil soothed in a greasy tone that slid off his would-be forked tongue like poetry.

Rex raised his hands to reach out and stop Dutton from any further sexual advances but he was too weak and Dutton was far too horny.

Dutton moved upon the prostrate form of sexy mature Rex and laid fully upon him and began to kiss his mouth passionately; his tongue nearly gagging Rex as he made "devil" love to him.

Rex's mind shot vaguely back to Rolf and he felt a pang of guilt. His ass cherry was promised to Rolf and now he knew Dutton was unstoppable and Rex was in no fit state to protest. 

Dutton moved his mouth lower and lower, his tongue lapped at Rex's nipples and his teeth chewed hungrily at Rex's pectorals with greed and lust. Rex groaned loudly and felt the scene fading. His was passing out. The sensations of being manhandled blurred and became dream-like and surreal. 

He felt as if the bed had taken flight and began to sail about the room, bumping into walls and nearly crashing into the dark ceiling above. His mind swam and his heart raced. He wanted to speak but his mouth would not obey, he wanted to grab hold of Dutton and control the situation but his limbs were not his own. Rex was lost in a sexual haze of devil horns and probing, prodding fingers. He just let go...Dutton Carter the devil had won!

********************************

Lorna was now feeling angry and let down and she sat sulking in the front room of Rex's house and surveyed Collin with mixed emotions. 

"Well, now that you and I have an agreement of sorts, it is best you know more about my private voyeuristic intentions. Like it or not, Collin Davenport, you are in my plans and I need your full cooperation or else we both gone down in flames." Lorna said sulkily as Collin sat across from her and listened to this strangely powerful MILF. 

"Yes, I know. You are going to help me and I am going to help you. I got it." Collin said simply.

"Listen you; it is more complex than that. Your uncle is my project, my muse and he's different from any man I ever have known. This project of mine is so secretive and I do need your help. An insider in this house, even though I have my own key, is crucial. You showing up is a wonderful turn of events in my Rex Davenport spying experiment. You just relax and listen to me now. Who knows how long your uncle will be out? I'll get you on the same page in all things "Project Rex" and you just do all I ask of you and I'll see to it that you are well looked after, Collin dear, very well looked after!" Lorna said grinning widely.

Collin sat upright on the couch and perked up his ears. MILF Lorna was about to get down and dirty with all the details. And Collin, much surprised as he was, was very keen to know all about his Uncle Rex and this incredible sexual aura that seemed to surround him in every way. Collin began to drink in all Lorna said until they both dozed off from sheer exhaustion. 

***************************************

"Wilbert, where the fuck are you?" Dutton's strident voice cried out from the guest bedroom. 

The silver haired manservant heard the voice of Master Dutton bellowing and he knew he would need to run. Master Dutton did not like to ask twice. Wilbert had changed from his costume and now resided in his plain but sharp looking black suit that Dutton required as part of his service. Wilbert was ready for bed but knew Master Dutton may have need of him and so he remained alert and ready to serve.

Wilbert stepped lively for his nearly 60 years and opened the guestroom door and peeped in.

"How may I serve you, Master Dutton?" The graciously manned servant asked as he surveyed the dark room.

Dutton still dressed as the devil knelt between Rex's widespread legs which rested atop each of his shoulders, two sexy sock clad feet faced skyward. Dutton, even with his mask, looked cross and tired.

"This is like fucking a corpse! The asshole passed out. SHIT!" Dutton stormed loudly as he pushed Rex's limp legs off his shoulders.

"Sir, I could revive him with smelling salts and then you could carry on your fun." Wilbert suggested almost too gleefully. 

"NO. NO! This is not fun, it sucks! And he would not really be much fun half awake. Forget it. He's useless." Dutton said striding over to face Wilbert at the door.

Dutton waved the Blue Magic dildo in his hand like a baton.

"I barely could work this up his ass. He just faded away. Get him out of here. Get him home, take the car and just dump him. You'll find his address in his wallet and just toss him on the doorstep, naked! Just leave the clothes and this fucking toy next to him. Ring the bell and drive off. I know where he works, I'll get him...later when he least expects it. I'll get him and pay him back for letting me down tonight. Nobody disappoints Dutton Carter, nobody!"

"Yes, Master Dutton. Right away. Shall I get you anything before I go? Tea or coffee, maybe hot milk?" Wilbert asked as he took the Blue Magic dildo from his master.

"Oh, fuck you, asshole." Dutton said smugly as he swept out of the room. "And clean up that guestroom, it looks like shit!"

"Yes, Master Dutton. It would be a pleasure." Wilbert said as he proudly watched his beloved Dutton Carter stride away to his bedroom. Wilbert just exuded love and respect and Dutton knew he had the old guy by his saggy balls and loved it! 

The strongly built manservant had no qualms about loading the passed out form of naked Rex into the car and dumping him on a doorstep. Wilbert had done this to many a date of Dutton's who had drank too much and faded away. Cleaning up Master Dutton's messes was a job Wilbert knew and loved!

Wilbert closed the guestroom door and walked over to the bed, the dimly lit room allowing very little to be seen. Wilbert bent forward and snapped on the bedside lamp. The small lamp illuminated the room and naked Rex instantly took shape before the manservant's eager eyes.

Wilbert had been at the party and seen Rex perform as the toy demonstration model but having Rex all to himself and with Master Dutton safely away in his own bedroom for the night...this was a very hard opportunity to pass up!

The light did not disturb the unconscious Rex one bit, he just kept breathing gently right there before the now horny manservant. Wilbert placed the blue dildo on the night table and stood back looking and drinking Rex in!

Wilbert gazed down the full six-foot length of the mature stud that lay upon the bed. The vibrant reddish wavy hair atop the handsome manly face, the gently muscular chest adorned with rusty golden ringlets of hair surrounding each nipple, the tight abdomen and the uncut crown cock-jewel festooned in rusty red pubes...bliss! Wilbert moved to the foot of the bed and reached his hand down uncontrollably and began to massage Rex's silken socked size eleven feet. The warm sweaty feel of Rex's manly feet sent waves of lust pulsing thru the older man's innards. 

Wilbert rarely had sex. It had been years and years. He'd long given up thinking he'd ever have Dutton Carter as a lover and serving him had to be enough. But now with sexy mature Rex here at his fingertips, he felt a sudden need to be sexually active again.

Rex lost in his dream world sensed the foot massage and rolled with it. Loving the manly touch with every finger stroke his feet were given. His mind was so fuzzy and lost in events both past and present. 

He inwardly felt it was Rolf gently loving him, he knew he wanted Rolf. His mind locked on Rolf's image and Rex responded in his dream-like state as if Rolf had magically come and joined him on this strange floating bed somewhere in the heart of London. Rex loved the weird unearthly feelings he was experiencing and just wanted more and all!

Wilbert heard a slow guttural groan come from within Rex's chest and he knew that somewhere inside his head, Rex was truly enjoying the physical attention he was receiving. He felt it was granting him permission to carry on and enjoy these precious moments before he had to drop him off on his doorstep and leave him in a naked heap.

Wilbert rubbed Rex's warm smelly feet even harder and began the slow ascent upward, loving those cycle toned calf muscles and moving onward to his meaty tight thighs. The furry legs of Rex leading ever upward toward the real prize, that sizably delicious tumescent man-meat...truly uncut perfection supreme!

Wilbert, still fully dressed in his dark suit, crept up between the now spread legs of Rex. His strong hands caressing every inch of those cycle-toned limbs and arriving at the now tight fuzzy ball sack that sat between them. The hands dove in and grasped the scrotal orbs and felt all around each with dextrous enthusiasm and delight. Wilbert had not given a good old fashioned ball rub in ages and he relished every moment of enjoying the fullness of all that the sack contained. Rex moaned yet again from somewhere lost in his foggy mind and seemed to spread his legs even wider for his lover. 

Wilbert's hands ascended the now rock hard flesh pole of uncut meat that seemed to be thrumming madly upon Rex's tight tummy muscles. The manservant stroked the ample skin to and fro with vigour and excitement. Soon a stream of shimmering pre-cum oozed out of the little slit atop the full, lushly pink cock-knob that kept popping into view each time the skin shot downward. Wilbert could not contain his desires any longer and he set his mouth to work like a ravenous dog attacking his dinner bowl. Wilbert fully feasted on Rex's long uncut manhood; his seasoned mouth and throat consuming the long un-tasted, but never forgotten delicacy that lay before him. 

Wilbert's eager tongue danced all over the swollen hidden cock-knob as it loomed to life before his very eyes as he massaged the foreskin up and down, each stroke full and sublimely complete. Wilbert alternated between lapping the engorged knob and taking the full meat right down his throat using masterful swallowing skills that were truly something a circus sword swallower would envy!

Rex, from deep within his hazy unconsciousness, moved his hips to this amazing servicing and almost came from sheer bliss but the pleasuring seemed to ebb and flow like the tide on the sea. As soon as he felt the need to spew his seed, the pleasuring would ease back and allow a rebuilding period before the crescendo would swell again to dizzying heights. Rex imagined or saw Rolf there between those legs of his and knew it all was meant to be...he just let go and rode the waves!

Wilbert fully tasted Rex's succulent man-juices in copious amounts as he sucked and lapped the uncut gem that his mouth just could not get enough of. He had to pull himself free before Rex truly did reach a point of no return and Wilbert was not ready, not at all. The sliver haired, stocky mature manservant desired a taste of another man treat! His hungry mouth moved lower and consumed Rex's ball sack, the tongue lolled and lapped and moved on...down to another sacred zone.

Rex's rusty ringed fur encircled rosebud lay in waiting and Wilbert's hunger knew no bounds. The tightly, juicy hole had been toyed and fingered by Rolf and others at the party and now it needed more. Dutton had tried to toy it and fuck it but to no avail. Rex was too out of it to be fully worth that effort, but Wilbert wanted a more subtle approach to this special object of desire. 

He pushed his face between Rex's now spread succulent, full ass cheeks and began tasting, lapping, and tongue probing as if his life depended on it. Rex's perfect ass-bud opened and the little pink folds yielded sweet juices and fascinating flavours that danced upon the manservant's tongue like sweet and sour candy drops. Wilbert was in heaven and Rex was his to enjoy...in private and as long as he could manage not being detected by his demon-like boss, sexy Master Dutton.

**********************************

Nordic bear Rolf sat alone in his dark living room on the other side of the city. He sipped a whisky and looked out over the buildings in the distance. Yes, Byron Cranford had been good to him and set him up financially so he could buy the gay men's bookshop and live in luxury in a London high-rise. But at what cost? Rolf had few friends he could play with and those that had been brought home to Byron...well, they never came back. 

Byron had that effect on men and his little sick, twisted games often turned guys off rather than exciting them. Byron may be over 80 and wheelchair bound but he was not stupid, just warped and very possessive. Rolf could play but only if Byron was part of it and set the tone and ruled the roost. 

Rolf stroked Rex's silky underwear that he'd stolen and then been given by the stud himself. Rolf was smitten with Rex and knew he had to play with him. But not with Byron, that would ruin it all. He knew it! Rex would run away. Byron was just too much!

He sipped the strong drink he'd made himself after putting Byron to bed and brought the pleasantly musky briefs of Rex up to his nose and inhaled all that he loved about Rex. He smelled a man who knew his sexual prowess and knew that others wanted him. The scents in those sexy skimpy briefs told much to Rolf and Rolf's cock was rock hard. He needed Rex. He knew too that Rex was an anal virgin and he had been promised that sacred cherry. That was amazing and a dream come true. The middle-aged bear sighed deeply as he dreamt of taking Rex's ass cherry as soon as possible. 

"Are you thinking about that guy, what did you say his name was?" Byron said coolly as his electric wheelchair slipped into the dark room. 

"I put you to bed." A slightly drunken Rolf protested.

"And I am still able to pull myself out of bed and into this damn chair, or have you forgotten I am not totally helpless. But you prefer that don't you? Poor helpless Byron, my lover who no longer loves, at least in a way that you appreciate or respect." Byron said sarcastically as he poured himself a whisky from the bottle on the sideboard.

"Don't be like that. You know I love you." Rolf said with feeling.

"Respecting me, desiring me, well, those are two different things honey, very different. Sure, you love me and you love what my money does for you." Byron said with a catty hiss.

"I am done. I am going to bed. Good night. Put yourself back in bed and don't fall." Rolf said as he rose to leave the darkened room.
