 Chapter Two – Limerick Leo

copyright 2003© Ri-Press

I had just finished up with the Navy in the United States; I was now at the point of deciding what to do with my life. I also needed to decide what I should study and receive a degree in. I decided first of all that I wanted to return to Co. Tipperary, Ireland, where I am originally from. I knew also I wanted to have something to do with religion, theology, and education – I had always wanted to teach. 

Religiously, I came from a very mixed Irish family, and definitely not your normal situation in rural Ireland. It was not only an issue of Catholic and Protestant, but also of Judaism. My mother's father was Jewish. I had been brought up basically "secular" with basics in both Protestant and Catholic theology and a great deal of Jewish studies that I had always did on my own. 

However, by the time I started Secondary school, at a Catholic school, I had decided to be confirmed in the Catholic Church. Also because of my Navy experience I was also trying to deal with my sexuality and battling with the issue of me really being "gay." At that time everything seemed to push me into the direction of the priesthood. I decided I would return home to Ireland and become a priest. 

There was a seminary near my hometown, growing up I had known many of the priest and students there, so I decided St. Patrick's would be the place to enrol. Now, I had to find a diocese that wanted me and would sponsor me. A Monsignor recommended that I interview with the Bishop of Limerick, and arranged everything for me as soon as I arrived back home. 

I thought while I was in Limerick for a few days that I would take the time for a holiday and visit some places I had not been to in years. I chose to spend an extra day and night in Limerick then head down to County Kerry for the rest of my holiday. This turned out to be a good decision as I found out on my last day there that, the Diocese of Limerick accepted me; and I would be attending St. Patrick's in just a few weeks, as by then it was already September. This made the start of my holiday a grand celebration, one I was back home in Ireland, and two, I had been accepted to study for the priesthood. 

After having spent a few days in Limerick and even being interviewed by priest who had his own radio show on the then pirate station Radio Luimnigh, I had found out about all the best pubs and places to go for some good craic [a magical grand brilliant time]. So, I had decided on the Granary on Michael Street, a pub and a night club with live music, once the pub closes, at that time pubs closed at 10.30 p.m.

I arrived somewhat early and the pub was mainly empty. I had a few pints then found a table to sit at, alone. After a few more pints and a few hours the pub was now getting busy and filling up around me. 

A large group of women, mainly middle-aged, brought several tables together right next to my table; there must have been at least a dozen of them. It was not long before they asked me to join them, since I was sitting along. Irish people will always ask someone who is alone in a pub to join them, it is just polite and the hospitable thing to do. 

We were all having a good time and it was long until the National Anthem played and we all stood and sang and then finished our pints as it was now 10.30. The women asked me if I was going next door to the after hours club for the live band and dancing. I said, "Sure thing, I would not miss it"! 

We were all having a good time listening to the music and dancing, I could tell that they were trying to hook me up with one of the women, the one who appeared to be the youngest. I knew that was not going to happen -- now I had a reason not to date, &c., I was now going to be a priest. I did not know at that time that would all change later that night. 

All of sudden a young man, probably in his late 20's arrived. He was about 5'10" (179cm), I guess between 10 to 12 stone (140-168 pounds/63.5-76kg), I am horrible at guessing weight; he had dark hair and gorgeous blue eyes. All the women knew him and were soon introduced him to me, and he sat down across from me and we began chatting. His name was Leo Shine and he was from Limerick. Several times he got up to sing, and he had a very good voice. I told him how much of a good singer he was. 

He told me he was singing professionally and even had worked with George Michael, while living in London. He then told me that George Michael had a huge cock. I nearly choked on my Guinness. I never actually heard a man say something like that in a 'sexual' way. I thought maybe there was a joke in there somewhere, but there was not. 

I was a bit speechless, and he saw that what he had said affected me. Leo asked me, "Aren't you gay?" "You are with all these women, and do not seem to be interested in any of them." I told him I was not gay, even though I knew it was a lie, but I could not admit the truth at that time. 

He said that he was gay. I was even more shocked, as I had never met any man who admitted to being gay before in my life. I now assumed the comment about George Michael's cock was from Leo's own personal experience, and not just a guess or having seen it by accident. 

As the night and our chat went on, Leo began getting more personal with his question and what he told me about himself. He started asking me if I masturbated. Of course I could not lie about that, I did masturbate... a lot. 

I could tell he was trying to get me to say something that would indicate that I was really gay. Part of me wanted to do just that, as he was very handsome, a good singer, and the first man ever to tell me he was gay, and most importantly, I was extremely horny 22 year old, and a 'VIRGIN'. 

By last call, hearing him sing some more, I really wanted to have some sort of experience with him. We got ready to leave and he basically said come with me. 

Well, he already said that he had just recently moved back to Limerick and was living at his parent's house, and unfortunately, I was staying at the Monsignor's house, so we had no place to go. He hailed a taxi and we got in and we went to somewhere on the south-southwest side of the city, he had the taxi stop on a round-about next to an old protestant church, that looked abandoned. 

Leo then told me he has to piss and started walking along the church in between two sections of the old stone church, it was like a very small and short cul-de-sac, and once back there you could not be seen from the road. 

Leo noticed I was not following him, he told me to come on. I said I thought you had to piss, trying to give him privacy. He said, "I do, but you can join me." So I followed along like a lost puppy. 

When we were out of sight he walked up to the main wall of the church and unzipped his trousers and took out his cock and began pissing. At first I stood there and just starred at his cock. I thought what a beautiful piece of uncut Irish meat. 

I knew right then that I wanted it... I wanted to hold it, I wanted to lick it and to suck it, and I wanted Leo's cum – even though I had never done any of this before. I realised I had to piss as well, and still thinking that he had some sort of plan for us to go somewhere to have sex. I stood next to him and took out my own cock and pissed as well. 

When we had finished he turned around and lit up a fag, and started smoking and he had left his cock hanging out and he was starting to become aroused. He asked me what I thought about his cock? 

I told him that it was very large and looked very nice indeed. It was long until he grabbed me and started kissing me with both of our cocks hanging out of our trousers. As we kissed we began fondling each other and both of us became rock hard. 

He clearly had at least 8-9 inches (20-23cm) cock, if not bigger. His cock was nice and thick as well. He also had a nice set of bollocks on him that were covered with black hair and a really thick black pubic bush. 

The next thing I know his hands are on my shoulders and he began pushing me down to me knees. There I was with his big hard cock right in front of my face. Leo said, "Go ahead suck it, you know you want my cock." And I did! 

I started licking him and then taking more and more of his cock into my mouth and started sucking on that piece of meat like there was no tomorrow. Soon he was holding my head and fucking my mouth, my nose being buried in his musky pubes, I could not believe I had something that big in my mouth. 

After a few more minutes of pounding my face, I felt his cock swelling and I heard him start grunting and the next thing I knew he was coming in my mouth, filling it with a huge load of his sperm! At the same time I had been wanking and right after he came, I came in hand and on the ground. 

I realised that he came in my mouth without warning me, or even discussing it with me, but I guess it did not matter as I found it to be the most erotic thing to happen to me up to that point. I also loved the taste of his cum; I had always eaten my own. Finally, I had tasted cum of someone else – Immediately I knew I was addicted to cum! 

When cleaned ourselves up and he said he would get me a taxi, as he was close enough to walk to his house. While waiting on a taxi to come by I started thinking about what had happened, and I could not help but be somewhat disappointed, believe it or not. 

I had always dreamed about my first time with another man – I thought it would some romantic interlude and in a beautiful bedroom with candle light and a fire place, not out in the cold Irish rain and wind on the wall of a protestant church. 

I then asked Leo, "Is this all there is?" He smirked at me and said, "What were you expecting fireworks?"

I looked back at him and said, "Well, yes, my first time I expected so much more..."

A taxi came by, he hailed it and I got in and went back to the North-side of Limerick across the River Shannon to the Monsignor's house. I laid in bed and thought about what happened – A part of me was thrilled and I had loved every second of it, another part of me felt very disappointed and wanted more then just sex with a stranger. 

I continued with my holiday in County Kerry, with no more sexual adventures until I was in seminary. 

Copyright ©2003 Ri-Press International