 The dark guestroom seemed to shimmer as Rex's eyes fluttered; the snug room was filled only with city lights coming in around the partly closed curtains. Rex and Rolf remained pleasantly in the dark as their hurried foreplay carried on. Rolf held fast to Rex's taller, muscular form as he worked his finger deeper inside Rex's very moist, hungry ass. 

Rex swayed nearly toppling over, his sweaty socked feet virtually sliding along the plush carpeted room. The fingering work Rolf was doing was skilled and targeted right on his "secret spot". The older Nordic bear sighed and kissed Rex's ear as he worked. 

"Am I getting you in your spot, Rex?" Rolf crooned as if already a lover.

Rex's balance was now truly in question. The drink he'd had earlier and the lack of food was causing him to have a very light head and the room almost began to spin as he felt the finger probing seem to reach a new intensity. How was that even possible he mused as he sank heavily against Rolf's shorter stocky frame. Rolf's finger prodded and massaged his secret spot with incredible accuracy and left him so weak-kneed that he was sure he'd topple over! 

"Oh, Rolf! So fucking good!" Rex managed to moan as he swayed to and fro.

"Hey Rex, let's move over to the bed. I see one over near the window. Let's get you comfy!" Rolf suggested in a very eager yet quiet way. 

"MMMM, sounds good. Your finger is fucking wonderful. Don't go. Call your partner. Be late!" Rex moaned as he was guided gently in the gloom to the big shadowy bed with Rolf's finger never leaving his silky innards for one second. 

"How I want to, Rex! But my sweet Byron is old and very demanding. You'll meet him. We'll have you over for dinner in a week or so. Then you and I can have loads of time!" Rolf said as he eased Rex's body sideways onto the bed. The mature sexy ginger stud was really open, so malleable!

The playful finger slipped out with a squelch as Rolf moved Rex's long legs completely up on the very comfy bed. Rex moved up and grabbed one of the many pillows and shoved it under his head; Rolf stood over him gazing down. All Rex could see was the chef's apron catching the light from the window. 

"Take off your apron, Rolf. Get comfy yourself!" Rex chided as he admired the shadowy alluring bearded face looking down upon him.

"I took something from you; it's in my apron pocket. But I want to keep it. May I?" Rolf said rubbing a bulge in the apron side pocket. 

"Let me guess. My skimpy briefs?" Rex said with a bit more gusto than Rolf expected.

"Keep them. You can have many more worn pairs if you want, socks, too." Rex added wiggling his body invitingly on the bed in an attempt to draw the sexy older bear down on top of him. 

"I'd not wanted to give them up. They smell wonderfully musky and very much like you!" Rolf purred as he knelt on the mattress and moved lower toward Rex's outstretched form.

"I saw you pocket them. And I was flattered, very flattered indeed. I knew we'd connect as soon as you walked in the door tonight. Call it chemistry." Rex said as Rolf lay down alongside his nude body apart from the sexy socks he still wore. The warm bear body felt heavenly to Rex as they lay in the semi-dark sanctum.

"Does Byron mind what you do? I mean you and I, we were so intimate out there and now...well, now it feels like we are getting even closer. Is he OK with it?" Rex asked in the dim light.

Rolf knew many secrets about his dear old Byron and Byron's sexual needs. Telling Rex all would be a mistake. Rex needed to come willingly to their home. Rolf hated not telling Rex all about his odd home situation because he actually liked Rex...maybe even loved! So many sexy guy friends never came back after meeting Byron Cranford and Rolf had lost hope he'd ever find a special man-friend to play with again. 

"Byron is fine with it. And he'll enjoy meeting you. But I'll have to go soon. He gets so upset. He is over eighty you know." Rolf said tossing away his chef's apron and sweater onto the carpet next to the bed.

Rex moved closer and got down to work; soon Rolf's shirt was all unbuttoned and he lay exposed from the waist up. Rex became instantly fascinated! Playful fingers roamed the bearish chest covered with grey wiry hairs and found two tight man-nipples to squeeze. Rex felt a passionate need to bury his face in that manly chest and just nuzzle like a suckling babe. His uncut cock oozed and strained against Rolf's trouser clad leg; the act of gently humping Rolf's big meaty limb seemed to come naturally and with no hesitation. Rex and Rolf were cuddling and spooning in the fading hours of Halloween night.

Rolf moved his hand around to Rex's muscular bubbly man-ass, squeezing his fuzzy cheeks and rubbing along his warm moist crack. The thick bear fingers glided playfully along Rex's quivering rosebud; the delicious sensations made Rex tingle all over!

Rex sighed and pushed his ass against the bear's warm hand, "Do it, finger me more. Fuck me. I have never been fucked accept by some toys and fingers. I want you to be my first." 

Rex's uncut cock streamed pre-cum as he continued to hump Rolf's now sodden trouser leg.

Rolf felt a tear roll down his cheek and work its way into his silvery trimmed beard.

"You are so special, I want to Rex but..." The sound of a ringing mobile phone stopped his words.

"Shit. That's mine." Rolf said struggling to get into his trouser pocket.

"No, Rolf. Please wait." Rex said eagerly as Rolf's lovely hand left his beckoning, hungry ass crack.

Rolf pulled away and moved off the bed. Rex lay highly aroused and wishing the phone call would disconnect or better yet, be a wrong number. 

Rolf moved into the adjoining bathroom and closed the door. He could see it was Byron, no shock, just annoyance.

"Yes, Byron. I'm here. Are you ok?" Rolf asked in hushed tones.

"Come home, it's late. Aren't you done yet?" Byron asked in his rather quavering aging voice.

"I am just getting Rex cleaned up. He's the guy who I modelled my toys on tonight. He's really nice and so very sexy." Rolf explained carefully.

"All the things I was, long ago. Not anymore. Would he like to come and visit us? I haven't met any of your man friends in ages. Bring Rex back tonight, yes tonight." Byron croaked enthusiastically and nearly started coughing into the phone.

"No, no. It's late, he's tired. I will invite him in a week or so. I promise. You lay down, I'll be coming now. I'll get a taxi. Bye." Rolf said switching the phone off and grimacing. Would Rex ever stay his friend once he met Byron? Once Byron did his usual act and ...it was all too much to think about and Rolf left the bathroom and joined Rex once more.

The six-foot ginger stud dressed only his sweaty long socks lay in the shadows gently stroking his massive tool; the foreskin riding up and down like silken fabric in the dim light from the window.

Rolf stood over his new and probably dearest friend and gazed down longingly.

"Join me? Come on. I need to cum again. I am so ready. Put your finger in and get me off." Rex sighed as he looked up and met Rolf's lovely soft eyes.

"Byron is expecting me. I must go. But I will get in touch; send me a text on your phone using that number on the card I gave you. OK?" Rolf said gathering his few personal items together and redressing himself very quickly.

Rex felt bad but understood.

"Sure, Rolf. I'd love to meet Byron and see what happens. I am very open as you well know."

Rex lay stroking. His uncut cock juicing up and oozing all over his fingertips and Rolf could barely contain his desire to give Rex one more orgasm...but Byron was waiting.

"I'll have Dutton bring in your clothes plus a little gift for you and then you can dress. Go wash in the bathroom there before somebody else needs it. I really like you Rex, I really do!" Rolf sighed and unlocked the door and slipped away. 

Rex stroked and closed his eyes. He could still feel the bear's wonderful finger in his ass. It was a memory he'd cherish forever!

*********************************

Rolf found Dutton still dressed like the devil and hovering by a few other costumed men.

Dutton strode over and looked seriously at Rolf through his mask covered face.

"Is our dear guest Rex ok? I do hope so. A few guests are asking after his well being and I knew he was in fine hands, very fine!"

Rolf smiled and shook Dutton's hand.

"Thanks, Dutton. Would you see to it that Rex has all his clothes and gets home safely? I must go, my partner needs me." Rolf whispered confidentially. 

"All your toys are packed up and the gift for Rex we discussed is on the table over there. Thanks for offering a brand new Blue Magic dildo as a prize for our demonstration model. I've had Wilbert, my PA and butler of sorts, gather all of Rex's clothing. He can't locate Rex's underwear, any ideas?" Dutton said leering at the older bear.

"A gift from Rex to me. Thanks, Dutton. We'll talk soon." Rolf quickly said as he launched toward his belongings and left to locate a taxi home.

Dutton smiled and called "Spiderman" over to his side.

"Wilbert, hand me Rex's clothes and that gift box on the table. I need to tend to our dear Rex...in private. Get rid of these hangers-on. Especially those two old farts over there. They keep insisting they need to see Rex. I think they are Phil and Raymond or some such thing. Get them out and don't disturb us in the guestroom but do clean up all this mess!" Dutton the devil said with a sneer and waited while poor Wilbert gathered the items required.

"Here, sir. I hope you have a nice evening." Wilbert said most politely. The nearly sixty year-old lovesick male servant had been with Dutton for about ten years and lived for his approval in all things. Dutton was his god.

"Fuck off, Wilbert and get rid of those two old assholes!" Dutton said as he grabbed the gift and the pile of clothing and moved to the guestroom door, his devil's cape flying. One of Rex's leather shoes nearly dropped from the pile but skilled Dutton caught it. Not much escaped Dutton's grasp!

Wilbert dutifully approached the two older men still in costume and tried to put on his best friendly face. Kicking these two old men out was going to be a job; they seemed hell-bent on getting in to see Rex. They acted like their lives depended on it. Wilbert would do as his beloved Dutton asked even if it meant tossing the guys out on the pavement right on their aging asses!

"Gentlemen, the party is over. Please make your way to the door as all the other guests are doing." He said with authority even though he still wore his Spiderman outfit.

Both Phil and Raymond removed the facial masks and looked insistently at their host's butler. 

Raymond began with conviction, "Rex has had little to eat. He needs us to get him home. It's been a long day." 

Phil nodded and added, "Rex is expected home. He really must come with us."

"Master Dutton has made it clear that Rex and he are not to be disturbed and you, my good men, are to leave now." Wilbert said with vehement force and took both men by the arm and dragged them toward the door. The rather strong wiry butler took no silly business from anyone and soon Spiderman shut the large front door firmly in the two gawking faces. Both Phil and Raymond looked at each other with horrifying expressions.

"Lorna will be pissed. Really pissed. You call her." Phil said.

"No, you do it." Raymond called back.

The two crestfallen men walked slowly away and muttered their outrage under their breaths. Lorna would be pissed and she had plenty to deal with back on Greenvale Terrace but the two old dears had no idea about that! 

*****************************

The confrontation between wounded, tipsy nephew Collin and overzealous MILF Lorna was over. 

Lorna, now changed into her house clothes, looked less threatening than she had as Old King Cole. Collin lay sideways, his filthy socked feet propped up upon Rex's couch which had an old sheet spread out to protect the fabric. Collin was still grimy from his pissing accident and his sleeping rough and Lorna took no chances. He had a bag of frozen peas pressed up against the small head gash to keep the swelling down. Collin was lucky he was able to quickly explain who he was to Lorna who had come rushing into the kitchen holding a sharp letter opener as a weapon against a possible robber.

The washing machine chugged away in the kitchen, washing Rex's soiled bedding and Lorna moved to sit near the couch and get her and Collin's tales straight before his Uncle Rex showed up any minute.

Collin looked dazed as he tried to focus on the busty MILF seated by him. His voice shook uneasily as he tried to recall all Lorna had drilled into him.

"You were at home, not at a costume party and I fell on the front steps as I came in because I had been drinking with a few homeless guys down the street. I did not piss all over my uncle's bed and fall down with my cock out in the kitchen. You have been home all night. Is that right, Lorna?" Collin breathed heavily.

"Yes, Collin. Very good. Your uncle must not know I left the house unattended and open. He would hate me and I don't want that. And he'd hate you if he knew you broke in and nearly trashed his bed upstairs. Neither of us benefit from the truth here. Right?" Lorna said reaching out and feeling around Collin's growing goose egg bump.

"OUCH! So are you his girlfriend or not? I thought he was gay or something like that. You seem kinda old to be his bed mate, just saying." Collin blurted out as Lorna recoiled at his age reference.

"Your uncle's sex life is his business and no, I am just a dear friend who will be moving out in a few weeks just down the road. If your uncle throws you out, which he might, you can stay with me for a while. But we keep each other's secrets, got it? Lorna growled in a controlling tone to the saucy twenty-one year old.

Lorna prayed the washing machine and dry cycle would finish soon. She expected Rex any minute. She had to remake the bed.

"You'll need a bath and fresh clothes. I am sure we can find something of your uncle's for you. He is much fuller and taller than you but we can manage. And I might buy you some new clothes, too if you do as I have said. Sound nice?" Lorna said with her bright eyes flashing. 

"Great. I'll never go home. Never! So some new clothes would be sweet. Aren't you a nice older lady!" he smirked.

The slap came quick and sharp from Lorna's nearest hand.

Collin reeled backward on the couch as the blow hit him across the cheek.

"Cut the shit. Do as I say or I will blow your cover. And you'll blow mine. We both lose and Rex is an unhappy man. So cut the sarcasm and be polite. Your uncle is a gentleman and won't take any shit. So play along and be polite and everyone wins. Got it?" Lorna said glaring with her cold blue eyes and her dark short hair shaking with a slight rage. 

Collin gulped and smiled weakly.

"Yes, ma'am."

The pair moved slowly up one floor to Rex's big bedroom to find Collin Davenport something to wear and to clean him thoroughly from his nights of sleeping rough. Not an easy job...he stunk to high heavens!

**********************************

Rex still lay highly aroused in the dimly lit guestroom, wondering if he should peep out and try to fetch his clothes. The party noise from outside the closed door had died away. Wearing only his long, sweaty socks was sexy but not very practical. Plus he knew he'd left Lorna all alone as his houseguest back on Greenvale Terrace and it was getting late.

The wonderfully erotic experience with Rolf had proven so irresistible and unforgettable; his cock raged still even after the Nordic older bear had vanished. The possibilities of what might have happened continued to ignite and fire Rex's very eager libido. He pulled the long foreskin of his man-cock back and forth, more creamy pre-cum oozed and covered his fingers. How could he go home so aroused? He'd fuck the taxi driver at this rate. He was like a dog in heat!

Now with the looming future potential of a dinner date with Rolf and his elderly reclusive lover, well...that was too hot to even imagine. Maybe he'd lose his anal cherry there with this old man watching. The thought made his cock wriggle like a bolt of lightning had raced thru it. Rex was so horny!

The sound of the bedroom door swishing open against the plush carpeting made Rex jump. Light flooded the room from the living room and in that light Rex saw a tall figure push inward. The door quickly shut behind this new arrival. Rex, who still held his very rigid tool in his fist, pushed up in the big bed and grabbed at a spare pillow and covered his juicy appendage from sight.

A voice in the gloom sang out; the melodic and lightly arrogant tones were instantly familiar to Rex. It was Dutton Carter, the devil host himself.

"Rex, it's me, the Devil! Only kidding. Dutton here. I hope I did not disturb you but I have your clothes here and a gift from Rolf for tonight's wonderful work. Bravo, you sexy man, bravo!"

Rex held the pillow against his throbbing cock, knowing full well he was staining the pillowcase with his juices. He sat up even more on the other pillows he lay upon and tried to focus his eyes on the man who now moved over to the bed. The light from the window was not all that strong. He wanted to switch the little table light on. His hand moved to do so and he heard the voice again.

"Leave that off. I often come in here at night and just enjoy light from the city. I find it highly romantic. Don't you?" Dutton the devil soothed as he stood over Rex.

Rex gazed up and saw a shadowy but delightfully handsome man still dressed as a devil hovering over him. The man's facial mask hid what would obviously be a stunning guy in his mid-30's with very sexy goatee and thick, short dark hair covering his head. A set of golden plastic horns were worn and still sparkled slightly in the light from the window. 

Plus Rex had to admire the flowing cape and tight red lycra full-body suit that just clung to him like a second skin. The devil's pouch was nearly see-thru even in the light of the window thus leaving little to the imagination and Rex knew he was very well hung, very!

The devil lay his burden of clothing down on the floor near the bed, Rex's shoes clunked pleasantly one by one with little thuds as they met the carpet. The gift, too joined the items in one harmonious heap.

The figure moved along the edge of the bed, stopped by the foot and looked appraisingly down to scan all the entirety of Rex. A long fingered hand, delicate but powerful, reached down and grasped one of Rex's big toes. The fingers massaged the moist socked toe and moved down along the entire sculptured foot...rubbing and exploring. No words spoken, just a tender luxurious foot rub. Rex's cock throbbed and his mind swam. He struggled to address his host.

"Thank you, Dutton. I feel a bit silly here, naked and just in socks. I really should get dressed and go. You must be sick of company by now after hosting all those guys. I'll pull myself together." Rex said politely if not shakily. His tummy rolled and roared. He was hungry and weak. He moved to get up but groaned. His cock was still huge and thrummed. He was trapped by this very manly man!

The foot rub ceased and the devil moved up alongside the bed again.

"Trouble getting up? You are tired, hungry and hard! I saw what you were doing in the light from the door as I came in. You may think I am fooled by a pillow, but Rex, I am the devil. I see all; know all...just like a god!" Dutton soothed in those tones, those smooth tones that kept him well provided for in the cutthroat world of business. 

Rex fell back against the pillows that held him up. 

"You have me; I am rather hungry and weak. And hard! Shit, I thought I'd fool you with the pillow." Rex said in that humble, good natured way that everyone loved.
