 Tuesday night and I'm finally leaving the office before my head explodes. I really need a beer tonight. As I walk to my car I can't help but think about all that has happened in the last week. I still think of myself as a straight, masculine man, but have come to accept that I do love being with another man, sucking his cock, having him fill my ass with his manhood, kissing deeply, more aggressively, than I've ever kissed with a woman. I rationalize it's just sex. If asked, I would definitely answer that I'm straight, and would never admit to, or tell anyone about this past week's activities. But more troubling is that I find myself longing to see Tim again, that I am recognizing that my feelings go beyond the passionate, raw sex that we both enjoy so much together. I really need a beer. 

I instinctively pull into the same bar without thinking, and walk in. Just like last week, it's busy for a Tuesday night. There are only two seats open at the bar and I grab one and order a beer. I take a chug and look around and don't notice anyone that I know, and it hits me, last week Rob told me to be here tonight to suck his fat monster cock again. I shudder with emotions. If he shows up, will he think I'm here because he told me to be here? that I'm here because I want to taste his cock again? feel it stretch my mouth again? probe my throat again? eat his delicious cum again? I try to tell myself I only came for a beer, but I'm losing the argument, knowing I would welcome the opportunity. I start watching the door, hoping to see him walk in. 

I'm beginning to think Rob isn't going to show, and I realize I'm feeling disappointed. As I am finishing my beer, a young, early 20's, man asks me if the bar stool on my left is open. I tell him yes, have a seat. He's fit and has a short military haircut. I ask if he's in the service, and I learn he's Special Forces and just got stateside following a 12 month deployment. I offer, and buy him a beer to show my appreciation for his service to our Country. He says sure, and I order a round. He's in a talkative mood and I'm soon ordering another round and he continues to talk and I continue to listen. As we finish our beers he asks where the restroom is and I point him down the hall. 

As I watch him walk away I realize I'm feeling an attraction to him. He is obviously 100% straight, but what the hell, I need to take a leak and head down the hall behind him. I enter the restroom and see him pissing at the urinal on the right. I walk up to the middle one, next to him, hoping he doesn't think I'm violating his space. I pull my cock out and comment "great bladders think alike". 

He laughs and replies "thanks again for the beers". 

I sneak a peak at his cock, it appears average in size, nicely shaped, and I think to myself, I would love to suck it. I look back up into his eyes and realize he saw me eyeing his cock, and I feel my cock stirring, hardening in my hand. I respond "the beer is no big deal, I wish there was a way I could REALLY show my appreciation" , and look back down at his cock and notice it's growing, starting to point up, thinking for itself. I think this could go one of two ways, either he's going to kick my ass, or I'm going to suck his gorgeous cock. I look him in the eyes and I see a curious expression. I think it's now or never and grab his cock and pull him into a stall and lock the door. Whoever designed these stalls with floor to ceiling walls and doors had to be a cocksucker. 

I'm stroking his cock and he whispers "I'm not gay". 

I whisper back, " I know you aren't gay, every man loves getting a blowjob, relax and enjoy". 

I unbuckle his belt and his pants fall to the floor. I kneel on the floor pulling his boxers down, giving me unrestricted access to his rock hard cock and balls. I grab his cock and start stroking it as I suck and lick his big balls. I look up at the soldier, he's leaning back against the wall with his eyes closed. I move up from his balls and engulf his cock in my warm wet mouth. I hear him gasp and begin to moan quietly. I'm enjoying working the full length of his delicious cock in and out of my mouth. As I focus on making this a memorable blowjob, he suddenly grabs my head with both hands and starts humping my mouth aggressively, making it clear it's not me giving him a blowjob, it's him fucking my face, using me for his pleasure. I grab his ass with both hands and hold on, welcoming his aggression, continuing to apply suction, using my tongue, working with him to bring him pleasure. 

He's leaking delicious pre-cum which excites me, knowing he's enjoying the experience. I feel his body start to shudder, his thrusts becoming irregular, he firmly grabs my head pushing his cock as deep as he could, my nose buried in his pubic hair, breathing in his man scent, I feel his cock start to throb, jerk and explode in my mouth, filling it with his tasty seed. he releases my head and I continue to gently suck him dry, milking out every last drop. 

I stand and look the soldier in the eyes and see confusion. 

He whispers "I've never done anything with a man before, I'm not gay, am I?"

I respond, "just getting a blowjob does not make you gay. Now if you love sucking cock, or enjoy getting fucked in the ass, then you would be gay. Do you have any desire to suck my cock?"

"Hell no! I would never put a cock in my mouth!"

I reply, "you've answered your question, you are not gay, you simply enjoy having your cock sucked, like every other man".

He finished fastening his belt and as he slipped out of the stall said " thanks, and it was the best blowjob I've ever received". 

I was slow to leave the stall and walked over to the sink and looked into my eyes in the mirror. Did I just tell him I'm gay? as if sucking his cock didn't already scream out to him that I'm gay? Or did I just tell myself that I'm gay? I definitely needed a beer and walked out to the bar, sat down, and ordered a beer. 

This bar is definitely not a gay bar, but I've sucked a cock both times I've been here. What are the odds of that? Looking around I see many hot ladies, but I have no motivation to make a move. I look towards the door and in walks Rob. My heart jumps. He's an impressive sight, tall, built, tight dress shirt with the top three buttons open showing off his muscular, hairy chest. He sees me and walks over to me. 

He says "Rick, I'm glad you are here. I've just left the office for a quick break. I'm working on a major project due tomorrow and I need to get back to work soon."

I offered to by him a beer and he replied, "no time for a beer. I could use some relief to help me relax and be more productive when I get back, and I knew you would be here waiting to suck my cock, and I didn't want to disappoint you."

It stung that he would think I was waiting to suck his cock and that I would be disappointed if he didn't show, but he was right. I said, "since you are in a hurry, let's go," and got up and headed to the restroom, knowing he would follow. 

I went into the last stall and he followed me in and locked the door. I put my hands on his muscular chest and moved to unbutton his shirt. I wanted to see and massage his hairy chest, kiss and suck his nipples. He grabbed my hands and forcefully pulled them down to his crotch and said "the only thing you do with me is suck, and I'm in a hurry, get to work, cocksucker."

I knelt down and unfastened his belt and pulled his pants and boxers down and found myself face to face with his fat monster man meat, truly an awesome cock. I started stroking it as I kissed and licked his big balls. He said "put my cock in your wet, hot mouth, I want to fuck your throat". 

I took the big head in my mouth and worked my tongue around it, sucking it, and slowly started bobbing up it's length, taking more each time. It was hitting the back of my mouth and he said "open up your awesome throat, take my whole cock like you did last week, like no one has done before you, fag cocksucker". 

His verbal abuse was new, I didn't like being called a fag, but I have accepted that I am a cocksucker. I found I was opening my throat and taking in his full length and heard myself moaning on his monster cock. He started breathing hard and said "that's what I love, faggot, take it all and let me know how much you love my cock with your moans."

It excited me even more, if that was possible, and I picked up my pace, started moaning louder, oblivious to if anyone else had come into the restroom. My cock was straining against my pants, but I kept my focus on bringing Rob to orgasm, looking forward to him filling my mouth with his delicious cum. I started swallowing the full length into my throat, hitting my nose on his hairy, muscular stomach, then backing off until just the head was in my mouth, then diving down again, and again. I felt his legs start to shiver, and his cock got even harder. I pulled halfway up his cock as I love it when he explodes in my mouth, and just in time, as he started erupting, cock jerking, shooting his huge load, filling my mouth so fast I was having trouble keeping up swallowing fast enough. I sucked gently, milking every last drop of his cum, as his cock started to soften. He pulled his cock out of my mouth and pulled his pants up. As he started to leave he said, "thanks, Rick. you are a great cocksucker. I need to get back to work. Same time next Tuesday?"

He was gone before I could answer. I walked out to the bar and grabbed a stool and waved at the bartender. He came over and I ordered a beer. He grabbed a bar napkin and leaned over towards me and wiped the corner of my mouth. He winked at me and said "you missed a drop, now I know why you take so long in the restroom, now let me get you that beer, and it's on me."

As he walked down to the taps, I looked at him like I hadn't looked at him before. He was 40ish, probably 5'10", fit, not a bad looking man that never hit me as being gay. and now he knew that I'm a cocksucker, probably thinks I'm gay. Is there a difference between being a cocksucker and being gay? He put the beer down in front of me and leaned in close, picked up my phone and said "I'm giving you my number. I have Wednesdays off. I would love for you to take care of me like you did the last guy, and I would really love for you to fuck my lonely ass." 

He stood up and winked at me again and went to help another customer. I took a big chug of my beer, as I felt a touch on my arm. It was Shelly. I stood up and gave her a big hug, holding her close, feeling her nice breasts on my chest, gave her firm ass a squeeze and said hello. We sat down and I asked her if I could buy her a drink. 

She asked "flirting with the bartender now? I saw you guys talking and I saw him wink at you."

I said "no we were just talking."

She said "I saw Rob as he was leaving. I've been wanting to hook up with him for forever, as the stories I hear about what a monster cock he has makes me wet". 

I said "it's true, he does have an awesome cock."

She responded, "you would know. he said you just sucked his cock again. you are getting to be a regular cocksucker. Are you sure you aren't gay? I don't know any women who love sucking cock as much as you do."

I noticed the bartender was trying to hear our conversation. I said "Shelly, let's not have that conversation here. I'm glad we ran into each other. I would like to get together with you."

She replied "strange you should say that. Rob said he would come to my place Friday night, but only if I could talk you into also coming over to give him a blowjob before he fucks me. Please, Rick, I'll even let you fuck me in the ass at the same time he's fucking my pussy. Please, will you?"

I said "sure, how can I say no to a chance to fuck your nice ass". (and get to suck his monster cock again!).

She said "it's a date, be there at seven, see you then, I've got to run", and she got up and left. 

The bartender brought me another beer and said "this one is on me, too. It sounds like you are having a hard time convincing the lady that you aren't gay. I would love for you to prove to me that you are gay. I'm not out either, and it would be our secret."

As I looked at him into his deep green eyes I felt a sense of safety, familiarity, closeness. The bar was clearing out and I was the only person at this end of the bar, allowing us to talk privately. I don't know why, but I opened up to him. I guess that's what bartenders are known for, being good listeners. I told him about all my new experiences of the last week, and how natural it came to me and how much I enjoyed sucking cock and getting fucked, but was struggling with accepting that I was gay. 

He Said "this is all new. you need to have some gay friends that except you as you are, are not judgmental and will be there for you.". 

I said "thanks for being a great listener, I appreciate it, I've got to get going, have a big day tomorrow". He replied "drive safely, and give me a call, I'd like to be more than just a great listener for you!"

As I walked out my thoughts turned to Tim. I wanted to go to his place and fall into his arms, but knew I couldn't. I gave him a call, wanting to hear his voice. He answered and I said "Tim, I really enjoyed spending the weekend with you and would love to see you again. Would you like to come over Saturday? we cold grill some burgers, drink some beer, and soak up some sun.". 

"sure Rick, that sounds great. I've been hoping you would call". 

I said "great, be there at noon, and be sure to bring your bikini. I have a private back yard."

My head was spinning. Plans for Friday, Saturday, and the bartender, did I want to hook up with him too? 

...to be continued... that