 I looked back and forth between Tim and Shelly, and I said..."YES!"

Many thoughts were running through my mind and I needed to work them out. Could I be gay? Bi? 

The rest of the week was a beast at work, not giving me a moment to think about what had happened Tuesday night, or what was going to happen Friday night. But when I got in bed my mind returned to all that had happened. Whether I like it or not, I have to admit I'm a cocksucker, I DID suck two cocks Tuesday night, but I still think of myself as straight. Is it possible to be a straight cocker? And I did have the most intense orgasm of my life while fucking Shelly and simultaneously getting fucked by Tim.  

What would happen Friday? Would I show up at Tim's and think, "what am I doing alone at a gay man's apartment?" Or would I be glad to be there?

Friday night arrived and I found myself knocking on Tim's door, wondering what would happen when it opened. He opened the door and I looked into his deep brown eyes and immediately embraced him and kissed him passionately. He hugged me back and we were kissing deeply, exploring each other's mouths with our tongues. Our embrace was much more physical, the kissing more aggressive, and no woman had ever squeezed and fondled my ass like Tim was. He reached around me and closed the door and we continued to kiss and grope each other. Both of our cocks we're fully erect and we were humping each other as we kissed. His big cock rubbing on my cock and stomach was too much, I wanted him in my mouth. I dropped to my knees and started to undo Tim's pants.

He pulled me back up and said "we had plenty of time for that later, dinner is almost ready, and I'm just opening a great bottle of wine." 

I followed him into the kitchen thinking I would rather have a beer, but a week ago I didn't realize I loved sucking cock, so I thought I would go with it and give wine a chance. He poured us both a glass and he proposed a toast, "to Rick discovering his true desires". We clinked our glasses together and I took a big swallow. 

The wine was delicious. We continued to drink the wine and chatted like old friends, sharing our past history and much more. Tim talked with excitement about his love for competing in triathlons, usually one per month. That explains his beautiful, fit body. I was the typical football jock that was into muscle and weight lifting. The wine flowed, dinner was great, and we end up sitting on the couch. He put his arm around me and we were soon kissing and groping each other like a couple of teenagers. Clothes started to fly and we were naked, only wearing our bikini tans and big grins. 

I dropped down onto the floor between Tim's legs and engulfed his beautiful cock in my mouth. I started bobbing up and down it's full length, loving it sliding in and out of my mouth and throat. It was so soft, yet so hard. The taste was great and he was already leaking delicious pre-cum into my mouth. Tim said he had been looking forward to my wonderful mouth all week. He started moaning and told me to suck his big cock and that I was a great cocksucker. It wasn't long and I heard his breathing accelerate, his body tense up and his cock harden as it erupted in my mouth, shooting load after load, filling my mouth with his delicious cum. I slowed, gently sucking him dry and licking the full nine inches clean. I moved up and kissed Tim affectionately. 

Tim asked "do you want another glass of wine?"

I said "sure." 

We walked into the kitchen to get the wine. We were both naked, and it hit me how comfortable we both were with our nakedness and with each other. After finishing one glass, Tim refilled our glasses, finishing off the second bottle, and said "it's now time for you to see my bedroom and experience a true, passionate, man on man fucking without the distraction of a woman.". As we walked down the hall he grabbed my ass and said "you have the hottest ass I've had ever fucked and I can't wait to get my cock deep into it again."

I drained my glass of wine to ease my nervousness for what I knew was about to happen. I was looking forward to Tim fucking me, but was still uneasy with the idea that I wanted him to fuck me, that I wanted, desired having him fill my ass with his big cock. 

We lay down on the bed and were again embraced, kissing deeply and enjoying the skin to skin contact. I rolled on top of Tim and humped him as we kissed. I massaged his chest and moved down to kiss and suck his smooth, sexy nipple. Tim started to moan and urged me downward to his big cock. I was stroking it as I slowly kissed my way down his stomach, finally arriving at the prize and eagerly taking the big head in my mouth and sucking him in, deep throating all nine inches. He was starting to breathe hard and pulled me off his cock, rolled me over on my back and rolled on top of me, kissing me passionately. 

His kissing moved down onto my neck and he whispered in my ear, "Rick, are you ready to accept and admit you are gay?" 

I replied "I love being with you, but I still consider myself straight."

We started kissing again with Tim aggressively tonguing my mouth as he humped me with his rock hard cock. His kissing moved down to my neck and he "whispered do you want me to fuck you?"

I replied, "yes, please fuck me."

He replied, "then let me hear you say it. Say Tim, fuck me with your big cock."

I replied, "Tim, please fuck me with your big awesome cock. I want to feel you shoot your seed deep inside me."

He rolled off of me and rolled me over on my stomach and started fingering my ass. He grabbed some lube and squirted some in and on my ass and started probing deeply with two fingers, finding the sweet spot, sending shivers throughout my body. I started raising my ass against his hand trying to get his fingers in even deeper. He removed his fingers and I raised my ass and I said, "Tim, fuck me!" 

I felt his cock push into my ready and willing ass. He slowly pushed it in a little at a time, pumping slowly, driving me wild. He had eased it in and I felt his stomach on my ass, realizing all nine inches were deep in me. He continued to slide his cock in and out of my hot ass. I was pushing back against him, keeping in rhythm with him when he suddenly pulled out and rolled me over on my back, raised my legs and plunged his cock back into my ass. He leaned in, kissing me deeply as he slowly pumped his cock in and out of my ass, rubbing my prostate with each stroke, driving me crazy with new sensations and levels of pleasure that I could barely stand. I grabbed his head and held it as I passionately kissed him as he continued to fuck me bringing pleasure I could not imagine. I began to shiver all over, my body tingling with pleasure, and I started erupting, shooting my load all over our stomachs and squeezing Tim's cock with my orgasming ass. I felt him push in deep, his cock started to throb, shooting his seed deep inside me. I lowered my legs and hugged him tightly, not wanting to let him go, or pull out. 

We lay still for several minutes, then Tim asked me "are you ready to admit you are gay?" I responded by kissing him. He said "you are having trouble admitting the obvious." He said "a sure sign is having an orgasm from getting fucked without even touching your cock."

That was something to think about. He pulled his softening cock out of my ass with a plop and rolled off of me. He sat up and leaned over taking my spent cock into his warm, wet mouth, sucking and licking it clean, and licking my cum off my stomach. He then reached down with two fingers and scooped up some of his cum that was leaking out of my ass, brought them up to my mouth and fed it to me, telling me to suck his fingers clean, which I did, again enjoying the taste of his seed. 

He told me not to move, that he would be right back. He went into the bathroom and cleaned up, returning with a wet, warm washcloth. He wiped me clean and threw the washcloth in the direction of the bathroom and lay down next to me. I rolled over putting my head on his chest and wrapped my arm around him and drifted off to sleep. 

I woke up and realized that I wasn't in my bed, that I had slept with Tim, spent the night in a gay man's bed. I didn't feel a need to flee. I rolled over on my side and watched Tim sleep. He really is a handsome man and did have a beautiful, sexy body. And that big cock was lying on his stomach pointing straight at me, calling me. I leaned over and without touching him, I started blowing on his cock and balls. It started to stir as I continued to blow on it. Tim continued to sleep soundly. As his cock hardened it began to rise up off his stomach and point at the ceiling. I could now get it in my mouth without touching him, the only contact was my mouth on his delicious cock. I sucked gently, slowly moving up and down the full length, trying to suck him to orgasm without waking him up. I noticed his breathing started to accelerate and he was starting to moan quietly. I was having fun watching his face and expressions as I continued to work on his cock, taking it deep into my throat, which I loved to do. I was also rock hard, totally excited by sucking Tim's cock and started moaning myself as it would enter my throat. His cock started stiffening and I knew he was close. I was surprised how fast he was cumming, as he began to pump his cum into my mouth. I looked up at him and saw him looking down at me with his mouth open, moaning with pleasure. I gently sucked and licked him clean and moved up, saying good morning and kissed him deeply sharing the taste of his seed with him. He said "that was the best wake up call I've ever had, would you be interested in being my regular alarm clock?"

I said "that is something I will have to think about", and lay my head on his chest. 

I began to doze off, feeling safe and enjoying the closeness and skin to skin contact. I was awakened by Tim's phone ringing. He grabbed it off the bedside table and answered it. 

He said "good morning Shelly, how are you? Oh, last night was fabulous. He's still here, resting his head on my chest. You wouldn't believe it, I woke up to discover him deep throating me. ...I don't think he can get enough of my cock." 

As I listened to only one side of the conversation, I began to stroke his big cock to another erection. I was amazed at how fast he could recover. The conversation continued, 

"yes, I fucked him last night...boy, did he enjoy it., he came without even touching his cock...really, he loves getting fucked...no, I don't think he's going to want to see you tonight, I'm planning on having him stay in bed with me the rest of the weekend..."

I reached up and took the phone out of Tim's hand, rolled over on my side facing away from Tim, and said, "Shelly, don't believe what he's telling you. I definitely want to see you tonight. The only reason I agreed to spend last night with Tim was so you would see me tonight."

As I continued to talk with Shelly, I felt Tim start to rub my ass, squirt some lube in my asshole, and start to probe my ass with his finger. 

Shelly started quizzing me, did you wake Tim up by sucking his cock?

Yes. 

Did you really have an orgasm last night by Tim fucking you, without touching your cock? 

Yes. 

Do you love sucking his cock? 

Yes. 

Do you love having him fuck you? 

Yes. Oooh, Aaah. 

Are you moaning? 

Aaaaa. 

What is he doing to you? 

He's fingering my ass. 

As I responded, he pulled his fingers out, rolled me onto my stomach and started pushing his big cock into my ass. He grabbed the phone from me, put it on speaker and asked "Shelly, can you hear him moaning?"

She said yes, what are you doing? 

He responded, I'm fucking Rick's GAY man pussy. 

She said, Rick this is so hot, are you loving it? 

I could only muster moans of pleasure as he was driving me wild with each stroke. 

She started saying Rick, you are so gay! Tell me you are gay. 

Tim piped in, "admit it or I'm going to stop fucking your gay ass." 

I responded, "please don't stop. Fuck my ass. It feels fabulous!" 

He continued to pump my ass with his big cock, bringing me waves of pleasure. 

Shelly continued to tell Tim, "fuck his gay ass, give him the fucking he needs."

It wasn't long and I could feel my orgasm welling up in me, my body shaking uncontrollably, raising my ass to meet each thrust of Tim's monster cock, and my cock started erupting, shooting my load on my stomach and the bed sheets. As my orgasm started to subside, I felt Tim push his cock in deep and hold it there as it started to pulsate, shooting his seed deep in my ass. 

He collapsed on my back, breathing hard, kissing my neck. 

Shelly asked what's happening? 

I replied, Tim just shot his load deep in my ass. 

She asked, "your GAY ass?" 

I replied, "It's hard to deny that my ass is gay when I have a nine inch cock up it, having just shot its cum deep inside me." 

She said "that is so hot!"

Tim added, "he had an orgasm again without touching his cock." 

I added, "but my cock is straight, and I can't wait to see you tonight, Shelly."

She responded "I'm not sure that I want to see you one on one if you are gay." 

I said "my enjoying being with Tim didn't detract from how I want, desire to be with you." I asked her, "if you woke up in bed with a handsome, sexy man whose big cock was pointed at you, wouldn't you suck it too?" 

She said "no, I don't like to suck cocks, and I think it's gross to have a man cum in my mouth. That' why I think it's so hot to watch a man suck cock, especially when they make love to the cock passionately with their mouth like you do, Rick. I would love to watch you suck cock again, but would have to think about if I would want to hook up again with just you", and then ended the call. 

I put the phone down and was noticeably upset by her apparent rejection. 

Tim started massaging my shoulders and back. he leaned over and started kissing my neck and whispering "I'm really attracted to you, Rick, we really have something special between us."

I knew I also felt an attraction, a connection, for Tim, that went beyond the strong physical attraction. 

I rolled me over and we embraced, kissing passionately.