 I had just finished a 12 hour day which was unusually tough. A little about myself, i'm A 29 year old associate working my ass off to make partner at a large law firm. Tuesday usually finds me going to the gym on the way home to work off the stress and keep my muscular 190 pounds in great shape. I'm 6' 2" and decent looking. My girlfriend had just broken up with me, complaining that I was a workaholic and didn't spend enough time with her. I was already missing her, as she was great in bed. 

As I pulled out of the parking garage I didn't feel motivated to go to the gym, and thought I could use a beer. I was driving past an upscale bar I had never been in, and pulled into the parking lot, thinking I would check it out and have one beer. Walking in I was surprised how crowded it was for a Tuesday night. The place was full of attractive young professionals. I grabbed a stool at the bar and ordered a Bud. 

Looking around and taking it all in as I drank my beer, I noticed many hot women and wondered why I had never stopped here before. Two beauties stood out, but not because of them. They were competing for the attention of an amazingly handsome man. He had to be 6'5", and I guessed 220 pounds of muscle. He had shoulder length wavy brown hair and a full, trimmed beard. As I looked at him and the 2 beauties, I speculated that he would be fucking the brunette tonight, but I would chose the blonde. 

I glanced back at him and found him staring at me. As our eyes locked, I noticed him grab his package and shake it. I looked down and saw he had quite a bulge in his tight jeans. I pulled my gaze back to his eyes and he winked at me. I looked away, not accustomed to having a man wink at me. I finished my beer and thought, just 1 more, and ordered another. As the bartender brought me the beer, I looked back at the trio and saw him eyeing me again, and started walking towards me. I looked away and took a swig of my beer. I felt a big strong hand grab my left hip and give me a quick squeeze then rubbing across the small of my back as he walked past. Shivers ran through my body as I knew it was him. He looked back and gave me a nod. It was then I noticed the men's restroom was down the hall where he was heading.

My attention returned to the two beauties and all the others in the bar. I'm a big people watcher, and there was plenty to watch. He soon returned and started chatting with the beauties again. It wasn't long and he looked back at me and again grabbed his crotch. I looked at it again and couldn't help but notice his big bulge looked even bigger. I must have been staring, as when I looked up and realized again he knew I was checking out his bulge and he winked at me. I looked away and thought to myself "what is going on?" He's definitely a stud, but I've never checked out a man's bulge like this before, or have a man wink at me. And the way he sent shivers through my body when he squeezed my hip. I looked away and drank my beer, avoiding looking in his direction. 

I was drinking the last of my beer when I felt the big strong hand squeezing my hip again, but holding on this time. He leaned in close to my ear and said "come with me ". Giving my hip a pull and he walked off to the men's restroom. I again had shivers and realized I was feeling excited, my cock growing in my pants, which I didn't understand. I did need to take a leak, so I got up and followed. I walked in and noticed there were three urinals with no partitions, followed by three stalls with floor to ceiling doors. He was at the middle urinal. I took position at the urinal on his left. I realized my cock was almost fully erect as I had trouble pulling my nice, and very hard, thick, six and 1/2 inches out. He was standing with his hands on his hips, making it impossible not to see his manhood, and my eyes were drawn down to his large, perfectly shaped cock. It was already longer and fatter than mine, and he wasn't erect, yet. It had a big head that I felt drawn to, and had trouble looking away from. I looked up at him and found that he was watching me, and he asked if I liked his cock. I wasn't sure what to say, not wanting to sound or appear gay. All I could come up with was 'it must be great to have such an awesome cock'. 

He must have misunderstood me as he grabbed my arm and pulled me back to the last stall and pushed me in, followed me in and closed and locked the door. He said 'since you think it would be great to have this awesome cock, enjoy having it' and grabbed my shoulders and pushed me down to my knees. I found myself with a beautiful, thick eight inch cock just inches from my face. I reached out and unfastened his jeans and as I was pulling his jeans and boxers down below his knees I thought back to years ago in college when I had sucked a friend off a couple of times while drunk. He had a nice 6 inch cock and his loads were yummy, but he was my only point of reference. That was all going to change in a big way this night. I never thought I would ever suck a cock again, and now I am going to suck this monster, and look at his huge balls! Instinct took over and I found myself on auto pilot. I had to have them in my mouth, sucking them in and massaging them with my tongue. He was moaning with pleasure as I worked on his balls in my mouth and stroked his big, thick cock. 

I moved up and took the big head into my mouth, sucking it and tonguing it and wondered how much I could swallow down my throat. I started bobbing slowly up and down his big cock which was stretching my lips, filling my mouth and driving me crazy. I continued to take more with each stroke. His cock was entering my throat, past my gag reflex, going where no cock had gone before. I started moaning as it probed my throat and it wasn't long before he started pumping his cock deep in my throat, my nose hitting his flat, muscular, hairy belly with each penetration. It wasn't long and I felt his cock stiffen and his breathing increase. I pulled back, moving his cock out of my throat, so I could finish him off sucking him in my mouth, massaging the head with my tongue. I wanted to take his load in my mouth, tasting it and enjoying the long forgotten taste of man cum, and I didn't have to wait long as he started pumping load after load into my mouth, much more cum than I could have imagined. I had to swallow as he kept pumping more of his delicious cum into my mouth. He finally was finished and I sucked him dry and licked him clean. 

I stood up and asked him, why me? He replied that he didn't think I was a cocksucker at first, but when he saw that I was licking my lips (I was?) as I eyed his bulge, and had a hard time looking away from his bulge, he knew I was going to suck his cock tonight. He said he was getting ready to take one of those babes home to fuck her, and he likes getting a blowjob first, so he'll last longer with her. He said he was here every Tuesday night, and told me to be here next week to suck him off again. I don't like being told what to do, but found myself thinking about my schedule and wondering if I could make it. What was I thinking?

We walked out and he returned to the two beauties, and after this confusing turn of events, I decided I needed one more beer and some time to think, so I sat at the bar and ordered one. I looked over at them and noticed they were talking and all three were looking at me. He pointed at me and it looked like he was bragging about how I just sucked him off. The girls expressions were first of surprise, and then they stared giggling. I looked away, embarrassed, and I focused on drinking my beer. Had he just outed me as a cocksucker?

I felt a soft touch on my arm and turned to find the blonde at my side. She introduced herself as Shelly. She said that Rob had told them I had sucked his cock, deep throating him, and swallowing every drop. She said that's impressive, as she knows what a big, fat cock he has, and what huge loads he shoots. She said she wished she could have watched, as she thinks watching a man suck a cock is a real turn on for her. I said I much prefer women and would love to take her home. She looked me deep in the eyes and said if I would let her watch me suck a man to orgasm and swallow his load, then she would be mine for whatever I wanted to do with her. I took a swallow of my beer, gazing into her beautiful blue eyes and thought about her proposition. I had just sucked Rob's awesome cock and had to admit I loved it, but would I enjoy sucking off some other guy? It would be great to fuck Shelly, so I said sure. She said 'don't leave, I'll be right back'. 

A few minutes later she returned with a man she introduced as Tim. He was slim, about my age and height, and handsome in a GQ kind of way. She said that he was gay and would be willing to help us out with her plan. He wasn't interested at first, but when he heard I was able to deepthroat Rob that he was in, as he loved being deep throated, but it was rare that anyone could take all of his big cock. I was curious how big was big, and said let's do this. 

We went to Shelly's place which was nearby. We walked in and I grabbed her and embraced her, kissing her deeply. After a minute I felt Tim taking off my shoes and socks. I continued kissing and groping her great ass as he moved up and unfastened my belt and pants and pulled them down and I stepped out of them. I unzipped Shelly's dress and pulled it off her shoulders and it fell to the floor. As I turned my attention to removing her bra and admiring her nice perky breasts, Tim said he really loved my light blue bikini briefs and that I had a great ass. He pulled my shirt off and Shelly and I were down to wearing only our bikini panties and I noticed Tim was completely naked, and he did have a big cock, easily 9, maybe 10 inches but not quite as thick as Rob's was. He had a fit, trim body that was also totally smooth, hairless except for a small, well trimmed patch just above his impressive cock. He had a great, dark tan with tan lines that framed his big cock. He obviously laid out in a bikini. He was masculine, yet I felt an attraction. I also loved tanning. I wear the skimpiest speedo that you can buy. I returned to kissing and groping Shelly and felt Tim hug me from behind, humping my ass crack with his huge cock and kissing my neck. Shelly said it was time to move to the bedroom and pulled me in that direction.

I again embraced her and lowered her down onto the bed. She pushed me off, saying first things first, it was time for me to show her my cocksucking talents. I looked over at Tim. He really did look attractive, standing there with his cock pointing at the ceiling. I walked over and grabbed his big cock and pulled it down next to mine and holding them together started stroking them. With his cock hitting my stomach, my cock was still at least three inches from his stomach. What a monster! Definitely longer than Rob's. I looked into Tim's eyes as I stroked our cocks. I felt a connection, a closeness that I had never felt with a man. I felt myself desiring to lean in and kiss him...a MAN! I definitely felt confused but was wanting to find out where this way going. Before I could act on my desire, Shelly snapped me back to reality, saying "cocksucker! Suck his cock". 

Tim lay on the bed next to, but not close to Shelly, his big cock sticking straight up. His cock did look great and I knew I wanted it I my mouth. I moved between his legs and leaned over taking the head in my mouth, licking around the head and sucking gently. 

With Rick earlier, I felt rushed to finish as we were in the restroom where we could have been discovered. Now we were in a safe place and I decided to relax and take my time and enjoy Tim's amazing cock. I began to start bobbing up and down his long cock, sucking and massaging it with my tongue. His cock tasted great and I loved the way it felt as it moved in and out of my mouth. Shelly had sat up and moved closer so she could get a great view. She said I looked like I was really enjoying having Tim's cock sliding in and out of my mouth, now wet, covered with my saliva. I made an attempt at smiling, which is hard to do with a nine inch cock in your mouth. She became a cheerleader, saying suck that big cock you cocksucker, take it deeper, show me what a good cocksucker you are. I didn't need any encouragement. I took a little more of his cock with each downward movement, getting closer to his smooth, toned stomach. Tim was moaning, and told me I was doing great, that I was a natural at cocksucking. I was loving how his cock was penetrating my throat deeper and deeper with each thrust. My nose was now bumping his smooth, firm stomach and Shelly said that it was amazing and she couldn't believe I took all nine inches. She was vigorously rubbing her cunt and breathing hard. Tim's breath was also getting heavy and he grabbed my head and was pumping furiously, moaning and announced what I already could sense, he was about to cum. I backed off enough so he would unload in my mouth, not my throat, as I wanted to taste, enjoy, savor his cum. I continued to suck and massage his cock with my tongue, bobbing other the top half of his amazing cock. Tim stiffened and started to explode, shooting gobs of his seed in my mouth. It was delicious. I swallowed as he continued to fill my mouth. I was amazed at the size of his load. I sucked him dry and licked him clean. Shelly said that it was really hot, and she couldn't say who enjoyed it more, Tim or me. She said she had never seen such a show of cocksucking talent before, and there was no doubt that I was natural cocksucker. I looked at her and said it's her turn now, that I also love to eat pussy. 

I moved over to her pussy and dove in, licking and sucking. She was moaning and pulled on my head saying she wanted me in her. I moved up and plunged my cock deep into her pussy and started kissing her passionately. As I fucked her I felt Tim start to play with my ass. I felt him put something cool on my crack and he started to massage it into my asshole. I continued to fuck Shelly and felt Tim push a finger up my ass. I didn't know what to think, when it started to feel really good, a new, different, amazing feeling. He then worked a second, and third finger into my ass, stretching it, when he suddenly pulled his fingers out, leaving me wishing he had continued. Then I knew why, as I felt him position himself behind me and I realized he was going to fuck me. I was enjoying fucking Shelly, she was making all kinds of noises, clearly enjoying me fucking her, and I didn't want to pull out to deal with Tim, when I felt the head of his big cock pushing on my asshole. Tim leaned in kissing my neck and telling me to relax, that I'm going to love it. I stopped pumping Shelly and focused on relaxing, and Tim pushed the head in, pausing briefly before he continued his slow, gentle assault on my virgin ass. 

As he slowly probed my ass with his manhood, I began to feel pleasure, a new sensation. His cock was massaging my prostate opening me up to a new, awesome and intense feeling. I felt Shelly start to hump me and I resumed fucking her with my cock that had never been harder. I was reaching new levels of arousal that I had never known before. Tim matched my rhythm. As I pushed deep into Shelly he would pull out of my ass, careful not to pull out completely. As I pulled out, my ass was coming back towards him, and he would plunge his cock deep in my ass. I was experiencing pleasure like I had never known before. Shelly started moaning loudly, and I felt her cunt start to contract on my cock. The combined pleasure of fucking her and Tim's cock bringing new sensations in my ass was too much and I plunged my cock deep into her pussy and held it there, my cock throbbing as it unloaded deep in her pussy, and at the same time, I was squeezing Tim's cock with my ass. I felt him push in deep, and I could feel his cock start to throb, shooting his cum deep in my ass. I was experiencing the same thing Shelly was. We both had cocks deep within us, throbbing and filling us with cum. His cock was jerking as he unloaded. I felt a new sense of warmth, satisfaction and accomplishment knowing I had brought pleasure to both Shelly and Tim. I now knew the pleasure a woman feels getting fucked deeply and getting filled with a man's cum. 

We were three sweaty, exhausted and satisfied people. Tim kissed my neck and pulled his cock out of my ass with a plop and rolled off, over on his back, leaving space for me between he and Shelly. I rolled off and the three of us lay there quietly for several minutes. 

Shelly broke the silence, saying, Rick, you are definitely gay. I've never seen a straight man enjoy sucking cock like you do, and to take all nine inches of Tim's cock! But the clincher was letting him fuck you, and you obviously loved it. I replied that I'm not gay just because i sucked Tim's cock once and let him fuck me once. She reminded me that I had also sucked Rob's cock earlier this evening and that in one night I had deep throated the two biggest cocks she had ever seen. I pointed out we just had a great fuck and I loved fucking her, that was the best part of the night. I said I wanted to get together with her again, just the two of us, and suggested we get together Friday night. She said loved getting men to suck cock for her and that most would do it reluctantly just to be able to fuck her. She said occasionally the man would obviously enjoy it, and she loved the control she had in helping them recognize their true self and turning them out as gay. She said I was in that category, she was sure I was gay, but would like to get together again as she did enjoy fucking me. But first I had to pass a test. She said she wanted me to find out what I really preferred, men or women, and acknowledge my true nature, to myself and to her. She said she would get together Saturday night if I would get together with Tim, one on one, on Friday night to explore the pleasures of being with a gay man. If I still thought I was straight, we could get together Saturday night. I started to protest, but could see her mind was made up. 

I looked at Tim, gazing into his dark brown eyes. He said he would love to get together again. He again said that I was a great cocksucker, as my blowjob was one of the best he had ever had, and he said my ass was amazing, made for fucking. He said if I wasn't gay, I sure fooled him, and it would be even better with just the two of us as I could really relax and not worry about what Shelly might be thinking. 

I looked back at Shelly and her beautiful blue eyes, knowing I wanted to be with her again. To kiss her passionately and fuck her hot cunt. 

I stared up at the ceiling and thought about all that had happened this amazing night. Rob picked me out of a crowd as a cocksucker, which was news to me. But he was right as I did find myself on my knees sucking his awesome cock. And I willingly agreed to suck another cock just to get a fuck. There were many babes in the bar that I could have picked up without having to suck a cock. Part of me must have wanted to. And I loved sucking Tim's cock, eating his load, and he fucked me in the ass and I enjoyed it. What am I to make of all this?

I looked back and forth between Tim and Shelly, and I said ... 

(I welcome your feed on this and any of my earlier stories)