 I arrived at Shelly's and knocked. She answered, opening the door and letting me in. I gave her a hug and a kiss. She broke the hug and offered me a beer. I opened it and we began to chat while standing in the kitchen. She talked about how long she has wanted to get Rob in her bed and she appreciated my willingness to get him primed to fuck her brains out. She asked if his cock was as big as she has heard. 

I said "it's about an inch shorter than Tim's, but a lot fatter. It really stretches my lips and fills my mouth and throat. I would love for him to fuck me, too". 

She asked "do you want me to ask him to fuck you after he finishes fucking me?"

"He's made it clear to me that the only thing we will do together is he will let me suck his cock. I'm sure you're going to go crazy when he fucks you, and I'm sure when he erupts in your pussy you will feel it from your head to your toes. When he shoots in my mouth it shakes me and I have to grip tightly with my lips to keep any of his delicious cum from getting out."

"Rick, your talk is getting me hot. I can't wait to feel him throbbing in my cunt".

"You should try sucking his cock, it's delicious."

"I've told you before, I don't like going down on a man. I tried it once and didn't like it, and it was gross when he came in my mouth, I had to spit it and and gargle twice. The only place a man's cock belongs is in a woman's cunt...unless you are a gay man, like you are, Rick. And in your case, you love having a man's cock in your mouth or pumping in and out of your ass."

"Well, you will love it when he fills you with his seed. I agree, when Tim unloads deep in my ass it drives me wild. I don't ever want him to pull out. At that moment I know I am his."

She said "we are definitely in agreement there, we both love having a man take control and fuck us silly."

I thought to myself that this was an odd conversation, sharing thoughts and feelings with a woman about how we both like being fucked, dominated, and controlled by a man. Last week Tim had told me that I was a natural bottom. I was starting to understand what he meant. My thoughts were interrupted by the doorbell. 

Shelly let Rob in and offered him a beer, which he declined. Looking at me he said "I can't wait for this cocksucker to put on a cocksucking show for you."

She said, "he sucked a big cock for me last week. I think I'm going to keep him on call."

She led us back to her bedroom and told me to strip, which I did. She was stripping and told me to strip Rob. I unbuttoned his shirt and removed it, exposing his hairy, muscular chest and abs. I started to massage his sexy chest but he immediately grabbed my wrists and pulled my hands down to his crotch, saying, "Rick, you know the rules, all you are allowed to touch is my cock."

I unfastened his pants and helped him step out of them and we were all naked. Rob's body was amazing, strong, sexy the sight of him gave me a raging hard on. I heard a gasp, and turned to look at Shelly. her mouth was open as she was staring at Rob, and she said "your cock is huge! Rick, there's no way you can suck that monster!"

I, always liking a challenge, and knowing I could, having done it twice, and that I would love taking it in my mouth and throat, said "Rob, lay down on the bed, I've been looking forward to swallowing your cock all day."

I knew this would be even more fun than before as I wasn't restricted like in the restroom stall. I could align myself for easier access to my throat. I started kissing and licking around the big head and noticed Shelly had once again moved in close to get a great view, and was vigirously rubbing her cunt. I took the head into my warm, wet mouth and felt my lips being stretched to accomodate the huge girth. I started to engulf more of it's length moving up and down the thick shaft. I started pushing down, forcing the head into my throat and heard myself start to moan, loving taking all of his manhood, knowing he loved probing my throat with his amazing cock. Saliva was running out of my mouth, his cock was slick, easily sliding in and out of my mouth and throat. Rob's breathing was accelerating, Shelly was moaning and said "how do you get all of that monster down your throat! You are an amazing cocksucker!"

I could feel Rob's body start to shiver and shake as his orgasm approached. Shelly told Rob, "take your cock out when you start to cum and shoot your load all over our cocksucker's face! I want to see him enjoying being covered with your cum."

I continued to suck on his cock, looking forward to my reward, his load in my mouth. I wasn't sure about having him come all over my face. I didn't have any time to protest as he pulled his cock out of my mouth. The first shot went in my mouth, the next hit my upper lip, cheek, my nose, cheek again, and chin. His eruptions had slowed to pulses of his cum ruuing out and down his cock. I leaned in and licked the cum off his cock, stroked it and took it back in my mouth, milking the last few squirts. I licked him clean, and sat up in the bed, his cum dripping on my face. 

Shelly looked at me and giggled. She said "look at you, Rick. Cum all over your face! Your cute speedo tan! you are so GAY! Go look in the mirror and clean Rob's cum off your face. I know you love it, but I think it's gross."

I went into the bathroom and looked in the mirror. I had to admit I did look gay, and I wasn't grossed out by it. Shelly called out, "Rick, what do you think? Don't you agree that look gay?". She added, "you know the old saying, if he looks like a gay and sucks cock like a gay, then he's gay."

I didn't respond. With my finger, I scoped up his cum and licked it off my finger, enjoying the taste. I really do like the taste of cum. After getting all the cum I could, I then washed my face and went back into the bedroom. 

Rob was lying on his back, Shelly had her head on his chest, her leg over his, and was running her fingers over his chest and stomach. I lay behind her and put my hand on her hip, and said, "Shelly, are you ready for me to fuck your sweet ass now?"

She replied "no. I told you earlier, the only place a man's cock belongs is in my pussy. If you want to fuck an ass, go see your boyfriend Tim. I did enjoy our conversations before Rob arrived, though. We can be friends and get together and talk about the men we have been fucking. Why don't we meet for coffee some time?"

Rob said, "your services are no longer needed. Thanks for the great blowjob, but you can leave now."

I got dressed and as I started to walk out Shelly asked me to get them a couple of beers. I went to the fridge and grabbed one beer for me and walked out. 

As I drove home, I found I was looking forward to seeing Tim tomorrow. 

...to be continued...