 We stood naked before a large mirror in his bathroom. I studied my reflection while Richard ran hot water over a washcloth. Moments earlier we had given each other handjobs as we sat on his living room couch. I had willingly stroked a man's erection and allowed him to do the same for me. 

I didn't appear any different in the mirror but I knew I had suddenly changed. The feel of his hand caressing my private parts had been wonderful, but mostly I thought of the heat and firmness of his hard cock in my own hand.

Richard ran the washcloth over my belly and thighs then cleaned my cock and balls. It didn't bother me at all that I was allowing a man free access to my crotch. He rinsed the washcloth then gave it to me. I performed the same service for him.

A thrill ran up and down my spine when his penis became semi-erect in my hands. I was amazed at his recuperative powers. And, I was flattered by his response to my touches.

I must be queer if I enjoy giving a man a hard-on, I thought to myself.

We walked hand-in-hand back to the living room. Richard slipped into his boxers while I pulled up my little string bikini briefs. He went and poured two glasses of wine then returned to me. We sat close together on the couch.

"I hope you enjoyed that as much as I did," he said softly.

"Maybe more...." I answered.

There was a nagging question on my mind that I felt that if I asked it, the answer could very well change my life. I took a large swallow of wine then turned and faced Richard.

"Where do we go from here?" I asked my voice barely above a whisper.

"That is entirely up to you," he answered, "...but first, I want you to tell me why you moved here—why did you leave your home and move a thousand miles to a city where you have no family—and as far as I know—I am your only friend here. What was so important that you risked changing everything in your life? What were you hoping to find here?"

I took another gulp of wine then said: "I don't know why I moved here—all I know is I needed to make a change in my life...I wasn't happy back there—something was missing."

"It occurred to you that you might be gay, and you were too embarrassed or ashamed to explore that possibility living near your family and friends?" he asked. 

"I don't know—maybe..." I answered. 

There was silence while we sipped our wine then I finally said: "All I know is I'm happy when I'm with you—I have a good time with you—I really like you—I like you a lot...." my voice trailed off.

He looked into my eyes and asked: "What do you want to do about that? What do you want to do about 'us'?" 

I took a deep breath and softly replied, "I guess...I want you to teach me—I want you to show me how...."

"You want me to 'teach' you how to be gay?" he asked. 

My face turned red. "I, ah...yes, I think so...."

His face softened with a slight smile across his lips. "That's not something I can 'teach' you—you either prefer the company of men or you don't—you'd rather have sex with men or you don't...if you decide that you want to have sex with men more than women—yes, I can teach you that—I can definitely teach you how to sexually satisfy a man, but first you have to know who you are."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"In the gay world there are generally two types of guys—there are 'tops' and there are 'bottoms'—have you heard those words before?"

"Yes, I've heard about that," I answered.

"So what do those words mean?" he asked.

He wasn't going to make this easy for me, I thought.

"Well, ah...I think it means the 'bottom' submits to the 'top'...."

"Submits? How does he 'submit' to the 'top'?"

My face was beet red now but I was determined to answer his question.

"The 'bottom' gets more pleasure from, ah...'servicing' the 'top' than being the one who is 'serviced'...."

"Johnny, I'm not trying to intentionally embarrass you, but if you decide this is what you want—you have to know and understand what you're getting yourself into...are you saying you want to be my 'boy'—are you telling me you want me to teach you how to sexually satisfy my penis with your hands—your mouth—and your bottom? Is this what you want?"

I took another deep breath then said "Yes—this is what I want—I want to be your 'boy'...."

I was visibly trembling. He put his arm around me and pulled me close to him. I loved the warmth coming from his body.

"You've made me a very, very happy man, Johnny...since the day we met I've wanted you—I wanted to hold and caress you—I wanted to kiss you and feel your hands and lips on my body--I hoped and prayed you would want to be my 'boy'—I am so attracted to you—I have to tell you one thing though..."

"Sure, Richard," I said, "...what is it?"

"If you decide you want to be my 'boy'—I will expect and demand total obedience from you—you will perform whatever task or duty I demand without question—you will learn how to sexually satisfy me—wherever and whenever I ask...in return, I will provide you with comfort, safety, security and most importantly—love...we could have a very nice life together...now—Johnny, do you want to be my 'boy'?"

Tears of happiness welled in my eyes. I threw my arms around him and gazed into his beautiful eyes.

"Yes, Richard, I want to be your 'boy'—please let me be your 'boy'...."

We kissed and hugged. Our lips melded into one. I'd never been happier in my life.

"Take off your shorts and sit on my lap," he ordered.

"Yes, Richard," I obeyed. I was naked sitting on his lap.

We kissed--his lips were warm and soft. Our kisses were passionate—unhurried.

"Reach inside my shorts and caress me," he said.

"Yes, Richard."

My small hand slid inside the waistband and found his hard cock. I ran my hand up and down his cock and balls. My own penis became hard and Richard squeezed it then released it. We smiled at one another.

"Your own pleasure is up to me—from now on I will decide when you can orgasm," he said, "Do you understand?"

"Yes, Richard—I understand," I said as my hand continued stroking his intimate flesh.

I felt his penis pulsate in my hand. Richard traced a finger around my lips.

"It's time we further your education," he smiled.

I knew what he meant—a shiver ran up and down my spine. I was about to taste a man's cock for the first time and the thought of it caused my own cock to throb.

He looked me in the eyes and said, "I want you to kneel between my legs—get used to it—you will be on your knees several times a day."

The forcefulness of his command excited me—I loved obeying a strong man.

"Pull down my shorts," he said and he lifted his hips to assist me. When his beautiful cock sprang into view my mind was overcome with lust and desire.

"Don't touch it yet--breathe deeply and smell my crotch," he ordered.

This was all new to me and it seemed like a strange request but when I inhaled his manly aroma I swooned with delight. His musky odor was overpowering and my mind was soon lost in a sensual fog.

"Cradle my balls in your right hand—take hold of the base of the shaft with your left—kiss my cock from the tip to the base, and always remember: whenever you kiss and lick my cock and balls keep your eyes open and focused on what you are doing."

"Yes, Richard," I said. His words overwhelmed me and his manly scent was driving me wild with passion.

I pressed my lips to his cockhead—so soft—so hot—I felt the cum begin to boil in my own balls.

I slowly covered his cock with kisses—every wonderful inch of it. When he told me to use my tongue I lapped at his flesh with long, loving strokes. His cock glistened with my saliva. I tasted his pre-cum and my own cock throbbed—my balls ached for release.

"Wet your lips and slide them over my cockhead—keep your tongue on my cock at all times," he ordered. "And when I cum, Johnny—I expect you to swallow all of it."

The crudeness of his command excited and thrilled me beyond belief—it was at that moment I was convinced this was my calling in life--I was born to kneel between men's legs and give them pleasure with my hands and mouth.

He had me slowly stroke the base of his prick while I sucked his cockhead deeper into my mouth. His scrotum was heavy in my hand as I rolled and massaged his balls. My own excitement no longer mattered to me. My only concern was to bring him to the best orgasm he'd ever had.

His moans were my inspiration—the wild gyrations of his hips told me I was performing well. He told me to go faster. My hand became a blur on his cock—my mouth was filled with his hot, trembling flesh.

I felt his cock expand in my hand—his balls tightened and his hips jerked wildly off the couch. He screamed and shouted his pleasure as his balls unloaded in my mouth. It took my very best efforts to swallow all of his manly cream. 

When his cock grew soft he slumped back on the couch. Instinctively, I cleaned his cock with my lips and tongue.

Wow, I thought, that was the most erotic act I had ever experienced in my life. My cock and balls throbbed and ached, but I didn't care--Richard would decide when it was my time to cum.

He leaned forward and gently took my head in his hands and kissed me on my cum-slicked lips. The look of pure bliss on his face filled me with pride. I finally knew for sure that moving a thousand miles from home was the right thing to do.

I helped Richard pull up his boxers—I was to remain naked. He went and poured one glass of wine and I sat close to him on the couch.

"Put your right arm around my shoulders—reach into my shorts with your left hand and hold my balls," he commanded.

I immediately obeyed--his ball sac was still heavy in my hand.

"This is how a 'boy' demonstrates his submission to his 'man'," he explained. "By having to hold another man's balls, the boy freely accepts and admits the fact of his man's dominance over him—you will be holding my balls often."

He placed the wine glass at my lips and I took a large swallow. I suddenly realized how helpless I was in this position. By having me hold his balls, it occurred to me I was no longer a free and independent person—he was totally and completely in charge of this relationship—I belonged to him in both body and soul. And the thought of that was a little scary, but it also brought me great joy and comfort.

He took hold of my still rigid cock and smeared my pre-cum onto his fingers and presented them to my lips—I lapped up my own juices and cleaned his hand. I knew he was going to have me do things I'd never dreamt of before, and I readily accepted that I would obey his every wish and desire.

This was the beginning of my new life and I was determined to make it work.

"You mentioned earlier that you had a job interview in the morning—is that correct?" he asked.

"Yes, I'm supposed to be there at nine," I answered.

"You're not going—as long as you're my boy you won't have a job—you will be with me all day every day," he said. "You will live here with me—we'll move your things tomorrow. I have a very strong libido and you will be here to service me whenever I desire."

"Yes, Richard."

"I will do all of the cooking and you will do all of the cleaning—I expect the house to be spotless."

"Yes, Richard,"

"I do most of my work online and you will assist me. Don't worry--you're a bright boy—I'll teach you what you'll need to know."

"Yes, Richard."

"One more thing," he continued, "...if you displease me or disobey me in any way you will be punished...it will usually be an old-fashioned spanking, but if I think your infraction merits it—I will use a paddle or belt on your bottom, and I guarantee you will not like it one bit." 

He pulled my head to his and we kissed. He gazed into my eyes and spoke softly.

"This is the last chance you have to change your mind. Once you move in here you belong to me—you will have no other choice or option but to obey me—you will be my property—I will own you and do whatever I want with you...the choice is yours—do you still want to be my boy?"

Suddenly the seriousness of it all hit me like a brick. A lump formed in my throat and I had a slight panic-attack. I would no longer be able to do whatever I wanted...I wouldn't be able to go wherever the mood struck...I would actually belong to another human being and be forced to do whatever he wanted me to do my own feelings be damned. Did I really want to be Richard's slave?

I stared into Richard's eyes.

"Richard, I want to be your boy, but I don't know what to do...I want you to teach me to be the best boy you've ever had—yes, I want to be your boy, Richard."

"Johnny, just remember my Golden Rule: if I'm happy—you'll be happy---if I'm unhappy—you'll be very, very unhappy."

He kissed me hard and long while I proudly held his balls.

Richard's cock sprang to life again. He had me caress him until I felt it jump and twitch in my hand. 

"Let's go to the bedroom," he said.

He had me hold his cock until we reached the side of the bed then I went to my knees and pulled down his boxers. I automatically inhaled his aroma making my head dizzy with lust and desire.

The bedspread was pulled down and he lay on his back.

"Kneel between my legs, boy," he said in a commanding voice.

I climbed onto the bed and knelt between his open thighs. He had satin bed sheets—they felt soft and luxurious. I held his balls in one hand, and grasped his cock with my other then began kissing and licking his deliciously hot flesh.

"Lick my balls," he ordered. 

His obscene command caused my own balls to begin aching again. It reminded me that I hadn't cum yet but I had no control over my own orgasms anymore.

I sucked his balls—first one in my mouth then the other. My tongue lathered the soft skin of his scrotum.

Suddenly he pulled his legs back and opened his thighs.

"Lick my asshole, boy," he ordered.

He made it sound so depraved and dirty I almost shot my load right then. I heard that some people did this but it was a first for me. 

I tentatively touched his anus with my tongue and licked around and over his rosebud. I was pleasantly surprised that it wasn't awful. I became bolder and pushed my tongue into his hole. He moaned and writhed above me.

"That's it, boy—tongue-fuck my asshole—get used to it—you'll be eating my ass every day."

I pushed my tongue into him as far as it would go and covered the walls of his asshole with saliva. The tightness of his asshole against my tongue thrilled and inspired me. I loved eating his asshole.

He pushed my head away and said, "Suck me off, Johnny—suck my cock and eat my cum."

I was so excited by his dirty-talk I had a difficult time catching my breath. Only my second blow-job and I had him moaning in no time at all. His animal-like noises filled the room and I slobbered over his cock until I felt his balls contract then flattened my tongue on his slit and lapped-up his cum as he shot load-after-load of hot cum into my greedily sucking mouth.

We were both sweating profusely by the time he was spent.

My cock was so hard and my balls ached so much that whimpering noises of frustration escaped my throat. He knew what I needed and softly laughed. 

"Lay back, boy...I know you're going to love this...."

He furiously stroked my cock for thirty seconds then my balls exploded spewing gobs of semen straight in the air. His hand and my thighs were saturated with my creamy spunk. It was the most intense orgasm I'd ever experienced.

I thanked him over and over and covered his face with kisses.

He had me retrieve a warm washcloth and I cleaned us both. I fell asleep in his arms with a smile on my face

I was awakened the next morning by his lips kissing mine. He was on top of me and I held him tight as our kisses became more urgent. Suddenly he rolled off me and onto his back--his cock standing proudly erect.

"Sweetie," he said, "...show me what you learned last night."

I smiled and knelt between his thighs and used my hands, lips and tongue on his beautiful cock and balls.

I couldn't think of a better way to start the day.

After we showered he prepared a delicious breakfast. We talked and laughed like we had for the past week but we both knew our lives were about to undergo dramatic changes.

Richard had me call the company where I was to have the interview and tell them I wouldn't be there.

"Sexually satisfying me is only one aspect of becoming my boy," he explained. "I'm also going to teach you responsibility and integrity which in turn will give you the self-confidence to lead a fulfilling and productive life. Some men want their boys to remain immature and dependent on them for everything—it gives them the feel of absolute power and control—I'm not that insecure...I don't want a sissy-boy whose only skill is giving good blow-jobs...I want a companion who can think for himself and provide me with interesting and challenging thoughts and conversation...I have high expectations for you, Johnny—I know you can be that boy."

"Richard, I want to be that kind of boy for you," I said softly.

"I know you do—and you will be."

He smiled. "In the meantime you need a lot of practice. Before we move your things in here--get on your knees—open my pants and take out my cock—then suck me off—I want you to have the taste of my cum in your mouth the rest of the morning."

I had a huge grin on my face as I went to my knees and obeyed his command.

It took less than an hour to move my things into Richard's house. Afterwards, I found the apartment manager and gave him the key and thanked him—Richard insisted on it.

We drove to a nearby shopping mall and Richard led us into a sporting goods store. I had no idea why we were there. He knew where he was going, though, and I soon found myself standing before a shelf that held nothing but jockstraps.

"What size briefs do you wear?" he asked me.

"Medium," I said.

Richard searched the shelf and pulled off five packages of plain white jocks—size Small.

When we left the store Richard found the malls Men's Room and gave me one of the packages.

"Go into a stall and take off your briefs and put this on—make sure the back strap fits tight against your bottom-hole," he ordered.

I quickly obeyed him and when I returned to his side he pointed to a trash container.

"Throw your briefs in there—you won't be needing them anymore."

The strap rubbing against my anus was uncomfortable.

Richard noticed my agitation and said, "You'll get used to it."

When we approached his car in the parking lot he asked me if I could see inside the car. I was a little puzzled by his question.

"Well, ah, no—you have tinted windows," I said.

Once inside he said, "Strip to your jockstrap and move next to me."

I briefly panicked but remembered no one could see inside the car.

I sat next to him wearing only my new jockstrap. I felt helpless and small.

He kissed me then said: "Open my pants—put your left arm around my shoulders—reach into my shorts and hold my balls."

I immediately obeyed him. I rested my head against his shoulder as we drove home. 

Before we got to his house he said: "After lunch you're going to have long session between my legs."

The thought of it made my penis hard inside my tiny jockstrap.

"Thank you," I said and kissed his cheek.

A warm glow washed over me--I felt contented and at peace with myself.