 I awoke with excitement and anticipation that Tim was coming over in a matter of hours. I jumped out of bed, threw on some shorts, t-shirt and flops and dashed to the store to get all the fixings for burgers. On return I got everything ready and showered and made sure I was clean and fresh for the day ahead. I dressed in my speedo and flops, and intended to not wear anything else for the rest of the day. 

I opened a beer and took a sip. I had told Tim I had a private back yard for sunbathing, which is true, but for my neighbor on the left, who has one upstairs window that allows a view off my yard. I also knew the wife would watch me laying out in my speedo, having seen her in the window watching me. She and her husband were in their early fourties and had never had children. Both stayed in great shape. I had seen both of them frequently at the gym, but never together, which hit me as odd. 

One night about six months ago the wife knocked on my door frantically. I opened the door and she rushed in and threw herself on me, hugging me and kissing me. I pushed her back and said "slow down, what's going on? what about your husband?"

She replied "he's out of town on business, he hasn't touched me in five years, and I've been dying to fuck you since I started watching you laying out in your speedo, you look so hot!"

Before I knew what was happening we were naked and rolling around on the floor. I squeezed and kissed her firm breasts. I kissed my way down her flat stomach and was soon sucking her clit and probing her pussy with my tongue. she started moaning and making noises like nothing I had ever heard. She screamed "oh! that feels so good, my husband never eats me!"

She started shaking and her pussy was soaked and she orgasmed from my licking her pussy. She grabbed my head and pulled me up and started franticly kissing me and I plunged my cock into her wet, ready pussy and fucked her fast and hard and we both soon came in a sweaty pile. We lay there catching our breath, and I asked her "you have a delicious pussy, a fabulous body and you are a fantastic fuck, how does your husband manage to keep his hands off of you?"

She replied "he has no idea how good my pussy tastes, as he has never gone down on me. About five years ago he started demanding I suck his cock. I tried it a couple of times, but didn't like it. I told him I would eat him, but only if he would eat me, and he hasn't touched me since."

"That's hard to believe. Refusing to eat your pussy and demanding you suck his cock, if I didn't know better, I might think he was gay."

She answered "the thought has entered my mind."

I wondered what she would think if she saw Tim in his bikini, which is skimpier than my speedo, and he has a bigger bulge. She also has no idea about my new found gay side. Hopefully she wouldn't be watching. 

I was brought back to the present by the doorbell. Tim had arrived. I opened the the door and greeted him with a big hug and passionate kiss. I love our aggressive, physical hugs and kisses. He grabbed and squeezed my ass which was barely covered by my speedo. He said "I thought about you and your great ass the whole time on my 50 mile bike ride this morning. It's difficult to ride with an erection!"

I invited him in, showed him around and finished the tour in the master bedroom. I said "make yourself at home. why don't you strip down and put on your bikini?". 

He started undressing and I had to watch, admiring his smooth, fit, sexy body. As he pulled his shorts down his semi erect cock sprung out. I was instantly on my knees taking his big cock in my mouth, enjoying the taste, the firmness as it hardened, and thought to myself that I had really been missing Tim and his fabulous cock. He pulled me up and said "let's save this for later. What's for lunch?"

I told him to get his bikini on and meet me out on the back patio, and went out and turned on the grill. We grilled burgers and drank beer. It felt great being in my speedo with Tim, wearing only his bikini. The air was sexually charged, we both knew we would soon be fucking and sucking the day away. 

We laid down on the lounge chairs to soak some rays. I told Tim to turn over on his stomach, that I'd rub some baby oil on his back. I massaged oil on his shoulders, back and legs. I took a glance up at the neighbor's window. The wife was there, watching. I continued to massage oil on Tim, moving my hands under his bikini, rubbing his firm ass. Rubbing oil on his shaved smooth skin was arousing me. I told Tim to roll over on his back and I continued to rub oil on his legs, moved up and massaged oil into his chest and stomach, watch as his cock grew, trying to burst out of the tiny bikini. I couldn't resist and pulled it off, leaving him naked. I started stroking his cock to it's full length, glancing up at the window. She was watching, and it looked like she had her hand in her pants. Looking her in the eyes, I leaned over and took Tim's big cock in my eager, wet mouth, sucking on the head, licking and kissing it, wanting her to see what an awesome cock he had. I started bobbing on it, taking more and more of it's length into my mouth and throat. I was doing slow bobbing motions, taking the entire length down my throat, hitting my nose on his smooth, firm stomach, then backing off so only the head remained in my mouth. I wanted her to appreciate what a big, long cock he had and that I loved deep throating all nine inches. 

Tim was breathing hard and said "oh yeah, I love how you suck my cock, oh, yeah, faster, don't stop, faster."

I knew he was getting close and I was looking forward to him filling my mouth with his delicious cum. I looked up and met the wife's gaze, wondering what she was thinking. She was continuing to watch as I felt Tim's body stiffen, raising his ass off the lounge chair and he started erupting in my mouth. I took his cock out off my mouth, allowing it to shoot a couple of streams of cum on my face, so she could see his cum, then went back down on his cock so his last shots of his delicious seed were in my mouth. I sucked and licked him clean and wiped the cum off my face and licked my fingers clean. 

I took my speedo off and grabbed the oil and rubbed some on my cock and started rubbing some on Tim's ass, probing it with a finger, then two fingers. He said "I've been waiting on you to fuck me, stick your cock up my ass, I want you to fuck me now."

I lifted his legs and rubbed the head of my cock on his asshole and pushed it in. I had never fucked an ass before, man's or woman's. His ass felt amazing, tight, hot, and he was meeting my thrusts, pushing his ass onto my cock. I glanced up at the window and she was still standing there watching. Fucking Tim was feeling so good I forgot about her and was consumed with Tim. I leaned in and we started kissing, exploring his mouth with my tongue as I probed the depths of his ass with my cock. We were one, in sync, moving in unison to bring each other pleasure. He was squeezing my cock and I felt the orgasm building, I felt my body start to shiver with pleasure as I started shooting my load deep in his ass. As my orgasm subsided I collapsed on him. 

He whispered "you really fucked me good, I love having your cock in my ass, don't pull it out yet. I was beginning to think you were strictly a bottom, and a great bottom at that, but I've been hoping to find a man like you that likes it both ways."

I replied "I have never enjoyed fucking a pussy as much as I just enjoyed fucking your ass, that it felt like more than just sex, like we have a much deeper connection. But I have a confession to make. Don't look now, but we have an audience. The wife next door is watching from the window." 

He pulled my ass in with his legs so that I couldn't pull out, and said, that's so hot, I want her to watch me fuck your gay ass, so she will have no doubt that I do things to you and give you pleasures that you can only do if you have a cock."

As I continued to lay on top of Tim I felt his hard cock flex between our stomachs. I sat up, straddling his smooth, tanned body. I raised up and guided his cock to my asshole, rubbing it on my hole, lined it up and started lowering myself, taking his cock into my ass. I was in control of how deep, how fast, and quickly discovered by leaning back I could target my most pleasurable areas of my ass. Tim's eyes were closed and his breathing was getting louder. My cock was fully erect, even though neither of us had touched it. It was bouncing with my motion of fucking Tim. His cock was impaling me as I lowered myself fully. My ass was contracting with each motion, squeezing his cock. I was loving this new position and how I focused the motions causing waves of glorious sensations to flow through my body. I started shivering as I was overcome with an intense orgasm, shooting cum on Tim's chest and stomach. I felt Tim raising his ass up, pushing his cock deep in my ass and I felt it start to throb as he unloaded, shooting his seed deep into my ass. 

I lay back down on Tim and kissed him deeply, gently, passionately. I felt his cock start to slip out of me, leaving me feeling empty. 

Tim asked "is she was still watching?" l had forgotten about her, and glanced up to see. 

"yes, she is still watching. I wonder if she will keep this secret, or tell her husband or other neighbors."

"are you still in denial that you are gay? It looks like everyone knows you are gay, but you. Let's get a beer."

We stood up, hugged and kissed, and Tim looked up at the window, seeing her staring down at us. He waved at her and then he hugged me, grabbing my ass with both hands, pulling me into him firmly, and kissed me deeply, the way I love him to kiss me, exploring my mouth with his tongue. It felt so liberating for us to be totally naked, hugging and kissing and knowing she was watching.

We grabbed a beer and headed for the shower. After the shower we lay naked on my queen size bed, cuddled and fell asleep. 

I was awakened by a banging on the front door. I threw on a pair of shorts and opened the door to find the wife from next door. She rushed in, gave me a big hug, and said "I only have a few minutes. Wow, you look even better up close, and what an awesome cock!"

I turned to see that Tim had walked into the room, naked, and he did look awesome. He walked over behind me and hugged me from the rear, pushing his cock into my crack. He said "lady, you are wasting your time with Rick. As you witnessed, he's with me now. He loves sucking my cock, fucking me, and if you were watching closely, he has orgasms every time I fuck his gay ass without even touching his cock. He has no interest in your pussy, or any other pussy, anymore."

She replied, "I came over to ask if Rick would come to dinner and see if he could get my husband to come out as gay. My idea was get him drunk and suggest that Rick show him how to eat pussy, and teach me how to suck cock. I need to know if he's gay, and if he is, I'll want to get a divorce."

I interjected, "Tim, I've never said I never was going to fuck a woman again, and l'm going to have to think about her request."

Tim walked out of the room and returned quickly, fully dressed, and as he was storming out said, "I thought we were growing into a real, meaningful relationship."

I followed him out asking him to stop, to stay, that I also thought we had something special, but he wouldn't stop, slammed his car door and drove off. I stood there watching him drive away, not knowing what to think. I slowly walked back into the house and found the wife still standing where we left her. 

She gave me a long hug and said "I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to come between you and your boyfriend. You two look great together, and are obviously very compatible sexually, and I know you love to eat pussy and gave me a fantastic fucking. I've been wanting to hook up with you again ever since. The fact that you are gay, or bi, or whatever, doesn't diminish my desire to have you eat and fuck my pussy again. Would you come over for dinner next Friday and help me expose my husband?" 

I responded "I'll have to think about it. I have a lot to think about as I really do like Tim. I'll let you know in a few days." She left, leaving me confused and needing someone to talk to who would understand my situation. 

The bartender came to mind. He's a good listener, and knows I've become a cocksucker. I wonder if he would be willing to listen and help me with making some decisions. Talking to him does have it's risks though, as he's definitely good looking, with a tight, sexy ass and I had just discovered how much I enjoy fucking ass. Would I be able to stay focused... and keep my hands off him?

...to be continued...