 Here it is, Saturday night and I'm sitting at home alone, hitting the beer. Tim should be here sharing a hot night of fucking and sucking with me, but instead he stormed out having a jealous fit. I am confused with more questions than answers. Things I know, two weeks ago I found a long denied passion and love of sucking cock. I also discovered that I love having a man fuck me, probing my ass with his cock and unloading his seed deep in me. I fucked Tim earlier today and it was great. But I also love eating and fucking pussy. 

Until two weeks ago I would have said I was straight, but now I'm not sure. Am I gay? Bi? Or am I just a horny jerk that will fuck anything? That wouldn't explain my newfound love for cocksucking. And my feelings for Tim. It's one thing to have fabulous sex with him, but I'm developing feelings for him, a man, and that is really confusing and scary. I have questions that I need to find answers for. 

Finishing one beer and opening another, getting drunk and I'm glad I'm at home. 

The only person I can think to call that would (hopefully) understand my situation is Bill, the bartender. I call the bar and he answers. It's loud, and must be busy. I said "Bill, this is Rick, I really need to talk to someone, and I could't think of anyone else to call."

"Rick, you sound really drunk. Why don't you get some sleep and come over tomorrow afternoon and we can talk."

"Do you mind if I come by after I work out at the gym? I'll be sweaty."

"Rick, I love my men sweaty. If you aren't sweaty when you get here, you will be before you leave."

I told I'd see him tomorrow and crashed for the night. 

I woke up with a hangover and needed a good workout to sweat it out and headed to the gym. The gym wasn't crowded and I got in a great workout and was starting to feel better. In the locker room I undressed, wrapped a towel around my waist and headed to the shower. The gym was so empty I thought some time in the sauna would be relaxing and help me sweat the beer out. I entered the sauna and was glad to find I had it to myself. I sat down, leaned back, and closed my eyes, enjoying the heat and the steam. 

My peace was interrupted by a man coming in and sitting across from me. I guessed he was probably sixty, or so, easily old enough to be my father. He hit me as a former jock, well muscled, but carrying an extra 25-30 pounds. He was tall, salt and pepper hair, nice crop of salt and pepper hair on his chest and down his stomach. He had his legs spread, giving me a good view of his nice cock and balls under his towel. I closed my eyes and leaned my head back against the wall, thinking about the handsome man sitting across from me, and his nice cock. I was pondering why I made a point of checking out his cock, and realized I was getting an erection thinking about him, that I was getting aroused thinking about sucking his cock. I thought that I need to get out of there before he notices my condition. 

I opened my eyes and he was looking at me. He asked if I liked what I saw, and when I didn't answer, he removed his towel, fully exposing his cock and balls. I was like a deer in the headlights, staring at his cock, when he said "I've always heard gay men give the best blowjobs. I've never had the opportunity to find out if that is true before. My wife hasn't given me a blowjob in over twenty years, and I'm lucky if we fuck once a month. I can tell you like what you see and that you want to suck my cock, don't you?"

My gaze rose from his hardening cock, noticing the hair on his stomach and chest were glistening with sweat. I met his gaze and said "yes, you have a nice cock and I would love to suck it." I moved over and grabbed his sweaty cock. I took the head in my mouth, swirling my tongue around it, breathing in his sweaty manliness. I kissed down the underside, licking down to his sweaty, hairy balls and sucked them into my mouth and rolled them with my tongue, enjoying the musky taste. Fear of someone walking in on us caused me to move up and take his cock deep in my mouth, for the first time ever, wanting him to come quickly. I moved up and down his shaft, maintaining suction and using my tongue. I pushed his cock into my throat, my nose buried in his thick, sweaty pubic hair. as much as I wanted him to cum quickly, I also wanted to savor this experience. I looked up at him, meeting his gaze as I moved up and down the length of his cock. His breathing was heavy, and I saw pleasure in his expression. His body started to shake and he lifted his ass off the bench, flexing his ass and pushing his cock deep into my throat. His cock hardened and he exploded in my mouth, shooting loads of delicious cum as if he hadn't had an orgasm in months. I continued to suck every drop. I took his cock out of my mouth and stroked it, bringing another drop out which I licked off and then sucked the full length again to be sure I got all of his seed. 

I looked up at him and asked, "why did you think I was gay?"

He said "the way you looked at me, slowly shifting your gaze down from my eyes, taking in my chest, and how your gaze paused on my cock, and you licked your lips while you looked at my cock. When I first came in I figured you were just another jock trying to hold onto the glory days. But what really gave you away was how looking at my cock gave you a hard on. What I had heard was true, that was the best blowjob I've ever gotten, and it was great how you let me cum in your mouth. My wife would never let me do that."

"That's the reward for a job well done, I was looking forward to your cum."

"I work out every Sunday at this time, I'd love for you to meet me each week and suck my cock."

I said "it's too risky to do it here. We'll have to find a more private place. You could come over to my house."

He said "that would be great! I'll see you next week."

I took a cold shower and headed over to Bill's. Another man now considers me to be gay, and I gave him plenty of justification to believe that I am. I now have another question that needs answering, 'am I becoming a cock whore?'

I knock on Bill's door and he opens it wearing a baby blue silk robe and slippers, invites me in and gives me a hug. His body feels good close to mine, and I return the hug, squeezing him tight. He asks if I want a beer and we head into the kitchen. He hands me a beer and asks what it is that I need to talk about. I tell him about the whirlwind I've gone through the last two weeks, my new found love of man on man sex, how I love sucking cock, getting fucked, and fucking Tim. My confusion is that I'm still attracted to women and love to eat and fuck pussy. How is it that I've been straight all my life, and in the last two weeks it seems that every time I turn around someone else is telling me I'm gay. And to top it off, I'm developing strong feelings for Tim, and he won't answer my calls or respond to my texts. Am I gay? bi? a cock whore? should I help the wife next door turn her husband out? How do I patch things up with Tim? or do I move on?

I'm just getting going with all of my questions, doubts and confusion when he takes my face in his hands and kisses me, pushing his tongue into my mouth. He tastes great and I like how he is kissing me, tenderly. I open up to him and hug him, running my hands up and grab his ass. I can tell he is naked under his robe and his body feels firm, sexy, under his silk robe. I'm getting an erection and I can feel his hard cock pressing against my stomach. I open his robe as he pulls my shirt off. He looks even better undressed than I had imagined. I kiss his chest, nibble on his tit, and find myself kissing my way down his stomach to his beautiful seven inch cock. I take it in my mouth and begin sucking it, and think to myself, this is the second cock I've sucked today! Now is no time to worry about that and give my full attention to giving Bill the best blow job of his life. 

Once again I'm enjoying the firmness of a great cock probing my throat, the softness of it's skin on my tongue, the masculine smell of a man. I'm aroused, my cock hard as a rock as I move up and down Bill's cock, enjoying it's length, savoring every inch. I spit on my finger and start to explore his ass as I continue sucking his cock. The combination of my probing his ass and sucking is sending him over the edge, his body stiffens, starts to shiver, his ass starts to squeeze on my finger, and I feel his cock jerk, shooting a load of his cum in my mouth, followed by several more. He's a big cummer and I have to swallow several times quickly to avoid having any escape my hungry mouth. I slow my pace and gently suck the full length of his cock, slowly milking every drop of his delicious cum. I withdraw my finger from his ass and stand, hug him and kiss him, allowing him to taste his cum. 

He says "that was an awesome blow job. Only someone who loves to suck cock can suck like that. You would have to be Gay to be so good at, and to obviously enjoy sucking cock like that."

I grabbed him and turned him around and bent him over the counter, kicked his feet apart and threw his robe up over his head exposing his firm ass. I spit on my cock and rubbed it up and down his crack and started to push it into his man pussy. He said "fuck me! stick your cock in my ass and fuck me hard."

I spit on my cock again and started pushing it into his ready ass. He felt wonderful, soft to my cock, tight as I probed deeper with each stroke until I was completely buried in his ass. I grabbed his hips and fucked him slowly and deeply, enjoying each stroke, knowing I wouldn't last long. Bill was squeezing my cock, contracting his ass, pushing against each of my thrusts, each stroke getting faster and harder as my pleasure heightened as my orgasm approached. 

Bill moaned and said "I'm loving how you are fucking me. Fuck me harder as only a gay man can! Don't stop, I'm going to cum!"

I increased the pace, slamming my cock deep in his ass as I was overcome with my orgasm, shooting my load deep in his ass as it spasmed on my cock and he unloaded his cum onto the kitchen counter. I collapsed onto his back and kissed his neck and said "you have a fabulous ass, and you were right, I'm a sweaty mess now."

He answered "I think you've answered one of your questions, you are definitely gay, no straight man could give me the fucking you just did. Let's get another beer."

I took a big chug of beer and said "I admit I love man on man sex, but I still love eating and fucking pussy, at least I think I still do. So doesn't that make me BI?"

It could mean that you are BI, but I think you are definitely leaning GAY. The one way to find out is to hook up with a woman and find out. Maybe helping out your neighbor would provide the opportunity to compare him to her and see if you still have an attraction to her and which one you feel the stronger desire for."

"I think that's a good idea when you put it that way. I's still confused by my feelings for Tim, a man. It's one thing to suck his awesome cock, and I love it when he fucks me, but that's sex. I'm talking about emotions, deep feelings, and he won't answer my calls or texts."

"you shouldn't give up on Tim. But I'm here for you. you are always welcome to come over.. We can talk, have a few beers, and I would love for you to suck my cock and fuck me again. You have a magical mouth, and that fucking you laid on me was one if the best I've ever had. The reason you are so good is I sense you have a real passion for cocksucking and gay fucking."

Tim is competing in an olympic triathlon this Saturday. Would it be ok to go and cheer him on? or would that be violating his space? and to see all those fit men in their skin tight tri suits would be hot!"

"You seem to be going through an obsession with cock period, which is not unusual for someone when they first accept repressed gay desires or come out of the closet. You don't want to go and have Tim see you flirting, or worse, with another man. That would probably end your chances of getting him back."

I think I will have dinner with the neighbors Friday night, and will keep trying to contact Tim. I still think about Rob and his awesome cock, and would love to suck it again. I know he will be at the bar Tuesday night and would want me to suck him off again, but he makes me feel used."

"You seem to have a hard time getting cock off your mind. While Rob may make you feel used, remember you are responsible for giving him pleasure, which is a powerful feeling. And he may also have repressed gay desires and you are helping him come to enjoy man on man sex, and accept these feelings. You may even suggest he try fucking you next time you suck him off."

"I'll have to think about that. 

...to be continued...

I appreciate the feedback and input.