 Tuesday night and I'm leaving the office late again, debating, should I go to the gym and do my usual Tuesday night workout, or to the bar for a beer? Rob, and his monster cock might be there, and if he is, I'm sure he'll want me to suck it for him. He's a mountain of a man, 100% stud. Who wouldn't want to suck his big fat cock? (is that a gay thought?). I know I do and sucking his cock on Tuesday nights is becoming a regular thing, and it's a lot more fun than working out. 

I park and walk into the bar. It's not as crowded as usual and I grab my stool at the end of the bar. Bill comes over and says "it's great to see you, I'm glad you came in. I meant everything I said on Sunday. You are fabulous in...I started to say in bed, but we never made it to the bed. You need to come over again and we can get naked and spend some passionate time in the bed."

"Sounds like an invitation that would be hard to refuse. Could you get me a beer?"

He walked down to the taps to draw me a beer. He seemed to be swishing his hips more than I remember, bringing my attention to his sexy ass. He returned with my beer and said "I bet you are here hoping to see Rob and get to suck him off again."

"Bill, is it that obvious that I need a cock in my mouth tonight? Do you really think he has repressed gay urges?"

"Keep sucking his cock and see if you can get him to open up to you. You might get lucky and get him to fuck your sweet ass. I know I still want to. Don't look now, but guess who just walked in?"

I turned and saw Rob, our eyes locked and he walked straight over to me. He put his big, strong hand on my shoulder and said "I knew you would be here waiting to suck my cock."

"Rob, I know you've been looking forward to having me deep throat your awesome cock and give you the best orgasms of your life. And yes, I enjoy sucking your cock and bringing you pleasure."

"Let's go cocksucker, times wasting" as he headed down the hall to the men's room. 

Bill winked at me as I was getting up and said "enjoy, I want to hear all about it."

I walked into the Men's room and Rob was waiting by the door of the last stall. I went in and he closed and locked the door behind us. I dropped my pants to the floor and pulled my baby blue bikini briefs down so he could see my full erection and know being with him was a real turn on for me. I turned around and leaned over, offering him my ass to him and asked "wouldn't you love to fuck me instead, tonight?"

He turned me around and forcefully pushed me down to my knees and said "you know the rules, you're only allowed to touch my cock, get to work cocksucker!"

I grabbed his cock which was already hard and started stroking it, leaning in, licking and sucking his hairy balls. He must have had a long day as his man aroma was stronger than usual. I inhaled deeply, enjoying his scent. I tried to lick towards his asshole but the position I was in wouldn't allow it. I pulled his cock down and took the big mushroom shaped head into my mouth and licked around it, sucking it as I continued to stroke its length. I was enjoying playing with its head, savoring its taste, and taking it slow. My lips were stretched around its thickness when he grabbed the back of my head, pulling it to him, shoving his cock deep into my throat until my nose was against his ripped, hairy stomach, and he said "quit playing around, suck it deep."

I heard myself moaning with pleasure, always amazed at the size of his cock, and loving how it felt, filling my mouth and reaching deeply into my throat. I started diving down onto it until my nose would hit his stomach, then backing off until just the head was in my mouth. I could hear Rob starting to breathe faster and he began to moan quietly. I knew he was getting to the point of no return and thought I would try touching him in new ways he hadn't allowed before. I started rubbing the backs of his powerful legs, massaging from just above the knees, moving upward, closer to his great ass, moving closer with each pass. He continued to hold my head with both hands as I continued to suck his monster cock. My hands were now touching the bottom of his ass and I thought now was the time as I could sense him getting close. I moved my hands up and grabbed his ass checks, massaging them, pulling him to me each time I dove down on his magnificent cock, with no objection from Rob. I felt his ass spasm in my hand, flexed, was hard as a rock as he exploded deep in my throat. I backed off so the head was in my mouth so I could taste and enjoy his seed. While I missed the first couple of shots down my throat, he had a huge load for me tonight. I continued to massage his ass as I slowed the pace and gently milked his cock dry. He seemed unusually hot tonight, and I wondered if it was because he was thinking about my showing, and offering my ass to him. Was he thinking about fucking me? 

I stood up, turned around and leaned over, showing him my ass again, and said, "Rob, I love sucking your cock, but you really need to fuck me sometime. I know you will love it. It will be our secret."

He pulled up his pants and left without saying a word. 

I returned to the bar and sat on my stool, waved at Bill that I wanted a beer and looked around for Rob. He was nowhere to be seen and must have left. Bill brought me a beer and said "judging by the grin on your face, you must have enjoyed yourself. I want to here all about it."

I told him how I showed him my ass, offering it to him, how he let me massage his legs and ass as I sucked his monster cock, and showed him my ass again after he pumped a huge load of delicious cum in my mouth and down my throat. 

"Rick, I'm jealous that you sucked his cock instead of mine. I'm horny just thinking about it."

"Can you take a break? I can see your cock trying to bust out of your pants and I can't leave you like that."

"Let me get you another beer. I do have a break in ten minutes. When you see me go into the back, follow me and meet me in the office in the back."

He brought me a beer and I chugged it, anxious to meet him in back. I can't believe how eager I am to suck his cock, having just sucked Rob's monster 15 minutes ago. I thought to myself I am just helping a good friend in need. No, I must really be becoming a cock whore. Bill winked at me and turned, walking to the back, moving his hips in a sexy way. I jumped off my stool and headed down the hall to the office. He let me in and locked the door. I unbuckled his belt, unzipped his pants and pulled his pants and bikini briefs down to his feet. I couldn't believe how fast I had his cock in my mouth, working it in and out of my throat, enjoying its taste, its hardness, the smell of his manliness. He pulled me up and said "you sucked my cock and fucked me Sunday. Its my turn to suck your cock!"

Before I knew it he had my pants down and was sucking my balls as he stroked my cock. He was obviously an experienced cocksucker, masterfully sucking it, taking it all into his hot wet mouth. I ran my fingers through his hair, thinking that I had never experienced a better blowjob. He reached between my legs and started rubbing my asshole, gently probing, sending shivers of pleasure throughout my body. I told him I was getting ready to cum and he started sucking faster, sending me over the edge and I erupted in his mouth. He milked me dry and stood up and gave me a kiss, sharing some of my cum with me. 

I pushed him back against the desk, told him to sit up on it, and dove back down on his cock. After sucking it for a few minutes I moved down and sucked his balls. He was moaning, and I licked under his balls. He lifted his legs giving me easy access to his asshole. I had never thought about licking someone's asshole, but found myself licking his, pushing my tongue into it and licking around it as I continued to stroke his cock. He was groaning and telling me to fuck his ass with my tongue. I was loving my newfound way of making a man squirm with pleasure and wished I had time to fuck him. Unfortunately we didn't, so I replaced my tongue with a finger and started probing his ass as I resumed sucking his cock deep in my mouth and throat. I continued bobbing up and down and could sense, and feel the orgasm rising up in him as he started moaning loader and grabbed my head with both hands and began face fucking me taking control, telling me what a cock slut I was, as he erupted in my mouth, feeding me his cum. I licked and milked him dry and stood and gave him a kiss. We embraced, kissing deeply, passionately, but more softly than the aggressive, physical way Tim kisses me. 

He said "I was surprised you sucked me after I took care of you. Most men lose interest after they cum. And that was an amazing blow job. I didn't know you liked to eat ass. I loved that, you could do that to me all night."

"Bill, you have an awesome cock. There's no way I would pass up an opportunity to suck it and please you. I don't know where it came from, but I got the urge to eat your ass. That's something I've never done before, but I liked it and am sure I'll do it again. l've got to be going."

"Are you planning on having dinner with your neighbors? I would love for you to come over this weekend so we can spend some quality time together...in bed!"

"I am going to have dinner with them Friday night. I'll tell you all about it. I'm still, trying to get in touch with Tim, and he's still ignoring me. I'm thinking about going to watch him compete in his triathlon on Saturday."

...to be continued...