 Allison stroked firmly up and down Ricky's cock, jacking him to a quite pleasurable hard on. His luscious naked body twitched at the attention his cock was receiving, his tight stomach was taut and flat and his charming chest glistened in the late afternoon light. Allison was wearing only a thin pair of simple string bikini panties and her shapely hips accented her own tiny waist and velvety, firm stomach while her lovely, well-rounded titties jiggled a bit as she tugged on Ricky's cock. The tanned, blonde couple seemed out of place in the sometimes-dreary confines of an old apartment deep in Boston, like they should be on the beach out in California.

"Tell me your wildest fantasy Ricky," Allison intoned.

Ricky was now rubbing his fingers along her moistened, panty sheathed crease as the two were masturbating each other firmly in splendid foreplay.

"No, you tell me yours Ally," Ricky replied. 

A series of "you, no you, ...no you go first" ensued before a silly paper/rock/scissors ended with Ricky losing and having to go first.

"Well I've got one, but I'm afraid you might think I'm strange," Ricky said.

"Tell me! I want to hear it, Ricky!"

"I...I don't know," he hesitated. Allison cupped his balls and jacked a bit more on his cock.

"Come on! I'd love to hear. I don't care how out there it is," Allison pleaded.

"OK, but promise you won't freak out," Ricky whispered.

"Tell me, I don't care how kinky," Allison whispered back as her hand continued its arousal on Ricky's handsome cock and her own pussy was now sopping with anticipation and the agitation of Ricky's fingers.

"It is a bit kinky, but I'd love ...to...," Ricky hesitated.

"Wear my panties?" Allison asked.

"NO!" Ricky said with a bit of terror in his eyes, like a dark secret had been revealed.

"I'm sorry. Just checking, you know some guys like that," she said with a slight grin, like she knew something she wasn't supposed too.

"Well, I'd love to have a 3 way, you know a ménage a tois," he managed to let out and as he was about to continue Allison interrupted.

"That's it? Its cool, but its not really what I'd call 'kinky' dear," she blurted out as she continued to stroke her lover's cock.

"Can I finish, Jeez," Ricky interjected.

"Sorry, go on," Allison said softly.

"Anyway, its not the kind of 3 way you think," Ricky said softly, almost hesitantly. "It would be you & me and an..."

"Another guy?" Allison asked. Ricky nodded. Allison smiled, "That's better, guess we all got to try something bi one time or another to see what its all about. Would you like him to do this," she said as she plunged her mouth over his penis engulfing the throbbing beast in her warm mouth.

Ricky moaned and said, "Oh fuck yes," as she sucked a bit more on his cock. She came up for air and asked:

"Like that don't you – have a hot guy suck on your cock for us. Would you suck his?" she asked.

"I...I'm not sure, I've never done that," he lied. 

He knew good and well what sucking a guy's cock was all about. He had been seeing two different guys in the past few months and was very confused about his sexuality, fearing he was more gay than not. He never would have brought it up to Allison in a non-sexual setting but the way this little game developed he actually felt relieved to let on a little about his bisexual inclinations. Allison in some ways thought he might have some gay tendencies, just the way he talked to and about cute guys, but they had a pretty intense sex life and she couldn't imagine he was capable of such a thing.

"I think its strange two guys having sex with each other, but you guys fantasize about lesbians all the time so maybe we could make it fun, 3 of us," Allison mused. "Who would you pick, if you could?"

Almost simultaneously both Allison and Ricky blurted out:

"Peter!?"

"Yeah, that would be interesting,...Peter," Allison cooed. 

Peter! Yes, Peter! She thought to herself. She actually had screwed Peter here in their apartment after a holiday party with Peter's girlfriend Yvette and Ricky both passed out on the couch. He was a handsome boy much like her own Ricky and it vague circles Peter had been rumored to have been bi in the past.

"You think?" Allison offered, trying to see where Ricky would take things.

"Well, its been rumored that he might be bi," Ricky replied. 

"I guess that makes it intriguing that he knows what its like and a guy that's bi would be much easier to get in bed with us hon," he whispered in her ear as he rubbed her pussy a bit more firmly and she squirmed, moaned and bit his ear. 

"Oh fuck yes, I'm game," Allison whispered as she slipped Ricky's hand into her panties to feel how wet she was.

"Now you go, tell me yours Ally," Ricky beseeched.

"Well, I'd love to get fucked onstage, with an audience," Allison told him. 

"Like in an elegant theatre with people dressed up and looking down on me. But more than just a public fucking I'd want it to be almost tribal with 4 or five handsome studs fucking me at the same time," she said as Ricky's finger was now slipping into her warm wetness causing her to squirm.

"Yeah I'd like to come out onstage in a little black dress, you know the one's with spaghetti straps and low cut and my breasts shimmering in it's very thin material and my nipples hard and poking out. It would be a stylish, expensive dress with it cut high on one hip showing off my legs and long to a point on the other. I'd have on black stockings and a red tiny garter belt and nothing more underneath."

"Mmmmmmmmmm," Ricky responded as he continued to finger Allison as she jacked on his throbbing, aching cock glistening and dripping with pre-cum.

"Two hot chicks would come on stage and there would be a long, low couch with no arms or back, just a soft cushion to lay out and get fucked on. The little hotties would be in elegant black dresses too and as the hot guys started to walk on stage wearing only lush, colored robes one of the hotties would take out a pair of scissors and cut my dress off of me. It would fall in a pile at my feet and I'd be standing there exposed to everyone and the hotties would lay me on the couch. One of them would start licking my pussy & the other would take off her dress and sink her tiny shaved pussy in my face. You know kind of a appetizer on both ends to get me going." 

With this she rose up over him and prepared to lower her own pussy on his face.

"Oh Fuck Yeah," Ricky said as this little fantasy was quite ingenious and stimulating to hear. Allison then with her panties sliding off ground her fired up femininity into his face. 

With eagerness Ricky responded to the closely trimmed treat thrust into his face and tasted its pungent essence. His cock throbbed as he licked and sucked firmly on her amazing crease.

"But before I got too into it," Allison continued, "the guys were pulling me off and one stud lays on his back on the couch. I climb on top of him and sink his cock deep into me." 

With this she slid back down, grabbed his cock and impaled herself on it. She began to fuck herself madly, holding herself up with her hands on the bed as Ricky played with her sweet titties. She continued her fantasy:

"A guy would come up and point his fat cock in my face, so I'd be getting fucked and blowing a guy too," her words now totally consuming Ricky as he imagined it was him being fucked and sucking off a handsome guy. 

He thrust his aching and soon to be exploding cock up to meet Allison's frenzied humping.

"Oh yeah, two cocks, then I feel a poke in my ass and wiggle back to meet it," she says as she grabs Ricky's hand and uses his finger to simulate her taking a cock up her ass. 

Ricky's has enjoyed her other hole before and gladly fingers her. 

"Shit, that feels good – before long I have a cock in each hand too. Shit, 5 cocks for me, what a nasty slut I am, don't you think Ricky?"

He nods as he is caught up in her fantasy and the fantastic stimulation his cock in feeling deep inside the lovely Allison. Her fantasy captivates him but it sends him off in another direction too. His thought wander to all those cocks she is talking about and he knows he would enjoy being the center of attention for 5 hot guys. Shit what a hot fantasy, he thinks, as he is getting close.

"A nasty but elegant slut for you Ricky, as all the people in the audience are getting hot by my show," Allison moans as she too is close from the verbal and physical stimulation. 

In her mind she imagines the two hottie female attendants now locked in a lesbian 69, stimulating further her excited state. 

But she continues, "Yeah getting fucked by two guys at once and a cock in my mouth and jacking on two cocks as well. Fuck. OH Yeah! That feels so good. I suck each guy in turn. Tasting their hard dicks. Jacking on their meaty poles. Fuck Yeah! I love cock Ricky. You know that, don't you? Can't get enough, fuck me, fuck me, FUCK ME!!!!!!" she screams as she imagines cum pouring from three cocks in her face and one in each hole and she climaxes as Ricky too cums pounding his cock up into his hottie little blonde, Allison.

They writhed in passionate fucking, as hot both as of them can remember, with Ricky & Allison loving both the physical and the spoken nature of their sex game. As they collapse in post sex exhaustion they nuzzle and whisper their mmm, mmm mmms to each other for such a horny little afternoon fuck. 

"Oh Ricky, that was hot. Hope you loved my horny little fantasy. I liked yours too. Know what? My sexcapade on stage might be too out there to ever happen, but I'd love to make your fantasy a reality some time. Fuck yeah, you, Peter & me. The more the merrier!" She said as she imagined a hard and naked Peter in bed with them, her pussy aching, wet and warm from the sex and the thought of it. 

Ricky smiled and nodded as he kissed her wonderful breasts and tried not to let on how much he really would having Peter in bed with them. Or he wouldn't mind being in bed alone with Peter either, if she only knew, if she only knew.

**************

Ricky's bisexual yearnings had been percolating barely below the surface for the past several years; he just didn't know what to do about it other than frenzied masturbation and wild gay fantasy. Jeremiah was a handsome black boy from Jamaica. At 20 he was tall and slender, with soft facial features and a soft almost feminine voice. His mannerism were also quite feminine and if you heard him speak you would have not questioned that he was gay, even with his thick Caribbean accent. Jeremiah had known he was gay since he was much younger and had no qualms about his sexuality. He loved white boys and had taken a keen interest in Ricky who he had met at the coffee shop where students and ex students hung out.

Ricky was a bit afraid of being seen with Jeremiah, but deep inside he was very curious about a gay encounter. One day at the coffee shop when things were quiet and they were talking Jeremiah invited Ricky over to his apartment. He gave his address and phone on a piece of paper and told him to meet him there in one hour and left with a smile. Ricky shuddered a bit with anticipation, and was not sure he could go through with it. The minutes crawled by but eventually the opportunity that he had longed for was waiting. He nervously left the coffee shop and followed the directions to the nearby apartment.

He knocked on the door and Jeremiah opened it with a smile.

"I've been expecting you," he said with a grin in his thick & gay Caribbean accent. Ricky smiled shyly and Jeremiah took his hand, leading him down the hall.

"Don't be afraid Ricky," he said. "You will never enjoy anything more."

They reached Jeremiah's bedroom and Jeremiah took both of Ricky's hands as they stood by the bed. He looked deeply into Ricky's eyes and whispered a soft "hi". He pulled Ricky close and the stimulation of about to be kissed by another guy made Ricky's cock swell in his jeans. Jeremiah's lips touched Ricky's as they began a quiet and gentle gay kiss. Jeremiah did not linger with the kiss but pulled the other boy close and they laid heads on each other's shoulders getting used to the newness of each other's bodies.

Jeremiah lifted Ricky's shirt off and ran his ebony hands over the naked whiteness of Ricky's chest, who shuddered at the touch. Jeremiah then lifted his arms for Ricky to follow suit. Ricky pulled off Jeremiah's shirt and the two boys were now topless as they fell back into each other experiencing the nakedness of each other and began kissing anew. Ricky's cock swelled in his jeans and he felt Jeremiah's hardness swell against his. Jeremiah broke the kiss and started to undo Ricky's jeans. Rick quivered as his pants opened and he felt the strange feeling of another boy's hand upon the flesh of his cock. Jeremiah reached in feeling the length of Ricky's magnificent white cock. His hands stroked gently up and down its length a few sizzling strokes before cupping and fondling Ricky's tight balls, caressing them and delighting in touching them. 

Jeremiah then pulled his hand out and spread his arms away from his body to gesture to Ricky to return the favor. Ricky undid Jeremiah's pants and nervously repeated on Jeremiah what had just been done to him. Ricky's cock jutted hard out of his pants as he saw and felt the naked blackness of Jeremiah's cock. It swelled huge at Ricky's touch and Jeremiah smiled as this gay initiation unfolded. Feeling the cock of another male was something Ricky had dreamed about and masturbated about many times. Here it was growing and hard right in his very hands. Jeremiah returned his hands to Ricky's hips and started pulling down his jeans. Ricky stepped out of them and removed his socks and stood there naked with his hard cock aching as Jeremiah again spread his arms away from his body to let Ricky do the same to him. Ricky responded in kind and soon both young men were standing in front of each other naked and hard. 

Jeremiah looked deeply into Ricky's eyes as he touched Ricky's dick with both hands, pulling on it gently. Ricky moaned at the feeling and looked down to see Jeremiah's huge black cock. Ricky was always a hit with the ladies with his wonderfully large cock and balls, but Jeremiah had a tool like he had never seen. It was massive with a coal black large helmet head and it felt incredible as he reached to touch it. He noticed on the sensitive underside there was a pinkish band almost the same color as the palms of Jeremiah's black hands. 

They stood there for a minute and enjoyed the sensation of playing with the other's cock as their own was being played with. Jeremiah pressed his hard cock into Ricky as he coaxed a more passionate and hungry gay kiss out of the handsome, blond white boy who was now becoming possessed by his own gay lust and kissed with an ardor unlike his tentative and nervous first kiss with Jeremiah. The gay black boy was happy that his gay seduction was successful, but it was by no means complete.

Jeremiah slid to his knees and engulfed Ricky's cock with his mouth in one warm, wet, swift movement. Ricky cringed in ecstasy. Allison could suck a cock but this whole previously unknown, forbidden gay sensation was like no sexual wonder he had ever known. Jeremiah deftly throated and sucked Ricky's cock, pulling it out several times to rub it all over his face and lick up & down the shaft, before returning it to his mouth. He knew Ricky might come if he kept it up much longer so he rose up to kiss Ricky and led him onto the plush satiny bed. 

The two boys embraced and kissed wildly as their naked bodies and cocks rubbed against each other. Both cocks were hard and warm and sticky with pre-cum. Jeremiah knew how to seduce another boy and he fondled Ricky's cock a little more before returning Ricky's cock to his mouth. He wanted Ricky as hot as possible, but to not make him come just yet. He sucked a few more long loving sucks on the handsome white boy's cock before pulling away and guiding his own massive cock up towards Ricky's face. Jeremiah knew if he sucked Ricky off first, the gay novice might get scared after the pleasant sensation wore off and Jeremiah might not get any reciprocation in Ricky's mouth, maybe not even a hand job if he got scared and fled. No, Jeremiah knew how to bring an inexperienced gay lover to the brink and then let the pent up lust take over from there.

Ricky played perfectly into Jeremiah's plans and he longed to taste the black beast that was waving in his face. As he moved his mouth and face closer he could smell the pungent scent of cock and he slowly began to lick and sniff the big black cock. It's scent captivated Ricky and after rubbing the beast all over his face and licking it a few times he got brave and slid the helmet head into his mouth. 

Jeremiah whispered "good boy" to softly urge Ricky on as he ran his hands through his hair. 

Ricky had no idea that cock would taste so good, kind of earthy, masculine and fleshy and stimulating on his senses and sucking on this cock made his own cock harder than ever. 

Jeremiah rolled onto his back and let Ricky take over. Ricky went mad with cock sucking lust and though a novice he got into it and knew this was the best sex he had ever had. Ricky pulled out the black beast and lovingly licked the masculine pole and jacked on it with his hands a few times as it waved madly in his face before returning the cock to his mouth. 

Ricky renewed his cock sucking on Jeremiah's black beast and slurping and sucking noises sounded among the intensely heavy breathing of the two aroused boys. Ricky bobbed enthusiastically with his mouth over the cock when it then shook and spasmed cum into Ricky's virgin mouth. He was a good sport about it, but as the staggering volume of cum filled his mouth and shook his senses with the newness of its not so shameful taste, much of it started to spill out and he took his mouth off and jacked the rest of the molten spunk over his hand and Jeremiah's stomach. 

Jeremiah smiled and heaved a satisfied sigh as Ricky watched and tasted in amazement of what it is for a young man to be on the giving end of a blowjob. Ricky's cock was harder than ever as he collapsed next to Jeremiah to contemplate his gay adventure and hope that Jeremiah would return the favor. Jeremiah reached down to feel Ricky's throbbing white cock and my how Jeremiah loved naked white boys, boys like Ricky around 19 or 20.

Jeremiah kissed Ricky gently and then kissed a trail down his chest and stomach to Ricky's cock. He was pleased to find a new inexperienced lover like Ricky to initiate into the world of gay male sex. Ricky was relieved when Jeremiah again found Ricky's aching cock with his mouth. He was gentle yet firm with his sucking, engulfing it and pulling off in long sucks and then licking Ricky's shaft and balls before resuming sucking off the handsome white boy. 

It wasn't much longer before Ricky trembled and quaked an astonishing orgasm, being very loud & animated saying

"OH FUCK YEAH" and the unintelligible orgasmic cries people make when they cum. 

Jeremiah licked and sucked Ricky dry relishing every drop of cum that Ricky's cock spewed forth. When Ricky could take no more, he tugged on Jeremiah's shoulder to bring him up in his arms. The two naked young men cuddled and kissed as Jeremiah pulled up the covers and put his arms around his new lover, whispering soft gay nothings into Ricky's ear.

Ricky felt so strange being in bed, naked, with this handsome black boy, a young man really. All of the fantasizing was over and here he was cuddled under the arms of another male, his head resting on his black chest as Jeremiah ran his fingers through Ricky's blond hair. Ricky's penis felt warm and pleasantly spent from their sexual encounter. The scent and feel of masculinity electrified his discovery. 
