 I was awakened by the rough landing and was surprised I had slept through the entire flight. I was glad I had all my gear in one carryon bag and headed straight to the rental car desk after getting off the plane. I rented an average rental as I wanted to have a low profile and keep to myself this week. After checking in, I looked around the hotel. It had a nice restaurant, bar and large pool and whirlpool. The weight room was small but had small locker rooms and a sauna. 

My room was a nice room, a king bed, large bathroom and shower, and a small refrigerator. It was only noon, so I thought I would change and go to the beach. I put on my speedo and looked at myself in the mirror. I have never worn it outside of my backyard for fear of being labeled gay. I thought, after going out in drag Friday night, wearing a speedo is nothing. I put on a pair of shorts, t-shirt and sandals, grabbed my beach bag and headed out. The beach parking lot was crowded and I was having second thoughts about wearing my speedo. I walked down to the beach and found it crowded. Looking south the crowd thinned as you got further from the parking lot. The beach went several miles south before you reached an inlet. I started walking south and was soon alone and the crowd of people was fading in the distance. I put my beach bag down and took off my shorts and t-shirt, putting them in my bag and continued walking, wearing only my speedo, and feeling liberated. The beach was beautiful white sand, the waves lapping at the shore on my right, crystal clear turquoise water. On my left were dunes with a thick stand of trees creating a pretty contrast. 

After walking over a mile I found myself in the solitude that I was seeking. I laid my towel out and went for a swim. The water was wonderful. As I walked out of the water I noticed a man, a really muscular man, walking down the beach alone. I walked up to my towel, watching him approach me. He was about six feet tall and looked like he just stepped off the Mr. Universe competition stage. Blond hair, deep blue eyes, a really gorgeous man. Tanned and hairless except for wavy his blond hair. He was wearing a bikini, and I couldn't miss the big bulge it was straining to contain. We both arrived at my towel at the same time. He stuck out his hand and said "hi, I'm Vic. How is the water? 

"I'm Rick, and the water is great."

He asked me to join him walking down the beach, and I did. We talked about working out, weight lifting and body building. I'm a muscular guy, but I felt small walking next to Vic. As we walked south I noticed he was angling us up towards the dunes, and we were soon walking next to them. We came to a path into the dunes and he said "let's go up this path."

As we walked down the path we were entering an area where we were hidden from the beach and in a very secluded spot. I asked "where are we going?"

He stopped and looked at me and said, "you want to suck my cock, don't you? I saw how you stared at me as I walked up to you and how you couldn't take your eyes off my crotch, licking your lips."

I felt my cock straining my speedo as it grew, thinking about giving this gorgeous man a blowjob. I looked at his growing cock trying to escape his bikini. I did want to suck his cock, and dropped to my knees and freed his cock. I immediately decided it was his most attractive feature. It was about seven inches, thick, with a nice upward curve. I thought it would be a great cock to ride, and was hoping I'd get a chance to have him fuck me. I grabbed it and started stroking it as I licked and sucked on his big balls. I licked the length of his cock, took the big mushroom head in my mouth and swirled my tongue around it, looking up at Vic, meeting his gaze, captivated by his amazing blue eyes. I welcomed his firm, smooth cock into my mouth, taking more and more of it until my nose was rubbing up against his chiseled, smooth abs. I worked up and down it's length, maintaining suction and using my tongue to massage the underside, appreciating his moans of pleasure as his cock would slide in and out of the depths of my throat. I paused and took his cock out of my mouth to admire it, dripping wet with my saliva, glistening in the light. 

Vic moaned "oooh, don't stop, I'm getting close."

I put it back in my mouth and started sucking it with vigor, focusing on the head and first four inches, working to give him pleasure and making sure none of his cum found my throat before I had the opportunity to enjoy tasting it. I squeezed his rock solid ass cheeks with both hands, and worked his cock in and out of my mouth. His cock stiffened and he blasted my mouth with his seed, which was delicious. I sucked him dry and licked his cock clean. 

I stood up, pulled my hard cock out of my speedo and offered it to him. He said "I'm not gay and don't suck cock. I like to come here and find a gay man like you to give me a blowjob, and you gave me one of the best I've ever gotten."

We started walking back to the beach and I asked him if he has ever considered fucking a gay man, as in addition to giving better blowjobs than women, we are better fucks, too. 

"No, I've never considered it."

We continued to walk and talk and he let me know that nudity was accepted at this end of the beach, but no sex in the open. We got back to my towel and I asked him "Why don't you come over to my hotel room tonight and find out how great fucking a man is, I guarantee you won't be disappointed."

"I'll think about it. how about eight o'clock?"

"That would be great, I'm looking forward to it." 

I watched him walk away, admiring his amazing physique, and thought about how great it would be for him to fuck me, and caught myself licking my lips. No one else was in sight so I took my speedo off and walked down the beach in the nude. It was very erotic being naked out in this beautiful setting. After walking a while I returned to my towel and laid down to work on my tan, now an all over tan. 

After soaking up enough sun for one day I went for a swim and packed up and started strolling up the beach nude. I passed a couple of men laying out nude and a few others walking nude. There was lots of eye candy, as in nice cocks, on this beach. As I was getting near the crowded section I got dressed and hurried back to the hotel, stopping to pick up a 12 pack of beer. When I got to the room I got naked, popped a beer and jumped in the shower to get cleaned up, hoping Vic would come by. I shaved all over, wanting to be smooth and desirable for him, wanting him to enjoy fucking me as much as I knew I would enjoy it. 

I ordered a delivery pizza and ate and drank beer waiting for Vic. 8:00 came and went. 8:30, 9:00, 9:30. I was almost drunk, and had given up on him showing, when there was a hard knock on the door. I jumped up and opened the door and welcomed Vic in and offered him a beer. He declined as he couldn't have the calories, and started undressing and said "suck my cock, faggot. I want another awesome blowjob."

I stripped and pushed him down on the bed, got between his legs and started sucking his beautiful cock. As much as I was enjoying his cock in my mouth, my goal was to get it in my ass, and was thankful that I had pre-lubed earlier. I moved up his body, straddling him. I grabbed his cock and guided it to, and into my ass. I slowly lowered myself on his big, fat cock, stretching my ass to accept it. I soon bottomed out and started moving my ass around and up and down on his cock, massaging my prostate, sending waves of pleasure through my body. This is such a great position for getting fucked, and judging by his moans, he was enjoying it too. Looking down at him, meeting the gaze of his blue eyes, admiring his huge muscles, was very erotic. Veins were popping out of his neck and pecs. His ripped abs were flexing with each thrust up into my ass. I leaned down to kiss him, wanting that closeness, but he wasn't ready to kiss a man yet. He put his arms around me and rolled us over. I raised my legs high and he grabbed them and directed them up on his shoulders. I noticed my muscular legs looked smaller than his huge arms. I loved looking up at him and his amazing body as he aggressively fucked me. It felt awesome. All of his muscles flexing, veins popping, and his cock hitting all the right spots. My body started shivering all over and I was like putty in his control. I tried to delay my orgasm, but couldn't, shooting my load of cum all over my stomach and chest. Vic's face was getting red as he continued to fuck me, then he pushed in deep and I felt his cock twitching in my ass, shooting his load of seed deep in my man pussy. 

He rolled off of me and we lay there exhausted, in silence for several minutes. I spoke up and asked, "Did you enjoy it as much as I did?"

"Yes, that was a great fuck. I'm not gay, and I have no interest in having a romantic relationship with a man, but you gay men really do give better blowjobs than women. Fucking you was great, but different, than fucking a women. I ned to be going."

"I wish you would spend the night, but understand. I'll be here until Saturday, please stop by any time. I'd love to see you again."

He left, I drank another beer and crashed for the night. 

The next morning I woke up needing coffee and something to eat. I dressed in my speedo, shorts and a t-shirt and headed for the beach stopping to eat on the way. It was mid morning and the parking lot was already filling up. I walked south until I was alone and others were in the distance behind me. I stripped naked and kept walking until I approached the inlet. I laid my beach towel out and lay down to soak up some sun. 

I thought about the last month and my gay, and cross dressing explorations. The last 48 hours has only confused me more. Friday night in drag, sucking Danny and the all pro, and getting fucked by the all pro, left me wanting to see them both again for more. I was ready to declare and accept that I am gay, but then I had great sex the next morning with Sue, and with her it's more than just sex, we connect, causing me to re-think my decision. Getting away for some solitude and time to think is what I needed, but then there was Vic, beautiful, muscle man Vic. Would a straight man crave him like I do? No way. 

I was thankful that I was all alone finally, soaking up the sun and working on my all over tan. I was looking forward to showing it to Sue when I got home. There would be no more tan lines if I wore the lace panties she had bought me. I fell asleep wishing I had brought some of them with me. 

I woke up and rolled over, my cock pointing at the sky, trying to remember what I was dreaming about that gave me such a raging hard on. Was it a straight dream? Gay? Would it have given me a clue to my real orientation? My true desires? I couldn't remember. I went for a swim and decided I had enough sun for one day. I packed up and started walking down the beach, splashing in the water, enjoying my nudity and the solitude. 

I saw three people laying on the beach ahead. They were on beach towels about twenty yards up from the water. I thought about putting on my speedo, but noticed they were naked, so I continued walking along the waters edge. As I got closer I saw it was two men, laying on their backs, and a really attractive woman, sitting up watching me approach. They were younger than me, early to mid-twenties. She had a great tan, orange sized, perky breasts and long brown hair pulled back in a pony tail. I looked away and continued to walk, ignoring them, not wanting to invade their space.

As I got directly in front of them she spoke "Hey, how are you doing? Can I ask you a question?" She waved me to come over. I walked towards them and noticed she was sitting giving me a great view of her shaved, tanned pussy. The two guys sat up. They were your typical average guys with average cocks. Looking at the three of them I felt myself getting aroused and fought allowing my cock to get hard. 

She continued "I told my friends that if they came to the beach with me that I would get a gay man to give them blowjobs. Would you help me out and suck their cocks for me? They say they are straight, but I think they might be gay and getting a gay blowjob might get them to admit it."

One of them spoke up and said, "I'm not gay, but I wouldn't turn down a blowjob."

I looked her in the eyes and said, "I'll give them blowjobs with one condition, they then have to suck my cock, and if they refuse, you agree to give me a blowjob. Agreed?"

She nodded her head and I put my bag down and dropped to my knees and grabbed both cocks, stroking them both, and leaned in and took the first one in my mouth. If this was their first blowjob from a man, I wanted it to be a good one. I licked it and took it into my mouth. It wasn't long enough to reach my throat, so I worked it with just my mouth. He was raising his ass off the towel and started cumming in my mouth. I couldn't believe how fast he came. I sucked him dry and turned my attention to the other cock that I had continued to stroke. He was about the same length, but a little bit thicker than the first one. I could still taste the cum from the first cock and wondered if this guy would taste different. I took him in my mouth and started sucking and moving up and down it's length. He lay back down and started to moan with pleasure. 

The girl said to #1, "that looks so hot, don't you want to suck cock? Look at the gay guy's cock, it's a couple of inches longer, and thicker than yours. You know you want to hold his big cock, find out what it feels like to have a big cock in your hand and in your mouth. Look how into it he is, he's really enjoying it. I know you would too."

"No, I don't want to suck cock, although it does look hot. He gave me the best blowjob of my life."

I continued to work on cock #2, enjoying the taste and inhaling his man aroma. She continued to talk to #1, trying to get him to admit he really wanted to suck cock and that she promised it would be their secret. #2 started moaning louder, stiffened, and shot his load of cum into my mouth. I moved it around in my mouth, licking around the head, enjoying the taste before swallowing. His cum had a stronger, delicious taste. I sucked him dry and licked him clean, getting every drop.

I stood up, my cock hard as a rock, as it always is when I'm sucking cock, and asked, "which one of you guys is going to suck my cock now? 

#2 was flat on his back, eyes closed, still breathing hard. #1 shook his head no, so I looked at her and smiled and said "I was hoping it would be you." 

She reached out and grabbed my cock, tentatively stroking it, then leaned in and kissed it and licked it. She put the head in her mouth and was making an effort to suck it, but obviously didn't know what she was doing. I looked her in the eyes and said "as beautiful as you look with my cock in your mouth, you are a lousy cocksucker. I think what you need is a good fucking."

She took my cock out of her mouth and smiled, lay down on her back spreading her legs and holding her arms up, inviting me to have her. I kneeled down between her legs and saw that her pussy was already wet and glistening in the sun. I spread her cunt lips and licked her cunt, nibbled and sucked on her clit and tongued her hole. She was moaning and trying to grind her cunt on my face. She grabbed my head holding it on her clit as she started to shudder, having an orgasm. I move up her body and kissed her, exploring her mouth with my tongue, sharing with her the taste of her pussy and her friend's cum, and slowly slid my cock into her hot cunt. She was responding to my thrusts, humping me and grinding her cunt into me, hugging me tight, with her legs wrapped around mine. As I continued to fuck her, I heard a noise and looked over and saw that Cock #2 was sucking cock #1, and he took the cock out of his mouth and said "having your cock in my mouth feels awesome, you need to try it!" and resumed sucking. 

I returned my focus to fucking the girl, as she was a great fuck, really getting into it, going crazy, grabbing my ass and moaning. I rolled us over without taking my cock out, wanting to admire her beauty as she rode my cock, and so she could see the action between her two friends. I looked over and saw they had moved into a 69 position and were sucking each other, both sucking cock for the first time. She hand her hands on my chest and was looking into my eyes as she worked her pussy up and down my cock, her tits bouncing in sync with her. I looked deeply into her eyes for the first time, noticing what pretty light brown eyes she had, connecting with her in a way I fought hard to avoid. She was no longer just a girl I was fucking, there was something special about her. I felt my orgasm approaching, and not knowing if she was on birth control let her know. She lay down on my chest and whispered in my ear that she was on the pill and she wanted me to stay in her, and started fucking me with enhanced passion and urgency. I grabbed her ass and we were fucking in unison. She started kissing me, pushing her tongue through my lips and dancing with my tongue. Her moans let me know she was close as I erupted deep in her, shooting my cum, holding her tight. She started shaking, having an intense orgasm. We continued to kiss for several minutes as we as we relaxed and calmed down. I looked at her and told her I needed to be going. We sat up and I ran down to the water and dove in, swimming out about twenty yards. I stopped to tread water and turned to find her next to me. 

She said "you can't just leave. You have the wrong impression of me. You are only the second man to make love to me in my life."

"You don't know me either. All you know is that you saw me walking naked on the beach and then I gave your two friends blowjobs. Not exactly someone you want to take hime to meet Mom. And you were right about your friends, they are definitely gay, and they know it now."

I swam back to shore and picked up my bag and started walking naked down the beach. She grabbed her things and came running after me naked and said she had to see me again. We walked and talked. As we approached other people I stopped and put on my shorts and t-shirt, and she threw on her long t-shirt, not taking the time to put anything else on. She continued to follow me all the way to my car, asking me to give her a chance, to see her again, that she thinks there might be something real between us. She said her name was Angie, and gave me her number and pleaded for me to call her. I told her I would think about it, and drove off. 

After showering I went down to the hotel bar to dink a beer, watch the ballgame and kill the afternoon. I was feeling antsy after a few beers and thought a walk might do me some good. I asked the bartender if there was a mall nearby, thinking walking in an air conditioned mall would be nice, and I didn't need any more sun today. 

The mall was a newer, upscale one. I figured I would make a couple of brisk laps around and then look for a place to find dinner. I came upon a Victoria's Secret and slowed my pace, noticing all the sexy lingerie. I thought about going in, but there were a lot of customers and I was afraid someone might detect that my interest was for myself. I continued walking and decided to walk through the Saks. It was virtually empty and I found myself walking past the extensive lady's lingerie section which appeared to be empty. They had some really sexy panties on display that I was drawn to. I was holding a pair, admiring it's lace and soft feel when I heard a woman's voice behind me, "can I help you pick out something for your girlfriend?"

I turned to find a matronly sales clerk. I thought she looked more like someone that would be selling washing machines at Sears, not sexy lingerie. I said that these looked like something she would like, and commented on all the great colors. She asked what size she wore. I wished I had remembered what size Sue had bought me, but didn't, so I told her she was about my size. 
