 It was a bright, sunny day. Probably about 100 degrees, maybe more. 19 year old Harry Gordon waded through the tall weeds in the dense forest. The smell of nature filled his nostrils, and sweat formed all over his muscular body, which was under a pair of denim jeans and a thin T-shirt. He wiped his forehead with his hand, and swept the short strands of brown hair sticking to his head. He was supposed to be meeting a friend deep in the forest, just down part of a cliff and a closed-in area where they could jerk each other off. Harry smiled as the thought came to his head. He'd only been that far with anyone, and was still a virgin despite over a year of trying. He wasn't necessarily scared of losing his virginity, he was just useless at hitting on other guys. However; just a few weeks before, Harry found out his friend was gay. After a few steamy make out sessions in the forest, they started to go below the belt. 

Harry felt more sweat building up, and his shirt started sticking to his skin, as well as various vegetation to latch onto him. The forest was extremely large, and it was easy to get lost, which was exactly what happened to him. He began to panic slightly, everything started to look the same. Harry took out his phone, and dialled his friend's number. As he put the phone to his ear, he slipped on a loose branch and fell down a steep hill. He hit the ground violently, his phone fell out of his hand and smashed onto the ground. Harry groaned in pain as he pushed himself off the ground. Dirt covered his face, arms and clothing, and a few cuts and grazes covered his body. He looked around him, everything still looked the same, except he could hear shuffling and a voice. It sounded like his friend! Harry followed the voice, quietly in order to scare him. The voice was getting louder, and Harry was becoming more hopeful. He turned the corner and found the voice. It wasn't his friend. It was (what definitely appeared to be) a homeless person. Greasy hair under a woolly cap and an old, dirty face staring into a magazine. A black, tattered coat over a hoodie, which covered a grey vest and dirty, navy tracksuit bottoms. Harry suddenly noticed the trousers were pulled down to his knees, and a gloved hand was wrapped around his hard cock, being 9 inches long and 6.5 inches girth. The magazine he was holding had a picture on the front of a naked woman, and the homeless man was jerking himself off aggressively. Harry's brown eyes widened in shock, and widened even further when the homeless man's eyes met his. 

"What the fuck you doin' here?!?" The homeless man growled. Then looked down at his filthy dick. "You like watching cock, eh?"

The homeless man smirked, and threw down his magazine. He shook off his coat and hoodie, then pulled out a rusty knife from his pocket. 

"I- I don't want any trouble..." Harry stammered, and raised his hands.

"Too late for that, boy." The homeless man said, and grabbed the frightened man. "You like what you see?" The homeless man forced Harry down to his knees, and slapped him in the face with his huge, dirty cock. The homeless man grabbed his shaft, and positioned his head between Harry's lips. He grabbed onto Harry's head and pushed his cock into his mouth. Harry gagged as the length brushed against his throat. His dick tasted like dried cum and dirt, and his hairy balls hit against Harry's chin. The homeless man's unkempt pubic hair scratched Harry's face, and he thrust his hips in and out of Harry's mouth.

"You know what you're doin'!" The homeless man groaned in pleasure, as Harry began to respond by swirling his tongue around the large manhood inside his mouth. "Keep doin' that! Good boy." 

Harry started to bob his head up and down on the homeless man's cock, and massaged his balls.

"You like daddy's cock, don't ya? You wanna feel my spunk run down your throat. You wanna swallow my spunk all up." The homeless man muttered, pushing his dick further down Harry's throat. He suddenly pulled his dick out of Harry's mouth. "Let me lay down!"

The man laid back down onto the grass, and pulled Harry's head down onto his eager manhood. Harry pushed his mouth further down onto the large cock, until he felt the man's pubic hair scratch his face. The homeless man pulled up his dirty vest, exposing his hairy torso. Harry looked up, and watched as the man teased his nipples ever so slowly. 

"I'm gonna fuck you in the ass." The homeless man stated, pushing Harry off of him. Harry shook his head violently, and the man glared at him.

"Fuck you say? Get on your fuckin' knees!" He demanded, grabbing Harry by the back of his sweaty neck and forcing him onto his hands and knees. Harry started to breathe heavily as the homeless man forced down his jeans, leaving his virgin hole only covered by his thin boxer shorts. The homeless man licked his lips in desire as he pulled the thin layer of clothing down, exposing Harry's firm ass. He gripped his ass-cheeks admiring his beauty.

"Yes." The man exhaled, pushing Harry's ass-cheeks apart, giving a full view of his tight hole. The man spat into his hand, and wiped the spit onto his opening. He pushed his index finger in, Harry letting out a pained groan. The man smirked, and twisted the finger inside of Harry's ass.

"I'm gonna tear you open with my monster-cock!" He jeered, pushing in another finger.

"Please... Don't do this!" Harry begged, fearful of being penetrated by something so big. The homeless pulled his fingers out, and positioned the head of his dick in front of the opening, pushing in slightly. 

"Too late, boy. It'll only hurt a little." The man reassured, and quickly pushed the head in. Harry moaned in pain and pleasure, digging his nails into the soft grass. The man pushed more in up to the shaft, then went balls deep. Slowly, he pulled out slightly, then back in. Soon he was pumping Harry's ass, gripping his waist. Harry discovered the pain went, and the pleasure was intense. A strange feeling filled him, He felt his own dick start to spray cum all over the ground. The man trembled inside of him, and came. Harry felt the warm liquid shoot through him and some drip from his hole. As soon as the man pulled out his now-flaccid dick from his ass, Harry pulled up his jeans and ran away. It may have been a frightening ordeal, but it took away any fear of anal sex. Although it was quite a scary thing to endure, he enjoyed it. Harry rushed around the forest to find his friend, trying not to get lost again. But secretly hoping to...