 Story

Joey and I were roommates in college for a few years. We got close through the years as we belonged to a men's group which was about personal growth and sharing experiences. So beyond the typical, "we're in school together going through mid-terms, finals, projects, etc.," we got closer than I did with most of my friends in college.

I had a break from school and Joey offered to give me a ride home to just outside Pittsburgh, where my family is and where he was going to visit a girl he'd dated in school and had since re-located. I was so fucking stoked to get home and see my girlfriend. Myra had a great fucking body, with nice, round, large tits that were firm and totally fuckable. I'd blown so many loads on her tits, neck and face and couldn't wait to get home and do it again. She also had such a nice, tiny, fuckable ass and a sweet, sweet pussy that I ate every night I was home. But, I digress...

It was getting late as we were driving - the total drive would take about 6 hours. Joey and I were just talking most of the time, about school, about our families, about our fathers, etc., etc. We shared a humungous laugh over the time he barged into my room while Myra was visiting, and she was on the floor sucking my cock to her heart's content. Fucking hysterical; he closed the door and got out as soon as he'd come in, but I think both Myra and I were turned on by having someone watch us...more on that later.

Anyway, Joey gets to telling me how much he appreciates our friendship, what a good roommate I am, how open and understanding I am of how he chooses to live his life. Joey had previously disclosed to me that he was bi-sexual and while I personally couldn't wrap my head around it, I didn't care. He wants to go fuck chicks one night and suck dick the next, so be it. He had plenty of "guests" in our apartment of both sexes, which really was baffling, but whatever, he had fun. I got my fair share of chicks in school; my girlfriend didn't ask - she was smart that way, just like I didn't ask about what she did while I was gone. In any event, Joey was just expressing his gratitude at how I accepted him for who he was. 

I said, "Dude, we're friends; we're more than friends, we're like brothers. We've helped each other a lot and your friendship means a lot to me, OK? I also really appreciate you giving me a ride."

"Well, Marty," he says, "I appreciate the brother comment, but don't want to make this any weird than it might already be."

"What?"

"You know, Marty, I didn't want to give you a ride back home just to give you a ride. I wanted to run something by you and see what you think."

"OK, what is it?"

It's starting to get very uneasy in the van at this point. I'm thinking he's going to ask me to borrow some money (which he'd done before and had become a sore point in our friendship, but he paid me back and blah blah blah...), or tell me he's dropping out of school, or some other bullshit.

Joey continues, "Well, I just wanted to really express to you my appreciation for your understanding who I am, what I do and who I do it with, you know?"

"Yeah, I know," I said. I'm wondering why he's hanging on this point. 

"Can I have a cigarette?" I ask him, as I had been bumming from him the whole ride.

"Yes, of course you can," Joey says, "can I suck your cock?"

"What?!"

"Can I suck your cock?" he repeats, so nonchalantly.

"How can you ask that with the same tone and level of aplomb with which I asked you for a cigarette?" I ask him a little angrily. "I mean what the fuck? Why would you think you can just say, 'Hey, let me suck your cock?' and I'd be game for it?"

"Listen," Joey starts to explain...He's real timid at first, but I get the impression he's been working on this for a while. "Listen, you are clearly an attractive guy (I'm 5'10, 180lbs., lean in good shape, with light brown moppish hair and green eyes, he's shorter, much thinner, with curly brown hair that goes just below his shoulders), I saw your fuckin' hammer (8" circumcised, and I keep the hair to a bare minimum) when Myra was blowing' you that one day and I mean it when I say I want to express to you my appreciation. I want to show you how much I appreciate your acceptance of me and your understanding of my lifestyle by sucking your cock until you come...down my throat, on my face, in my hands, however you'd like to do it."

I'm pretty fucking angry at this point. "What the fuck makes you think I'm gay, or that I'd like you to suck my cock?" I ask, glaring at him.

"I know you wouldn't. To be honest, that's what makes it so fucking hot for me."

"Oh, well I'm so glad it'd be hot for you, but who gives a shit about how weird it'd be for me, huh?"

"That's not what I mean, Marty," he says, and I can tell he had an answer for this already. "How well does Myra suck your cock?"

"That's none of your fucking business and this is going a long way towards this fucking conversation ending VERY quickly."

"Come on, dude, tell me, how is she...on a scale of 1 to 10?"

"I don't know I'd give her about a 7, maybe an 8."

"OK," Joey asks, "what about any and every other girl you've ever gotten a blowjob from, how good were they? Any of them reach a 10 on your scale?"

Now that he mentioned it, I can't say I've ever really gotten a fully, mind-blowing blow job; not from any of my girlfriends, nor any of the various other women I'd dated or slept with over the years. Some were good, got it nice and hard and sucked really hard; others got it nice and slobbery; some could take all 8 inches all the way down their throat, but that was about it - once they got it there, they didn't know what to do. I couldn't think of a single woman - Myra included - who I'd been with that combined suction, saliva, deep-throating talent that made my eyes roll to the back of my head.

"Well," I finally respond to him, "maybe not, but so what? What does that matter?"

"The only thing that matters is that I can do it," Joey triumphantly declares. "I can suck your cock, slobber all over your balls (I have a pretty big sack, again trimmed hair very short), I can take your cock all the way to the back of my throat while sucking really hard on your wet, slobbery cock completely covered in my saliva. I can choke down your choad and swallow your fucking jizz while simultaneously massaging your cock with my throat muscles. I will suck and lick your balls, get them all wet and slobbery soaking with my saliva...I'll tongue your asshole if you want me to, I will do it all! You will NOT have to do a single thing to me. You don't have to look at me, you can close your eyes and pretend I'm a chick, you can call me Myra or Nancy or Suzie, whatever the fuck you want to call me," he proudly declares.

"Can I call you my cock-sucking little faggot?" I ask. Then I stop; I don't know where the fuck that question came from. It's as if I was so caught up in his description of a truly unbelievable blowjob that I was sold. I'm NOT sold, but what the fuck just happened? Where did that come from? I'm not fucking gay and I'm not into some dude sucking my cock, so why would I actually WANT to call this guy a cock-sucking faggot?

"Yes, you can call me whatever you'd like...and you don't have to feel ashamed about it, either," he tells me. It's as if he's reading my thoughts and can tell how very uneasy I am about this, but he can also tell - like a fox hunting its prey - that I'm now seriously thinking about this. "Look, Marty, I just want to make you comfortable about this. We don't have to do this here and now - although we can pull over whenever you want. We can do this when we get back to school; we can do this sometime over the break if you'd like to meet up. We can never do this if you're not really comfortable with it."

I ask him simply "Why?"

"What do you mean, 'why'?" he asks. I've already told you why.

"No, I guess I mean why me, why here, why now?" I'm so fucking hesitant and it's like I'm searching for a reason not to...of course at this point, my cock has been twitching a little bit in my sweats. Not hard, but twitching, stirring, getting interested in where this is going.

"Because I want to suck your cock, without reciprocation, until you come however you want to, OK?" He knows at this point I'm interested - Hell, I'm more than interested to be honest. I'd been so horny about getting home to Myra (and I hadn't jerked off or had sex for a week since I always like saving up big loads for her) that I was getting pretty fucking excited about coming, period.

"So, what are the fucking rules, here? What do I do? What do you expect of me? You might be like, 'Oh, dude, this is no reciprocation,' but then I come and you'll be like, 'OK, it's my turn.' That shit is NOT going to happen, dude, I'm telling you right now."

"Listen," Joey says, "that's exactly why I want to suck your cock. I know you're not interested in reciprocating. I know you're not gay; I know you have no interest whatsoever in touching, doing - hell, even seeing my cock. That being said, the one thing I would ask is that I can jerk myself off while I'm sucking your cock. If you're OK with that, which is the one and only thing I'd ask. Other than that, I'll do whatever you want, however you want, as many times as you want. What do you say?"

"I say you're fucking crazy!" I tell him, but I really am getting interested at this point. 

"Let me get this straight," I ask, "we'll...we'll what? We'll pull over here somewhere?"

"As soon as you want."

"Then what, you get down in front of me, pull my cock out and suck away?"

"If you'd like. Or, we've got all that space in the back of the van (there's a bench in the far back and a pile of blankets in front of it - it's a total fuck wagon, to tell the truth); you can spread out on the bench and I could go to TOWN on your cock and balls, if you'd like."

I start getting into this; I'm pretty much fucking sold at this point and my cock is starting to get a little hard. "OK, so I can call you my little bitch, cock-sucking faggot..."

"I'd fucking love that," Joey interrupts.

"...dick-smack your face with my cock..."

"Please," interrupting again.

"...face-fuck you with my cock and make you slobber all over my balls..."

"God I'd love to," he keeps interrupting.

"...without so much as a THING in return?"

"NOTHING. I don't want another fag, I want a fucking man and that is what you are."

My head is spinning...does this make me gay? No, I'm just getting my cock sucked, that's all. I want to come and someone (who happens to be a dude) is going to make me come. That's all, nothing else, period.

"Pull over," I tell him.

It's stone silent as we wait for him to get to the next exit, which is about 3 miles away. I decide to break the silence by testing this shit out...truly if there's any breaking point, I'm going to fucking find it...

"You're going to crawl on your knees to the back of the van where I'll be sitting on the bench. Using ONLY YOUR MOUTH, you're going to untie my sweats, pull them down with your mouth, get them off of me and start slobbering on my cock and balls, you little fucking faggot."

"Yes, sir."

He fucking said "sir" and my cock stirred! I don't know how to explain it other than this just became very real, very sexual and very fucking hot.

"That's right," I tell him, "you're only to call me 'sir' from now on. I am your cock-fucking-master and you are my little faggot, sissy little fucking bitch aren't you?"

"Yes, I am sir."

"What are you going to do to me?" I ask as he gets off the exit.

"Sorry, can we stop a second while I find a good spot?" Now he's interrupting me in a bad way, but he's got a point...

"Yeah, sorry, that's a good idea....you fuckin' faggot!" We both have a hearty, awkward laugh over that.

We drive for about another 5 minutes until we pull into an off-off-off-road, go down about a mile while I smoke a cigarette and then climb into the back as he parks.

After turning out the headlights, shutting down the engine, and turning on the inside overhead light, Joey does exactly what I told him to do. He climbs out of the driver's seat and crawls over the blankets to where I'm sitting on the bench. Without saying a word, but looking beseechingly up into my eyes, he pulls on the drawstring of my sweat-shorts with only his teeth and then pulls the sweats down. Expecting to see Myra first, I went commando and he's pleasantly surprised to see that beneath the shorts is nothing but my slightly hardening cock.

As I'm thinking "put my fucking cock and balls in your mouth," he envelopes my (now 6-inch) cock and my sagging balls into his mouth and it's as if he's been saving up his saliva just to slather up my cock n'balls. 

It feels so fucking good I can only moan at this point..."Uuhhhhnnnnn, that feels so fucking good."

"Mmmm hmmmm," he hums into my cock and balls. He's massaging my nuts with his tongue and swirling that same tongue around my balls, up and over my big sack to my cock, which he gives a little suckle to. He applies just a little bit of suction to the entire package, which makes my cock more than twitch, shoot out to its eight inches and forces him to drop my nuts out of his mouth. He goes back and forth between sucking (lightly) on my cock to swirling my nuts around his hot, wet mouth.

I decide to get into this now. "That's it you little fucking bitch, suck my fucking cock! Take that fucking shit, you little fucking whore! You like that shit, don't you, you fucking faggot?!"

"MMMMMM HMMMM," he again hums. He pulls my package out of his mouth and tells me, "yes, sir, I love your cock. I love your balls, I lo..."

Smack! Right upside the fucking face I smack him with my cock!

"Take that you little bitch!"

Smack! I start slapping him in the face, across each cheek, on each eye with my now fully-fucking-hard cock. 

He smiles and looks me right in the eye. "Please, sir," is all he says.

I know what he wants.

"OK," I say, "take just one of my balls in your little fucking faggot mouth."

He does as I tell him and pops one ball in. Again, he's like a fucking water fountain with how much saliva he manages to get all over my ball. He swishes it around his mouth, gently, softly caressing it with his tongue. He still maintains perfect fucking eye contact with me and as I'm looking down at his total subservient, begging, pleading eyes, he's looking up into my rabid, ravaging fucking eyes, hungry to feed this little fucking mouth whore my rod.

"Both balls, bitch."

Just like that, he sucks my other nut into his mouth and continues to tongue-bathe my nuts with his slithering, slicked-up tongue. He's so fucking good at tonguing my balls that his tongue is reached all the way past my ball sack to my taint, which he's also coating with saliva and is driving me fucking crazy.

He sees in my eyes just how much I like this as I'm grinning from ear-to-horned-up-ear and as I groan out my approval, he starts humming again into my balls and taint. 

"Hmmmmmmmm, hmmm, uhhhnnnnn, uuuuuhhhhhhhnnnn, hmmmmmmm," is all I fucking hear from his little cunt-mouth, while he continues to look up at me, begging for me to smack his little fucking cock-sucking face with my dick. 

He sees that in my eyes, too and with his left hand he grabs my cock and starts smacking his face with my cock - just the same as I was doing it, first his cheeks, then his eyes, only now he's doing it harder than I was. It doesn't fucking hurt me at all; in truth it feels fine, but he's got no hesitation like I had when I was dick-smacking him. I was at least a little concerned about hurting his face, but he doesn't give a fuck, the little faggot! 

Smack! Onto his left cheek.

Slap! On his right eye, which makes him wince and squint a little bit, which totally turns me on but is also a little funny, since he did it to himself.

Whack! He slaps his lips, his mouth, side to side on his cheeks.

He's slobbering away on my balls, sucking one, then the other, then both, left, right, both, then tonguing my balls together, plus my taint; all the while he's hitting his fucking eye sockets, his cheeks, his nose, harder and harder. I'm fucking moaning just gutturally now, "grraaaahhh, yeah, you fucking gaywad fucking faggot sonofabitch, suck my fucking man-meat, you little fucking mouth whore, get that fuck-tube of mine in your little fucking faggot face, cocksucker!!"

He readily and immediately obliges....AND IT BLOWS ME THE FUCK AWAY!

Without skipping a beat, he takes my cock all the way down his throat in one fail swoop. He fucking slobs my knob all the way down, the full fucking EIGHT INCHES, straight down his dick-sucking throat.

Again, with just the guttural moans. 

"GRRARAHAHGHGHGHARHAHHHGGGGGRRRRRRGGGHHHHHH!!"

Then he starts with the fucking moaning, "Mmmmmmmmnnnnnnnnnnffffffff, Uuuuuuunnnnnnngggghhhhh,"

It's all you hear in the van for a few fucking minutes, his slobbering, my groaning, his humming.

I fucking break the silence again, "OK, you little fucking faggot, now I'm going to fuck that little priss face of yours. I'm going to pound away on that little bitch, pole-smoking tunnel of mouth for my fucking pole, you got me, bitch?"

Moans of approval are all I get in response, "Mmm, Hmmm!"

Like nothing, like a move from my old wrestling days, I turn over and I've quickly got him pinned on the ground, my knees on either side of his head, my upper frame resting on my elbows on the bench. I've got him perfectly situated to fuck his mouth like it's Myra's pussy and momentarily that's exactly what I imagine. I start pounding away and he says nothing, he doesn't moan, he does nothing but maintain positive suction on my cock and keep it well lubricated with his spit (where does he have it all saved up?!?) as I plow away into his mouth.

I decide to play with this scenario as well; "Yeah, Myra, you've got such a tight little pussy, don't you bitch? You love my cock pounding your fucking pussy, don't you? You're such a dirty, little, nasty slut, aren't you, bitch?" I'm fucking driving my fully-hard, straining, veining, bulging fucking prick in-and-out of this little cocksmoker's mouth while I'm closing my eyes thinking of plowing my girlfriend. He heard me, he plays along, he doesn't say or do anything, but he sucks and sucks and sucks.

I'm about to fucking come, real fucking hard, so I stop. I crawl off him and have a seat on the bench. He looks at me and heads for my cock and I simply wave him off. Joey gets it; he heads to the front of the van. He takes a long drink of water (I'm still fucking impressed with how much saliva he's able to generate!), he lights up a cigarette and heads slowly to the back of the van. I can see by the little light overhead as he looks at me hungrily, and then shifts his gaze to my cock. Joe approaches, hands me the cigarette, from which I take a long pull, and he gets on his knees in front of me and goes right back to work.

Two words: Circus Seal.

He's properly salivated my cock again and is up-and-down on my hard fucking monster like a...well, like a cock-sucking little bitch. And from my vantage point, all I can see is his head bobbing up and down, with his long, curly hair bouncing up and down while he takes my fucking dick all the way down his throat, then up, down, up, down, on and on, etc.. 

I even start to think he is a chick; all I can see is the light brown, curly hair going up and down and my cock feels like it's in heaven. I let him know what I think about this...

"You know what, you little cock-sucking bitch, you look like a fuckin' chick from where I sit. I can totally pretend you're a real fucking whore and not just a cock-sucking faggot if I just look at your bouncing head of hair. I think I'll just call you Joanna from now on, how does that sound, cocksucker?"
