 Damien knew that it was risky business to play with his lover, he knew that Scottie wasn't one who could take it for a joke but he couldn't help himself. Damien couldn't help but love the fact that he could turn on his boy so easily. Damien found himself getting a little too close to the boy, making the younger man's breath hitch momentarily, and then backing away, making the man let out a shaky breath. The glory of the game though, was that Scottie couldn't hold himself back if he was teased enough. 

Damien looked over his boy, and smirked. Scottie held himself in a way that made everyone around him believe he was a good boy. Damien though, he knew that Scottie wasn't nearly as good of a boy as he acted. Sure, he took every command I give him, and does whatever it was I told him to, just as I told him. Scottie was cute, he was sweet, and he was a dirty little boy. 

Damien had known that Scottie was a dirty little boy from day one. Scottie was thin, with these pretty brown eyes, and dirty blonde hair. Scottie was a pretty boy that was for sure. Damien knew that his pretty boy was gorgeous; he knew that he was the type of guy that could have whoever he wanted, and however, his pretty boy didn't even realize the control that he held over men and women alike. 

Though he called Scottie his pretty boy, Scottie was twenty-three. He only related Scottie to a 'boy' because he was small, thin, and cute. Though Scottie was younger, and obviously into things that younger children were into like Star-Trek and the like, Scottie was obviously more mature emotionally. Though it was clear that Scottie was more emotionally mature, Damien held all of the control. 

That was the dynamics of their relationship. Damien was the Dominant one, Scottie was the submissive. Damien loved it, and so did Scottie. 

"Damien stop..." Scottie whined as Damien walked up behind him, breathing on his neck teasingly. Scottie sucked in a deep breath and looked around the room, seeing it was empty besides the two of them. 

Scottie pushed his ass back into Damien's crotch, making Damien let out a quiet groan into Scottie's ear. "Scottie, when we get back to that room tonight, I'm going to make you scream so loud..." Damien whispered, and Scottie moaned softly, his breath caught in his throat and he pushed back into Damien's touch. 

"Price?" Richardson called, and Price flushed red, and continued mapping the geographical profile. "Have you found anything?" 

"No," he said. Damien pointed to a point on the map. 

"They could be meeting at a point in the middle of these dots somehow..." Damien pointed out and Scottie nodded. 

"You should call Callum and find out if any of them all visited one place in the comfort zone." Scottie said, and Damien nodded, pulling out his cellphone and dialing the number. 

By the time Damien and Scottie headed out of the police station in San Francisco, Scottie was aching in his pants, and Damien was absolutely smug about having tortured his lover all day. 

Scottie knew it was going to be one of those days from the very beginning when Damien had 'accidentally' brushed past him. He'd known that Damien was going to absolutely drive him crazy from the minute they'd woken up and he'd brushed past him, letting Scottie feel every soaking wet inch of Damien's chest on Scottie's not as magnificently sculpted chest. 

Scottie knew it was intentional when he'd spied the smirk on his handsome face. Scottie went to work sporting a semi because of Damien's teasing—but tonight he really couldn't handle anymore teasing. 

Damien walked into their hotel room and walked right past his bed, and into the bathroom. Scottie watched as his lover took his shirt off, and turned on the shower. Damien and he had been lucky enough to get both a garden tub and a shower—but not one of the big ones, one of the single showers. 

Scottie watched as Damien pulled his pants down, his boxers following. Scottie flushed red, his eyes not leaving his boyfriends body. Scottie felt the slightest stirring under his pants, and bit his lip. 

Damien got into the shower, and Scottie let out a tiny whimper. Scottie needed Damien. He needed his daddy. He needed him now. Scottie bit his lip and untied his tie, blushing brightly as he did so. Scottie toed off his converse before reaching for his belt buckle. He knew that his daddy—his Damien couldn't see him so that just made him more confident, but at the same time he was scared. 

He always was afraid that Damien would turn him down, that he'd look like a horn-dog. But he was too desperate for him tonight—he needed him too much to say no. 

Scottie took his shirt off, and then his pants. He pulled down his underwear, and then pulled his legs out of them. Scottie tiptoed to the bathroom, and slipped into the shower behind his lover. 

"What took you so long?" Damien asked, turning around immediately, and pressing his boy against the wall before Scottie had time to breathe. 

"I-I had to u-undress." Scottie stuttered, and looked down at the contrast between their bodies. Scottie was small, thin, and startlingly pale, as opposed to Damien's slightly larger, muscular, and dark skin. Scottie loved the differences—it made him feel safe, protected. Scottie's hip bones met with the 'v' on Damien's hips, and it made Scottie feel so tiny—so vulnerable. He loved it, he absolutely desired it. 

Damien turned them around, and Scottie felt the warm water cascade over his body. The heat that surrounded them—the desire that Scottie felt—it was so amazing. Damien watched as his pretty boy tilted his head back, letting the water completely wet him. Damien pressed his lips to Scottie's and Scottie moaned lightly, and kissed Damien back. 

Scottie let Damien control the kiss however he wanted—as usual, for the pair. Damien had the control in the relationship, and Scottie gave the control over without even beginning to hesitate. Scottie craved something only his daddy could give him—loss of power. 

"Beg." Damien commanded, and Scottie flushed bright red, and pulled his bottom lip into his mouth while he lowered his eyes from Damien's eyes. 

"Please, daddy..." Scottie whimpered, and Damien smirked. "Please I-I need you..." Damien looked over his beautiful boy. Damien looked down on his pretty boy, a smile on his face. 

"Let me wash you." Damien commanded, and Scottie immediately nodded. Damien poured some soap into his hand, and then rubbed them together. He then ran his hands on Scottie's body. Damien washed his pretty boy, lathering his body with the soap—making Scottie writhe in Damien's hands. 

Scottie was hard as a rock as Damien easily washed his boy. Over his stomach, down his abs to his thin waist and then his thighs, Damien watched his thin lover shake in pleasure as he left no part of his body untouched. 

Once Damien finished washing his pretty boy, he turned off the water, silently glad that Scottie had taken so long so that he could shower before Scottie had gotten in. Of course Damien would have to re-shower in the morning; however it didn't matter much anyway to Damien. In fact, if tonight ended up how he wanted it to, he'd have to shower anyway. 

Damien didn't give Scottie time to calm down; he carried Scottie to their room from the bathroom, and to the room. Damien kissed Scottie heatedly. Scottie whimpered and kissed Damien desperately. All the teasing from this afternoon had Scottie practically jumping to attention, and he couldn't wait to get Damien on top of him. 

Damien held Scottie by his hips tightly, their naked bodies rubbing together making Scottie stiffen. Scottie stiffening made Damien smirk, and bit down on Scottie's lip. Scottie moaned. 

"Daddy please..." Scottie moaned, and looked up at Damien with a gorgeous look in his pretty eyes. "I packed our bag!" Scottie gasped, looking at his boyfriend. Scottie watched as Damien smirked. 

"Oh? What did you pack?" He asked, and Scottie blushed. Scottie was shy; he didn't want to tell him what he had packed. "Oh, I see. You're a dirty little boy but you won't tell me what you packed. I'll just have to look and see, won't I?" Scottie nodded, and Damien smirked. 

Scottie pointed to the bag and Damien opened it. Inside he found handcuffs, a cock ring, dildos, and his personal favorite a belt. The belt was thick leather, and it had little holes on it that were covered by metal. The holes left perfect little circular marks on Scottie's pale little ass, and Damien loved using it on him. However, he didn't plan on using his cock ring. The cock ring would prevent Scottie from fully losing control like Damien desired him to. 

Scottie looked at his daddy, and whimpered at the dark look in his eyes. Scottie wanted this—oh god he wanted it so bad. "Tonight, I'm going to handcuff your sexy little ass, and then use this belt—I know you want that. It's gonna be so very amusing to watch you wince every time you sit down..." Damien mused. 

Scottie whimpered in anticipation. So far, he was just aching, begging to be used. Damien threw Scottie down on the bed. Scottie lay sprawled out on the bed, his legs open, his hard dick was laying on his stomach. His cheeks were red, his mouth was open slightly, and he was bit his lip nervously, looking up at his lover. Scottie looked desperately at Damien—something that Damien loved to see on his young lover express. 

Damien handcuffed Scottie in front of his body—he'd need his hands to hold himself up while Damien used the belt on his ass. Damien knew that Scottie would react to the spanking verbally—he always had in the past, and he was glad. 

Damien wanted everybody to know Scottie belongs to him. Scottie wasn't exactly in the closet, and he certainly didn't hide their relationship outside of work, however it was common knowledge that it wasn't allowed for two members of the same team to be in a romantic or sexual relationship. 

Damien maneuvered the boy to where his perky ass was up in the air, his hands down in front of himself, holding his body upright. Scottie held his breath, waiting for Damien to do something, anything. 

Scottie didn't have to wait long—SMACK! The sound of the smack of Damien's warm hand on his pale ass was loud, and it echoed. The second the smack was over and loud, accidental moan left Scottie's mouth. The smacking of Damien's hand wouldn't last forever, but it felt amazing. The belt would feel better, probably. 

SMACK! The sound echoed again, and Scottie cried out—"More!" he cried. Scottie's desperate cry for more had Damien's dick hardening even more-so than it was before. 

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! Each of Scottie's delicate ass cheeks had huge, bright red hand-prints on them, and Damien knew that it was driving him crazy. 

Scottie loved the burn of a spanking—he loved the utter loss of control. Every single smack against his ass had Scottie pulsing—leaking out pre-cum all the way. Scottie was panting, and waiting for more as patiently as he possibly could manage. 

The cool air on his tender ass confused him—why wasn't Damien there, smacking him anymore? Part of him wanted to complain. He loved spanking, especially when his daddy was the one dishing out the punishment. Damien smirked and picked up a dildo out of the bag, and pressed it to his boy's tight little pink hole. 

Damien loved Scottie's asshole. It was small, a beautiful little rosebud, pink as candy. Scottie's hole was Damien's personal heaven—he couldn't wait to be buried inside of him. 

Scottie felt the toy entering him, and whimpered, pushing back into the hand that was pushing the dildo deeper and deeper inside him. Once Damien was satisfied with how deep the dildo was inside of Scottie, he pulled his hand away and reached for the belt. 

Scottie was already dripping wet between Damien's spanking, and the toy that was pressing into his prostate ever so slightly. Damien looked down at his boy-oh he made such a pretty sight. Damien brought the belt down on Scottie's pale ass suddenly-SMACK! The feeling made Scottie's entire body tense in pleasure as a loud cry exited his mouth. 

"Oh god, Daddy!" Scottie cried out, pushing his ass back, waiting for another hit. SMACK! It startled the smaller of the two but Scottie loved it. Scottie moaned and looked down at the bed, panting heavily. 

SMACK! The belt came down on Scottie's ass again, making him cry out and stare at the wall, his cock aching between his legs, begging for release. 

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! Back to back three hard, determined strikes of the belt came down on Scottie's ass and he felt tears fighting at his eyes, and he bit his lip as he fought back a loud scream from the pain and pleasure of the spanking. 

Damien didn't care who heard his pretty boy scream though, in fact he was trying his hardest to make the boy scream and squeal and beg for mercy. 

SMACK! Again and again the belt hit Scottie's ass, leaving beautiful over-lapping red marks. Damien couldn't wait to show his pretty boy who he belonged to. SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! These three smacks of the belt caused Scottie to jump, he let out a squeal and buried his face in the blankets. 

"More!" he begged. All Scottie wanted was more-more pain, more pleasure... Everything. 

Scottie was gorgeous, with his red face buried in the blankets and bed-sheets of the hotel bed and his pert little ass poked up high in the air. Scottie was a picture of perfection-utterly fuckable and gorgeous as he laid there waiting. 

Damien didn't know if he wanted to fuck the boy senseless or if he wanted to keep up the torture. Scottie wasn't prepared to wait though. 

Scottie pushed his ass back again wanting more of a beating. Damien worried he might actually break the boy if he wasn't careful but Scottie would never let that happen-nor would Damien for that matter. 

Despite the situation, Damien truly loved Scottie. 

SMACK! One hard smack by the belt and Scottie lost his balance, tears finally breaking through the barricade as he felt hot everywhere. SMACK! Scottie let out a loud scream. "Daddy oh god... I-I want..." he couldn't form a sentence, his face was pressing against the blanket and he didn't stop the tears-they were good tears, in his eyes. One final hard smack to Scottie's ass and he came-oh so hard, he screamed out, "Daddy!" Scottie collapsed onto the bed, exhausted but still needy. 

"What do you want, sweetheart?" Damien asked his lover and Scottie bit his lip and looked up at him. 

"I want... I want you, daddy." He moaned, barely breathing at this point. All Scottie wanted in that moment was his daddies cock so deep inside him. Scottie wanted Damien to use him. 

"Your wish is my pleasure." Damien said calmly and he got on the bed behind his boy and pulled the dildo out of his hole. Damien then fingered his hole momentarily before pressing the head of his hard and aching erection to his lovers tight hole. Slowly, Damien entered him. 

"Daddy...!" Scottie whimpered, feeling full-so full, so needy. Scottie wanted more. Scottie couldn't get enough of his daddy. He wanted everything he could get. 

Damien finally got all the way into Scottie's hole to the hilt and groaned-oh god, so tight! Damien took slow thrusts at first but slowly sped up as Scottie moaned every time Damien's cock hit deep inside of him. 

It took three more thrusts before Damien nailed Scottie's prostate and the second he hit it, he knew. Scottie arched up off the bed and held himself up on his elbows as Damien pounded into his willing body, clenching his hands together as the handcuffs dug into his thin wrists. 

Scottie watched his lover out of the corner of his eyes as he fucked him. Damien left no place untouched on the younger of the two-Scottie was gasping and trying his best to control himself but the combined stimulation of Damien touching every inch of his body and Damien thrusting into his hole, Scottie knew he wouldn't last long. 

Scottie just wanted to feel his daddy cum inside him before he cums again. 

Damien was close, but he was fighting it so hard. He had very nearly lost control when Scottie came all over himself and the bed-sheets not too long ago. Now, feeling his hole clenching as Damien thrusted into him and Scottie's breathy moans-so beautiful, so needy. 

"Oh g-god da-daddy!!" Scottie cried as Damien picked him up off the bed suddenly pulling out of him only to turn the boy over on his back and thrust back into him hard. 

Scottie reacted brazenly-he arched his thin and compliant body up, connecting the two. Scottie wrapped his thighs around his lovers waist, and fought with the handcuffs to wrap his arms around his neck. Scottie wasted little time as he wiggled his body in time with Damien's thrusts, desperate for more. 

"Oh oh god-" Scottie whined, burying his face in Damien's neck. Damien had little problem holding the boy against his body, the tricky part was keeping the boy in the right position. Though Scottie seemed just as happy with any angle, Damien was determined to make his boy absolutely incoherent in his arms. 

"Fuck!" Damien growled into his pretty boys ear as he continued fucking him hard. Scottie ached between their bodies, but he didn't touch-he didn't have permission, but then again, he couldn't have touched himself if he did have permission, considering the handcuffs circling his wrists. Scottie was wiggling his hips, hoping to get Damien as deep as possible. Scottie couldn't help it-he just wanted more, more of everything Damien was giving him. He knew he shouldn't but it felt so good to be full, so freeing. 

Scottie moaned loudly, "Louder pretty boy!" Damien commanded, and Scottie was so hot, so horny-he was beyond thinking. 

"Mmmmffff daddy!" Scottie cried, looking up into Damien's eyes. Damien watched his lover fall apart beneath him, and smirked. He heat in Scottie's eyes made Damien want to make him free fall over the edge. He knew that the minute Scottie came, he'd be spent, but Scottie wouldn't stop moving his body until he knew that Damien had came. Scottie was a good boy, through and through. He loved pleasing his daddy, he loved being a good boy, and he loved the reward for doing both things. 

"Who do you belong to?" Damien demanded of Scottie, and Scottie's cheeks heated up as he rubbed his aching cock against Damien's abs. Scottie's fingers dug at the back of Damien's neck as Damien thrusted into his boy hard, and deep. Scottie mewled, and bit Damien's neck hard. "Answer me, pretty boy!" Damien commanded, and Scottie whined. 

"W-what?" Scottie asked, knitting his brows together as he moved his sweaty body against Damien's. He couldn't let him stop-deeper, oh god... Scottie moaned as Damien kept moving his body against his. 

"Who. Do. You. Belong. To?" He demanded, punctuating each work with a hard thrust into Scottie's body. 

"You, daddy!" Scottie squealed as Damien pushed himself deeper into Scottie. Scottie felt him all over his body, he couldn't stop wiggling, moving, begging. He just wanted his Damien to make him cum. His entire body was aching, but his dick was pulsating between his legs, rubbing against Damien's abs. Between the stimulation Damien was giving his prostate purposefully, and the stimulation of Scottie rubbing against his abs, Scottie was losing it, completely. 

"Who can do this to you?" Damien asked, and Scottie moaned loudly as Damien changed their position. Damien sat on his heels, and Scottie was in his lap. Scottie didn't know how Damien managed to change their position without his dick leaving him, but he couldn't help but moan loudly, and look into Damien's eyes. 

"You Damien." Scottie whispered, biting his lip. Damien wrapped his hand around Scottie's throat and pulled his face to his, pressing a hard kiss to Scottie's lips. Scottie moaned into the kiss, his arms pulled Damien closer, and rubbed against his abs more, everything becoming too much suddenly. "Ahhh daddy!" Scottie screamed, his cock pulsing out line after line of cum as he rubbed against Damien's chest. 
