 For about 10 yrs now, we have been closeted lovers.

He was gay, I am closeted bi. I have a girlfriend but occasionally have free time to meet up with him, when both our schedules allow.

He is mostly a top, and me a bottom. He is black and I am white. He has a nice 8+ inch cock, which I absolutely love sucking!

We have done most of the sexual things two men can do with each other. Suck, fuck, rim, swallow, facials, tea-bagging (love getting tea bagged and with my head hanging off the end of the bed and throat getting fucked). His cock gets soo thick and big, I am amazed I can fit it in my ass, but with a healthy dose of lube, and some poppers, and I manage!

This particular Friday night, I was home alone, and he texted me, saying he would be home in 30 mins, and do I want to come over. I had a cple of beers, so was feeling relaxed, so I agreed.

He had been at work all day, and had to shower, I told him we should shower together. He has a nice big shower, so it's great for 2.

I get to his house, he meets me in the bedroom door. Followed by some deep kissing, tongues wrapping together, hands groping, his hands find their way to ass, he gently tugs at them, pulling my cheeks apart, feels amazing. I do the same to his ass. He quickly pulls my shorts down, and starts to stroke my quickly hardening cock, this too feels amazing, deep kissing each other, him stroking my cock. I soon follow suit, pull down his shorts, and cup those beautiful balls, and stroke his magnificent cock.

I tell him we should go to the shower. I follow him, as he stops in the door, ass to me, he slightly pushes his ass out to meet my now very hard cock, and rub it up and down his ass crack, at the same time kissing his neck, and pinching his nipples (he loves this).

We get into the shower, we each clean ourselves, and then start to clean each other, I lather up the big black cock, stroking it, as he returns the favor to me. I also lather up his ass, slide a finger in there, he lets out a whimper in approval. More deep kissing ensues as we stroke each others now rock hard cocks. I tell him, to suck my hard cock, he does so without hesitation, feels amazing, the hot water running over my body, as my cock disappears down his throat. I use the soap one more time to lube up his boi pussy. He is mostly top, but today, he wants to get fucked.

I bend him over, and slide my cock in between his ass cheeks and find his hungry hole. I slide in. his back is towards me, I grab hold of his shoulders for leverage and continue to piston in and out of him, his boi pussy is soo tight, feels amazing. After a few minutes, I decide to switch it up. I need to get some of that dick in my mouth. He turns around, I drop to my knees and take his head in my mouth, as I start sucking, he offers me the bottle of poppers, I take a big whiff, now I am cock mad! I cant get enough of it in my mouth, I am burying the cock down my throat, my forehead is against his stomach as he stands over me. I feel like such a dirty submissive cock whore as I continue to suck his rock hard cock. It feels soo good in my mouth. I then decide to switch it up a little bit again. Still on my knees, I pull his cock out of my mouth and turn him around, so that juicy ass is in my face.

I dive right in, I start tonguing his ass, licking it as hard as I can. He has a nice juicy bubble but, so it's a challenge to get to his tight hole, but I push forward, encouraged by his moans. I reach between his legs, and stroke his cock, and lashing his ass with my tongue. I am soo fucking turned on, I have to stroke my cock, Another hit of the poppers and I even more engaged in tongue fucking his hole.

He turns around, grabs the back of my head, and forces his cock back in my mouth and down my throat, I am in ecstasy. I stroke my still rock hard cock, and I concentrate on giving him an amazing blow job.

He tells me he is going to cum soon, I pull off, turn him around again, this time I am sitting on the floor, as he proceeds to squat on my face, giving me access to the pucker. I tongue it relentlessly, only encouraged my his moaning.

He turns back around, feeds me his cock again, its not long before he is going to cum. I ask if he wants to cum in my mouth, or shoot his hot load over my face. He says my face. As he draws near to his climax, he pulls his cock out of my mouth, and unleashes torrents of cum on my face. I love it, feeling his hot cum all over my face, but I am not satisfied, I go back to his cock, and suck out the last drops of his creamy goodness, once satisfied his cock and balls are now empty, I turn him back around, just to give his ass another good tongue lashing, so he can feel the pleasure of just cumming and his ass properly eaten.

We wrap things up, dry off, and get dressed, we share a good bye kiss, and I am left with an aching cock, to which I will stroke relentlessly when I get home.