 Please forgive me for the unbelievable time elapsed since my last chapter. Life got complicated, as it does. 

Thank you for reading. Your comments, both in praise & in criticism, have been very motivating. I look forward to writing for y'all again soon. 

-- Leon xx 

***** 

Julian 

"My experience with the stigma against hospice has surprised me. Many nurses and professional caretakers..." 

Oh my God. Shut up, shut up, I know what you're saying is important, but shut up. 

"The modern-day ethics surrounding hospice care are considered blah blah blah blah I'm wasting your time you're going to be late to seeing Matty." Yeah, I fucking know, right? 

The little hand on the clock passed the twelve and, immediately, the shuffle of papers and zipping of rucksacks began to drown out the lecturer. He gave some rushed goodbye, and we all clapped and proceeded to shove toward the exit. I had an actual reason to rush and go first, but fuck me, I guess. 

I hoofed it through the center across the linoleum floors, my bag slapping against my back. I got to the enormous glass doors and pushed one open. 

There was Matty, sitting on a bollard by the door, scrolling through his phone with his head nodding to the beat in his earbuds. So cute. I smiled and walked over. 

"Hey," I said, placing a hand on his shoulder. He jumped, and I laughed. 

"You scared me," he chuckled, wrapping his headphones around his phone and tucking them into his pocket. He looked up from his jeans and saw my bright smile. His eyes changed for a moment, and then his arms were around my neck, clutching me to his form. I responded involuntarily, wrapping him in my embrace. "Sorry," he whispered, but made no move to loosen his grip. I wanted him holding on to me forever. "I just missed you." 

"I missed you too," I murmured. And then I hoisted him up in my arms and spun him. 

"Julian!" He grabbed my shoulders and threw his head back in laughter. He looked elated, joyful, and it was beautiful. "Put me down, weirdo." 

I carefully set him down on the pavement. My hands lingered on his waist before he looked away bashfully, at which point I returned them to my sides. "Well now I'm a bit dizzy," I said, rubbing my forehead and staggering theatrically. 

"Alright, Julien." He rolled his eyes, but with a smile. "Let's go." 

I stopped myself from grabbing his hand, and we began the walk to the dining hall. 

****** 

Matty 

I just couldn't help myself. I was so excited to see him, and he looked so good. I was so damn nervous and flushed; I couldn't stop shaking my hands out as we walked. We were talking pleasantries, exchanging stories about the past few days, but my mind was completely blank. Why was I the nervous one? 

"Sorry it took me so long." Wait, did I say that? I did not OK that to come out. 

Julian shrugged. "It was a lot to think about." 

"Well, really, it was just that work has been insane lately," I explained. "Phoebe and Tali got into this huge fight, and then Tali told Emma abo—Emma works at the House—she told Emma about it, and then Malik and Simone overheard them talking, and it was a whole thing." 

"Woah. That sounds dramatic." 

"It really was," I sighed. "And stressful. But I think it's going to be alright." 

He smiled at me, looking almost shy. "I'd reckon you handled it like a pro." 

"Aw, shucks." 

He laughed, and I laughed, and it felt so good. I missed him. I didn't like the feeling of us not knowing each other's lives. 

"So you sure you want to eat in the dining hall? We can go to a real restaurant." 

"Nah, I'm just gonna have a salad anyway. I'm not that hungry." 

"It's almost eight-thirty." 

"I had a late lunch!" 

The cafeteria's late-night crowd was sparse, most students having already eaten and retreated to their dorms, according to Juli. I mean, Julian. I had realized last night, as I tossed and turned and spooned my pillow, that my decision may not be the end-all to this whole thing. It had been two weeks since I talked to Julian, and, even when we talked, he said he wasn't sure about us. I had made up my mind about giving this another go and allowed myself to fantasize. Now I found myself terrified that those daydreams were all I was going to get. 

Julian let me choose a table, and I sat us in a corner by the window. I liked the view, even though the sun had already set, leaving the naked trees to fend for themselves against the winds sweeping in from Lake Erie. Ohio weather, especially in the state's overpopulated, smog-filled cities, was a tricky force to reckon with. You could get a sunburn in the afternoon from the rays reflecting off the snow and, later that night, catch frostbite in an unforgiving assault of ice and rain. This evening was somewhere in between, the sky a dark and gloomy gray but the clouds satisfied by the current foot-and-a-half of powder sitting on the ground. Still, I caught a faint shiver run across Julian's shoulders as we set down our plates. 

"We can sit somewhere else, if there's a warmer spot," I offered, hesitating to sit. 

"No, no," he said, waving the suggestion off, "the heating's shit in all the buildings here. I should've brought my other coat, but it was so nice this morning." I hovered for another moment before decidedly removing my jacket and thrusting it out to Julian, who had already begun eating. He looked up, saw the jacket, rolled his eyes, and chewed quickly to say, "I'm fine, Matty." 

I reached over him and hung the jacket off the back of his chair. I could smell his lavender soap. Fuck. Retreat. I quickly drew away and lifted my sweater to show that I was wearing two more layers beneath it. "Seriously, Julian, just take it. I can't watch you shiver this whole time." 

He squinted at me, and the corner of his mouth twitched, but he pulled the jacket on over his shoulders. "Thank you." 

We sat and talked pleasantries for a while. I was excited to hear about his new semester's worth of classes. He told me about his clichéd beatnik poetry professor and gave an animated reenactment of some stupid rambling question a guy had asked in one of his first lectures. I gave the longer account of Phoebe's drama, and we laughed about how I caught Malik behind the house. 

"Figures. Kid's right charming," Julian remarked with a grin, twirling spaghetti around his fork. 

"That he is," I agreed. We sat in silence for a moment, him chewing, me stabbing at the sad, soggy lettuce on my plate. He cleared his throat. 

"So, what did you want to say to me, Matty?" 

He said it more like a statement than a question, as though he already knew the answer. He seemed too calm, and it was scaring me. 

"Um, well, I was thinking that we, I mean—I want to try again, with us. We have a lot to work on, but... at the end of the day, I love you, and I think we can do it." 

And there was that beautiful, blinding smile. "Oh, Matt." He pushed his chair back, leaned over the table, and planted one on me, right there in the middle of the cafeteria. I squeaked and grabbed his shoulders. 

"Julian! I'm not done." He laughed, and I blushed. "Sit." He tried to frown at my ordering him like a dog, but he was not very successful. 

The kiss had surprised me and left me flustered. I struggled to regain my footing and to ignore the half-grin on Julian's lips, the lips that had just touched mine, the lips that I missed so mu—no, oh my God, focus. 

"I want us to get to know each other in a more... normal way. I know now that neither of us are normal, like, at all, but that doesn't mean I don't want to know the basic stuff." 

He cocked his head, ugh, he was so cute. I still felt all tingly from that kiss. "Like what?" 

"I don't know, like, your favorite meal or your childhood pets or your... family... stuff." 

I expected averted eyes and a frown at that, but Julian just nodded. He looked earnest. I cleared my throat and continued. 

"I guess I just feel like we know so much of each other's fears and traumas and deep, dark secrets, and I know that stuff's important, but I think the little things are important too. Like, I haven't even met your friends." 

He nodded. "Yeah, I was thinking about that recently. I do think they'd like you; I just never thought you'd want to meet them." 

I reached across the table for his hand, and he gave it to me. It was soft and warm and heart-achingly familiar. "I want to. I want to know it all, Julian." He smiled that goofy grin at me. I loved him so much. 

****** 

Julian 

Most people don't really like me. At least, at first. I can come off as a bit cocky. Well, I guess I am a bit cocky, but I don't mean to be. I know I sometimes talk over people, and I can be somewhat of a... what's the word? Showboater? I dunno. It never seemed to bother Matty, though. He liked my confidence; he wanted me to like myself. I loved that about him. He didn't want me to change because he didn't see my behavior as rude or arrogant. It was just me, and he liked me. 

What I'm getting at, anyway, is that my friends were pretty similar to me. Nonchalant, self-assured, always humming with a sort of smooth, east energy that intimidates or annoys others. It was one thing to have one-on-one interactions with any of us, but even I could see that being immersed in that mood could get old quick, particularly considering that half our group were barely 21. I was truly worried that Matty wouldn't take to it or would actually hate it. I was also really excited at the prospect of him loving them. I knew they'd like him, especially if he'd be able to fight the reserved nature he took on when meeting new people. 

Saturday afternoon came, and I met Matty at the parking lot by Kirk, the art building. I was flushed and sweaty, having jogged there from the library with my sack full of books on my back. He was leaned up against his old jalopy, as he called it, looking cute as always. He perked up when he saw me. 

"Hey there." 

"Why hello," I replied. I gave him a quick peck, which made him blush. Too cute. "May I drop my bag in your car before we go? You'll, er, need to give me a ride anyway." 

He raised a brow. "Thanks for letting me know." 

I just gave him my signature cheeky smile and chucked my things into his back seat. "Shall we?" He nodded and slipped his hand into mine. I smiled at him and squeezed. 

As we walked, he pointed out pretty trees and flowers along the path, and I resisted the urge to pick him up and spin him like I had some days before. The weather was surprisingly beautiful, one of the first nice days of the season. This was great because it meant I got to see Matty's ass in shorts. At one point, as he was rambling about the difference between the magnolias and the dogwoods, he caught me looking and smacked my arm. 

"What? I was just... looking at the beautiful... grass," I said. He shook his head. 

"So what is this thing we're going to exactly?" he asked. I could tell he'd had coffee by the way he was bouncing around. 

"It's an art show. My friend Guy is showing, like, six months of work," I explain, opening the door to the building for Matty, "I'm proud of him. He's been playing it cool, but we all know it's a big deal." 

"Oh," said Matty worriedly. He stopped and looked at me. "Will I be intruding? That seems kind of personal for my first time meeting all of them." I grinned at him and squeezed his hand. "What? Don't smirk at me." 

I took a moment to examine his pretty face. His brows were drawn together with concern. 

****** 

"So," I said. We were sitting at our picnic table, eating our respective lunches, shooting the shit and so forth; same shit, different day. "I'm bringing Matty to the art show on Saturday." 

"Wait, really?" 

"Oh my God!" 

"For real?" 

"Way to steal my thunder!" That one was Guy. 

"Shut up!" Tia countered, hitting Guy's arm. "I'm so excited." She was beaming. 

"Me too," said Sawyer, his mouth still full of food. "We're gonna embarrass the fuck out of you." 

"Close your mouth!" Lena groused, just as Tia said, "That's disgusting." 

"He's probably gonna embarrass me worse," I laughed. "He met my parents." 

"He did?!" 

"When was this?" 

"I can't wait to hear that story." 

****** 

I took Matty's face in my hands. "It will be fine. They're all excited to meet you." His big blue eyes blinked at me, and I gave him a soft kiss. He ducked his head and started away from me. 

"I don't want to be late," he said over his shoulder. I sighed. 

As it turned out, an art show was the perfect venue for Matty's introduction. Friends and acquaintances were dispersed throughout the building, so he got to meet various handfuls of the friend group as we walked through the exhibition instead of everyone all at once. Penny was talkative and overbearing, and I had to thrust her into another group conversation so that Matty and I could make our escape. Lena was frazzled and distracted, as always—just an absent-minded greeting and a flash of dark curls and she was gone. Guy was likewise preoccupied, performing his requisite rounds as the gracious artist on display, but he made a point to stop and chat with us for a moment, which was kind. He was on his way to the bathroom but, still, a nice gesture. Matty seemed most entertained by our interaction with Sawyer. "You're like twins," he told me later. "You finish each other's sentences." He really got on with Ana, as I expected, as she had a calmer energy than the rest of us. Tia, who was perpetually late to any and all social events, was nowhere to be found. 

Ana and I were telling Matty about how we met when a surprised voice said from behind me, "Julian?" 

I turned just as Matty said, "Oh, hi Adam!" 

"Adam?" He gave an awkward nod. "Hey, man, how are you?" 

"Er, good," he replied, as I swung my arm around his shoulders. 

"Ana, this is my friend Adam! He works with me at the bar." 

"Oh, cool. Nice to meet you," she said, smiling. Matty shot me a glare, but I didn't know what it meant. I shrugged at him, and he came over and peeled my arm off of Adam. 

"And this is Julian," Matty said, laughing. "He's still learning about boundaries." 

Ana and I laughed, and I grabbed Matty's waist and I turned to Adam. "Sorry, bruv. I'm just a lover." But Adam wasn't listening; he was looking curiously at Matty, who was returning the look with a small smile. 

"Hey, Matty," Adam said suddenly. "Can I talk to you for a second? I've been thinking about your offer. About the house." 

"Oh, great!" Matty turned and gave me a kiss on the cheek. "Wait here. I'll be back." 

Ana cocked her head as they walked away talking. "The house? Is he a realtor or something?" 

"No, he works at..." Oh. It wasn't about "the house"; it was about the House. I frowned. Was Adam kicked out of his home? Jesus, I had no idea. 

"Julian." Ana placed a hand on my arm. 

"What? Oh, sorry. I don't know what it was about, but I'm sure Matty will tell me later." Ana inspected me for a moment, making me nervous. Then she reached up and straightened my shirt collar. I chuckled. "Let's go check out Guy's stuff." 

"Matty told you to wait here." 

"But I'm bored." 

So we meandered through the hall, discussing the works we passed, until we reached Guy's section. And right at the front, nearly five feet tall, was me. 

My dark hair forward across my cheek, obscuring half of my face. Blues and greys formed the shadows and highlights along collarbone. I'd have thought I would dislike a cool-toned depiction of myself, but it was stunning. It was strange to see such a broad expanse of my own skin composed of oil paint—I had posed shirtless. The painting showed me from the knees up, sat on a stool with my head turned, sights set on some unknown view out of frame. 

A slender hand slipped into mine. I looked over, expecting to see Ana but instead finding Tia beside me, her eyes fixed on the picture before us. "Wow," she said, glancing up at me with a sweet smile. 

I dropped her hand to wrap an arm around her waist. "I know. He did a great job." 

"It looks just like you and nothing like you." 

I gave her a cheeky grin. "Well, my dear, that kind of nonsensical, convoluted praise is exactly what these art students are looking for." 

"Julian!" she whispered. "Don't be a jerk." 

I gave her a squeeze. "Let's keep going!" 

"Wait, where's Matty?" 

"He ran into a friend. It's fine; he'll find me." 

I pulled her onward before she could object. We stopped at every portrait, pointing out our favorite little details. Guy had painted all of us, each on the same stool, shirtless, in various poses and colors. Though I teased her for it, Tia's observation was spot on. He had captured our appearances but given us completely new auras. Mine was calm and restrained, while Ana's was loud and angry. They were all inspired, but I fawned specifically over Tia's, both to her and to Guy. He accepted the praise with grace, and she responded by hiding her face in my shoulder. Her portrait was red, pink, and overtly sexual. 

"Your tits look tremendous, love," I told her. 

"Why did I let him do this?" she moaned, her voice dampened by the fabric of my shirt. 

"Oh, come on, Tia. You look gorgeous. You look powerful!" I laughed. "It's nothing half the campus hasn't seen already." 

She laughed back at me. "Shut up, you dick!" Tia released my bicep from her death grip and smoothed her hair back into place, and, as her gaze drifted past me, her eyes brightened. "Oh! It's him!" I followed her eye line to see my boyfriend stationed before my portrait, completely engrossed. 

"Oh, Juliaaaaan, can I meet him now? Please?" 

I chuckled at her child-like excitement. "Give me a bit with him first, alright?" She pouted but acquiesced, and I made my way over to Matty. 

"Penny?" 

He turned to me as I draped my arm along his hips. "What?" 

"Penny for your thoughts." 

"Oh," he said, with a breathy laugh. "I was just admiring your beauty, obviously." 

"Ah. I can see why you were so captivated, then." 

He pushed his bangs back and leaned into me. "I guess I just never realized how much of your life happens on this campus. I feel like a bad boyfriend." 

That gave me pause. "I never brought you 'round, darling. How were you to know?" He raised a brow and smirked at me. Ah. Oops. "Not that it was intentional, hell. I didn't think it mattered. I just wanted to spend time with you." 

He nodded. "Well, I'm glad I'm here now." We stood in silence for a moment, Matty studying the painting, me studying Matty. His eyes flitted over to me and he tensed. "What?" 

I licked my lips. "Sorry I ran off. I know you told me to wait, but..." 

He chuckled. "Nah, it's alright. I should've known you'd get bored and wander." 

"Guilty as charged." 

"These portraits really are incredible," he said, raising a hand and pointing. "You see how he drew your eyebrow there? With that little downward curve?" He looked over at me with a fond smile. "You do that with your eyebrows when you're thinking about something specific, like, trying to remember a detail of a story, or something." I smiled back at him and pressed a soft kiss to his lips. He relaxed into me and returned his gaze to the painting. "It's so obvious that he knows his subjects. I feel like I know your friends better just from looking at these." I hummed my agreement, distracted by the curve of his cheek and the color of his skin. I traced my finger from his cheek to his jaw, and he glanced at me curiously. "Are you alright? You're being quiet." 

"All good. Just feeling sort of mellow, I suppose." Matty's response was a cheeky grin, and I laughed. "I can be mellow!" 

"Mmhmm." 

"Oh, what did Adam want to speak with you about? Is everything alright?" 
