 Surprise! I had some weird technical difficulties uploading the last chapter to this platform, so I've actually already got a new one for y'all ;) 

I'm starting to play around with narration from the perspectives of different characters- please let me what y'all think is working & what isn't. I'm thinking that it's gonna be helpful for the development of the story, but we'll just have to see. I've already started working on the next few chapters, so if you don't like the change in style... uh, bear with me. 

- Leon xx. 

***** 

"Julian. Juli. Juli. Wake up. Oh, for chrissake, Julian." 

I shot up, nearly smacking my head into Matty's chin. I blinked the sleep away. 

"Good morning," I said, or I tried to say, but I think it ended up as more of an unintelligible yawn. Still, mon amour gifted me with a small crooked smile, and I brought my lips to his. He was so soft and warm, but my tongue resisted tasting him, as I didn't think he'd appreciate my morning breath. 

"Good morning, Juli," he sighed, running a finger along my arm. "Could you get me some Advil? My ass feels fucking wrecked." He said this with a small laugh, but I felt my stomach drop. Why hadn't he told me? 

I said nothing but gave him a tight squeeze before getting up. 

"Drawer under the sink- in the kitchen," he called as I walked into the hall. I smiled to myself because I already knew where he kept his meds and bandages. I liked that. 

My phone was on the counter, so I sent a quick text to my neighbour to ask about Ruby. I felt guilty leaving her on my first night as her owner, but I would've felt even worse staying with her over Matty. 

And then I'd gone and hurt him. 

I shook a couple capsules out of the bottle and filled a glass at the sink. I placed them both on the nightstand and slipped back into bed to spoon him. As soon as he taken the pills I pulled his body into my embrace, pressing my face into his back. 

"I'm sorry, Matty. I'd never hurt you on purpose. I feel awful." 

He flipped around and grabbed my chin firmly. 

"Julian Sami Osman." We'd taken to using each other's full names; he said mine was beautiful, so I said the same about his, even though it was pretty generic and white as Wonder Bread. But he was beautiful. "We had great, rough, kinky sex last night"- and at this I laughed and buried my face into his chest- "and now I'm sore. That's what I signed up for, alright?" 

I nodded against him as he stroked my hair. I tried to suppress a yawn, but his rhythmic touch made my eyelids heavy. I drifted off in his arms trying to remember that Louis Aragon poem. 

****** 

I had spent the last couple weeks stuck in my office completing paperwork and contacting donors and tax programs and wrapping up a bunch of other end-of-the-year bullshit. Phoebe helped as much as she could, but, honestly, she was hopeless when it came to finances (I still did her taxes for her). Finally, by mid-December, I'd finished enough work to take some time off to hang with the kids. 

We encouraged all the kids (who were past high-school age) to take GED classes or, if they'd graduated high school, to take classes at the nearby community college. Most of them took classes during HS hours so that they could be at home with the high-school kids after their classes. 

I make it sound like we had tons of minors in our program, but we truly didn't. If they had run away from home, as in their parents were still looking for them, we had to turn them away (although we may or may not have pointed them in the direction of unofficial foster couples). 

But my point is that we weren't just harboring a bunch of 16-year-olds in our Homo House of Horrors. 

Anyway, I was excited about getting to lead some activities once the kids got back (which they all thoroughly groaned and griped about) and especially excited that I got to do so on a day with a new arrival. All I knew about him was that his name was Malik, he was 20 years old, he was bi, and he was from Pittsburgh. 

I corralled the kids into our multi-purpose room (read: empty basement) and quieted them as best I could. 

"Hey, guys," I started, and someone shouted out "We're not all guys!" and then from elsewhere came "I hate men!" 

I sighed. 

"Sorry, everyone. You're right. I'll work on it." Grumble grumble grumble. "Okay, so, because I don't want you g- y'all to completely hate me for adding a little structure to your lives, I thought we could compromise and watch a movie." Lukewarm cheers. "Great. But, first, you get to hear about the history behind the movie! For about 20 minutes or so." Utter, unadulterated outrage. "Yeah, well, get over it, 'cause it's happening." 

"Matty?" Phoebe appeared in the little carpeted stairwell. "Cay's on the phone." 

"Cay's on the phone" was the staff's code to signal that the new kid was here. As Silver River's population of residents grew, we learned that upon a newbie's arrival, the kids would barrage them with a million questions and jokes and invasions of privacy. We actually had codes for various situations. 

I smiled at Phoebe tenderly, and she shot me a wink. She and I both knew that she was fully qualified to handle Malik's intro, but she was letting me "take the call" because she could tell that I missed the more intimate parts of the job. I loved her so much. 

"Thanks, Phoebs." I turned back to the kids. "Congrats, kids. Looks like you're gonna escape this torturous, educational activity after all." 

Their celebration was cut short by Phoebe interjecting, "Oh, no, Matty, I got this. Just 30 minutes or so." 

Seriously, I loved her so much. 

I bounded up the stairs and ended up skidding on the hardwood to avoid crashing into the behemoth that stood at the landing. This kid was easily 6'8", with shoulders so broad I found myself wondering if they'd even fit in the house's showers. 

He reached out and grabbed me while simultaneously yelling, "I'm so sorry!" in my face. For someone with biceps the size of my head, he set me down with remarkable care. I dusted myself off and patted his shoulder. 

"Totally my fault, bud, don't worry about it." 

He gave a shy smile, picking at his thumbs nervously. Talk about a gentle giant. 

"I'm Matty. You're Malik, right?" 

He paused, then nodded, and then paused, and then shook his head. "I mean, yeah, but, I mean, it's not- it's MA-lik, not ma-LEEK." 

"Oh, well, thanks for telling me," I said, wondering how long he might've gone without correcting me. I attempted to pick up his bag before and nearly dislocated my shoulder. 

"Jesus, kid," I laughed, shaking out my arm. "I guess you'll have to carry that." 

He grinned, a little less nervously this time, and made a show of casually sweeping the duffel bag over his shoulder. I rolled my eyes, and he gave a throaty laugh that vibrated throughout the room. 

"Jokes on you, Malik; you just became my go-to guy for heavy lifting." 

****** 

"Julian?" 

I sighed at the sound of his timid voice. I turned and crossed my arms. 

"Yes?" I asked tersely. 

He bit his lip and glanced away, as though he was going to forget it and leave, but he didn't move. 

"What, Adam?" 

I knew I was being a prick, but I didn't care. He was wasting my time. 

"What happened that time, I mean, what I did that time, with Matty- I was being immature and selfish, and I'm sorry." 

I frowned and studied him. It was the first time we had spoken about Matty since the whole affair, and that was months ago. 

"Why now?" 

I could tell that he was not expecting any questioning, but I just held my ground waited. 

"Uh, I guess, you seem really happy, and it started making me think about what I did." He sighed. "Damn, I don't know, Julian, I like seeing you happy. Even if you do hate me." 

I sighed and rubbed my temples. "I don't hate you, Adam." 

He bit his lip again. "But Matty does." 

"I don't know how he feels," I replied truthfully. "We haven't talked about it." 

He relaxed his shoulders, seeming both relieved and disappointed. I saw for the first time how very young and vulnerable he was. 

"That's good," he said with a nod. "If you ever, you know, wanna hang out- as friends, obviously..." 

I was getting a headache. "Adam, at first I thought you were just hitting on me. But it's something more than that, isn't it?" 

He just looked at me. 

"I can't add to those feelings, you know?" 

After a pause, he smiled weakly and answered, "Yeah. I do. Thanks anyways, Julian." 

I tried to smile back. 

****** 

"Juli?" 

He jumped as though I'd tased him. We were eating dinner on my couch, and I'd been trying to work up to explaining what my job actually was. I didn't want to rush through all my secrets at once, but I didn't really know how normal people did this stuff, and how I made my living and where I went five days a week seemed kinda important. Clearly, however, there was another conversation to be had. 

"You wanna talk about it?" I asked, shoveling another forkful of spaghetti into my mouth. I wasn't the best cook, but it was hard to go wrong boiling water. 

"Uh, yeah. Adam apologized to me today." 

I set my fork down and scratched at the sudden itches appearing on my arms. I squeezed my eyes shut and Phoebe's voice reached me. 

You gotta let people earn your trust. You're not just hurting yourself. 

I opened my eyes to see Julian staring into his bowl of cold pasta. 

"What did he say?" 

"Well, he apologized, and then he asked me to hang out sometime. I asked if he had a crush on me, and he basically said yes, so I told him we couldn't." 

I brought the abandoned forkful back to my mouth and chewed as I considered Adam's request. 

"I think you should hang out with him." Julian shot me a look. "I think it would help him," I insisted. "Maybe he'll see what a dork you are and-" 

Julian flung spaghetti at me, dousing my hair with tomato sauce. I quickly set my bowl aside and tried to wipe the sauce away but ended up smearing it further into my hair as Julian cackled at me. "I'm gonna fucking end you, Osman." 

He chuckled and resumed eating. "You and what army, babyface?" 

I growled and shoved his bowl from his lap, sending noodles and red splatter across my carpet, and I tackled him. He spit the fork from his mouth and pushed me onto my back. He had a good 4 inches on me, but the bastard was skinny, and I had him at my mercy in no time. 

"Fuck- you- Matt," he huffed, and my cock twitched at the memory of goading him as he bent me over the counter. 

"Fuck you," he whispered with a smirk, and he slammed his cock into me. 

I relaxed my headlock to tip his mouth back towards mine. 

Big mistake. 

He flipped me onto my back and pinned my wrists at my sides. The weight of his upper body anchored my hips. I pushed at his shoulders and grunted. 

"Ugh. That's what I get for trying to kiss my boyfriend." 

He beamed at me. I couldn't help but smile back. 

"Booyyyfrriieend," I repeated, and I blew him a kiss. He grinned and kissed under my jaw. 

"Boyfriend," he agreed, and he planted another kiss at the corner of my mouth and then a torturously short one on my lips. I whined and pushed against his grasp, but he ignored me. 

"You really think I should hang out with Adam?" 

His grip loosened and I draped my arms around his waist. "Yeah. Being friends might help him. It seems like he needs one." 

He pressed his lips to mine just a tad longer this time, and I whined again. 

"You're a good one, Vogt," he murmured, and my hands found his neck to pull him into the deep kiss that I was craving. 

****** 

I figured that the afterglow of simultaneous orgasm wasn't a bad time to bring up some potentially inflammatory subject matter. 

"Juli?" 

"Yes, sexy?" He gave my cock a squeeze and I gave a strangled cry. 

"Julian! Too soon!" 

He laughed and I sighed. 

"You're an idiot." He smiled sweetly and nestled into me. I toyed with his hair tie. "I wanna keep going with our truth-talk... thing." Nice vocab, you fucking idiot. "I know that I'm not good with... private... trust stuff," I managed, stumbling along, "so I was hoping that we could do a sort of Q&A type thing. It's not the most organic method, but I... I'm really trying, Juli." 

He brushed his lips against my cheek. "That sounds good, babe." After a pause, he added, "Can we make it a drinking game?" 

I exhaled and rubbed his back. "That how I know you're the one," I replied. He smiled and kissed the soft skin under my chin, and my dick jumped. For fuck's sake. 

"'Too soon,' he says," Julian snickered. I shoved him onto his back and straddled him. 

****** 

After much deliberation, Julian and I decided that our little game (which he dubbed "Sip and Spill") (which I thought was corny and refused to say) would operate as follows: 1) Vodka would be used (chosen over tequila or gin because we weren't trying to die), 2) We would take the shots only before difficult/painful questions (and at the beginning of the game, for the ritual), and 3) We were allowed to but not encouraged to skip particularly difficult/painful questions. 

He borrowed a metal pourer from the bar (and some limes, 'cause even vodka becomes intolerable eventually) and sealed it into the neck of the bottled before expertly pouring two shots. We settled opposite each other on the floor by the coffee table, him with his long legs spread out, me in my classic "criss-cross applesauce." We clinked glasses, Julian made some tired joke about Christopher Sly, and we downed our poison. After the customary cringes and coughs, we began. 

"Okay." I clapped my hands together. "I thought we'd start off with the basics. When did you realize you were gay?" 

"Always knew." 

"Lucky." 

"Okay, when did you realize you were gay?" 

"You can't steal my question!" 

"Oh my god. Okay, who was your first kiss?" 

I grinned. "Allison Levine. My camp girlfriend." 

"Poor girl." 

I shrugged. "Pretty sure she's married with, like, 2 kids. Were you popular in high school?" 

"Nope. Pretty much the only person of color at mon lycée. And an Arab at that!" he said with an eyeroll. I frowned and took his hand in mine so I could kiss his knuckles. He smiled at me and moved so that his back was against the couch, and I followed his lead and laid my head on his shoulder. 

"Okay," he said firmly. "My turn. Are you out back home?" 

Oh. Well, fuck. 

I grabbed my shot and downed it without pause. His brows drew together as he watched me, and his fingers found their way into my hair. 

"Matty..." 

"No, Juli, please. I need to do this." I searched his face, waiting for a sign of confirmation. "Please." 

He gave a small smile and nodded, and I returned my head to his shoulder. "I am 'out at home,' but that's kind of the reason that I don't have an 'at home.'" I swallowed and move to fiddle with his hair tie but realized that it was holding up his hair. And, goddamnit, the man knew exactly what I was thinking. He quickly freed his dark waves and put the tie around his wrist. 

"Don't argue, Matt," he said, gently but firmly, and I smiled to myself because, for once, I wasn't going to. 

I thumbed the elastic and forced myself to continue. "I didn't come out voluntarily. I know I would have eventually, but I don't know if it would've been different. I mean, my life woulda been a whole lot easier if I could've come out when I was older, but... I don't know. I was 14. It was the summer before I started high school. My dad found me on the roof holding hands with a boy, trading little closed-mouth kisses." I snorted. 

"Honestly, I think he would've preferred to find me fucking some guy. That would be less gay to him, somehow." Julian was silent, but he transferred his elastic to the opposite wrist so that he could wrap his arm around my shoulders. "My parents didn't really mind gay people on principle. I mean, they weren't about to invite Mr. and Mr. GLAAD over for wine and cheese, but they weren't up in arms about gay couples living in the neighborhood. But I always knew it would be different with me. It's one thing to have a couple fags down the street, but..." I sighed and Juli kissed my forehead. "I was their only kid. I guess I thought they'd put me in therapy or send me to conversion camp or something, but they just yelled. My mom yelled, and she never raised her voice. I thought she'd cry, not yell. Can I have another shot? She didn't cry. My dad never cried. Thank you." I took the shot and shuddered. "Blech. Yeah. No crying, just yelling. I didn't give in. I just sat there and told the truth: I was gay, and I couldn't change it. They talked for awhile and then they drove me to a gas station, said that they didn't forgive me but they wished me the best, and then they left me there." 

I could feel my nose running and my chest heaving, but I didn't really comprehend that I was crying. I wondered if Julian was crying. Then there was a raw, searing absence at my side, and I thought I would die, oh God, he had left me, he had left me and I started hyperventilating but then I heard his voice. I felt him encompass me, and I was warm, and I loved him. He had only gone to get tissues, he said, but he was so sorry he'd left my side, he shouldn't have done it, he said, and he wiped my face. His voice cut through: "You are everything that is good in this world, Matty. My Matty, mon loulou, you are everything." I could tell that he wasn't crying. I looked at him, and he wasn't crying. I smiled so fucking wide. I hadn't made him cry. He looked a bit disturbed; I was sure my smile made me look crazy, but I just laughed and hugged him and gave him a big smooch. I hadn't made him cry! I laughed again, and he melted into me. He clung to my shirt, and I realized that I had probably just scared the shit out of him. 

"I'm sorry, Juli," I started, and he growled and glared at me. 

"No." 

And that was that. I smiled and gave a short nod, and he smiled, and the sun opened up and shone down on my little apartment in the middle of that December night. 

****** 

We had fallen asleep at some point, and though Julian had no problem sleeping in that position- of course- I soon woke up with a stiff and aching spine. I checked my phone- only one A.M. Good. I wasn't done with this man. 

Oh, I hoped I'd never be done with this man. 

I brushed his hair from his forehead and planted a kiss there. The clean scent of his lavender soap washed over me. The smell had become a sweet comfort to me- Julian snapped me out of my self-abuse by pulling me into a tight hug. He enveloped me in that soft soapy scent of his- it smelled like safety. 

Then I jabbed my elbow into his side. 

I mean, honestly, what choice did I have? 

He huffed a breath and blinked his eyes open. "What... ugh, did you elbow me?" 

"No. Well, yes, but you're rather hard to wake up, Juli." 

He grinned at me. "You said 'rather,' you British bastard." 

I couldn't joke with him. I just needed to fucking tell him about my job. Accounting. I felt sick. Maybe it was the vodka. 

"Julian, there's one more question I need you to ask me." 

He yawned. "Can we do it in bed?" 

I paused, and then I smiled. 

"Alright, Lili," I teased. "Hey, what does 'loulou' mean? You called me loulou earlier." 

I narrowed my eyes when he burst out laughing. "Okay, technically," he said, trying but not trying very hard to suppress a smile, "it means, like, a fluffy little dog-" I huffed in indignation- "but it's really just used as a pet name. Eddy mentioned how it went with Lili, and I may or may not have been calling you that in my head ever since." I crossed my arms, sulking, and he poked my side. "At least he didn't choose ma puce." 
