 Still, dazed and confused decided it would be best to head back home. By the time I would get to the nursing home to see my mother, I would have to turn right around and head back. I would need to stop somewhere and clean myself up. I can't remember the last time I shot a load with that much force. It was hard to tell where it all landed using a rear view mirror to find it.

I had about an 8th of a tank, which was probably not enough to get me to the rest stop, that would be the most discrete. I stopped at the first gas station I passed on the way home. I parked near the door, and did a quick pat down and did not feel any undetected cum spots on my shirt. I walked quickly to the bathroom and used some wet paper towels to dab the cum remnants off my shirt and pants.

As I drove home, I played over and over in my head, how easily I surrendered myself to his big black cock. I didn't care about anything but servicing his dick. It was like a bad dream, but the taste of his cum lingered in my mouth, confirming it was not a dream. I popped in a piece of gum to get rid of the taste in hopes of forgetting how I lost control.

When I got home my wife Sue was happy to see me and gave me a big kiss and hug. "I am so glad you had triple A; I'm not sure I would have known how to find you. That nice Mr. Reeves must have really gone above and beyond to make you want to send a thank you. Not sure I ever remember you sending one to anyone who did work for us," she said smiling.

She handed me a thank you card she had in her collection. I could not believe the irony of the card: 

"Thank you so much for helping me out when I needed it

You are a rare kind of generous 

I have a hard time putting into words how grateful I am

Thanks for spreading your seeds of generosity

"That's a good one," I said setting it on the counter next to my keys. "I'll send it out tomorrow from work, right now I am kind of beat. Can we go to bed now?"

"Sure," she said yawning. "I'm a bit tired myself."

Sue dosed off, while I lie awake thinking about how I lost myself in the smell of his manliness. I kept reliving the warmth and weight of his sweaty cock. My own dick was hard again. I would never sleep like this. So I got up and went to the bathroom and jacked myself off almost tasting his hot jizz in my mouth as I came in the toilet. My orgasm did take the edge off and allowed me to get to sleep.

The next day I went to work early and kept myself busy so I could do my best to get back to a semblance of normalcy. I managed to keep my focus for the most part, but my mind did wonder back to the previous evening. My wife got to experience some increased libido that week. I found that if I kept the edge off by having sex with her or taking care of myself, it helped to keep my mind from obsessing about having his meaty dick in my mouth.

By Friday night I was beginning to feel like things could get back to normal. I was feeling more myself and after taking my wife to dinner and drinking some good wine, we had a great love making session. Finished of by a pounding, doggie style, that brought back some memories. 

After almost 20 years of marriage the days of doggin it were pretty rare. After having our usual missionary style love making, we continued to kiss and caress, and my cock raised again. I delivered a world class back rub, relaxing her completely as I worked down to her still nice ass. I knelt between her legs and kneaded her ass, sliding my hand between her cheeks and on to her wet pussy. As my fingers slid in it was apparent she was ready to go for round 2. I raised up and lay my erection in her ass crack and leaned forward kissing her neck and shoulders. I slowly worked my way down raising back up and gripping her hips pulling her onto her knees. As she rose onto all fours I slid my cock into her hot wetness, enjoying her moan of satisfaction as I filled her up. 

Standing my body straight up, I gripped her hips and pulled her toward me as I thrust my pelvis against her round ass. As I pounded her wet pussy I was amazed how great her ass still looked bouncing off me. She buried her face in the pillow not faking an orgasm tonight that's for sure. Seeing her cum so strongly made me feel more manly than I had for some time. I pounded her watching the wave of energy jiggle her ass each time. 

As I reached my own powerful climax I grunted, "Oh fuck!, Oh fuck!, I'm cumming." 

Sue pushed back on me nodding into the pillow and chanting, " Uh huh, uh huh, uh huh," as I shot my second load into her steaming pussy.

As our passion subsided, she collapsed on our king bed, legs spread on her stomach. I settled in between her legs face on her ass, using it as a warm pillow. I thought I heard my phone ding with a text as I thought, "Hell no, no work texts tonight," and dozed off on my wife's ass.

I woke up Saturday, took a shower and checked my cell phone. There was a text. I opened it up and my heart stopped.

HOW'S MY COCKSUCKER? GOT YOUR THANK YOU CARD. GOT SOME MORE SEEDS TO SPREAD. GLAD TO SEE YOUR WIFE THANKED ME TOO.

I deleted it immediately and cleared my history. What did he mean "your wife thanked me too?" Was he spying on us last night? Then it occurred to me, I never sent the thank you. Sue must have sent it. What could she have written in the card?

"Honey," I yelled. "Have you seen that thank you card for the tow truck guy?"

"I saw you forgot it Monday so I signed it and sent it out for you," she said smiling.

"Oh good, thanks. Did you add a note?" I asked, hoping not.

"I just told him, that such good customer service was hard to come by these days. And I told him you were very grateful and not to hesitate to ask if he ever needed anything." she replied. "I signed it from Marty and Sue Davis.

"Great! Thanks!" I said.

"Well I guess no worries he may take that the wrong way" I thought sarcastically to myself. Now his text made perfect sense. My wife went grocery shopping as I watched some football and tried not think about the text.

Ding, another text. 

READY FOR SOME MORE CUSTOMER SERVICE. IT'S "HARD" TO "CUM BUY"...REALLY SUBTLE. SAME TIME SAME PLACE THIS SUNDAY?

I wrote back quickly: I DID NOT SEND THE CARD. PLEASE STOP TEXTING.

I hoped this would end it but somehow knew I would never be so lucky.

Ding: ARE YOU SURE?

Ding: 

It was a picture of his hard dick fully exposed

Ding: YOU NEVER GOT TO LICK MY SWEATY BALLS MARTY. I WILL BE WORKING A FULL SHIFT AGAIN SUNDAY...SAME TIME SAME PLACE?

I wrote back again: STOP TEXTING ME.

I looked at the picture and it did occur to me I did not see his balls during our first encounter. His sack was large, round and tight to his cock. I could not really tell there were 2 testicles in there. It almost looked perfectly round like a balloon. It looked pretty well hairless, but looking closely I could see a couple of curly black hairs scattered about it. I was slapped back to reality.

Ding: IF I DON'T GET A YES IN 5 MINUTES THE PRICE WILL GO UP. NO YES IN 2 HOURS I MOVE ON AND THE DOOR IS CLOSED FOR GOOD.

I wrote back: HAVE A NICE LIFE!

I tried to watch football and hope the 2 hours would erase him from my life and let me get back to normal. After about 15 minutes..

Ding: 1 HOUR AND 45 MINUTES TO GO AND NOW YOU WILL HAVE TO SUCK MY FRIEND BEN'S COCK TOO.

There was a picture of another hard-on. It was a bit fatter and a bit lighter shade of black. It had a pronounced ridge that ran from the his balls to the cleft of the head. The head had a less pronounced ridge and was shorter and fatter than Robert's. His testicles hung down and were distinctly separate. His sack looked completely hairless and his bushed was shaved very short. It was difficult to judge its length from the close up but It would be a good bet it was a lot bigger than mine.

I tried to focus on football, but I found myself staring at the pictures and comparing them. I remembered the feel of his meat in my mouth, the scent, the taste...

I had to stop this. I sent him another text.

I'M MARRIED...PLEASE LEAVE ME ALONE.

Ding: How many times did you fuck your wife this week?

Send: 4 

Ding: HOW MANY TIMES IN THE LAST 2 MONTHS?

Send: 1

Ding: SUCKING MY COCK IS AN APHRODISIAC TO MIDDLE AGED WHITE GUYS. YOUR WIFE WILL THANK YOU FOR IT. WITH BEN'S CUM YOU WILL BE FUCKING SUPERMAN.

My cock tingling, my mind swirled as I hit send: YES

DING: I'M FEELING THAT MOUTH ALREADY COCKSUCKER. BE AT THE REST STOP 10 MILES SOUTH OF OUR GAS STATION AT 5:30 TOMORROW. BEN WILL BE IN AN 18 WHEELER WITH A YELLOW TRACTOR AND A LIGHT GREEN TRAILER. YOU CAN'T MISS IT. TELL HIM YOUR HIS COCKSUCKER AND DO WHAT HE SAYS. BY THE WAY, I TOLD HIM HOW YOU LIKE TO JACK OFF, SO YOU WILL NEED TO MAKE YOURSELF CUM FOR HIM.

Ding: SEE YOU AT OUR SPOT AT 6:30. TEXT ME IF YOU WILL BE LATE. 

Send: OK

Ding: SHOULD I SHOWER AFTER WORK BEFORE I CUM IN YOU MOUTH?

Send: NO

Ding: AU NATURAL...I LIKE YOUR STYLE COCK SUCKER.

SUNDAY:

I pulled into the rest stop in a daze, with my dick half hard and oozing pre-cum. I could hardly come to grips with what I was doing. I took a last look at the picture of Ben's cock, imagining what it might feel like in my hands, feeling it grow hard. My balls were tingling and pulsing in my pants, driving me on toward my prize.

I walked toward the yellow truck, it was easy to find. The engine was running but no one was in the cab. I knocked on the door and waited. I heard a voice from inside.

"Your early," the voice said

He popped out of the sleep chamber of the truck. He had short hair and a thinner build than Robert. He wore a white T-shirt with an unbuttoned flannel. He opened the door and looked down at me. 

"Who are you?" he asked

"Mar...Your cocksucker," I stuttered realizing the correct answer.

"Nice," he said grinning. Go to the last stall in the back of the Men's room, take off your pants and underwear and I will be there in one minute."

A public bathroom?..I thought about protesting but needed to feel him in my mouth. "OK," I said actually smiling at the thought of what was coming. My heart rate increased as I approached the rest room. Thank goodness it was empty and traffic was light on a fall Sunday evening.

I took my pants off and hung them on the hook on the door so they would not be visible on the floor. Not that my socked feet wouldn't draw a strange look, so I put my shoes back on. My dick stiffened and I heard the door open and a pair of work boots walking in as I peaked under the stall walls. As they approached, I could hardly breath. The door jerked open and he stood before me smiling. I did not care that I was sitting on the toilet with no pants or underwear with my boner hanging out for the world to see.

"Is that a banana in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?", he said 

He stepped closer positioning himself between my legs and unbuckled his belt. He unzipped his pants and pulled out his thick black cock. I reached for it needing to touch it. 

"Not so fast," he snapped, slapping me back to reality. You need to savor a beauty like this. I want you to jack off for me, telling me how much you want it."

He pulled his pants down to his knees giving me full view of his 8"+ cock, pointing forward and arching slightly toward the floor, not fully erect, but growing. He stroked it a couple of times pointing it toward my face. I looked at his balls dangling like in the photo, distinctly separated, perfect for taking one at time in my mouth. 

"You should probably pick your feet up in case someone comes in," he said breaking my trance on his juicy tool.

I was already stroking my self as I snapped back into the real world. I looked for something to support my feet, and decided to just put them straight our straddling him and bracing them on the door frame. This leaned my head back to counter balance exposing my dick for him as I stroked, focusing back on his oozing cock.

"Tell me what you want cocksucker," he said looking down at me

"I want to taste you fat dick. Please let me feel that hot meat in my mouth. (stroking faster) I want your cum in my mouth please. (moaning and breathing harder) I want to make you cum...Oh fuck I'm cumming! (he put his finger over his mouth to quiet me) Uh, uh, uh," I whispered through gritted teeth shooting my load all over my button down shirt. 

Shit! Why did I leave my shirt on and buttoned. Shooting my load lifted the fog a bit as I realized how dangerous this is. If we got caught, I could go to jail. How would I explain that to my wife? 

"You are a committed cocksucker," he said smiling and waving his dick at me. Time to get to work. 

He stepped as close as he could, and I raised my torso to meet him. I could not comfortably service his cock with my feet pressed to the stall walls so I dropped them to the floor not caring if anyone saw. I only knew that cock was calling me. I was seated too high to get the access I really wanted. I needed to lick his balls and take them in my mouth, so I tilted my head sideways and griped his shaft gently. Leaning down as low as I could, I extended my tongue to lick the right side of his ball sack. His moan of approval was like adrenaline through my body.

I wanted to drop to me knees and get lower to have better access but it was not enough. I looked up to him and pushed him into the corner of the stall dropping to my knees.

"Please I need to lick you balls," I begged, sliding my knees between his legs and resting my ass on my heals. 

This got me low enough to lick them from underneath, swirling my tongue all around them. They were so warm and soft. I gently opened my mouth wide to allow his right ball into my mouth, tickling it with my tongue. He moaned softly as I switched to the left. They filled my mouth so nicely, I did not want to stop. He did not seem to mind so I took turns on them. 

I was vaguely aware of the door opening but kept working his balls quietly. I glanced up at him and he put his hand over his mouth to keep quiet as I licked around the top of his balls and around the base of his pole. It was heavy and thick in my hand and I could not get my fingers around it. The toilet flushed and the person walked out without washing his hands. 'How unsanitary,' I thought, licking this strangers balls.

I licked the ridge I had seen in the photo up the right side of his cock, and on the left side on the way down to his balls. 

"You sure enjoy your work cocksucker," he said sighing with pleasure. "You know how to make an event of it." 

I took a big lick from his lower balls, slowly up his shaft stopping and starting as I worked toward his head. As I reached his head I could taste his pre-cum and sucked his head in my mouth, lapping it up with my tongue.

"God damn cocksucker. That feels fucking good," he said gripping my head to make sure I did not pull off.

Pulling off was not what I had in mind. His girth was magnificent. It was all I could do to take 6 inches in my mouth and no chance of deep throating that monster. Now up on my knees, I cupped his balls gently with my left hand and stoked the base of his shaft in my right, while I worked his hot thick pole with my mouth, never letting my tongue stop moving. 

He wiggled and grunted as I bobbed my head faster and faster waiting for his hot load. 

"Oh yeah, you ready for it c, c, cocksucker? It's gonna blow.", he groaned, leaning his head back.

The door to the restroom opened as he was on the verge. The distraction, seemed to back him off, but I needed his cum, so I worked him that much harder and he tensed as his first shot ejected into my waiting mouth. I nodded my approval as he released in my hungry mouth. He was amazingly quiet as his balls convulsed filling my mouth with his hot juice. I sucked and swallow every drop I could, but his fat cock was such a mouth full it was hard not to let some leak out. My mouth was pumping out saliva like crazy as it filled me completely.

As he pushed into me his last shot of cum drenched my tongue. I sucked and pumped his softening dick to milk it for him. When he finished he pulled out without making a sound. The toilet flushed and the person went to the sink and washed their hands. Then we heard the door close and Ben, put his dick away, pulled up his pants and said.

"Good work cocksucker, you are gonna work out. Can't wait till Robert turns you out. I'll be in touch."

He slipped out the door leaving me half naked and half covered in cum. I got my pants on and dabbed as much cum as I could with the toilet paper. After cleaning up with the help of the mirror, I looked at my watch and decided I better get going or I would be late for my next appointment.

As I walked out of the restroom, a 30 something white guy came up to me and handed me a piece of paper and said, "Please text me the next time you are working this rest stop, I want some of that action." He lingered for a second hoping I would stop him and service him now. I put the paper in my pocket and walked to the car. (Why did I put the number in my pocket?!)

Send: ON MY WAY

I drove on to "our spot".

As I pulled into the empty gas station, I saw his wrecker truck in the parking lot. I rolled my car into the spot beside the building nose to the dumpster, my tell tale cock busting to get out as I recalled the sensation of my first encounter with cock. Still tasting the cum of my last stop, I could not wait for more. 

He cranked over the diesel engine in his wrecker and pulled in behind me blocking the view of my car from the road. The building on the right, dumpster in the front, and 8ft. solid fence to the left made for great privacy. He turned the engine off and walked toward my window. I could see a bulge in his pants and longed to "free the beast" again. He walked up and looked down at me from beside the car.

"Hey Marty, glad you could make it. I heard you took it like a trooper. Ben says you took to his cock like a bee to honey. I feel a little like sloppy seconds but a mouth is 

a mouth they don't really stretch out like your asshole will. Are you ready to be my cocksucker Marty?" He said smiling

'Like my asshole will?' I thought, 'hell no!'

"Yes, I'm ready to suck you off. Can I please pull it out?" I asked feeling my throat tighten a little in anticipation of seeing his magnificent tool. I swallowed hard as my testicle stirred and I my respiration accelerated rapidly. 

"Go ahead cocksucker. Enjoy, I know I will," he said stepping forward and pressing his pelvis in my window. "The coast is clear."

It was still more exciting just seeing his pelvis and having my way with him without him seeing me.

I reached out and unbuckled his belt. I unhooked his grey work pants and pulled his zipper down. I needed access to his balls this time, so as I spread his front flaps apart to access his amazing cock, I grabbed his waist band at the side of his hips, lunged out the window and yanked his pants down, pushing them to his knees. His 10 inch cock touching my cheek, was like a heating pad against my skin.

"Whoa! Easy there Marty. We are in public," He said stepping back an grabbing his pants.

"Please, I need to lick your ball," I said pleading.

"I knew you'd like that! Have at it cocksucker," he said stepping back in. gripping his pants in case we were disturbed.

It hung in my face half hard and glistening on the tip. I leaned in extending my tongue, lifting the head and tasting his hot sweaty rod. I opened my mouth and took in his head and needed to see how much I could get in my mouth before he got fully hard. I pushed forward trying to touch his balls with my lips with his meat in my mouth. I pushed and wiggled and barely touched his ball. I sucked harder and slowly pulled out stretching his dick as I sucked and pulled. It made it to 12 inches as I stretched it out. I began to work it back in when he reached in with on hand an gripped my head pulling me off.
