 Neal had to piss like a racehorse. Why did he drink three large coffees when he knew he would be on the road for a while? 

"Need to stay awake is why," he thought to himself.

Neal's business meeting had been moved to 8:00 am sharp and of course it had to be almost 2 ½ hours from home. That left him putting the pedal to the metal and going way over the legal speed limit. He knew the highway would be jammed with cars, even at this early hour, and he could not afford to be late. His girlfriend, Cindy, had told him about a shortcut, so now here he was -- barreling down a backcountry road without even other headlights for company.

Neal just hoped one of nature's creatures didn't decide to tempt fate and cross the road. At the speed he was going it wouldn't be pretty.

As the miles flew by, the pressure in Neal's bladder was reaching a breaking point. If he didn't stop soon he was in danger of ruining his $500 silk suit. He couldn't try and close a deal smelling like pee. Plus, Cindy had given it to him as a gift and she'd kill him if something happened to it. At the thought of Cindy another pressure started to build. With her long dark hair and soft breasts she was quite a looker. She also usually gave him a morning blowjob, but due to the early hour Neal hadn't wanted to wake her.

Now not only did he have to go, he was starting to get a major hard-on. 

"Fuck," Neal ground out. He was going to have to pull over on the side of the road, find a bush, and maybe rub out a quick one. Hopefully there was no poison ivy or wild animals lurking about. That would be all he needed.

Just then, Neal spied a small sign that said "Rest Stop -- 2 miles."

Hell, he had made it this far, what were a few more miles?

"Tie a knot in it," he said to himself. Neal looked at the clock on the dash. He was making good time. He had to hand it to Cindy. She certainly knew how to get around.

As Neal pulled into the rest stop he almost kept going. It looked like it was nothing more than a latrine, like the kind you'd find at summer camp where all you had was a hole in a plank of wood.

"Beggars can't be choosers."

Neal pulled in and practically leapt from the car. He briefly took note of a pickup truck parked at the end of the lot. Neal wasn't worried. If there WAS a psycho urinal stalker he'd whiz all over him and run. At this point all he cared about was making it.

Neal darted into the first stall he came to, pulled himself out of his pants, and let it rip. The interior of the bathroom was gloomy. As his eyes adjusted to the dimness, he thanked the stars above that all he had to do was pee. It was probably the nastiest place he had ever seen, with toilet paper everywhere, bowls that probably hadn't been cleaned in months, and a floor that was so filthy his feet were sticking to it. He didn't even want to think about the forms of genetic makeup responsible for this atrocity. As soon as the meeting was over, his shoes were going in the trash and he'd be washing his floor mats.

As Neal drained the last drops from his piss hole, he experienced the sensation of being watched. 

"Hello," he called. "Is anyone there?" 

When no answer sounded Neal relaxed, chalking it up to an overactive imagination. Speaking of imagination, Neal began to imagine a warm mouth sucking him off. After all, he DID miss his morning hummer. He could spare a few minutes to take care of business. Besides, he would probably be more at ease during the presentation. 

Neal started to stroke his dick in a practiced rhythm. He closed his eyes and thought about spraying a massive load on Cindy's tits.

"Fuck yeah," he moaned as his cock swelled and thickened even more.

Suddenly he heard an answering moan from the next stall over. 

"What the hell?" Neal shouted as he began to stuff himself back into his slacks.

"Just doing the same thing you are man," a voice whispered. "Don't mind me."

"Just make sure you stay over there," Neal hissed. The mood was almost ruined, but if he could manage to ignore the stranger next door he was sure he could bust a nut and get the heck out of there.

Neal again closed his eyes and tried not to think about anything other than getting off.

He spit on his hand, grabbed the base, and started to slide up and down his shaft with a gentle pressure. With his other hand, he tugged on his low hanging nuts. He was hard, that was for sure, but the more he masturbated the more frustrated he was becoming. It just wasn't working.

"Need some help," the mystery voice asked?

"Shut the hell up," Neal snarled. "Screw this, I'm outta here!"

"Aw come on," came the reply. "You KNOW you want to cum. I can make it happen."

Neal looked down and saw fingers waving from a hole in the stall separation. Had it been there all along?

"And just what am I supposed to do?" Neal shouted. "Shove my prick through a freaking hole in the wall and let some perv suck it?"

"That IS the general idea," said the voice. "Unless of course you want to continue your travels with a set of blue balls."

Neal slowly let that thought sink in. Here he was in the middle of nowhere and a stranger was offering to gobble his knob in the men's room, no questions or strings attached. It sounded like the plot from a bad porn movie, but DAMN was he horny.

"You're not a cop are you?" Neal asked.

"No, just a worked up traveler like yourself looking for a little action."

Neal was silent for a few moments. He had never done anything like this before. He knew he had to get on the road so it was now or never.

"Fuck it. I want you to suck my dick," Neal sighed.

"I think I can handle that," came a husky reply.

Cautiously, Neal approached the wall and gingerly placed his penis through the opening. Immediately he felt a warm breath blowing on the head of his cock. 

A wet tongue darted out and began to lick up and down his veiny rod. The mystery tongue swirled all around Neal's erection, covering every inch before settling in to lap at his velvety tip. Neal could sense the tongue pulling away, but before he could utter a protest a thick glob of spit landed on the head of his dick followed by a hot and hungry mouth. 

Neal felt his world start to spin out of control. The mouth was taking him all in, something that was impressive since he knew he measured about 8 inches. 

Jesus, he could feel himself actually sliding down the back of the dude's throat! The mouth suckled and pulled, alternating between slow and sloppy strokes to fast and hard. Neal had never been blown like this before.

The mouth was out of control, bobbing and gagging on thick man meat. Neal became aware of a low keening wail that he finally recognized as coming from his own mouth.

"Shit that feels good. Suck that dick. Take it all the way down. YES!"

"Um hummmm," the mouth hummed around Neal.

Neal felt a familiar tingle start low in his balls. He was going to bust one hell of a nut.

"You're gonna make me cum man," Neal warned.

The mouth briefly broke off contact.

"Screw my mouth. I want to taste you," it pleaded before resuming its oral hold.

Neal braced his hands on the stall walls and pumped in and out of the hole, going deeper and deeper into the unknown throat.

As his orgasm began to build, Neal threw his head back and howled. Spurt after spurt burst forth as he emptied his load down the stranger's gullet. The mouth greedily gulped it all down, then the tongue took a few last licks.

Neal pulled himself out of the hole and adjusted his clothes. He felt drained and his legs were shaking from the force of his climax.

"Yum Yum," said an amused voice.

"That was incredible. I've never had anyone suck me off like that," confessed Neal.

"Do you plan on coming this way again?" 

"In fact, I DO need to come this way in three weeks," admitted Neal.

"Good. I'll meet you here at the same time. Except when next we meet I'll be cumming down YOUR throat."

Neal left the rest room, got in his car, and went on his way. Later that night, Cindy asked how his day had gone.

"Great," Neal replied. "I got the account and a big fat raise. Which reminds me. Know of any more short cuts?"