 It was nearly two weeks since Robert and had a wank in the front seat of my car while we watched the sun-set. I was deep in thought as I shower, rubbing the soap over my cock and balls. I felt good and Horney as the water flowed over my body. I was just thinking when we could get together so I can give him his first fuck, and I hope not the last fuck. Then I heard the wife calling me asking when I am going to town to pick up the mobile phone that was in the shop for repair. I shouted that I would be two minutes.

I dried myself still feeling Horney. I dressed in blue jeans, put on a green tank top, got down stairs picked up the phone receipt, and began my walk to the shop. Robert lives in the same street only three doors away. As I passed his garden gate I looked quickly at his house, I could see him in the kitchen window; he saw me and beckoned me to stop. I slowed my walk hoping he would come out, he did so, I stopped turned to face him as he came up to me. 

"Hi Robert, how are you" I said.

"I'm OK – just letting you know that my mum and dad are away on Saturday till Sunday on a Christian week-end. – How are you fixed for a 'do' Saturday night" he said.

We spoke for a few minutes then agreed I come around his place about 8pm on Saturday night for a few hours. I pointed out that I would need to give an excuse to the wife that I will be going out for a bar drink for the evening and will be back about 11pm. This agreed I continued my walk into town leaving Robert with that big sexy smile that I saw for the first time some two weeks ago.

I did my best to keep my mind off the session that Robert and I agreed on for Saturday night. However, at times images would enter my mind, thoughts of him bent over and my cock sliding into his arse, or him jacking off over my face as my finger works wonders in his anus. Saturday arrived; I keep busy all day to help keep my mind off Robert. I was hoping to see him during the day just to make sure that all was OK for tonight.

During dinnertime at about 6pm, I told the wife that I was out for a drink tonight and should be back about 11pm. She seemed OK with that. I showered and was able to resist a wank. I put some nice body spray all over me. Got dressed in my best jeans, which showed off my crutch and shirt putting a nice jacket on making certain that the small tube of KJ jelly was hidden in the in-side pocket, it was now 7-30 as I sat in the armchair waiting for 8 o'clock to come. The wife commented that I looked good and sexy and was I out with some chick, we both busted out with laughter at the idea. Little did she know that I was about to fuck a young man soon.

8pm came so I kissed the wife saying that I will be back about 11pm and went thorough the front door. I had to be careful not to be seen going to Roberts house, so I walked down the road to the entrance to a back allay that gave access to the back of the houses. I slowly walked along the alley until I got to Roberts back gate. I hesitated at the gate hoping that Roberts mum and dad had truly gone off to the Christian weekend, if not then I would be in trouble having to make up some story why I needed to see Robert. I took a deep breath opened the gate, walked up the path and knocked on the door.

I waited what seemed ages before I heard someone turning the lock in the door. The door opened and there stood Robert dressed in light blue denim trousers and a cream tank top, he looked nice.

"Come on in Joe – the parents have gone away and will be back tomorrow." He said.

I stepped inside the kitchen as Robert locked the door. He turned facing me and made some small talk about things we had done over the last few days.

"Shall we go upstairs then" he said.

I indicated yes – sure. We walked up the stairs; he was in front showing me his wonderful arse as we climbed the stairs. 

"This is my bedroom" he said as he opened the door. The bedroom was tidy. At one end was his bed, it was a three-quarter size bed. At the other end of the bedroom were a wardrobe and two small chairs. Robert stood in the middle of the room not sure what to do next. I realised that it would be up to me to lead the way.

"Let's get un-dressed" I whispered.

We silently started to un-dress. First the jacket which I put next to the bed so I can discreetly access the KY jelly, then the shirt and trousers until I was only in my red boxers, he was slower at un-dressing, taking his time to fold his clothes and lay them on the chairs. I watched him, noticing his body shape. Mmmm I thought 'he is hansom and about to be fucked for the first time'. At last, he was un-dressed except for his light blue boxers. I walked up to him and pressed my crutch up to his. We were both hard, I held his thighs, pulling tight to me, and he wrapped his arms around my shoulders. We remained still for a few seconds then I started to kiss his neck.

"Ooo – that's nice" he said, as I nuzzled my nose against his right ear then sucking on his ear lobe.

"Let's get into bed – now" I whispered.

We slid off our boxers and slid into the bed, me being on his right side next to him. I lay on my back putting my left arm out; he turned onto his side putting his head on my arm pushing his crutch against my left thigh and his left arm lying over my chest.

"Just lay still for a while" I said. 

I could feel his hot cock against my thigh. He slid is hand down and then held my cock, he worked it until I became rock hard and pre-cum leaking from my tip. Has he played with my knob end with his fingers I kissed the top of his head at the same time I stroked his cheek with my right hand. Suddenly he sat up, turned around, and got on top into a 69 position. We wrapped our arms around each other's bum. He started to lick the pre-cum of the head of my cock. We rolled onto our sides still locked in a 69 position, I pulled my legs up, and his head lay on my thighs. Then he did the same. I could tell from his glistening cock head that if I touched him with my lips he would cum and I didn't what that yet.

I slid down a little so I could see his anus, it was beautiful, nice and smooth with no 'pucker'. Robert was in the same position and is viewing my anus, his head was some 6 inches from it. He kept still as I slowly licked my tongue across his balls onto his anus. He gasped I then wrapped my legs around his head and slowly, with increasing pressure, drew his head nearer to my anus until I could feel his breath on my arse. What a turn on this is, and how dirty this is knowing that Robert a young man who's never been with a man nor a woman before is about to 'tongue' my bum then being fucked by me. His resistance ended when I felt his tongue stabbing my hole. I thought 'that is enough – if I don't stop now we will both cum'.

I broke away from our 69 position telling Robert that I need to fuck him now. I reached for the KY jelly. Robert asked if he could put the jell on my cock. I got off the bed and stood up with Robert sitting on the edge of the bed. I gave him the jell tube, he screwed the top off and began to squeeze the KY onto my cock. The jell was cold at first, it all ways is. He wrapped his right hand around my cock and squeezing more jell on with his left hand until I told him that is enough. We wiped the jell off our hands, then I got back onto the bed.

I told Robert to get on all fours with his arse in the air. I positioned myself behind him with my knees between his legs. I grabbed his thigh with my left hand and positioned my cock to his anus. I looked down at him and could see he had his head down resting on his hands facing to my left with his eyes shut. I put my cock head to his entrance with enough pressure so I could shift my hands and with my thumbs stretch open his anus. My dick head slipped in with no resistance. Robert gave a little whimper. I pushed in a little more until I had 3 inches in him, he tightened up on me, and so I stopped pushing. I told him to relax and let me fully in. After some seconds he relaxed and my cock went all the way in, my balls now pressing against him.

Robert moved his head, burying his face into his hands, I brought my right hand under him feeling his soft cock. His is a little frightened I thought. I decided to reassure him. Telling him he is making my cock feel great and he had a lovely body, he turned his face to the side wearing his beautiful smile. I told him to hang on because I will be cumin in about three strokes.

"Ooo – yes – cum inside me – shoot your muck" he groaned.

I held onto his thighs working my cock in and out of his arse, after about three or four strokes my spunk boiled up and I shot four ropes of the white stuff inside him. I collapsed on his back and we sank down onto the bed. I kissed his ear and whispered that was great. My softening cock was still inside him, he slid his hands over mine and intertwined his fingers with my fingers. We lay breathless for a minute just soaking up the nice feeling of post-sex. I whispered to Robert that it is your turn to cum. I lifted myself up, getting a towel to wipe my cock and his arse as he lay there on the bed.

I asked how he would like to cum? He gave no answer so I lay on my back and beckoned him to kneel on the bed with his left leg between my legs close up touching my balls. He did that, then I said for him to raise his right leg in a crouching position so I could put my finger into his arse as he wanked off over me. It took a few seconds to position ourselves. He started to work his cock with his left hand, I slid my left index finger into his anus. He looked at me and started to work his cock faster. His breathing got shallower and quicker, a sign one is about to cum. With my finger in is arse I 'hooked' it so as to rub his prostrate gland at the same time I cupped his balls in my hand. That was enough to send Robert over the top.

"Arrr – god – I'm cumin" He screamed.

The first rope landed on my right cheek, the second across my lips and the third across my chest. Robert fell on top of me panting very fast. We rubbed our bodies together spreading his cum all over.

We looked into each others eyes and slowly joined in a French kiss. Robert said that he would like to do that again, perhaps he could fuck me, I smiled.