 This is a story about my friendship with a young man named Robert. He lived in the same road as I, some two doors away. He was about 18 years old at the time my family and I moved into the area. He lived with is mom and dad, at the time I was about 30 years old and lived with my wife and two sons. At times, I would meet Robert in the road or on my weekly walk into town. We would see each other and wave or nod a pleasant smile. One Saturday afternoon I was exiting the corner shop and bumped into him as he was walking pass, we both smiled and said sorry. We began talking for about five minutes about nothing much, he was pleasant and had a nice smile. He told me he had been at a church service and was feeling on top of the world. 

He was a little excited and was beaming that big smile showing a lovely set of teeth, which matched his grey eyes. As he talked, I realized what a nice looking young man he was. He was a little taller than I was. About 5-11, he carried a nicely shaped body and was a little on the thin side and I could see a small amount of black hair showing on his chest from under his open neck shirt.

He continued to talk as we both walked on our way home. I was giving the odd 'yes' – 'no' as responses to the series of questions he was firing at me. Suddenly he asked:-

"Do you believe in God and love?"

I replied mainly about 'love', saying to love and be close to someone is good and rewarding. Being intimate makes you feel important and alive! He looked at me as we walked, stared at me as we took in the evening sunset.

"I'm not loved – I'm on my own – my parents don't seem able to show love," he said in a quiet voice.

The sun was almost on the horizon displaying a beautiful sunset I pointed out to Robert. We agreed it was a nice site to see. As we were only 50 yards from our homes I turned and said to him

"Would you like a run in my car and look at a real sun-set – sometime soon? If that OK with you"

He, with out hesitation said "I would love to" 

We were now at his home, both of us standing at his gate. We eagerly fixed a date for next Saturday. This suited me because my family will be away from Saturday until Sunday afternoon. I pointed out to Robert at the sunsets about 7pm and the journey will take about half an hour by car to a place in the country where we can get a good view of a sunset.

"I will call at your house at 6pm – if it's not raining" said Robert. He added what we do if it's a bad sky. We can take a chance and go for a ride anyway. - He agreed.

All day Saturday, I kept thinking about Robert. He is starved of love and affection and in need of intimacy. I don't think he's been with a man, or for that matter a woman. I note that he is hairy when looking at the dark hair on the top of his chest below the neck. I wondered if he is cut, semi-cut, or even with a full foreskin. I am looking forward to holding, working and sucking his cock.

My family members left my home late afternoon at about 4pm to stay at the mother in-laws for the weekend; they are due back Sunday night. I had a slow shower. I felt horny and resisted a wank, to save myself for Robert. I dried off and put some nice scent on over my body. I put some special scent over my arse and crutch. This special scent can be attractive to some men. I needed to decide what to wear, it is a bit cool to wear shorts, I would like to because it shows off my arse and crutch nicely. I decided to dress in jeans and a polo neck jumper. Robert is a bit conservative in his dress, I have only seen him in slacks and a white shirt, and I suppose that is what he will be wearing at 6 pm. I looked out at the sky, it is a little cloudy, but is promising that we could get a good sunset. Just then, the doorbell rang. I opened the door and there was Robert. 

"Are you ok Joe – the trip is still on, I hope?" he said. 

"Yes – it's still on, we could get a good sun-set tonight" I said

He was dressed in blue shorts and a gray tank top. I asked if he is cold dressed like that. He said he has warmed blooded and will be OK. We got in my car and began the journey into the countryside. He told me that his parents think he is going to church and he will need to be back home at 9pm. OK I said.

As I drove, I had the odd side ways look at him. As he sat on the front seat next to me with his legs a little open, I could just tell the bulge between his legs. This looked promising I thought to myself. We drove in a westerly direction. I explained to Robert that we will go down a private road that looks out west and we will get a good view. We chanted about nothing in particular. He seems to suggest that he has never done anything like this. I wondered what he meant. We got to the end of the private road, turned into a sort of lay-by, and stopped the car.

"What a lovely view" he said. Yes- I pointed out that the sun was about 3 degrees from the horizon and will set in about 15 min. The sky had cleared of cloud. We sat looking that the spectacle. He moved his body a little lower down the seat opening his beautiful legs a little, and had his hands tucked under his thighs. I started to get a little hard; I adjusted myself in the seat, putting my left arm onto the back of his seat, so I could see him and the sunset easily. The sun was now on the horizon. We watched as the sky lit up with red and some green colour. Then the sun was gone and we could see the thin crescent moon up and to the left and the horizon still with its rings of colour. 

"I have never seen a sun-set like that before" - Robert exclaimed. 

Then he said, "Have you been here with someone before". 

I told him that I have at times, but I did not tell him it was with men as well as women. I was still not sure if he 'will go' for a sexual encounter with me yet.

"It's a very romantic setting – it's making me feel warm" he said.

"That's nice" I said. 

I moved my arm to touch the back of his neck. He tipped his head back, pressing onto my arm. I moved my body side ways, facing him. I looked at him. He then leaned his head towards me resting it on my shoulder. We remained very quite for a few minutes looking at the last of the twilight and the fading colours above the horizon. I thought to myself 'this is the time to act- now or never'. I pulled his head closer to my shoulder and played my fingers in his hair. He did not move. 'So far so good' I thought. I could see he had a 'hard on' and was trying to make himself move comfortable by adjusting his crutch with his right hand.

"Are you OK with this?" I said. As I turned, my body so it was fully facing his with my left knee touching his right one.

"Yes I am – it's nice to be held"

He was now, without knowing, holding his cock through his shorts with his right hand.

I said, "You are hard down there – aren't you"

He said, "So are you" with a little laugh.

I slid my right hand onto his thigh; he then slid his hand off his cock. I moved my hand again sliding over his hard cock and seized it in a tight grip. After a few seconds, he said, "that's nice – but is it safe here"

I whispered that it is very safe. He slipped his hand over my hard on. There was still some strong twilight left in the sky. We could see each other well. I told him to turn towards me and I undid his flies. There was a 'silence' except for his zipper slowly being opened by my fingers. I soon had his cock out. It was of average size and with a semi-cut foreskin. I worked his cock slowly up and down. I could see the pre-cum oozing out of his slit. He is quite hairy over his crutch up to his waist. His balls were on the small size. His head was now against my chin, I whispered in his ear that he had a lot of pre-cum. He just grunted. Then he slid down his shorts exposing his thighs and opened his legs as wide has he could and rolled up his tank top.

"Ooo – this is gorgeous- Oooo – yesss" he stuttered.

I could sense he was near on Cumming, so I stopped working him. I asked him to un-zip me. I leaned back while he un-zipped. He seemed to fumble due to his inexperience; I helped by pulling my jeans down to give him access. He looked down at my hard cock then slowly griped it. He started to work me with his left hand. Slow at first then a little faster. Then he looked up at me with his lips only a few inches from mine.

With a smile he said, "Is this nice," yes I replied. His smiling lips made me give him a kiss. He held his breath, I pushed my tongue in and touched his, and he suddenly breathed out and lashed my tongue with his. We did this for a while and then he broke off the kiss looked at me and said-: 

"Will you fuck me?" he gasped.

I would love to fuck you and fill your arse with my spunk, but not here. 

"Can I pull you off then?" he whispered.

I leaned back giving him more room to pull me off. He worked my cock with some skill. When he stroked up his thumb it rubbed the bottom of my knob head. I looked down at the action he was doing to my cock and I was loving it, to see a 'new hand' around it. My breathing pace increased, I was about to cum. suddenly he leaned over my groin and aimed my cock to his chest while wanking me fast. I cum, a long string of spunk shot onto his chest, then another shot landing onto his stomach. As my climax passed he slowed down the working of my cock, then stopped. He had spunk on his hand and wrist. 

"How was that" he said with a smile. "Great" I replied.

"Now it's my turn to give you a good time" I whispered.

He leaned back in the seat with his hands behind his head. I slid is tank top up to his armpits and started to lick his nipples. I worked my tongue slowly down his chest licking up my spunk and flicked it over his belly button. Then I was at his cock. Pe-cum was flooding out of his tip. I cupped his balls with my right hand at the same time let his knob enter my mouth. His dick was smooth, rock hard and hot. He started to make noises.

"Ooo – god – yes – this is lovely" he murmured.

As I sucked him his arse slid to the edge of the seat, his legs wide open. I licked my index finger and put it onto his anus. I pushed my finger part way in, it went in with ease, at the same time I worked him fast with my mouth. Suddenly I felt his hand on my head, lightly at first, his fingers combing my hair. I thought to my self 'he's not far of Cumming'. I then gave one push and my finger went up his arse to the hilt, then his hands pressed hard down on my head.

"I'm cumin – Ahhh" he blurted.

He pressed so hard that I had all his cock in my mouth, my lips touching his balls, then that taste, yes that lovely taste of hot spunk shot to the back of my throat, then another string filling the top of my tongue, it was salty and very thick. As he finished empting his seed into me, his dick started to go soft and 'pop' out of my mouth. I swallowed his spunk, all of it. I like to swallow all on the first time. I looked up at his face. His head was leaning back with a satisfying look.

"Did you like it?" I said.

"Did I like it? – I'll say I did" he retorted.

He looked at his watch, its 8pm. Let us get you back. As we drove back he was quite and displaying a smile. Stop here he said, I will walk. He turned to me saying, "My parents are away for the weekend next month – will you fuck me then". "I will look forward to that" I said as he jumped out of the ca