 "So tell me. How does this gay thing work?" Rock asked as he leaned his beefy back against our sofa. I had just finished my shower, had a towel around my waist and was heading for my bedroom before Rock saw me. Damn it's so hard not to stare at his pecs when he is not wearing a shirt! Rock and I are roommates. We have shared an apartment off campus for about three months now. Rock knew I was gay before we moved in together and he was fine with it. "I don't give a fuck what you do when you gays are together. Fuck, suck each other off. It doesn't matter to me, but, don't judge how I treat women. Are we straight on that?" he asked. I was fine with that. I knew I could look, but I couldn't touch when it came to Rock. So far his philosophy on getting along with a gay roommate was working great! I had my "gay" life and he had his "straight" life.

Rock is a big guy. In high school he was some kind of football hero. Here at the university he wasn't an athlete, but he looked like one and acted like one. He still strutted around like he was the cock of the walk. Not being a college jock didn't stop him from having all the girls he wanted. He still worked out at the gym 3 times a week and his favorite clothes were form fitting jeans and a slightly too tight T-shirt. His 6' 2" body filled out his clothes quite nicely. His shirt stretched over his big pecs smooth and tight, always displaying the points of his beautiful nipples. His jeans were stuffed with huge muscular legs, and his ample crotch looked like he had a small puppy stuffed in his pants. I have always been a sucker for the dark Italian men with that square jaw and muscular neck. Rock always looked like he needed a shave. I often fantasized about feeling the stubble on his face slide across my lips and I kissed his rugged jaw. In my mind he could be a movie star. He already acted like he was God's gift to women.

Although Rock's rugged good looks turned me on, it was his attitude that scared and yet thrilled me. I was in awe of his size, his good looks and the oversized bulge in his pants. On campus Rock walked like a gorilla, swinging his huge arms with every step of his well-muscled legs. His pecs bouncing and his jeans straining to keep his bubble butt covered. Whenever he entered a room everyone would stare. He had a magnetism that commanded attention from the woman who wanted to fuck him and the men who wish they were him. But, his smile! His smile was so beautiful. Those big white teeth peeking out of those full sensuous lips were disconcerting. I used to fantasize about getting my tongue in his mouth and swallowing some of that pure man saliva while I wrapped my tongue around his. Feeling those lips crushed against my mouth and his full weight on top of me. Man, he could give me a hard on, even when he wasn't in the room!

"What do you mean how does that gay thing work?" I answered.

"I mean, is one of you the woman and the other a man?" he asked in all seriousness.

"No, of course not!" I answered. "We are both men. We like men. We are men!" Rock stood up. I watched as his muscled legs pushed his large body off the couch and watched that puppy in his pants get pushed to the side and down his right leg. I guess I had answered him with a little more anger than I meant too.

Now, I work out and I'm not a wimp, but my 5' 9", frame does not stand a chance against this giant corn fed country boy. Rock had about 45 pounds on me. When I stood next to him I looked kind of puny. I have a nice face and I do work out every now and then. My pecs are developed as well as my arms. Not as huge as Rock's though.

Rock walks over to me and steps right in front of my still wet body and he says rather softly, "I sort of thought you were probably the woman." I was staring at his face and watching his lips move, thinking how handsome he was. It took me a while to realize what he had said to me. Before I could get out a protest I felt Rock's thumb and forefinger gently take hold of my right nipple ever so lightly. I gasped! "That's the sound women make when I touch their breasts." he said sexily. His voice was so deep and masculine, I shivered at the sound of it. I couldn't believe that he would touch me in such a manner, but his touch was so sensual.

I looked up into his face and he had the determined look of a man in control. He had a no nonsense seriousness to his mouth and a dark sultry look in his dark green eyes. "Don't say anything Bob, Just look at my face." I could feel his breath on my face. I didn't know what to think. Just then I felt fingers on my left nipple and I began to breathe heavily from the realization that this man's man was touching me so intimately.

Rock began softly pinch and rotate my nipples between his fingers. I think I let out a whimper. Then he squeezed a little harder and started pulling my nipples outward stretching the skin on my pecs. The sensation was incredible. Looking into his eyes I felt myself start to surrender to his lusty feelings. But then, Rock smiled while looking down at me and I knew this was a man who got what he wanted. I could feel my dick thickening and rising fast, pushing the towel out like a pole holding up a tent.

I needed to touch him. I needed to touch those muscular pecs. I went to reach up and Rock grabbed my hands and pushed my arms back to my sides. "I said, don't move!" I was shaking and I was confused, but, mostly I was turned on. 

Rock continued to roll my nipples between his strong fingers and abuse my pecs until they were burning and sore. I wasn't sure how much more I could take! Suddenly Rock leans down and places his lips around my right nipple and runs his beautiful tongue around and around, circling my tits with his thick tongue covering my pecs with his masculine saliva. I started to moan softly, without realizing the noise I was making. His lips felt so cool and his tongue was so soothing against my aching pecs. Then Rock began to gently suck on my nipple. I gasped again. Watching his full lips close around my pecs and feel him suck as if he were nursing on my tit. It was too much, my brain was going crazy and my dick felt ready to pop. Rock brought his face up to mine and he said, "You sound like a woman when I kiss her breasts." "Was that an insult?" I wondered, but, he said it so sincerely! Fuck, I didn't care!

Rock moved his lips to my left nipple and started to gently suck on my sore pecs. I couldn't believe the sensations that were going through my body. I never had a man treat me so tenderly, so lovingly. At that moment I gave in to the fact that perhaps I could be a woman for a stud like this. I had a real muscular, masculine straight man licking and kissing my nipples and I was moaning like a school girl. The thoughts were so confusing, but the sensations were too overpowering and my dick exploded with rope after rope of cum spraying into the towel I was still wearing. I lost it completely and was breathing hard and gasping for air. I was shaking and unsure, but I never had felt like that before. It was like this was the first explosion of my mind, my cock and my body all at once. It was like no other orgasm I had ever had in my life. Rock had given me sexual sensations that I never knew were possible. I was exhausted! I was totally spent. I was devoid of energy. This was the first time I truly was with a macho fucking stud. I felt like I was in love!

Rock stood up and looked down at me. "Did you have an orgasm?" I looked down and saw a big wet spot on my towel. I could only shake my head yes. I still wasn't recovered enough to talk to him. Rock bent down and whispered in my ear. "Now I know who the woman is." I began to cry softly. It was like he knew my deepest secrets that I hadn't even dealt with. Maybe I was a woman. I sure felt like one with him. "I understand what it's like to have sex with me," he said. "I make you feel safe. I make you feel grateful. I make you feel special and I make you feel free of inhibitions. I know you lose control and give in to the thoughts that make you thankful that you are weaker than me. I know you are glad that I take control. All the women feel the same as you do. It's who I am. It's how God made me." he said as if he believed every word he was saying. I know I believed him.

Rock started into the bathroom. "I catch you later Bob. I've got some more questions on this gay thing."

I went to my room and lay down on my bed. I wasn't sure how Rock and my relationship would be from this point on. Hell, I wasn't even sure how I was going to deal with what just went down. It was quiet in the apartment and I realized I could hear Rock beating off in the bathroom. I could hear his hand sliding back and forth around his thick dick and hear his balls slapping against his legs. My cock got hard again. Just then I hear Rock say, "Eat my cock you fucking cunt!" This was followed by a series of grunts as if he was shooting a shit load of cum. Soon after I hear the toilet flush and Rock came out of the bathroom. After Rock returned to the living room, I snuck back into the bathroom. I looked around and I saw gobs of cum on the toilet seat. It must have been some that had not made it into the toilet. I crouched down and I licked the cum off the seat like some perverted cum whore. The taste was better than I thought it would be. As I sucked the sperm into my mouth and down my throat my cock exploded again. The taste of Rock's potent load had made me cum. I went back to my room. I never felt so perverted in my life. Licking sperm off the toilet seat! I knew I would do it again if I had the opportunity. What a confusing afternoon this had been. I had a lot to think about. One thing that was clear in my mind. "I hope Rock has a long list of questions about this gay thing!"