 Several days had passed since Rock had found that I would play the female role when I was with him. Since then he had been avoiding me. This huge man had played with and abused my pecs and kissed my nipples until I came like a racehorse. Rock did this without seeming gay at all. The whole time he was making me cum he was as masculine and straight as if he was a man and I was a woman. The whole thing fucked me up mentally. I always thought of myself as masculine, even though I am gay, but like I said, he was fucking with my mind. Then for the final humiliation I went and licked his cum off the toilet seat after he beat off in the bathroom. Not just once but every time I would hear him jacking off, as soon as he would leave, I would race to the bathroom and look for that load that he left on the toilet seat. I knew I was a pervert, but I couldn't stop myself. If the only thing I could get from this big stud was his left over sperm that didn't get flushed down the toilet, then that's what I wanted. I hated myself for the way I reacted to Rock's tenderness. His huge body was intimidating to me, and yet there was something hot in his attitude. Even though I was confused in how I felt, I couldn't keep my dick from getting hard whenever I thought about what had happened.

One evening, while we were watching a movie, I finally got the courage up to ask Rock about what had transpired that day. "Rock, I wanted to talk to you about the other night." I said meekly. 

"Bob, before you say another word," he said forcefully. I proved what I had thought about who was the woman when you got together with another guy. That was all it was. Let's make it clear. I don't want a guy as a lover. I like my women because they are smaller than me, they smell great and I love their hairless and smooth bodies. Those are the things that turn me on! I was just fucking with you the other night. Don't read more to it than there was. Don't get any ideas about me and you. You got that?"

Fuck! I guess he answered all my questions. I wasn't what he was looking for. "Yes, I understand. Let's just pretend that nothing ever happened," I said.

"Good!" Rock said. "Let's watch the rest of the movie.

For the next week I moped around like a love sick girl. The only thing keeping me going was the occasional sperm treat left by Rock's beat off sessions. On Friday morning I was sitting at the kitchen table. I had just finished my breakfast when Rock came up behind me and whispered in my ear. "Are you getting the surprises I've been leaving you on the toilet seat?" I immediately froze! He had been leaving his sperm for me on purpose. He knew I was going in the bathroom and licking up his sperm after he had beaten off! I was completely humiliated! I thought that I was being discreet, but it was his idea. It was his plan. He wanted to see how far I would go. He wanted to see if I would clean his sperm from the toilet seat. My face turned red and I didn't know how to respond. "You're welcome," he said. Then he left for class. Fuck! How does he know me so well? How did he know I would be eating his sperm? Then I noticed how hard my dick was. The fact that he knew I would eat his spent sperm right off the toilet was upsetting to me, but I was so turned on that I went to the bathroom to beat off. That's when I saw the biggest load he ever left me all over the seat and spurts of his thick cum on the lid. I fell to my knees and began slurping up as much as I could get while my own dick erupted like a volcano. Fuck how I hated him! Fuck, he knew I was going to eat his latest load. Rock really knows how to push my buttons!

Later that day, I was lying in my room playing back, in my mind, the time I spent with Rock and an idea crossed my mind. What if I smelled more like a woman? What if I had less hair and made my body smooth. I wonder if Rock would notice. So I bought some lavender scented body wash and some lavender scented shampoo and hoped that it might do the trick. I also shaved my armpits, and my crotch. I shaved everything and everywhere there was hair except my head. I used lotion to make sure my skin was soft to the touch. I figured I would have a couple more of the characteristics that Rock liked in his women.

That evening Rock came home from work while I was sitting on the couch. Rock went into the kitchen and made a couple rum and cokes. He brought one back to me and bent over close to hand me the drink. Suddenly he gets a big smile on his face. "Damn, you smell good," he said in his sexiest voice. "I'm going to take a quick shower. Stay here. I'll be back in a moment." I didn't say a word. I just shook my head yes. My cock was instantly hard. Maybe my plan was working.

A couple minutes later Rock came back into the living room in a pair of sweat pants with no shirt and no socks. It looked to me like he was free balling it by the way his meat was bouncing against material of his pants as he strutted in. Rock placed a big bottle of lube on the coffee table and sat right next to me with his big arm around my shoulder. "Bob, you really do smell nice."

"Thanks, it's lavender," I said.

"Did you do like I told you to and make yourself smooth? Did you shave all over your body?"

Oh Fuck! He did it to me again. I thought it was my plan to smell nice and I thought it was my plan to make myself smooth, but it was his idea all along! Just like leaving his cum on the toilet seat. This was part of his plan. He knew that I would take the bait and try to make myself smooth and fragrant to him. My dick was so hard I thought it would pop! I was totally caught off guard and just decided to give into this game of his. "Yes, I did shave everywhere. I did it for you because you said you like your women to be hairless and smooth."

"That's right. It's the way I like them. Stand up and take off your shirt for me Bob." I stand and slowly take off my shirt. "Okay, now take off your pants slowly." I take my pants off. I'm standing there naked as Rock looks me over. He is smiling mischievously. I think he likes what I have done. Rock reaches up with his big hands and caresses my body and then moves down toward my dick. He is touching me and starts kissing my stomach. Then he reaches my dick. Rock takes a close look at my cock and balls and said, "I thought you were bigger than this. No wonder you are gay!" My mood changed instantly. He doesn't really like me as I had hoped.

I am standing hairless and naked and he humiliates me by telling me my dick is small. But, my dick stayed hard. I just stood there saying nothing losing any composure I may have had. "I'm going to see how far your little dick will shoot." I looked down and my cock was leaking pre-cum. I was so hard and so vulnerable I knew I couldn't control my cock for much longer. Just then Rock stood up behind me and pulled me back against his big warm body. He looked down over my shoulder with his he face just inches from mine I could feel the heat coming off his body. His big pecs were pushed into my back. I could feel his hard nipples poking me. I was shaking I was so close to cuming. "Rock says, here we go!" Rock reached down with his massive hand and takes his thumb and forefinger to get a hold on my dick. Shoot your little dick for me Bob. Cum for me right now. Rock slightly jiggles my dick and bam! I started cuming and shooting sperm across the room. Every spurt of cum felt incredible! This man knew exactly what he was doing. My whole body was so tense that when it was over, I hardly had the strength to stand. "Good I'm glad we got the small orgasm out of the way. I'm going to give you a couple more before we're through." Now I'm going to play with your ass for a while Bob."

This fucking straight man was going to play with my ass. I felt completely at his mercy. "Put your back on the sofa and pull your legs up and back over your head as far as you can. Hold on to your feet. I want your ass sticking up in the air." I do as he asked and now I'm on the sofa looking up with my butt in the air with my hole on display. Rock began to inspect my ass. I felt like a bitch exposing her pussy to her man. "You did a good job shaving your ass." I felt a sudden pride that I had pleased this stud man. My cock was fucking hard again. Rock knelt in front of the sofa with his face just inches from my ass and his gaze looking down through my legs at my face. Rock's deep green eyes were smoldering with lust. His face was as beautiful, masculine and as sexy as I have ever seen. My little cock started to drip more cum out of the slit landing on my chest. I couldn't believe this handsome hunk could find me attractive at all. I couldn't take my eyes off his wonderful face. Then Rock did something I never saw coming! Rock leaned forward and ran his thick tongue across my asshole and up the crack of my ass. The whole time he was looking into my eyes. My ass must of seemed like a pussy to this masculine dude. It was more than I could handle. Staring at his face my cock exploded with cum shooting all over my face and chest. I heard myself saying, "Oh God! Oh God! Jesus Fuck!" I started to thrash around but Rock held me in place. I couldn't go anywhere. It was clear he wasn't through with me yet. Rock let me calm down from that intense orgasm.

"That's orgasm number two," Rock said. "Number three is on the way!" I wasn't sure I could handle another orgasm. The first two had worn me out. I doubted that I had any cum left to shoot!

Then I feel one of his large fingers slide some lube around my ass. I gasp when I feel the cool jell lubricate my asshole. Then Rock slowly slides his finger into my ass. It feels incredible. I looked at my cock and Damn if it wasn't hard again. After he played with my ass a bit I feel finger number two enter my ass. Rock says, "We need to loosen you up."

Loosen me up. What is he going to put in there that he has to loosen me up? Then finger number three enters my ass and I begin to worry. The next thing I know two fingers from each hand are working their way into my sphincter muscle. My dick is leaking like a faucet. Rock begins pulling my ass apart, stretching the hole. Spreading my hole to accommodate the big dick that he is going to shove into me. I feel more lube being applied. Rock says, "Relax you ass. Let your muscles go. I need your hole wider to take me." That is when two more fingers slide into my ass and my dick begins leaking my third load of cum. Having six fingers in my ass was more than I could fathom. 

I said, "Rock, I am having trouble holding back."

"Don't cum yet Bob. Hold on! Are you ready for my dick?"

"I am so ready for your dick. I want you to fuck the hell out of me, fill me full of cum. Let me lick the sperm from your dick! Please fuck me!"

Rock drops his sweat pants and I finally get a look at that dick that I have been fantasizing over. It was one of those coke can dicks. It was really thick with a nice tight helmet head. It was already leaking pre-cum. The shaft was covered in all these thick veins. I wasn't sure I could take it. "I don't think I can take your dick in my ass."

"Don't worry Bob, that's why I spent so much time stretching your hole. It will be a tight fit, but, you are going to cum like you have been saving it for a month!"

I watched while Rock covered his cock with lube. Then he smeared more lube into my whole. "This is my favorite position Bob. With your ass up in the air and your legs pulled so far back, you can watch my cock disappear into your ass." Rock began feeding his cock in my waiting hole. It was painful as he pushed the head in. Once he got that far Rock was able to leverage his weight and force more of his dick into me. I was crying out in pain and Rock pulled out his cock. Then all the sudden I felt empty. I wanted it back. "You know when I pull my cock out of your ass, your hole is so stretched that it stays open. I can see right into your ass." He put two fingers into my ass. See I got two fingers in you and you can't even feel them. We're getting your ass stretched. This time it won't hurt so much. I was humiliated that I could take such a big dick into my ass. That Rock could actually see into my ass. I was completely vulnerable.

Rock began to feed his cock into my hole again and he was right. It was easier this time. Rock began leveraging his weight and his thick meat slid in farther. Each time it started to hurt he would stop and wait until the pain was bearable, and then he would push farther. "I'm going to be sure I can get my whole dick in you so that I can fuck you good." When the last inch of his thick cock went into my ass, he pulled the whole thing out. I felt like he pulled my insides out. I felt hollow. I felt like I wanted it back in me.

"Bob, I'm leaving it up to you. Do you want me to wear a condom or do you want my cum inside you?" It took me only a second to answer him.

"Fill me with your sperm. Fuck me hard. Put your big cock in me now." Rock lubed up his cock and aimed it at my gaping hole. I felt the head slide in and then I felt his weight shift and the rest of his cock filled up my inside. Rock fucked me slowly to get me used to his massive meat. I could feel every vein, every inch of his cock going in and out of my man pussy. It wasn't long before he began fucking me like he meant it. From my position I was watching his massive cock going in and out of my now huge hole. I watched as the veins began to get thicker and I could feel his cock getting thicker as well. My cock was leaking so much cum I wasn't sure I would have enough left for the climax. Just then Rock starts shaking and I can tell he is ready to shoot. "I'm going to cum." He yelled. But don't you come yet. There is more. Then I feel Rock rip his cock out of my hole and he points his dick at my gaping asshole. Rope after rope of cum erupts from his cock and it lands in the cave created by Rock's big dick. 

Rock's sperm feels hot and masculine on my insides. I could feel his sperm sliding down my ass tunnel, as if I was gobbling up as much of Rock's sperm as I could get. When Rock had shot 6 or seven hot spurts of cum he said. "Okay, now cum!" Then he rams his fat dick back into my sore ass again. I can feel the head of his big dick pushing all the cum that he shot inside me down deep into my hole. I could feel Rock's cock throb as he emptied more sperm in me. My fucking cock erupted cum like water out of a fire hose. It landed in my hair and on my face. I was drenched in my own cum. I was trying to catch my breath. I was trying to figure out where I was. My eyes had rolled back into my head and I think I left my body for a second. I was gasping for air. I was pushing against Rock like I wanted him out of my hole, but I didn't. I wanted his cock in me forever! Rock held on tight. I finally began to calm down.

Rock left his dick in my hole while he deflated slightly. When he finally pulled out I could tell my hole was still stretched open. I was wondering when it would finally close. I wiped my face with a towel and I leaned up to give Rock a kiss and he pulled away from me. "Whoa! What are you doing?" "I can't kiss you. I'm not gay. You are gay. I am not. Besides, you aren't pretty enough to kiss." Rock stood up. "I'm going to take a shower. Clean this place up?" I had a feeling Rock was ordering me to clean up this place to put me in my place. I did clean up and put everything away and made sure there weren't any cum trails on the table or chairs. My butt was sore, but it was a good sore. It would remind me of what had happened here tonight. There were plenty of experiences to file away in my spank bank.

So I'm not pretty enough to kiss. Maybe I can fix that!