 Whew. Sorry I took so long. So I took advice from all your comments and I hope you like this chapter. I know I loved writing it :D. So, as usual, I really need your thoughts, so drop them in the comments section. Even if they're negative. Especially if they're negative. And don't forget to rate too. Love you guys. Enjoy.

*****

Ryen hated being among people. He didn't know why. Maybe it had something to do with being raised as a Sidhe prince. It always felt like there was someone out there trying to kill him. To be honest there was almost always someone out there trying to kill him. But what the hell? Royalty had its flaws. Understatement of the year.

He stayed away from the Sidhe capital, the Citadel, unless he was urgently needed. Now there, there was a place where people were really trying to kill him, every single day. He wondered how his mother coped. Maybe that was why she was like that. Or maybe she coped because she was like that. Oh what the hell? He really didn't have strength to debate his mother's psychology.

He glared at the guards in front of him. None of them were Sidhe, of course. Sidhe didn't trust themselves. They were the worst of the Fae, and the worst part was, they were actually proud of it. The other species generally were nervous around the Sidhe. Ryen didn't blame them. He was generally nervous around the Sidhe too.

"What the fuck do you want?" He snapped at them.

He'd woken up in the morning, only to discover that his "bodyguard" was missing. Ryen didn't even have the strength to search for him. He didn't have the strength to do anything. His mother's visit was making him strangely lethargic. Ugh! Right. Then after his disastrous breakfast with his mother, which had ended in her inevitably kicking him out - Ryen wondered why she'd bothered to invite him - he'd gone to chop his beautiful hair off. Fine. He hadn't chopped it all off. The ponytail was gone though. He'd cut the sides really low and the centre was just high enough to be messy. Oh yeah, his mother was going to hate this haircut. He found himself wondering whether Jason would like it. Jason. One night and he was already factoring him into his plans. He had it bad. He had it real bad.

So now he stared at the men standing so stiffly in front of him, and looking like they'd rather be anywhere else. Ryen decided that he'd also like for them to be anywhere else but near him. On the other hand, since he was practising his aim with arrows and knives, he could also kill one of them and pretend it was a mistake. The idea was tempting. So tempting in fact, that he twirled the knife in his hand while he gave them the cold stare.

"Your mother assigned us to you," one of them finally spoke up.

"What? I'm supposed to fuck you?"

Ryen didn't miss the look of fear that suddenly crossed their faces. Oh yeah, it was known. Josefina's son preferred men.

"No, your highness..."

"Do I look high to you?"

The guards blinked at him in confusion. Ryen had always had problems with that title. It was supposed to be used to address junkies, not royalty. Your highness. Yes, you are so very high, my prince.

"She has assigned us to be your security detail."

Oh hell no. Who were these people? Security detail? Was Josefina serious? Security detail was more like Mages and Shifters. These people looked scared out of their minds. What had they been guarding before? The fridge? She must've been toying with him.

Ryen stopped twirling the knife and gave them a sinister smile.

"I already have a bodyguard," he informed them.

He could see them peering around, like maybe said bodyguard was invisible. Maybe he was. After all, Ryen didn't know what species he was. That thing with the black eyes. Ryen was fairly certain he'd heard of it before. He just couldn't put his finger on it. However, for effect, he looked around too. The guards frowned.

"She insisted, your highness..."

"She insisted, your highness," Ryen repeated mockingly. "You ever been to the Citadel?" He said suddenly.

They shook their heads, showing their surprise in the sudden change in his line of questioning. He turned around and looked at them. Really looked at them. Where exactly had they come from? He'd left all the security business to Kovan. To be honest, he'd left everything to Kovan, but he wasn't complaining, was he? Anyway he was fairly certain that Kovan wouldn't have hired these goons. Jeez. And they most certainly did not look like Josefina's security. No. They were practically cowering under his gaze.

"Who did you say sent you again?"

They looked confused. "Your highness, the queen."

"Yeah? How about I nail you to the target board and you start talking?"

Again, that surprised them. There were seven of them, each of them dressed identically in all-black. Their weapons looked modern enough, guns at hip holsters and rifles slung over their shoulders. The only problem was their attitude. He frowned. Human. They were probably human.

He spun around and threw the knife at the closest board. He didn't even smile when it hit bullseye. What the hell were humans doing on Sidhe property?

"Your highness?" One of them, the one who'd been talking and who appeared to be their leader asked.

"Are you licensed to be here?" He asked.

"Yes."

"Are you private or government employed?"

"Government..."

"Shit!"

The leader stopped talking at his outburst, then cleared his throat and said, "The name's Mac," for lack of any other thing to say. 

He didn't offer his hand. All good. Ryen would've broken it. Hell, it wasn't even out and Ryen still wanted to break it. He was that pissed.

Of course, it followed that the human government were keeping tabs on the Sidhe queen. He knew they didn't like her presence in their realm. They didn't like his either, but he stayed out of trouble and lived in a remote place, far away from civilians so they tolerated him. They must've sent a welcoming party for her, and offered their security. Not an offer she could refuse, so instead, she sent them to Ryen. Not an order they could refuse. Right. She was dumping her excess cargo on him. Humans. Christ, what was the government thinking? This place was crawling with different species so they were in danger from more than the Sidhe. If things went south, they would be the first to die. Josefina couldn't care less. But she knew she had to look good. So she'd dumped them on him, because she knew he'd care.

"Hello Mac. Nice to meet you. Do you know exactly what you're doing here?"

"I represent the American government."

"Yeah, I know. You're human."

The guy seemed suddenly uncomfortable with being called a human.

"It's alright. You're human. There's nothing wrong with being human," Ryen told him in a falsely comforting tone. He stretched his hand out and the knife came hurtling towards him. He caught it, hilt first.

Mac glared at him. "You ought to be careful with that knife," he scowled.

Ryen smirked. "What? This? It's paper."

He threw the knife again, and this time he smiled when it lodged in the same spot. He stuck his left hand out for a handshake. His dominant hand was his left hand, and he knew it unnerved a lot of people. For one, it meant their grip was never as strong as his.

"I'm Aryend," he drawled.

Mac looked at the hand like it was a snake ready to bite, then swallowed and took it.

Ryen felt the wards around him instantly. A lot of them were anti-enchantment. Uh huh. The government wasn't that stupid after all. There were weak points though. They may not be noticeable to an ordinary being but he was a Sidhe prince. Hell, he wasn't just a Sidhe prince, he was the Enchanter. He could make and unmake almost every enchantment. These ones were strong, but he could still break them. Besides, any serious Mage would know how to counter the wards. Nuh uh. He couldn't have the leader of his security detail walking around with holes in his wards.

He whispered under his breath and sealed the weak points on Mac. The air crackled with electricity. Mac pulled his hand back and pressed a knife against Ryen's throat, his eyes wide with fear. It burned his skin. Oh yeah, these people were prepared, alright. Ryen could bet his ass that the knife was no ordinary knife. Probably Khanish.

"Down boy," Ryen drawled over the pain. He wasn't sure he'd be able to keep his cool if Mac didn't remove the knife instantly.

"What did you do?

"Tightened your wards. Thought you might say thank you. But this, well, it's even better. I like it rough."

Mac withdrew his knife without apology and sheathed it at his waist.

"Thanks. Next time give me a heads up though. For a second there I thought you were undoing them."

"Next time you draw a weapon on me, the wards will be the least of your problems. I'll break your bones from the inside, then make you bleed out as your muscles tear themselves up. Just so we understand each other."

Mac nodded.

Ryen touched his neck where the knife had been, then traced the tattoo subconsciously. In his muscle shirt, the entire length was visible.

"Stay out of sight. Don't make it obvious that you're supposed to be guarding me. And besides, I meant what I said about my bodyguard. He doesn't like sharing."

He called the knife back and handed it to Mac. "This is pure Sidhe iron. Consider it a souvenir if you make it out alive."

He patted Mac's shoulder and turned and walked away. He didn't feel like target practice anymore. Aw hell, this lethargy thing was annoying. Pretty soon he wouldn't even feel like having sex again. He'd just lie on the bed and complain about his mother. Then slowly he'd start turning into her. He shivered at the thought. No way. He'd rather die than become like his mother. Now where the hell was that damned bodyguard?

***

Jason was just beginning to realise what he'd gotten himself into. It had seemed so easy at the pool. Infiltrate and take the queen out. Right. Just infiltrate the tighest security and take out the Sidhe queen. There must've been something wrong with him. Oh it seemed so funny now. He didn't even have a clue of what was going on. And how long before somebody figured out who and what he was? Not long, at all. He should probably just find a nice quiet spot and write his will, and leave everything to his seven year old son.

Oh God, Danny.

Oh hell.

He was supposed to pick him up this morning, but he couldn't see himself making it out the front gate alive. Damn. What was he supposed to do now?

He looked around the hallway.

Since morning he'd been slinking around and trying to avoid Ryen. How had last night happened? How had he let last night happen? The Sidhe made him lose control. God. He couldn't be sleeping with the son of his target. It wasn't done. Even if Ryen made him feel so damn good.

He shook his head. Don't get ahead of yourself, Jason, it was just a one night stand, he told himself. But that thought actually disappointed him, so he pushed it and all thoughts of Ryen away.

He was wearing the same clothes he'd worn yesterday when he'd dropped by for a quick recon. Quick recon, my ass, he thought again. His weapons were the same simple knives and guns, except for the two scmitars at his back. They'd been an afterthought before the recon. He hadn't thought he'd need them. Funny. They were black Khanish blades - the rarest and most feared weapons. Khanish blades could cut almost anything. Almost. The rest of his weapons were at home, including a necklace he'd acquired on one of his jobs. It was the ultimate guard against enchantments. No enchantment would work against the wearer. Jason knew enough about Sidhe enchantments. They were famous or, more accurately, infamous.

Jason tried to remove his mind from his disadvantages and think about his advantages instead. So far, there was only the fact that he hadn't been caught yet. He couldn't rely on that one for much longer. But the truth was, he didn't know what else to do. Sure, he'd only been here for barely a day but he shouldn't have been here at all. He shouldn't have been caught in the middle of a recon either. What a fucking dumb excuse he'd given Ryen. Sooner or later he was bound to do a background check on Jason and voila, the ugly truth would surface.

Forget that, Jason, think. Do something. The longer you feel sorry for yourself, the greater your chances of getting caught. And then there was Danny. Jason gritted his teeth in helpless frustration. Whether or not he survived this job, it would be his last. Yeah, that's what he'd thought the last time too.

There were a few guards in the hallway and some of them were beginning to watch him suspiciously. He had to move now. He squared his shoulders and started walking towards the front door. He could do with some fresh air. He also needed to see if his phone would get some reception. All the magic and enchantments in the house were mucking up the cell phone reception. Hell, there was probably even a ward that prevented cell phone reception.

The guard closest to the door stepped in front of it and held out a hand, traffic cop style.

"Identify yourself," he snarled.

Sure, the name's Hawke. I'm an assassin. The Sidhe queen is my current target. You have about five seconds to get the fuck out of my sight before I blow my cover and blow your brains out.

"I work for prince Ryen," Jason said instead, but his hand was already on the gun at his hip holster.

The guard gave him a sinister smile. "Prove it."

Oh hell. Jason did not have time for this. But come to think of it, it was a reasonable request. How come he didn't have any proof that he was actually working for prince Ryen? Because he was too busy fucking the prince Ryen, that's why. Too busy to remember what he came to do in the first place. Ugh!

He looked around, surveying the scene. Many of the guards, like him, had their hands casually on their weapons. They looked tense and alert. And at the same time, eager. They probably wanted to see some action. Jason did not have any action to show. He was outnumbered and outgunned. He couldn't take them on without blowing his cover. And that very cover was already on the fringe of collapsing. He took a deep breath before he replied.

"I'm the fucking prince's bodyguard. You really want him to come in here and find that you're delaying me?"

The guard smirked. "I don't believe that for one second. Put your hands up, now."

Uh oh. Fuck. At least he'd tried. Bye bye cover. Jason drew his gun and pointed it at the guard in one fluid motion, narrowing his eyes.

"I've got somewhere to be, mutt," he snarled.

The guard's face clouded with fury and his eyes flashed amber. Jason's assumption had been correct. He was a wolf Shifter. Jason had met his kind before, and killed them. Every other gun in the hallway was trained on Jason and some of the guards were shouting for him to put the gun down. He had eyes only for the guard in front of him. The wolf in him had been challenged, and would not be at peace until the challenger had been destroyed.

"Lower your weapons, this one's mine," the guard instructed.

"But Bruce. . ."

"Lower your fucking weapons!"

The guards all did so grudgingly and the guard - Bruce - spat on the floor.

"I'm gonna rip you to shreds'" He promised.

Jason said nothing. He kept the gun pointed at Bruce though. He didn't want to shoot him until he had to. He didn't want to explain to Ryen why he'd killed a bunch of guards, even if they had needed killing.

"You called me a fucking mutt, you son of a bitch!" Bruce continued, running at him.

Jason pulled the trigger and the front door opened. The Shifter moved to the side just in time for the bullet to hit the person coming in full in the chest. Kovan dropped to the ground.

The silence was deafening. Jason lowered his gun and wondered whether he should put it in his mouth instead. Or maybe start running. He wouldn't get far but it was better than standing there and hoping the Sidhe was forgiving. Kovan had probably been wearing body armour. He had to have been. But if he wasn't, shit. Even Bruce looked uncertain. If Kovan didn't get up in a few seconds, the entire hallway would be empty in a matter of seconds. No one wanted to be at the scene of the murder of Sidhe royalty. Even the scene of an attempted murder.

"Who shot me?" Kovan slurred from the ground.

Jason released a breath he hadn't even known he was holding.

"I did. It was an accident," Jason confessed.

Kovan was up and had him backed against the wall with a hand on his throat in a second, lifting him and choking him. Uh oh. So much for honesty being the best policy.

"Accident huh? Where's your employer?" Kovan teased, putting emphasis on the 'employer'.

Bruce took a step back.

"Don't you fucking move, Hayle. I wanna know why he wanted to shoot you. And you're going to tell me."

"He was unprovoked. . ."

"Jesus! You wanted to kill me," Jason managed and Kovan leaned back, dropping him.

"You're spitting in my face," he complained.

"Then move. I've got work to do for Ryen."

To Jason's surprise, Kovan laughed and stepped back. Talk about unpredictable. Or maybe the word was erratic.

"You're alright, I suppose. You don't have any work to do for Ryen. He's been looking everywhere for you. Well, he was looking everywhere for you. Now he's just basking in the sun. Did you drug him?"

The sudden change in subject took Jason by surprise. When had they stopped talking about the fact that Jason had shot him?

"Were you wearing body armour?" He countered.

"No. And now I've got lead in me, hurray," Kovan muttered, sarcasm lacing his tone. Then he turned to Bruce, who was still edging towards the door.

"Why'd you want to attack him, Hayle? Don't bother lying. You know I can tell."

Christ. Kovan was a walking lie detector? Shit. He had to stay away from him. What if he ever asked him what he was doing here? He would know he was lying instantly. Fuck. Or maybe he was just bluffing. From the look of Bruce's face though, that wasn't likely.

"He claimed he worked for the prince. He had no proof and he refused to surrender."

True enough.

"He works for Ryen, means he works for me. Means you respect him. Control your fucking temper around here, will you?"

"Does that mean I shouldn't ask for identification anymore?" Bruce snapped.

"Are you fucking questioning me?"

"Listen, tough guy, you may feel all high and mighty, but you're no royalty, no matter what you tell yourself. You're just related to royalty. I refuse to grovel at your feet. You and I, we're on the same level. Only difference is, you're Sidhe and I'm a Shifter. Even sounds the same. I'll take my orders from the royalty and only from the royalty only. I bet the queen won't like to know you're running around pulling weight," Bruce snarled.

The other guards were stunned, and so was Jason. God, was the guy serious? Could he really talk to Kovan like that and get away with it? Kovan was Ryen's cousin, so he was definitely royalty. Was the guy high on something? Jason wanted to know what it was so he could avoid it in the future.

Kovan smirked. A very slow, very deliberate smirk that unnerved everyone in the room.

"Yeah. I suppose she won't. Why don't you go tell her?"

Bruce stared at him.

"Oh, I know why. Because you're scared. Because I'm the only one in this fucking house who's not scared of her."

Bruce took a step back and he appeared to be reconsidering his words, but Kovan didn't give him a chance. He cocked his head to one side, and Bruce's head did a 360 degree turn, then fell off. Someone threw up.

"Next person that talks to me like that doesn't get let off so easy. If any of you felt any shred of loyalty for him, just walk away now. Otherwise move his body and go station yourself somewhere else. I'll send a new set of guards. Jason, Ryen's by the pool. If he asks for me, tell him I'm fucking busy." With that, Kovan stalked away and further into the house. The guards all stood quietly for a second, then shrugged and headed for the body. Jason forced his legs to move. Kovan was one scary motherfucker. He'd have to watch his back around him. And what was that about "He works for Ryen, means he works for me"? Jason didn't even want to begin contemplating that statement. He pushed it from his mind.
