 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

I sat in my parents' living room, waiting for Dad to finish getting ready for dinner at the Fountain Rock. On the way home, Dad said it was a date. I couldn't stop my head from spinning. All of this seemed to be a bit too easy. Or, was I over thinking things? Just last night, Dad and I had sex for the first time. This morning, he had misgivings about our sexual discovery of each other. But, then he gave in to his apparent sexual desire for me a short time later, before we left for the gym. Now, we were set to go on a date. Why was this happening so easily? Was it really happening so easily? I knew that I still had a ball of conflicting feelings growing ever larger inside me. The only thing I didn't know was what Dad was feeling about how our relationship had changed in just 24 hours. What did he want our relationship to be like going forward? What about his marriage to my mother? I didn't know what to think or feel. All I knew is that I was going out to the nicest restaurant in our town with my father and I'd be damned if I was going to let all of my worries ruin the evening for me.

When we got home from the gym, we stood in the foyer. Dad turned to put his windbreaker in the hall closet. As he was doing that, I walked up to him, wrapped my arms around him and started rubbing his chest through his t-shirt I kissed the back of his neck lightly and nuzzled my nose in his salt & pepper hair. Dad threw his head back onto my shoulder, took a sharp breath of air and moaned slightly. "Oh Son...that feels so good!"

"Yeah, stud?" I replied. "I wanted to do this to you when I passed you on the way out of the locker room. You looked so damn good, standing there bare-ass naked." I kissed and licked my way up his neck to his right cheek.

"It's a good thing you were able to restrain yourself. I don't think any of the other guys who were in the locker room at the time would've taken too kindly to two men making out right in front of their very eyes. Forget the fact that we're father and son."

"I don't know, Dad." I said in between kisses on the side of his neck, while tweaking his left nipple through his t-shirt. "I'd be willing to bet that each of those guys would've started jacking their dicks and more than a few would've joined in the fun."

Dad sighed, obviously getting pleasure from the ministrations my tongue, mouth, and hands were performing on his body. "I doubt it, Baby. The clientele of that gym is very heavily suburban married men...not the sort that would be into guy on guy action." My mind immediately flashed back to my encounter in the men's sauna with Mike. I vividly remembered licking the nipples on his hairy chest, kneeling on the sauna floor while sucking his cock, and sharing a passionate kiss with him at the conclusion of our fun...and he was sporting a wedding ring. If Dad only knew the type of clientele his gym REALLY had.

"Oh you mean married men like you?" I said in a jesting tone with a smirk on my face. I immediately felt Dad's posture tense and his head came off of my shoulder. Instantly, I knew I'd said the wrong thing.

"We'd better stop."

"Dad, I'm..."

He interrupted me before I could say any more. "Our reservation is in an hour and a half. If we don't start getting ready now, we'll miss it. You'd better head upstairs and jump in the shower."

"All right, Dad." I started toward the stairs and turned back to look at him. He was pulling his phone out of the pocket of his windbreaker and already starting to dial.

As I continued up the stairs, I heard him begin to talk, obviously leaving a voice mail message for someone. "Linda, it's Tim. I was hoping to get you on the phone. I just...I...I just wanted to tell you that I miss you. I can't wait for you to get home. We...we need to talk...about us...about our marriage." I heard him end the call and then mutter "Damn voice mail."

If I didn't know how Dad was feeling about him and me before, I certainly had an idea now that he was trying to reach my mother in Seattle. Truthfully, I felt a little bit of a knot in my stomach. What did this mean for my father and I?

That brings us back to the present. I heard the shower still running upstairs as I sat in the living room wearing a nice button-up shirt and khaki pants. Piercing the silence and my own thoughts was the ringing of my cell phone. Grabbing it off of the coffee table, I saw that it was Rob, a friend and ex co-worker of mine. He had left the company we had both worked for to go work for the competition a couple months before I was laid off. I figured I still had a few minutes for a quick chat with Rob before Dad was done getting cleaned-up, so I answered the call.

"Rob! Long time, no talk!"

"Hey there, Harry! How are things? I heard you left the city after things went south on the job."

"Yeah. It's true. I couldn't find work, so I decided to come back home for an extended visit with my family before resuming the job search. Other than that, everything's great. How are things with Jentech? I hear business is better than ever."

"It's the truth. They're expanding in a lot of ways. In fact, the expansion is creating tons of new jobs. Actually, that's why I'm calling."

"Oh?"

"It just so happens that Jentech is in need of two new Project Managers for their Research & Development section." The position I had been laid off from. "I told the supervisor of the R&D section that I happen to know an excellent Project Manager who is in the market for a challenging new position." A new job! My heart skipped a beat. Was this really happening? I didn't want to get ahead of myself, though.

"Rob, are you sure this is all legit and above board? I don't want to interview, get the job, accept the position, and relocate back to the city...only to be told a few months later that the job was actually only short-term and they won't need my services any longer."

"Harry, I'm telling you. This isn't a short-term position. This is a permanent job with advancement potential. We're friends, right? And you know how highly I thought of you when we worked together. I wouldn't have even bothered calling you about this if I had any hint that the job isn't going to be permanent."

"No, you're right, Rob. I'm sorry. I guess being out of work for these few months has made me a little gun-shy about getting optimistic."

"Totally understandable, buddy. So, can I tell the R&D supervisor that you're on your way for an interview?" I wanted to say "yes!" before he even finished the sentence. But then I thought of Dad...and what might happen to our newfound relationship if I had to pick-up and move back to the city. He most certainly would want to stay here, especially if he and my mother got their marriage back on track. I think my silence must've told Rob that I was having some misgivings about the whole thing. "Harry, why are you even hesitating here? You don't have a new job already, do you?"

"No. No, of course not. Are you kidding? This job would be the perfect opportunity for me, but..."

Rob obviously didn't hear me say "but," because he immediately started talking. "Great! I'll call the supervisor and tell him you'll be here tomorrow afternoon to interview. Can't wait to see you, bud!" He ended the call before I had a chance to say anything else. Great! Now what was I going to do?

Taking things in a vacuum, this job really WAS the perfect opportunity for me. I needed the work and the money desperately. But I could hardly take the situation in a vacuum, could I? What would Dad say? Shit...I didn't even know what Dad thought about our sexual relationship. For all I know, he'd wish me well on the interview and help me pack my bags if I got the job. I decided that I wouldn't tell him about the interview. I don't know how I planned to pull it off, but I was going to leave early tomorrow morning to drive back to the city...then drive back home. If I got the job, then I'd worry about how to break it to Dad. Right now, I just wanted to enjoy the evening with my father...my lover. Suddenly, his voice snapped me out of my thoughts. I looked up to see Dad standing in front of me, waving his hand in front of my face.

"I'm sorry. What?"

He smiled at me. "I asked if you were ready to go. Geez, Son. You seemed a million miles away. Is everything okay?"

"Oh...yeah. Everything's great. I'm getting ready to go out to dinner with the sexiest man I know. And afterwards, I get to come back home and have him all to myself. How could I be anything BUT great?" I got up off of the couch, walked up to him, and slipped my hands around his waist, facing him.

"Good." He looked into my eyes, then leaned down and planted a soft, sweet kiss on my lips. After just a few seconds, we broke the kiss and then headed out the front door on our way to our dinner date at the Fountain Rock.

We arrived at the restaurant within a few minutes of our reservation time and the maitre'd escorted us to our table in a quiet corner of the place. Because of the decor, we ended up dining in candlelight, which made the whole experience that much more romantic. After seating us and giving us menus, the maitre'd gave us a slight smirk and said, "You gentlemen enjoy your meal," and then touched our shoulders before walking away.

"Dad, did you see the way he looked at us?"

"No. What's the matter?"

"He smirked at us after he gave us our menus. And then giving us that little touch on our shoulders..."

"I'm sure he was just trying to make us feel welcome here, Son. What does it matter if he smirked at us or not?" I don't know why it DID matter to me. I decided to make a little joke out of the whole situation.

"He was probably just jealous because I bagged myself one damn fine 'Grade A' stud as a date."

Now it was Dad's turn to be funny. He glanced around the restaurant, and then looked back at me with a mock clueless look on his face. "Who?"

"Oh please, Dad. You know you're a total hottie."

"Son, you're too kind. I'll show you just where flattery will get you when we get home later."

I pretended to motion for the maitre'd over Dad's shoulder, "Check, please!" We both laughed and I felt some of the tension I'd been feeling because of everything on my mind start to melt away.

Our waiter came over to take our drink orders and then filled our glasses with a sweet red wine. Dad took a sip from his glass, looked at me, and smiled. "I know I said this earlier, but I'm really glad you decided to come along to the gym with me today. I could tell Jim was really glad to see you."

"Of course, Dad. Jim and Audrey were like second parents to me. And I still think of Jim fondly. He's a good guy. I'm really glad I got a chance to see him too. It also felt good to work out a little bit."

"I'll bet it did." This time it was Dad's turn to smirk at me.

"What's that devilish look on your face supposed to mean?" I said, grinning at him.

"You know what I'm talking about. I saw you spent the whole time working out with that guy."

"Oh. Jealous, are we?" Part of me kind of wished he would answer the question with a yes.

Instead, he just gave me a mock disapproving tilted-head glance and said,

"Son..."

"Okay... His name's Rick. He's a trainer at the gym. He was in between personal training sessions and offered to work with me for free. He gave me some really good pointers."

Dad smirked at me again. "I'll bet he did. And I'm sure one of the pointers he wants to give you is below his waist. I noticed how he was looking at you."

Before I could respond, our waiter came back to take our food orders. After we finished, it didn't seem like the right time to pick up that part of the conversation. Since Dad seemed to get some pleasure out of making me squirm about Rick, I decided to shine the light in his eyes about Jim.

"All right, Mr. Smirky. Let's see how you like being grilled about guys looking at you." I said, grinning at him.

"I'm sure I don't know what you're talking about."

"I KNOW you don't know what I'm talking about. But I'm about to tell you. You DO know that Jim has the hots for you, right?" The look on Dad's face was priceless. He looked sort of like a deer caught in the headlights of an oncoming car, his eyes wide and his mouth hanging open slightly. Some of the color even looked like it was draining from your face.

"Son, what are you talking about? Jim doesn't feel that way about me. He and I have been friends for more years than I care to remember. He's been a married man. He and Audrey and your mother and I were all friends. No... If Jim felt that way about me, I'd be the first to know about it."

"Dad, I saw the two of you together earlier today at the gym. More than once I saw him practically drooling over you. A couple times, I looked over at him spotting you while you were lifting weights and he was staring so hard at your ass, I thought he was going to burn a hole in it."

The look on Dad's face changed to what I could only describe at annoyance. What I didn't know is if Dad was annoyed because he thought I was making false accusations about Jim, or if he was annoyed because he already suspects Jim is infatuated with him and didn't want me pestering him about it. "Son, I think you're way off-base about Jim. Just because you're gay, it doesn't mean everyone else is."

"Relax, Dad. I don't mean for you to take this conversation so personally. I just wanted to tease you like you were teasing me about Rick. But it doesn't change the fact that Jim IS hot for you." I was going to counteract Dad's 'Jim can't be gay, because he was married' argument by pointing out Dad's own foray into gay sex. But after his reaction earlier today when I said something to the same effect, I decided to leave it unsaid. "It doesn't mean your friendship with him has to change. You two have been friends for this long without him coming on to you."

"Of course not. Jim's a friend. Nothing would change between us. And nothing WILL change between us, because he doesn't feel about me that way. Now, I wish you'd let the subject drop." Just then, the waiter brought us our food and then left us to enjoy it.

I realized that I was touching a nerve with Dad for some reason, so I decided that I'd let it go after making one last point. "Okay, Dad. We'll stop talking about this after I say one last thing. Let's take the fact that this is Jim we're talking about out of the equation. If someone told you about a man who is constantly spending time with many different men and then you were told that he was caught ogling men at the gym. Plus, you found out that he hadn't dated women since his wife died two years ago, what would you think?"

"I would think he wasn't ready to move on after the death of his wife, that he was making new friends, and that he was working on enhancing his body and admiring guys who had the build that he wanted to achieve with his body." I grinned at Dad and chuckled. "What?"

"Dad, I love you, but you are SO full of shit. You know very well that wouldn't be your first assumption."

"Okay. Maybe you're right. But this is Jim we're talking about. The two of us are like brothers. I know him better than anyone else. You're not right about this, Son."

"Okay, Dad." I knew I was right about Jim. But this evening was supposed to be about Dad and me. I didn't want this conversation to ruin it, so I decided to let the subject drop. Throughout the rest of the evening, Dad and I slipped into easy and light conversation. I made sure to avoid any mention of the job offer. I also had to resist the urge a couple times to bring up the questions that had been racing through my mind for the past day. After sharing a dessert, we were ready to go home. After Dad signed the receipt, he looked up at me.

"Son, is everything all right?"

"Yeah. Everything's perfect. It's been a wonderful evening. I'm just thinking of what the rest of our evening is going to be like...and looking forward to it VERY much."

"Why don't we get out of here so I can get you home and get you to bed?"

"I didn't know you were so anxious to get to sleep," I jested as the two of us got up from the table. Dad raised his eyebrows mischievously.

"Oh, there won't be any sleep...at least not for a few hours." I noticed a pronounced bulge in the front of Dad's slacks. As we walked toward the front of the restaurant, he carried his coat, folded over his arm, in front of his pants to hide it. At the door, Dad began to put his coat on when the maitre'd saw us.

"I trust you gentlemen enjoyed your dinner..." I followed his eyes as they traveled downward and settled on Dad's obscene bulge.

"Oh yes. Everything was wonderful," I said.

"Yes. And now we can't wait to get back home and work off all of this decadent food we've eaten!" I don't think Dad meant to make that sound as sexual as it came across, but I certainly felt my eyes widen as he said it. And I noticed the maitre'd glance down at the bulge in Dad's pants again.

"Well, I certainly hope the both of you have fun doing that." He grinned at us and appeared as if he wanted to say more, but more customers entered and he had to attend to them.

"Did you enjoy dinner tonight, Harry?" Dad asked me as we were driving home.

"Every moment of it. But truthfully, I'm more looking forward to what will happen when we get back home." Dad smiled.

"I am too, Son. I am too..."

"Really?" I asked, playfully.

"Oh yes."

"You are?" I asked, continuing my playful banter with him.

"Most definitely, Son."

"I'm not sure I believe you. I think I'm going to need some proof." Before Dad could say anything more, I reached over and stuck my hands between his legs, feeling his cock hard in his pants, and began massaging his crotch. That elicited a gasp from him.

"Oh fuck, Harry! Oh wow!"

"You like, Dad?"

"Shit yeah! But you've got to stop. I can't concentrate enough to drive with your hand on my dick like that. I might crash the car!" I removed my hand and heard Dad's breathing begin to return to normal. Dad's right hand was resting on his thigh, so I reached over and grabbed it. I pulled it toward my own crotch and placed it on the outline of my hard cock. His hand grasped my bulge and started playing with it. "Mmmm... You're so hard, Son."

"Yeah. Whenever you're around, stud, I have a permanent hard-on." Dad turned and smiled at me, then turned his attention back to the road. Within a few minutes, we pulled into the driveway of the house. Luckily, it was after dark and none of the neighbors were outside. I can't imagine what sort of gossip might have come out of seeing Tim Morris and his son going into the house with big bulges in the crotches of their pants!

Once we were inside with the front door shut, it was almost as if someone flipped a switch. We stopped being father and son. We were Tim and Harry...two men so hot for each other that we couldn't even wait until we reached the bedroom. We began kissing each other hungrily, our tongues seeking each other's mouth out. Dad slipped his arm around my waist and pulled my body to his as we kissed. We began grinding our crotches together, feeling our hard cocks press against each other through the fabric of our pants. My hands found Dad's chest and began massaging his muscular pecs through his dress shirt. I began working the buttons of his shirt. I needed my father naked...and I didn't want to wait until we were in the bedroom. As I unbuttoned his shirt buttons, Dad pulled it out of his pants. Once I had pushed the shirt from his shoulders onto the foyer floor, Dad stood in front of me, his hairy, muscular chest in full view.

"Damn, you are one sexy man." I leaned in and kissed Dad on the mouth again, but didn't linger there. I worked my way down the side of his neck, eliciting moans of pleasure, which only continued as I kissed and licked my way down his chest and across his pecs. I made my way to his right nipple...kissing, licking, and gently nibbling on it.
