 Vic answered the door in his usual tight jeans and baggy t-shirt, his black hair a little longer and more unruly than he typically liked it. He was a little soft around the middle, but his height made it blend in to give him a powerful figure. "Hey. C'mon in," he said, gesturing as he stepped aside to allow Tim into the apartment. The weather was cold, so he quickly ushered his guest inside and shut the door behind him.

"Thanks," Tim said as he slipped into the apartment. He dropped his heavy bag on the nearby sofa like he always did and removed his jacket. He noticed the large table set up in the dining room. Little pewter miniatures were laid out on the table, arranged where they had left off in their last Dungeons and Dragons session. "Wow, you've added some stuff to your place, haven't you?" Tim noticed as he looked about at the new furniture.

"Yeah, I got some furniture cheap from a coworker who was moving out of state and didn't want to haul it all with him. You're the first here, but Lori and Bill should be here soon," Vic explained. "Patrick and Dwayne have to work tonight and Don is out of town with his wife, so it'll just be the four of us when they get here." Vic took Tim's coat and hung it in a closet

"Cool," Tim replied. "The game seems to run more smoothly when the full group isn't here anyway." He took off his tie since he had forgotten to take it off after work and tossed it with his bag. He was wearing slacks and dress shoes, but was clearly more suited to casual clothes than what he was wearing.

"Yeah, as long as Lori makes it, I'll be happy," Vic said with a smirk. "She always makes the games more fun for me."

"I know what you mean. I've seen the way she flirts with you and it doesn't seem to make Bill mad, either." Tim continued, "If she wasn't with Bill, she could have her pick of any of us."

"I think about her all the time, and truthfully, every night I host these games, I'm hoping she'll stay late and something will happen. Hell, I'd even roll around with Bill if it meant I could be with Lori." Vic stopped for a second, looking around for the aftershock of what he just admitted. Tim didn't show any outward signs that he noticed, but quickly sat down at the game table to hide the surge in his dress slacks. "Can I get you a beer?" Vic offered.

"Yeah, that'd be great," Tim answered, thinking briefly about Vic entwined with a Lori and Bill. The effect this idea was having continued to grow in his pants. He began to wonder if Lori would go for that and what it would be like to watch Vic thrust into her as she screamed wildly on the gaming table. His daydream was interrupted by Vic coming back with a Miller Lite.

"Miller Lite's all I have. I hope that's okay," Vic asked.

"Yeah, sure," Tim answered as he quickly brought himself back to reality.

They sat and drank for a little while as they waited for Lori and Bill to arrive. Vic brought Tim up to speed on what had happened in the last gaming session and continually brought more beer in whenever they finished one. In the game, the characters that the players controlled had been chasing team of bandits and had to stop the game last time before they'd had a chance to catch them.

After an hour and several beers each, the phone rang. Vic answered and talked for a few minutes before hanging up. "That was Lori. They're going to be way late if they can make it at all. I told them to swing on by no matter how late as we'd be doing something until they got here," Vic explained. Disappointment flashed across Tim's face until Vic offered, "Shall we play a little bit until they get here?"

"Sounds good," Tim replied and they started the game. The alcohol was clearly affecting them both, but they were still able to play. Without the others, Tim decided to send his character scouting as he could do that alone and needn't wait for the others. It wasn't long before he was captured by the very bandits he was looking for.

"The leader of the brigands approaches you while the others have you pinned. He asks for your name and who you're with," Vic explained.

"I tell him to go to hell," Tim replied, grinning at his own bravado.

"You know," Vic began, "We're all adults, and if Lori were here, I'd have them violate her character to get you all to talk." Tim gasped and quickly sat down again, trying to hide the effect that mental image was having on him. "I'll be right back," Vic said as he headed to the bathroom.

After he heard the door shut, Tim began to stroke himself through the pants. Lori bent over as this rough highwayman violated her was overwhelming him. He stroked a little more and found himself quietly gasping, "Oh, Vic!"

Tim felt a tapping on his shoulder, and turned to find Vic standing right next to him. "The leader grabs your face and pulls it to his crotch," Vic said in a whisper as he pulled Tim's head to his jeans. "Do it, Tim. It's not gay if it's in character. C'mon, Tim. I need it bad, and if Lori doesn't show up, I'm just going to be jacking off to her over and over tonight."

Tim instantly grew to full hardness and he could see the thick lump growing in Vic's jeans as well. Unconsciously, Tim licked his lips and Vic took that as the invitation he needed. He unzipped his pants to reveal his thick cock. It was average in length, but was very thick. It bobbed in front of Tim who knew he wanted it but wasn't sure how to proceed.

Vic took the next step, however, and poked it against Tim's lips, which easily gave way to swallow several inches of the length. Even if Vic was "forcing" this on him, there was no doubt of Tim's enthusiasm as he vigorously licked and sucked on the shaft and head. Tim greedily swallowed as soon as he tasted the pre-cum and lightly grabbed Vic's balls.

"Oh, God, yes!" Vic called as Tim became more enthusiastic in his stroking and sucking. Tim lost himself in worship of Vic's cock. The feeling of it sliding in and out of his mouth was incredible and he could feel Vic's legs begin to give out as the sensations overtook him.

"Stop!" Vic yelled as he pushed Tim away. Had he done something wrong? Was Vic angry at him for enjoying it too much?

Vic pulled him to the couch and bent him over the arm, unzipping Tim's slacks as he went. He couldn't help but notice Tim's rigid cock as he pulled down his briefs. Looking around for some kind of lubricant, Vic's lust took over and forced him to drastic action he never thought he'd take, but he now found himself fiercely wanting it. He knelt down behind Tim and drove his tongue into the crack of his ass.

"Oh, Vic! I love it!" Tim cried as Vic drove his tongue deeper and deeper into his puckered ass. He reached down to his now liberated cock and stroked it in time with Vic's tongue.

Vic halted his tongue assault. Tim whimpered with aching need at the void left in his ass. He continued stroking his own cock. When a large warm object pressed against his hole, he realized the reason for Vic's furious attack on his ass.

"Oh no!" Tim called out. "I'm going to be fucked! Oh, fuck me, please. Fuck my ass!" He felt the slow push of Vic's head into his ass. Searing pain flooded over him until it passed the anal ring. Vic held there for a moment as Tim caught his breath and the pain turned to a pleasant fullness. 

"Let me do it, Tim. Let me fuck your ass," Vic pleaded as he resisted the urge to plunge all the way forward into the hot tunnel that tightly surrounded his cockhead. "Your ass is so tight. I'm gonna fuck it so hard. Please, let me do it!"

"Okay," he gasped, "Do it! Fill my ass with your cock!" He even pushed back on Vic as the thick cock plowed its way into Tim. It was a tight fit and it still hurt, but the pain was beginning to felt so good. As soon as Vic was fully inside Tim, they began fucking in earnest. Vic thrust deep into him over and over. He leaned over Tim's back and began kissing and licking on Tim's neck. The rhythmic pumping was pressing Tim's cock against the arm of the couch and Tim released his cum all over the sofa. The reaction caused Tim's ass to tighten, milking Vic's cock which finally exploded within Tim's guts. Vic bit down softly on Tim's shoulder, screaming into it as his orgasm pumped several times inside Tim, filling him with Vic's warm cum.

They collapsed onto the couch, Vic's softening cock still inside of Tim. Vic continued kissing on Tim as they lay together, his arms wrapped around Tim's waist.

Vic whispered softly, "That'll teach you to hunt my bandits."