 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Author's note: Whereas every other chapter of this series is told from the perspective of the son, Harry Morris, this chapter is told from the perspective of the father, Tim Morris.

*****

When I woke up and sleepily turned my head to look at the clock on the nightstand, I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw it was nearly ten o'clock. Then again, after Harry stormed out of the bedroom last night following our intense lovemaking, I must have tossed and turned for hours before finally being able to drift off to sleep. I reached up and rubbed my eyes, then let my right hand drift down and rub across my hairy chest, tweaking my left nipple. Yesterday morning, I had awakened to my son giving me one of the best blowjobs I had ever had in my life. This morning, there was no such welcome. I felt like the equilibrium of my life was completely out of balance. In the past two days, my life had completely turned upside down. I swung my legs over the side of the bed and sat on the side for a minute, reaching over the pull open the drawer of the nightstand. Inside, lying in the bottom was my wedding band. Harry had put it there the first night we had sex, insisting that I didn't belong to his mom this week. At the time, I thought it was the sexiest thing I'd ever heard. In fact, I still did. My cock twitched just remembering him saying that. But the reality of the situation is that I DO belong to his mother. And in the past two days, I've betrayed her trust and love in some of the most hurtful and destructive ways a man can betray his wife. And yet, a large part of me had absolutely no regrets. I felt like a horny teenager again. And the person who brought those feelings out of me was my own son. Feelings of disgust, desire, sadness, and passion all churned inside me.

Last night was one of the best AND worst nights I had experienced in a long time. Harry and I had connected in a way most fathers and sons never do. We had transcended our familial relationship and became lovers in the truest sense of the word. But then we both came crashing down to earth. Harry truly believes that he and I can live not as father and son, but as lovers and live a happy life. I love my son. I love him much more than simply as his father. Making love to him these past two days has awakened me to feelings I didn't even know existed within me. But there's no way I can leave his mother to be with him. Too many people would be hurt, not the least of which is Harry himself. No. As far as I'm concerned, what's best for Harry is to start to date and find a man closer to his own age who can make him happy...someone who isn't a relative. For the remainder of the week, it's going to be my job to make him see that that's what's best for him. I picked my wedding band out of the drawer and started to slip it back on my finger when I stopped. Harry wanted me to leave it off while his mother was out of town. I decided I would leave it off for the rest of the week...for my boy.

Speaking of... Harry and I needed to finish our discussion from last night. I started to walk out into the hallway when I realized I was still naked with a throbbing morning hard-on. I decided I should get dressed first. There was no way we'd be able to have a serious conversation with my hard cock as a distraction. I put on shorts and a t-shirt and padded down the hallway to

Harry's room. Looking inside, I saw that the bed was made and the room was empty. He must already be downstairs. As I turned around to walk toward the stairs, my cock pulsed in my shorts. As badly as I wanted Harry and I to continue our conversation from last night, I had an almost insatiable hunger to feel his naked body against mine while our tongues wrestled against each other in our mouths. Walking down the stairway, I was starting to worry about how I was going to approach our talk. No doubt he'd still be hurt over the way things turned out last night. Not to mention the fact that I doubted I was going to be able to come across as serious and stern while trying to keep myself from grabbing Harry behind the neck and pulling him into a kiss. After walking through the living room and finding it empty, I made my way into the kitchen and that's when I saw it. There was a note taped to the side of the coffee maker. I grabbed it and read it.

"Dad, I have plans today. I'm not sure when I'll be back, but it'll probably be later in the evening. Have a good day."

Short and vague. I started to wonder if he really did have plans today, or if he simply didn't want to have to face me. The idea that I had hurt my own son so badly didn't sit well with me. Whoever said sometimes you have to be cruel to be kind surely should have added the caveat, "but it doesn't ever feel good." Maybe I'd been too cruel to Harry last night in my attempt to steer him toward a more age-appropriate (and non-familial) man to spend his time with. There were other feelings stirring in me too. I was a little peeved that Harry would run out in the middle of a serious conversation. Sure, he didn't know that we weren't done talking. But all the same, I had more important things to say to my son and he was going to have to get his ass back here so I could say them to his face NOW! I walked into the dining room and was about to pick my cell phone up off of the table when it began ringing. Hopefully it was Harry! I looked at the display and it was Jim calling. I answered the call.

"Jim! What's going on, buddy?"

"Hey there, Tim! How's it going?"

"Just fine!"

"I'm sorry to disturb you. I know you and Harry are bonding this week while

Linda's in Seattle."

"No worries, man. Harry's out for the day. I'm flying solo right now."

"Oh good." Did I detect a little joy in his voice? "I was wondering if you'd like to join me for some breakfast. I'm at that little diner out off of Route 43."

"Sure. That sounds like a winner to me. I just woke up about 10 minutes ago. I could use some food. Give me a couple minutes to get dressed and I'll be out the door. I should be there in about 20 minutes."

"Great! See you then, stud!" Did I just hear him right?

"What did you say, Jim?" There was a little bit of a dead silence on the line. Had I caught Jim in a Freudian slip?

"I said, see you then, bud!"

"Oh. Okay. Yeah. See you then." I ended the call. My mind started recalling my conversation with Harry last night at dinner. He's convinced that Jim - my best friend of more than 30 years - is not only gay, but has the hots for me. Now, I was hearing things on the phone. I shook my head to get all of those ideas out of my head. Jim certainly isn't hot for me. And if he IS gay, which I doubt, it definitely wouldn't alter our friendship. I headed upstairs to get ready for breakfast, determined not to let anything make me feel weird around Jim.

A quick change of clothes later and I was driving down the road toward the diner. I pulled into the parking lot and ended up parking my car right next to Jim's. I found him sitting in a booth at the back of the diner. When he saw me, he smiled and waved me over. After he stood for us to shake hands, we sat down.

"I'm glad you could make it, Tim. Getting to see you yesterday at the gym made me realize how much I miss hanging out with you."

"I miss getting to hang out with you too, buddy. I guess, having our offices right next door to each other for all those years, we got used to seeing each other every day. We'll have to make time to see each other more often."

"Yeah, definitely." Jim chuckled. I swear I saw him blush a little bit, too.

While Jim continued talking about something or other, I looked at him. I mean I REALLY looked at him. Given that I had known Jim for so many years, I knew what he looked like. But Harry's perspective on Jim - and my new experiences with gay sex - allowed me to see him through new eyes for the first time. Jim truly was an attractive guy. He wore glasses, but had a chiseled face framed by auburn hair that was starting to gray at the temples. And it was obvious that all of his time staying active with sports and at the gym had done his body good too. I bet he looks good naked too! Suddenly, I gave myself a mental shake. What was I doing?! Just last night, I told Harry that I'm not gay. Now here I was, sitting across from my best friend, imagining what he looked like without any clothes on, not to mention a hard boner beginning to form in my pants! What was happening to me!? Jim's voice snapped me out of my thoughts.

"Tim? Hello! Are you there?"

"Wha...? I'm sorry. What did you say, buddy?"

"I asked you if Harry's got any leads on a new job yet. What's wrong with you? You look like you're a million miles away."

"I'm sorry, man. I have stuff on my mind."

"Do you want to talk about it? I know we haven't seen each other a lot in the past few months, but you know I'm here for you if you need me."

"Nah. It's no big deal. We'll talk later. For now, let's eat. I'm starved!" Just then, the waitress came over to take our food orders. As we ate breakfast, our conversation turned to other topics ranging from politics to sports to the weather and everything else in between. I was able to put my sexual thoughts about Jim out of my mind and I decided that I wouldn't - no, I COULDN'T - ever confront him with Harry's beliefs about the nature of his personal life or his possible feelings for me. At one point, glanced down at my watch and did a double-take.

"What is it, Tim?"

"This can't be right. My watch says it's 1:30. There's no way we've been here for three hours! It has to be wrong." Jim looked at his watch too.

"Your watch isn't wrong. It really IS 1:30."

"We'd better get going. I'm sure you've got somewhere you have to be." I reached for my wallet to put out some money for my part of the bill when Jim held out his hand to stop me.

"Wait a minute. What's your rush? I don't have anywhere to be. My schedule is free for the day. Earlier, it clearly looked like something was bothering you. I want you to tell me what's going on." Damnit if Jim wasn't going to press me on this!

"It's really nothing. We can talk about it some other time."

"No way, buddy. I remember all those nights you and Linda were there for me right after Audrey died. I was a mess. The two of you consoled me and kept me from going over the edge. When I see something wrong with you, it makes me realize that I have to return the favor for you when something's not right in your life. Now, out with it! What's going on?" I looked into Jim's eyes. He sincerely wanted to be of help to me. Why did that make my stomach do a little flip? I decided that maybe I could talk to Jim about what was on my mind after all. Since we've been friends for so long, I was certain I could bring up the subject without embarrassing him and be able to keep our friendship intact after I told him that I didn't return his feelings. That is, if he indeed did have feelings for me.

"Okay, okay. Quit twisting my arm. I'll tell you what's up. But I'd rather not do it here. It's kind of personal. Would you mind coming back to the house with me?"

"Sure. Let's go!" We paid the bill and got into our own cars, Jim following me back to the house. Once we arrived and were inside, I didn't know what to do next. Having these sorts of conversations wasn't exactly my strong suit.

"Okay. I don't know how to start this conversation off. I'm trying to keep it as embarrassment-free as possible."

Jim laughed slightly. "What's this all about? You and I have been friends for too many years for there to be any embarrassment between us, especially after some of the things we've said to each other over the years. I promise you I won't be embarrassed by anything you say."

"All right then. Here goes... So, I told you yesterday about how Harry came out to me."

"Yeah. I remember."

"And, well... You know how they say gay men tend to be able to spot other gay men. I think they call it gaydar..." I couldn't seem to get the rest of the sentence out. What if Harry's wrong? What if Jim really isn't gay? I could be about to open up a Pandora's Box that I really didn't want to open.

Unfortunately, I was already beyond the point of no return.

"Yeah. I've heard of gaydar. What are you trying to say, Tim?" I took a deep breath and decided it was now or never. If Harry's guess about Jim wasn't right, maybe Jim and I would look back on this conversation and have a good laugh one day. In fact, I started to smile out of awkwardness and even chuckled a little bit, nervously.

"You're going to think this is so ridiculous. I can't even believe I'm telling you."

"Tim, will you stop stalling and tell me!?"

"All right, all right! Last night at dinner, Harry told me that he thinks you're gay. See? Ridiculous, isn't it?" I looked at Jim's face to see what his reaction was. His eyes were wide and it looked like all of the color was draining from his face. In that moment I knew that Harry was right. Jim quickly regained his composure and brought his eyes to mine.

"No, Tim. It's not ridiculous. Harry's right. I AM gay." Jim got up out of the easy chair he was sitting in and walked over to look out the sliding glass door that looked-out into the backyard. Unsure of what he was feeling, I immediately got up off the sofa and walked over to him. I put my right hand on his left shoulder to show him that I supported him.

"Hey, buddy. You know that this isn't going to change our friendship, right?

After all these years, you should know that I'm not some narrow-minded, ignorant fool. I'm not going to end our friendship just because you've decided to keep company with other men rather than replace Audrey with another woman." Jim turned to face me, a serious look on his face.

"Tim, there's something you don't understand. Actually, there are a lot of things you don't understand. I never wanted to tell you these things, because I didn't want to ruin our friendship. But now that the cat's out of the bag, so to speak, it's time you knew the whole story. Let's sit back down." We returned to where we were each sitting a few moments ago, Jim in the easy chair and me caddy-corner to him on the sofa. "Tim, I want to start off by saying that your acceptance of me means more than you know. You're right. I should've known you well enough to know that I could've come out to you and you wouldn't end our friendship. Truthfully, that's why I feel like I can tell you the rest. If we really are friends, then I think you can handle knowing the real me." Now, it was my turn to anticipate just what in the hell Jim was trying to say to me.

"What is it that you have to tell me, Jim?"

"I haven't turned to men because I don't want to replace Audrey with another woman in my life."

"What do you mean?" I still wasn't sure what Jim was getting at.

"To put it plainly, I haven't 'turned' gay recently. Tim, I've been a gay man my whole life." I was absolutely dumbfounded. Jim must've seen the shock on my face because he moved over to sit next to me on the couch and put his hand on my shoulder. "I know it's a shock, buddy."

"Are you absolutely sure about this, Jim?" The minute the sentence came out of my mouth, I realized how absolutely idiotic it sounded.

"Yeah. When anything happens with me, I'm usually the first to know about it." Jim grinned at me. At least he had a sense of humor about it.

"What I meant to say is... You were married for over 25 years! I was there when you proposed to Audrey. I was Best Man at your wedding! Now, you're telling me it was all a lie?"

Jim looked me in the face and said with a matter-of-fact tone in his voice, "Yes, I am."

"You cold-hearted bastard. How could you do that to Audrey? Didn't you love her? How could you marry her, knowing that you'd never be able to love her the way she loved you?"

"Now, hold on there, Tim! You need to hear the rest of the story before you start jumping to conclusions and laying blame. I DID love Audrey. She and I were soul mates."

"Soul mates, my ass!" I interjected. "You let her think she was marrying a man who could love her the way a straight man loves a woman."

"No. Audrey and I WERE soul mates. But we were soul mates as friends, not lovers. And you're wrong. Audrey knew exactly who she was marrying."

Again, I was dumbfounded.

"You mean, she knew you're gay when she married you?"

"Yes. You see, Audrey was gay too." Again, I was shocked. Linda and I and been friends with Audrey and Jim for more years than I could count and it turned out that we didn't truly know them at all! Jim continued his story. "You know how things were in those days. Even though it was the days of women's lib and the sexual revolution, it was still a dark age for a gay man and a lesbian. Audrey and I knew each other from volunteer work we were doing together. We'd become close friends and we were both seriously dating special people in our lives. But we knew neither of our families would accept that we were gay, much less approve of bringing our partners home for dinner."

"So you were each other's beard." I interrupted.

"Yes. For the sake of our families, we invented the story that we started dating each other and we would go to family events with each other, as well as concoct stories to tell about dates we'd gone on. Meanwhile, we continued on in our true relationships out of the sight of our families."

"I can't believe what I'm hearing. You lied to your families and you put your partners - and yourselves - through that hardship?"

"At the time, everyone involved thought it would work for the best, our partners included. We each loved them very much and thought the relationships would last forever. What better way to ensure our secret staying safe than for Audrey and I to get married officially? And we did.

Unfortunately, things didn't work out quite as we had planned."

"What happened?"

"Oh, things worked out fine for a time. We moved into a house for appearances. We worked out a schedule of when we could each entertain our lover. But then, Audrey caught her partner cheating on her after we had been married for a few months. We'd been married about a year when the pressure of my leading a double life took its toll on my partner, Steve. He wanted Audrey and I to end our marriage and for the two of us to take our love public. I just wasn't ready for that. He gave me an ultimatum. And, when I wouldn't give in to what he wanted, he broke it off."

"Wait. Your partner, Steve? You mean the guy who was at several dinner parties early on in your marriage? You always used to say you'd been friends with since childhood."

"Yeah. That's the guy. I couldn't risk telling you the truth. After that, it took both Audrey and I a long time to bounce back from the heartbreak. By the time we were both ready to open our hearts again to new love, the realization hit that we were married. Neither of us knew how to get out there and meet someone knew while we were trying to keep up the pretense of a marriage."

"Why didn't you just get a divorce? Why stay in a marriage when you're both gay?"

"To be honest, even though our marriage was a complete facade, it had become comfortable and safe. I think both of us were afraid to leave that security.

And afraid of what our friends would think." As Jim said that last line, he looked me in the eyes. "The years moved on and time got away from us. Neither of us ever did find anyone new. But we were each other's' constant companion. Tim, she was my best friend and I know I was hers. When she died, I finally felt like I might try to live my life the way I should've been living it for all of these years...for myself AND her."

"So, all of these guys you've been hanging around with to play tennis or golf. That's just been for sex?"

