 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Author's Note: This chapter reverts to being told from the perspective of the son, Harry Morris. We will skip backward in time and find out what he was up to while his father and Jim were hitting the sheets back home. Some of the events from the previous chapter will be revisited and told from Harry's point of view.

*****

It was 8:30 in the morning when I had finally gotten myself cleaned-up and ready to go to the interview in the city. I prepared to leave my bedroom, dressed in a t-shirt and jeans, carrying my suit with me in one of those hanging bags. My scheduled interview time was right at Noon. I figured I'd allow for three to three and a half hours driving time...and then I'd stop somewhere nearby to change into the suit for the interview. I sure hope I'll be able to pull this thing off. I was definitely not feeling my best today. I could only imagine how I must look, even though I washed my face and shaved. I had anything but a restful night's sleep last night. With everything on my mind, how could I? The night before, after making love with and feeling connected to my dad so beautifully, we had a terrible argument. It ended with Dad proclaiming he's not gay and would never leave Mom to be with me...and me storming out of his room to spend the night in my own bed. I'm one of those people that, when something upsets me, it's all I can think about. I keep thinking "What if I'd done 'A'? Then 'B' might have happened. But what if I did 'C' instead? Then 'D' might have happened." Usually, I can catch myself if I get into that pattern and stop myself from doing it.

Last night, I was in no mood to stop thinking about it. All I could think about is how I could have handled last night differently. How could I have kept Dad from ending our relationship? The other day, when he experienced to reservations about our sexual activities, he abruptly changed his mind and rendezvoused with me in the shower - one of the sexiest things a man has ever done with me. This time, I knew that wouldn't happen. I must have tossed and turned for hours before finally falling asleep. The way I felt right now, I'd be lucky if I didn't fall asleep during the interview.

I grabbed all of my things off my bed, looked at myself in the mirror one last time, took a deep breath, and then walked out into the hallway. I passed my parents' bedroom on my way to the stairs and saw my dad lying on his back on the bed with his right arm above his head and his left arm draped over his chest. I wanted to go in there and give his nipple a tweak, but I had to restrain myself from doing that. I had no time to spare and, if he should wake up, I wasn't sure I was ready to face him. Plus, how would I explain leaving so early with a business suit? I went downstairs and wrote Dad a note so he wouldn't worry. I started out writing a long note, telling him about the interview. But mid-way through the note, I decided I didn't owe him any explanation. If he didn't care about me enough to want to continue to explore a relationship with me, he didn't need to know what I was doing with myself today. I crumbled up the note and threw it in the trash can. Instead, I wrote a shorter note. "Dad, I have plans today. I'm not sure when I'll be back, but it'll probably be later in the evening. Have a good day." I taped it to the side of the coffee maker and then hit the road.

While I was driving, I had a lot of time to reflect on everything that had happened between Dad and I over the past couple of days. I thought about all of the amazing sex we'd had and how connected we seemed to be to each other. As hurt as I was by how he reacted last night when I basically told him that I was in love with him, it occurred to me that maybe Dad truly was scared. If, as he has said repeatedly, he'd never had any feelings toward men until just a few days ago, it's a scary prospect to experience those feelings for the first time. I remember how I felt when I first realized that I was gay. There was a certain amount of fear there. Couple that fear with the fact Dad's a married man and that the guy who has brought these feelings out is his own son. No wonder he's fighting his feelings. I decided that when I got home after the interview, I'd sit down with Dad and try to talk things out with him. I wasn't yet sure how I would reassure him that we could take things slowly. But, I knew we needed to talk more. After I came to that decision, I started to feel a whole lot better. I plugged my mp3 player into the car, turned up the volume on the stereo and decided to burn off some tension by singing along to my favorite songs at the top of my lungs.

Blowing off steam sure helped pass the time! Before I knew it, I was back in the city and pulling up to Jentech headquarters. I looked at the clock in the car and it was 11:15. I had about 45 minutes to kill, so I found a public bathroom in the lobby of the building and changed into my interview clothes. After checking-in with the receptionist, I decided to have a seat in the lobby and wait to be called for the interview. I had only been sitting there for a few minutes when Rob passed through the lobby. When he saw me, he immediately came over.

"Harry! Hey, man! It's so good to see you!" I stood up and we shook hands.

"Good to see you too, Rob!"

"So, what time is your interview?"

"They're supposed to be seeing me at Noon." Rob looked at his watch.

"Then they should be calling you in fairly soon. I'm glad I ran into you! I have to get back to my office, but a few of us are going out to lunch around one o'clock. Do you want to join us?"

"It sounds good. But I really should get back home..."

"Come on, man! We haven't seen each other in months! It'll be good to catch up. Besides, it'll be good to get to know some of the people you'll be working with." Rob was always great at networking...or, as I like to call it, "kissing ass." I was never any good at networking, but Rob always used to help me out with making worthwhile work connections when we worked together before.

"Rob, I don't have the job yet. I'm sure all the other candidates are just as qualified as me...if not MORE qualified."

"Don't talk like that Harry! Trust me, the job is yours!" Rob winked at me. I didn't like the sound and look of that. I hope nothing 'below board' was done behind the scenes. Sure, I desperately needed a job. But I wanted to get it honestly, not because someone is doing me a favor. Rob continued talking. "Anyway, another reason for you to tag along at lunch is that a couple of the guys are right up your alley, if you know what I mean..." Rob knows I'm gay. And, although he's not gay himself, he was always open to having frank discussions about sex. I could hardly tell him that I had already found the potential man of my dreams, considering that it was my own father. That, I'm sure Rob wouldn't quite understand, so I decided to play along.

"Okay. You talked me into it, dude. I'll go to lunch with you!"

"Great! I'll meet you back here at 1:00! See you then!" Rob walked off.

Just a few moments later a friendly-looking middle-aged woman came out and called my name. I followed her back into a board room where she and two attractive men began interviewing me. I found out that the woman was named Tina and, if I got the job, she'd be my direct supervisor. One of the men at the table, Brock, introduced himself as Tina's supervisor. When I shook his hand, he smiled at me. I looked into his blue eyes, framed by blond hair and fell in lust right away. He looked to be in his late 30s and in pretty good shape. If I got the job, I probably wouldn't be working closely with Brock at all, but I remember thinking that I wouldn't be the least bit disappointed if I had to work with him. The other man at the table wasn't as attractive as Brock, but was a very nice guy. He looked to be in his early 60s and was slender. As he shook my hand, he introduced himself to me as Peter and told me that he was the Director of the Research & Development section of Jentech. In other words, he's Brock's boss.

Throughout the interview process, Tina, Brock, and Peter each asked me several questions. You know, the typical questions you get asked during this sort of thing... 'What do you think you can bring to this job?' 'What caused you to leave your last job?' 'What are your strengths and weaknesses?' et cetera... Of course, I answered the question about weaknesses honestly. I've been on enough interviews and gotten enough feedback to know that prospective employers actually like it when a job candidate can speak openly about their flaws. Another interesting perk of the job, I learned, was that whoever got the job would be supplied with a fully-furnished two-bedroom apartment in one of the more upscale parts of the city.

A few times during the interview, I would glance at Peter and I could swear I noticed him looking at me oddly. I tried not to let it get to me, because I didn't want him to throw me off my game. But I couldn't help but wonder why he was looking at me the way he was. At the end, Tina asked me if I had any questions to ask of them. Rob had told me that the job definitely wasn't temporary, but I wanted to hear it from their mouths. Peter piped up right away and said that, of course they couldn't predict what the future would hold for Jentech and how that future would affect employment within the company. But, as of this very moment, the job I was interviewing for was a permanent position with no planned termination date. The answer satisfied me, so the interview was over. I stood and shook hands with Tina, Brock, and Peter and thanked them for taking the time to meet with me. Brock told me that they'd be in touch with me soon to tell me whether or not I had the job.

As I walked back into the lobby, I was feeling pretty good about my chances of getting the job. I looked at my watch and noticed that I still had about 15 minutes to kill until I had to meet Rob and the others for lunch. I headed off to the restroom to relieve my bladder. As I was standing at the urinal, I heard the door open and footsteps. Although there were five urinals in the restroom, the person came up and stood at the one directly next to me. Out of the corner of my eye, I looked and saw that it was Peter. He turned to look at me.

"It's probably improper for me to say this to you, Harry. But I just wanted to tell you that you did a great job just now. All three of us really like you."

"Thanks so much, Peter. I'm glad to know that I interviewed well." I felt a little awkward standing there. Not because I shouldn't be talking to Peter about the job until a final decision is made. I've just never been one to carry on a conversation in a public restroom while I'm trying to relieve myself. I was trying to regain my composure and finish up when Peter sighed heavily and said something completely out of left field.

"There's no way I'm going to be able to take a piss now!" Being careful not to completely turn my head to face him, I reacted to his odd statement.

"Is something wrong?"

"No. Not at all. I'm just not going to be able to piss while I have this raging hard on. I had it during the whole interview." Now, it became crystal clear to me what those looks from Peter during the interview were all about. "Can you think of any way we might be able to make it go down?" Peter turned to face me. Unable to help myself, I finished my business and turned to look at him. For a man of his age, his cock was an impressive sight. It was sticking straight up in the air. It wasn't especially long, but it had a lot of girth to it. Inadvertently, I licked my lips. "You like that, son? Why don't you reach out and feel it?"

There was something about Peter and his cock that had me completely entranced. I don't know if it was the confidence or swagger he seemed to possess or if it was that knowledge that he was the head of the R&D department and an authority figure in the company...but he had me completely under his spell. I reached out and began feeling his cock, rubbing it from base to head, as well as feeling his hefty balls in my hand. At the same time, I began thinking about Dad and how I wish it was HIS cock I was fondling right now. What was I doing? I can't do this! I immediately took my hand off of Peter's cock.

"Peter, I'm sorry. I can't do this."

"What's wrong, son? I thought you liked my fat cock. I'm not wrong, am I?"

"No. You're not. Your cock is fuckin' hot! But, I have someone at home. I don't feel right doing this with you."

"Harry, a little hand job action - even a little oral - isn't considered cheating in my book. But, I respect your boundaries." He didn't make a move to zip up and his cock seemed to stay just as hard as it had been a few moments ago.

"I hate to ask this, Peter, but I have to. This isn't going to affect my chances of getting the job, is it?" He chuckled slightly.

"I'd be lying if I said my ego wasn't a little bruised. But other than that, no. You're still very much in the running for the Project Manager position."

What a relief! Peter reached into his pants pocket and pulled out a business card. "If you ever change your mind about having some fun, give me a call.

Otherwise, I look forward to seeing you again soon."

"Thanks Peter. I'll talk with you later." I zipped up and walked over to the sink. After washing my hands and drying them, I turned to leave and ran into Brock, on his way into the restroom.

"Hi there, Harry. Great job on the interview! I think we're going to be seeing more of you around here!"

"Thanks, Brock. I hope so!" I had to wonder how I would've reacted if Brock had been the one propositioning me and not Peter. Before I walked out the door, I heard Brock and Peter greeting each other. "Hey there, Peter."

"Hi Brock." Then I swear I heard a sound that reminded me of kissing. What I heard next made me certain that it was kissing I'd heard. "Brock, Daddy's horny."

"I see that. Let's move this into one of the stalls and I'll see if I can help you out." I decided to give them their privacy. As I walked back into the lobby, I thought how working here at Jentech would definitely be an interesting adventure.

Just a few minutes later, I was off to lunch with Rob and a few of my potential co-workers. Rob and I had a chance to get caught up with each other. It turns out he's just about to pop the question to his girlfriend of umpteen years. I remember starting work with him at my other job at least ten years ago and they'd been seeing each other for several years then. It was about time he let her make an honest man out of him. And Rob was right. A couple of the guys who joined us for lunch were good-looking. All in all, everyone who went to lunch was nice. If I was lucky enough to be offered the job, I felt like I'd fit in nicely at Jentech. After lunch ended and we got back to the office, Rob and I parted ways in the lobby.

"Harry, it was really good to see you. I'm sure we'll be seeing each other every day again before long!" He smiled at me.

"I sure hope so. Everyone seems so nice. I'd enjoy working here."

"I'd better get back to my office. Tell your parents hi for me."

"Will do! See you later Rob!"

With my hanging bag in hand, I made my way back into the restroom to change out of my suit and into the clothes I wore on the drive up here. In just a few short minutes, I was directing my car back onto the highway for the drive back to my parents' house, noticing on the clock that it was already 2:30. I figured that would probably put my back home at around 5:30. For most of the drive back, I had managed to keep my situation with Dad out of my mind, though I knew another intense conversation with him awaited me when I got back home. However, what happened next put Dad back in the forefront of my mind. My cell phone rang. I clipped my bluetooh piece to my ear and answered the call.

"Hello. Harry Morris here."

"Harry, hi. It's Tina from Jentech."

"Tina! Hi!" I'm hearing from them already? This can't be good...

"Harry, I have some news for you."

"Okay..." My stomach was churning quite a bit now. Had both Peter and Brock been blowing smoke up my ass? Maybe I completely bombed the interview and Tina was calling to tell me that they weren't going to offer the job to me? I wondered if I should pull off to the side of the road so I didn't crash my car.

"As you know, we interviewed you today for one of two Project Manager openings we have on the Jentech Research & Development team. I'm calling you now to say that, after interviewing you today, Peter, Brock, and I agree that you'd be a real asset to our company and we'd like to offer you a position." I was speechless. Maybe I SHOULD have pulled off to the side of the road. I felt like jumping for joy! Except, I was behind the wheel of a car. "Harry, are you there?" I snapped out of my speechless date.

"Yes! Tina, I'm sorry. I'm just speechless..."

"That's a good thing, I hope."

"Of course it is!"

"Does that mean you'll accept the job offer?" Without thinking, I answered her.

"Yes! Yes, of course!"

"Excellent! Peter and Brock will be thrilled. We're all looking forward to you joining the team. Can you be here to start work on Monday?"

"I'll be there bright and early!"

"Great. I'll see you then!"

"Thanks, Tina! Good night."

"Good night, Harry." The call ended. I couldn't stop smiling. After months of struggling, I had found a new job. I was finally starting to feel as if things were falling into place for me. Then, my thoughts turned to Dad and the smile started to fade from my face. With things so uncertain between us, I wasn't sure how this job offer would fit into the mix. Part of me thought he might be relieved that I'd be relocating back to the city, keeping temptation away from him. Whatever his reaction might be, I knew I needed to tell him right away. I only had four more days until I started my new job. I intended to make sure we spent the days until I had to move back to the city with each other.

Another half hour on the road and I was pulling up in front of my parents' house. I saw Dad's car in the driveway and so was Jim's. I was relieved. With Jim there, what was sure to be a very serious and intense conversation with Dad would have to wait until Jim left. And I surely wouldn't encourage him to leave. I unlocked the front door and walked into the house. The lights were on, but I didn't see anyone in the living room, dining room, or kitchen. Dad and Jim must be watching TV down in the family room. Now that March Madness was closing in on us, I figured there was a big NCAA game on that they were engrossed in. Before I went down to say hi, I decided to drop off my stuff in my bedroom. As I made my way upstairs, my mind was still cluttered with news of my job offer and trying to figure out just how my impending move into the city that I wasn't paying attention to much of anything. As I passed by Dad's bedroom, the distinct sound of a moan snapped me out of my thoughts. I turned to look into Dad's room and couldn't believe what I saw. I was so shocked, my bag dropped from my hand.

Dad and Jim were naked on my parents' bed. Jim was flat on his back and Dad was fucking his ass like there was no tomorrow. Jim was moaning and Dad was egging him on. "Fuck, Jim. You feel SOOOO good."

"Yeah, buddy? You feel so fuckin' good, too. Damn! Give it to me, Tim!" Dad leaned down and kissed Jim passionately. I couldn't watch anymore. I moved quietly back down the hallway and went downstairs. I was hurt and angry. Just as recently as last night, Dad was vehemently denying that Jim was attracted to him. Now, the two of them were fucking like rabbits! Last night, Dad also said he was absolutely not gay. How can someone who isn't gay have sex with his own son AND his best friend? How could Dad do this to me?! I started breathing heavily and felt like I was going to pass out. I needed to get the hell out of this house! I grabbed my keys off of the side table by the front door and rushed out to my car. Standing on the street, bent over next to my car, my head was still spinning and I still felt like I was going to faint. But my senses were slowly starting to return.
