 The moment the hotel room door clicked shut behind him I knew what was going to happen. I was alone in a private space with a man, alone for the first time with a man in a potentially sexual situation.

We had been sitting in the bar, talking pleasantly. It was a lawyers' conference and I was recently qualified. So was Paul. He was a tall, fat man, prematurely bald and naturally overweight.

We had got onto the subject of sex because that was what the afternoon's session had been about: specifically male rape and the difficulty of prosecuting in such cases because of the general public's reluctance to consider it a genuine possibility.

As we discussed it in the bar we agreed that it should be taken just as seriously as heterosexual rape. Then Paul had become alarmingly frank.

"I can identify with it because I am homosexual," he said. "Or I would be if I ever had sex. The trouble with being gay and fat is they are not compatible." He looked at me to see if I understood. I nodded and he continued. "The gay world is even more cliched than the hetero world. It's slim, fit men who are idolized. They're not interested in ordinary men like me. I'm not a freak, I'm just naturally large."

"But there are gay men who are turned on by big men," I said sympathetically. "You get porn sites devoted to it."

As I said that I realized I had just admitted to looking at gay porn. And it was true, I did, sometimes. When hetero life was not going well I would seek excitement on the other side of the tracks, porn wise but not in reality.

Paul claimed never to have heard of bears and chubbies, and I allowed him to let me give him some information. I regaled him with stories of fat men with their faces buried in each other's arses and laps, seeking the goods within undulating hills of blubber. I didn't put it like that, of course.

He maintained he had no knowledge of it, and eventually I had said okay, I would prove it and show him some on my laptop.

And so it was that I was in this hotel room and heading for a situation that could get very personal, very messy. Or very exciting, I thought in short flashes when the desire overruled the trepidation. But mainly it was worrying.

I fired up my Macbook Air as Paul pored us a glass of wine each from the bottle I had bought for late night consumption. He sat beside me, as was only practical if we were going to look at one small screen, and I looked up gay chubbies. The thumbnails were, as usual, a mix of the relevant and the irrelevant, but I soon found one that showed two white men, one a chub and the other just a normal guy just like us.

I opened it and Paul and I found ourselves watching as the two men entered a hotel room much like the one we were in, and began kissing and undressing each other. The average guy got on his knees and located the chub's cock, which lurked beneath his belly and looked rather small.

"I think that's a sort of optical illusion," I said. "Because the guy's body is so big his bits look small.."

"Very true," Paul said. "I sometimes feel my penis is hiding amid the flab and my skin hangs as low as my balls."

"Anyway," I said. "There you have it. There is hope for a chub like you. Now, shall we watch some TV?"

"Only if it's gay porn," Paul said. "You've got me in the mood."

"I doubt if you'll find that in this place," I said.

"Or we could create our own," Paul said, smiling slyly.

"Our own what?" I asked evasively.

"We could get naked and do something," Paul said simply.

"Yeah, but I..." I began, but had no end to the sentence.

"Come on," Paul said. "You went to a public school. Didn't you ever get cornered by one of the older guys?"

"Not intentionally," I said rather lamely.

"But you have sucked a penis," he pursued. "Or had yours sucked. Come on, I won't tell anyone and after tomorrow we'll never see each other again. Look up gay rimming, I like that."

I passed the laptop to him and he came up with a site full of men licking each other's arses. Paul allowed us to watch 30 seconds of it before blurting something out.

"I'll do that to you. You'd like it if a girl did it." He observed my impulse to say no, fighting with the urge to say yes. "we can turn off the light and you'll never know the difference."

I paused and then laughed as heartily as I could, hoping that, if this were not a joke, it could be turned into one. But no, Paul was standing up and taking off his immaculately ironed Samuel Tyrwhitt shirt. I couldn't help looking at his big, smooth, hairless chest and stomach, and feeling a bit horny.

My intention had been to help this fellow traveller, to give him some encouragement in a world which discriminated against him. I had wanted to show him that there were some men who found his bulk attractive. I had not intended to volunteer to help him in a practical sense.

And yet... I had looked at chubby websites and I had masturbated at the images I saw of big men such as him. And now here I was in the perfect situation to experience it for real. Paul had no idea of sexual etiquette or seduction techniques. In his mind he had a man in a room with a bed in it and that meant he should get undressed and force the issue by sheer weight of hormones. Sophisticated he might be in many respects, and hyper intelligent, but he knew nothing of life in the interpersonal realm.

He began speaking as he imagined gay men spoke.

"So are you top or bottom?"

"What are you?" I asked, playing for time.

"I," he said grandly, "have a penis that wants to bury itself in other men's depths. So I'm a top... I guess."

"Really,' I said, still dilly dallying.

"Would you like to see my cock?" he asked, but didn't wait for an answer. He removed his trousers and socks - old fashioned suit trousers and long socks that had none of the appeal of , for instance, a naked black man keeping his short white ones one for some unknown but titillating reason.

And there Paul was, tall, broad, deep and stately, and apparently unaware that this move could misfire.

"You want me to fuck you, don't you?" he said confidently. "Let's turn off the light and make it more intimate. He walked to the switch and plunged us into near darkness. Then he sidled over to me and waved his erection in my face. When I didn't take the hint he turned around and said,

"Okay, you're a rimmer. Here..."

I am a rimmer, as it happens, so I put my face to his buttocks and caught the faint trace of arse that turns me on like nothing else. I darted my tongue into and out of his crevice, tiptoeing into the water.

"On the bed," he whispered and I undressed as quickly as I could and followed him.

"Now toss my fucking salad," he said cockily.

When I hesitated lying on my back and not moving, he lifted his hefty body up and knelt astride me, his back to the headboard, and sat on my face. With my nose buried in his crack and my own erection belatedly insistent, I licked his arse and he groaned in ecstasy.

"I knew you wanted to do that," he said. "From the moment I set eyes on you I thought 'This guy wants to lick my bum'. I might not have much experience but I have done a lot of research."

Having established the situation and my complicity in it, he lay on his back and began to step up the masterfulness.

"Suck my cock and my scrotum and lick my arse," he said. I dutifully got down there and did as he commanded. He lifted his legs way in the air to give me room to lick his anus, and it was almost enough but not quite.

"Kneel and I'll lick you properly," I said.

"Now you're talking," Paul said. I licked him passionately, giving him every ounce of pleasure my eager tongue could impart, licking the sides of his crack and sucking his little hole. At the same time I felt his balls and stroked his penis.

After a while I wanted something else.

"Lie on top of me," I asked. "I want to feel your bulk."

He lay on top of me, cock to cock and face to face, and we kissed as if starting from scratch.

"How are you going to fuck me?" I asked romantically.

"All ways," he said. "We can start like this with your legs in the air. But I gather we should have some lubricant. Have you got any?"

"Hair gel," I offered. "Might do." Paul rolled off to allow me to fetch the gel, and when I returned to the fray I lay down and allowed him to spread it in me and on his cock. Then I raised my legs as directed and awaited his grand entrance. His enormous body lay once again all over me as he positioned the tip of his cock at my entrance. Then, pushing forward and letting his weight do its stuff, he slipped unstoppably into me.

Paul smiled broadly as his penis entered its first arsehole. I was too horny to smile. I was in the serious business of being fucked for the first time, and I wanted him to plough me like they did in the porn films.

He didn't disappoint me. He rammed his hard virgin cock into my arse and I luxuriated in the feeling of being filled, smothered, overpowered. He shagged me like I was his property, and in fact for that short time I was his. He fucked me face to face, he turned me over and fucked me downwards, while I lay flush on the bed, and he pulled me up to a kneeling position and fucked me like dog.

And then he came. With a loud, wailing grunt, Paul delivered his spunk into me and history was made: he had fucked his first man and I had received my first buggering, and had a man come inside me to top it all.

With one more day of the conference plus the last night party, we made the most of it. At lunchtime, having sat discreetly in our usual places, we found each other and went together to some remote toilets at the end of a long corridor. There, ensconced in a cubicle, I sucked his cock and he sucked mine.

That night we didn't bother with dinner, but met at my room at seven and spent all evening and all night together, he rolling all over me until I could take it no more and begged him to fuck me. And he fucked me. He fucked me till I was red raw. He covered me with his semen, in my crack, on my chest, up my back and down my throat. And I licked his arse as if I would never be able to lick a man's arse again - because that's what I like to do.