 A/N: This story was inspired by an interesting conversation I had with a friend. While matters of race are often fetishized in porn, I found that this approach isn't one that is presented/wanted often. Read the tags and if you aren't interested in this topic, feel free to read another story. This site is an amazing place to find stories of all types, and I wanted to fill a hole that I noticed and touch on an unconventional approach. If it isn't for you, I'm sorry and I hope you can find one that is to your liking. If this is something you are interested in, I hope you enjoy.

WARNING: This story contains certain themes and topics that you may dislike. Everything and everyone in this story is over the age of 18 and fictional, any similarities to real people or situations are purely coincidental. Also, I DO NOT CONDONE, violence, homophobia, or racism. This story is only for the sake of entertainment. Stay safe, stay nice, and stay happy y'all. 

~~~ 

Calvin's head throbbed as it was slammed into the wall beside him. Terrence's large figure loomed over him, his form a giant shadow as Calvin's eyesight blurred. The most he could do was lean on the wall for support as his body crumpled to the ground.

"What the fuck you mean you can't do it? Aren't y'all fucking chinks supposed to be smart?" Terrence snarled, shaking his head. "You saying your bitch ass got better stuff to do?" 

"No," Calvin managed to choke out, wiping the tears from his face, "I just have some exams and the debate tournament coming up... if only you told me earlier." 

Calvin winced as Terrence's face snapped back at him, "You telling me its my fault?" 

"No..." Calvin whimpered, not wanting to anger the large man in front of him. 

"That better not be the case." Terrence pulled off his backpack from his shoulders and fished out a crumpled piece of paper. After taking a quick look around the small dorm room, he walked over to where Calvin's desk was. Sweeping away the carefully placed books, note cards, and other items, he loudly slammed the assignment on the newly cleared table. 

When he turned back around, Calvin was wiping away his tears and was just beginning to be able to prop himself up on one arm. As much as Calvin wished that Terrence would just leave, the wicked grin that had developed on the larger man's face told him that it wasn't over.

"I guess I'll give you part of the payment now bitch," Terrence said as he made his way back over. He slid off his athletic shorts and they immediately fell to his ankles. Sitting on the ground, Calvin could smell the musk that came from the bulge mere inches from his face. 

"Come and get it you hungry little fag," Terrence chuckled to himself as he began to free his dick from his boxer-briefs. 

Calvin could feel his stomach drop as Terrence's cock slipped out, dangling loosely in between his legs. The smell assaulted his nostrils as Terrence rocked his hips around to make his cock swing in circles. Calvin began to instinctively turn away as it began to move towards his face, but knew that that wouldn't put a stop to what was to come. 

"Come on," Terrence slapped at Calvin's face with one of his huge hands, "Aren't you excited? Its not every day you get cock like this." 

Calvin slowly opened his mouth and Terrence guided his cock inside. 

"Yeah, there you go," Terrence moaned, his cock growing quickly as he proceeded to thrust it in and out of Calvin's mouth. 

If there was one thing Calvin was grateful for, it was the fact that Terrence's cock wasn't impossibly big or thick. For a black, 6'6", 280 pound lineman, Calvin was extremely glad that Terrence's cock wasn't proportional to his gigantic figure. However, that wasn't to say that it was easy to take his cock, especially at the speed that Terrence began to pump into him. 

With every thrust, Terrence swung his full weight into Calvin's face, a near concussive blow every time. His cock was still able to push against the back of Calvin's throat, and at surprising speed. As much as Calvin wanted to pull his head away in order to catch a quick breath of air, Terrence's death grip on his head made it impossible for him to move. All he could do was let it happen, like it had many time before. 

Calvin began to gag as Terrence began to force his way harder and deeper. The growing struggle only seemed to rile up the large football player as he moved even faster and faster. It was only moments before Calvin could feel the end coming. With one giant thrust that shook his skull, Terrence's body began to shake as he came down Calvin's throat. Calvin's lungs gasped for air, but only found the warm seed from the man instead. 

Calvin's body simply froze as the football player's cock slipped out of his mouth, a trail of saliva and cum stringing from the end. 

"You're welcome bitch," Terrence said with a sigh as he wiped his dick across Calvin's face in an effort to clean it, "You know you enjoy this dick. Its not every day you get some nice big black cock to suck on. You're one lucky fag to be ale to taste the cock of someone on the football team, aren't ya? I bet you brag about it to your fag friends." 

Thoroughly full of himself, Terrence pulled up his underwear and shorts and grabbed his backpack. Wiping his long dreads from his face, he patted the assignment on the table once again before heading out the door.

"I'll be back to pick this up tomorrow. It better be done."

After a few short moments of silence, Calvin was finally able to pick himself up and walk to the sink in his dorm. 

He couldn't stop the tears from falling down his face as he looked at his reflection in the mirror. There was lines of tears, snot, saliva and cum running down his face, glistening under the bright light. As he turned on the water to wash up, all he could think about was how things had become this way.

He remembered originally coming out as gay in high school. It was a hard thing to do as being one of the few Asian students in a rural, Texas community already set him apart. The problem was that there wasn't as many gay people around and the bullying he received for being different only made life worse. 

The only thing he had to look forward to was college, as that meant more people and a better chance to find a place to fit in. He remembered being so excited to get into the state university, their excellent medical program a boon as he had always wanted to pursue a career in physical therapy. He had done well enough in debate in high school and combined with his grades, he was able to earn a scholarship. 

When the semester began, he found out that one of his courses was being an athletic trainer for the varsity football team. He looked forward to it at first, as it would lead to some hands-on experience and help him later on. However, that all changed during one particular practice. 

It was after a two-a-day practice, the players were hot and sweaty and Calvin was told to bring coolers of sports drinks into the locker room. He could feel butterflies in his stomach as he pushed the cart of beverages down the hall. 

"Keep it cool," he told himself. This situation was both a dream and a nightmare. On one hand, he still hadn't come out to anyone since arriving on campus. Having remembered the amount of bullying he had gone through in the past, he felt that the testosterone fueled football team wouldn't be the best place to make that particular announcement. However progressive a campus might claim to be, a football locker room in a southern state was its own ecosystem altogether.

Despite those worries, he was still excited. Having only met a few of the players, this would be the first time he saw the whole team. It would be a room packed with some of the most physically fit young men in the state, in various stages of undress. Calvin told himself to keep it together, this wasn't a museum for him to ogle at people after all. He was there to do a job. 

Yet, when he pulled the cart through the doors of the locker room, he simply froze as his senses tried to take everything in. Filling his vision were an array of the most beautiful bodies he had ever seen. Bare-chested and glistening, most of the players he saw had just gotten out of the shower, with water dripping down their well developed muscles. While some had towels wrapped around their waists, others bared it all to those around them. Calvin could feel himself begin to salivate at the sheer amount of naked flesh in front of him. 

"Yo," a voice snapped him out of his own daydreams, "Why you staring?" 

Calvin blinked and looked up at what seemed to be the dictionary definition of "Norse God", as if Thor himself stepped off the silver screen The man before him had striking blue eyes and blond hair that was still damp. Water ran down his large pecs and well defined six-pack abs. Calvin wanted to follow the skin down further, but the man had wrapped a towel around his hips. Bummer.

"Um..." Calvin began, his voice catching.

"What's going on Sven?" Another man came up behind the first, "Who do we have here? Did a perv or something sneak in?" 

"That's what I'm trying to figure out," Sven said, a slight growl in his voice, "What are you doing just standing there?"

"What, no, I'm not gay. I'm just here to bring some drinks," Calvin blurted out defensively, "Although if you guys don't want them, I can take them back to the athletic training office." Calvin was surprised at his own tone, but the adrenaline from almost being caught resulted in a semi cocky response. 

After a brief second of suspicious glances, Sven gave a smile and reached for one of the coolers.

"Sweet," he said as he rummaged through the cooler and took a Gatorade and a protein shake, "Thanks bud."

The guy behind him also took some drinks and the commotion began to draw others around the cart in a furious grab for refreshments. 

After the players had finished taking the drinks and Calvin had cleaned up, he was finally able to relax and take a piss in the nearby men's room. He let out an audible sigh as the pressure finally seemed lifted off his shoulders. What a close call. Next time, he would have to be more careful and keep his own lustfulness in check. 

As he finished peeing, he heard the sound of the restroom door opening. That was odd. Most of the players and coaches had already left, but Calvin figured that if he was still there, there was a possibility that others were still lingering around. He began to make his way over to the sink and saw that it was a large black man, around his age. 

"What is a player still doing here?" He thought. They had their own restroom. As Calvin moved to let him pass, he felt a hand shoving him hard on his chest. Calvin was only 5'7" and 140 pounds. The sheer force almost made him lose his balance as he stumbled backwards a couple feet.

"What the fuck man?" He shouted as he was just able to avoid falling over. 

The large man didn't seem fazed. 

"You went to Westcreek, didn't you?" the guy said, his voice gruff and unforgiving.

"Yes?" Calvin replied, taken aback a bit. Was this guy from his hometown? He didn't recognize him, but he had been a quiet kid during high school. 

"Why you lying?"

"Lie?" Calvin was confused. 

"In the locker room," The man was walking towards him. Calvin wasn't sure what to do. There was only one way out and it was blocked by a huge, muscled black football player. He didn't like his odds. 

"Yeah," the guy continued, taking more steps towards Calvin. "You told the captain that you weren't a fag. But I know you are."

Calvin gulped. He still didn't remember the guy from his high school, but if what the guy was saying in true, then his secret may not have stayed as secret as Calvin wanted. 

At his point, Calvin was backed up against the wall, the angry jock mere feet away. 

"You don't remember me, do you?" he said. 

Calvin shook his head slowly. 

He heard the guy give out a loud snort. "Its Terrence."

Calvin still couldn't remember and only gave a confused look in return.

"Doesn't matter I guess." Terrence said, now inches away from Calvin. The football player was leaning down over him and Calvin felt suffocated, as if the man was surrounding his whole body and trapping him in place. 

"All that matters is that I remember you. You were always running around like a little rabbit, in that black hoodie, probably trying to get fucked by any other homo in the school."

Calvin froze. While most of that statement was false (as he was unlucky enough to have had no sex in high school,) he did wear a black hoodie, one of his favorite pieces of clothing that also helped him blend in. Whoever this Terrence is, he must have gone to his high school in order to have intimate knowledge like that. 

"Please..." Calvin pleaded. "Don't tell anyone. I'll do anything." 

There was a glint in Terrence's eyes that made Calvin nervous. 

It had been that moment that everything had gone wrong. 

After making Calvin give his very first blowjob, Terrence had taken a picture of Calvin with a dick in his mouth and another with cum on his face. Terrence had decided that Calvin was now responsible for doing the homework and assignments that he was too lazy to do. No matter what he did, Calvin found Terrence's clutches inescapable. Even when he requested to be moved to the basketball team instead of the football team, Terrence had somehow found his dorm and confronted him there. 

Calvin had thought of going to campus security and the police multiple times, but the threats that Terrence made sacred him from doing so. As a result, he had been at Terrence's beck and call for the last two months, stuck between no good options. 

As Calvin's thoughts came back tot he present and he rinsed his mouth out a third time, he noticed the time on his phone. 

Shit, he was going to be late for the debate practice. 

As Calvin rushed into the debate room, he knew that he was in trouble. There were already people at the podium. On one side, Benjamin and Ari were sitting at the desk, the desk that Calvin should have been sitting at. He looked over at Ari as he tried to discreetly move around the side of the room. 

His friend noticed him and Calvin saw him mouth "Sorry" as their eyes made contact. Calvin understood, as Ari was his backup and he couldn't blame him for taking his spot. 

Ari proceeded to subtly point at the opposing table. Calvin saw that Tobias was speaking at the podium, but on his side was Hudson. Calvin gulped as his eyes met Hudson's. The debate captain was aware of his tardiness and Calvin knew that there were consequences to come. 

After the mock debate, Hudson stood up and announced that he was going to end practice early, so everyone could prepare individually for the tournament this weekend. Calvin could feel Hudson's gaze on him as he spoke. As everyone else left the debate room, Calvin sat in his seat. As the last person left, Hudson made his way towards Calvin. He flipped one of the chairs from the front row around and sat down, still quiet as a mouse. 

Hudson Lee was someone that was not to be messed with. He was tall, well-dressed, well-mannered, and wicked intelligent. As Calvin had learned of all of Hudson's accomplishments, such as placing second in the national tournament the year before, he couldn't believe that the guy was only a year above him. 

Calvin adored Hudson, and even wished to be him at times, as he was so well-spoken and commanded attention from those around him. While being the ultimate "Asian nerd" as the head of the debate and chess teams, Hudson filled the stereotypical mold so much it broke. He wasn't shy and never backed down, a natural leader. He was also extremely attractive, and Calvin even had a crush on him. Calvin knew that Hudson was also a talented martial artist along with everything else, which really showed in his trim figure. Like everything else about him, he was a mystery, but at the same time, you knew that something incredibly powerful was lurking beneath the surface. 

"Why were you late?" Hudson's voice was calm, but Calvin could feel the weight behind those words. 

"Um..." Calvin knew that he had to choose his next words carefully, but he couldn't figure out what to say. 

"Is this going to be a problem for the tournament?" 

"No..." Calvin blurted out, "No. I promise it won't be. I was just tied up with a... person I know." Calvin knew that his response was weak. If he was in Hudson's shoes, he would kick himself off the team in a heartbeat.

"Is your drop in performance over the last few weeks due to a boy?"

Calvin was taken aback at the way Hudson casually asked the question.

"What? What do you mean by a boy?"

Hudson's eyebrow raised as he looked back at him. 

"While you do a good job at hiding it, I can tell you like guys." Hudson seemed unfazed as he gave his analysis. "And most people that get distracted over time like this do it over a relationship. As you just confirmed my suspicions about this 'person you know', which must be somebody you're involved with. Am I wrong?"

Calvin's mouth hung open at the amount of info that was correct. What kind of modern Sherlock Holmes was Hudson? No normal person is this keen on whats going on around them.

"Yeah...," Calvin admitted. "Kinda."

There was almost no point in hiding it anymore. At this stage, his personal life and free time was ruined. He didn't want to lose his spot on the debate team as well. As Calvin told Hudson about what had been happening, there was only silence. When he finished speaking, Calvin had broken down in tears, the angst and frustration of the whole situation that had been bottled up was finally out in the open. 

Hudson simply stood up and paced in front of him, Calvin could tell that the other man had something on his mind. 

"Give me the assignment." Hudson said. 

Calvin attempted to pull himself together and wiped the snot and tears off his face. 

"What?" 

"You need to focus on the debate tournament." Hudson said. "I'll take care of the assignment."

"No," Calvin said, shaking his head, "I don't want to get you involved as well."

"Too late." 

~~~

Calvin was nervous as he walked along the sidewalk, playing the conversation that he had with Hudson over and over in his head. 

"We there yet? I don't got all day." Terrence growled from behind him. 

Calvin could hear the irritation in the other man's voice, but he felt a little comforted as they were in public. 

Hudson had given him his address and told him to bring Terrence to pick up the assignment. Calvin was flabbergasted by the idea when the words came out of the other man's mouth. What was Hudson doing? If Calvin were in Hudson's shoes, the last thing he would have wanted was to have his address exposed. 

Calvin gulped as they made their way towards Aston House on the north side of campus, double checking the room number in his phone. 

Of course Hudson lived in Aston House, what did he expect? Aston House was the exclusive dorm for the "best students on campus", or so it was called. The reality was that it was reserved for those who won dean scholarships. Nevertheless, it was gorgeous. There was a gated pool on the side and while the dorm was on campus, there were trees surrounding the whole complex in order to create a private oasis.

"You better not be wasting my time." Terrence was sounding even more annoyed. 

Calvin had barely gotten away Scot-free when he told Terrence that they had to go pick up his assignment. Terrence had vented about getting called out at practice earlier that day. He was already pissed off and Calvin feared that making him walk halfway across campus would push him over the edge. However, he had simply asked, "Do you want the assignment or not?" as Hudson had told him to. 

As the two navigated the lobby and the halls of the dorm, they made it to the room that Calvin had seen on the message. 
