 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

***

I put my key in the front door lock, turned it and pushed the door open. I took one last deep breath and then walked inside.

From the foyer, I saw Dad sitting on the couch with the television on. He was looking at me. It was obvious that he had turned to look into the foyer when he heard the door open. "Harry, I'm glad you're home..."

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt you watching TV," I said somewhat coldly.

"I just had it on for noise. I haven't been able to concentrate enough to focus on whatever's on," Dad said sheepishly.

"Yeah. I guess hot sex with your best friend will do that to you!" Immediately after the words came out of my mouth, I regretted uttering them. This isn't who I was. I wasn't a bitter, spiteful person who uses biting sarcasm to wound someone. After making the decision to walk into the house tonight, I decided to try and look beyond my worries and nerves and try to talk to Dad about what had transpired tonight. Instead, my jealousy and anger reared their ugly head.

"Harry!" Dad admonished me with a wide-eyed look on his face. Not surprisingly, he was as shocked at my last remark as I was. I averted my eyes from his face.

"I'm sorry, Dad. I didn't mean that the way it came out."

"Son, why don't you sit down? There's a lot that we have to talk about."

"Sure. We can talk. But I'd like to grab a shower first." After my incredibly erotic encounter with Rick, I wanted to freshen up and get all of the dried cum off of my body before launching into what was sure to be a long, intense, and emotional discussion.

"All right. I'll just go and start dinner while you do that. Have you eaten yet?"

"No."

"Great! I haven't either."

"Okay. I'll be back down in a few minutes." I headed for the stairs. Before disappearing up them, I looked back into the living room to see Dad lean back on the couch, take a deep breath, and rub his hands over his face a few times. What was he thinking? What would he tell me tonight? My stomach started wobbling in my belly. If I had anything on my stomach at the time, I had a feeling it wouldn't have stayed there long.

Upstairs, as I stepped into the shower and underneath the cascading water, I resolved to show a strong face to Dad. I'd listen to what he had to say, but I wasn't going to let him see how disappointed I was in him. And, if what he had to tell me was that he and Jim were going to explore their obvious attraction to each other, I'd do my best to be supportive of him...though I was certain there would be at least a little bit of bitterness on my part at being the one to make Dad realize he was attracted to men, only to have Jim be the one to guide him on the rest of his journey. I had to shake my head to snap myself out of my thoughts. I was getting VERY ahead of myself. After all, last night Dad had insisted he'd never leave my mom. It was more than a big leap for me to assume he'd change his mind after having sex with Jim earlier today, no matter how good in bed Jim might have been.

Taking stock of my own thoughts, I realized how utterly tinged with jealousy they seemed. In that moment, I realized what my true feelings were. There was no doubt any longer. My escapade at the gym with Mike yesterday and the passionate lovemaking with Rick earlier tonight were hot...and sexy...and sweet...and totally erotic. But they both lacked one essential element and it was an element that I knew I needed to have: love. Earlier tonight, being next to Rick, feeling his naked body on top of me and next to me, his strong arms around me and his mouth driving me crazy with kisses, I knew that was the way love was supposed to feel. However, I don't love Rick. The only man I've loved for many years, if I were completely honest with myself, was downstairs in the kitchen, fixing dinner. I wasn't falling in love with my dad. I was already in love with him.

As I shut off the shower and began drying myself off, I had designs on going downstairs naked and propositioning him to make love to me on the kitchen floor. Then I'd tell him about my job in the city. He'd immediately decide to come with me. Tomorrow, we'd ride off into the sunset and live happily ever after. If only it were that easy. Two big obstacles were in my way. One being Jim. For all I knew, he and my father were now an item. The other obstacle, of course, being my mother. My parents were still married. If Dad wanted to be with either me or Jim, he still had to face separating from and divorcing my mother. Here I was, again mentally getting ahead of myself. Just because Jim and Dad had sex, it didn't mean that they had decided to "go off and shop for curtains," so to speak. Men have sex with each other all the time without any emotional attachment being involved. Apparently, I wasn't one of those guys. I like to think of myself as being able to detach emotionally when necessary. But something about Dad hopping into bed with Jim the day after he told me emphatically that he's not gay and wouldn't leave my mother cut a little too deeply.

I finished drying off, walked to my room, and threw on a t-shirt and shorts. As I made my way back downstairs, I wasn't sure what to expect. I knew I needed to tell Dad what I was feeling. Unfortunately for me, I was feeling several things at once. How could I possibly convey that?

By the time I got downstairs, dinner was ready. We sat at the dining room table in silence for most of dinner. Each of us tried to have casual conversation, but each attempt didn't last very long. The tension that hung in the air weighed too heavily on both of us for there to be casual conversation. After dinner was over, I helped Dad clean off the table. After putting the dishes in the sink, Dad put his hand on my shoulder. "These can wait until later. Let's go into the living room. We can't put this off any longer. We have to talk."

As we both walked into the living room and sat down, I felt like I was walking to a firing squad. My stomach was tied in knots. I wasn't sure what to expect from this conversation, though I knew our relationship would be changed somehow after it was over. For a few moments, we looked at each other, unsure of how to start. Finally, Dad spoke.

"Harry, I realize that you saw Jim and I having sex this afternoon."

"Yeah, it was kinda hard to miss!" I interrupted. Dad ignored my snide remark.

"I owe you an explanation of what you saw."

"No, Dad. You don't. I'm a 31 year old man. I know what I saw. A picture does tell a story, after all..."

"True. But the real story isn't what you think it is."

"Oh really? Then what's the real story? Because the story I was told last night was that you aren't gay - in fact you were pretty emphatic about that point - and you wouldn't be leaving Mom to be with me. Then, I walk into this house this afternoon and find you in bed with your best friend. That tells me that it's okay for you to fool around with other men, but the idea of us being together just isn't a possibility!"

"Son, you couldn't be more wrong!"

"I don't think I'm wrong. In fact, I don't think we need to continue this conversation. There's no point!" I started to get up off of the sofa when Dad grabbed my arm.

"Sit down, Harry. You don't know the whole story of what happened between Jim and I earlier. You owe it to me to let me explain everything to you. If you respect me at all as your father, you'll let me finish the story." I sat back down on the sofa with my arms folded across my chest.

"Fine. Continue the story." I certainly wasn't going to make it easy for him to get back in my good graces.

"Jim called this morning and wanted me to meet him for lunch. With you already gone wherever it was that you went, I decided to meet him. We sat and talked for a long time, but I couldn't get out of my head the things you said at dinner last night about thinking that Jim's gay. He must've been able to tell that I had a lot on my mind, so he pressed me to tell him about it. I agreed, so we came back here. I told him about your suspicion and he confirmed that you're right."

"See! I knew it! I told you!" I felt a slight bit of vindication to know I'd been right about Jim. "So what? After he told you that he's gay, the two of you decided to hit the sheets?"

"No. It wasn't like that at all. Jim had more to tell me. He said that he hasn't discovered sex with men since Audrey's death. He told me that he's known he's gay all of his life."

"And he still married Audrey? What a scumbag!"

"That's what I said! But he told me that Audrey was gay too."

"What?!"

"I was shocked too, Son. They were in a marriage of convenience because they were both had partners, but wanted to keep up appearances for their families. After the relationships ended, life intervened and they ended up staying married until Audrey got sick and died."

"Whoa! That's pretty deep, Dad."

"I know."

"So how did you two end up in bed together?"

"I told Jim you had another suspicion about him. I told him that you thought he was attracted to me."

"I was right, wasn't I?"

"Yep. You were!"

"And that's when you decided to take him to bed and show him how a real man does it?"

"No. Not exactly. I thought back to our conversation last night. Before Jim called this morning, I'd already been thinking about it. Having sex with you felt so wonderful and so right. I know that I told you that I'm not gay. But I wanted to find out what it would be like to be with another man besides you. I figured if I had sex with Jim and hated it, I wouldn't feel so bad about pushing you away."

"Dad, that doesn't make any sense!"

"It did to me. So, I pursued things with Jim. One thing led to another and we found ourselves in bed."

I interrupted him again. A bad habit, I know. "And you loved it so much that you've decided you are gay and you're going to leave Mom so that you and Jim can live happily ever after, right?"

"You've got it partially right, Son. I loved having sex with Jim. I loved it almost as much as I loved having sex with you. I don't know what it means. I don't know if I'm bisexual or gay. But I know that I love having sex with men. But Jim and I aren't going to be together."

"Why not, if you loved being with him so much?"

"After I realized that you'd seen us together, I told him about what you and I have been doing the past few days."

I started looking around the room. "Are the decency police going to show up and arrest us for crimes against society and nature?" I couldn't help but grin. I think it broke some of the tension between us, because Dad grinned back at me.

"No. He's not going to tell anyone. He was supportive of what we have between us. He told me to go out and find you, bring you back here, and take you to bed, actually."

"Really?!" I truly was shocked. I know how Jim feels about Dad. It must've taken a lot of strength for him to step aside graciously.

"Yes. And son, if not for the fact that I know I've hurt you very deeply, that's exactly what I want to do. I want to take you up to bed and make love to you."

I started to smile. "Dad, what are you saying here?"

"Harry, I know there's a lot of unknowns right now, especially where your mother and our marriage are concerned. But if there's one thing I've realized today, it's that I love you and I want you. Us being together these past few days hasn't been a fluke. I was frantic when I found out that you had seen Jim and I having sex. It killed me to know that I'd caused you to hurt that way. I can't ever apologize enough for you having to go through that."

Suddenly, MOST of the knots in my stomach untied themselves and I began to feel more at ease. I shouldn't be so easy. I should make him work for my forgiveness. But the truth of the matter is that I loved my father too much to hold this indiscretion over his head one minute longer. "Dad, it's okay."

"No, Son. It isn't okay."

"Stop, Dad. It's really okay. And if having sex with Jim is what it took for you to realize that you want us to be together, I'm VERY okay with you having done it." I smiled at him broadly.

"Really? We're okay?"

"What do you think?" With that, I pulled him to me and we kissed. Dad pulled back after a few moments.

"You know, there's still a lot up in the air. I need to sit down with your mother and we have to talk about the state of our marriage."

"I know, Dad. I love Mom. I wouldn't ask you to drop her like a hot potato. But, you have to know that I want you. I don't want you to be married to her anymore. And if you really care for her, you shouldn't want her to stay in a marriage with someone whose heart isn't with her any longer." I brought my hand up and rubbed his cheek as he looked into my eyes.

"I know, Son." We kissed again. "God, it feels good to do that and to finally be honest with you and myself about my feelings. Let's do it some more!" Dad started to lean in, but I put my hand up to his chest. It was time for me to drop my own bombshell. I only hoped that it wouldn't ruin the progress we'd just made. "What's wrong? I thought you weren't upset anymore."

"I'm not. It's just that I've...um...I've got something to tell you. I need to tell you where I was today." Dad readjusted his sitting position on the couch and looked at me intently.

"Okay. Shoot!"

"Let me back up first. Yesterday, before we went to dinner, I got a call from an old buddy of mine that I used to work with. He told me about a job opening where he works now and wanted me to come for an interview. I wasn't going to do it, but he talked me into it."

"Thank goodness! You've been looking for work for the past few months. I'd be upset with you if you had turned down a job opportunity! I'm glad you decided to go."

"Yeah. That's where I was today. I went on the interview and, on the way home, I got a phone call from one of the people who interviewed me. They told me that they wanted to hire me and they offered me the job."

Dad got this really cute, excited look on his face. "What did you say?"

"I accepted the job offer."

"Oh Harry! That's wonderful, Son! I'm so happy for you! I've been hoping you'd find work!" He immediately threw his arms around me and pulled me into a big hug.

"Dad, there's more. This is the part you might not like. I know I'm having a tough time getting excited about it. The job is located in the city. I start on Monday. They're putting me up in a fully-furnished condo and I have to leave in two days to get settled in before I start the job."

Dad's facial expression immediately dropped. "In the city...?"

"Yeah. You know...I can call them and turn it down. I've been thinking I would, anyway."

He interrupted me. "You most certainly WILL NOT turn down the job offer! Son, is this job what you want to do?"

"Well, yes. Yes it is."

"Then you have to take it."

"But what about us? I'll be a three-hour drive away."

"If things go the way we'd like them to go, I just might be joining you in the city soon enough. And until then, we'll figure something out."

"We'd better figure something out. I don't want to be away from my hot, sexy, muscular, masculine dad any longer than I have to be." As I was talking, I reached out and rubbed my hand across his shirt covered chest. Dad's facial expression changed again...this time to a sensual, smoldering look.

"You know, we have to make up for some lost time. And since you'll be leaving in a couple days, I want you all to myself for as much of that time as possible." He pulled me toward him and we began to kiss. Our hands explored each other as our tongues slashed against each other in our mouths. We got up from the couch and began undressing each other. "Why don't we head upstairs, Baby Boy?"

"Sounds good to me, Daddy!" As we made our way to the stairs, kissing the whole time, we left a trail of clothes in our wake and began climbing the stairs to my parents' bed.

Upstairs in my parents' room, I lay naked across their bed. My hard cock stood outward, in essence pointing at my father, who stood across from the bed, undressing. All the while, we looked into each other's eyes. After our talk, it felt like Dad and I were truly on the same page. I felt a connection between us that hadn't been there before. Dad finished undressing and knelt on the bed next to me, his own hard cock pointing at me. As he moved closer to me, I reached out with both of my hands and stroked the hair on his chest, playing with his nipples. One hand slipped lower and alternated between stroking his cock and his balls. Dad reached out with one of his own hands and played with my dick. No words were spoken. None needed to be. We each seemed to know what the other wanted. After a few minutes of stroking each other, Dad lowered his body on top of mine and brought his mouth to my mouth. I wrapped my arms around his back and we began kissing passionately. Our hard cocks were trapped between us, each beginning to leak precum. Our make out session seemed to go on for close to an hour. Finally, Dad ended it by leaning back and looking into my eyes.

"Son, I want you to fuck me." He must have seen the shock register on my face, because he nodded his head.

"Dad?" Now, I know it isn't right to stereotype. In fact, as a gay man, I shouldn't stereotype any other gay men. But no matter how we fight the urge, all of us have stereotyped others at one time or another. I would never have imagined that my masculine, strapping, muscular father would be the type of man who would want to be fucked. Yet, here he was, telling me that's exactly what he wanted.

"Harry, if we're going to do this...you know, exploring a relationship, I want us to be equals. I want to know what it feels like. Hell, I may want you to do it to me on a regular basis!" He looked into my eyes and grinned. I couldn't help by smile at him. Dad sure had come a long way in just a few days. Just earlier in the week, I had to coax him out of his clothes. Now, here he was, asking me to fuck him! "So, what do you say? Will you fuck your old man, Boy?"

"You don't have to ask me twice!"

"Three times."

"What?"

"I don't have to ask you three times. I already had to ask you twice, Son." He winked at me. What a jackass! Here we were, about to have a very intimate moment, about to cross another line - one of the few lines we HADN'T crossed in the past few days - and he's teasing me! God, I love that about Dad! I playfully shoved his shoulders and we both chuckled.

"All right, stud! If you want it that bad, your son's going to fuck your brains out!"

Dad playfully bit his lip and groaned. "Yeah, Baby. I want that cock in me!" He reached into the drawer of one of the nightstands, pulled out some lube and a condom, and handed them to me. "Here. Why don't you get my ass ready and I'll use some natural lubricant to prepare your cock?" We lay on the bed in the 69 position. Dad immediately went to work on my cock. I had to wonder if he'd been practicing on hot dog wieners. He'd definitely improved his technique a lot since the first time he tried to suck it. Damn he was good! I spread some lube on my middle finger and began to tease his hole. I couldn't help but bring his cock up to my mouth. It was right there, dripping in front of my face. Who was I to turn down the chance to suck on Dad's cock a little?

After a few minutes of preparation - and having to tell Dad to slow down before he brought me over the edge - we were ready. "How do you want me, Dad?"

"I want to be on my back, so I can look in your eyes."

"Are you sure? For your first time, it might be easier if I'm on my back and you sit on me. That way, you can control the speed my cock slides in until you get used to it." I really did think that might be the best way to go for his first time getting fucked. But part of me hoped he'd agree with me because I wanted to have my hands all over his hairy chest while he bounced up and down on my cock.
