 Romeo started his new job that Friday at the salon and learned the duties of being an attendant. Essentially had was to do what the hair stylists told him. After the salon closed for the day he was to sweep and mop the floor. Also he was to be sure that all equipment was clean, sterilized and laid out for each stylist.

That Friday evening Henri came to the salon and checked up on Romeo. After the salon was closed and everyone had left, Henri steered Romeo over to one of the barber chairs and had him stand in front of it. Then Henri pulled Romeo's pants and underwear to his knees and had him kneel on the barber chair. Romeo was disappointed that Henri did not suck his cock as Romeo was dying to have his cock sucked again.

Romeo then felt Henri place a tube in his ass followed by the lubricant coating his rectum. Henri then dropped his own pants and eased his cock into Romeo's asshole. The slender 9" shaft wormed its way into Romeo and then Henri began to fuck him. Henri reached around and took a hold of Romeo's cock and jerked on it while he fucked Romeo. Romeo gasped when the hand wrapped around his tool and he knew that he would not last long before her shot his wad.

Henri slowly fucked Romeo's ass as he jerked Romeo's cock. Then Henri felt cum rush through Romeo's cock and spew all over the barber chair. The first two streams shot passed the chair and landed on the floor and the next several cum shots landed on the chair. Henri removed his hand from Romeo's cock and kept right on fucking him. Romeo stayed hard and he reached for his own cock as Henri fucked him. Henri stiffened and fired his cum into Romeo's ass coating his rectum. Romeo then came again when he felt Henri's cum shoot into him.

Henri stepped back letting his cock slip from Romeo's ass and located a nearby towel. Henri wiped off his dick and then handed the towel to Romeo who used it to clean up the best her could. Henri then pulled his pants back up, reminded Romeo not to forget to lock up and then he left. Romeo wiped himself thoroughly with the towel and then pulled his clothes back on. He used the towel to wipe off the barber chair but he neglected to wipe up the semen off the floor. Romeo then turned out the lights, locked up and headed home.

THE RITUAL CONTINUES

The next morning Michelle and Claude opened up the salon as they always did. They giggled and playfully punched each other when they spotted cum stains on the floor. Both Claude had been through the initiation phase with Henri and they knew what Romeo was going through with Henri. Eventually Henri would get bored with Romeo as he did with all the stylists but until then Michelle and Claude would find traces of semen each morning.

That Saturday Henri stopped in again after closing and once again after everyone left he fucked Romeo. This time Henri wanted Romeo completely naked on the barber chair. The chair was reclined to nearly a flat position and Romeo stretched out naked in the chair. Henri lifted Romeo's legs and lubricated his asshole then he stepped closer and slipped his cock into Romeo's ass. Henri once again fucked Romeo slowly and jerked Romeo off until he ejaculated. Henri watched as cum exploded from Romeo's cock and flew past Romeo's head onto the floor. Then the third, fourth, fifth and sixth rounds landed on Romeo covering his chest, abs and pubes. 

Henri liked watching Romeo cumming and covering his body with his own cum. Henri then decided to cum on Romeo too. He pulled his cock from Romeo's asshole and aimed it at Romeo's face. Cum spewed from Henri's cock and landed on Romeo's chest, abs and pubes. Then Henri wiped his cock on Romeo's inner thighs spreading the remaining cum around. Henri stayed hard and pushed his cock back into Romeo's ass and the scene was repeated until the both came again. They cleaned up as before and then Henri left first as Romeo got dressed, locked up and left for home.

The next week Romeo began his training at the barber school. He would be at school each day from 9:00 AM through 3:00 PM. Then he would report to the salon and work from 4:00 PM until 7:00 PM. The salon closed at 5:30 PM and Henri would arrive shortly after. Then Henri would fuck Romeo at least once and sometimes two times before he left. Henri had really gotten into cumming on Romeo's body and watching Romeo cum.

Henri would vary the positions. Some days he would fuck Romeo doggy style and cum on Romeo's ass. Henri would aim his cock at Romeo's asshole and try to shoot his load right on the anus. Then Henri would push his cock back in along with some of his cum. Henri still liked to fuck Romeo missionary style and cum on Rome's chest and abs. he loved watching Romeo's youthful discharge explode and land on the floor before it drenched Romeo's body. One evening Henri came twice on Romeo's body and Romeo came three times. Romeo was cum drenched much to the delight of Henri.

Romeo was getting more frustrated by the day as he had not had his cock in a mouth or an ass in weeks. Romeo just hoped that the ritual would not go on much longer as he was dying to fuck someone again or at least have someone suck his cock. Romeo was too nervous to ask Henri to suck him again like the first time.

ROMEO GETS SOME RELIEF

Henri's visits started to wane and he for awhile he stopped by every other day. Then the visits dropped to two days a week and then one and then none. The first day that Henri called to let Romeo know he would not be by that evening Romeo was relieved. One of the stylists, Maurice, noticed that Romeo needed a haircut and he offered to do it after the salon closed that day.

Romeo followed Maurice to the back of the salon where the shampoo sinks were located. Romeo sat down his head back as instructed as Maurice turned on the water. Maurice tested the water temperature and then he had Romeo lean back with his head in the sink. Maurice soaped Romeo's hair and washed it thoroughly. Maurice massaged Romeo's head as he shampooed it and Romeo was actually turned on by the head massage. Maurice rinsed Romeo's hair and then applied a second lathering. By the time Maurice had finished washing Romeo's hair Romeo had a raging hard-on that was very obvious in his pants. Romeo's erection did not go unnoticed by Maurice who smiled at the teenager.

Maurice then steered Romeo over to the stylist chair and went to work on Romeo's hair. As he cut Romeo's hair Maurice had a way of touching and rubbing up against Romeo that was turning Romeo on. Romeo was sure that he felt Maurice's erection against his arm on several occasions. After the first cutting Maurice rinsed Romeo's hair again and then had him sit under the hair dryer. Maurice then pleased Romeo by kneeling in front of him and removing Romeo's pants and underwear.

"This will help pass the time as you hair dries," Maurice said and then he took Romeo's cock in his mouth.

Romeo didn't answer but just closed his eyes as Maurice's lips kissed the engorged cock. Romeo's body tensed as Maurice's lips moved up and down the shaft and then Romeo gasped as Maurice's mouth engulfed his cock. 

Romeo thought to himself, "Oh this is wonderful he is going to blow me right here in the salon." Romeo was thrilled to have his cock back in someone's mouth again.

Maurice was a very good cocksucker and in no time he had Romeo ready to blow his load. Romeo tried to prolong his orgasm as long as he could. Maurice knelt on the floor and lifted Romeo in toward him. Maurice caressed the back of Romeo's legs and cheeks of his ass as Maurice's warm, wet, wonderful mouth sucked on Romeo's cock. Maurice massaged the head of Romeo's cock against the roof of his mouth. He circled Romeo's cock with his tongue and Romeo felt the light scraping of Maurice's teeth. Romeo's dick felt harder and longer than it ever felt in his life and he knew he was going to shoot soon.

Maurice took Romeo's cock out of his mouth and looked up at him as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged Romeo's bloated balls. Maurice then put it back in his mouth and took it out again then he gently blew on it as his fingers continually massaged Romeo's balls. Maurice tickled the cock head with his tongue and teased Romeo's pee slit. Maurice had Romeo close to cumming a few times. Maurice then took Romeo's cock all the way into his warm wet mouth. He swirled his tongue around the length of the shaft, nibbled on the cock head and sucked Romeo hard. Maurice reached under Romeo's balls and rubbed the hardness between his balls and anus. Romeo felt his cock thicken and he knew he was going to cum. There was no stopping Romeo this time.

Maurice grabbed Romeo's ass cheeks with both hands as Romeo exploded in his mouth. Romeo fired round after round of cum into his mouth and Maurice sucked and swallowed as fast as he could. Rope after rope of semen shot into Maurice's mouth as Romeo seemed to have an endless youthful supply. Finally the barrage subsided and Romeo stopped cumming in Maurice's mouth. Maurice sucked on the thick firm cock until he had drained every drop from Romeo's dick.

"Romeo would you like to fuck me? Would you like to stick your lovely cock in my ass?" Maurice asked as he wiggled his shapely ass in Romeo's direction. 

Maurice took off his pants and his 6" erect dick wavered in the air. He knelt on the floor and raised his ass in the air. Romeo looked at him in this position and his great looking bubble butt. Maurice reached back and lubed his asshole with lotion. Romeo saw this and then applied a generous amount of lotion to his own cock. Romeo slid out from under the hair dryer, stood behind Maurice and stared at the incredible ass that he was about to fuck. Romeo then spit on his dick making very slippery and eased into Maurice's asshole.

Romeo was gentle with him allowing Maurice to adjust to his cock. Soon he was buried to the hilt in Maurice's ass and he fucked the stylist royally. Romeo held on to the pretty twin cheeks of Maurice's ass as he fucked him thoroughly. Maurice felt Romeo tense and then fill his ass with cum. Romeo continued to fuck Maurice's ass cum backed out of his ass and ran down over Maurice's balls. Maurice fell forward onto the floor and Romeo followed him with his cock still buried in Maurice's ass. Romeo was so turned on that he remained hard and he began to fuck Maurice again. Romeo was thrilled that he was back in someone's ass again. He was so excited that he felt he could stay hard forever.

Romeo was buried balls deep in Maurice's tight asshole. Maurice was flattened on the floor face down as Romeo drove his cock deep into the bowels of his new found lover. Maurice's ass moved under Romeo but Romeo's strength and drive kept Maurice pinned under him. Romeo's buttocks clenched and unclenched as he pummeled Maurice's ass. Romeo's cock drove into Maurice and then retreated until only the head remained in Maurice's rectum. Maurice felt the shaft drive in and out of his anal passage like a piston causing him to cry out.

"Oh God your cock is so hot in my ass, so deep. Oh fuck yeah, fill me with your dick. Cum in me, I want your cum shooting in my ass again," Maurice exclaimed!

Romeo continued to fuck the shapely firm ass of his new lover driving his cock into the warm recess. Romeo sensed his orgasm building in his balls and he knew that within minutes he would cum in Maurice's hot ass. Romeo felt the pressure in his scrotum just before he unleashed a torrent of semen into the shapely firm ass underneath him. Romeo felt Maurice's anal muscles tighten around the shaft and squeeze every ounce of spunk out of it.

"Oh shit, I feel it. I love it when you cum in my ass. I love your hot seed flooding my ass," Maurice cried out, "That's what I love about you teenagers, you can cum forever!"

Maurice got up and wiped off with one of the salon towels as Romeo wiped off his cock with one as well. Maurice told Romeo to take off the rest of his clothes and that he would finish Romeo's hair while they were naked. Maurice also stripped off his remaining clothes and then went about cutting and shaping Romeo's hair. While Maurice was cutting his hair Romeo told him about Henri and the visits to the salon. Maurice told Romeo that he understood and that all of the stylists had to go through the same thing with Henri.

"I will shape your hair to make you look like a girl," Maurice said as he worked on Romeo's curly hair.

When Maurice was done with Romeo's hair he had Romeo stand up in front of the mirror as he moved another mirror around Romeo's head. Romeo's hair had been cut into a style that looked very feminine. Romeo felt Maurice's erect cock brush against his body as Maurice moved around him with the mirror. Maurice then put the mirror down and stood close behind Romeo. He reached around and cupped Romeo's tits and pressed his cock into the crack of Romeo's ass.

"I just love it that you have such hard nipples," Maurice said as he gently tweaked Romeo's nipples. 

Romeo felt his own cock getting hard again as Maurice fondled him. Romeo reached behind him and took Maurice's cock in his hand. Romeo stroked Maurice's cock and then Maurice decided it was time to fuck Romeo. Maurice, sporting a raging hard-on, pushed Romeo down on the floor face down.

"Do you know what happens to boys who wear their hair like girls? They get fucked in the ass," Maurice teased.

Maurice grabbed the lotion from his nightstand and quickly covered his cock with it. Then he pushed his rock hard cock into Romeo's ass and fucked him hard and fast. Romeo whimpered under the assault of his ass but he pushed back to try to get all of Maurice's cock in him. Maurice pounded his new friend's ass as they both raced toward an orgasm. Maurice came first and filled Romeo's ass with semen. Romeo squealed when he felt the warm liquid flood his ass. Maurice continued to fuck until his cock softened and slipped from Romeo's ass. Romeo rolled over on his back and Maurice's mouth immediately covered Romeo's cock. Maurice sucked on his cock until Romeo shot another load in Maurice's mouth.

"Oh God I'm cumming. Suck me Maurice, take it all. Oh you are so good!" Romeo exclaimed as his seed filled Maurice's mouth.

The two pretty boys lay side by side after their orgasms and held onto each other's cock. It didn't take long before they were ready to go again. Romeo and Maurice sucked each other in a 69 position and played with each other's ass. Then Romeo fucked Maurice in the ass and Maurice reciprocated by fucking Romeo in the ass again. They stayed in the salon to almost 8:00 PM and then totally drained they cleaned up, dressed and left. CLAUDE AND MICHELLE

Claude and Michelle were lovers but they also liked variety and they liked big cocks. Every so often they would visit this one theatre that showed gay movies but the real attraction were the Arabs with the big cocks who loved to fuck the French boys. The same night that Romeo and Maurice got together, Claude and Michelle went to the theatre. They entered the theatre, hugged and then went their separate ways. Claude headed for the bathroom and Michelle headed for the theatre balcony.

There was always a sign that indicated that the balcony was closed but everyone ignored it. Michelle stepped over the chain holding the sign and made his way into the balcony section. He stood in the stairwell for a few minutes to let his eyes adjust to the dim light and then he moved toward one of the rows. There were a number of people having sex and Michelle moved closer to one threesome.

A young Frenchman was kneeling on one of the seats with his head facing away from the screen. His mouth was stuffed with a big cock that belonged to a man in the row behind him. Another man stood behind with his cock in the ass of the young Frenchman. As Michelle's eyes adjusted even more he could see that the cocks were huge and dark. He knew that the two men with the big dicks were probably Algerian or Moroccan. Just then Michelle felt a hand on his shoulder.

Michelle reached back and found a very long thick cock. Michelle guessed that the cock was nine or ten inches long and at least five inches around. He stroked the cock and then he felt hands on his pants. Michelle had worn pants with an elastic top and no underwear. He felt his pants pulled down to his knees and then he felt the huge cock brush against his ass. Michelle quickly reached in his pocket and took out a tube of lubricant. He passed it to the man behind him and then waited as the stranger prepared Michelle's ass to be fucked. 

The stranger squirted an ample amount of lube into Michelle's ass and then handed the tube back to Michelle. The next thing Michelle felt was the cock head at the entrance to his asshole and the stranger's hands on his hips. Michelle tried to relax his sphincter muscles as the cock pushed into him. The stranger was relentless and he drove into Michelle with one steady stroke. Then he began to fuck Michelle slowly at first and then quicker as Michelle's ass opened up.

Just then another man climbed over the seat in front of Michelle and sat in it. He fished his big cock out and pulled Michelle's head down to suck it. Michelle had no choice in the matter and he took the big dick in his mouth. The Frenchman who Michelle had watched fucking and sucking, was now on his knees in the same row and took Michelle's cock in his mouth. Michelle knew it was the Frenchman because the Arabs, Algerians and Moroccans didn't suck cock or take it in the ass. They just came to the theatre for the pretty Frenchmen. 

The Arab was fucking Michelle with long deep strokes causing Michelle to grunt every time the cock went deep into him. Michelle continued to suck on the big cock in his mouth although he could only take about seven inches on the monster in his mouth. Michelle felt the cock in his ass swell and then cum in him. Jets of semen spewed into Michelle's ass and filled it quickly. That set Michelle over the edge and he shot his load into his countryman's mouth. Then the cock in Michelle's mouth erupted and Michelle had all he could do the keep pace with the spurting dick. He swallowed some and then let cum gather in his mouth and spit it on the floor. 

The two big cocks were gone as quickly as they had arrived probably in search of some other pretty French men. Michelle pulled up his pants and then left the balcony area. While Michelle was getting thoroughly reamed, Claude was active in the bathroom. When he first entered the bathroom he stood at the urinal and waited with his cock out. An Arab man quickly moved beside him at the next urinal and Claude watched as a big cock appeared. 

The man next to Claude stroked his cock a few times and Claude watched as it became erect. Claude looked at the man and smiled. The Arab then grabbed a hold of Claude's hand and placed it on his cock. Claude grasped the big dick his hand just fitting around the girth and stroked it for a few seconds. Then the Arab moved his head indicating that they should move to a stall. Claude followed the Arab into a stall and sat on the toilet. The Arab dropped his pants and Claude admired the impressive cock that had to be at least nine inches in length. Claude took the cock into his mouth and sucked on the thick head.

After a few minutes of cock sucking, the Arab was rock hard and ready to fuck. He pulled Claude up off the toilet and pushed him up against the door to the stall. He grabbed Claude's pants and yanked them down to his ankles. Like Michelle, Claude had worn pants with an elastic waistband and no underwear. Claude frantically fished the lube out of his pocket and passed it back to the Arab. Claude felt a thick finger lubricate his ass and then it was replaced by the monster cock. 

The Arab pressed forward pinning Claude against the stall door and reamed Claude's ass. He fucked Claude rapidly and did not let Claude move. Claude's own erection was sandwiched between his body and the stall door. The Arab eventually came in Claude's ass and filled it with semen. Claude felt every jet shoot into him and then he felt wetness on his belly. He then realized that he had cum between his belly and the stall door. 
