 Tre and Romeo were silent.

"Well is somebody going to say something." Candi said. 

They just stared at her. 

"Well since y'all can't speak, Tre can you atleast put your dick back in your pants." Candi said. 

Tre pulled his pants up and walked out. So now Romeo and Candi were just staring at each other. 

"So how long have this been going on Romeo." Candi said.

"Can we talk about something else Candi." He said.

"Are you fucking serious, I just walked into my best friend with his mouth on a dick, and you want to talk about something else. Nope fuck that." Candi said.

"Okay Candi, this been going on since the party." He said.

"That's why he asked you to get the drinks with him?" Candi asked.

"I guess, but while we was in the elevator Tre told me that he already knew about me liking him." He said. 

"So, he's gay?" Candi asked.

"Listen you should talk to him about this not me." He said.

Taking that to heart, she decided to leave and go to Tre's dorm. Tre heard a knock on the door. When he opened the door he tried to close it, but Candi pushed the door and walked in.

"Hey Tre." Candi said.

"Hi Candi." He said nervously.

"So Tre I can see your uncomfortable, so I'm going to come right out and say it. Are you gay?" Candi asked.

Tre just looked at her and shook his head.

"Candi this have to be a secret." Tre said.

"Ok, better not fuck shit up, and Tre you can talk to me about anything." Candi said. 

Tre gave her a hug, and Candi was on her way out the door until his roommate Jacob came in. 

"Hello, sir." Candi said.

"The name is Jacob, what about you sexy." Jacob said.

"Well my name is Candi." She said.

Candi decided to stay, and hang with Jacob. While they were talking Tre decided to text Romeo.

Tre: Hey

Romeo: Thank god you texted.

Tre: So freshie did she come earlier then she was expected or...

Romeo: She was suppose to be there at 7. What's the "or" for? 

Tre: Nothing, just drop it.

Romeo: Please don't think I set you up, if I knew she was coming I wouldn't have put my mouth on your dick.

Tre: Lol, awe okay. Good thing she stopped us.

Romeo: What? Why?

Tre: Lol, cause Freshie you were going to hurt yourself. 

Romeo: Lmao, no I was going to be fine. Real niggas don't choke.

Tre: Lmao.. They don't, so they must swallow then, right?

Romeo: -________-

Tre: Lmao, it's okay Freshie.

Romeo: What did you tell Candi?

Tre: Nothing really, she just asked was I gay, and not to fuck with your heart. 

Romeo: :) 

Tre: Lol, but she still over here -___-

Romeo: Lol, why.

Tre: Cause my roommate.

Romeo: Lmao, ttyl.

It reached 8 and Candi decided to leave.

"See you later, sexy." Jacob said.

One month later.

So far, Tre and Romeo have been able to still hide their relationship, but they have yet to have sex. Candi and Jacob are in love more then ever. 

It was Friday, so Tre and Candi decided to switch dorms for the weekend so they could be with their boyfriends.

"Y'all be good little boys okay." Candi said on her way out the door.

After Candi left, Tre decided to grab Romeo by his hips and starting making out with him. After ten minutes of making out he pushed Romeo on the bed. Tre was on top taking off Romeo's clothes, and Romeo was on the bottom unbuckling Tre's pants.

"Awe you trying get to the dick." Tre chuckled. 

Romeo smiled and pushed Tre so that he ended up on the bottom. 

"Damn." Tre said.

Romeo started to pull of Tre's jeans, and then he pulled of his underwear, which revealed Tre's hard, big, and thick dick. It's been awhile since Romeo saw it, so he decided to slowly jerk Tre's dick; he let out a few moans. After five minutes of this, Romeo continued to still jerk it, but then he started to lick around the tip, which caused Tre moans to get a little louder. Minutes later Romeo took his hand off and started using his mouth, as Tre's moans got louder, Romeo sped up the pace of the sucking. Then Romeo decided to deepthroat, his first attempt failed as he started choking before he could. To make him feel more comfortable Tre decided to kiss him, after the kiss Romeo tried again and succeeded with the help of Tre's hand. As Tre was holding Romeo's head down, his moans were getting loud, and made Romeo dick get a little harder. An hour later they were done.

"Woah! Freshie that was good." Tre said.

Romeo smiled, but he gave Tre a certain look, and Tre knew what that look meant.

"Wait, so you want to fuck." Tre said.

"Yeah, I do." Romeo said nervously.

"You sure you ready for this." Tre said.

Romeo nodded a started kissing Tre.

The whole time Romeo was giving Tre a blow job, Candi and Jacob were fucking.

"Awe shit, I'm about to cum." Jacob said.

After Jacob was done cumming he kissed Candi and pulled his dick out to take off a condom that wasn't there...