 "Well, tell me why would I be setting you up?" Tre said.

"I don't know, I just wanna make sure." Romeo said.

"Well, if you must know I'm on the DL." Tre said.

Romeo just nodded and to break the awkwardness Tre kissed him and it turned into another making out session. 

"You want me to stop?" Tre said.

Romeo was thinking if they continue to make out then that means they might end up having sex and he wasn't sure if he wanted that or not.

"No!" Romeo shouted.

Tre took the "no" to heart, and then Tre took his shirt off and then Romeo took Tre's shirt off. They were rolling around in the bed then Tre unbuckled Romeo's pants. 

"Somebody seems happy." Tre said. 

Romeo blushed and as soon as you knew it they switched positions. Now Romeo was on top. Romeo started to kiss down Tre's body starting with the nipples, which caused Tre to let out a few moans. Then Romeo made his way down his abs, then to his belly button, but then it hit him. When he got to the buckle he got scared, he knows it will lead to him giving him a blow job to actual sex.

"You okay, Freshie?" Tre chuckled.

Romeo didn't know what to say, he felt like they made it this far he should continue. He didn't want to ruin his only chance, but he knew that he didn't want to lose his virginity yet.

"I'm sorry Tre." Romeo said nervously.

Tre laughed. "I guess you never did this before." Tre said. 

"Yeah, I'm a virgin." Romeo said.

"Awh, that's cute." Tre chuckled.

Tre gave him his shirt and pants; and Tre put on his shirt. He smiled at Romeo and then gave him a peck.

"You wanna sit here a cuddle for a while." Tre said.

Romeo nodded his head with a smile. After cuddling for like thirty minutes they both got tired and went to sleep. When Romeo woke up it was 5, so he gave Tre a kiss on the cheek and left. On his way to his dorm he bumped into Tre's roommate Jacob.

Jacob is also a football player at GSU, and a senior. He is a chocolate color with a nice muscular build. His face is average and he has brown eyes. But, he is a homophobe, and not the nicest person.

"Watch where the fuck you going." Jacob said angrily.

"Sorry." Romeo said nervously.

"I know your faggot ass sorry." Jacob said angrily.

Romeo just put in his headphones and keep walk; he knew if he didn't then things could get ugly and he didn't want that. He arrived at his dorm and Candi gave him a look.

"Where the hell you been boy?" Candi said.

"I was just walking around GSU and stuff." Romeo said.

"You did that for three hours?" Candi said.

"Maybe." Romeo said.

"You s mess." Candi said. 

So for the rest of the day Romeo did homework and he studied. While Candi went out to a party with a group of girls. At nine he got a text message.

Tre: Hey freshie

Romeo: Hi :)

Tre: A smiley face, huh? I always be making you happy.

Romeo: Lol, you do.

Tre: You wanna see something?

Romeo: Wym.

Tre: *new picture message*

Romeo couldn't believe it, Tre sent him a picture of him in his underwear, the bulge was so big. It instantly made Romeo hard, and put a smile on his face.

Romeo: You trying make me feel some type of way?

Tre: Maybe ;) You like?

Romeo: I love.

Tre: Lmao, Oh Freshie, but I'll ttyl. Goodnight.

Romeo: Goodnight :)

After they were done texting he just laid there on his bed with a smile on his face. He couldn't believe he got the picture, he couldn't believe he actually got to be in bed with him. So it was Sunday and Romeo wanted to spend today with Tre as well. He decided to text him.

Romeo: Good morning!

Tre: Good morning to you too, freshie.

Romeo: So, like I'm trying to see you today. 

Tre: Lmao, Oh freshie. I knew you were going to say something like this.

Romeo: Lol, but can I.

Tre: I got practice until 3. So I see if we got time after that.

Romeo: Yayyy!!

Tre: *new picture message*

Once again Tre made Romeo feel some type of way. This time he had a towel wrapped around him with his bulge sticking out.

Romeo: :)

Romeo decided to do work since tomorrow was Monday and he needed to pass time. It was 4 and Romeo was getting worried that he wouldn't spend time with him, but then he heard a knock on the door. Romeo went to the door and opened it to see that it was Tre.

"You're smiling so hard." Tre chuckled.

He was in a wife beater and jogging pants and was just turning Romeo on. So he decided to grab Tre's dick and started kissing him. Tre loved the aggression he grabbed Romeo's ass then pushed him on the bed. Then it switched to Romeo being on the top; he took of Tre's shirt and went down to his pants. He pulled down Tre's pants finding a big bulge in his underwear. Romeo was in shock.

"Freshie you scared?" Tre chuckled. 

To show Tre he wasn't he pulled Tre's dick out and started to put his mouth on it. 

"Woah!" Tre said.

Romeo smiled and started to lick around the tip, but as soon as you knew it the door opened.

"WHAT THE FUCK!?" Candi yelled.