 "Candi..." Jacob said nervously.

Candi just stared at Jacob; they both had nothing to say.

"I'm pregnant." Candi said holding back tears.

"Wait; now let's not jump to conclusions." Jacob said.

"What the fuck! Are you serious! You nutted in me! What else can I be?" Candi yelled.

"Hey calm down lil mama, we're going to think as positive as possible. " Jacob said.

"Really Jacob, it's easy for you to think positive, because you're not the one pregnant." Candi said. 

"You're not pregnant!" Jacob shouted. 

Candi just didn't have any more words to say. She just decided to shower and change to her pajamas and just hope for the best, but in the meanwhile Romeo is on his way to losing his virginity. 

Romeo was lying on his back; Tre gave him a little smirk and started to insert his dick, as soon as the tip went in Romeo pushed Tre's body.

"Don't be afraid." Tre chuckled.

Romeo started to blush, he was so embarrassed. 

"Hey, freshie its okay, it's your first time. Just relax and let me put in work." Tre said.

Now its round two, Tre went to go insert his dick again, but this time Romeo let out a deep exhale. Tre lowered his body, now his abs were touching Romeo's abs. Tre started off slow, Romeo grabbed his back and started to moan. Moments later Tre sped up the pace, which Romeo couldn't take. Along with him moaning louder and moaning Tre's name, he was also scratching Tre's back. Tre pulled out and now Romeo was lying on his stomach. Tre again insert slowly, and started at a slow pace and later on moving to a faster pace. Romeo moans were louder than before, with curse words coming out and Tre's name as well. Now in doggy position, Tre decided to surprise Romeo by starting off in a fast pace. Romeo hollered and fell to the bed. 

"Don't run from the dick now." Tre said.

Romeo got back in position and Tre started putting in work. Since this was Tre's favorite position he just started going in. There was never a time when Romeo wasn't moaning or yelling Tre's name at one point a few tears even rolled down his face. Tre pulled out to bust a thick nut all over Romeo's abs. He then kissed Romeo, and gave him a smile. He went to Romeo's ear and whispered "You did a good job." That caused Romeo to smile, and he gave Tre a kiss. They went to go take a shower to clean off; the shower became a make out session. They helped each other dry off and Tre carried Romeo to the bed, they snuggled. While both being in commando a few hours later they went to sleep. Much better experience then the one Candi and Jacob had. 

Eventually, the weekend came to an end. Candi decided to leave early in the morning because she and Jacob have not been on good terms. Tre and Romeo were up as usually just kissing each other. 

There was a knock at the door.

"Might, be Candi." Tre said.

Tre opened the door to see Candi face and knew he had to start packing up.

"How was it you guys." Candi said.

"Well his ass still hurt, it's hard for him to sit and walk, and my back hurts like hell." Tre chuckled.

"Oh my god is this true." Candi said while laughing.

"Yeah, dick was just too bomb Candi." Romeo said laughing. 

They all spent the next few minutes laughing while Tre was packing.

Tre gave Romeo a kiss; gave Candi a hug, and left. Candi had a lot on her mind and a lot to tell Romeo, she trusts him the most out of anybody. 

"Can I talk to you?" Candi asked.

"Of course best friend you don't have to ask." Romeo said.

"Well okay, it's a lot so I just want you to listen." Candi said.

Romeo nodded. 

"Well Jacob and I came to a realization that we didn't use a condom after he pulled out. When he nutted he thought he did it in the condom, but like what I said earlier he didn't have it on. I went into complete panic mode, like think about it how can you stay calm in a situation like that. He was just telling me to calm down and we were yelling at each other. That makes me sad, for a couple good reasons. First, this is a time that we need to stick together and be together, there's a good chance I'm pregnant. Second, if I am pregnant, that's stress on the baby, and I don't want to hurt my baby. It's just one thing that really upset and scared me was on Saturday we got into a heated argument about the pregnancy and he smacked me so hard..." Candi said while being interrupted.

"He hit you!" Romeo shouted.

"Best friend calm down." Candi said.

"No, that's not okay. You need to separate yourself from him now." Romeo said. 

"I know best friend but now is not the time, I could be having his baby within the next nine months." Candi said.

"I don't give a fuck!" Romeo shouted.

Candi just looked at him, even though she was mad at Romeo for saying that she knew he was right. 

Two months later.

Candi and Jacob were at the doctor waiting for the results. 

"Hopefully you're not pregnant." Jacob said.

"Hopefully I am so you can stop hitting me you pussy ass nigga." Candi shouted.

Jacob grabbed Candi's jaw.

"Who the fuck you think you're talking too, Bitch!" Jacob yelled. 

Candi got quiet and a few minutes later the doctor came in.

And her results was...