 "Congratulations, you're pregnant." Doctor said.

At this moment, Candi didn't know how to feel or how to think. She wasn't sure if this is what she wanted, she's twenty, and still in college. She started to think about all the options.

"Oh, really? I couldn't be happier." Candi said with false excitement. 

The doctor took a pause, and with the pause Jacob decided to speak.

"Do you know how far along she is, Doc?" Jacob asked. 

"She is currently eight weeks, and in about seven to eight more weeks, you will be able to find out about the sex of the baby." Doctor said. 

"Thanks sir, this is all we'll need for today." Jacob said.

The doctor showed Jacob, and Candi the door, and they left. On their way back to GSU, Candi decided to tell Jacob about what she wanted to do with the baby.

"I think we should give it up for adoption." Candi said nervously. 

Jacob looked at her for some minutes.

"Adoption? I was hoping you would have said another "a" word." Jacob said.

Candi had a disgusted look on her face.

"Wait what! No way am I getting an abortion!" Candi exclaimed.

Jacob laughed.

"So you are keeping this baby?" Jacob asked.

"Of course!" Candi exclaimed. 

Jacob looks at her, and slaps her across her face, then Candi grabs her face, she looks up at Jacob and says nothing. They came across a red light, and when Candi looked around she realized; they weren't that far from GSU, just about five minutes away. Without any notice, she unbuckles her seatbelt, unlocks the door and runs out the car, not looking back nor closing the door behind her. 

"What the fuck is this bitch doing?" Jacob thought. 

Suddenly she turns the corner and runs into a local store, therefore Jacob can't find her. She's trying to hold back tears due to the fact; she's in front of tons of people. She decides to walk around in the store for ten more minutes, and then head back to GSU. Meanwhile, Jacob didn't even care to find her; he just drove back to GSU. 

Candi arrives to the dorm all hysterical.

"What's wrong?" Romeo asked.

"I'm pregnant! What am I going to do, Jacob doesn't want to keep it and I don't want to be with Jacob." Candi said in tears. 

"That's the problem, you have to let Jacob go, and not everyone grows up in a two-parent home, just let go." Romeo said.

Candi sat there and thought about it. She realized Romeo made a good point. She just wanted to stay with Jacob due to the fact; her mother and father were always in her life and home. Candi wiped her tears and looked at Romeo.

"You're right; the only thing making this situation worse is Jacob, I need to let him go." Candi said.

Romeo smiled, and with that Candi took a sigh of relief and changed the subject.

"It's been forever since we had a conversation about you and Tre, how are y'all?" Candi said.

For the past two months Romeo and Tre have been off and on, due to the hectic football schedule of Tre's and have only had sex one time after Romeo's first time.

Romeo looked as if he was about to cry.

"Well, I haven't spoken to him in two weeks." Romeo said.

"Oh Rome, don't get emotional. Are you guys on good terms?" Candi asked.

"I guess, just this football schedule has been keeping Tre busy, but thank god it will end after Thanksgiving Break." Romeo said.

"Yay! That's good, so what about the last time he gave you some dick?" Candi asked. 

Romeo started to laugh. 

"Well, about four weeks ago." Romeo said.

"Jesus, you're dick deprived." Candi chuckled.

XXXXXXXXXXX 1 Week Later XXXXXXXXXXX

After three weeks of not speaking to Tre, and Thanksgiving Break starting within the next two days, he decides to call Tre, after Tre didn't answer, he decides to go to Tre's dorm. Romeo goes to Tre's dorm and knocks on the door, and what do you know, Jacob opens the door.

"What the fuck, why are you here?" Jacob asked. 

Romeo was silent at first.

"Speak bitch nigga." Jacob commanded.

"Is Tre here?" Romeo asked.

"Why do you want to know?" Jacob asked rudely.

"Listen, I don't care about Candi and your relationship, but you're not going to sit here and be rude to me." Romeo commanded. 

Jacob looked at Romeo real quick, and then started to choke him. As Romeo gasped for air and tried to punch Jacob; Tre was coming down the hall and saw what Jacob was doing to Romeo. Tre runs down the hall and punches Jacob on his side. 

"What the fuck!" Jacob yelled.

"Just calm down man, go back in the dorm." Tre said.

At this moment Jacob jumped at Romeo and went back in.

"Thanks." Romeo said.

"No problem, but what are you doing here." Tre said.

"You don't sound one bit of happy." Romeo said.

"Man, just tell me why you are here." Tre said.

Romeo was a little hurt by the way Tre was talking to him.

"I wanted to see you." Romeo said nervously.

Tre didn't know what to say; of course he wanted to see Romeo too, but football's schedule, and the fact of him being on the DL, interfered with that. 

"Listen, you know how I feel about you, but can us not talk about this right now." Tre said. 

Romeo didn't know what to do, so he hugged him and by surprise Tre didn't push Romeo off.

"I love you." Tre whispered.

Romeo paused...