 "Cat got your tongue." Tre chuckled.

"Um... I'm confused." Romeo said nervously.

"No need, I be catching you staring at me." Tre said.

"I'm still confused." Romeo said nervously.

"Listen freshie its okay, I rather you admit then to hide it." Tre said.

"I mean I do stare but not in that type of way." Romeo said nervously.

"Really, well your dick doesn't feel the same way." Tre chuckled.

Romeo didn't know what to do but confess, the bulge in his pants made it too obvious.

Okay, listen I do like you but you're a footb... before Romeo could finish his sentence Tre kissed him on the lips. After one kiss it turned into a making out session. After ten minutes of tonguing each other down the elevator finally opened. 

"Well lets go to my car." Tre said with a smile.

Romeo was speechless he couldn't believe what he dreamed about actually happened. He just followed Tre to his car. 

"Hey freshie there is a pack of Pepsi in the passenger's seat." Tre said.

Romeo followed the command without saying a word.

"I would ask you to drop the Pepsi and get in the backseat, but that kiss got you speechless." Tre chuckled.

They were on their way back to Tre's dorm. So on the elevator ride up Tre gave Romeo a little peck on the lips. Romeo still was silent, still in complete shock. When the elevator opened they went to Tre's dorm and continued partying. 

"Rome you been siting here for like an hour, come dance." Candi said.

Romeo didn't respond

"ROMEO!" She shouted.

"Sorry, something been on my mind." Romeo said.

"Okay, we'll talk about it later but for right now let's dance." She said.

So he decided to dance with Candi for the rest of the night. So at 1 A.M. Candi and Romeo decided to leave and go back to their dorm. When they got back to the dorm they both decided to get some rest. It was Saturday and when Romeo woke up all he could think about is Tre kissing him. He didn't have a number, and he didn't want to go to his dorm because of Tre having a roommate. So he waited until Candi was up so he can ask her about his social media information. He waited an hour and she finally awakens. He waited a few minutes for her to get settle the he asked. 

"Good Morning Candi, can I ask you something?" Romeo said.

"Good Morning to you too, and what do you want peanut head?" Candi said.

Romeo started to laugh.

"I wanted to know the name to Tre's social media things." Romeo said.

"I see, so we stalking now?" Candi chuckled. "No." Romeo chuckled.

Candi gave him Tre's Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter. Romeo grabbed his IPhone and started to follow him on the social medias. So since Tre was on twitter when Romeo decided to follow him, Tre sent him a direct message.

Tre: Hey, freshie. Romeo: Oh, hi. Tre: So the kiss must've been nice, huh? Romeo: Ummm... Why you say that. Tre: Lol, cause you found my Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter account. Romeo: Ummm... Tre: Lol, freshie you funny. But come by my dorm around 2 P.M. Romeo: Okay!

Romeo was excited he couldn't wait to 2 o'clock got here. He wanted to tell Candi so bad but he knows if Tre is gay, he is trying to keep it a secret. 

"Damn boy, you smiling pretty hard." Candi said.

"Shut up." Romeo chuckled.

Some hours later he saw that it was ten minutes to 2, so he decided to leave his dorm and be on his way. It took him about five minutes to get to Tre's dorm. He knocked on the door; Tre opened it with a smile.

"I knew you were going to get here early." Tre chuckled.

Romeo just smiled and walked into Tre's dorm. When Romeo entered Tre grabbed him by the waist and started to kiss him which led to making out again. In Romeo head he was nervous because he knew there was a bed and it could escalate quickly. Even though he thought that he continued to make out with Tre. So five minutes into it Tre pushed him on the bed, and now Tre was on top of him. This surprised Romeo; he was a virgin this has never happened to him. So Romeo decided to push Tre off of him. 

"What's wrong." Tre said.

"I'm sorry I got nervous." Romeo said.

"It's okay freshie, I guess we can stop but you have soft lips." Tre said.

Romeo started to blush.

"Well thank you." Romeo said.

Tre smiled and then he turn the TV on, and ten minutes into the show they was watching Romeo decided to ask him a question.

"Can I ask you something?" Romeo said.

"What is it freshie?" Tre said.

"I'm confused on this situation, are you straight, bi, gay or setting me up?" Romeo said.

Tre took a pause...