 ROMEO ACCEPTS MARCEL'S OFFER

Romeo slept at the salon the night that he had been evicted form his home. He knew that he had no chance to go back home as his father would never let him return. The next morning Romeo freshened up at the salon and then headed to the barber school. He would return later that day to work at the salon and by then he hoped that he would have found a place to stay.

At the barber school Romeo confided in Marcel, the owner of the school. Marcel told Romeo that he could stay at Marcel's house that night and he would try and work something out for Romeo. Marcel smiled to himself as he thought about the possibilities. Romeo was thrilled that Marcel would help him and allow him to stay at his house that night.

Marcel had always been attracted to Romeo and he knew that Romeo was gay. Marcel liked the feminine qualities that Romeo possessed and he thought that Romeo looked as much like a girl as a young man. Marcel had always been attracted to effeminate gays and he liked to fuck the young female impersonators. Many of them had come to his salon to get their hair done and ended up with Marcel's cock in their ass. Marcel did not consider himself gay since he still dated and had sex with women but there was something about a fucking a ladyboy, as he called them, that he liked. 

Marcel also liked filling their pretty mouths with his cum and he was already looking forward to the evening with Romeo. Marcel studied Romeo and he was convinced that Romeo would make a beautiful ladyboy. Marcel decided that he would make an offer to Romeo that Romeo could stay with Marcel and be his personal ladyboy. Marcel would enjoy helping Romeo with his transformation into a ladyboy.

That evening Romeo finished his duties at the salon, locked up and made his way to Marcel's house. Romeo was impressed with Marcel's home and hoped that there was some way that he could stay there for awhile. Marcel showed Romeo to the guest bedroom and then he prepared dinner for both of them. After dinner they sat in the living room sipping a glass of wine when Marcel made his offer to Romeo.

"Romeo, I have been thinking that there is a way for you to stay with me if you would like," Marcel began and then added, "But there are some conditions."

"I would love to stay here," Romeo said enthusiastically but at the same time anxious to learn about the conditions.

"Romeo, I am not gay but I like to fuck effeminate young men like you. I know that you are gay and I think that you are very pretty and would make a beautiful lady boy."

"A ladyboy," Romeo questioned.

"Yes, I want you to become my personal ladyboy. You are familiar with the female impersonators at the theatre. Well many of them become ladyboys. They try to look like women and they take female hormones to help with their transformation," Marcel explained.

"You want me to become a woman," Romeo asked uncertainly.

"Yes, I will provide you with the hormones, the clothing and I will style your hair to look like a woman. You will become my lover and you will suck my cock and I will fuck you. However I am not interested in cock so you may seek your relief from your gay associates. I may jerk you off sometimes when I am fucking you but if you want your cock sucked or you wish to fuck someone, you will need to find someone else."

"Romeo, are those conditions acceptable to you?" Marcel asked.

Romeo thought about the conditions quickly. He actually liked the idea of becoming more feminine looking and that it may lead to a future as a female impersonator. He knew that he could still party with the other stylists at the salon so he decided to accept Marcel's offer.

"Yes Marcel, I accept your offer," Romeo replied.

"Good then let's seal the deal with a good blow job. Romeo come over here and suck my cock for me," Marcel directed.

Romeo did not hesitate in fact he was anxious to see Marcel's cock. He knelt down in front of Marcel, unbuckled his belt, unzipped his fly and tugged the pants and underwear down Marcel's legs. Marcel's impressive cock leaped out and Romeo stared at large organ in its erect state. Marcel's cock was long, at least nine inches and it was thick over five inches around. Romeo thought about the big cocks he had handled at the theatre and compared them to Marcel's cock which easily rivaled them. Romeo took the big dick in his hand and licked up and down the shaft. Marcel groaned with desire as Romeo's pretty mouth engulfed Marcel's cock head. 

Romeo moved the skin back and forth over the cock head and playfully tongued Marcel's dick. Romeo liked playing with the uncut cock and he loved skinning it back. The foreplay had Marcel on the edge so he grabbed Romeo's head and pulled it toward his cock. Romeo took as much as he could in his mouth and he continually tested his gag line as his head bobbed up and down. Romeo swirled his tongue around the smooth cock in his mouth and he was rewarded with Marcel's milky discharge. 

Marcel held Romeo's head gently in his hand as his body stiffened and he ejaculated into Romeo's mouth. Six ropes of semen bounced off the back of Romeo's throat as Marcel's cock spewed its load. Romeo swallowed each rope and prepared to receive the next one as Marcel spurted in Romeo's mouth. Romeo then sucked on the large swollen cock until it had been drained of every drop and began to soften in his mouth. Marcel stroked Romeo's curly hair as Romeo sucked the cock dry and played with it in his mouth. Then Marcel pushed Romeo away and looked down and smiled at him.

"That was a marvelous blow job Romeo and I will look forward to many more. Now let us get undressed and go to my bed," Marcel said softly.

Minutes later Romeo and Marcel were naked in Marcel's bed. Romeo was on all fours with his head down on the mattress as Marcel applied oil to Romeo's anus. Marcel loved fingering the cute asses of the lady boys and he took particular pleasure in preparing Romeo's ass for a good fucking. Romeo looked good on all fours with his cute round firm ass in the air. Marcel took his time with Romeo's preparation as he loved sticking his fingers in Romeo's ass. Romeo just cooed as his ass was prepared for Marcel's big cock and he was glad that Marcel was greasing his asshole thoroughly.

Then Marcel applied plenty of lube to his own cock and moved it to the entrance to Romeo's ass. Marcel pushed forward with one steady motion and watched as his cock disappeared into Romeo's passage. Marcel was pleased that his cock went in with very little effort and filled Romeo ass. Romeo could feel Marcel's pubic hairs as the large shaft filled Romeo's rectum. Marcel held still for a moment allowing Romeo to adjust to the anal intrusion and then he slowly began to fuck Romeo. 

Romeo grunted a little as he was surprised with the size of Marcel's cock. It was clearly one of the largest cocks that had been in his ass. Marcel fucked Romeo slowly in an attempt to prolong his ejaculation and savor every second that his cock was buried in the shapely ass. Romeo groaned as Marcel fucked him slowly and then he ejaculated without even touching his cock. Romeo clenched his anal muscles when he came which increased the tightness around Marcel's cock. Marcel then lost it and shot a barrage of cum deep into Romeo's rectum. Marcel left his cock in Romeo's ass and he stayed hard, Marcel continued fucking Romeo until he came again. This time Marcel reached around and stroked his Romeo's cock. Romeo came twice again in Marcel's hand before Marcel filled Romeo's ass a second time. Marcel liked giving Romeo a reach around and he referred to Romeo's cock as his clit.

Afterward Romeo went to his own bed and Marcel stayed in his bed. Marcel thought about the process he would use to transform Romeo into a lady boy. He would take his time with Romeo as he didn't want to scare him with the transformation. In due time, Romeo would become Romee at least in Marcel's house. Marcel would buy dress up clothes for Romee and he would be dressed like a girl when in the house. Eventually Marcel would take Romee out as if they were on a date. Marcel would style Romee's hair and feed him female hormones. Marcel knew that eventually Romee would develop breasts. In the other bedroom Romeo lay in bed thinking that he was probably going to enjoy his stay with Marcel. Romeo and Marcel drifted off and fell into a deep sleep. 

Marcel was back in the morning and he fucked Romeo again in bed. Then he took Romeo into the shower and soaped his body. Marcel then fucked Romeo's ass in the shower as he gave him another reach around. Marcel liked watching Romeo shoot and seeing his cum bounce off the shower wall. Then Marcel filled Romeo's ass with his seed one more time. Later when they were cleaned up and dressed, they sat around the breakfast table and Marcel told Romeo about his experiences with the lady boys in Paris. He told Romeo that he would become Romee and wear girl's clothes while they were in Marcel's house. Romeo was intrigued by the idea and he was somewhat curious about wearing women's underwear. Marcel was convinced that Romeo would become a perfect lady boy. After breakfast they went to the barber school. Romeo only had another week of training before he would become a stylist. Then he would be working as a stylist at the salon instead of an attendant. Romeo wondered who Henri would recruit for the next attendant and what he would look like.

ROMEO BONDS WITH OTHER STYLISTS

It was Romeo's first week working as a stylist at the salon. Henri had not found another attendant yet so the stylists had to clean up before they went home. Romeo had adjusted to his new life style and he actually enjoyed dressing like a woman and playing games with Marcel. Romeo recently wore a cocktail dress complete with a bra, panties, stockings and garters. Marcel had gotten so excited that he fucked Romeo in the ass twice. Romeo or Romee as Marcel like to call him, knelt over the arm of the sofa with his skirt up around his waist and his panties pulled down to his knees. Marcel fucked Romee's ass and remained hard after cumming the first time so he fucked Romee again cumming a second time without ever removing his cock.

Romeo, although he enjoyed being Marcel's ladyboy, missed having his cock sucked and fucking a curvy ass. One night he stayed to clean up the salon with Claude and Michelle. At one point Claude dropped his pants, sat in one of the barber chairs and began to stroke his cock.

"Romeo you haven't had this in awhile. Would you like to suck it?" Claude asked the boy.

Romeo acted shyly but replied, "Yes I would very much so."

"Well then why don't you get started," Claude said with a smile.

Romeo moved over to Claude's barber chair and got between his legs. Romeo took Claude's semi hard cock in his hand and guided it toward his mouth. He began to kiss and suck on Claude's dick causing it to grow to a full erect state. Romeo liked it when Claude's cock stiffened in his hand. He took as much as Claude's cock in his mouth as he could without gagging. Romeo held Claude's cock with one hand and fondled his balls with his other hand as he bobbed up and down on the impressive member.

Michelle unfastened Romeo's pants and let them fall to his ankles. Then he pulled Romeo's silk panties down his legs. Michelle started caressing Romeo's butt cheeks and then tickled his bung hole. Romeo shivered with desire as he felt Michelle's finger graze his asshole. Michelle took some cream and worked it into the crack of Romeo's ass and then he started to finger fuck him. Michelle slowly worked his finger in and out of the teenager's rectum coating it with cream. Michelle then added a second finger and Romeo cooed on Claude's cock as he felt the pleasant intrusion in his ass. Michelle knew that Romeo enjoyed the anal penetration as he readied Romeo for his cock.

Michelle knelt behind Romeo on the floor and eased his hard cock into the boy's ass. He loved watching the aperture open up to accommodate his well lubed dick. Romeo sighed as Michelle's cock went all the way into his ass and he felt Michelle's pubic hair against his ass cheeks. Romeo enthusiastically sucked Claude's cock as Michelle slowly fucked his ass and he felt he was in heaven with these two young lovers. Romeo felt Claude's balls tighten and he knew that it wouldn't be long before he was rewarded with Claude's cum in his mouth.

Romeo was a very good cock sucker and Claude had no trouble cumming in his mouth. Claude's body tensed for a second and then he fired his load into the boy's mouth. Romeo swallowed as quickly as he could as cum shot into his mouth bouncing off the back of his throat and filling his mouth. He felt like he was drinking from a fire hose as Claude's ejaculation seemed endless. Claude finally stopped cumming and he relaxed as Romeo continued to suck his cock draining it of all the juice. Claude stroked the boy's head in a gesture that signaled he was pleased with Romeo's performance.

Michelle had been slowly fucking Romeo as Romeo concentrated on Claude's cock. Watching Romeo suck his lover's cock dry drove Michelle to his brink and he came in the boy's ass. Romeo felt the warm sperm enter his ass and coat his rectal passage. He loved it when someone came in his ass and he wiggled his bottom in response to Michelle's fucking. Romeo squeezed his cheeks together and used his anal muscles to milk Michelle's cock dry of cum. Michelle kept his cock in the teenager's ass until it softened and slipped out with an audible pop.

Romeo rolled over on his back and reached for his throbbing hard cock. Michelle leaned over and took Romeo's hand off his cock and covered it with his mouth. Romeo was thrilled when Michelle began to suck his cock. He had had plenty of hand jobs lately from Marcel but that was all. He wondered if Michelle would let him cum in his mouth again. Romeo didn't have to wonder too long because he felt his load building in his balls.

"I'm going to cum," Romeo called out alerting Michelle.

Michelle just kept on sucking the boys cock and when he grasped Romeo's testicles that sent Romeo over the edge. Romeo's body went rigid as he blasted an enormous load of teenage cum into Michelle's mouth. Romeo was pleased when Michelle swallowed every drop of his seed. Michelle sucked Romeo until he was dry and went soft in his mouth.

"That was incredible. It was my first blow job in over a week," Romeo gasped.

"Well good, I'm glad you enjoyed it," Michelle replied and then said, "Rest up and then I will let you fuck me. You would like that wouldn't you?" 

"Oh yes I haven't done that either in over a week!" exclaimed Romeo.

Romeo couldn't believe his good fortune working with these two men and now Michelle was going to let Romeo fuck him. They rested for a short while and then Michelle told Romeo to lube up his ass while Michelle sucked Claude's cock. Michelle took up the same position that Romeo had earlier and started sucking his lover's cock. Romeo took the lube and massaged it into Michelle's ass and finger fucked his asshole. Romeo got hard immediately as he finger fucked Michelle's ass. He quickly replaced his fingers with his cock and it slid into Michelle's ass with ease.

Romeo came before Claude did in the excitement of the moment. He fired a huge load of cum into Michelle's hot ass and Michelle used his anal muscles on Romeo just as Romeo had done to Michelle. Romeo held on to Michelle's ass cheeks as he watched the gorgeous ass work on his cock and then he massaged the round globes as he emptied his balls into Michelle's rectum. Claude then fired his load into Michelle's mouth and as usual Michelle sucked him dry. The three young men disengaged and pulled up their underwear and pants. 

"I love your silk panties Romeo," Michelle said and then asked "How do they feel?"

"They feel wonderful. I know why women like to wear them now," Romeo replied.

The three of them finished cleaning up and then they locked up and left the salon. Romeo had home where he knew Marcel would be waiting for him and he wondered what games Marcel may have planned that night.

When Romeo arrived home he was surprised when Marcel said they were going out to dinner. Romeo would become Romee in public for the first time. Marcel had laid out the clothes for Romeo to wear and he helped Romeo get dressed. Romeo wore a tight black cocktail dress with a short skirt. Marcel helped Romeo with his makeup and when Romeo looked in the mirror he could not believe how much he resembled a girl. 

They went to a fine restaurant and Marcel behaved like a perfect gentleman on a date. They had a wonderful meal and Romeo really got into the role of Romee. Even when he had to use the bathroom, Romee was excited by entering the ladies room. After dinner on the way back to the house, Marcel pulled his cock from his pants and Romeo sucked him off. Once they were back at the house Marcel fucked Romeo twice before the retired for the night.

ROMEO PLAYS GAMES WITH CALUDE AND MICHELLE

Romeo told Claude and Michelle about his life with Marcel and they loved to hear about it. They wanted Romeo to dress up for them some night and play similar games. Romeo selected the private school girl's uniform to bring with him to the salon one day and he told Claude about it. Claude and Michelle had Romeo come to their home and change into the school uniform. Then Romeo had to go outside the apartment and knock on the door. Claude and Michelle took off their clothes and waited for Romeo to knock.

When there was a knock on the door, Claude asked who was there. When he received no answer he went over to the door and opened in slightly concealing his own nakedness. He couldn't believe how much Romeo looked like a girl in the school uniform. 

"Can I help you?" he asked playing along

"Romeo sent me over here because I need to show you something," the girl said.

Claude playfully looked at Michelle and shrugged his shoulders. "Let her in"

"Come in," Claude told Romeo.

Romeo entered the room and Claude asked what was it that he had for them? Romeo smiled at their nakedness and his cock was already hard in his panties from anticipation.

"It is my clit. It is so hard," Romeo said as he lifted his skirt and pulled his panties down below his crotch, his dick catching in the waistband and bouncing in front of him.

Claude walked over to him and took hold of Romeo's cock and as he did he felt his own cock hardening. Michelle was amused at the boy's creativity.

"What is your name little girl?" Claude asked Romeo.

"Romee," Romeo answered as if he was very shy.

"I see, well it's nice to meet you Romee. You're right your clit is very hard what caused that to happen?" Claude played along with the teenager.

"Well Romeo told me that when I got here that there would be two big hard cocks waiting for me and I have been thinking about them all the way here," Romeo replied.

"Are these two big enough and hard enough for you Romee?" Michelle asked as he and Claude stroked their erect dicks. 

"Oh yes they are big and hard!" Romeo exclaimed.

"Tell me Romee what did Romeo tell you that we might do with our big hard cocks?" Michelle continued the game.

"He said that one of you may put one in my mouth and the other one may go in my bottom," Romeo replied coyly.

"Would you like that Romee? Would you like to suck one cock while the other cock fucks your ass?" Michelle prodded.

"Yes," Romeo said sexily.

"Well then I think it is about time we got started. Claude let Romee suck your cock while I prepare this ass for a glorious butt fucking," Michelle said as he took some lubricant off the table.

Claude moved in front of Romee and Romee dropped to his knees. Romee took Claude's cock in his mouth and proceeded to give him a masterful blowjob. Michelle moved behind Romee and lifted his school uniform skirt up and draped it over his back. Michelle applied an ample amount of lubricant to Romee's asshole and fingered him deeply. He pushed one then two fingers in the teenager's ass and moved them around in preparation for his cock. Michelle then applied lube and saliva to his own cock and guided it into Romee's ass. Romee gasped as he was penetrated and relished in the slow entry to his ass. Michelle eased his cock in one steady push all the way into Romee's ass and then eased it back out. He did this a few more times and then he picked up the pace. 
