 Romeo had just turned 18 years old and he was still struggling with his sexuality. He was a very pretty boy who looked more like a girl than a young man. Because of his physical attributes many of his classmates assumed he was gay. As such girls were not attracted to him and many of the boys mocked him. Romeo was striking in his own way with dark curly hair and deep brown eyes. He stood at 5'6" tall and weighed 140 pounds. His skin was olive tan and he had a shapely body for a young man. His ass was something to behold as it was the focal point of his body. It was round and protruding and stuck out from the back of his body. Many a young lady would love to have the curvy ass that Romeo possessed. Romeo's father was French and his mother was Italian. His parents had met on vacation in Italy and it was love at first sight. Romeo was born and raised in Paris. Romeo had finished high school but he was still unsure as to what he wanted to do. His parents urged him to go to the university but he was uncomfortable with that decision.

It was that fateful day in Paris that shaped Romeo's future. He was walking the streets of Paris when he came upon a gathering of people listening to an older man speaking to the crowd. Romeo stopped to listen to what the man was saying. More people gathered around and soon Romeo had people standing behind him as well as in front of him. Bodies were pressed together as the size of the crowd grew. Romeo then felt a hand rub over his crotch but he dismissed it as accidental. But the hand returned and this time it became more insistent. No one had ever touched Romeo's genitals before and it made him nervous that someone in public would do so.

Romeo moved to the side to avoid the hand but it returned and stroked his crotch with even more urgency. This time Romeo did not move away. Although he was confused by the act he found it exciting and his cock hardened in his pants. Romeo had an average size cock of a little over six inches but at that moment it felt larger. The hand rubbed up and down his stiff shaft through the fabric of his pants and Romeo stood still as if he were fastened to the ground. Then Romeo felt his zipper being lowered and the hand reached in to grasp his erect cock. Romeo gasped at the touch as no hand other then his own had ever touched his cock.

The Romeo felt the hand move up and down his shaft but his cock was still in his pants. Romeo moaned softly as the hand stroked him and he was sure that he would cum any moment. Then the hand left him and Romeo was confused. He wanted the hand back on his cock. He wanted the hand to jerk him off and finish what it started. Romeo looked around and he spotted a man walking away from the crowd looking over his shoulder. Their eyes met and Romeo somehow knew that he should follow that man. Romeo walked behind the man who he was convinced was the one who had stroked him. The man walked down an alley and Romeo followed. When Romeo turned the corner he ran into the man who apparently was waiting for him.

"What's your name?" the stranger asked

"Romeo," Romeo answered.

"I'm Andre. Did you like what I was doing to you?" the stranger asked.

A confused and bewildered Romeo could only answer, "Yes." 

"Good then follow me," the man said.

Romeo followed the man for a few more blocks and then the man stopped at an apartment building. He opened the door and invited Romeo in. As if in a trance and not knowing what may happen next, Romeo entered the stranger's apartment. The man took off his coat and turned toward Romeo. Then the man dropped to his knees and unfastened Romeo's belt and pants. Romeo got hard again as the man fondled him and then the man lowered Romeo's pants and underwear to his knees. Romeo gasped aloud when his erect cock caught in the waistband of his underwear and bobbed in front of the stranger's face.

Romeo thought that the man would stroke his cock some more and was he not prepared when Andre took Romeo's cock in his mouth. Romeo was so turned on that he came in Andre's mouth almost immediately. Andre sucked down every drop of Romeo's cum and he drained Romeo's cock dry. Romeo couldn't believe that he had just cum in another man's mouth. Andre then stood up and kissed Romeo allowing him to taste his own cum. Andre then dropped his trousers and underwear baring his own erection. He pushed gently on Romeo's shoulders and Romeo realized what was expected of him.

"Suck it," Andre ordered.

"I've never done this," Romeo whispered.

"No problem, just do what I did to you," Andre replied as he pressed down on Romeo's shoulders.

Romeo sank to his knees and his face became level with Andre's cock. Romeo had never seen another hard cock until today. Andre pulled Romeo's head toward the erect cock and Romeo instinctively took it in his mouth. Romeo actually liked the feel of the hard shaft in his mouth and he sucked on it tenderly. Andre's cock was about the same as Romeo's in length about 6" and a girth of more than 4" around. Andre guided Romeo's head back and forth until Romeo got the hang of it. Romeo then bobbed his head up and down on Andre's cock until Andre stiffened and fired a barrage of cum into Romeo's mouth. Romeo instinctively swallowed the first jet of cum that hit the back of his throat and then he continued to swallow each additional volley. Romeo surprised himself with his reaction to Andre cumming in his mouth. Romeo thought that he would have been repulsed by it but he had just the opposite reaction. He actually liked the taste of Andre's cum and he had a strange sense of power over Andre making him cum.

Romeo was hard again and he hoped that Andre would suck him off once more. But Andre surprised Romeo when he turned Romeo around to face away from him. Andre then reached under Romeo and cupped his balls and stroked his cock. Romeo groaned as his scrotum was fondled. Romeo felt Andre's tongue slide over his perineum and up between his ass cheeks. Romeo flipped out when Andre licked his ass and rimmed his asshole. Romeo didn't know that people did that to each other but the feeling was sensational. 

Andre worked his tongue back and forth over Romeo balls to his asshole. Romeo thought that he would cum again at any second if Andre didn't stop tongue probing his ass. Then Romeo felt a cool liquid enter his asshole and it almost seemed to numb his anus. Andre then stood up and coated his cock with the same lubricant unbeknown to Romeo. Andre bent Romeo over slightly as he lined his cock up with Romeo's asshole. When Romeo felt the cock at the entrance to his ass he panicked briefly but he was afraid to protest.

Andre pushed his cock into Romeo's ass and Romeo almost screamed out in pain. Romeo muffled his cries with his arm. Andre worked his cock into Romeo's ass and the pain eventually subsided. Romeo then felt bloated for awhile and then he just felt full. Andre began to saw his cock in and out of Romeo's ass. Romeo's ass was extremely tight and Andre did not last long even though it was his second orgasm. Romeo felt Andre stiffen and hold onto Romeo's hips. Andre plunged his cock all the way into Romeo's ass and then he unleashed a torrent of cum into the boy's virgin asshole. Romeo felt Andre's seed flood his ass and he instinctively used his anal muscles to milk Andre's cock dry. Romeo at that moment decided that he liked the feeling of cum filling his asshole.

As quickly as it happened it was over. Andre sent a confused Romeo on his way with his ass full of cum. Romeo wished that he could have stayed longer as his cock was hard again and he desperately wanted to cum again. Romeo raced home and went straight to his room and jerked off. He got naked on his bed and stroked his cock as he thought about his afternoon encounter. Romeo came quickly and cum shot from his cock and covered his body from his neck to his pubes. Then he jerked off two more times shooting on his body as he fingered his asshole. 

Later that day, Romeo cleaned up, dressed and ate dinner with his parents. He still could not get the image of his encounter with Andre out of his mind. At dinner Romeo's father said that Romeo's cousin Pierre was coming to visit them for a few days. Pierre lived in Marseilles and he was the same age as Romeo. 

PIERRE'S VISIT

Pierre looked good when he arrived and Romeo sized him up and down as he never had before. Pierre also 18 years of age had light brown hair, blue eyes and stood at about 5'6". Pierre had a slender figure that seemed very effeminate much like Romeo. Romeo noticed that Pierre had no hair on his legs and that his pants fit very snug around his tight shapely ass. Romeo felt his cock surge as he looked at Pierre's curvy ass.

Romeo showed Pierre to his room as they would be sharing Romeo's bedroom. Romeo had two twin beds in his room as he had had friends sleep over in the past. The third bedroom was currently being used as Romeo's mother's sewing room and she did not want it disturbed. Pierre unpacked his suitcase and then the two of them walked around Paris until dinner time. After dinner and some family chit chat, Romeo and Pierre went up to the bedroom. They talked some more and watched some TV until it was time for lights out.

Romeo had trouble sleeping as he still had the image of Andre in his mind and he started to play with himself. He was quiet and tried to be discreet as he slowly jerked off. His eyes were open and they had adjusted to the room lit only by the night light. Romeo swore that he could see Pierre's covers moving. He listened intently and then he heard the familiar sound of a hand brushing against the sheet. Romeo continued to look and listen and then he was convinced that Pierre was jerking off.

"Holy shit!" he thought to himself, "He's jerking off."

Romeo eased his body out of bed and his own erect cock bobbed in front of him as he walked over to Pierre's bed. Pierre was on his side with his back to Romeo and he was so involved with his masturbation that he never saw or heard Romeo approach the bed. Romeo took a hold of the bed covers and with one quick movement he yanked them off of Pierre's body. Pierre was startled as Romeo caught him with his sleep shorts down to his knees with his hand wrapped around his erect cock. Romeo smiled at his cousin and looked at his cousin's hard cock. Romeo guessed his cousin's cock to be just about 6+ inches. Romeo then reached for his cousin's cock and Pierre freaked out.

"Christ Romeo what are you doing?" Pierre gasped.

"Let me jerk you off. I know you want to get off and it feels so much better when someone else does it for you," Romeo whispered.

"I've never done this Romeo," Pierre whispered back. Pierre wondered how Romeo knew what it felt like to have someone else's hand on his cock.

"Just relax, I want to show you what I learned last week," Romeo whispered in reply.

Then Romeo got in bed with his cousin and snuggled up to him as he reached around and took a hold of Pierre's cock. Pierre felt as if a lightening bolt passed through his body when he felt his cousin's naked body against his own. Pierre cooed as a strange hand enveloped his cock. Romeo then began to slowly stroke his cousin's cock. Romeo's own cock was still rock hard and he pressed it into his cousin's buttocks. Romeo maneuvered his cock so that it rested between Pierre's ass cheeks and then he began to move as if he was fucking Pierre. All the while Romeo continued to jerk off Pierre's cock. Pierre lay frozen as his cousin's cock nestled between Pierre's buttocks. He couldn't believe how big Romeo's cock felt but then he had never felt one other than his own.

Pierre started to feel his orgasm building and he agreed that Romeo was right; it did feel better to have someone else jerking on his cock. Pierre's body stiffened and then he released a torrent of cum. It shot out of his cock and hit his chest and abs as well as dousing the bed sheets. Romeo kept jerking his cousin's cock until every drop of semen was squeezed from Pierre's shaft. Romeo was still moving his hips and his cock slid between Pierre's butt cheeks. Pierre was impressed with Romeo's cock and he was surprised how good it felt sliding between the cheeks of his ass. Pierre had relaxed now and he awaited his cousin's ejaculation.

Romeo's body went rigid as he ejaculated and Pierre felt the cock throb and pulsate in the crack of his ass. Then Pierre felt the warm cum hit the back of his body as it shot out of Romeo's cock. Romeo's cumming seemed endless and Pierre was covered in cum. Both of them stayed hard in spite of their intense orgasms and then Romeo turned Pierre toward him. Romeo reached down between them and he took both cocks in his hand and jerked them off together. When Romeo was satisfied that Pierre was close to cumming again, Romeo rolled over on his side and guided Pierre's cock between his buttocks.

Pierre loved the feel of his cock between Romeo's ass cheeks as their bodies pressed together. Romeo then guided Pierre's hand so that Pierre could grasp Romeo's cock. Pierre slid his cock between Romeo's buns as he jerked Romeo off. Both of them came again and this time Pierre's cum splattered on Romeo's back. Remarkably the two of them remained hard and they gave each other a hand job until they ejaculated for third time that night.

Romeo whispered to his cousin, "That's enough for tonight I have a lot more to show you tomorrow." 

Romeo then made his way back to his own bed and shortly thereafter they both fell asleep. Pierre dozed off in the cum soaked bed thinking about what Romeo had done to him and what Romeo had said about tomorrow. Pierre wondered what else Romeo was going to teach him.

ROMEO AND PIERRE EXPERIMENT WITH EACH OTHER

Romeo got out of bed first and went in to take his shower. When he finished showering he was drying off when he stared at his cousin Pierre standing at the sink naked brushing his teeth. Romeo looked at his cousin's well toned body and his round shapely ass. Pierre like Romeo was tanned golden brown except for their asses and pubes. They had tan lines that actually accentuated their curvy asses against the tanned bodies. Romeo felt that familiar stirring in his loins. Romeo's parents had already left for work so Romeo knew that he and Pierre were alone in the house. Pierre noticed Romeo's naked body and he felt chills run through his body as he thought about what they did last night. Pierre was embarrassed but excited at the same time as he wondered what would happen next. Pierre didn't have to wait long to find out.

Romeo was the more assertive of the two so it was natural for him to make the first move. He hung up the towel and stepped from the shower. Instead of moving to his own sink he moved behind his cousin. Romeo let his hand graze over Pierre's shapely buttock. Romeo felt a sensation move through his body like an electric charge and his cock became erect at the touch of his cousin's ass. Pierre's buttocks tightened at the touch as he too felt electricity run through his body. Romeo caressed Pierre's ass again and Pierre's cock sprung to attention.

Romeo stepped up close to his cousin and wrapped his arms around his chest and nuzzled his neck. Pierre felt Romeo's erect cock pressed against his ass and he sighed deeply. Romeo's hands moved down Pierre's chest over his abs and covered his pubes. Romeo took Pierre's cock in one hand and cupped Pierre's balls in the other as Romeo's cock nestled in to the crack of Pierre's ass. Pierre groaned as Romeo stroked his cock and fondled his testicles.

Romeo then turned Pierre around to face him and kissed him deeply. As their tongues dueled as they kissed, Romeo reached down and grabbed both their erect cocks in one hand and stroked them together. They stayed like that for several minutes until Romeo dropped down on his knees and took his cousin's cock in his mouth. For the first time in his life Pierre had his cock in someone's mouth. Romeo sucked on Pierre for a short while before he stood up and spoke.

"Do you like that?" Romeo asked.

Pierre answered with his eyes closed and hissed, "Yes! Where did you learn to do that?" 

"I met this man last week and he taught me how to do that. Now whatever I do for you, you must do for me, agreed? Pierre just nodded his head as he was anxious for Romeo to suck him again.

"Good, now let's go back to bed where we can suck each other," Romeo whispered.

They went back to their room and they both got in Romeo's bed. Romeo showed Pierre how to move into a 69 position as they lay on their sides. Romeo took Pierre's cock back into his mouth and Pierre followed Romeo's lead. The two of them sucked cock and for Pierre it was his first time. They relished the feeling of the soft mushroom heads in their mouths. They took the cocks as deep in their mouths as they were comfortable doing as they made love to each other. Romeo grabbed Pierre's ass cheeks and held them as he sucked Pierre's cock. Pierre copied every move that Romeo made and soon they were both sucking cock and fondling each other's ass. 

Romeo moved a finger between Pierre's ass cheeks and tickled his anus and again Pierre did the same thing to his cousin. Pierre felt a surge pass through his loins and his testicles tightened signaling that he was about to cum. Then he felt his cum travel from his scrotum through his cock and blast into his cousins' mouth. Romeo just held on to Pierre's ass and swallowed Pierre's load as it shot into his mouth. Romeo then rubbed his cousin's balls as he drank down every drop of his cousin's cum. Pierre was in ecstasy as he enjoyed his ejaculation into another boy's mouth for the first time in his life. 

Pierre had stopped sucking Romeo's cock briefly as he savored the moment of cumming in his cousin's mouth but then at Romeo's urging he resumed sucking Romeo's cock. Romeo shot his load shortly thereafter and flooded Pierre's mouth with cum. Pierre did just as his cousin had done and swallowed as fast as he tried to capture every drop of Romeo's cum. However, Pierre was not prepared for the volume and force of Romeo's ejaculation. He pulled Romeo's cock from his mouth and closed his eyes as Romeo's cum shot all over his face. When Romeo had ceased shooting, Pierre took Romeo's cock back in his mouth. They continued to hold to each other and suck each other in the 69 position. They were both so turned on that they remained hard. They could have cum again in each other's mouth but Romeo wanted to take it to the next step.

"I want to fuck you Pierre," Romeo whispered to his cousin, "And then I want you to fuck me."

"I don't know Romeo. I'm scared!" Pierre rasped.

"There's nothing to be scared about. The man I told you about fucked me last week and I love it. At first it will be a little uncomfortable but then you will really like it," Romeo said trying to put his cousin at ease. 

The two beautiful cousins separated from their 69 position and Romeo told Pierre to get on all fours. Pierre did as he was told and positioned himself on all fours. Pierre was still leery of the anal penetration and he looked back over his shoulder with trepidation at his cousin.

"Don't worry Pierre, I will grease you up good before I fuck you," Romeo said trying to sound reassuring.

Romeo played with Pierre's ass a long time as he loved fingering his cousins bung-hole and caressing his shapely ass. Pierre stayed hard throughout the ass fucking foreplay and at one time he thought that he might cum again. It was just then that Romeo told him to turn over. Pierre lifted his legs and placed them on Romeo's shoulders as Romeo directed.

"I want to see the expression on your face when I fuck you and take your virginity," an excited Romeo said in a raspy voice.

Romeo placed the head of his cock at Pierre's ass and pressed forward testing his cousin's asshole. Pierre could feel the pressure and although it wasn't yet unpleasant, he feared the pain to come. Pierre's relaxed orgasmic state and his horniness took over and he let Romeo have his way. Romeo added more lubricant to his cock as he pulled back and rubbed the head of his cock around Pierre's asshole. Every few seconds Romeo would push inside Pierre and then pull back out stretching him a little wider each time. It was quite a turn-on for Romeo watching his pretty cousin with his legs raised and spread. Romeo's next thrust was with a purpose and Pierre felt pain as his cousin's cock pushed passed his sphincter.
