 Ron had been teaching me the Bi Life since we met about a year earlier. Ron, his wife Carla and my girlfriend Sue and I had had spent almost every weekend together and the four of us had sex in every configuration possible. Ron and I also spent a good bit of time alone where we enjoyed each other and Ron had even invited a well hung friend Denny to join us on one occasion.

Ron told me that my cock sucking skills were as good as he had seen and that he enjoyed my ass in ways he couldn't describe. Our sessions together gave me enormous pleasure. I liked pleasing Ron and I liked how he took control of my body for his use. I liked being his slut.

One Saturday when I was with Ron he asked me if I could have any sexual fantasy, what would it be. It didn't take me long to say a gangbang. I wanted to be the center of attention for a group of men and wanted to act a total slut for their use. Ron asked if I was sure. I said yes. He and Carla belonged to a swingers club so I wondered if he could do this for me. 

That night I talked to Sue about what Ron and I had talked about. She had done a gangbang with five men a couple of years ago and when I told her what I wanted she totally understood. That feeling of being the center of attention, a total slut and sexually fulfilled beyond measure. She told me I should do it. I loved the way Sue felt about sex. Sex was for fun!

It was midweek when Ron called me and said your fantasy will come true on Friday night. I said are you kidding? He said no, I have a least four other guys and possibly seven. I nearly came right then and there. I could not wait for Friday.

Ron picked me up about seven thirty on Friday. I just wore regular clothes but had a pair of Sue's panties on underneath, a red thong. We drove about a half hour out into the country and turned into a long tree lined driveway that pulled up to an old farmhouse. There were several cars already parked by the house. Ron told me to take off my clothes but when he saw the red thong said leave that on. We rang the door bell and were greeted by a rather small middle aged man named Bill. This was Bill's home. He led us into the kitchen and asked me what I was drinking. He poured me a vodka and tonic quickly followed by three more. Meanwhile, no introductions were made with the other three men standing in the hallway. 

From the kitchen, I could look into a large family room. All of the lights were off except one in a track light in the ceiling. It pointed a solitary beam of light onto a twin mattress with a white fitted sheet on the floor. I knew that was to be my stage for the evening. After my fourth vodka and tonic, Bill suggested that I walk around so that his other guests could get a good look at me. I was six feet two and one hundred eighty five pounds and in pretty good shape. My legs were long, tan and shaved and Ron always told me I had an ass just like a hot girl.

The other men were looking at me with Bill and making comments about what they had planned for me. I felt like a slut. They were grabbing my bare ass cheeks and one man slipped his hand into the front of my thong and squeezed my cock. A this point, Ron approached me, handed me a tube of lube and told me to go in the bathroom and get ready.

I went into the bathroom and removed my (Sue's) thong. I put a large glob of lube onto my fingers and started working it into my asshole. I kept adding fingers to stretch myself and get my muscles to relax. Ron had fucked me many times over these last months so I knew how to get ready for what was about to happen. Once I was ready, I turned off the bathroom light and headed out to the mattress under the beam of light. 

At this time I noticed all the other lights except one in the kitchen were off. All of the men were now naked and standing just out of the light. Ron approached me first and told me to kneel on the mattress. As I did this, he took the back of my head and placed his cock into my mouth. I sucked him and he quickly became erect and started to feed me more and more of his cock. He then withdrew his cock from my mouth and got behind me. I knew to lean down on my elbows and elevate my ass. As I did, he inserted his cock into my ass and rapidly started to pump me. If felt sublime, especially knowing the other four men watching would also get their turn at my ass. As Ron pumped me, our host Bill presented his cock to me. It wasn't very impressive at about five inches but it was rock hard and within minutes of me sucking him he gave me a rather large volume of cum. He surprised me. I drank it all down. 

One by one, the group of five men took their turns. I often had a cock in my mouth while someone else was fucking my now very ready ass. This went on for a couple hours, when I heard a doorbell. As I was just finishing off a cock in my mouth, I saw three new faces in the kitchen. These new men quickly disrobed, grabbed a drink and came into the family room where I was providing my new friends with pleasure. They quickly got into the line for me and in the next hour and a half each of them had either cum in my mouth or ass or both, some multiple times. I was getting tired but felt fantastic. I had swallowed four or five loads of cum and cum was freely running out of my ass down my legs and onto the mattress. 

As I was resting for just a minute I heard the doorbell ring again. Bill answered the door and I saw a familiar face come into the kitchen. It was Denny with the huge cock Ron had me experience weeks earlier. Denny approached me and said hello and looked at the other men and said I hope you didn't stretch this little slut out too much for me. The other men laughed, obviously aware of Denny's endowment and his abilities with tearing into a piece of man ass.

With that Denny took off his clothes and the other men sat on the floor in a sort of ring. It was like a special performance was about to happen and they all had front row seats. Denny had me kneel in front of him and once again I saw his huge cock before me. Again, I started to lick his massive balls and then took about half of his cock into my mouth. I sucked and sucked and Denny moaned with pleasure but I knew he would not cum in my mouth. He had other ideas. After several minutes of my sucking he withdrew his cock. This time, he was playing a bit rougher than on our previous meeting. Denny grabbed me by the hips and got behind me. I was very lubricated by the copious amounts of cum all the men had deposited but I still felt every bit of Denny's girth when he started to enter me. He wasted no time plowing all of his length into me and it felt an odd mix of pain and pleasure, mostly pleasure. The other men's faces watched as if they were watching a gay porn flick. Denny pounded my ass. He was relentless. I felt like he was showing off to the other men and kept saying things like you love my cock don't you slut or you love how big I am don't you sissy. I did love it. I wanted it. I craved it. I just kept thinking don't stop. But he did stop, after unleashing a huge load into my ass. I fell forward on the mattress knowing I could take no more cock this night. 

The other men then got up and fixed themselves new drinks. I laid there recovering, alone in the spotlight. I felt great. I wanted this. I wanted to be a used slut. I wanted strange men to fuck me over and over. I loved the feeling of a hard cock in my ass.

A few minutes later, Ron walked over and said let's go. He had my red thong in his hand and a towel. I wrapped the towel around me and walked past the other men. They all just smiled. I got in Ron's car and was thankful for the towel. Cum was dripping out of my ass and did so all night.

I dressed on the way home and walked in about one in the morning. Sue was in bed but quickly turned on the light and asked me about my night. I took off my clothes and climbed in beside her. She always slept naked with me and quickly hugged me and said you are amazing. She then did a strange thing. She reached around and inserted her finger into my ass. I asked what are you doing to which she responded that she wanted to see how stretched out I was. Clearly I was big and wet. She loved it. She then asked me if I had cum yet. I said no. I had given pleasure to everyone but I hadn't cum myself. She then slipped below the sheets and proceeded to suck me off. I put my head on the pillow while she sucked me and thought to myself, can it get any better than this.