 Room for Rent 2:  The Party

My last day with Gary and Jack was a Saturday. And this Saturday was like most others in this household. I woke up, washed my face and brushed my teeth, and headed downstairs for breakfast – naked.

As usual, I found my housemates in the kitchen waiting for their morning blowjob. They were both glorious in their nudity…their semi erect cocks begging for attention. Gary was leaning against the kitchen counter and slowly massaging his foreskin back and forth over his cock head. Jack sat at the kitchen table admiring the view.

I knelt in front of Gary and licked each testicle while stroking his shaft. In the last month, I had become very familiar with my housemates’ cocks. I knew exactly how to pleasure them best and was an expert in extracting their cum.

Gary loved to have his balls licked…and after a few well placed licks and a steady sucking rhythm, I was rewarded with Gary’s tangy treat.

Jack waited patiently for his turn, and when I finished off Gary, I crawled over to Jack. With Gary’s cum still on my lips, I devoured Jacks’ cock. He really loved to be deep throated, so I took him all the way down. When he came, I swallowed every drop.

It was just another typical morning in my personal sex paradise.

After cleaning up, Jack made us all a great breakfast. We ate quietly…we were sad I think, that our wonderful arrangement was about to end. But Gary and Jack weren’t going to let me go with a couple of morning suck offs. They had an entire evening planned for me.

They told me they were giving me a going away party, and that I was to be well rested and ready for a fun and active night. I didn’t know exactly what they had in mind, but I couldn’t wait.

That afternoon, I packed all my things and took a nap. In the evening, I woke up and took a long hot shower. I was refreshed and looking forward to a lecherous night. Coming out of the shower, I heard a few voices downstairs.

Completely unconscious of my own nudity, I walked downstairs to find Gary and Jack chatting with two other men. Everyone was clothed, including Gary and Jack. For the first time in weeks, I felt self conscious about being nude.

But our new guests didn’t mind at all…they eyed my body like candy. The two men, Peter and Carl were in their mid 40s. Peter was short, about my height and had thinning dark hair and glasses. His body was slim like mine, and he had a kind, unassuming quality about him. Carl was a stark contrast to Peter…well over six feet tall, hairy and muscular. He had a full head of hair and a nicely trimmed beard – very masculine. They were both attractive in their own way.

All of us sat in the living room and chatted for awhile. I sat in between our new guests while Jack and Gary served us appetizers and drinks. I remained nude and everyone else remain clothed. It was somewhat awkward initially, but I enjoyed being an exhibitionist and our guests certainly enjoyed the view. I caught them both leering at my cute little ass.

The conversation was quite normal and polite – Jack served us drinks and we chatted about current events, our jobs, etc. Nobody mentioned my nudity and for awhile, it didn’t seem to make a difference.

It may have continued innocently all night had I not noticed the bulge in Carl’s pants. The outline of his cock was clear through his khakis, and I couldn’t keep my eyes away. My own cock started to stir and the conversation came to an awkward halt as everyone in the room was noticing my very erect six inch penis.

Carl broke the ice. “I hear you’re a world class cocksucker,” he said.

I literally blushed as everyone chuckled. But I loved the attention. I am a world class cocksucker and I was about to show Carl and his big cock how good I am. But I was not prepared for the cock Carl was about to unleash.

He unzipped his pants to reveal a monstrously large uncircumcised cock. His testicles were equally impressive and both his cock and balls were shaved smooth. His penis was atleast nine inches in length, but what was more impressive was it’s girth. I could barely get my hand around it, I wasn’t sure how I was going to get my mouth around it. But I gave it my best shot.

Carl took his pants off completely and laid down on the couch while I kneeled between his legs on all fours – my ass on display. Everyone else gathered around us while they undressed…giving me an attentive audience that spurred me on even more.

Carl’s monster penis was quite a handful…and mouthful. I somehow managed to get him half way down my throat, but there was no way I would be able to take him all the way. Of course, I made up for it with my enthusiasm. I worked over his cock and balls with everything I had…giving my jaw a good workout.

As Carl was stretching my throat to its limits, Peter positioned himself behind me and gently massaged my well toned ass cheeks. I took a quick break from Carl’s cock and turned to give Peter a sly smile – his hard cock was about my size and I felt his hardness against my backside. I returned my attentions to Carl’s member while Peter continued to fondle my butt – playfully slapping his cock against my ass cheeks. 

Peter clearly wanted to fuck my ass, and even though I was a very inexperienced bottom, I wasn’t going to stop him. Feasting on Carl’s cock had made me so horny, I was ready for anything.

Before I knew it, Peter was spreading KY Jelly all around my hole – and soon had two fingers inside of me preparing me for his cock. As I took Carl even deeper down my throat, Peter slowly penetrated me from behind.

Peter was a considerate, gentle top and took his time fucking me. He gave me enough time to relax into it and soon enough, he was giving me a spirited ass fucking. 

Having Carl in my mouth and Peter up my ass was the most pleasurable experience of my life…my entire body was in a state of heightened sexual bliss.

I didn’t think it could get much better, but the party had just gotten started. Jack and Gary wanted to participate and they certainly did. Both of them stuck their big hard cocks in my face, giving me three cocks to please while my ass took a steady pounding. It was heaven.

We continued our orgy all evening…Peter loosened my ass so much that both Jack and Gary were able to take turns fucking me. Even Carl tried, but he was just too big for me. By the end of the night, I was a cum covered mess…Carl had dumped two loads on my face as did Jack and Gary. Peter had the honor of cumming in my ass.

It was an extraordinary night. When Peter and Carl finally left, I just collapsed on the couch, sore and exhausted.

The next morning, Jack, Gary, and I had one last breakfast together. I gave them both another blowjob before I left, but I knew it wouldn’t be the last. They invited me to their next party…I can’t wait!