 Victor was athletic and muscular with nice, hot, sexy arms and legs. His complexion was a lovely light brown and his head was clean shaven. I had known him for five years. The first week I met him he had just split with his girlfriend. That was a Sunday afternoon. By Monday night he had unloaded his balls for me four times... or was it five?? Twice I swallowed and the other three were lovely facials. 

It started in his apartment that afternoon when his girlfriend left after a nasty fight. It was over and he knew it. I was living in the apartment across the hall and heard the yelling, cussing and saw her storm out the door. He stood in the doorway and we locked eyes as I finished my beer. 

"I'll bet you could use one of these, huh?" I said. He agreed and I invited him over and we talked for over an hour. I knew he needed something else, and I was too hot for him not to try and feel out his orientation. I brought out some porno books and videos. I included some that were all female, all male and some were men and women. I was surprised that he went right for the all male books. In fact, he separated the books with women and pushed them aside! It was then I knew I could very possibly have him. 

After thirty minutes or so we put a movie in with three guys fucking hard. I watched his hand stroking his cock through his shorts and I was sweating, breathing hard and desperate. He saw me and knew with a one second glance eye to eye and it was over. I moaned loudly as my body trembled. I was his slave from then on. I knelt in front of him and kissed his feet. I wanted to worship every inch of his body. I moved past his ankles and up his legs. Then he stood and I looked up at him in awe. The bulge between his thighs was huge. I quickly imagined his cock in my mouth filling me with hot, sticky cum after a long, slow sucking! 

Then Joe took charge and looked me in the eye. "Do you want to service my cock?"

I whimpered and said, "Yes, Master!"

"That's a good answer." Master Victor said and placed his strong hands on the back of my head and forcefully pulled my head into his balls. Immediately I felt comfort and peace. His shaft throbbed lovingly against my cheek through his shorts. "Tonight we will make it official and you will be mine. For now, I will give you a temporary collar." Master Victor went into the bedroom and returned quickly with a leather collar which he placed around my neck. "Now serve your new Master!"

I smiled and pulled Master Victor's shorts off, revealing a beautiful, throbbing 10 inch cock! I looked on in amazement at my new altar. This is where I would gladly devote my time, love, adoration and appreciation from now on. I would do my Master's bidding every day at His beck and call. His pleasure would be my honor and I would be His willing, adoring slave. 

His huge, hairy, sweaty balls dangled in front of me, demanding immediate attention. My left hand slid up my Master's thigh towards his tight ass while my right hand gripped Master's thick shaft. I opened my mouth and let my tongue caress the hairy sac that beckoned me. The taste and aroma was like a drug taking over all my senses in one brief moment. I was possessed by lust and totally under its power. All the while, I didn't notice my Master on the phone... he was calling four luscious friends of his that needed sexual favors from His new slave. There was Steve, Tom, Randy, and Jim who had created a new sex club- and I was the new recruit. 

Steve was a 6 foot tall, slender black man with a lovely cock 9 inches long and pleasingly thick to spread my lips and cheeks. Not quite as muscular as Master Victor, he was still a beautiful sight and so much fun to fuck. He had the best sense of humor, the warmest eyes hairiest balls, which was my most favorite feature of his. He was also the youngest. Every time I sucked his cock I had to give great loving attention to his sac. 

Tom was a 5 foot 10 inch tall white man two years older than Steve and even at 8 inches had the smallest cock, but his thickness made up for it very well. His strong chest was bare, but his hair was the longest. His curly black locks turned me on as they dangled below his firm, muscular shoulders. His ass was cute and fun to cling to while wrapped my lips around his cock.

Randy was next oldest with short blond hair and blue eyes and a lovely 9 inch cock. He was about 5 foot 10 Jim was 5 foot 7 with brown hair and blue eyes. 

I pooled all the saliva that my mouth could hold and soaked Master's balls with it. It dripped back down onto my lips as I licked and sucked with growing passion. I needed to please Him like my life depended on it. I knew my reward would be a mouthful of sticky semen! I was going to enjoy every horny second! 

I gently wrapped my lips around each ball and gently sucked and licked for a few minutes until I opened my mouth wide enough to engulf Master's entire sac. I heard Master groan and praise my efforts. Then, pulling away from His saliva-soaked sac, I turned my attention to my Golden Idol. It loomed over me, calling to me to worship; calling me to pay homage and show my love and respect for my Master. 

I knelt for a moment and stared in awe for a moment. Mr. Gold I called Him. Master instructed me never to refer to His Cock as "it". He was my Golden Idol, or Mr. Gold. I loved my Master and His Cock was His "Prophet" so to speak. I smiled from ear to ear as this was the first time I would worship here at this lovely altar. I looked forward to my first Anointing. 

My hands gripped Master's legs tightly as He stroked Mr. Gold slowly, watching me suffer in anticipation of serving my Master. I held my mouth open wide with my tongue hanging out. This would be the standard for worship. He would wait for an agonizing moment to place Mr. Gold on my tongue before I could begin my service. The aroma of Mr. Gold filled my entire being as I closed my eyes and waited for the touch. 

Then I felt it gently press down and the taste was heavenly. I was controlled by lust, power, and love. Master Victor was in complete control of me and I was loving it. My lips clamped tightly around His shaft as my right hand held the base tightly as it slid slowly deeper and deeper towards my throat. It would take time but I knew I could take every inch. I sucked so my cheeks sunk down and my Master was pleased with the sensations. 

I bobbed my head back and forth along Mr. Gold, gripping His thighs and soaking Him generously with saliva. I desperately wanted to feel His cum flow over me like a river over my lips and down my chin. I gave my all to please Him- to feel His balls rest on my chin. Master began thrusting Mr. Gold into my mouth, slowly at first, but quickly picking up speed. I moaned loudly, loving the pressure of His Cock passing between my lips and His hands pushing on the back of my head so I couldn't move. I was helpless as He and Mr. Gold had Their way with me, Master's moans became louder and more intense as He fucked my face harder and faster by the minute, making it difficult to not scratch Mr. Gold. 

Time had no meaning now. I was so engrossed in my worship that my whole being was focused on satisfying Mr. Gold. I could feel the pressure building quickly and my excitement grew. I could already feel my mouth flowing with milk and honey, making my cup run over and over with gallons of hot semen. My moans were muffled by Mr. Gold, but were still quite loud, begging for my Master's blessing. I needed it more and more with each thrust. 

Then Master suddenly pulled out of my mouth and He stroked Mr. Gold vigorously, staring me in the eye, watching my expressions intently. He was absolutely mesmerizing. He said nothing, but I could almost hear Him sending me messages telepathically. My eyes pleaded with Master for His blessing. It was agonizing to wait for Mr. Gold to shower me with the fruits of His labor of love and lust. 

"Please, Master!" I begged. "I need Your blessing! Let Your cum flow over me!" I continued to beg for several minutes and still Master stood above me, stroking Mr. Gold as He hovered above me. Five minutes went by and it became ten minutes, which turned into fifteen and twenty. After those twenty minutes I noticed Steve, Tom and Randy standing behind Master, stroking their cocks, watching me intently as I continued to beg for my Master's cum. I smiled greatly, knowing Master was pleased to have them watch me on my knees in total submission. 

Then they gathered around me stroking their cocks, watching me and teasing me. I had just been inducted to their club and Master was the leader and I was the slave. I looked at their cocks intently while Master still stood above me, waiting. I knew I was in for a treat. I could smell each one of them and it aroused me immensely. After Master had His way with me then they would have me. I was everyone's slave-- and I LOVED it!!

Then Master instructed me to continue begging, which I did gladly and obediently. Then the flood came!! My mouth was wide open and my tongue lapping at Mr. Gold, trying to taste what I could catch. My face was covered in cum, dripping everywhere! My chin and neck were like a waterfall of semen. I didn't move an inch. I just closed my eyes and opened my mouth, basking in my first Anointing. Slowly, it dripped all over me and I didn't open my for almost five minutes. 

Then I felt another cock touch my tongue and I took it in and sucked. A blindfold was placed on my eyes and I suddenly felt someone grab my hands and I was bound quickly behind my back. My legs were spread apart and a slippery butt plug was thrust into my ass. I moaned loudly, loving the feel deep inside my back door, but I wanted the real thing. No- I needed the real thing, and I would have begged for it if it weren't for the big black cock face fucking me. I was prepared to do anything for it and they all knew it. 

For the next hour my mouth was stuffed with each cock in turn as they pleased. Each one tasted and felt differently, but none were as big as Mr. Gold. Each cock must have several turns at reaming my mouth, but I could feel my ass screaming for more attention. Soon, after time had stood still long enough, the blindfold was removed and my hands were released. I opened my eyes and Mr. Gold throbbed above me. He was at full throttle and standing tall, commanding my full attention. I smiled for a moment and Master pulled me to my feet and kissed me gently on the mouth. Then he moved me to the couch where I was ordered to bend over. Master removed the butt plug and slid His cock deep inside me. I screamed and thanked my Master for splitting my cheeks and fucking me hard. 

Before I could say anything else, Steve stepped in front of me and slid his cock between my lips and filled me to my throat. I tightened my grip on him as best I could, still reeling and rocking from Master's pounding my cheeks from behind. I could do nothing but take what they gave me and I enjoyed every second! Steve fucked my face for a few minutes, heaving, grunting and groaning all the while. He switched with Randy who fucked me for a few more minutes. They made the rounds on me, taking longer turns each time, fucking me hard and fast, forcing me to take it all. I loved the feel of their cocks at my throat and their nuts on my chin. Combine this all the while Master Victor was still banging away at my ass, getting ready to blow His load. 

Finally, after fucking my ass for over half an hour, Master Victor pulled out of my back door and slid His Cock into my mouth, he thrust hard and fast for a minute or so and exploded all over my face.