 I had been working at the hotel for a couple of weeks and so far had been enjoying it. It's one of those boutique hotels in the city centre, pretty high-end – we get a few celebs and politicians in. 

I run the front desk and double as night manager sometimes. Even though hotel work can be a bit anti-social and I don't see as much of my girlfriend as she'd like, we were making it work and I'm a fairly satisfied 29 year old straight guy.

This particular shift I was starting to get stressed out – my boss had taken the night off so I was in charge. We had a couple of big names in so I wanted to ensure there were no complaints tonight, especially from the VIPs. Everything was under control but I was nervous for another reason one of the guests was a hero of mine – Andy Mills. 

Andy is one of the top strikers for the football team I've supported since I was a little kid living up north, he's only a couple of years older than me but ever since he was 21 I'd had his name on the back of my home strip replica top and me, my brothers and my mates pretty much worshipped the guy.

Now he also played for the national team and was married to a smoking hot popstar who most guys would trade their right arm to get into bed with. In short, he's one of those blokes who every guy wants to be and every girl wants to fuck. Tall, dark, handsome with rugged good looks, and a ton of money – it was no wonder that I'd read countless stories in the papers about him banging Page Three models and soap actresses over the years.

He'd arrived 10 minutes before my night shift had started, and been shown to one of the best rooms we had. So I hadn't seen him yet, I was hoping to get chance before my shift finished in the morning. 

It was about 10.30pm, pretty quiet when Andy called down to reception to ask for an extra towel and toothbrush (he'd forgotten his). I couldn't resist taking them up personally and getting to meet him, plus, since he was an important guest – it was my job to check everything was to his satisfaction.

Andy was still in his training gear when he opened the door, football shirt, training jacket, jogging bottoms and football sock – he'd kicked his trainers off by the door. Looked like he'd eaten some food, watch TV and made a few calls – I introduced myself as the duty manager, told him what a massive fan I was and how I'd be watching the game tomorrow, finally asking if everything was to his satisfaction and needed anything else from the hotel.

He was friendly and relaxed – by the end of our chat we were talking like old mates. He was more like one of the blokes in my five-a-side team than a living legend. 

In fact he was so at ease, that as we talked he took the towel I'd brought up and started to take off his jogging shorts in front of me. I tried not to look and thought this was a bit unusual but figured he was just getting ready to shower before taking an early night and maybe was trying to subtly signal for me to leave.

But he kept the conversation going while he did it. So I couldn't get away.

Like most pro footballers he was in top shape, I couldn't help noticing his muscular legs as he stripped down his shorts – a little bit hairy, but probably insured for a fortune. 

Underneath he was wearing a lace-up white jock strap and I noticed his arse was pert and firm and had barely any hair, peachy like the way my girlfriend's looked. I avoided looking as he carried on taking the jock off and wrapped the towel round his waist, still wearing his football shirt and socks. He started:

"I do need a favour actually, mate. See - I need to get a good nights sleep before a big game, and usually me and the wife have a special routine that helps me be totally relax and keep focussed during the match. It's kind of my lucky charm, never fails." 

He gave me a cheeky grin and continued:

"The gaffer has a sex-ban on us the night before a match – worried about us being worn out or getting injured – so to make sure I don't have sex on the brain or spring a boner during the match the missus gets down and sucks me off good and proper the night before – best thing to help me relax and be focussed the next day".

He said it very casually, I smirked, I was a bit embarrassed but was secretly getting a massive kick out of having "guy talk" with Andy Mills. 

"But she's away on a tour in the US at the moment, so I've been getting a bit pent up..."

"...you'd like me to get the concierge to organise some company for you?" I delicately filled in the silence.

He laughed: "no, no, one of those bitches would be selling the story to the tabloids before I've got my boxers back on".

He continued: "I figure I need someone who understands how important the game is tomorrow, and will be discreet about helping me out. So, I wondered if you'd do it".

He was totally casual, and with that he dropped the towel onto the bed and showed me his cock.

I was stunned, not just at what he said, but also at his cock. 

Now, I've seen guys cocks before – in the changing rooms, in pornos and stuff – but I've got to admit I've never seen a hard-on in the flesh (other than my own) and Andy's was pretty impressive. 

Must have been at least eight inches (maybe bigger since it was still soft) uncut thick and straight – he wouldn't have been out of place in a porno, actually.

His low-hanging balls were trimmed and we nervously laughed at his suggestion his semi-hard package bounced up and down.

After a short, awkward silence, I replied: 

"Andy, mate, I think you've got the wrong idea. I'm not gay. If you need to blow your load then there's some good pornos on the hotel TV, why don't you just rub one out"

He countered: "Every guy knows that there's no comparison between having a wank and getting sucked off. I need to totally zone out, you know - cum without lifting a finger"

He had a point – there is nothing better than getting good head, but I couldn't help thinking this wasn't my problem and I didn't know him well enough to have this debate. On the other hand, weirdly I could feel my heart beating faster and - even though I'm not gay – I swear my own cock was getting a bit excited at the sight of his naked flesh.

"What goes on tour stays on tour, it's just a one time favour to help me out before the match tomorrow. I'm not gay either, but I really need to get off if I wanna be on top form tomorrow and 'any hole's a goal'" he argued.

He was stood quite close to me now, I could feel his hot breath on me. His cock was practically touching my trouser leg. He whispered in my ear: "you did say "if there was anything I needed"".

"I've never done this before. But... okay... no one can ever know, let's just do it quickly and get it over with." I don't know what made me agree to it, but as he sat down on the bed and I knelt in front of him I was starting to regret it already.

"You're girlfriend must suck you off, so you know what feels good. Just do that to me" he said, leaning back on the bed.

I nervously took his soft cock in my hand, it felt just like my own 7 incher, but a bit longer and thicker. I didn't know what I was doing but started wanking him off a bit to get him hard. 

"Suck it hard for me" he instructed.

I slowly leant forward, opening my mouth and taking his cock head into my lips. I closed my eyes and started sucking on it.

As my mouth moved up and down the shaft it started to harden up and I used my tongue to lick around his bulging cock head. Pushing his foreskin back and forth. This always felt good when my girlfriend did it and Andy seemed to appreciate it as he moaned in approval.

I started to get into what I was doing, forgetting my initial awkwardness and focussing on doing a good job and getting it over with. 

Surprisingly, Andy's cock didn't taste too bad, a bit salty maybe from the pre-cum, but clearly something about what I was doing was starting to turning me on as I could feel my own cock begin to bulge in my suit trousers. I knew I wasn't gay, this was just a physical reaction to the tension in the room and the sexy situation.

After 2 or 3 minutes more sucking in this position, I realised Andy had sat up on the bed, and was starting to buck his hips in rhythm with my bobbing head. Pushing his cock deeper into my mouth, and throat. I was surprised how much of his 8 inches I could take without gagging – my girlfriend could barely take half my cock, but I was getting a good 6 inches or more in my mouth.

Andy was getting more turned on. Putting his hands on the back of my head, he started guiding me deeper onto his cock, I felt his thick shaft in my throat, hurting slightly and nearly gagging. He held my hair and started to be a bit more forceful. 

"Hmmm, that's good. Take my big cock in your throat. Suck it deeper" his eyes were closed and he was totally in the moment.

Even though my eyes were starting to water, I wasn't put off by Andy's force, in fact I took it as a challenge to take his whole cock. I started trying to control my breathing and take him in deeper so that his low-hanging balls bouncing on my chin as he bucked his groin into my face getting a rhythm going.

Suddenly, I gagged and spat out his cock, tears running down my cheeks. 

Andy seemed frustrated – he held his cock with one hand and slapped my face with it, rubbing his sweaty, spit-covered shaft over my cheeks. It felt hot and dirty. I could smell salty pre-cum and realised I was actually eager to taste his cock again and hungry feel it stretching my throat and take all 8 inches. Now, Andy seemed to be teasing me, slapping my face with it, making me lick at him like a hungry dog.

Suddenly he stood up. Told me to lie on the bed, with my head off the edge. I knew what he wanted - I'd tried this position with my girlfriend to get her to take me deeper in her throat – she didn't like it much. Now I'd been challenged I was eager to prove I could take Andy's full 8 inches and eagerly got into position.

I wanted to undo my trousers and wank myself off at the same time, but Andy was waiting and this wasn't about me, it was about getting it over with and getting out of there.

Once I was in position Andy stood over my face, I realised if I tilted by head right back I could see us both reflected upside-down in the big mirror on the other side of the room. Andy's naked legs and arse, in his footie shirt and socks, with my reddened face in between below his perfect bum cheeks.

While I was looking at this I realised Andy wasn't pushing his cock into my gob, but instead I felt the soft skin of his balls sitting on my lips. 

"Lick them for me" he ordered, so I opened my mouth and started lapping at his trimmed bollocks with gusto, getting them wet before eventually lifting my mouth up to take them in and suck on them.

Andy was stroking his shaft and gently tea-bagging his balls into my mouth, moaning and smirking at the tingling feeling I was producing in his scrotum, I sucked on his little eggs, licking and nibbling on his sack the way I wished my girlfriends had done for me – most girls don't seem to like sucking balls but I've fantasied about having mine sucked good – I guess it was the same for Andy and he was enjoying this treat. 

I tasted and could smell the sweat of his groin, and from this position could feel the sweat of his tight, lightly haired butt cheeks. I looked back and the mirror and could see myself with a mouthful of his bollocks as his peachy arse bounced up and down above me.

"Your pretty good with that tongue, son" he said, "maybe you wanna have a go at this..." and with that he pulled himself forward down my face, until my mouth and chin were pressed firmly beneath his arsehole. 

At first I didn't know what he meant, then remembered I'd seen rimming before in porn films, but had never done it or had it done to me by a girl, plus I wasn't sure that I wanted to lick Andy's arse (or anyone elses for that matter).

Within seconds it was clear he wasn't giving me much choice – I looked back into the mirror, seeing his hands separating his cheeks and lowering his tight hole down on my mouth. I could barely breathe and in the heat of the moment decide 'fuck it –what goes on tour stays on tour' and took a lick at his rim.

It didn't taste disgusting like I expected, Andy was totally clean so as I licked up and down between his buttocks and tongued his tight little manhole, the over-riding taste was just sweaty, salty, sex – a bit like his cock. 

Andy clearly enjoyed being rimmed. He was moaning, telling me how good it was. I could feel my own hardness in my boxer-briefs, like I was about to explode. I wanted to touch it, but realised Andy was holding down my arms as he grinded his ass onto my face.

A few minutes later he was obviously keen to get his cock sucked again, he lifted his arse off my mouth and positioned his cock head at my lips – all the time still holding my arms. 

"This time I want you to take the whole thing like a horny little slut" he said "open up".

I opened my mouth and started to French kiss his cock as it slipped back into my warm mouth.

Soon Andy was holding me down and began skull-fucking me like a man possessed. I could feel the tightness of my throat as he pushed deeper and deeper. All I could do as my eyes watered was look back and the mirror and see his tight arse pumping away at my mouth. Bucking away at me like a porn star.

Eventually his shaft was completely in my throat and I could feel his bollocks on my lips and chin. 

"You're a naughty little cock-sucker, take my big dick you hot little bitch". He took a few slow strokes, savouring the feeling. 

Suddenly he pulled back out and stood at the end of the bed.

"Get on your knees and suck me boy" he ordered.

I knelt in front of him and took his cock into my mouth, sucking furiously. He continued pushing into my face, running his hands through my hair.

"Oh yes, so fucking good", he moaned as I put everything I'd learnt into practice sucking his length deep in my throat. 

I realised why he was so pleased when suddenly and without warning I could feel a hot stickiness filling the back of my mouth as I swallowed. He bucked his hips as he came, but I was too surprised to swallow it all and his cock slipped out of my lips, spurting it's second shot of cum up the side of my face and cheek. As it did some of the first mouthful dribbled onto my chin. 

Every guy likes a girl to swallow, I had expected the taste of Andy's cum to be disgusting but so far what I tasted had been fine. I was so horny caught up in the moment I hungrily took him back in my mouth and sucked and licked his cock head clean. He pulled his softening shaft out of my mouth and rubbed it around in the cum on my face, before feeding his cock back into my mouth to eat the cum and lick him clean.

"Thanks" he said, finally fully relaxed and sitting back onto the bed. "I needed to get that out of my system. I need to get some sleep now"

I suddenly remembered where I was, my raging hard-on told me what I'd done hadn't been a dream I was on my knees giving Andy Mills the best room service I'd ever delivered. I realised I needed to get back to work, I'd been gone nearly an hour. I stood up and caught sight of myself in the mirror. Cum stained and a bit crumpled I stepped towards the bathroom.

Andy threw me the towel and toothbrush I'd brought up with me earlier, 

"I think you'll be needing these" – he laughed, cocky as hell.

He slipped off his footie socks, lay back on the bed still in his footie shirt, smiling to himself.

I quickly cleaned up and gained my composure, wished him luck in the match tomorrow and headed back down to reception. As I thought about how that arrogant fucker had used me, the whole scene flashed back before my eyes. 

I felt like a dirty bitch-boy. 

But not that dirty, as I adjusted my hard-on and tried to concentrate on the computer system – searching to see when Andy had his next hotel room booked!