 I had met Ron about six months earlier. My girlfriend Sue introduced me to Ron and his wife Carla. Our friendship had developed into a totally sexually uninhibited union with no reservations. We had swapped partners, watched Sue and Carla go at it and ultimately Ron initiated me into bi sex with him. We did all of this with all four in the same room, sometimes splitting off, and sometimes just two or three at a time. I became more comfortable with Ron and he and I would often meet once or twice a week.

As the weeks passed by, Ron assumed more of the alpha male role and I started to get more in touch with my fem side. Ron and I had similar bodies at six feet two but he was much more muscular and worked out frequently. As time went by, in our one on one meetings he would ask me to dress for him. Often this was wearing a pair of Carla's panties, usually a lacey thong. I enjoyed dressing up for him and when we would have sex, he always called my ass his pussy. He would suck my cock and I sucked his, but only my ass (his "pussy") was getting used. The more we had sex, the more vocal Ron became, asking me how much I loved being fucked by a real man, and could I take more. Ron was about seven inches so he certainly felt good, but I could take it all with ease. I loved taking him doggy style but really liked being on my back with Ron holding my legs up in the air. I liked looking at him as he fucked me and told me what a good slut I was and how he was going to pound his pussy and fill me with cum.

One Saturday, Ron called me and said Carla was out for a few hours and to come over for some fun, I quickly showered and ran over to his apartment. When I got there, Ron told me to go into his bedroom, put on what was on the bed and come out to the living room. I went into his room and saw a pair of bright pink panties. Of course they had a thong back. I put them on and took a quick peek at myself in the mirror. I always prided myself on having a great ass, and I really did look good in this pink thong.

I walked out into the living room ready to model my thong for Ron only to see another man sitting with him on the sofa. I turned and started back for the bedroom when Ron said stop. I did so. Ron instructed me to model for both of them and told me that this was his friend Denny. That name rang a bell since I remembered Carla talking about a man named Denny that she and Ron had met at a swingers party. I remembered her saying he had a huge cock.

I relaxed a bit and then started to walk back and forth letting Ron and Denny get a good look at me in my pink thong. Denny called me over and started to rub my ass cheeks and said I was one fine piece of ass. Denny was a mountain of a man. He looked like a lumberjack. He was about six feet four and at least two hundred fifty pounds and I could tell he was all man. As he rubbed my ass checks he stood up and told me to kneel in front of him. I looked at Ron and he smiled in agreement. Denny stood and started to remove his shirt and pull down his pants. He was quickly standing over me in just boxers. I could see by the lump in front of me there was some serious meet behind that fabric. Denny then instructed me to pull his boxers down. As I did, out came what can only be described as a magnificent cock. It was nine or ten inches long, thick as a can of Red Bull and hard as a rock.

Denny told me to show me what I could do and that Ron had told him that I had become an accomplished cock sucker. I started licking his balls and they felt great in my mouth. I licked up and down his shaft and thought how in the world could I suck this man. I put my mouth over the head of his cut cock and could only get about four inches into my mouth. I sucked on him and from his moans I knew he enjoyed it. This went on for about ten minutes until I heard Ron call us into his bedroom. Ron was lying on his bed naked and told us to join him. Denny got on the bed and rolled onto his back and told me to get between his legs and continue sucking. I was on my knees sucking Denny's huge cock when I felt Ron's familiar fingers applying that cold lube to my ass. I thought that Ron was going to fuck me while I sucked Denny but he then said Denny, your little slut is ready for you.

Now I had just spent ten minutes sucking Denny's big manhood. I couldn't believe that only the second cock I had ever sucked, and one so huge, was about to go up my ass. Ron then said to me that he always thought I could handle a bigger cock and here was my chance. I must admit, I was beyond horny at this point from sucking and was ready for what was about to happen.

Denny got behind me and pressed the tip of his cock up against me. He was gentle and slowly starting working the tip inside me. As I started to relax, I could take more and more of him and within a few minutes got used to how big around he was. He started to drive into me more and more and from the look on Ron's eyes and from the feeling in my stomach I knew I was taking a larger part of Denny. His pounding became harder and I knew I was taking all of this giant cock up me and enjoying every minute of it. Denny was telling me how tight I was and what a fine slut I was to take all of his cock. At this point, it was too much for Ron and he positioned himself where I could suck him while Denny fucked me. In no time, I felt Ron go off in my mouth and soon after felt what seemed like a gallon of hot cum go off in my ass.

Denny rolled off on one side of me and Ron on the other. I was pretty proud of myself and from the looks on their faces knew both were satisfied customers. I was sore for several days after Denny and never had sex with him again but Ron would always bring him up during sex saying I know you can handle a big one. I would always reply as I looked into his eyes and licked my lips... the bigger the better.