 I accidentally fucked my best friend's younger brother. Well maybe the right sentence should be, I picked up a fucking sexy twink at the bar and ended having my cock fully serviced by his talented hole all night without knowing he was my best friend's brother.

To make things worse, I HAVE bragged to my best friend Adam, about his brother's skills in bed. To my defense, neither of us knew we were talking about his brother then and even though we said we should be cool about it, the truth is... we're not.

It's not something you can just shrugged off as if it never happened. And it was apparent by the thick awkwardness that surrounded the room as we were having dinner together. Me, Adam, and Jimmy- his hot brother.

The two brothers were sitting side by side and I sat across from my roommate. We were eating quietly, hell, we have been quiet ever since the shocking reveal that morning. We were like three zombies living together, walking around the house, barely talking to each other.

"So how long will you be staying here, again?" Adam was the one who decided to break the silence.

Jimmy looked up from his plate and answered, "I planned to return to college in two weeks, will it be a burden if stay for the whole two weeks?"

"Not at all," I said.

Adam glared at me. I was still not used to his deathly stare and this one was unexpected, I was just trying to get into the conversation. 

He turned his face to his brother and said, "Well. You can stay as long as you want, buddy." Then continued, "That is if you don't mind sleeping on the couch."

Jimmy smiled at that. For a split second, I thought he was smiling at me but I quickly brushed it off. I still couldn't get my mind off his tight body that I have-

Fuck. I needed to stop thinking about that. I have promised my roommate not to do anything with his brother but it was so hard when he's such a cutie.

"I'll wash the dishes." Jimmy said as he got up and collected our plates.

He made a small trip to the sink and I couldn't help but notice how his hips would sway as he walked. He didn't walk like that before, is he doing it on purpose? Or are my eyes playing tricks on me? Anyways, I stared at it until I felt Adam stomped on my foot underneath the table.

"Ouch!" I half-shouted in reflex, not in pain. 

I showed my protest to Adam by looking at him. Gosh, I started to really hate that deathly glare. "I see what you're doing. Stop it."

"Okay okay, geez."

After that we tried to watch some TV show to ease off the awkwardness but it only made the situation worse. Adam had to make a point to sit between me and Jimmy on the couch. That was fucking ridiculous.

Thankfully, Adam seemed to have calmed down over the next few days. We were back to playful banter and jokes in no time. I learned some things about Jimmy too, turned out he was studying to be some kind of pharmacist. There was not a single mention of the 'incident'.

That didn't mean I haven't thought about it though. You would understand if you saw all the things Jimmy did around the house. 

He would wear oversized baggy silk pants as if to hide his body but whenever he sat with one of his knees bent, the fabric would slid down his thigh revealing his tight underwear. When he didn't wear those pants he would drop things and bent over to pick them up, showing the shape of his lovely bubble butt. They seemed to happen pretty innocently but I slowly started to think those weren't accidental.

There were also other things. Once he bought a cup of ice cream and I could've sworn he licked on his spoon a little too long. He also did the same thing to some of our fruits whenever Adam wasn't looking. One day he walked into my room in just a towel around his waist asking for a calculator.

I was glad he didn't do anything provocative when he tagged along with me and Adam to the gym. It wouldn't be cool to have an erection in public.

I was 99% sure he was trying to get me to fuck him again. However I wasn't leaving out the 1% chance that I was reading too much into it and just being a huge pervert. And so nothing actually happened. Until that one fateful night. Exactly one week after I picked Jimmy up from the club.

I just got home from work and I met Adam in the hallway. He was just about to take off.

"Hey man, I'm gonna buy some groceries. Want me to get you anything?" He asked smiling.

I returned the smile. "Hey. Can you get one of those noodles packs? You know, my favorite."

"Okay... I will write that down." Then he reached for something in his pocket and pulled out a piece of paper and a pen. "Anything else?"

"Maybe some milk too?"

He wrote that down too on his paper. "Okay, gotcha."

"Thanks for doing the groceries, man."

"No worries. It's my turn anyway." He said before walking away.

I walked to the apartment and got inside my room to change clothes. Before I even finished changing I suddenly felt very thirsty and had to get some water. I actually had only removed my work shirt, so I went to the kitchen still in my dress pants and tank top.

The first thing I saw when I walked into the kitchen was nothing I expected. I actually stopped dead in my tracks for a few seconds as I admired the view in front of me. There, leaning on the fridge, clad in his tight briefs, was Jimmy. Casually sipping on a glass of milk.

Fuck. His body was, ugh. I got weak staring at his slim and toned frame. So tight, so smooth... fuck.

My eyes were traveling from his legs, his lovely ass, his flat yet chiselled stomach, his toned chest, up to his cute face. His soft lips curved to a smile and his green eyes staring intently back at me.

"Oh Nate, I'm sorry! I didn't know you're already home." He said with a playful tone in his voice, but his body language is anything but surprised.

"Th-that's fine. I-i just need to get some water." I said groggily as I reached out to a bottle that was set on the table. I drank from that bottle, still staring at him, my lust grew hotter within every gulp.

He was staring at me staring at him. Fuck, he knew how sexy he looked and how it affected me.

I finally gained my confidence back and put the bottle back down on my table. "So... care to tell me where the fuck your clothes are?"

I watched him wiped off the milk on his upper lip and put down the glass as well. "They're in the laundry."

"Really?" I said with a smirk. "So you're not gonna wear anything even with Adam around?"

He chuckled. "Okay okay, you got me." He stepped forward towards me, my dick hardened with every step he took. When he was as close as an inch away from me he said, "I just want to get naked... with you."

I swallowed hard before saying, "As much as I would love that and how you been acting this past week, I'm afraid I can't do it."

His hands found their ways to wrap around my neck. "Well I can change your mind."

My cock was throbbing hard and painfully inside my pants. Fuck, I knew I could not resist if he decided to go further.

He grabbed one of my hands in his. "What are you doing?"

"Giving you what you want." He put it down on his waist. Then he did the same with the other one. Lust was clearly painted on his face.

I didn't move my hand as he once again wrapped his arms around my neck. I pulled his body closer to me until we were pressed together. I could feel the heat coming from his nearly-nude frame. Damn this guy has such a perfect body.

I didn't even realize that we were already in the middle of a deep kiss. My hands moved down to his ass and roughly groped it. He was pulling my hair just as roughly to deepened the kiss. 

I couldn't control my lust anymore, his hot ass felt so good in my strong hands. I massaged his mouth with my tongue and he was trying to do the same. We were so deep in our passionate kiss and trying to feel as much of each other's body.

Then suddenly reality hit me and I pushed him off me. We were both panting. "We... we can't do this," I looked straight into his eyes, "your brother will be furious."

"Well he's not here isn't he?" He dropped his hands to rest on my shoulder.

I never let my hands left his waist despite my hesitance. Slowly, I pulled him towards me again and said, "But he won't be gone long."

He put on that gorgeous smile of his. With his hands pulling me against him by my shoulder, he said, "Then we better make it quick."

It took less than one second for us to get connected in another passionate kiss. I pushed him roughly to the kitchen counter. And it wasn't long until I lifted him by his ass and carried him to my room.

Twenty minutes later, we were fully naked on my bed with him on all fours and me behind him. I fucked him doggy style facing the bedroom door.

"Oh my!!" He called out in pleasure as I pumped my hips forward, sliding my cock into his tight hole over and over again. "Ohhhh... SHIT!"

I was like an animal, quickly pumping my swollen cock into his hole. My dick was tingling in pleasure, and it felt like I was close to the edge, but I had been driven into a new plane of pleasure as I kept pounding into my best friend's brother.

"Fuck... FUCK! YES!" Jimmy squealed in pleasure as he drove his ass back into me. "Do me, Nate... FUCK ME!"

I was beyond words, groaning and grunting as I drilled into him. I looked down to see my throbbing shaft sliding in and out of him. His ass looked incredible in this position. I couldn't resist slapping his ass cheeks.

"AHHH! Fuck yeah!" He moaned out, throwing his head back in pleasure. I slapped his ass once again, "FUCK AHHHH!! Yeahhh Slap my ass baby, use me... ahHHHhHh... I love your dick so muuuuuch!"

I grunted tightly feeling him fucking back, furiously moving his ass back and forth to meet my every thrusts. I grabbed his hair roughly and pulled his head back while he was moaning and screaming. "You're such a dirty slut, ugh, you like my big dick fucking you?"

"Ahhhhh yes... yes... YES I love your dick, Nate! Fuck! I've never been stretched so wide, ahhh,... So fucking THICK." His words barely put together in between his moans.

"So goddamn tight! God!" I groaned as I pumped my ten inch cock inside him. I leaned forward over his back, still grabbing his head, and I licked one of his ears before whispering, "You're my slut and I would not stop fucking you until I come even if Adam walked in on us."

After hearing those words, his body began to shake uncontrollably beneath me. His ass was squeezing my dick tighter and his hands furiously grabbed onto the bed sheets.

"Mmm yeahhhh! YES... I love it! I don't want you to stop either... I don't care about Adam! I only care about you and your fucking monster cock fucking me, ahhhhhhhh... so good!!"

"Fucking nasty slut." I grunted as I let go of his head and leaned straight back to my initial position. My hands were back on his waist and I continued pumping into his fucking tight-as-hell hole hard and fast.

He really began to fuck back faster as he managed to keep up with my thrusts. It felt so damn good and the sight of my thick cock sliding in and out of his slutty ass was marvelous. Fuck. I'm getting close.

Then we both heard it.

Even through our rough fucking and the bed creaking over and over we could hear it. The sound of a door closing and lock clicking. Fuck. Adam was back from the shop.

I immediately put my right hand over Jimmy's mouth trying to cover his moans. Still, I couldn't stop myself from fucking his hole. The situation was fucking hot. There was no mistaking that Adam could hear our covered moans AND the sound of my thighs slapping against his brother's ass repeatedly.

I thought the talk about how we would continue fucking even with Adam around was just that, talk. But I realized how true it was at the moment. We just could not stop fucking. I kept pounding, feeling his ass squeeze my cock so tightly my dick could fall off and he kept pushing back against me trying to feel my huge shaft rearrange his insides.

Then the door handle moved. Fuck. This was it. There's no way we could get away with this.

It's like watching in slow motion as the door opened, revealing Adam standing behind it, but in reality it happened so fast I didn't have time to at least pull my dick out of his brother.

"Dude, did you see my-"

The door hang open and Adam stood there. Shocked at what was happening right in front of his eyes.

I didn't stop. I couldn't. Instead, I pulled my hand from Jimmy's mouth and put it on his waist and just fucked him harder.

"SHIT! Dude... I-i'm sorry. He's been teasing me, ahhh, all week!" I said as I pistoned my dick in and out, "I can't resist it this time... ahhhHH FUCK!"

My eyes were rolling to the back of my head, the pleasure was too good. Jimmy has such a perfect ass, damn!

Without my hands on his mouth, Jimmy's moans were wild and loud. Fuck he really just let it all loose right in front of his brother!

I saw Adam watched in horror as his brother moaned and shook uncontrollably.

Suddenly I felt Jimmy's ass tightened and I can't move my dick at all. He was squirming and he grabbed the bed sheets like he was about to rip it off. He was cumming. "OHH FUUUUUCK!" He yelled at Adam's face. I saw my roommate's eyes widened as he watched his brother cum with my dick in his ass.

But fuck. The way his walls squeezed my dick was too much and I knew my dick was about to explode.

"FUCK YEAH! I'm cumming! Fuck, take it slut!!"

Then my dick expanded and it shot a huge amount of loads repeatedly, deep in his hole. And he took it like the slut he is. He squirmed excitedly and screamed in joy. "Ohh yeah... shot it deep inside me! Fuck you don't seem to stop cumming, baby!"

Yeah. I kept unloading loads after loads deep inside him. To make things hotter, all of these happened in front of Adam. For some reason, he kept watching as I bred his younger brother, his Little Jimmy. In fact, he didn't move an inch since he walked in on us. It's like he was stunned.

When I had finally stopped cumming, Jimmy slammed himself down to the mattress, tired and used. I pulled my huge cock out of his ass and fell down on my back. Before I knew it, Adam had left the room leaving me and his brother panting after our huge orgasms.

Fuck. What have I done? Adam must be so angry at me. I really don't want to have a fight with him, we've been friends for forever.

I just lay there for the next fifteen minutes thinking about the consequences of what I did. Me and Jimmy didn't say a word to each other. It's like reality fell on us and we couldn't do anything anymore.

"Shit. I need to talk to him." I got up and quickly searched for my clothes. Once I got fully dressed I walked out leaving Jimmy alone and naked in my room.

I went to the living room and to the kitchen but I didn't find him. Eventually, I found him in his room, sitting on the bed. 

I walked up to him and said, "Hey listen, man-"

"It's okay." He cut me off. "I-I... don't mind... anymore, I guess."

I sat on the edge of the bed next to him. "Sorry I shouldn't have done that."

He turned to me. I didn't see anger in his face. He still looked a bit shocked but I knew he wasn't mad at me or Jimmy. "Dude. I told you it's okay."

I was confused as hell. "What do you mean?"

"Look, I saw everything and..." he paused, hesitating a little. "... and as much as I wanted to get angry at both of you, I can't." He paused again, obviously forming words in his mind about what he's going to say next. "I saw his face, Jimmy's face, and I've never seen him... happier."

I didn't know what to say. I expected him to shout at me or even kick me out but he didn't.

He talked once again, "You see, I'm not that close to my brother and that moment when I walked in on both of you, I looked at him, and he just seemed... well, happy. It's like he was having a moment and I just don't want to ruin it. Even if it involves getting hot and heavy with you."

A smile crept its way to my face and I laughed. "Really? You're not mad at me, like, at all?"

"How many times do I have to tell you? It's okay, dude." He answered laughing as well. "But you might want to lock the door next time. I don't want to get a heart attack."

"Damn. So you approve of us having a 'next time'?" I wiggled my eyebrows at him.

"Yeah yeah you get my permission. You can shut the fuck up now." He said, before hesitating once again. "Umm... but, can I ask you something?"

I nodded at him. What could he possibly ask after all this?

"Is he really... that good? I mean, he's not the only one who looked like he's having a good time and you were pretty loud too." He asked curiously.

Wow. My face turned hot, I was so fucking embarrassed. "Um yeah, he's definitely a good fuck, great even. I never cummed as hard as I did with him. He's a very talented bottom."

He stared at me blankly, and gulped after hearing my answers.

Somehow all this talk about his brother was turning me on. I caught a glimpse of him adjusting his pants a little. Was he... getting hard?

"Why do you ask, mate? Do you want to try it out?" I smirked.

"Wh-wh-... I-" He stuttered. Fuck could he possibly, potentially, might actually want to fuck his brother? That's so fucking hot. "I mean, I'm not as hot as you." He said looking me up and down.

That's the confirmation. He didn't immediately say no to my question. He definitely wanted to get a taste of Jimmy. Shit, my dick was getting harder.

"I think he would be down to suck your dick. He's a total slut." I said still smirking.

I saw a small smile forming on his lips but it only lasted less than a second. Still, it further confirmed my suspicion. "Well you're still in the picture so... wait, why are we talking about this? I don't want to fuck him! He's my brother!"

I laughed and said, "Hey I don't judge, man. I'm just stating the facts, he definitely wants your dick."

He was blushing furious red. "That's enough, Nate!"

I got up and walked to the door. Before getting out, I shot him another smirk. "Whatever floats your boat."

I returned to my room to find Jimmy still naked on my bed. He looked terrified. "What did he say? Is he mad at me? Oh God he must hate me now."

I chuckled. "No he's not mad at you. Or at any of us for that matter." My mind kept creeping back to the conversation and my dick was getting hard again. "In fact, he kinda gave us permission."

"What do you mean?" He looked unsure but I knew that deep down he was excited to hear it.

"What I mean is we..." I ran my hands down to my pants' zipper and pulled out my hardening cock, "...could have all the fun we want and he won't be mad. At all."

His eyes widened and his dick harden. "B-but... What did you say to convince him?"

I smiled. "Nothing. He said he wanted you to be happy and such. Whatever it is, you're getting this dick again tonight."

Then I saw he licked his lips and every doubt was washed away from him, replaced with a hunger towards my huge 10 inch cock that had stood proudly, ready and fully-erect. I moved towards him and he put his hands forward to grab my cock, both of us swallowed by lust.

Needless to say, we fucked over and over again that night and in between those hours of pleasure, my mind kept going back to Adam. To how excited he had been when we're talking about Jimmy. Fuck. The thought of tossing this hot twink back and forth with my best friend as our slut, all night long, was fucking hot, and the fact the they're brothers made it even hotter! I fucked Jimmy harder than before that night.

Jimmy only had one week left before he had to go back to his college and I was determined to make the next seven days a moment he will never forget. Throughout the weekend, he still played his teasing game on me but this time, every time he bent over or show a bit of his underwear, I could see at the corner of my eyes, Adam tried to adjust his crotch. And every time I saw he did that, I took Jimmy to my room and I fucked him as hard as I could, making sure Adam could hear the loud moans of his brother. I didn't expect anything to come out of it but something happened on Monday that I'm sure will change everything.
