 THURSDAY NIGHT

"Come on, man, just tell me what cheat codes did you use."

God. Adam, my roommate, had been asking that question for the last two hours we're playing a video game. I kept winning and he kept accusing me of using cheat codes or whatever. I didn't, and at this point I had got extremely annoyed by him.

"Dude. How many times do I have to tell you I don't use any cheat codes? Just face it, you're bad at this game."

"Oh fuck you. There's no way we're on our tenth game and I still haven't won yet without you cheating the shit out of it."

I chuckled. "It's not my fault you don't know how to play shits." As I said that, I put down my console, picked up my beer from the coffee table, and took a sip.

I could hear Adam groaned next to me. "Fuck this shit. I'm done playing."

I turned to look at him. He chugged down his beer, looking frustrated. He was wearing a simple white t-shirt and sweatpants. His dark hair had been cut short a few days ago, making his angular jaw looked prominent on his handsome face. His body was lithe and muscular from routine trip to the gym.

In short, he looked hot. I wasn't attracted to him or anything, though. First of all, he's straight. Second, I have a quite specific taste in men and well... he isn't it. And to top it all off, I only ever saw him as my best friend. We used to play together for the football team in college and been best friends ever since. When we graduated, we moved in together to this apartment since we got jobs in the same town.

He didn't care that I'm gay and I obviously has no issues with heterosexuals. I would bring guys home to fuck and he would bring girls. As far as I knew, it never changed our friendship.

"Hmm what are you looking at?" He smirked at me.

"Nothing. Just making sure you're not crying after all those losses, man."

"Cut it off!" He exclaimed loudly and I laughed at that. He took another sip of his beer before he dropped the news. "Oh almost forgot to tell you. Mr. Johns dropped by to remind us that our rent is due in a week"

I raised my eyebrow before saying, "I gave you my part of the payment already. You just need to give it to him."

"Fuck really? Sorry man I forgot. It has been a rough couple weeks at work"

I nodded. "What happened?"

"Just normal stuff. Except everyone in the office was assigned to thrice the job we've been assigned for previously so it's a clusterfuck"

I wasn't paying attention to what he's saying so out of formality, I said, "Well I hope everything works out fine."

"Thanks." I nodded again. "I think I have to go to sleep now. G'night." He said as he stood up and left to his room.

"G'night."

I started picking up the snacks plate and beer bottle when I received a text. I looked at the caller's name, Ryan, and smiled. I quickly cleaned up the living room and went to my room. I stripped down to my boxers and laid on my bed. Finally, I opened up the text from Ryan and read it.

'Hey handsome'

I smirked. Ryan was a guy I fucked about a week ago. A very cute brown-haired twink with a nice tight body and a perky ass. And, he's a great fuck. Shit, just thinking about him had made me start to get hard. I replied. 

'Hey you. What's up'

It didn't take long for him to reply. 

'Well I'm up, if you know what i mean ;-) '

I bit my lip trying to control my lust.

'Oh, and how do i suppose to know you're not lying'

I hit send and waited several minutes. Then he made another reply.

'I can show you'

A second later, a photo was sent. Holy fuck, it was... it was... My semi-erect dick was starting to throb inside my boxers. I had to pull it out of my boxers and started stroking it up and down.

It was a photo of him holding his phone, standing in front of his bathroom mirror, only with a small tight brief on and he was turning sideways so I can see the shape of his perky ass. His upper body was completely exposed, showing his thin but perfectly toned chest and torso. He was holding his package in his left hand and I can see that he wasn't lying about being 'up'. I bit my lip and quickly typed a reply.

'God damn you're such a hot slut!'

He wasted no time in replying too.

'What about you, nate?'

My smile got wider. As I continued stroking my cock, I replied.

'What about me?'

'Show me that you're up'

'Demanding much'

'Please, baby, I show you mine. Please show me yours'

Right then, he sent another photo. Fuck this one was even sexier than the first one. My dick became fully erect at the sight of it. He was now standing without his tiny briefs on with his back facing the mirror. His neck was turned so I can see his cute face in the reflection on the mirror. This time I could see his beautiful bubble butt clearly. Fuck I just wanted to dive my face in between those supple ass cheeks and ravished his tight, slutty hole.

That was so hot. At that point, I forced myself to get up from my bed and with my boxers still around my thighs, I went to the bathroom. I didn't even care if Adam caught me with my dick out or whatever. All I care about was the fact that I'm sexting with this fucking sexy piece of ass.

'Tell me what you want me to show you'

'Please let me see your cock, baby. Your huge fat cock. I really want to see it, please?'

I wasn't gonna tease him anymore. I took a photo of myself in the bathroom mirror with my cock in my hand. I made sure my muscles looked big and hard. I'm very proud of my body. I spent hours at the gym to get the body that would impress all the slutty guys. I love the slutty twink type guys and I know exactly what turned them on. I flexed my biceps and admired how strong they looked. My pecs are big and my abs are very well-defined. My fully-erect, super thick 10 inch cock, which I know how to use, had also helped.

Hell yeah, Ryan is so gonna jerk off to this. Smiling, I sent the photo to Ryan and ran back to my bed.

'Enjoy this pic, slut'

'omg thank you so much!!'

I didn't bother to reply any further. I clicked on the photos Ryan sent me and started really pleasuring myself. I held my phone in my left hand as I worked on my cock, hard. I imagined playing with his fucking tight body, running my hands up and down his torso, stroking his chest, rolling his nipples. FUCK! He's gonna scream my name as he felt my strong arms roughly groping his body. And that ass, damn! I wanted to fuck it as hard as I can, making him scream in both pain and pleasure. Thoughts are running wildly inside my head as I jerked my huge cock faster. Ryan looked so slutty in this photo, hell, he IS slutty!

For about 15 minutes, I laid on my bed, phone in hand and my cock in the other hand. I wanted to fuck Ryan in every positions imaginable. I could just hear him moan and scream in my head, begging me to screw his tight hole senseless. What makes it even hotter was the fact that he without a doubt was also doing the same thing in his room. Jerking off, playing with his hole, maybe with help from a couple toys. Fuck, the thought of Ryan playing with himself is equally as hot. I furiously jerked my huge cock impatiently, waiting for my inevitable orgasm. Just when I thought this couldn't get any better, I got a notification that said he had sent me another photo. I clicked on the notification which directed me to the photo. It was a photo of his toned stomach splattered with cum, his cum.

'Oops... Look at the mess you caused... stud.'

I jerked my cock even harder. My erection was as hard as a granite, but I still needed more than that to cum. For a few seconds, I neglected my erection to type in something to him.

'Send me your hole pic'. 

That's it. Very straight-forward. I just need so badly to cum.

He replied quickly. 'Anything for you, baby'

I waited for a minute until he sent me the requested photo. His hole looked even more delicious than I remembered. 

'Fuck yeah, what an obedient slut. Bet you been playing with that ass for awhile, huh, thinking about me. Slut.'

He had about three fingers in the opening of his hole. I imagined those fingers were mine, roughly and quickly playing with his tight asshole. After that, my imagination only got wilder. In my head I was spreading his ass cheeks so I can bury my face in between them, licking, biting, and sucking on his beautiful hole. 

He had sent more replies but I was too occupied with my fantasy to notice. Again and again I slid my hands up and down my cock, I could feel my orgasm coming. Eventually though, I noticed his replies.

'you're so right. I wish you were here stud, so I can take a ride on your monster cock all night. I'll let you fuck me any way you want. God I think about your huge fucking dick all week!'

My desire to cum got even higher. I knew my orgasm is coming, really, really soon. I stroked my granite-hard erection faster. Shit my breathe has become more unsteady as I'm coming close to an orgasm and finally, about 5 minutes after that last message, I felt my balls tightened.

"AGHHHHHHH!" My dick knob got too much to handle and I sprayed a powerful load out of my cock. It was a huge load, I kept spraying cum all over my chest and over my bed sheets too. It felt like forever until it finally calmed down.

I looked down at my softening organ, and all the mess it has caused. There were loads of cum on my bed sheets, on my abs and chest, and some nearly reach my chin. I quickly took a picture of the post-orgasm sight and sent it to Ryan.

'This must be the view that you wanted huh'

'Fuck! I'd LOVE to clean you up. How come your cock still look so big after all THAT mess??? Oh God I wanted to feel it inside me so badly!'

I can't help but to feel proud of myself. This is the reason why I'm so grateful I was well-endowed. All the cute guys, all the cute slutty guys, were drawn to it and they would let me play their tight hot body any way I want it as long as they're getting dicked down by me.

'Yeah I want to fuck your tight body too. You're such a sexy cock whore. Am I right'

'YES you're absolutely right. I'm your slut. You can use my body as you like it, whenever, however you want'

'Whenever?'

'Mhmm yes please. I want you to pound me to oblivion with that monster cock of yours. In fact can I ride your cock tomorrow night? Please please??? I really need it??'

I smiled lustfully. Do I want to fuck him again tomorrow? Heck yeah. This one fucking sexy twink basically handing over all his body to me, I could NEVER say no to that.

'Shit. Of course. Meet me at the bar tomorrow night. You better get yourself ready cause I'm gonna fuck you all night long'

'YES THANK YOU!! I'll see you tomorrow, stud ;-) Can't wait! :) '

Holy fuck. What a fun night. It didn't take long for me to fall asleep after that, not even bothering about cleaning up the mess I made.

-------

FRIDAY MORNING

"Hot date with your hands last night?"

I could feel my face getting red as the blood rushed to my head. I was just eating my breakfast peacefully when suddenly I heard Adam's voice right behind me. This bastard. "Fuck off, man."

He chuckled. "Awww... Nate. I'm so happy you can finally settle down, even though it's with your own hands." And he laughed even harder. This guy really thought he's a genius or something?

"Whatever, man. I'll just let you know that this really hot guy was sending pics and basically offered himself to me so... I'm going to fuck him tonight, after work. I suggest you get yourself a playlist of loud songs that you will listen through your headphones over the sound of us fucking."

Now it's his time to turn all red. "Are you fucking serious?" I knew exactly what he was thinking, "Really, no matter how loud I set up the volume on my phones, I can still hear your...urm, lovers,... screaming and shit."

I just smiled and said. "Well it's not fault I fuck them so good they can't keep their composure. Why mate, you want to try it out?" I ended the last part with a smirk.

His face turned an even darker shade of red as he shouted, "NO WAY!"

"Suit yourself, then." I said with a chuckle. I made a mental note to myself to fuck Rhyan as hard as possible tonight. I felt my dick twitch. Then I quickly finished my breakfast, got dressed, and head off to work.

--------

FRIDAY EVENING

I could barely keep my dick in my pants. I had been thinking about all the fun I will have with Ryan tonight. I kept thinking about his hot body while I'm at work. Fuck.

I was standing in front of my closet, picking clothes that I will wear to the club tonight. Not that it matters much though, since I won't be there long and it definitely won't stay on any longer, but I still wanted to look as good as possible.

I finally found the perfect outfit to wear. I put them on and admired myself in the mirror. I was wearing a tight pair of jeans and an even tighter heart-red t-shirt and I loved how much they showed off my muscles. I did a double check on what I had on. Perfect, I said to myself and took off.

After waiting for a couple minutes, my ordered ride came and I quickly got in. During the ride, I checked my phone to see if there were any texts from Ryan. There isn't. The last text was from last night. I felt like there's something wrong so I shoot him a text.

'Hey don't forget tonight. I'll be waiting at the bar.'

To kill time while the driver took me to the bar, I opened the pictures of Ryan up and got horny again. Fuck, all the dirty thing I'll do to him...

When I finally got to the place, my favorite gay club, I digged my way up through the crowd and on to the bar.

"Hey! Looking good tonight, Nate!" the blonde bartender said right after I sat on one of the barstools.

"Thanks. You too, Cas." I replied nicely. Well, maybe not so nicely as I ran my eyes over his clothed body. I had sneaked off and fucked him a couple times. He was a good fuck but his ass wasn't as hot and tight as Ryan's. His cocksuking skills though, damn... I'm pretty sure he's one of the best out there.

I watched him blush but he tried to hide it. "So.. you'll have the usual, I guess?"

"Yeah" I nodded to him and he served me the drink.

Taking a sip from my drink, I felt my phone buzzed. This must be Ryan, I thought. I opened it excitedly. Well, I was right that the text was from Ryan but what I read was a surprise.

'Erm... I don't know how to say this... I can't make it tonight, there's a death in my family and i have to fly out tonight, sorry baby this is an emergency I'll make sure to make it a double next time ...'

To say that I was shocked was an understatement. I was furious. I mean, I couldn't exactly blame him. I would do the same thing if I were in his position but, I. AM. HORNY. I texted him my condolences to his family and closed my phone.

Damn it. He had got me all worked up today and now I was frustated. I still had a raging boner, I need to do something about it. Thankfully I was at a bar with so many young guys who had their eyes on me but still, Ryan was the one I wanted to fuck!

I took another sip of my drink before looking all over the place. There were lots of guys dancing on the floor and hanging by the bar as per usual on a friday night. My raging boner was begging for release and I need to find someone to fulfill my needs quick.

Eventually, my eyes fell on a dark-haired guy who was sitting alone on the opposite side of the bar. He was cute, slim, and has delicious-looking lips. Yes he's the closest thing to Ryan I could find now.

I stood up from my seat and approached him before taking a seat right next to him. Hmm, he looked even hotter up close. I stole a glance of what he's wearing, a white polo shirt and short khaki pants. I started to imagine how he'd look like naked when suddenly he broke me from my thoughts.

"Hello to you too, handsome pervert."

He totally caught me off guard. I didn't expect him to catch me stealing glances at him and I was surprised to see him looking at me with a gorgeous smile on his face.

"Um, hi, sorry... if I made you uncomfortable," Shit. The last time I stuttered while talking to a guy was... high school? I don't know, it was a long time ago. But then I pulled myself together and continued confidently, "I just can't take my eyes off of someone as cute as you." 

He replied, still with that flirty gorgeous smile, "Oh thanks I was starting to worry all these guys aren't interested in me. I mean, I'm just sitting alone here until you come."

"Really? You have nothing to worry about, you're pretty hot," I said as once again, I took a good look at his body up and down. At this point, I knew he was fishing for compliments but I'll just go away with it. "It's just, you know, sometimes you have to make the first move."

He stared at me for a while before saying, "I don't know, I'm actually pretty shy," Sure you are, slut. "But you really looked like someone who's confident enough to make the first move, maybe you can show me?"

It was his turn to look me up and down and judging from the way he licked his lips I knew he liked what he saw. It was subtle but I noticed it.

"Well I prefer if I just demonstrate it on you." I said. We both laughed. Then I noticed a small suitcase sitting between his feet. I nodded towards it and asked him, "You're not from around here?"

He answered, "No, I'm just here to visit a friend for a couple days. Just arrived tonight but I don't know where to find his address, I mean I have it but I don't know where to get there, so I think I'll relax here for tonight."

I raised my eyebrow, "So instead of asking people where your friend lived, you asked where the gay bar is."

"Oh right. Maybe I was just hoping to get laid on my first night here, I don't know."

Damn. He's getting straightforward. I need to keep up with him. "Yeah? So what do you think about a dance before you went to somebody's home?"

He took a final sip of his drink and said to me, "Sure. A dance with you sounds good." He stood up and grabbed my hand in his, "Come on."

I followed him down to the dancefloor. I stared at his backside while we walked. I couldn't help it, he had such a nice ass. I wondered how smooth it was.

The music was blasting and we started dancing to the beat. I might come off as such a douche at times, but I know how to let loose and have fun. As the music progressed to a more upbeat song, the dance floor were getting wild. People were throwing their hands in the air and just swinging their bodies left and right, me included.

I never left my attention on the hot dark-haired twink though. The entire time I was dancing, I couldn't keep my eyes off his body. He looked fucking fantastic right then, with his body moving so gracefully.

Then I met his eyes. I could see the same burning lust I have right then. With a sexy seductive smile, he said, "You know you can touch, right?" With that, he wrapped his arms around my neck and pull me closer to him. I automatically put my arms around him and rested them on his waist, just above his butt. 

And we kept dancing like that. Our bodies clunged tight to each other. It started to look more like grinding against each other rather than just dancing. God, please have mercy on me. His body felt amazing on mine, just the way I like it. Slim and toned, and tight. I couldn't hold myself back from grabbing his bubble butt. I squeezed it roughly through his short shorts and I could have sworn I was in heaven. Fuck, it was perfectly nice and perky. Seriously an ass that perky, it must be a tight squeeze.

He also very clearly took advantage of the situation. His hands kept rubbing on my broad shoulders and my arms, feeling my biceps. He even put his hands on my chest and digged his fingers onto it. I took pride on my body. I love having this strong muscular body from going to the gym four times a week. I kept telling myself that my motivation was just to be healthy but I always liked the ego boost from the attention I got from guys and girls alike, especially guys that looked like this sexy twink.
