 Matt was definitely crossing some boundaries this morning. He was sitting on his bed in his shared dorm room with his hand in his open pants and his nose buried in his roommate's sweaty white cotton boxer briefs. His roommate was out for a run after lifting at the gym. After he stopped in their room to change into his running shorts Matt could not resist. He had been stroking and edging himself for about 15 minutes now. Matt was a relatively good looking guy – better looking than he thought he was – tall skinny kid with long brown hair – hairy legs and some hair on his belly and a little more every year on his chest. His roommate was as hot as shit – straight, tall thin Italian kid – thin and muscular – black hair all over – probably had a hot dick from what Matt could tell but he rarely got a look at it. All he knew as that he wanted it really bad. Right now he was just lost in the musky smell of Chris' underwear. So lost he just barely heard the door open and jammed the underpants under his sheets. Still, he was sitting there with his jeans unzipped and a hard on showing through is underwear when Chris walked in. It was tough not to look guilty.

"Having fun man?" Chris asked as he shut the door behind him.

"Fuck – just getting ready for class man. Got a little distracted"

"I can see that," said Chris. Matt could smell him from his bed – Chris must have just run 5 miles or so and was covered with sweat. His shorts were so wet from sweat that Matt could see every detail of Chris's cock. "Hey man, you see where I put my underpants? They were right here on my bed." 

"Don't know man," said Matt. "You sure you left them there?" Matt was up now and zipping up his pants. Chris looked over at his bed and saw a corner of his briefs showing under Matt's sheets.

"Hey dude, they're under the sheet on your bed!" Chris reached over and pulled the briefs from under Matt's sheet. "This is definitely them." Matt just stood there – his face getting red and having no idea what to say. "You fucking queer man? You were just jacking to my underwear? What the fuck."

"Look Chris – really, I don't know what to say – I don't know what got into me..."

"I know what got into you man – you want my dick is what got into you."

"Man, please, sorry, please don't tell anyone. I don't know what I was thinking – just got carried away.

"Why don't you get carried away on this man?" Chris stood in front of him and grabbed his own cock through his shorts – clearly getting a little chubbed too."

"man, I can't.. I couldn't..."

"Get on your knees dude – you know you want to suck it "

Matt got on his knees in front of Chris. He actually did want Chris's cock – he had wanted it since the day he met him when he moved in the room. He had wanted his cock and so much more. Chris stood about 5 inches in front of him. His wet sweat shorts choking him in a deep odor of musk and sweat. Matt couldn't help himself. Without hesitation he sucked Chris's head through this sweaty running shorts. He could feel Chris' already hardening cock respond even more.

"Yeah man," Chris moaned. "take that cock dude." Matt took his cock even deeper into his mouth through Chris' shorts and the same time he was pulling them down. Chris' cock popped out of his shorts as Matt pulled them down around his legs. Chris' groin was sweaty and musky as hell. The smell totally overwhelmed Matt to the point he almost came himself. He buried his face in Chris's groin and licked his balls and under his balls half way to his hairy ass. Chris moaned and pushed his groin further into Matt's face. Matt twisted his face upwards and backwards as he worked his tongue into Chris' ass hole while Chris stood over him.

"Fuck!!" Chris exclaimed. "Fuck dude – push your tongue into my hole." He bent forward and spread his hairy ass cheeks as Matt work his tongue as far up Chris' hole as he could. It smelled so good! Hot and musky – cleaned through with sweat but just the slightest smell of shit. Matt ate Chris' hole while he reached around him and stroked his rock hard cock. His tongue all the way up into Chris' ass hole.

"Dude, I am gonna cum. I can't hold it – you are fucking driving me wild." Matt quickly switch positions and took Chris' cock all the way into his throat at the same time two of his fingers replaced his tongue in Chris's hot ass hole. Chris was moaning like wild now and pushing his cock hard into Matt's throat. Matt could feel the head of Chris' cock swell even bigger and then explode hot cum into his mouth. He swallowed it – he swallowed all of it and Chris came hard and a lot. Matt held Chris hairy ass in his hands as he kept his cock in his mouth and kept swallowing, loving the hot stream of semen gushing into his mouth and down his throat. Finally, Chris stopped and pulled his cock out of Matt's mouth. He ran his hands through Matt's hair and he tried to keep standing on his now shaking legs.

"Damn man. You fucking blew my mind man. You're gonna suck me a lot from now on. Whenever I want it."

"Whenever you want it man," Matt said, still on his knees. "I'll do whatever you want whenever you want it."

Chris pulled up his running shorts up, covering his hot spent cock which was still somewhat hard. "That was hot man. I mean it. You really like doing that?"

"Yeah man, I really like doing it. I mean it, whenever you want it."

Chris stood in front of Matt, still on his knees, and ran his fingers though Matt's hair. He titled Matt's head so that Matt's eyes where in line with Chris' waist. "You see how my fingers are here man?" Chris had his thumb in his waist band, his pinky tucked back and his three middle fingers extended below his waist band and spread out,"

"Yeah."

"From now on if you see me do this, and I want you to be watching for me to do it always, if you see me do it it means I want you on your knees and sucking my cock. You good with that?"

"Yeah."

"Because if I ever make this signal and you don't get on your knees right away, you will never suck my cock again."

"I got it man."

"And if I'm with anyone – one guy or more than one guy, you have to do it – no exceptions – you ever decline and you never get it again.

Shit, Matt thought, this is fucking hot. This is fucking serious. "I got it man. I got it."

"And if you ever talk about sucking my dick, even to me, it's all over. I may very well need it more than once a day." Chris grabbed his keys and headed to the door. "Off to practice man – I'll be back in a few hours. I may be looking for you." He shut the door behind him. Matt got up and sat on his bed. Fucking hot. He was still as hard as a rock. Chris had stopped him before he jerked off earlier and he was horny enough to cum. He reached for Chris' underwear that were still on his bed and covered his face with them. Damn he smelled musky hot. The smell almost made him cum right there. There was a knock at the door. What? Fuck? He got up and opened the door.

"Hey man." It was Joe. Cute guy. Sandy brown hair, probably a two week beard, thin – wearing loose brown jeans and a t shirt. He had a kind of musky smell to him – like he had been running around or hadn't showered today, or yesterday. Joe was kind of a stoner – smart kid but liked pot. Matt didn't know him really well but had always thought he was hot when he saw him around. What could he want?

"Hey man. Cmon in. What's up?"

"Heh." Joe came in and shut the door behind him. "Ha. Kind of embarrassing man... but.." Joe looked at Matt and blushed a bit. Damn he was hot. What was he out of pot or something? Matt didn't have any so he was looking in the wrong place. Joe adjusted his cock or something and smiled – hot. What's up? 

"Hate to say man, but, but I happened to walk by about 5 minutes ago and your door was opened a crack." What? He saw Matt sucking off Chris? This was embarrassing. 

"Yeah?" Matt didn't want to say anything he didn't need to – maybe Joe was referring to something else.

"Ha." Joe adjusted himself or something again. "Just, I'm kinda horny now – can't stop thinking about it." Are you kidding me? He wants a blow job?

"Fuck man." Said Matt. He thought for a second but not much longer and got on his knees in front of Joe.

"Shit man" said Joe. "Fuck – never done this before." Matt quickly unbelted and unzipped Joe's pants, pulled down his boxer briefs and took his musky cock into his mouth. It was semi hard and smelled musky as hell, tasted a little dirty like he hadn't showered in a couple days. Joe quickly hardened and swelled into Matt's mouth. "Uhhhhh. Fuck dude. Damn. This is hot." Matt was holding Joe's hairy ass in his hands while he worked his cock into his mouth and deep into his throat. "Fuck dude – I haven't cum in like a week."

Joe's cock was deep in Matt's throat – it was hot – Joe was a hard as a rock and fucking Matt's face with a fury . The smell was overwhelming. Joe truly had probably not showered in a week. Matt could smell the stale dirty musk of his crotch. Just for kicks he ran his fingers over Joe's asshole and ran it in front of his nose. Nasty, the smell and musk was overpowering. Overpowering but still tempting. Matt pushed Joe on to his bed and pulled his pants further down his legs. He shifted his tongue down to Joe's balls while he worked his cock with his hand. "Fuck man," moaned Joe. Matt pushed Joe's hairy legs up as he worked his tongue below Joe's balls to the skin between his balls and ass – the smell was more overpowering than ever. Matt looked at Joe's asshole – hairy and open – one of those holes that are wide open. Matt couldn't resist, even with the smell he dived in, tongue first – a thousand smells and tastes assailed him, he worked his tongue far into Joe's hole. "Holy Fuck man! Jesus! Holy shit!" Joe was writhing in ecstasy as Matt's tongue went deeper into his smelly hole, It was so open, so inviting – he ate Joe's hole with relish – tongue as far in as he could get it – mouth sucking and eating everything he could get – he loved the musky shitty smell, the deep inviting open musky hole. Joe was really feeling it now, moaning and writhing as Matt plunged his tongue deeper into his hole and stroked Joe's hard cock.

Matt's cock was throbbing as he unbelted and unzipped his own pants. His own 7.5 inch cock was as hard as a rock and dripping with precum. He couldn't help himself – Joe's ass was dripping with Matt's spit and saliva. Matt stood up and pushed his cock into Joe's asshole. "Fuck dude! No dude, fuck, no man!" Joe protested as Matt's cock slowly pushed into his hole. "Fuck man that hurts dude." Matt stopped pushing but did not take his cock out. He kept stroking Joe's cock which had momentarily softened but was hard again. Joe was breathing hard. "Fuck man. Fuck fuck fuck. Your cock feels good in my ass man. But I can't dude..." Matt pushed his cock further into Joe's asshole as he felt some walls ease up. He pushed his cock all the way into Joe's ass. "Dude." Joe was breathing hard and pushing his ass against Matt's cock. "This is the first time man. Fuck this is hot. Fuck, I didn't know I wanted this so fucking bad." Matt started fucking Joe, easy at first and then pounding his ass. He leaned forward and pushed his tongue hungrily into Joe's mouth while he fucked him. Joe offered no resistance and probed his own tongue into Matt's mouth. Matt pulled off his shirt and then Joe's shirt. He buried his face and mouth into Joe's foul armpits. He ate from them. Joe moaned.

"Fuck man, I am going to cum dude – this is too much. Unhhhhhh!" Joe arched his back and a rope of cum exploded from his cock all over his hairy abs and chest and up to his chin. Matt pulled out after a few more pumps and ate Joe's cum from his sweaty body while stroked his own cock. He could feel his own cock ready to explode, he stood on his toes and pulled Joe's face and mouth to his cock. He came long and hard and he came into Joe's mouth. Joe tried to avoid at first and then let it in – he took Matt's cock into his mouth as it pumped out hot sperm and swallowed it while Matt held the back of his neck 

Matt collapsed on the bed on his back lying next to Joe. "Damn that was hot. You have to stop over more often man. I didn't want to cum today but I couldn't help it."

"That was fucked up man. Fucked up. Who knew. That blew my mind."