 I was obviously nervous after Rob had shot his wad in my mouth, due to the increasingly submissive position I was finding myself in. But part of me figured, he’d be a bit easier on me, given that he had received a blowjob from a guy, and certainly that was something he’d want to keep secret.

I barely even saw him the day after I’d had him in my mouth. I kind of wanted to, even though I had no idea what I would have said to him if I’d had the chance. Then a couple days later, when I was in the kitchen grabbing some food, I heard my cousin James complain to Rob about how he’d left a pile of dirty dishes in the sink. At the moment I thought little of it.

“It’s cool,” Rob suddenly hollered. “Cory said he’d take care of those for me.”

“What the fuck?” James laughed. “Cory’s gonna wash your dishes?”

“Yeah, right man? Remember you said you’d clean those?” Rob belted in my direction. He was playing a video game and barely looked in my direction.

I stumbled on my speech momentarily, unsure how to react. I was shocked Rob was taking my humiliation public, even in a seemingly marginal way. Again, it seemed I had no option to challenge him.

“Uh yeah, I got ‘em,” was all I managed to stammer. I glanced briefly at Cory, who stared at me a moment with a look of confusion and what I perceived as a bit of disgust. But I went about my business and ignored him as best I could, ate my plain turkey sandwich, and washed both mine and Rob’s dishes.

I was up late the next night working on an assignment when my phone buzzed. I looked and saw it was a text from Rob.

‘Hey come over real quick,’ it said.

‘I can’t, I’m working on a project due tomorrow,’ I typed and sent to him.

A moment later my phone pinged again: ‘LOL, come over. I gotta show you something.’

I needed to work on the assignment, given I’d been procrastinating all day and had to finish, but I started to head to his room anyway. Obviously, Rob knew I’d do pretty much anything he said, and the reason I’d been procrastinating was that I was fantasizing about taking his cock in my mouth again.

When I got into his room, he was seated in front of his computer. He was wearing a T-shirt and his typical athletic shorts with headphones on and watching porn. On his computer screen a blonde with big tits was on her knees in front of a muscular guy and happily licking and sucking his giant cock. Rob took off his headphones when I came into the room and turned toward me.

“You like that?” he asked. “Check out her tits. Pretty hot right?”

“Yeah. She’s hot,” I responded, glancing around nervously.

“Yeah right, you didn’t even notice her tits. I tell you what, grab something new from the dresser,” he said nodding in the direction.

“But the guys are all here ...” 

“Seriously, get something new from the dresser,” Rob said, cutting me off. “They’re asleep. No one’s gonna hear about what a cocksucker you are tonight.” 

I walked over to his dresser and leaned over to open the bottom drawer, where I knew he kept the sexy women’s clothing. I reached my hand to the back and pulled out pretty much the first thing I could find, which happened to be a lacy, purple boyshort.

Rob seemed to be pretty well absorbed in the porno, sitting in front of his computer with his headphones back on and given that he’d asked me to pick out something new, I figured I’d go ahead and put it on. I slipped off my own T-shirt, shorts and boxer briefs and slipped on the boyshorts, which glided into the crevice of my ass and were pretty much see through.

I looked at myself in his mirror, pleased with how I looked and was suddenly glad that earlier in the day, while showering, I’d decided to shave the hair around my balls and ass, leaving only a small patch above my penis, which was now hard and held upward by the frilly undergarment.

When I walked back toward Rob I was a bit surprised to find that he’d cast off his athletic shorts and was now gazing at his computer, lazily stroking his cock. The woman with big tits was now bent over with the guy plowing into her from behind. When Rob realized I’d put on the women’s underwear and was now standing in front of him, he took off his headphones and gazed at me.

“Is this OK?” I asked, feeling exposed and sexy for him.

“Turn around,” he replied. I turned away from him and arched my back to make myself more available. He reached toward me and I could feel the strong fingers of one of his hands start to caress between my thighs while the other hand glided along the side of my bottom.

I leaned back and into him, giving him a somewhat awkward lap dance, as I’d never done anything like that before, even though I found that grinding my hips toward his erect penis came naturally to me. I gasped lightly when I felt his hot hard cock rub against the outside of the panties and worried for an instant that he’d heard me, but I carried on anyway.

“Holy shit man, you shaved yourself? You’re smooth and clean. Nice,” I heard him say. He pushed my hips forward and smacked my ass a couple times. I turned around to face him and dropped to my knees as we’d both known that’s why he’d texted me in the first place. As he sat in his chair looking down at me, I started licking his balls and up his shaft, swirling my tongue near the tip.

“Yeah, you like that cock don’t you?” he said looking down at me.

“mmm hmmm,” I replied making eye contact with him while licking around the head of his dick. “You taste good.”

Right then, he pushed down on the back of my head, and I plunged his cock into my mouth. As just a few days earlier, I found myself on my knees in front of him, bouncing my head up and down rhythmically on his swollen member. And then as my jaw began to ache slightly, and my knees began to burn from digging into the carpet, I felt his body tensing, and he thrust his hips forward, lifting them off the chair to spray his cum in my mouth.

I swallowed his entire load, knowing it’d be the best way to keep everything clean and was even able to keep myself from cumming into my panties, though I was so hard I thought I’d burst. As he finished, I licked his cock clean and looked up at him, sucking the last drops of his cum from his spent unit.

“I liked that, that was good,” he said suddenly. “But I got an early class, and you got some assignment or whatever. I’ll hit you up another time, but I’m still going to need you to straighten up around here on the weekends.”

I looked at him and nodded, then stood up to put on my clothes. I went back to my room and had to jack off, then fell asleep before finishing my project. Missing it could have led me to fail the class, but I didn’t even care.

***

And that’s how it started to go with Rob and I for a while. I’d come to his room on Sunday, wash his clothes and straighten everything up and suck his cock if he wanted me to. During the week, every once in a while, he’d text for me to come and blow him and I never even considered refusing him.

In fact, I probably would have done it more often had he allowed it. But he would still occasionally fuck women and in those situations, he was able to ignore me for longer periods. I, on the other hand, was unable to ignore him. It was as if his cock was glued to my brain and I couldn’t focus on anything else for more than a few minutes. He continued to poke fun at me when we did run into each other around the house, and while I considered it annoying, I realized it probably would have seemed weird if he’d suddenly stopped.

Then, on another Sunday, with me dressed in my T-shirt, thong and the tight cut-off jean shorts, I sneaked over to his room to do his laundry. I didn’t see him right away when I entered his room, but as I stepped inside and got ready to gather his dirty clothes, I heard the shower running. Just as I started putting his clothes in a pile, I heard the water shut off and the slide of his shower door.

“Hey Cory, you out there!” he said in a firm voice that wasn’t quite yelling. I walked over and peaked into the bathroom door.

“I’m here,” I replied.

“Hey, grab me a towel.”

I looked around his room, then grabbed the towel hanging from the chair in front of his computer. In that instant, I noticed a bottle of lube on his bedside table, but I didn’t think much of it, given his frequent interactions with women. I headed back to the bathroom and handed him the towel, looking down and away from him as I tried to not admire his dripping wet naked body. He took the towel, ran it over his hair, torso and arms and started stepping out of the shower. I began to turn around to keep working on his laundry.

“Wait a sec,” he then said. “Dry off my lower half. I don’t feel like bending over.”

I got on my knees and took the towel from him wrapping it around his lower half to run it along his backside, then rubbed and massaged the lump of his penis and testicles with care, before sliding the towel down along his thighs to his feet. He grabbed the towel from me while I was still on my knees in front of him, took his half-hard cock in one hand, put the other on the back of my head and pushed my face into his crotch.

I opened my mouth and took his dick willingly, seeing no need to tease him, and since he wasn’t fully erect I was able to take near the entire the length of his member into my mouth and down my throat. It was only a few moments before he was fully engorged. Suddenly, he pulled away from me and yanked my head backward, so his cock, glistening with my saliva was just beyond reach. I looked up at him longingly.

“Take off your shorts and T-shirt and crawl to my bed,” he ordered. I complied, pulling the shorts and T-shirt off while staying on my knees on the ground. I turned away from him, got on all fours and began crawling across his room. I heard him walking behind me and looked back to see him towering over me, his hand casually pumping his cock. He looked down at me as one who might be watching an obedient dog. When we reached his bed, he sat on the side and opened his legs. I knew what to do, moved toward him and started licking and sucking his balls, getting his cock nice and slick so I could stroke it before plunging it as deep down my throat as I could.

“Take off the thong,” he said climbing onto his bed to recline. “I want you to blow me naked.”

I turned away from him, peaked out my ass and slid off the thong, so we were both totally naked together. Usually he had preferred I wear some piece of women’s undergarments, which I also found hot, but the total nudity gave me a fresh thrill. I jumped on his bed to continue working on his cock. After a few minutes, as I started anticipating taking another of his loads, he gave me another command.

“Turn around,” he said. “I want to try something.”

I had an idea what he was driving at, and I’d figured it’d be something that would happen eventually. But I wasn’t totally ready for it. I’d accepted my position as his cocksucker but getting fucked by him was a different matter. He also had a big cock and while I’d experimented a bit with that, I wasn’t sure if I’d be able to handle it.

Even so, I wasn’t about to refuse him, so I turned around and presented my ass to him. When I did, I realized he’d positioned the large mirror near the foot of his bed, presumably to increase his viewing angles while having sex. This allowed me to see him in his dominant position rising behind me as he reached over and grabbed the bottle of lube by the side of his bed.

“Rob, I’m not sure about this ... I mean you can cum on my face or wherever you want ..” I said, nearly moving out of my position in front of him to turn and talk to him.

“Shhhh,” he interrupted me and grabbed the back of my neck. He leaned down and pinning my shoulders and chest to the bed with my ass in the air. He poured the cool lube over crack, then put the open bottle back on his bed stand. I then felt his large fingers probing and poking into my hole. The feeling was unbelievable, but again I wasn’t sure I was ready.

“Rob, I don’t know if ...” I said.

“Shhh ..” He said, now rubbing his cock against my tight hole. It felt so incredible I grinded my hips back into him.

“You’re gonna take it bitch. Look at me in the mirror and say it, say you’re gonna take my cock.”

I could feel his dick exploring and prodding around my opening and the feeling was amazing. I felt feminine and erotic. I knew there was no resisting him.

“I’m gonna take it,” I said. “I’m gonna take your big cock up my ass.”

With that, Rob began to slide in his tip. For just an instant, there was almost unbearable sharp pain. Before I could cry out in protest, Rob had slid his cock inside me, the pain had passed and my mind went numb. Gently, Rob began sliding his shaft inside me and I gasped involuntarily.

Bit by bit, he went deeper and deeper. Words and thoughts escaped my mind as I slipped into a feeling of unbelievable bliss. I relaxed and let him all the way in, until I could feel his balls resting against just below my asshole.

He took it gently it first, thrusting easily, but after a few moments he started generating a more powerful vigor. With each deep lunge I let out a moan, I couldn’t have stopped them even if I wanted to as they were generated by a deep primal eroticism. I looked at him in the mirror and could see his powerful body thrusting into me, dominating me as I bent over willingly. I felt a mix of shame and sexiness that turned me on so incredibly my own dick was as hard as I’d ever felt it.

“Now you know what it’s like to have a backbone,” Rob suddenly growled as he grunted and pushed his cock inside me.

“Ohh yeah ... fuck me ...” I responded, realizing that even in this moment, he wouldn’t hesitate to mock me.

“Fuck me ..” I panted again. And fuck me he did. As I relaxed he pounded into my body, generating a slapping sound as his hips smacked against my ass. I could feel his balls against me and I pushed back into him, rocking my hips back and forth as he pumped into me. He continued drilling me, varying his rhythm from an even pulse to a rapid pace that sent shockwaves through my body. After some time, his thrusts quickened, causing me to gasp and moan and wonder how long he could maintain it.

“Oh god yeah,” he suddenly yelled. “I’m cumming.” He pulled out of me, stood beside the bed and started jerking his cock rapidly. I turned my head toward him, he grabbed my bangs and I opened my mouth. After a few seconds of him pumping his fist, long, powerful spurts of cum started shooting from his cock, landing on my tongue, cheek and onto my hair and forehead. As he groaned and finished, I licked and took just the tip of his cock in my mouth.

“That was amazing,” I said smiling. I leaned back against the wall while I reclined on the foot his bed, his cum still settling on my face, and finally took my own diminutive member in my head.

“Can I cum?” I asked him desperately.

“Go ahead,” he responded. And with a just a few short jerks, I shot one of the biggest loads of my life over my chest and belly. Rob looked at me, nodded and chuckled to himself, then walked into this bathroom. I could hear him running water and he came out of the bathroom, wiping himself up with a moist towel. He tossed it to me.

“Clean yourself up,” he said. “And don’t forget to make my bed. You haven’t been doing that every weekend when you clean up in here.”