 FRIDAY NIGHT

Once my ride arrived, I gave the driver my exact address then I shoved my hookup guy roughly into the backseat before climbing into it myself. The car moved and I knew I'm about to have a fun night. Even more fun than I thought I would.

He kind of leaned back against the door and he put on that oh-so-gorgeous smile that only made me want to ruin him more. 

"Come here, stud." He grabbed me by my shirt and I was more than happy to oblige. We kissed again, somehow even more passionate than how we did back in the club.

It was clear that we both wanted to fuck each other's brains out. I tried to shove my tongue down his throat. Key word on 'tried' because his tongue was also wildly exploring my mouth, making a very hot tongue battle session.

He was fucking good at this, shit, even with just kissing he could make my dick throb hard and painfully. His lips are so soft, I wonder how great it would feel around my cock. Added with his skilled tongue, fuck, I couldn't wait to shove my dick in his mouth. Where did this guy come from? He must be pretty popular among the gay guys in his town with his slutty behavior and especially with that amazing body. 

Talking about his body, my hands had slid down on it trying to feel every inch of his perfectly toned slim frame. I had my left hand caressing his chest and my right grabbing in his ass. He had both of his hands around my neck pulling my body closer to him.

He ended up lying on his back with me on top of him right there in the car's backseat. We broke the kiss eventually trying to figure out our position considering the tight space. It surely was a problem with my 6'1 height but we crouched just enough to be comfortable.

I attacked his lips again and he happily received it. He was pulling on my hair pretty hard and started moaning. And he was not the only one who moaned, I couldn't control it, he felt so good against me and we're still fully clothed!

"Sir, sir."

Okay what the fuck? We were still heavily making out when someone decided it's a good time to interrupt us.

"Sir."

"WHAT?" I broke the kiss and shouted at whoever that person is. That's when I realized we were still in the back of a car, and I easily recognized the outside view. We had arrived at my apartment.

"Sorry, sir but I'm pretty sure this is your destination." I finally noticed the driver who was visibly afraid to look or speak to me.

I felt really bad for shouting at him. "My bad. Erm..." I said as I searched my pocket to pull out some money and gave them to him. "Thanks for the ride."

I heard chuckles from under me and I glared at their source. He didn't stop, instead he put his pointer finger on my chest and said in between chuckles, "So are we gonna get inside or are we gonna do it right here right now?"

We wasted no time walking out the car, into the building, and finally to my apartment. I grabbed his arm all the way through. Once we made it to my room, I roughly pushed him against the door and we hungrily attacked each other.

I lifted one of his legs up to my waist as our tongues were battling in a hot passionate kiss. I broke the kiss just to continue the assault on his neck. He tasted so sweet. He was holding his one leg around my waist as I held onto his thigh. With my teeth in his neck he started moaning loudly.

"OHHHHH... UHHHH... UGHHHHHH!!"

Fuck. The sounds of his moans are so hot and dick-hardening. 

I used my other hand to grab his supple ass. His hands were all over my back, desperately trying to hold onto me through my assault.

"UHHH...YEAHHHH, FUCK YEAH BABY, OH!"

His moans of pleasure were getting louder. They are like music to my ears, but I can't help but feel like there's something missing. I love hearing my conquests using my name during sex. Finally, my mouth left his neck and I told him.

"My name is Nate."

He caught up immediately and said, "Yes, Nate! I'll let you do anything you want to me tonight, I'm your slut to fuck however you want, I'm your whore, you can cum inside me, on my face, all over my ass... Please use me, Nate."

That was it. I pulled him off the door, turned him around, and took his shirt off forcefully. I looked into his eyes and I saw the reflection of my lustful desire for him in them. I could feel the same lust coming from him so I shoved him down onto my bed. I watched as his hands came down to unbutton his shorts. I helped him pull it off his legs until he was down to his boxer briefs before I stood straight in front of him to admire his body. 

God damn. He looked amazing. It was obvious he took good care of himself. His chest is toned and tasty-looking, his flat yet chiselled stomach looked fantastic, his smooth legs inviting me to just get between them, his face looking cute as hell. FUCK. I've had my fair share of guys but none of them looked as hot as he was right then. He's even hotter than Ryan!

He bit his lip seductively and looked at me straight in the eyes. "So why exactly haven't you stripped down yet? Cause I can think of a... throbbing hard... reason why you should." He said nodding at my bulging crotch. "It looked painful...-ly huge, you know?"

I looked down smirking, "Are you sure you're ready for it?"

"I'm not here just to play tease with you. I need to get fucked, hard. And I want your big... hard... cock to do it... Nate."

That. Was. So. Hot. 

I slowly peeled my shirt off and watched him gawked at the sight of my muscular body as it came into view. Nothing prepared him for what he'll be seeing next though. He watched my hands slid down to my jeans. I unbuttoned and unzipped them, his eyes still staring with anticipation. Finally I slid my jeans along with my boxers down a little less elegantly to fully reveal my raging hard on.

In a split second, his jaw dropped before he used his hands to cover it but his eyes still reflected the shock he got. I just stood there with my hands on my hips and my ten inch cock standing proudly. I felt a huge feeling of pride as this fucking hot twink lost his ability to blink at the sight of my naked body.

"You looked shocked why? I thought you like big cocks?" I asked knowing exactly the answer to that.

"I do! I-i-it's just... I never... Fuck. I've never seen a cock that big! You have a fucking monster cock!" He was so excited he started to tremble. I always had that effect on guys.

I raised my eyebrows at him and said, "why don't you come down here and take a closer look then?"

I watched lustfully as he crawled down the bed and positioned himself kneeling before me.

"Touch it."

He put one of his hands on my shaft, and then the other one.

"Fuck! My two hands could barely wrap around your cock! It's so fucking thick!" His eyes stared in awe at my cock. I loved it.

"Yeah, have you had a cock this thick?"

He looked up at my face "N-no. And it's terrifyingly long too. Jesus, how big is it?"

"10 inch long. I'm not sure about the width but does it really matter now that you have measured it with your palms?"

He started moving his hands up and down my thick cock. He said, "Holy fuck it must have been thicker than a beer can!! I can wrap my hands around one easily but they can barely cover your cock! How can anyone be this blessed... God."

I watched as he continued to stroke my cock with both of his hands, still looking awestruck at it. I put my hands on his head and he looked back up at me.

I pushed his head towards my throbbing shaft slowly until his soft lips barely touched my precum-leaking head.

"Suck it."

The look on his eyes showed how excited he was hearing those words. He then opened his mouth and took my head in. Fuuuuck. The sight was so erotic. His soft, pink, full lips slowly covered the head of my cock. He broke eye contact with me to fully concentrate on the dick in his mouth. Right then I knew I was about to get one hell of a blowjob.

Electricity shot through my body and I felt my knees getting weak. I thought that I might cum just by looking at his handsome face sliding down my big dick, his attention now all on the piece of meat that was filling his mouth.

I let out a loud groan as my dick reached his throat and he slowly began sliding his lips back up the length of my dick. He had only taken less than half of my cock but fuck, he already did better than more than half the guys I had hooked up with.

As his mouth slid softly to the head of my cock he made a popping sound as he pulled his mouth off and smiled up at me hungrily.

"Do you like that, stud?"

"Fuck yeah." I could only manage to let that out. He moved his hands up and down my thick dick. I pushed his face on my cock again. "Keep going."

He smiled at me again and leaned forward slightly to flick his tongue over the head of my cock. This time he kept eye contact with me as he ran his tongue around my head and continued with licking the underside of my cock. His hands were busy playing with my cum-filled balls and stroking my long shaft repeatedly while his tongue was playing wonders all over my length until he once again swallowed my cock into his warm, wet mouth.

He kept switching eye contact between me and my cock. I noticed the gorgeous green colors and how nice it looked on his dangerously cute face, especially now that he was sucking on my cock so expertly.

"Fuck yeah... put your handsome face on my big cock." That sentence made no sense whatsoever but at that point I didn't care at all. I pulled my cock out of his mouth before slapping it down on his face. "Yeah that's so fucking hot. Big dick on your face. Do you like that, huh, bitch?"

He stared at my cock with a mix of precum and saliva dripping out of his mouth on his chin. He took my cock in his hands again but I took it away from him.

"Nuh-uh. You have to answer me first. Do you like it, bitch?" I asked while still slapping his face with my tool.

"YES! I love it. I love your cock. It's soooo fucking huge!"

"Do you want to suck it?" slaps.

"YES PLEASE!"

"Please what?" slaps.

"Please let me suck your cock, baby." He pleaded. Fuck, he looked too damn hot while doing so. His beautiful eyes looking at me and his lips practically flooding with drool.

I finally let go of my cock and once again pushed his head down on it. "Then go at it, slut."

"Oh fuck!" I groaned as he greedily sucked on my dick and ran his tongue over it in slashes as he began descending down its length again.

Fuck, the bitch seemed to enjoy it as much as I did. I could see his smile even with my thick cock inside his mouth. He gently squeezed my dick with his hands as his face lowered further down. Damn he knew how to give a good blowjob. His mouth was stretched wide but he still looked as handsome as before.

He began to bob his head up and down a little faster and more smoothly. His hands still pumping the rest of my cock that wasn't inside his mouth. He jerked my dick faster with each passing second, and so did his mouth work on it.

"Mmmph!" He moaned as my shaft slid back and forth in his sucking mouth.

I groaned as he continued to suck harder and harder, ramming his face back and forth on my dick. Another inch slipped into his mouth and down his throat. I couldn't believe it. No one had ever sucked me this good. He even had Cas the blonde bartender beat with ease, and that guy was an amazing cocksucker! My eyes grew wider and wider as inch after inch slid back and forth into his hot mouth. He had 6 inches of my cock down his throat but he kept pushing down his throat. I could tell he was gasping for air but he kept going until he got 7 inches deep, then 8 inches of my hard cock meat ramming down his throat.

And that was when he finally let go of my dick. "Ugh ughhhh" He tried to give his throat some air before asking me with lustful voice, "Do you like that, bad boy?"

"Fuck yes. You're a great cocksucker. No one had ever taken that much of my meat."

He smiled proudly at that but then he said, "I'm glad to be at your service. Before you, the biggest dick I take is 8 inches long and I never stopped until I can fully deepthroat my lover's cock." He took my head in his mouth again, licking it slowly before pulling it out and continued, "And you... have 2 extra inches for me and I'm not going to stop either." With that, he began sucking on my thick shaft again. This time determined to take my ENTIRE cock in his throat.

That's crazy. I could kill him! But he was far too determined to stop and I was too far deep in pleasure to make him stop.

He smiled at me then, and this time he kept his eyes locked on mine as he took my thick dick back into his mouth, only he didn't move at first, just held my dick a couple of inches in his mouth and slashed his tongue across the head. Then, with his eyes still on mine, he slammed his face forward and took my entire length into his hot, wet mouth and tight throat. He took all 10 inches! Fuck I almost came right then!

"Oh yeah suck my dick, baby!" I groaned. "Fucking suck on it, you slut! ARGHHH!"

He began bobbing his head up and down my entire length, but never left my shaft for a second. His hot mouth sucking and his tongue playfully licking, not to mention the thick length of my dick that was buried in his hot throat. Damn it. I struggled not to come any second.

It had been twenty minutes since he first took my head in his mouth and my cock was threatening to burst. Fuck I didn't expect to get the best blowjob of my life from this stranger. I silently thanked Ryan for not showing up tonight cause, hell, as hot as he is, Ryan could never suck dick as good as this guy did.

For another five minutes he slurped down on my cock like a thirsty animal. And for another five minutes, I was holding my orgasm back but I knew it was coming soon whether I want it or not. I could just feel my balls tingling.

Then he did that. The thing that pulled the string. With his mouth still working around my cock, his right hand slowly moved to pull down his boxer briefs. He stroked his own 6 inch erection fast. Then his left hand moved to his backside searching for his hole. He pushed his underwear down again, now revealing his sexy bubble butt. His ass was smooth as fuck, his fingers now playing with the entrance of his asshole.

Fuck I could barely hold on after that slutty gesture. I used both my hands to roughly fuck my dick into his throat. "Ahhh yeahhh... you fucking slut. Suck on my dick, baby arghhhhh!" He was definitely enjoying it. "Fuck fuck fuck. You have such a fucking hot body. Look at that ass, fuuuuck!"

I fucked his mouth so hard that he had to remove his left hand from his ass to hold onto my thick thighs. His right hand never left his erection.

"Umm yeah do you want my cum?" Obviously he couldn't answer with his mouth full but he confirmed his answer by his loud moans. "You want it, huh?" He kept moaning hotly against my cock. "Then take it."

I shoved his face down to my pubes and right then, my balls tightened and my cock widened. That was it.

"Ahhhhhhh!! I'm cumming!"

I knew he felt my big dick explode deep within his throat and he tried to swallow my cum quickly but still he gagged and some of my hot, sticky cum dribbled out of his mouth.

Immediately he pulled back so that the spasming head of my big dick pulled out of his throat and into his mouth. Cum continued to shoot out of my cock and began to fill his mouth quickly and he swallowed it down his throat and into his belly just as quickly but still more came in what seemed to be an endless stream of cum.

Then I pulled my cock completely out of his mouth but I held his head with my left hand still. "Take this, slut." Then I sprayed the rest of my remaining load on his handsome face.

He closed his eyes anticipating my load on his face. I pointed my cock at his face and my cum landed on his forehead, nose, lips, cheeks, and some even got to his chest. Damn I loved the sight before me. He's so fucking hot.

After about 15 loads down his throat and face, the cum finally stopped. I was still trying to process the pleasure I just got from this sexy stranger. 

Smiling widely, he said to me. "That was the biggest load someone has ever given to me." His eyes lingered on my cock. "Oh, wow. How can your cock still looked so big after those loads? What a fucking stud!" 

I looked down at him and told him. "That was fucking amazing. No one's ever taken all my cock in their mouth! Damn you're the best cocksucker ever!"

He smiled proudly. "Thanks, the pleasure is mine too." Then he lifted his right hand to show his cum-covered palm. My eyes traveled down to his dick and noticed that he had cum too. Mhmmm he really enjoyed sucking dick.

My gaze switched to his now-bare ass. It looked so juicy with his boxer briefs only slid down right under it, showing off the shape of that sexy ass.

"Okay but I need something to chew on now." I said as I lifted him off the floor from his kneeling position and shoved him down the bed one more time.

"OH!"

I turned his body so his front was on the bed and then slid his underwear off completely. The sight was breathtaking. His ass was perfect. A flawless smooth bubble butt. It felt so good when I started kneading the ass cheeks. I was right, it was juicy as fuck.

"Damn baby, look at this ass!"

"Ughhhh! Yes, you can do more than just look though."

I slapped his right cheek very hard. "Awww!"

I groaned tightly. "Fuck I really wanted to fuck your fine ass but first I wanted to know if it's as tasty as it looks."

Then I buried my face right in between his cheeks and started taking what I wanted. First I spread his ass apart to reveal his beautiful hole. My pointer and middle finger teased and played with it, rubbing his hole then pushing them in.

"Mmmm such a tight hole! Fuck!"

My fingers continued to penetrate his hole, in and out and in and out. He was squirming and groaning rather excitedly, trying to push his ass back on my fingers and making erotic voices.

I finally slipped them out of his ass and now began moving my tongue around his hole, then wetting it with some spit. Finally I began to penetrate him with my tongue, he seemed to open right up! This guy had obviously cleaned up because there weren't any sign of nasty stuff either in or on his ass. He was going wild, moaning loudly twirling around in bed like he was possessed. 

As I ravished his hole with my tongue I kept kneading and squeezing his ass roughly. It wasn't long until I felt his hand trying to reach my head, pushing my face on to his sexy ass.

"Fuuuuck! Yesssss! Eat my ass, baby! Oh I love it!"

I slapped his cheeks again. "You're so fucking hot, damn, I wanted to chew on your ass forever." I gave him a couple more licks, and even tried to bite whatever I could bite. "Damn, baby. What a delicious snack, but I'm going to fuck you now."

I felt his body squirm at those words. "Oh come on fuck me now, baby! This is what I came here for, fuck my ass, stud! Fuck my ass with your huge cock now!"

"Get me my lube. There are some in my drawer."

He hurriedly move to open my drawer and search for a bottle of lube. He found it and threw it at me. I applied a lot of it on my cock then on his ass. Fuck, I couldn't wait to feel how tight his ass would wrap around my hard erect cock.

"On your back," I said in a commanding tone, "I want to watch you when I slide my dick in your ass."

Those words brought a deep smile to his lips. As he turned around and sat down in front of me, I let my eyes wander all over his fucking hot body before resting on his face. The look on his face was full of lust and sexual desire. Yeah, I'm gonna fuck you so hard and come in your ass, bitch.

Keeping his eyes locked on mine, he lay back on his elbows and spread his legs, placing his feet either side of me on the bed. He was so fucking slutty! Biting his lips as he slowly turned his gaze to my long, hard cock standing at attention proudly before me. Damn this guy was hot, and damn I was going to fuck the hell out of him right now.
