 When I was a sophomore in college I moved into a house with my cousin and some of his buddies. I wouldn't have found a place to live on my own as I was painfully shy and didn't really have any close friends. I only got into the place because my mom had implored my aunt to convince him to let me move in.

My cousin and his roommates were older, juniors and seniors, and wouldn't have otherwise been thrilled at having an awkward, lame underclassman living with them. I remember moving in and not feeling totally welcome by my cousin James, but figured I'd make the best of it, as I didn't have any other options.

In all, there were four of us, each in our own bedroom. Rob, a senior in his fifth year, which was normal given he was in an engineering program that typically took that long, had the largest bedroom and his own bathroom. I don't recall ever doing anything to piss him off, because I was intimidated by him immediately and didn't even really have the nerve to say much to him, seemed to take pleasure in mocking me right off the bat. At that point I was still a virgin and hadn't even so much as kissed or touched a girl's breast, and that's a point Rob seemed to pick up on right away.

The first weekend we were hanging out drinking some beers and smoking a little weed, and as we were sitting in the living room on the couches he loudly announced to some girls who just arrived that they didn't have to worry about me as I preferred sausages, which got a big laugh from everybody. I remember the stinging embarrassment and I knew I should have said something ... anything ... in that moment, but I just sat there in stunned silence.

Rob fucked one of the girls that night, a thin blonde with almond shaped blue eyes, a light tan and a nice round ass.

At that time, I wasn't sure about my sexuality, and I definitely wasn't confident about it. I found women attractive but just never had the nerve to act on it. Rob was the opposite. He was a big, athletic guy with green eyes, a square jaw, broad shoulders and a muscular chest. He was outgoing and charismatic, and people wanted to be his friend and be liked by him.

While good looking, I had softer features and was shorter, thinner and weaker. Rob was a former high school athlete, popular and outgoing. I wasn't. The guy was pretty much a jerk though, often talking shit to his friends. He didn't have a girlfriend, but he slept with quite a few.

He often chose me as a target. One night, we were drinking beers in the kitchen, I took a swig and the beer fizzed up and out through the top of the bottle.

"That's cause Cory drinks beer like he's sucking a cock," Rob bellowed, and everyone laughed.

Everyone always laughed at his jokes. Later that night, I was talking to a girl named Sandy, who I had a bit of a crush and had invited over. She was cute and friendly, a brunette with wide brown eyes and round cheeks. She was easy for me to talk to and I even thought it might lead to something.

But when I got up to go to the bathroom, I returned to find Rob sitting next to her. It had taken me weeks to get up the nerve to talk to her, but there he was, sitting right next to her with his hand on her thigh. The next day, he told all of us how she was a pretty good cocksucker, but he'd flipped her around and fucked her from behind when her teeth glanced against his dick.

So it got to a point where I generally tried avoiding him, though that was pretty much impossible given we lived together. The other problem was I started to fantasize about sucking cock and couldn't get it out of my mind.

We liked smoking weed in the apartment, and that only made things worse because it made me even hornier. Not to mention that when I'd take hits from our bong, if Rob happened to be around, he'd always say how good I was at handling a shaft. I could generally only muster a meager "fuck you" in response, to which he'd reply "Fucked any chicks lately? Then shut up."

One day I heard Rob talking to our other roommate Chris about his conquests.

"You know, sometimes I even keep a souvenir," he said.

"No shit," replied Chris.

"Yeah, underwear, a thong, some booty shorts. I keep it in the back of my bottom drawer. I'll show you if you want!"

"No, no, man! That's totally unnecessary," Chris laughed.

I was intrigued though because I'd recently become interested not only in going down a guy, but also wearing women's soft and silky clothing. I could only imagine how sexy it would feel to be wearing revealing clothing and kneeling before a man to give him the ultimate pleasure.

The thought of it put knots in my stomach. So I waited until a Thursday, when I knew everybody would be out of the house. On that day, all the guys had classes from the morning until the evening, while I only had one in the afternoon, so I typically had hours to myself. I waited until everyone was gone and locked the front door, just to be safe, so it would seem as if the house was empty. Then I crept into Rob's bedroom. He'd left the door a crack open and I remembered just the right angle to leave it.

Once inside, with his clothes strewn about the floor, his bed unmade and rumpled, I could sense a musky manliness that heated my lower belly. I snuck quickly to his chest of drawers and opened the bottom one, taking a mental note to leave the belongings as undisturbed as I could. Though I doubt it could have mattered. His things weren't unkempt, but he was no neat freak.

I shuffled through his belongings until toward the back of the drawer I found a cluster of women's undergarments, knotted black and white thongs, lace boyshorts and panties, and sheer briefs. I felt a bit of a rush as I pulled out a black thong and denim shorts, cut to a size not much longer than a pair of tight boxers.

Unable to contain my excitement, I dropped my shorts to the floor—I'd gone without underwear in anticipation—and stepped into the thong, relishing the feeling as the satiny fabric slid up against my privates. Then I pulled up the shorts and wedged them on tight so they barely covered my ass and left the bottom of my cheeks exposed. I left the top button open and folded them over as I'd seen girls do when they want to reveal as much skin as possible.

Looking around the room I saw a pair of Rob's underwear on the floor and couldn't help myself. I picked them up, got on my knees on the carpet and held them close to my face so I could catch a whiff of his manly odor.

It was then then I heard a bang at the door as someone tested the lock and the jangle of keys. Panicked, I darted into the bathroom, leaving my shorts and the bottom drawer open, despite my careful planning to leave everything as I'd found it. I hoped it wasn't Rob and after a few moments I'd be able to put everything in place, but then I heard his door open. After a few moments, he must have noticed something amiss. 

"What the fuck?" I heard him mutter "IS SOMEONE IN HERE?" 

My heart pounded in my chest and my face burned red, 'please just let him walk away,' I thought, knowing there was little possibility of that happening. I sensed he was looking around his room and then could hear footsteps coming toward me.

"WHO THE FUCK IS IN HERE?" Rob growled, popping open the bathroom door. I stood there, frozen, before him. It took him a moment to realize what was going on.

"Dude, what are you ... no shit," he said, then started laughing. "Are ... you wearing?"

"Man, please don't tell anyone about this," was all I could manage to say. I could feel Rob's gaze piercing me as I stood before him in clothes that only moments before had me feeling totally sexy, but now left me feeling embarrassedly exposed. 

"I can't say I'm surprised," Rob said, with a snide smile on his face. "I mean, look Cory, I'm not a total asshole, but dude, you were going through my stuff?"

"I'm really sorry ..."

"Alright, but you gotta make it up to me man," Rob said.

Make it up to him? I thought wondering if this might end up with something interesting happening. Is he going to want me to ...? 

"You actually don't look bad in those shorts. Turn around," Rob suddenly belted out.

"You want me to?"

"Do it," he said. I turned around slowly, with my back arched, so I could peak out my ass. "Tell you what," Rob said. "You can keep those, just do my laundry once a week and I won't tell anyone. But wear the shorts when you do it."

While I was relieved to get out of the situation with Rob, I knew I was now much more vulnerable to him, and part of me had hoped he would have asked for even more. This, of course, turned me on and when I got back to my room, I lay on my bed and stroked my cock until a heaving spray of cum shot across my chest and stomach. I used my T-shirt to clean it up, not wanting to stain newly won thong and shorts.

...

The next Sunday, when I knew everyone was out except Rob, I slipped on the thong and shorts and scampered over to his room. The door was slightly open, so I knocked lightly, pushed it open and peered inside, hoping to move in quickly given the revealing state I was in. Rob lay on his unmade bed looking at his phone, wearing shorts and a T-shirt, with his legs spread open wide and bent at the knees with a bunch of pillows behind his head.

He nodded his approval for me to enter, and I scurried inside, looking around for something to gather the clothes he'd tossed about the room throughout the week. Not seeing anything right away, I figured I'd just gather them in a pile, so I started picking them up and putting them on the floor in the center of the room.

Once most had been gathered, I got on my knees and bent over, which allowed me to both pull together the clothes and expose my ass to Rob. I looked over my shoulder, hoping he may have noticed, and was pleased to see I'd gotten his attention and he was staring directly at me.

"You know what," he suddenly said, swinging around his legs to sit on the edge of his bed. "You should wash these socks I'm wearing also." 

He kicked out his feet, resting his heels on the carpet. As I was only a few feet away from him and already on my knees, I knew there was no point in getting up to move toward him. I crawled over and peeled his socks off. I was close enough for the momentary sour smell to hit my nostrils and already on all fours with my head about level with his knees I looked toward him to see if he would signal the next cue. But he only scooted back onto his bed, turning his attention back to his phone, leaving me to finish his laundry.

And that's how it proceeded the next few weeks.

It was maybe a month later when something different happened. Rob had been having a bit of a dry spell with the ladies. I'd been going out of my way not to talk to him too much other than when I was taking care of his piles of dirty clothes, but the other guys had been riling him about it. He said he was taking a break from all that shit to clear his mind and he could turn it back on whenever he wanted. I, for one, had no reason to doubt him.

My fascination with blowing guys had only been increasing over time and given my lack of experience I'd even begun to research techniques to maximize enjoyment. The bottom line, it seemed, was enthusiasm. The guy likes a blowjob most when the cocksucker is truly getting off on worshipping his shaft and there's no sign of reluctance. I had little doubt I could deliver in that respect.

Also of significant interest to me was swallowing. I knew this was important because there were many women who wouldn't do it. But I realized it to be an essential component of a complete blowjob: letting a man finish in your mouth and taking his seed down your throat. I'd heard the guys talk about it, and it was pretty much a defining characteristic between a girl they considered uniquely slutty and one who was just down to hook up.

For me there was no question, I'd resolved myself to let the guy cum in my mouth. The idea was super hot to me. And the cock I thought about most belonged to the very guy who'd spent much of the time I'd known him tormenting me, to Rob.

The Sunday when things started to change, began as they always had, with me darting over to Rob's room, him on his bed or at his computer, largely ignoring me, and me on my hands and knees gathering his clothes to put in the washer. He rarely bothered with small talk, but on this Sunday, he leaned up from his phone and started talking.

"You know, I don't really think I'm getting enough out of this deal."

"What do you mean?" I said. On the one hand I was nervous about what more he could possibly want, but on the other hand I eagerly anticipated whatever it was he might request.

"Yeah, I mean, I got a pretty big secret on what a flaming pussy you are, and you're in here only doing my laundry."

"Yeah, but ... what else could you want me to do?"

He paused a moment as I looked at him.

"You know what, you should really be cleaning my bathroom," he replied. "Yeah, I got some Windex and shit under the sink. So go ahead and scrub the tub and toilet."

I was flummoxed for a moment. In that moment, I'd mentally prepared myself to satisfy him orally, and had felt a rush through my body at the thought of it, only to be disappointed. But, at the same time, I knew there was no refusing him and gained a certain level of erotic pleasure knowing I'd be cleaning a space so intimate to him.

After I'd finished putting his clothes to wash, I started cleaning his bathroom. I scrubbed his sink, and wiped down his mirror, both had a good deal of gunk on them, as being a typical college student he didn't clean his bathroom that often. Then I wiped the yellow dots of urine off the rim and sides of his toilet. The hardest work came with scrubbing the tub, and while a part of it did feel sexy as I was on all fours wearing clothing that wedged into my nether regions, Rob was nowhere around. My own dick had softened to near nothing when I was almost done. But as I was nearly finishing the job, Rob entered the bathroom.

Is he coming in to check on the job I'm doing? I wondered. On this particular day, he wasn't wearing a shirt, leaving his pecks and only slight paunch exposed. He was in shape, but he liked to drink, so his stomach wasn't what anyone would call shredded, though he had enough strength to easily overpower me. I looked up at him, as I was crouched with my arms in the tub and my knees on a bath mat outside of it, clearly in a vulnerable position, but not necessarily one I was reluctant to be caught in.

He only glanced at me and then stood in front of the toilet, pulling down the waistband of athletic shorts and underwear to reveal his cock, which dangled thickly from his triangle of curly pubic hairs. I'd never seen another man's penis so close; less than two feet from my face and while I was on my knees no less. I couldn't look away as the golden shimmering stream flowed from his hose. Clearly, I was excited to be in his proximity, though again not in a way I had anticipated. And then as he was near finished, he loudly declared "Oops!" and intentionally directed the stream away from the water, so the last of it sprayed along the rim of the toilet and spilled onto the sides and the floor.

"Yeah, you're going to need to clean that up," he said, sliding his shorts back up. He then walked back over and leaned against the doorjamb, looking at me as if to gauge my reaction. I took just a moment to finish wiping up his tub and turned on a trickle of water to rinse my hands. I kneeled on the bathmat, wiping my hands on the shorts to soak off the excess water and then shuffled over toward the sink to grab some cleaning wipes to reclean the toilet.

"You know what, just take the shorts off while you do it," he said as I turned back to the porcelain bowl.

For a second, I froze, not sure what exactly to do. I was wearing only the shorts, the black satin thong and a white T-shirt that had shrunk to the point it only reached the top of my pants. 'He wants me to clean his fucking toilet wearing only this black thong,' I thought. 

"Come on bitch, do it," he said, glaring at me intently. I stood up and faced him, he was taller than 6 feet and while he wasn't fat, easily weighed more than 200 pounds. I was closer to average at about 5-1/2 feet, but was thin and, as I mentioned before, nowhere near as strong and athletic.

It was evident I was going to do whatever he said, especially with the manipulative power he held over me. I unbuttoned the shorts, they dropped to my ankles and I stepped out of them. Now only in the thong, it was impossible to hide my own member, which had begun to throb. Though at less than five inches erect it never was anything that gave me any self-assurance. Rob's had appeared about as large when it was flaccid enough for him to piss through. Of course I knew that wasn't a feature of mine that was going to impress Rob, considering his obvious enjoyment of women.

I adjusted the thong, pulling it higher on my hips, turned around and got on my knees to complete the task I'd been given. I gave a quick glance backward, to ensure Rob was still watching. He was; he even slid his hand into his shorts to adjust himself, a fact that encouraged me I was doing something right. Then I wiped up his piss and once he saw I was done, he walked out of the bathroom.

I rinsed at his sink, being careful to leave it clean. At this point, my weekly chores were done and I was beginning to achingly wonder what kind of cue I might get from Rob. When I walked out of the bathroom, still only in the T-shirt and thong, I found him standing in the middle of his bedroom with his legs a little more than shoulder width apart, with one hand in his shorts massaging himself. I gazed at his chest, his nipples, and the hair on his belly . My eyes locked on his crotch and I almost unconsciously licked my lips.

"You know," he said. "I haven't had a blowjob in a couple weeks."

"Uhhh .." I replied.

"You ever had one?" he asked me.

"I mean, yeah, of course," I lied.

"No, no, you've never had one. You're pretty much a pussy when it comes to talking to girls."

"I just want to get to know them."

"Nah, I don't think so. So, you wanna see my cock, right?"

Suddenly I realized he was standing in front of his large floor length mirror and if anyone happened to kneel in front of him, he'd have a pleasing view of all their angles.

"You'd let me see it?" I asked, walking toward him and getting on my knees, so my head was only inches from his waist. He took his hand out of his pants and put it on the back of my head, rustling the back of my hair.

"Go ahead," he said and I reached up and slid his shorts and underwear down around his knees until they slipped and fell to his ankles. I helped him step out of them, then grabbed his briefs and held them up, smiling. It might have been the first time I'd relaxed in his presence.

"So you need me to wash these?" I joked.

"What do you think?" he said, pushing them into my face for a moment. "Nah, they'll be fine until next week," he said as he took them from my grasp and tossed them aside.

By now his cock was only half erect. It had grown thicker and longer but still dangled downward. I wanted to take him in my mouth but resisted the urge as I figured the rush would be greater for him when he had a full-on boner. I leaned forward to the side of his crotch, taking in the manly scent that emanated from him and began to kiss and lick up to the side of his pubic area. He kept his hand on the back of my head, not really guiding me but evidently approving my movements.

My hands had moved to his thighs, and as my lips swept across his lower belly, I reached around and cupped his bottom with my left hand and I grabbed his cock with my right, pumping it ever so gently. It was hot, thick and growing thicker, and much bigger than mine. I made my way down the other side of his crotch to where I was nearly licking his balls and stroking his stiffening member. I began licking the underside of his upper thigh and decided to go for it, taking his balls, one by one, into my mouth while stroking his cock, immersing myself into his spicy body odor.
