 We kissed deeply, hungrily, tongues playing wetly against each other as our hands roamed freely over each other's bodies. With his thigh trapped between mine, I was pretty sure he could feel how hard I was through my thin -- and by this time -- wet boxer shorts, thoroughly soaked with the beads of my own pre-cum. And I could feel how big he was. He was respectably thick, more than a handful for me, and the front of his boxers were quite damp too.

"I've been watching you all week since we got here," he whispered, between tonguing and sucking on my lip. "I've been waiting for this moment." He dragged his fingers down my chest, cupped a pec, found and rolled my nipple between his big, dry fingers. 

"Mmm. Me too," I whispered back, sucking on his neck and working my way down. "Let me show you." I threw my leg over him and straddled his hips so that our genitals were mashing against each other, soft testicles and firm, throbbing, pre-cum-slickened cocks rolling against each other, separated by only the thin layers of cloth, and I took the chance to grind against him, rolling my hips a few times forward, eliciting a few gasps. 

"Yeah. You like that, huh? Maybe you'll like this more." I laid on his chest and started working my way down, kissing and sucking on his nipples, toying with his other pec as I did so, pinching, flicking, squeezing. I even used my teeth, lightly, licking his areola, flicking his nipple with my hot tongue, taking the whole thing in my mouth, then gently sawing my teeth on it. 

"Uhhh! Oh yeah..." he breathed. "I like it when you bite."

"Mmm. Good..." I kept working my way down his stomach, kissing down, feeling how hard he was along my chest, until I was crouched between his legs. There wasn't a lot of room in those dorm beds, so it was kinda tight with the two of us in there. Still there was enough room to spread his knees out to either side, to kiss the inside of his thighs, and to slip my hands under his tight, apple-like ass, and to feel his big cock strain and twitch against his boxers. 

"Oh yesssss. That feels sssso good."

I kissed and licked the places where his thighs joined with his body. I was so close I could feel the heat of his balls and cock on my face. So I blew on his hard, throbbing shaft through the thin material of his shorts, which caused him to strain forward and gasp. Then I took one ball into my mouth through the cloth, and that caused him to push against my face, try to stuff his sac into my mouth. 

He had his hands on my head, running his fingers through my spiky hair, caressing it, while I worked his package with my mouth through the cloth of his sopping wet boxers, taking the boxer-wrapped shaft, fly and all, between my lips and working gently up and down it with the tongue but never getting too close to the head. All the while I kept my fingers moving along his thighs and over his body.

"Ohh gawwwwd," he gasped between sucks and licks. "You're gonna make me cum in my shorts if you keep that up. Aren't they getting in the way?" 

"Maybe they are." I pulled his shorts off him and stood up briefly to drop my own. And now we were totally naked, flesh sliding against flesh, reveling in the feeling of our toned, fit bodies, our hard penises and loose sacs grinding delightfully against each other, tongues and mouths locked in another soul kiss. 

"Mmmm. Gimme your cock," I said. "I want you to fuck me with your mouth and your big dick, just like I’m gonna fuck you. Like this." I quickly got back down between his thighs, grabbed his smooth, veined, cut cock, and started to lick and suck around the thick shaft, coating him with my spit, sucking his big, hot balls, making him groan, but again, not taking his fat helmet and shaft directly into my mouth. I knew that would drive him over the edge, and I was already wiping his nearly non-stop stream of pre-cum away with my thumb. 

"Uhhhhh! Suck it," he moaned. "Ohhh, tonguefuck me. That's soo good. Oh yeeaah."

"Yeah? You like it when I do this, huh? You like that?" I said, flicking my tongue around and up his pulsing shaft, wrapping my lips along its girth.

"Uhhhh! Please don't tease me anymore. Just take it..."

"Maybe you'll like this, then." I completely wrapped a hand around that spit-slick shaft and worked the skin up and down while sucking on his balls. 

"Ohh gaawwwd!"

"Mmmmm. you're soo big. I want this thing inside me, fucking my prostate. But first…"

I pushed his legs up, put my hands under his knees and knelt so his back was against my knees and chest. 

"What are you gonna do?"

"Just relax." I knew his ass -- his boyhole -- was in front of me, so I kept kissing under his balls, tonguing his perineum hard, and then, finally, with my hands under his ass, spreading his tight cheeks apart, I drove my hot, soft, wet tongue into his asshole.

"Unghhhhh! Aaaa! That's ... aaaaah!" he gasped, twisting. I could see his cock, lurching twice in the half-light. 

I wanted to get him wet, so I kept tongue-fucking his tight hole, swirling it around, trying to lube him up, while I wrapped my hand around his big organ and started to work it up and down. It was dripping wet. "Ohhh! Unnhhh!"

As soon as he was wet enough, I made my middle finger as wet as I could by coating it with my spit, and eased it into his hole. "Just relax. Relax," I cooed. It was a little tight going but, as he relaxed, it went further in. 

I pulled it out a bit and began to finger fuck him. I wet my second finger too and, as soon as I thought he was slick enough with my spit, I slid both in, fucking him with both fingers, sliding in and out of his tight hole, probing towards the top for his prostate. 

When I found that bean, I rubbed it gently, sucking on his balls, the base of his cock. His cock was standing straight up now and he was trying to fuck the air, hips thrusting into space, thigh muscles tensing with the effort.

"I think somebody likes this, huh?"

"Huhhh! Nnnn! Ohhhhh, GOD! Oh shit. Haaaah. Yessss! Unnh! Just fuck me. Fuck me now. "

"Hmmm. You want it, huh? You want my thick, Asian cock? In your tight blond ass? Rubbing up against your g-spot like my fingers are doing? And what about your cock? Don't you want me to suck you into my mouth? Like this?" I said, stuffing the wet, prostate fluid saturated head of his bloated fuck stick into my mouth, and stretching my mouth to fit as much of his man meat in as possible. 

His answer? throwing his head back and thrusting up, nearly choking me. "Unnnnngh! Aaaaah!" His knee banged against the cinderblock wall a few times as he tried to push himself deep into my throat. I didn't let him. I pulled off him.

[to be concluded]

*****

We authors live and die on feedback: please leave some below by voting or sending us a message! Thanks!