 Back when I was a kid, we didn't have much. We lived in a basement apartment where we could hear the crashing of the garbage can lids when other tenants threw out their trash, and the fumes from the passing buses that roared up the steep street outside made the air inside smell bad half the time. 

Other kids looked down on us. I could tell. I was scrappy and didn't take shit, so no one messed with me. Still, I always felt, I don't know, less than. Some girls always seemed to like the "bad boy" image, though, and I never had trouble getting my hand up their blouses or their schoolgirl skirts.

I remember hanging out at the corner outside the drug store and watching them come home. I'd see some whispering among them, and they'd glance my way, then away again. I liked it. 

On the other hand, when I moved out and got a small place a block from where I grew up, I began noticing some guys looking my way. I was no fool. I knew there were guys out there who sucked dick. I just let it ride. I didn't mind the attention, though. These were guys, or ones like them, who had avoided me earlier on, either out of snootiness or fear. And now I seemed to have something they wanted.

I had a job delivering groceries for Mike Rozman. He had about a half dozen panel trucks and had a contract with the two big supermarkets in the area. I liked the work. I was strong and lean and could handle heavy lifting. Even married women would give me the once over when I passed carrying a box of groceries on my shoulder, a cigarette in my lips, and my shirt stained with sweat. I just laughed.

Eventually, I did fuck a few of these ladies. I'd drop the groceries on the kitchen counter, turn towards them, and I'd see what they had in mind. I had the impression that they were in need of a good fucking too, the way they responded, grabbing my ass and moaning as I got my rocks off. I'd do them right up against the counter or on the table.

But, as I said, I began to see more guys, more fags, who were drawn to me. Once, in the park after I got off work, I was kicked back on a bench having a cold sixteen-ouncer. It was hot, so I stripped off my tee shirt and draped it on the back of the bench. The air felt good on my skin. Anyway, along comes this guy. I saw him coming up the path beyond the playground, and he seemed to be watching me. He got to where I was and stopped. I gave him a sort of "what the fuck"

look. He was about my age, give or take a year or two. He was pale and dressed real neat - button-down shirt, and all. Very ivy league, as they say. He looked nervous. 

"Have you got the time, sir?" he finally says. Jeez. He sounded nervous, too. Well, I didn't have the time. 'Sir'. Where'd that come from?

"You see a watch?" I say, giving him a look that must have said "fool".

"Oh. No. I just thought maybe..., you know, might have some idea..." 

Fucking hell. The guy was practically stammering.

"Yeah. I got an idea. It's time for you to fuck off, mister clean." I said, flicking the nub of my cigarette away.

"I'm sorry to bother you." he says, and starts off.

"Hey. Come here." I say, and he immediately turns back. 

"I'd say it's about four-thirty. Give or take. Hey. Have a seat, why don't you. Sorry I got rough there. You know, you'd think a guy decked out like you would have a watch. Here, have a slug." I said, offering him the pint can. He took a little sip from it. Very proper! 

"C'mon. get a good slug on it. I was going to get another at the store over there anyway. He put the can to his lips and took a good swig. 

"Atta boy. Relax. Where you from?"

I could see he was sort of looking at me, you know, my body, and all. One of those, I thought.

I live up on the crescent."

"I see. In a house and all?"

"Yes. It was my Grandpa's house. Now we live there, my family." he said, leaning back. He looked at my tee shirt where I'd draped it over the bench. Yeah, it had a few hole in it, but I didn't care. He seemed interested in it, though.

"And who might that be?"

"Well, there are my parents, and my two sisters, Fran and Leticia."

"Nice house?" I inquired, knowing full well the houses on the crescent were pretty fine. Lots of room, carved ceilings. that sort of thing. I'd delivered to a few of them.

"Yes. It's very comfortable." he said. I knocked back the rest of the beer.

"Oh. Let me get another beer for you. Is that all right?" he said with all kinds of enthusiasm.

"All right? Fuck yeah, it's all right!" I said, and off he went, practically at a trot.

Back at the bench, my new friend sets the paper bag between us and there are two frosty pints in it. He pulls out one, pops the top, and hands it to me. Some service!

"So what's your name?" I say, feeling fine now with the second pint underway.

"I'm Samuel." he says.

"Me, I'm Jack. So, do folks call you Sam?"

No. Just Samuel. My mother insists that I discourage people from calling me Sam. Samuel was her Father's name. And her great grandfather's.

"Samuel it is, then." 

We sat there for awhile in the sun. It was warm and a bit of sweat was running down my side from my underarm.

"Look at me, will ya. Dripping like a pig."

"Oh. Please don't be embarrassed." he says.

"I'm not." I tell him. "Just happened to notice it. It's a warm day, after all."

I take my shirt and wipe down my sides and under my arms. Then I leave the shirt on the bench seat between us.

He starts getting nervous again, and he takes a long pull on the beer. There are small beads of sweat on his upper lip. I notice this, and I notice his lips. They're quite red and sensitive looking. They look very soft.

"So, Samuel." I say, and I look into his eyes. They are deep green and, at the moment, fidgety. "Would you like to be my friend?" 

"Oh. Well, yes. Yes I would." he says. 

"You seem like a nice guy." I say, turning towards him. His eyes drop, but as they raise again, he takes in my smooth chest, my belly, my biceps.

"What do you say you meet me here tomorrow? Got any other plans?"

"No! That would be nice! I do want to be your friend, Jack. You probably haven't noticed me, but I've seen you driving the grocery truck in the neighborhood."

"So. Spying on me, eh?" I say. I was just breaking his balls a bit.

"Oh, no!" he goes, taking me seriously and all. "I...I... well, just noticed..."

"Relax, Samuel. I'm kidding you."

"Anyway, I do see you from time to time, driving. You drive fast!"

"I got places to go. I'm working." I say, knowing darn well this guy hasn't worked a day in his life.

I finished up the beer, crumpled up the can, and threw it towards the open trash can twenty feet away. It hit the rim and fell to the side.

"That was close, Jack!" Samuel says. "Good throw!"

"Yeah, yeah." I say. It's true I've got a good arm. 

I reached out a hand to Samuel and he took it. His soft fingers closed on it.

"Tomorrow, then." I tell him. "Four O'clock. Okay?"

"Tomorrow. Yes. I'll be here. Thank you, Jack."

"What are you thanking me for?"

"Oh, I don't know. It's nice to have a new friend, and all." he says, and I can see that he's really happy about it. Well, well.

"And how about bringing some beers."

"Okay Jack."

"You got the money for it, I'm guessing."

"I do."

Sure he does. Living in that big-ass house. I got up and pulled on my shirt. 

"All right, buddy. Adios." I say as I head down the path. 

"Goodbye, Jack!"

I got back to my place and put what was left of yesterday's pizza in the oven. I knew this guy Samuel was probably a swish. The way he looked at me gave it away. But that could be, well... useful, don't you know. Free beer, for one. And I'm sure that without much effort I could try those soft lips out for size. It would be a sweet way to end a work day. Cold beer and Samuel's warm mouth. Ha! Why not? I know I could go around chasing the girls, but there were always complications. Hurt feelings, crying, that sort of thing. And some wanted you to remember special dates, wanted gifts. I didn't have time for it.The next day was going to be another hot one, and I'd be looking forward to a bit of R&R at the end of it.

I walked toward the bench. Naturally, Samuel had spotted me as soon as I came into view. He gave a cheery little wave. Glad to see me, are you? I thought.

When I came close, Samuel stood.

"Hi, Jack! How was your day?" he says, all excited. He took a beer from the bag, opened it, and handed it to me.

"To be honest, Samuel, it kind of kicked my ass. It was so fucking hot, and there was a ton of deliveries. I had a three storey walk-up on Sedgewick. Shit. All kinds of canned dog food. Canned stuff is the worst." I said, lowering myself onto the bench. But now I get to relax, right, Samuel?"

"Well, you deserve it." he says. I'm detecting that nervous thing in his voice again. 

I take a long pull on the beer. It's ice cold and goes down smooth.

"I could probably go for another of these in awhile. Damn, I was thirsty!"

"Just tell me when you're ready for another, Jack. I'll go get it."

I give him a look. "That's very generous of you. Sure you don't mind?"

"No, no. I get an allowance. It's no problem." he says. "I'm happy to do it, Jack."

'Happy, are you,' I'm thinking. 

"Well, I'm happy that you're happy." I says, and we both laugh.

I finish off the can and Samuel jumps up to go for more.

"Give it a sec, buddy." I says. 

I turn to him and look him in the eye. 

"There's no hurry. You're not in a hurry, are you?"

"I have to be back for dinner, but that's not until six thirty."

"Then we have time. Look, Samuel, I don't want you to think I'm getting nosy, but I was just wondering. Have you got a girlfriend?"

"No." he says, looking away from me. 

"Maybe you're not trying hard enough." I tell him.

"I'm not that interested, Jack. To be honest." he says, and looks at me. I can pretty much see what does interest him. 

"Why don't you get the beer, and we can walk into the park a ways. Sound good?"

"Yes, Jack." he says. I notice that his lips are trembling a bit. I figure I got him on the hook.

"Okay. Go for the beer, and we'll get going."

Samuel heads off and I ponder the situation. Based on his reaction, I was pretty darn sure I'd be draining my ballsack sometime soon, and that was good to think about. I hadn't popped a load in days, and I was ready. I wondered how it would be with a fag, but I figured that as long as he knew what he was doing, and kept his teeth out of the way, it should go fine.

In a couple of minutes, here comes Samuel back up the path. Doesn't he look happy, I think. All grinning and with a spring in his step.

I get up when he arrives, and we head along.

"So. No girls for you, eh, Samuel?" I says as we walk.

"No. Jack. I... well, you know, I..."

"Hey, relax. You like boys, don't you?" 

"Yes, Jack."

"You like me, don't you?"

"Yes. Very much."

"Okay. That's fine. I think we could help each other out, know what I mean?"

"Yes, I think so." Samuel says, and the tremble is back in his voice. Seems I had my little Samuel right where I wanted him. Well, not exactly, but when we found a nice private spot I would. My dick was beginning to move around a bit in my pants just thinking about it.

"Good."

Soon, we come to an area by the lake that's kind of overgrown.

"Let's go up here." I says, pointing to a narrow trail heading up into a stand of trees surrounded by bushes. There was nobody around. Perfect.

We get to a grassy spot closed in by a lot of low brush. I flop down. 

"Pop those beers, buddy." I says.

I pulled off my shirt, lay it on the grass, and settled back onto it.

"Ah! It's nice here, isn't it?"

"Very. I like it. It's very private, too." Samuel says, and, of course, I get the gist of that.

"Here." I says. "Lie down here. The grass is nice and soft."

He lies down beside me, but with his head lower down than mine. I reach toward him and tousle his hair a bit.

"You're okay, Samuel. We come from different sides of the track, and all, but I think we get along well."

Samuel reached for my hand and held the back of it to his face. Then he kissed it. As I'd supposed, his lips were soft as could be. This information got immediately sent down to my groin, and I could feel my dick growing and wanting to come out into the daylight.

Samuel kept hugging my hand and he kissed it some more. It was sweet of him, really.

"Jack. You're such a beautiful man." Samuel says, but not looking at me. I take my hand away and pull him so that his head rests on my chest. He brings his hand up and rests it beside his head. He strokes my skin.

"When I saw you driving your truck, I always thought of how handsome and tough you were. I would always think about you when I got home afterwards. I never thought I'd get to be your friend."

"Well, here we are, my friend." I says. 

Samuel planted a kiss on my belly, but I had had enough of this beating around the bush.

I gave him a gentle shove in the direction of my zipper, and he made a beeline for it. First he kind of rested his face on where my dick was bunched up in my pants. He was giving me this look, but I had no interest in this lovey-dovey shit. 

"Open it, samuel." I says, kind of sternly.

Samuel hopped to it.

"Yes, sir."

This "sir" business. I could get to like it.

He undid my belt, all the time his breathing coming quick and quavery. Then the zipper. I watched his clean, pale hands work. With the zipper undone, it gave my dick a bit of relief. It had begun to feel trapped in there! It bulged through the white cloth of my briefs as the waist of my jeans fell aside. Samuel sat back on his knees, and just stared. 

"Pull my pants off, Sammy boy." I ordered. "I don't give a fuck what your mama wants people to call you. Me and you got our own rules. Got it?"

Samuel gave me a quick and ready "Yes, sir!"

"Good boy." I says as Sammy first removes my work boots, then pulls my pants down till they're off. 

"Fold them up neat, boy." I says, getting into the role of taskmaster.

Of course, Samuel does the very neatest of jobs folding them.

"Socks too." I says, and he gently removes them. They're a light blue, and soiled from the work day. Samuel folds them and places them beside the pants. He is down by my feet, sitting back on his heels, and staring at the bulge in my underwear. 

"You like it?" I says.

"I do, sir. I'm so happy to be here, sir."

"Whew! Air feels good on my feet. Give em a little rub, why don't you."

Samuel falls to the task at once. His touch is gentle, yet firm enough to work the tired muscles. 

"Nice work, Sammy. It's okay to call you Sammy, isn't it?"

"Of course, sir." he says, never stopping his attentions to my tired feet.

"That's enough. Now give them a few of your soft kisses, Sammy. Mmmmm. Can't wait to feel that." 

The feel of his sensitive full lips on my feet really turned me on. Shit, it felt good.

Good, Sammy. That'll do." 

He sat back again, smiling.

"Boy. if the guys at Mike's could see me now. Being treated like a king, or something."

"You are a king to me, sir." Samuel said softly, and I could see tears in his pretty green eyes.

"Look, Sammy. If I don't get my johnson out of these shorts real soon, it's gonna break right through them!"

I says, and we both look to where it is now squirming and lifting up in the confined space.

"I can help with that." he says, moving swiftly to my side.

"Before you do that, my friend, make a pillow for my head with my pants. I want to be able to get a good look at what you're doing."

Lickety-split, Samuel forms a neat makeshift pillow and tucks it under my head.

"Okay. Go on boy."

Samuel's long, white fingers are trembling as he pulls my shorts down by the waistband. He takes a quick look at my package, then removes the shorts past my feet, and places them with the socks. 

Now, I haven't got a giant schlong, but it's somewhere near the upper end of the scale. I remember once, getting head from a "delivery housewife", how she went on admiring it. She liked the veins that went along the top and sides of the shaft, and she liked the head, which she described as "plump". My cockhead gets a bit purplish when I'm hard. She liked that, too.

So, anyway, we're both watching my dick move slowly across my belly as it shifts and swells. Once again, the air feels good.

"Go ahead and make friends with it, Sammy boy." I says, and he reaches out for it. Using both hands, his fingers stroke lightly over the entire length. I'm digging it. 

"Atta boy, Sammy. Whew! Feels so fucking good." 

He kept at it. He had a fascinated look on his face as he explored every inch. 

"I'm so happy, Jack, sir." he finally said. But I wasn't having any of that. 

"Just keep at it, boy. Can the chitchat." I said.

By now, I was hard as cast iron and precum was beginning to form at my pisshole. Naturally, Samuel saw this. 

"Get that off my dickhead, Sammy. Use your finger."

"He gently wiped the precum away, then sat back and looked at it.

"Now lick it off, boy."

He did just that, making little moaning sounds in his throat as he did. then he began to suck on his finger. I lay there and watched. Seeing his lips in action got me going.

"Stop your sucking, and pay attention to this, boy", I said, holding my cock straight up. "Let me see you make love to it, fagboy".

In a split second, I could feel his soft, warm lips on my cockhead. He was kissing it repeatedly, and it was so fucking good.

I lifted up on my elbows to get a better look. 

"It's okay if I call you fagboy, isn't it...fagboy?"

"Yes, sir. I am a fagboy. Mmmmmmm. "You're so warm, sir. And you smell so good down here."

"How about getting the head inside your faggot mouth, Sammy." I say.

Ever compliant, in goes my cockhead into the soft, dark interior of his hungry mouth.

"Sweet." I say. "Mmmmmm. Very nice, boy."

I watch as the head moves slowly back and forth between his lips. It's cool to see lips like his wrapped around cock. Seems they were made for each other. Sammy keeps up his soft, hungry moaning. He lets the head out of his mouth completely and looks at it.

"So beautiful." he says. His face is flushed, and there is a kind of light burning in his eyes.

"Get it back inside, faggot!" I tell him, and give him a light slap on the head. 

"Get to work on the whole thing." I tell him.

Sammy doesn't hesitate. Jeez! He doesn't seem to have much technique going, but he is gentle and attentive. He gags a bit when he tries to go too far.

Sammy boy, haven't sucked many cocks before, have you?"

"Not many, sir." he says, sitting back and wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. "But I'll get better. I promise. please..."

"No. It's okay. You're doing fine." I says. "We can take it slow. You'll get better. As for right now, I really need to blow off a load. No kidding. Do what you can. You don't need to take it too deep for now. Just keep up that gentle way of your's. That's your main asset, believe me."

"Yes, sir." he says. "And thank you for understanding."

"Um. Like, it's getting a bit drafty out here..."

Sammy smiled and took the shaft in his hand. He kissed all along it, finishing at the head. He then got as much of my cock as he comfortably could into his mouth. His tongue swirled around it, paying close attention to the head. I was about ready to blow. 

"Sammy, I'm about ready to cum. Why don't you just jerk me off. That way you can see how I shoot, and what my cum looks like. Okay?" I say. Actually, I wasn't sure if he was a swallower or not, and didn't want to force anything on him. There was that, and the pride I took in getting my cum to fly.

Sammy began stroking me, and I could feel the orgasm slowly building in my belly and leg muscles. At one point, I raised up at the hips and my body tensed all over. Sammy was watching my cock, then my face, then back to my cock.
