 After having my young college boy ass filled with Nathan's cum, I decided to go back to sleep and let it marinate inside me. When I finally woke up it was around 10:30 am. Luckily for me Tuesday was my free day. Usually on Tuesday mornings Matt had class from 8 to 11 and Nathan was in class from 10 to 6. This gave me an hour or two home alone that I enjoyed every week. Once Matt got home we typically just sat around and talked, watched TV, and ordered a pizza. Matt and I had become pretty good friends and could both find common ground bitching about how sloppy Nathan was around the house.

Rolling out of bed I noticed that my underwear was stuck to my skin from Nathan's cum earlier in the morning. Some of it had clearly leaked out of me onto the tiny black fabric covering my ass. I decided it was time for a shower before Matt came home. Walking toward the bathroom, I gave my hard morning dick a few pulls and thought about what I had seen the night before. I really couldn't believe what a show they put on last night.

As I got to the bathroom I walked in and turned on the light. Much to my surprise Matt was soaking in the tub. There he was completely naked and staring right at me with those beautiful blue eyes. I said, "Oh my God, I am so sorry! I didn't think you were home yet." 

"That's OK, my class ended early." he said.

"I just need to pee. I can go upstairs." I nervously replied.

Matt looked at me unashamed and said, "Go ahead and pee, I don't mind." I was anxious but also unsure that I wanted to pass up this opportunity. I pulled down the thin fabric and fished out my still semi-hard cock. I started to pee trying very hard not to look toward the tub. Matt said, "Nice cock! I know you like to look so it only seems fair." As I glanced over at him I saw his hard dick sticking out of the water. He smiled and said, "Did you have fun last night at the door?"

I responded, "I think you were the one that was having all the fun. The whole neighborhood must have heard you two fucking."

Matt kept staring at my hardening cock and said, "It really turns me on that you watch us. I didn't know what to think at first but now I think the sex is better because we are both always trying to put on a show. Sometimes I even get more turned on by the thought of being watched than by the sex itself."

I said, "Good because you two turn me on with all the hot raw fucking every night. Nathan is lucky that he found a man who knows how to fuck. At least that's what it looks like."

Matt smiled and looking straight in my eyes he started rubbing his dick and said, "Would you like to find out?"

Shocked and excited I said, "I am not sure what Nathan would think."

"He won't care. We talk about it all the time. I know he still fucks you sometimes so I don't see why I can't too. Since I first started seeing Nathan, I always wanted a chance to get it that tight bubble butt of yours. Nathan has a great dick but his ass doesn't even begin to compare to yours." Matt stood up out of the water. His hot wet naked body made my cock spring to full attention. He grabbed a towel and dried off. He then walked over to me and fell to his knees. He sucked my hard dick into his mouth in one single action. I could see why Nathan was always moaning so much. He did things with his mouth and tongue that made me gasp. The sensations were overwhelming. After only a few minutes I forced myself to pull out of his skilled mouth not wanting to cum before I even touched his tight body. Matt reached my hips and turned me around. He began to lick around my ass kissing the sides and all around my tender opening without touching my hole. Then in a moment of unbelievable sensation he plunged his tongue deep into my awaiting hold. When he pulled back he said, "Looks like Nathan already beat me too it." Plunging right back in he started licking the remnants of his boyfriends cum from within my hole. The thought of Matt eating Nathans cum from my body sent chills all over me. Matt licked and penetrated my used hole again and again. Then in one smooth movement, he stood up and kissed the back of my neck.

Seconds later, I could feel his raw throbbing dick head press against me. His cock slid in my ass lubed only by his own spit and his boyfriend's earlier load of cum deep in my ass. As Matt's 7 ½ inches entered fully into me, I felt a rush of pleasure all over my body. His strong muscular arms grabbed me and pulled me to him then he used the rest of his body to push me against the wall. It was the same position I saw him use to fuck Nathan the night before. He began to increase the speed as his dick slipped in and out of my tight ass ring. I teased him by flexing my ass muscles with each of his thrusts. He pulled out and said, "We should go to your room." With that I grabbed his hand and rushed us down the hall to my bed. It took no time for him to have me on my hands and knees with my tender ass up in the air. He rammed his raw cock back into me and started fucking me at full force. His hands were squeezing around my tight waist and creating a rhythm that was amazing. The way he fucks is so much more forceful and animalistic than Nathan. I loved it! I could feel his cock going in-out-in-out like the tick of a clock. The experience was all too much and even though I was not touching my hard cock, I knew it was about to explode. Suddenly Matt yelled, "I am going to cum in your hot ass" and slammed his body into me. I could feel his cock twitch inside me and my own load blasted onto the bed knowing Nathan and Matt's seed were combining deep inside me. We were both breathing hard as he collapsed on my back. After a few moments he pulled his cock out and I could feel his white fluid running out of my ass and down my leg. 

We both got up to leave my room and standing in the doorway was Nathan with huge cock in hand covered in his own seed. The white cum was dripping off the tip of his uncut cock and from the side of his hand onto the floor. Matt and I were both unsure what to say but thankfully Nathan broke the ice by saying, "That was so fucking hot. I can't believe we both filled your ass with cum the same morning. You are such a slut." We all laughed. Nathan explained that one of his classes was cancelled so he came home for a quick lunch. Nathan and Matt started making out so I went to take a shower. 

When I got out Nathan was gone and Matt said he had already ordered us a pizza. We watched TV and talked like nothing happened. A few minutes before Nathan came home that evening Matt looked at me and said, "I can't wait until next Tuesday."

Hope you liked it! Please rate and leave comments!