 I showered first in the morning. After I dried myself I picked up the books to do some work and I heard Jon go to the bathroom. I got a hardon just listening to him use the shower, imagining his hot, ripped body under the water. I tried to put this out of my head. But the way he made me arch my back on the couch, took control, and fucked me in the ass the night before all flashed through my mind and I almost came without touching myself. What the hell was wrong with me?

I thought this guy was a total asshole but here I was, moaning like a slut just at the thought of my jock roomie abusing my ass and mouth like he fucked one of his girls' pussies. After he had fucked me the night before he went to take a shower and I went to my room. I avoided him as he went to his own room and I guess he fell asleep because I didn't hear from him for the rest of the night.

Actually I fell asleep too pretty soon after that...but not before jacking off again to the thought of him slowly working his thick cock into me. I was embarrassed. On one hand I was hoping this was a one-time experiment and that Jon wouldn't even mention it again. On the other, I thought that if I saw his hot body again I would be begging him in seconds flat.

Common sense got the better of me and I put my clothes on really quick. I wanted to get the hell out and go to the student center and hang out or study before Jon came out of the bathroom. As luck would have it, just as I was passing the bathroom the door opened, and out stepped Jon, a towel casually thrown over his shoulder. He had the same sexy, sly smile that he had the day before right before he made me go down on him. I became hard instantly.

"What's up Mikey?"

I looked at him probably like a deer in headlights.

"Umm...not much Jon. I'm...I dunno, just stepping out to go to the library..."

Jon was not listening to me, he started just casually to wipe his hair and the back of his neck with the towel. As he did this I let my eyes glide down his totally chiseled body, the massive, broad chest, the ridges of his abs, so defined they looked like they were carved out of stone, and slowly down past his navel to the thick cock that had broken my ass the day before. He was not hard, but his cock was just still so awesome, thick, hanging below his huge balls. I still couldn't believe I let this guy fuck me, it was just so humiliating. I mean that's the ultimate act of domination one man can perform on another, making him his bitch, and this hunky football guy did just that to me only hours before.

I felt my ass twitch as images of his rough fuck and sweaty, jacked body flashed in my mind again. With an effort, I looked up, to his face. I intended to say "bye," and that I was about to leave, but nothing came out. I just kept looking at him like an idiot. I was like a hypnotized mouse or some other kind of prey in front of a magnificent hunting beast. I looked at his eyelashes and the way his fierce profile made him look like a wolf on the hunt. For a while he stared at the floor as he was drying his hair but now his blue eyes just pierced through me. He arched his eyebrows.

"Heading out?"

"Umm...y...ummm...yah I'm gonna be back..."

"Cool...good to know."

I was expecting him to say something, but Jon just sort of was fooling around with his towel now, slowly drying off his magnificent body. My eyes now traveled down his muscular defined legs and calves to his feet, then back up to his face. He just stood there, saying nothing. Finally he said,

"Alright? See you later?"

He was pretending like nothing was up. But I couldn't get myself to leave. First, I was hard as hell, and I doubt I could have walked. But there was more. He just exuded a calm, masculine sexuality and had me totally mesmerized. Shit, I thought, why was I acting like a fag?

Another minute of this tension and I gave in (probably what the son of a bitch was expecting me to) and I said,

"Ummm...look Jon...ummm"

"Yeah?"

Jon threw the towel right in my face as he said this. I was surprised, but I took it up right to my face and breathed in deeply. Jon laughed.

"You're a real fag, you know that Mikey? Now what the hell do you want? I wanna go out for a jog and you're wasting my time."

"No, wait Jon," I said. "Please...umm...I...you know," I was mumbling.

"See you later buddy, gotta head out," said Jon and just turned to go to his room. This did it for me and in a fit of desperation I just said out loud,

"Wait please Jon, please let me suck your cock!"

Jon turned to face me. He had a smirk on his face. I couldn't take my eyes off his hot body or his thick cock, now slightly growing.

"What did you just say fuckwad?"

He asked this sort of aggressively. If I didn't know what had happened the night before I'd be real worried now that I'd get the crap beaten out of me.

"Please Jon...uhmm...Sir...would you please let me suck your cock?"

Hearing myself say this strangely made me that much hotter. I almost came in my pants. My breath was short.

"I dunno man..." Jon said sort of looking me up and down. He leaned back against the wall and just lightly scratched his defined abs. "You know what? I know you like to play pussy, but stop being a pussy. Why don't you take off your fag clothes first and stop pretending you wanna 'head out'?"

It took me all but thirty seconds to step out of my jeans, shirt, socks, shoes, and boxers. I stood totally naked in front of this dominant stud, nervously waiting for what would happen next. He just lay back against the wall, silent and confident, with his arms crossed and the muscles really showing in his forearms. I got a sense of the immense strength in those arms...he could snap my back in half, like he said. That was part of what really made him so hot to me.

"Now what was it you said you wanted to do?"

I wasted no time this round. "Suck your cock...Sir."

"You wanna suck my dick Mikey? Only fags suck dick. So you agree you're a fag for me now?"

"Yeah."

"Yeah what pussy? Speak up."

"Yes, I'm your fag Jon," I said, and my cock twitched. Jon chuckled.

"Cool. I know you are, Mike. I just about fucked your goddamn brains out yesterday. Just wanted to hear you admit it. Well...I don't know if I'm in the mood to have a fag slobber on my dick just now, Mike. Why don't you lick my ass for me first?"

I was shocked to hear him say this. Sure, he dominated the hell out of me only the day before, but this seemed so weird. But looking into his confident, cocky face a wave of submission washed through me. "Ah..." Not waiting for me to answer, Jon just grabbed my arm and led me into the bathroom. He threw me into the shower and turned on the hot water, then stepped in.

I got the privilege of soaping up this hot stud's muscled body. I washed his massive pecks and the valley in the middle of his pecs between the mounds of muscle. It just felt amazing to feel his powerful body, and his skin felt smooth, rubbery over the hard mounds of muscle. Washing his chiseled abs, that all guys work for but few seem to get, was so amazing, and I was totally hard and leaking by now. I could see Jon's monster cock was growing, though not fully hard yet. He then just turned around without speaking, and I started soaping up his massive muscled back. This guy basically just trounced people on the field, and you could feel the power in his muscles.

I slowly worked in the soap suds on the ridge of muscles that covered his shoulderblades, and felt for a second the steel strength in his shoulders. Slowly I descended to my knees, soaping up his fit lower back and the two "nicks" on the sides of the spine that I now found so hot. How could have I turned into such a fag in just one day, admiring every crevasse of this guy's body? Slowly I descended further, and soaped the globes of muscle of his ass. Jon said nothing. He knew what was expected of me, and he knew I would do it. Slowly I spread his muscular ass cheeks apart, and let water run down the smooth crack. This was it. I licked the sides of Jon's ass crack and then let my pink tongue tease, in low thrusts his puckered hole. I heard him moan and felt really great to know I was giving this hot stud pleasure. I rimmed his ass now, letting my tongue lap up and down his hot crack for about five minutes. All the while Jon was moaning from time to time appreciatively. "Good job,

asslicker...keep going," he purred, "keep doing what guys like you do best." I was licking my jock roommate's ass! Just the thought almost had me come. I went in a frenzy and started french-kissing his ass.

"Fuck yeah Mikey...keep doing that, slut...fuuuck, that's it kiss my ass faggot. You're doing a great job...gotta tell you dude, I didn't expect you to fag out so fast...tough jock on your knees with your tongue licking my ass...that's it pussy...show me...show me what a fucking pussy you are, lick my ass you pussy..."

Jon kept calling me a pussy, which got me really hot. Then he said something that shocked me,

"What would your girl say if she saw you now, man? Huh? Licking your roomie's ass so you could get a taste of his cock?"

I didn't say anything, I just moaned into his ass like a bitch and continued sucking and kissing harder. I couldn't get enough of making out with this hot stud's muscular ass! Suddenly he just turned around, his massive cock, now hard as steel and erect slamming me in the face.

"Alright here you go fuckwad, here's your reward," said Jon as he sunk his cock into my throat in one smooth but fast and efficient thrust. I started to gag, but he didn't give a fuck, or he was even more turned on by that, because he only pulled back for half a second, then started really to piston in and out of my throat.

"Eat my meat faggot...that's it Mike...shit, you should see yourself. On your knees choking and gagging on my big cock like a porn slut...suck it bitch...suck my dick!"

I didn't really have a choice. I wasn't really sucking so much as getting totally skullfucked. Jon had locked his hands on the back of my head and was pistoning his thick battering rod in and out of my throat making me gag and choke like, as he said, a porn slut. But I had never been more turned on. Suddenly Jon yanked his cock out of my mouth...strands of spit extended between my lips and his thick rod. I lunged like a bitch in heat for his hot cock, trying to lick it, but Jon grabbed me by the hair and yanked back brutally.

"You fucking suck my cock when I order you to if you know what's good for you, wimp! Got it?"

"Yes sir," I managed to let out in a hoarse whisper. Jon just still slapped me, lightly, but not entirely in a joking way either, on the cheek with his other hand. Then he grabbed the base of his cock again.

"Open your mouth and stick out your tongue, bitch."

I obeyed, and was rewarded with several brutal cockslaps on my cheeks and tongue. Then Jon ordered me to just keep my tongue out of my mouth like a good little bitch. He leaned over. His handsome face was expressionless, just full of lust and determination. He just opened his mouth and spit a few times in mine. I submitted to this latest degradation, then watched in a trance as Jon stuck his thick cock back in my mouth and plugged it like a pussy again. My cheeks and lips were almost numb, but feeling his thick cock in my mouth was heaven. I felt Jon quicken his pace and felt his balls draw up...I knew what was coming.

"Just take it faggot...swallow my cum Mike!"

Jon really jammed his cock all the way down my throat and grabbed me by both sides of the head as he pumped load after load directly down my throat. Then he pulled back and I felt several more hot spurts on my tongue. I started swallowing what I could but heard him order me to just keep it in my mouth. I did so and felt the dominant stud who had used my mouth like a twat calm down from his high. I wanted to shoot too but when I put my hand on my dick he kicked it away with a foot, nonchalantly. Slowly Jon pulled his still-hard cock back from my mouth. Strands of cum extended from his huge cock to my lips and tongue but the running water was cleaning him off and I was just left there with a mouth open, full of cum.

I looked up, past the muscle extending around his hip, past the hot glistening ridges of his carved abs, past his sculpted muscular football chest into Jon's face, something I had not been really able to do while he was furiously fucking my mouth. Jon just stared down at me, sort of expressionless again, the stare of a determined wolf, sort of a look of contempt, lust, and conquest playing in his eyes and lips.

"Good job Mike. You're a great cocksucker. Now swallow my load."

I didn't need to be told twice. I closed my mouth and gulped down Jon's hot load. His face broke into a satisfied grin. He patted my head like a dog.

"Not bad. Fast learner," he said, still smiling, then stepped out of the shower. "Don't touch your pussyboy cock just yet gayboy."

For no particular reason, again I found myself obeying and followed Jon out of the bathroom.

"Go get me a towel dumbass," Jon said as he opened a carton of orange juice and drank straight out of it. I looked for a moment at the muscles on the side of his body and under his arm as he was drinking, but not wanting to cross him I ran back into the bathroom and came out with towels for both of us. I was so dazed I had just walked out naked and dripping after him. What the fuck was wrong with my mind??

I dried him and got the privilege of feeling his tough body again. Without being asked I sank to my knees and lightly patted his crotch then his legs. Jon then sat back in an armchair and raised up a foot and then the other and I dried each. He was just so cool about being served, it seemed to come naturally to him. Needless to say I had a raging boner and it was not going away, but Jon told me not to touch myself, so I was in major frustration...or pleasant tension or something. Jon just kept watching me dry his hot body with a bemused look on his face. I leaned in to pat his chiseled torso again with the towel because he was not completely dry there, but he just pushed me back with his knee. Then he raised up his right foot again, but this time to my face.

"You know what to do asslicker...get to it!"

I didn't even flinch as my long pink tongue snaked out and I started cleaning the soles of his foot. Jon never broke eye contact with me while I ran my tongue up and down the sole of his foot...even in his soles you could tell what an awesome athlete this guy was, with a body forged from top to bottom in the most strenuous contact sports. My mind didn't have too much time to wander though, even on his activities on the field, since I was slowly forced to pay attention to serving the dominant jock in front of me. He stuck his toes in my mouth and I worshipped them. Then he put his foot back down.

"OK cuntboy, I'm too lazy to raise up my other foot, but you know what to do...show me how much you want to get to know my body dude...go for it...kiss my fucking foot...now!" Jon raised his voice on the last word as I hesitated. But I leaned over on all fours like he was some kind of god and licked the top of his foot. I licked and kissed in between the toes. I continued this for about three minutes maybe. Then, without being told, I decided to take a chance and lick my way up his shin. Jon didn't complain and I slowly worked my way up his shin, licking the muscles of his calves and totally getting off on the sparse hairs and the feel of just how powerful his legs were. The muscle around the knee, his thighs, every inch of this guy's body was totally defined. Softly kissing my way up his toned thigh I noticed that his cock was growing again.

Suddenly Jon grabbed me by the hair, got up off the armchair over the top of my head and dragged me to his bed. I knew what was coming next.

"OK Mikey...I know you haven't cum yet, so you must be ready to explode...I can tell how much you dig my hot body. Only a few minutes ago I was fucking your face like a piece of pussy and all you wanted to do was jack off like a little boy. I guess that's how fagboys like you like to get their rocks off...I don't know and I don't give a shit. I've decided you're here to serve me when there aren't any chicks around...I can totally tell you get off on being used like a whore piece of ass, and that's cool with me. I guess yesterday when I penetrated your tight little ass I fucked any fight or resistance out of your faggot brain pretty fast. I made you into a pussy...and don't you fucking forget that. I fucking own your ass. Now that you seem cool with your place I want to give you want you want and treat you like what you are...I'm gonna make you my girl. Do you want that, pussy? Do you wanna be my hot little girl?"

I was confused, and I blushed furiously. What the hell was this guy saying. But I found myself nodding.

"Good. Your hot 'girlfriend' left some of her lipstick in the bathroom the other day. If you want me to plug your pussy with my big cock...you gotta know...I like to fuck girls. So go make yourself look like one. Show me how much you want me."

Without being asked, almost as if I was in a trance I made my way to the bathroom. I took the lipstick that my girlfriend left last time she was around, and I started putting it on. I looked so fucking gay! I put the lipstick on, and my cock twitched. In a submissive fit, I took the lipstick and wrote out "BITCH" on my chest. I decided to do one better than Jon even expected. I quickly snuck into my room, it was on the other side of the hallway so Jon couldn't see me go, and put on some of the panties Jenny had left. I wasn't even thinking...but my whole body was on fire.

Jon cracked up and just about bawled over with laughter when he saw me walk out. I must have made quite a sight. Fit, handsome guy, who gets plenty of pussy and can get plenty more, with lipstick on, panties, and a bright hot pink "BITCH" written right across his defined chest. Blushing furiously, I put on a faggy voice,

"You like it?"

Still chuckling, Jon said,

"Yeah pussyboy, you've got one hell of a sick twisted mind...but I like it. Get your ass over here."

I walked, slowly and seductively, toward Jon who was splayed out on his bed, back against the wall, his rock-muscle shoulders defined and relaxed in the morning light. My dick was straining against the soft fabric of the panties. Slowly I sank to my knees and wrapped my lipstick-pink lips around Jon's hot, thick cock, now totally erect. He felt down my toned back with his hand, and possessively smacked my ass a few times. Then he ordered me to stop sucking him off. Disappointed, I obeyed.

"OK, Michelle, it's time to get what you've itched for since I put it to you last night. Get up here."

I slowly crawled up into the bed and between Jon's legs, still grabbing his cock and jacking him off lightly. Then he totally surprised me by leaning forward, grabbing the back of my neck, and slowly sticking his tongue in my mouth. I let his tongue penetrate me. With one hand Jon lightly caressed my jaw, with the other he felt up and down my fit side and pinched my nipples, as his tongue explored my mouth. I moaned like a bitch and blushed again, a heat wave rising up my body. He was treating me just like a girl! Then Jon pulled me even further up. I put my hands against his chest to stabilize myself, again marveling at how fucking strong and ripped this guy was. He spread my legs over his and then looked into my eyes, one hand rubbing my ass, the other playing with the band of my new panties.

"Nice touch with the panties, girlieboy...Jenny leave them behind for you to wear for me?" I didn't answer, just slowly backed up only slightly into the hand that was feeling my ass. "I'm gonna take a shot at her hot pussy too, don't worry." My eyes widened and Jon grinned. "You like that, don't you, sick fuck? Huh? You want to see me fuck your girlfriend's brains out?"
