 A few years ago in college my roommate was fucking his new boyfriend bareback with the door open, so I watched.

This is my first story so be gentle. 

If you are under 18 or this is illegal in your jurisdiction then please leave. Everyone else, I hope you enjoy! 

*

I was lying in my bed waiting for everyone to settle. It was a cool autumn night in Oklahoma. As I lay there I started to hear the all too familiar sound of my roommate and his boyfriend beginning their nightly lovemaking session. At the time, I had lived with Nathan for three years. We dated for a few weeks as freshmen in college but soon just became "best friends". It was unlike any other friendship I had ever known. We were partners, even fuck buddies, but not lovers. We would fuck like rabbits when we were both single, but for some reason it was never romantic. I wasn't complaining though! The arrangement had its perks. Even when he did fuck other guys he would always leave the door cracked and be as loud as possible just to turn me on. Usually he would come fuck me after the other guy left. We also had an unspoken agreement that the other was free to watch/listen to each other with our tricks. I know he watched me every time I came home with some new guy. Nathan was well known for his huge 9 ½ thick white cock and so became popular among the guys on campus. Let me tell you, that boy knew how to fuck! 

When his new boyfriend moved in with us things changed. I got far less sex. Once in a while Matt, Nathan's boyfriend, would not be home and Nathan would work my hot bubble butt out with his bare cock. The great thing though was that Nathan and Matt fucked every night. Nathan and Matt loved the idea that I might be watching them. Nathan told me that when he would cum in Matt's tight ass he and Matt both hoped that someone was watching. They never wanted to know for sure if I was there so I was always quiet. This night I was in for a show of a lifetime. 

I got up out of my bed and squirted some KY in my hand so I could beat my cock while I watched them fuck. Both men were hot young college studs. Matt had long blond hair that made his tan skin look irresistible. Nathan was thin and toned with a dick that could please anyone. As I stepped into the hallway, I could see inside the cracked doorway. Light from the street was coming in the window like a spotlight on the two naked bodies. I could see Nathan face down with his legs spread wide and Matt's tongue forcing its way into Nathans quivering asshole. I watched Nathan's body thrust back and forth as Matt frantically rimmed the college stud. The scene was unbelievable. After a few moans Nathan rolled over to expose his monstrous cock. Matt wasted no time in devouring it. He kissed each nut slowly taking them in his mouth. He worked his way up the long rod until he reached the perfect mushroomed head. In one movement, he took the head in his mouth. He continued down the shaft unable to take it all.

Matt's long blond hair flew up and down as he worked to pleasure his horny boyfriend. Nathan grabbed Matt and pulled him up to his head. The two kissed madly and thrust against each other's tight body. I stroked my cock knowing that few will be lucky enough to see something so hot. The two sweaty bodies lay naked pressed together. They soon broke their embrace. 

Nathan lay on his back as Matt positioned his 21-year-old round buns over Nathan's protruding monster. I noticed Nathan shifted so they were positioned so that all the action could be seen from the slightly opened door. I watched with overwhelming lust as Matt's ass began to swallow the huge cock raw. Matt pushed his firm body closer, engulfing each inch. His leg muscles bulged as he squatted. When he reached the base, all 9 ½ inches were inside him. His asshole was stretched by the thick long cock. I could see Nathan's balls pressing against the firm ass. Matt began to slowly slide the pole in and out of his squeezing tunnel. They were both moaning as Matt began to increase the pace. I could clearly see Matt being penetrated bareback by Nathan's large dick. The two were so loud that even the neighbors must have heard them. As I watched, I could hear the flesh slap together as Matt slammed his body onto the enormous cock. Matt continued to ride Nathan for several minutes. As Nathan pounded away at the young tight ass, I heard him say, "I am going to cum". Seconds later I could see him jerk as he filled Matt's ass full with his cum. 

After Nathan's orgasm subsided he pulled his cock out of Matt's dripping ass. Matt told Nathan to stand up. Matt then proceeded to push Nathan against the wall only feet from the door. Matt bent Nathan over to give his some of his own ample cock. I could not believe how close they were. I could reach out and touch them both through the open door. Matt began to bang his raw cock into Nathan's tight hole. He grabbed his waist and pulled Nathan's body onto his waiting cock. Each thrust made Nathan beg for more. As the two got close to their second orgasm, I stoked my aching dick feverously. Nathan started to get louder and Matt yelled, "I am about to cum in your fucking hole". With only a few more thrust, Nathan shot his load all over the wall. At the same time, Matt sent his huge load of cum into Nathan's tight ass. Nathan thrust back wanting every drop to be inside him. Both young men had cum leaking out their beautiful asses. My legs got weak and waves of pleasure flowed all over me as my sperm fell to the floor. I got myself together and went back to my room. A few minutes later I heard them both go into the bathroom for a quick midnight shower. I lay there knowing that I would fantasize about that night often. And I have!

The next day, Nathan came into my room after Matt had left for school and asked if I had heard them last night. When I said yes, he said it was my turn for some fun. Nathan pulled out his hard uncut cock and filled my ass with the same juices Matt experienced the night before. But what Nathan didn't know was that Matt and I would soon have our time alone too.

*

Hope you like it! The story of Matt and I alone is next.

Let me know what you think. Please rate and leave feedback.