 I knew Greg less than our other 2 roommates, we all shared a 2 bedroom apartment at college. Larry and I shared one large bedroom, Randy and Greg the other. I knew Larry and Randy from my hometown, Greg was someone from their dorm our freshman year. It was the end of our sophomore year, the four of us getting the apartment after being fed up with dorm life after the first year. I had started getting high during my second semester at the apartment, all of us smoked the first time when Larry's girlfriend pulled out a joint one weekend. I definitely took an instant liking to it, but it also made me hornier than ever. 

We only had two weeks of classes left and we'd be going home for the summer. It was Saturday night and Larry and Randy had both gone home for the weekend. I was feeling really horny to start with, so I decided to fire one up and go out hunting for some pussy. Just as I was getting ready to lite it, Greg came back home unexpectedly. He was suppose to be going to a party with someone, but his plans fell through so he came home. 

I told Greg to sit down and help me burn the joint. Greg didn't smoke very often and I had to coax him a little to join me. After talking for a minute, he admitted that he didn't smoke much because he always got so horny that he sometimes did things he shouldn't. I just laughed and told him he wasn't the only one. After we were done smoking, we continued to sit on the couch and watch TV. While channel surfing, we came across a movie with 2 chicks making out. I asked Greg if he liked watching girls getting it on. He admitted he did, so I told him that I had something for him to check out. I went into my bedroom and came back out with a lezzie magazine, one that showed graphic color pics of girls doing what they do together. I dropped the mag in Greg's lap and told him to check it out. He was really digging the pics, especially the one's with a girl eating pussy.

I told Greg that it was obvious that his getting high had gotten him horny, and I pointed to the tent in his pants that he was trying to hide with the magazine. I had fooled around with a neighbor boy back home while we looked at dirty mags, and those same thoughts were now coming back to me. I told Greg that it was alright, and I pointed to the boner in my pants. I then reached over and turned the page, putting just a little pressure on the bulge in his lap. He drew in a noticeable breath, and I flat out asked him if he had ever seen another guys cock. Greg didn't say anything, he just swallowed, like he was trying to get the nerve to say something.

Before he could say anything, I pulled the front on my shorts down and showed him my 6" rock hard cock. I told him that since he was seeing what mine looked like, that he should show me his. He nervously unbuttoned his bluejeans, pulled down his zipper, and pulled back his underwear showing his hard 7" cock. I reached over and wrapped my hand around it and gently squeezed the head between my finger and thumb. Greg moaned a little, I could tell he was definitely enjoying the feel of my hand on his cock. 

I told him to sit back and keep checking out the lezzies. After about a minute of playing with his cock, I suddenly leaned over and took his cock in my mouth. It felt so great sliding across my tongue, the soft silkiness of the skin contrasted by the hard shaft which it covered. Greg's whole body stiffened when he felt my warm wet mouth on his cock, and that was followed by a low moan and the feel of his hand in my hair, guiding my head up and down. I tried to draw it all into my mouth, but could'nt get the last bit in without starting to gag. I had taken 5 inches all the way down in the past, but his 7" shaft was not only longer, but bigger around as well. I started to slowly glide my mouth up and down on his shaft, licking and pushing on his cock with my tongue. It didn't take but a minute of my mouth working on his cock that I felt his hips rise up off the couch and his body stiffen and jerk as I felt his warm tangy thick cum in my mouth. I swallowed his cum while continuing to milk his cock with my mouth. I kept working his cock until his cum stopped and he was starting to push my head away from his now super sensitive organ. I resisted his pushing and just held his still hard cock in my mouth.

After a minute had passed, I started to slowly work on his cock again. When I had him going good again, I came back up for air and told him to follow me. I led him into my bedroom and pushed him onto my bed. I then took off my shorts and underwear and reached for Greg's hand and I put it on my hard throbbing cock. I had a large drop of pre-cum on the head of my dick. I used a finger to gather it and put it to Greg's lips and told him to taste it. He said he liked the way it tasted, and I said I had more for him as I lay down beside him in the 69 position. I told him that if he wanted me to finish him again, he was going to have to do me at the same time. I only had to wait a second before I felt his warm mouth on my cock, tentatively at first, but then he had me in his mouth, his lips gliding up and down on me. I watched his mouth making my cock feel good for just a few seconds before I went back to working on that 7" cock, this time I got to really work on it for a bit before he came again, and tasting his cum in my mouth was what pushed me over the edge and I was having that great feeling of jerking and shooting my cum into Greg's mouth. He didn't do too bad for his first time. We sucked each other off again later that evening, and the next morning and whenever our roommates weren't around for the last two weeks before we went home for the summer.