 Eric was sprawled out on the couch, watching some mindless show on TV and debating in his mind whether or not it was time for his first beer of the weekend. It was a cold and rainy Friday afternoon in the middle of November and Eric was wearing sweatpants, thick white socks and black woolen turtleneck sweater. Shellie, his girlfriend, had left a little over an hour ago to visit her parents for the weekend.

Eric, Shellie, and Stephen shared the rent on a modest two-bedroom house about two miles away from the university where all three were graduate students. Eric and Shellie had been together for almost two years now. Stephen, an openly gay man, was a long-time friend of Shellie's from high school. She had known back then about his sexual orientation but he hadn't come out openly until he got to the university.

"Ah, what the hell, why not?" Eric had just said aloud to himself, answering his question about getting a beer, when the front door opened and Stephen walked in.

Stephen, a tall, around six-three, thin man with mildly curly dark hair, bright brown eyes, and a remarkably boyish face, was wearing a white woolen fisherman's sweater and his favorite blue denim overalls. He slipped off his shoes, saw Eric, and smiled as he said, "Shellie left for home already?"

Eric, also thin but a couple of inches shorter than Stephen, said, "Yeh, not that long ago. What's up, Stephen? Going out tonight?"

Stephen smile grew even wider as he replied, "I've got a hot date and to make things even better, I bought a nice new toy downtown at that adult store."

Eric smiled at his friend who was, to say the least, enthusiastic and adventuresome when it came to all things sexual. Stephen had once dazzled both Eric and Shellie by his ability to completely transform himself into a remarkably passable woman, complete with fake breasts, a long-haired blond wig that fell almost to his waist, full makeup, earrings, fake nails, two-inch black heels, and a form-fitting long-sleeved black dress. Stephen got more than lucky that night, spending it with a middle-aged businessman in the penthouse suite of the fanciest hotel in town. The businessman had known that Stephen was actually a man but had been so turned on by this knowledge that, at least according to Stephen, he had been more than willing to perform oral sex three times on Stephen during the course of the evening.

"OK," Eric said. "I'm curious now. What is your new toy?"

Stephen reached into his pocket and came out with a pair of handcuffs.

"I couldn't resist," he said, "they were on sale and everything."

"May I see them?" Eric said. He and Shellie had experimented with bondage a few times and he had found that the whole thing was a tremendous turn-on to him. Eric knew that Stephen knew this since Shellie and he confessed just about everything in their lives to one another.

"Better yet," Stephen said, laughing, "Why don't you try them on? I really should make sure they work, you know."

Eric raised his eyebrows and thought to himself, 'Why not?" "Sure," he replied and held out his arms.

Stephen stepped forward and took one of his friend's wrists. To Eric's surprise, he took it with him as he stepped behind the shorter man. He then grabbed the other wrist and quite quickly there was a click-click as the cuffs were snapped shut and Eric was now in a rather helpless position.

"Why behind?" he managed to say, his voice rising a hair.

"Why not, my friend," Stephen said, "It certainly is a more, well, realistic, position, is it not?

Eric noticed that Stephen's hands were still on his sweater-covered shoulders. He was certainly beginning to feel rather submissive and, as had happened when Shellie had tied him, he was also feeling that initial wave of arousal under his sweatpants. 

He had never had any kind of a gay or bi experience, not even a grade school 'show me yours and I'll show you mine" session. Stephen certainly was a good-looking guy, Eric thought, and he certainly did look quite pretty that time he had dressed up as a woman, but was he really such a submissive that his cock would harden the moment he became helpless.

"You OK?" Stephen said, in a soft, gentle voice.

"Sure," Eric said.

Stephen gently rubbed his friend's upper arms and leaned a little so that his mouth was just a few inches from Eric's ear. "Good," he whispered and then gently squeezed Eric's arms.

"You know," he continued, "Would you let me gag you as well? It always seems to me that handcuffs aren't much without a nice gag."

In for a nickel, in for a dime, Eric thought. "If you wish," he said, "after all, there isn't much I could do right now to stop you, is there?"

Stephen giggled and said, "Not really. You know, I just so happen to have this really nice red bandanna in my pocket. It would even go well with your sweater."

Eric was about to say something but then the bandanna was between his lips and all that he heard was a "mmmppphhhh" come from his lips. Another came when he realized that there was a big knot in the bandanna that was quite effective in reducing his words to feeble mmmppphhs. Yet another one of those mmmpphhs came out when he realized that Stephen had to have pre-tied that knot in what was now his gag.

As his friend concentrated on tying a knot at the back of Eric's head, his cuffed fingers brushed against Stephen's overalls and felt what was obviously a rock-hard cock underneath them. Eric suddenly realized that both men were now completely and fully aroused.

When Stephen had finished tying Eric's gag, one of his hands reached around Eric and pulled him even closer. The other hand started at his stomach and went slowly down Eric's sweater until it reached his cock.

"Well, well, what do we have here?" Stephen said with a laugh. "And, more to the point, what are we both going to do about these hard-ons?"

He continued to rub the cuffed and gagged man's cock until Eric moaned into his gag. Then Stephen gently pulled his friend back and sat him down on the couch.

"Don't go anywhere," he said, still laughing. "I'll be right back with some final touches for that cute outfit of yours."

Eric watched Stephen walk into his bedroom and then quickly return with a long length of thick white rope and one of Shellie's winter scarves—a white woolen scarf of knitted mohair.

Stephen knelt before Eric and expertly knotted his ankles together with the rope. Then he blindfolded the bound man with the scarf. When that task was complete, he whispered into Eric's ear, "By the way, sweetie, you are my hot date for tonight. I have been waiting for the opportunity to seduce you for a long, long time—ever since I first laid eyes on you to tell the full truth. I wasn't sure how to do it until Shellie told me how much you liked being tied and gagged. And, now, here you are, rock-hard and all mine!"

Eric moaned again into his gag and Stephen laughed and said, "I love those gagged sounds. In fact, I have a way that I know you will cause you to make a few more."

With those words, he pulled down both Eric's sweatpants and his plaid boxers, exposing his stiff cock.

"Ah, doesn't that look good, Stephen said, gently running a finger up and down Eric's shaft. Eric moaned at the touch.

Stephen then kissed the tip of Eric's cock and softly ran his tongue up and down it.

"MMMPPPHHHHHHH!!!"

"Yes, I know that feels very very good, Stephen said and then took Eric's cock into his mouth and began moving his lips very very slowly up and down, up and down, up and down.

Stephen, of course, had done this many, many times before and had no intention of actually finishing off his friend. The idea was to have the first-timer completely aroused and completely at his command.

Eric pleaded into his gag when Stephen removed his lips from his cock.

"You didn't really think I was going to blow you right away did you?" Stephen said. "After all, you are the one who is bound and gagged and I am the one who did the work. It is only right that I get to be done first, don't you think?"

"MMPPPHHH?"

"Yes, my friend, you will blow me. I take you have never done it before?"

Eric shook his head.

"Well, there is a first time for everything isn't there?"

Eric slowly nodded his head.

"It's actually a lot of fun," Stephen said. He then helped Eric off the couch and maneuvered him onto his knees. After he had his overalls and his own boxers off, he sat down in front of his friend and untied the bandanna gag. Before Eric could say anything, Stephen's hand was over his mouth.

"No talking buddy, just get to work."

Eric complied, his mind racing with excitement as his lips touched the tip of Stephen's cock and he began to repeat what had been done to him just a few minutes earlier. While he experienced his first taste of a man's cock, Eric felt comforted by the way Stephen's fingers gently caressed his hair and massaged his sweater-covered shoulders.

"Now go up and down much more quickly," Stephen said, his voice catching a little.

Eric complied and it only took three quick slides of his lips up and down his friend's cock for Stephen to explode into his mouth. Wow, he thought to himself, that really was fun. He wondered what his next lesson in male-to-male sexuality might be.

When Stephen's breathing had returned to normal and his cock had begun to soften, he picked up the bandanna gag, then thought better of it. He had another idea that he thought his submissive friend might enjoy even more.

It did not take Stephen long to re-position Eric, this time on Stephen's queen-sized bed. Eric was flat on his back, his wrists now cuffed in front of him and tied to the bed rail with a two-foot length of white rope. His ankles were bound with rope as well. He was still blindfolded with Shellie's mohair scarf and Stephen's hand was currently, rather possessively Eric thought, covering his mouth.

"Good work Eric," Stephen whispered, his lips gently touching Eric's ear. "You have earned your reward. Just one more finishing touch to your bondage though."

"mmmppphh?"

"Open up sweetie, I have a special treat for you."

Eric complied and in went a pair of Shellie's panties which were quickly sealed in place by two six-inch strips of duct tape.

Stephen smoothed out the tape and then ran his hands down Eric's sweater-covered chest until his fingers found the rock-hard cock that awaited them. Eric moaned into the panty-stuffing that gagged him as Stephen's fingers went to work. Stephen worked his friend right up until the point of explosion and then he took him into his mouth for the grand finale.

After Eric had been released, the two men sat together on the couch, beers in hand and Eric leaned his head on Stephen's shoulder and whispered, "Thanks buddy,"

Stephen said, laughing, "It was my pleasure, as you well know. Just how long will Shellie be gone anyway?"

(to be continued)