 Derek and Jackson were relaxing one night mindlessly watching the tube, when, out of the blue, Derek said, "I wish I could get my dick sucked."

Jackson replied, "That was random, Dude. What's going on between those ears?

Derek continued, "You know what I mean, Dude. Haven't you ever wondered what it would be like to really get a great blowjob? Not like the girls we hang with. They have no appreciation for the art of dick sucking. Anytime one has gone down on me, it's like they are afraid of the thing or totally disgusted with it. It's better than nothing, but I'd like to experience a dick sucking by someone who knew and appreciated what they were doing.

"That would be cool," Jackson said. "Actually, I don't think I've ever had a good blowjob. The girl is all fumbling around, not sure what to do next."

"I've thought of coaching them," Derek said, "You know, telling them where to touch, what to lick, how to suck. In my mind I can easily imagine the perfect suck."

"I know what you mean," Jackson continued; "Sometimes it feels better to just jack off. But there is something about having another set of hands on your balls that drives you crazy."

"Yeah, but I just wish those hands knew what they were doing," Derek said. "Shit, all this talk about blowjobs is making me horny." Absent mindedly, Derek's hand dropped to his crotch and started massaging his dick through his shorts. Jackson noted his actions with a smile before turning back to the tube. He had to admit to himself that the talk was turning him on as well. He placed his own hand discreetly between his legs and slightly pressed against his own growing cock.

Derek saw the move and smiled, "Hey, roomie. Whatcha doing over there?"

Jackson quickly moved his hand and said, "Nothing, just watching TV."

Derek pressed, "It looked like something to me."

"Fuck off," Jackson said.

Thinking about getting that dick sucked? Hmmm? All that thinking got to me. Look!"

Jackson turned to look at Derek, who was outlining his erection through his shorts by pressing the material down around either side with his hands, showing that he was hard.

"Dude, why don't you go whack yourself in the john?" asked Jackson.

"Why don't I just do it right here?" Derek asked. As he spoke, he unzipped his shorts and opened his pants, exposing his boxers and his erection.

At the sound of the zipper, Jackson turned and watched his roommate undo his shorts. In a non-plus manner, Jackson said, "Whatever turns you on, Dude." He kept watching, wondering if Derek would actually whip out his dick and start stroking it in front of him. The thought made his dick jump a bit. 

Derek continued to rub his dick through his boxers, enjoying the show he was putting on for Jackson. When he saw that he had Jackson's full attention, he lifted his ass off the chair and with one swift motion he peeled off both, his shorts and boxers and cast them aside. 

Jackson's eyes bulged as his roommate stripped before him. He'd seen Derek naked before – a quick glance coming out of the shower – but never with an erection. He found the sight fascinating as Derek settled back in the chair and started lightly stroking his cock. He was unaware of starring, until Derek spoke, "Dude, you enjoying the show?"

Jackson blushed a bit and turned away. His own dick was now aching to come out and play, but this was new territory and he wasn't' sure what was going on.

Derek spoke, "Jackson, why don't you come over here and suck my dick?"

"Fuck you, Dude. Go suck yourself!" Jackson sounded angrier than he was, but he was very uncomfortable at the moment. He knew he should leave, but something was preventing him, something he didn't really understand. He began actually thinking about sucking Derek's cock. He wasn't gay. He loved pussy. What was going on?

"Dude, I would if I could. That would be so cool to suck yourself. I'm just not that flexible. At least join me in a jack. I know you were watching me. Come on; no one will know. It's not like were gay or anything. Just two horny Dudes getting off. You never jack off with a friend before?"

Jackson's mind was spinning. Yes, he had jacked off with a friend, in high school. They swore each other to secrecy and he had never mentioned to anyone. He turned around and looked at Derek who now had his hand wrapped around his cock and his other hand cradling his balls. Jackson's dick was throbbing and he thought he felt a bit of precum escaping the tip of his dick.

Derek smiled at Jackson and urged him on, "Come on, Dude. Don't leave me hanging here alone. Join me.

Nervously, Jackson relented and moved his hand over to his shorts. Slowly he unbuttoned and then unzipped his shorts and removed both shorts and underwear at the same time freeing his dick from its clothed prison. As it sprung into view, Derek smiled, "Doesn't that feel better?"

Jackson agreed by nodding his head. He reached down and started stoking his dick as he watched Derek doing the same.

Derek pointed his dick at Jackson and asked, "Are you sure you don't want a taste?" 

Jackson didn't answer right away, not sure what to say. Then he said, "You first!" and he pointed his dick back at Derek, thinking that would be the end of it.

Derek surprised Jackson by saying, "Okay." Derek got up out of the chair and walked over to Jackson. He knelt in front of him and spread Jackson's legs apart. Then he reached over and took Jackson's dick in his right hand and cupped his balls with his left and looked up at Jackson saying, "Ready?" Without a moment's hesitation, Derek lowered his head and directed Jackson's dick toward his mouth.

Jackson gasped as he felt Derek's tongue licking the underside of his shaft while he continued to play with his balls. Derek continued to lick, paying special attention to that spot just beneath the tip. Derek circled the tip of Jackson's dick with his tongue and then lowered his mouth over the tip. While working his tongue on the underside of Jackson's cock, Derek started gently sucking on Jackson's dick, taking in a little more cock with each suck. He had imagined this moment many times. Knowing what he would like to have done to himself, Derek explored, licked, and sucked Jackson's dick with joy.

Jackson was in bliss. Never before had he experienced anything quite like this. Feeling Derek's hands and mouth and tongue on his dick was phenomenal. Before long, he felt his balls start to tighten and he knew he was close to blowing his wad. He was both embarrassed and turned on like never before. Just before reaching the point of no return, he pushed Derek away and gasped for breath.

"Shit, man. You've done that before." Jackson accused."

""Nope, never. I just know what I'd like done to me and I did it to you. I take it you enjoyed it?"

"Fucking A, man. You were driving me insane. I've never felt anything like it before. You just about got a wad of cum shot in your mouth." Jackson was relaxing a bit, but he was hoping for more.

"Okay," Derek said, "You're turn." With that, he leaned back on the floor and spread his legs to Jackson.

Jackson hesitated just a bit, but Derek continued, "Come on, Dude. You said you would if I went first. I went first; it's your turn to suck me."

He had said it. He had said, "You first." And Derek complied. It was now his turn. He looked at Derek's dick laid out on his stomach, hairy balls and all, and slowly he got to his knees and crawled over to Derek. He lowered his head and took a long slow lick from the ball sac to the tip of his friend's dick and Derek moaned.

"Yes!" Derek said, "That feels incredible! More!"

Urged on by the positive feedback, Jackson repeated the act. When he reached the tip, he took his hand and positioned the dick up and positioned himself over the throbbing member. Slowly he lowered his mouth, covering the tip and more. It was spongier than he expected, soft and hard at the same time. It wasn't an unpleasant sensation and soon he found himself bobbing up and down in a steady rhythm.

"Yes, yes," Derek repeated over and over. Derek placed his hands on Jackson's head and tried to get Jackson to take more and more of his dick with each thrust. Jackson gagged a bit and Derek backed off as he continued to enjoy his friend's efforts. 

Jackson continued his licking and sucking as he reached up with one hand and started playing with Derek's balls. He assumed Derek would let him know when to stop, but Derek had other plans. He said nothing as his balls started to tighten up. Knowing he was about to blow his wad, Derek increased his pelvic thrusts and Jackson accommodated. The next thing Jackson knew was Derek's dick expanded a brief moment and "POW!" the first shot streamed into Jackson's mouth.

Jackson quickly pulled back as the second burst hit his face. He couldn't help but swallow part of the first blast. The third and fourth spurts landed on Derek's shirt as Jackson began cussing him out. "You fuck-head! Why did you do that?" Jackson removed his own shirt and used it to wipe off his face. 

"Sorry, Dude. I got caught up in the moment. That was fucking awesome!" 

"Awesome, my ass. At least you could have warned me! Fuck!"

Derek didn't say any more as he laid back and enjoyed the afterglow of orgasm. Jackson got up and looked around for his clothes. As he grabbed his shorts and underwear, Derek spoke, "Dude, Let me make it up to you. You can cum in my mouth."

"Really?" Jackson asked.

"Really," Derek moved and instructed Jackson to sit back down in the chair. Then he crawled over to him and assumed the previous position with one hand on his dick and the other on his balls. He began licking the tip like it was a tootsie pop while slowly stroking his shaft and playing with his balls. Soon Jackson relaxed back into the chair and started enjoying an incredible blowjob by his friend. 

Derek licked and sucked Jackson and then he lowered his mouth on Jackson's cock and started a slow, rhythmic suck and pull that was driving Jackson out of his mind. This went on for a couple of seconds and then Jackson yelled, "I'm going to cum!"

Derek increased his tempo in anticipation of receiving Jackson's wad. He felt Jackson's dick swell and his balls tighten. Jackson gripped the sides of the chair and thrust his hips upward as the first shock of orgasm gripped his body. Stream after stream of cum shot out of his dick into Derek's waiting mouth. Derek greedily took all Jackson could give him, swallowing it like a man dying of thirst. Derek sucked and milked Jackson's dick until it began to get soft and Jackson pushed him away. Reluctantly, Derek let it go, looking up at his friend. "Even?"

Jackson smiled, "Even. That was the most incredible orgasm I've ever had. Are you sure you've never done this before."

"Nope, Never have. But I do know this. I hope it's not the last!

Jackson smiled and said, "I hope it's not either."