 After a bit, Jackson got up, grabbed his clothes and said, "I'm going to take a shower."

Derek looked up at his roommate and said, "Are we cool?"

Jackson smiled and nodded his head. "Yeah, man; we're cool."

He headed to the bathroom, his mind reeling from what just happened. It all happened so fast. Derek had just given him the best blowjob he had ever had and he had sucked Derek as well. Jackson could still taste Derek's cum. He thought about the shock he felt as the warm spurts hit his throat, his face. He held his shirt to his face and breathed deeply the scent of Derek's cum soaking his shirt. Jackson felt his dick start to twitch as he reviewed the event. He felt a little guilty – both for doing it and for enjoying it so much.

As he washed himself in the shower he couldn't help but think of how Derek looked kneeling between his legs sucking his dick. The warm soapy water felt good on his chest. As he reached down to wash his cock he was not surprised to find himself hard. He stroked himself a few times and then continued to wash his legs. After finishing, and rinsing off, he re-soaped his hands and washed his dick and asshole one more time. He slipped a finger into his ass as he rubbed his cock. He wondered if Derek did this to himself. He wondered if Derek would do it to him. He wondered if he would do it to Derek. He stopped short of bringing himself off, finished rinsing and turned off the water. As he got out of the shower, Derek was standing there.

"A shower sounded nice, so I thought I'd follow you." Derek said. 

Jackson was a bit embarrassed as his dick was hard and red from the "cleaning" it had just received.

Derek continued, "Looks like you had some fun in there. You should have called; I'd have come and helped." He smiled and moved past Jackson and entered the shower.

Jackson finished drying off as the water started for Derek's shower. He hung his towel and went to his room and climbed into bed. Normally, he put underwear on, but tonight he wanted to sleep naked. It matched the mood he was in. As he kicked back on the bed, he could hear the water running in the bathroom. He wondered what Derek was doing in there. He wondered how long Derek had been watching him. Did he see anything? Didn't really matter. He considered getting up and joining Derek in the shower. Just as he convinced himself to do that, he heard the water shut off. "Oh well, maybe next time." His dick was hard as a rock. He thought of jacking off, but decided against it.

Jackson closed his eyes to go to sleep. He could hear Derek lightly humming to himself as he finished up in the bathroom. A few minutes later there was a knock at his door. The door was open, but Derek knocked before entering. "You asleep?" Derek asked.

Jackson thought of pretending to be asleep, but decided not to. "No. I'm awake."

"Can I come in?" Derek asked.

"Sure, come on in. "Jackson responded

Derek was still naked from his shower as he entered Jackson's room and sat on the bed. "Sorry if I freaked you out tonight," Derek said. "I don't know what came over me. It was like all my fantasies came out at once. But I'd be lying if I said I didn't enjoy it."

"No worries, man." Jackson replied. "I was a bit freaked out at first, but I gotta admit, I enjoyed it myself. I was thinking about it in the shower and got hard all over again." Truth was he was still hard, but safely concealed under his bed covers.

"I know what you mean," Derek continued. "The whole thing was a real turn on for me.

Jackson looked at his roommate, sitting naked on his bed. Derek's dick was not hard, but neither was if flaccid. It was sort of in between. Derek saw Jackson checking him out and took the opportunity to shift a bit to give his roommate a better view. Jackson felt a strong urge to reach out and touch Derek's cock but didn't.

As if he was reading Jackson's mind, Derek said, "Go ahead; touch it."

Jackson quickly looked up at Derek's face, embarrassed a bit. Derek opened his legs farther apart saying, "Go ahead. I can see it in your eyes that you want to touch it." Derek grabbed Jackson's hand and guided it to his dick. Jackson didn't resist

The hot soft flesh felt good to the touch. As Jackson felt Derek's dick, it began to harden in his hand. He looked at Derek, who just smile and moaned a bit. Jackson got a bit bolder as he fondled his roommate's cock into a full erection. Slowly and softly, Jackson stroked Derek's dick and played with his balls. He felt a drip of precum fall from his own dick and hit his stomach.

Derek leaned back on his hands, enjoying the feel of Jackson's hand on his dick. Before long a drop of precum appeared on his dick. Jackson squeezed Derek's dick and the drop got bigger and started to cascade down the tip of Derek's dick. Jackson caught the drip with his forefinger and began massaging it into the tender spot just beneath the tip of Derek's dick. With his thumb, Jackson gently worked the clear liquid into the spot and was rewarded for his efforts with another drop, then another.

Derek stood up and pulled back Jackson's covers, exposing Jackson's nakedness. Jackson's dick had produced its only little pool of precum on Jackson's stomach. As Derek admired the sight before him, another drip started to fall from Jackson's dick. Derek reached down and gently milked Jackson's dick and a small flood of precum came flowing out onto Jackson's stomach. Derek wiped the precum off Jackson's dick and brought his fingers to his mouth and licked them clean. Then he moved Jackson's dick out of the way and lowered himself to the pooling cum and licked it off Jackson's stomach.

Derek told Jackson to move over a bit. Jackson wordlessly complied, making room on his bed for Derek. Derek laid down opposite of Jackson and shifted until his face was next to Jackson's dick. Derek's own dick was inches from Jackson's face as Jackson anticipated what was going to happen next.

Without a word, Jackson reached over and ran a hand over Derek's ass and balls. Derek lifted a leg for easier access as he moved in and started lightly sucking Jackson's cock.

Jackson moaned softly as Derek worked on his cock. He reciprocated by taking Derek's dick into his own mouth. He would suck him and let him cum in his mouth, just as he had done to Derek earlier. As he worked on Derek's dick, Jackson felt Derek's hands rubbing his ass. He moved his legs a bit, wondering if Derek would finger his asshole. He didn't have to wait long as he felt Derek's probing finger searching for an opening. Soon, it found its mark and Derek started lightly scratching the opening with his fingernail. 

Jackson swooned a bit at the feel of Derek's finger on his asshole. In return, he began searching for Derek's rosebud, which he quickly found. He emulated Derek's actions and was encouraged by Derek's response. 

Jackson penetrated Derek's ass with his finger as he licked and sucked Derek's dick. He felt Derek tense up and then start thrusting harder toward Jackson's mouth. Anticipating that Derek was close to cuming, Jackson began working his finger vigorously in Derek's ass while sucking his dick with more deliberation. As he got close, Derek tried to pull away from his friend, but Jackson leaned in, refusing to let loose of Derek's dick. 

Derek stopped doing Jackson and said, "Dude, I'm going to blow!"

Jackson responded by renewing his efforts at sucking Derek's dick, letting Derek know that he was ready for this.

Derek humped Jackson's face, enjoying the finger in his ass and let go as he came spurt after spurt into Jackson's awaiting mouth. Jackson sucked and milked the cum out of Derek's dick until Derek said, "No more, Dude."

Jackson relaxed and let Derek's dick fall out of his mouth. He rolled onto his back with a self-satisfied smile on his face. He had made his roommate cum in his mouth. 

After a few minutes, Jackson felt Derek's mouth back on his dick. Derek was devouring Jackson's cock while fingering his asshole. Working feverishly, Derek licked and sucked Jackson's dick and balls as Jackson fucked the face of his friend. Derek lowered himself on Jackson's cock and sucked like a madman until his efforts paid off. With a grunt, Jackson unloaded into Derek's mouth. Derek eagerly accepted Jackson's payload, sucking him until he was dry. 

The two rested for awhile without saying anything. After awhile, Derek got up, smiled at Jackson and playfully cuffed the side of his head. Jackson just smiled as Derek said, "Pleasant dreams." And he walked out of Jackson's room. Jackson rolled over, and closed his eyes, falling fast asleep.