 This is the final chapter of Roommate, his Boyfriend & Me. Hope you enjoyed this series. Life really starts after college. 

This is my first story so be gentle. 

If you are under 18 or this is illegal in your jurisdiction then please leave. Everyone else, I hope you enjoy! 

*

The next few weeks were great. Clearly something had changed since that day in the bathroom. I was getting more sex than ever. Tuesdays became especially enjoyable as both Nathan and Matt used my hole for their own personal pleasure and as an extension of their relationship. Nathan told me that they both got excited about mixing their seed inside me. In the mornings Nathan would wake me up after Matt left for class and plunge his huge uncut cock into my tight little ass. Since Nathan and I had fucked for years, we both knew the others body so well that our timing was perfect. We could always manage to cum at exactly the same moment. Granted, all this fucking was never romantic. Nathan and I had fucked raw a few times a week since we met but we never kissed. It is crazy how we both felt that kissing should be saved for relationships. Anyway, on Tuesdays Nathan would dump his load in me and then leave for class. 

When Matt got home he would immediately come to my room strip off his clothes and start licking my ass. He told me that eating Nathan's cum from my ass was the hottest thing he has ever done. Knowing what he wanted, I would lay face down naked with my legs spread apart just waiting for him to use me. The first time I did this Matt came into my room and said, "That is so fucking hot! You have the best ass I have ever seen." He was so excited when he started eating my hole that I thought he was going to stick his entire head into me. I relaxed a little and let some of Nathan's white juices flow into Matt's mouth. This sent him over the edge and he forcefully mounted me and started fucking his hard uncovered cock into my cum filled hole. Matt was rough! He pressed his hard body onto me pushing me into the bed. He used his hips to thrust his dick in and out of my ass. The bed was making so much noise I thought it might collapse. Our bodies were covered in sweat and my ass muscles were doing their best to work his incredible cock. After several minuets Matt screamed, "Are you ready for another load up your ass? I am going to breed you deep just like Nathan did." With that his body started to shake and I knew he was filling me up. He stopped thrusting and just fell on top of me with his full weight. His cock was still inside as I felt juices starting to leak out the edges of my hole. Matt withdrew and I felt a flood of cum run out of me onto my balls. I loved it!

Except for during our regular hormone filled sessions, none of us discussed the crazy fucking we were all doing. The funny thing was that although both of them were fucking me, and fully aware the other one was too, we never did anything all together. That was fine with me; I was getting twice the action. 

Life was pretty much normal around the house. With only a few weeks before graduation, I knew this would all end soon. One day, Nathan told me that he and Matt had a surprise graduation present for me but I would just have to wait until they decided I was ready. Later that night, I walked out of the bathroom after taking a shower when I heard Matt moaning loudly. Their bedroom door was wide open and the lights were on. Could this be my present? A nice view of the two hot men fucking for me. 

As I approached the open door I saw Matt alone naked on the bed stroking his cock. Then suddenly Nathan grabbed me from behind and pushed me to their bed. Nathan said, "We knew you couldn't resist all that noise." I wasted no time taking Matt's hard dick into my mouth. From behind Nathan pulled off my towel and tossed it onto the floor. Nathan started eating my ass as I sucked his boyfriend. Nathan said, "I want to watch you ride Matt's cock." Not needing to be asked twice, I moved up the bed and lowered myself onto the spit lubed dick. My hole expanded as each inch entered my body. Nathan got his face right next to the action and started licking his boyfriend's balls. I tried hard to give Nathan a show by letting Matt's dick slide almost out and then all the way back into my raw hole. Nathan kept saying, "I love it, ride my man." 

In a quick movement, Matt rolled me over onto my back with my legs over his shoulders. He started fucking me hard and Nathan was going wild stroking his own dick. Matt kept up his pace for a while and then suddenly pulled out of me and blew his load all over my abs. This caused both Nathan and I to explode as well. Nathan lined his cock up with my flat stomach and moaned as his warm seed flew onto me mixing with the cum dropped by Matt and my own load. Our juices formed a small white pool that started running down the sides of my flat stomach. Matt said, "That was amazing."

The Nathan said, "But we have only started." He reached his hand down and scooped up the cum we had all just deposited. He started to rub it onto his quickly recovering dick and said, "My turn." He rolled me to the side and pressed his cum lubed dick into my ass. 

Matt said, "Give me some of that."Nathan stretched out his cum covered hand and Matt took the remaining sticky mess. He then surprised me by rubbing it onto my hard 7 inch dick then using the rest to stroke his own cock. Matt rolled onto his side with his back to me and slid his ass onto my cock. Despite the regular fucking he took from his very hung boyfriend, he was amazingly tight. As the head of my dick passed the initial resistance, I could feel his warm tunnel encase my cum coated cock. I was in heaven! I never really thought I would get the chance to get both of these guys at the same time. I was even more surprised that Matt was letting me fuck him. After a little difficulty, we developed a great rhythm that was giving me pleasure on both ends. 

Our hot sweaty three-way lasted for longer than I expected. I was experiencing so much pleasure with Nathan's large cock hitting into me and Matt's juicy ass squeezing tightly against every thrust I made. Suddenly, Matt began to moan and as his seed flew from his dick as his body began to shake. Unable to last any longer, I exploded into Matt. I could feel the walls of his ass fill with my cum. Nathan started to jerk and I could feel his dick move inside me as he released his load into me. After a few minuets Matt said, "did you like your present?" 

All I could say was, "It was exactly what I wanted."

The three of us stayed there for a few minutes coved in each other's cum. Three dicks, two asses, and my stomach were all covered in our collective juice. It was great.

Unfortunately, that was the last time I got to have sex with them. After graduation we all moved away. However, it turned out that one of our mutual friends had a huge crush on me. Within weeks, I had a new boyfriend and we were off on our own adventures. A few months later Nathan called me and said that he and Matt broke-up a few months after graduation. He said their sex life was never as good after they moved. We both just laughed. It was fun but nothing like what I experienced with my new boyfriend. That is a whole other story! 

*

Thank you all for your support. Hope you enjoyed the story! It was my first attempt at writing a non-academic work. If you like it I might write more!