 It's difficult to find privacy when you're sharing

a small college dorm room with another guy, but Gene and I had worked out some accommodations, like taking turns vacating the premises when the other guy had a hot date to bring back to the room.

But then there were always those nights when neither of us had a date and we just turned out the lights and went to sleep horny as hell. On one of those nights I was awakened by a noise in the room. Without stirring, I opened my eyes and looked toward Gene's bed where the noise was coming from. Gene was stretched out on his bed, naked and very hard. The moonlight filtering in through the window glistened off his body as he lay there on top of the covers slowly stroking himself. The noise was his soft moaning of enjoyment as he stroked his cock.

Although I had never been attracted to guys, I couldn't stop watching him. I found myself thinking that this guy had one sexy body. His daily workouts and swim team routine had given him the body of a true Adonis. I lay there watching as he brought himself closer and closer to orgasm, his body writhing on the bed and his moans growing louder. Then his body jerked in spasms of ecstasy as he released his pent-up energy. I could see the glistening cum spurting out of his cock, falling on his stomach as he fell back on the bed in utter relaxation.

I tried not to show that I was awake, but saw Gene look over at me. I wondered if he knew that I had been watching. As Gene went into the bathroom to clean up, I turned over to try to go back to sleep, realizing that my cock was hard. For some reason I couldn't even explain to myself, I slipped off my jockey shorts and lay face down on the bed, pulling the covers aside just enough to be sure that Gene would realize I was naked when he walked by my bed.

The next day Gene and I woke up, got dressed, and went down to the cafeteria for our morning cup of coffee and Danish. Neither of us mentioned the previous night's activity until we were sitting at our table near a window in a quiet corner of the dining room.

Gene leaned forward a bit to say in a quiet voice, "I hope I didn't disturb you last night."

"Ahh, no, not at all, why do you say that?"

Gene smiled, "Oh, I just got a little excited last

night, thinking about fucking and sucking."

I grinned at him, trying to act surprised, but still be cool about it. "Hey man, not a problem with me. Hope you enjoyed yourself."

"Oh I did, very much. I was sure you must have heard me when I exploded."

I didn't know what to say, but responded, "Well, maybe I did hear something, but thought I was dreaming."

Gene looked me in eyes, "Funny, I thought I noticed you looking over at me."

I guess I must have looked a little embarrassed, because Gene said, "Hey, it's okay, I don't mind being watched. In fact, as several girlfriends and a few guys will tell you, I love being watched."

"What do you mean, you put on shows for them?" Gene again looked me in the eyes and said "You bet I do, g-string and all. They love it and I get so fucking hot dancing and stripping I get into a sexual frenzy."

I was getting turned on just hearing about this aspect of Gene's love life, but struggled to hide my excitement. "Jeez, that must be one wild scene," I said.

With a look that seemed almost seductive, Gene said "I sure think it is, but you don't have to take my word for it, Lisa recorded my last performance at her house. I'm going to be over at Lisa's tonight, but I'll leave the disc in the DVD player so you can take a look if you want to."

I just shrugged, trying to be nonchalant, and said, "Oh, I guess I'll leave that for you and Lisa to enjoy, but thanks anyway."

"Okay, suit yourself, " Gene said, "I've got to run. Probably won't see you until tomorrow."

When I got back to the room that night, I put some music on and finished up some reading I had to do for a class the next day. Even though I tried to focus on other things, I couldn't get the thought out of my mind that the DVD disc was there waiting for me, and that it was clear that Gene wanted me to watch it. I also realized that I was finding it exciting to think about seeing Gene's performance.

"What the hell," I thought, "why not, why fucking not." I clicked the TV and DVD player on and sat back on my bed to enjoy the show.

The first thing I heard was the soft rhythm of a very sexy Sade song. Then, there was Gene, wearing a t-shirt and levis, moving around, letting his hands roam over his body as he started gyrating his hips to the sound of the music. He was smiling at the camera, licking his lips. He clutched the t-shirt and started ripping it off, tearing it away from his body. He reached for a bottle of oil and began rubbing it over his chest and abdomen, still moving with the music. He unbuttoned the levis, slipped them down his legs and pulled them off.

He was wearing only a very sexy string thong which revealed his bulging cock. He turned away from the camera and rubbed oil over his ass and down his legs. He turned back toward the camera, his body glistening in the glow of a soft spotlight.

His body was so tight, so fucking tight, not an ounce of fat anywhere, every muscle seeming to ripple as he danced. He moved his hands slowly over his body, across his chest, down his abdomen, playing with the string of his thong, his body bumping and grinding with the music.

I could feel my own cock getting hard watching the show, so I decided to do a little stripping of my own, laying there naked as Gene continued his show. I was fucking hot by now and began stroking my cock as I watched. I saw Lisa entering the camera range now, beautiful, naked. She moved toward Gene, lowering herself in front of him, taking his swollen cock into her mouth.

I was stroking like crazy when I heard the door open. Gene walked in, closing the door softly behind him. "Looks like you're enjoying the show, huh, Johnny."

"Christ, Gene, I thought you were going to be out tonight." I grabbed the sheet and pulled it up to my waist.

He walked over toward my bed, laughed and said,

"I just thought I might have a little fun here tonight." He pulled the sheet away and said, "Like I said, you seem to be enjoying watching me put on a show."

His hand reached down and slowly moved up the shaft of my cock. I moved away, but he sat on the edge of the bed, reaching over to touch my cock again.

"Don't resist it, John, I know you lust after my body and I know you'll like having sex with me."

"No, I don't think so, " I said as I pushed his hand away. He stood by the side of the bed and took off his shoes and socks, then his shirt. He slipped his levis off to reveal that he was wearing that same string thong.

"C'mon, Johnny, you know you like my little gstring." He took my hand as he slid onto the bed, moving my hand onto his abdomen. I felt his firm, tight muscles. I felt my hand moving across his abdomen. I felt him guiding my hand lower, lower. I couldn't fight it, I couldn't resist, I was getting turned on by the feel of his body. He moved my hand over his thong. I could feel his rigid cock underneath. He slipped one of my fingers under the string of the thong.

"C'mon, baby, take it off me, get me naked for you," Gene whispered. I was too far gone to resist. My fingers slipped under the thong, pulling it over his cock, then down his legs and off. "Now, I'm going to teach you to please me, Johnny." He reached around the back of my head and pulled me toward him, forcing my head down toward his cock.

"Touch it with your tongue, baby, just touch it." I let my tongue reach out to touch the shaft of his cock. "Yes, Johnny, that's it. Now lick it, lick my fucking cock." My tongue moved slowly down the shaft of his cock. I couldn't stop, I couldn't resist. I licked his cock, up and down the shaft, then touched the head of his cock.

"Yes, yes, yes, take it, fucking take it, suck it, suck it." My tongue moved over the head of his cock, my lips parted. I took his cock in my mouth, licking it, sucking it, licking, sucking, taking it deeper, sucking, sucking. I could feel him thrusting into my mouth. I could taste his cum. Oh god, I could taste him. He was cumming, cumming. I could feel his cum flowing into my mouth. I was licking, sucking, swallowing. My cock was throbbing. I was so hard, so fucking hard.

Gene had fallen back to the bed after he came. His voice was very soft, "Oh god, baby, you are one fucking good cocksucker. You gave me just what I needed."

Then he was alongside me in the bed, his hand on my cock. "But you haven't cum yet, " he said, as he gently stroked my cock. "And, I haven't tasted my cum yet, baby."

He leaned over and put a finger on my lips, feeling the cum that was still there. Then he moved his finger back to his mouth, licking, tasting his own cum. "Mmmm, baby, that makes me so hot," he murmured.

"It's making me hard again." He stroked my cock as he moved his face toward mine. His tongue reached out to touch my lips. I turned away, but he forced my face back toward his. His tongue moved over my lips, licking, then our lips met, he was kissing me, moving his tongue inside my mouth, licking, kissing, stroking my cock. His other hand moved over my ass, caressing, pulling me closer.

I was so close, so fucking hot. I couldn't hold back, I was kissing him, I was wild, I was exploding in the most fantastic orgasm I had ever had. Gene continued stroking my cock as I came, my cum spurting out into his hand, over my cock, over my stomach, onto the bed.

I collapsed in utter exhaustion, laughing, "Jeezus, man, I can't remember ever cuming like that before."

Gene moved his hand over my ass again, "I think we'll do this again, baby, I've got some more things to teach you and I can hardly wait until our next lesson."