 Dear reader,

This is more of a love than a sex story and it's developing over several chapters. I hope you like it!

Thanks to my wonderful editor 76Tromboners for correcting my mistakes!

Love,

YamiAndYugi

P.S. Everyone is over 18!

*****

"Only five more minutes!" the text read. Five more minutes until I would finally see my best friend Matt again after almost a year of being separated! I was waiting at the main station and to be honest, my heart was beating eagerly. The train arrived and dozens of people rushed out. I searched the crowd for him and there he was! Not particularly hard to make out with his long black hair and the typical metal clothes his mother had tried to throw away for the last five years, with amusingly little success. But I noticed something else. He had always been pale and rather skinny but now...

My train of thought was interrupted when he saw me. All of a sudden a bright smile let his face light up and he hurried to me. I hugged him tightly and lifted him up. Again, I noticed how light he had become. "I missed you, Matty!" I exclaimed and refused to let him down until he threatened to bite me. We must have made quite a funny picture, two grown man hugging and acting like five year olds.

You need to understand: Matt and I had grown up together in a small town right in the middle of nowhere. In kindergarten, I once made fun of him because he was so small and I thought he couldn't fight. He punched me in the nose and gave me his dirty tissue when I started crying. This was the beginning of a wonderful friendship. We spent so much time together, people somehow stopped seeing us as separated individuals. At least until last fall, when I had to go to college and he couldn't, because his family insisted, that he stay and work on their farm for one year to "see if he won't change his mind about this university nonsense".

As you might have guessed, he didn't, so they finally agreed to help him pay for college. As soon as I heard he was coming I had kicked out the guy I shared my two room apartment with (a smelly idiot I never liked anyway) and prepared everything for his arrival. And here he was! I gave him another squeeze before I let him go and took his suitcase instead. "Exited to see your new home?" I asked. 

"Exited to see you!" he smiled and punched my shoulder lightly. "I can't believe you made it without me! I bet your kitchen is a total mess," he teased. 

"Of course not!" I stated, keeping quiet about the fact that I had spent a total of 4 hours to make the kitchen look bearable. He didn't have to know everything.

On the way home we didn't stop talking for a minute. Even though we had of course called each other and sent tons of messages, there was so much to catch up on. I didn't get the impression Matt had particularly enjoyed his time on the farm. "It was lonely without you there. Probably the contrary to your life here. I bet you know hundreds of people and didn't think of me quite so often." he chuckled.

"Honestly?" I paused and looked at him. "I didn't really find anyone I would have wanted to do more with, thanthe usual college stuff. And I missed you every fucking day."

He smiled and gave me a short hug. "That's exactly what I wanted to hear."

"Sooo... Here we are! Your new home! It's not what you would call luxury and, between us, the cook..." I pointed at myself, "is said to be horrible. But it's all yours and mine." Matt stared at his new room. I had spent the last two weeks checking garage sales and asking around to collect some furniture for him and make the room as comfortable as possible. A large bed, a rather old-school desk, a small couch and a shelf I built out of wooden boxes were the result. Additionally, I hung some posters of his favourite musicians. On his bed I had placed a Lord of the Rings DVD collectors box. Matt still hadn't said anything. "Hey, if you don't like it, we can..."

I was interrupted by Matt hugging me very, very tight. "It's perfect!" he said. I must admit I was quite proud. "But.. why the DVDs?" he asked.

"Because you never saw them and promised me to watch them as soon as we moved in together." I stated with a strict voice. "So you will."

Matt held up his hands in a forfeiting manner. "Okay okay. But not today, please, I really need some rest." Being the solicitous, compassionate guy I was, I nodded mercifully, and after having a short meal I left Matt alone to get used to his new home.

Life with Matt was even better than I would have imagined. We got along perfectly and most of the time it felt like we had never been separated at all. We decided we would do the housework together, to make it less annoying and I must admit, my motivation increased, when I could talk to him, listen to him singing along to the chorus of his beloved German rap songs - nope, I don't understand that either - or watch his great body, while... Wait, what? Okay, reset. Forget about that great-body thing. Right now. You can't think things like that about your best friend. Still... I could not stop these kind of thoughts from popping up in my head. Having them about a man in general was not the problem; even though I was not out yet, I had accepted myself as gay a long time ago. But Matt had been my best friend since diapers and if you ask me, he would be still when we both were old enough to not even remember each other's names. I did not want to see him with these eyes. I did not want to fall in love.