 .....after a few minutes of just laying there, Luke suggested we go take a shower together and get cleaned up. That sounded good to me. We got up and went into the bathroom. It was a little weird because my legs were wobbly and my ass felt well fucked as the cum continued to leak out. I still couldn't believe what just happened and that I was actually ok with it. 

I had fun.

We turned on the water and stepped in together. It wasn't a big shower so we were pretty close to each other. We faced each other and let the water wash over us. Luke leaned forward and put his lips to mine. Whoa! He wanted to kiss me. After all we just did I actually hesitated. I know it sounds weird because I had just had his cock in my mouth AND in my ass, but now he wanted to kiss too? This was the final move to actually admit I liked men. 

I gave him a slow sensual peck on his lips and he returned it by slowly licking the outside of my lips. I opened my mouth and our tongues touched for the first time. It wasn't so bad. He grabbed me from behind and slowly pulled me into him. He opened his mouth again and stuck his tongue deep into my mouth. We kissed like that for a while. With my eyes closed, it felt the same as kissing a girl. The only HUGE difference was that our cocks were both hard again and they were pressed up against each other between our bodies. 

Again, I didn't mind. It was fun.

He reached over, grabbed the bar of soap and started rubbing it into my back as we still kissed. Eventually, we stopped kissing and he turned the water off. He continued to soap me up and soon he had my whole body covered in suds. He was stroking my hard cock and caressing my ass. We pressed up against each other and soon we were both covered in soap while stroking each other's cocks. There wasn't a place on each other we didn't caress with our soapy hands.

We soon decided to rinse off the soap and get out of the shower where there was more room to play. We quickly rinsed and got out. We attempted to dry each other off but ended up kissing and rubbing up against each other again. Half wet and half dry we stumbled into his bedroom. We fell on the bed and I immediately moved down between his legs and started licking his rock hard cock. I licked the big beautiful mushroom head around the bottom edge and came up the front toward the tip. It made him gasp. I licked my lips and slowly slipped them down around the entire head and used my tongue to circle around it. As I did this, I started to suck hard on the tip of his cock and moved my tongue around it at the same time. He groaned as I did this. I was beginning to feel like a natural cocksucker. I enjoyed making him feel good. 

I took more and more of his cock in my mouth. It touched the roof of my mouth and then I felt the tip of it at my throat. I caught myself before I gagged. I slowly sucked my way back up to the tip. I wanted to have his entire cock in my mouth but it would have to go down my throat to do this. I slowly went back down his cock and this time I was ready for it at my throat. I thought about how I really wanted to please him and held my breath. The head of his cock slipped into my throat and I fought the gag. He groaned again when it went in. Once it was in, I went a little further down and I started to gag. I quickly pulled back to fight the gag reflex.

I heard him chuckle a little at this. I went back to the tip and sucked and tongued it and stroked his cock up and down with my hand. He wasn't laughing anymore, he was back to groaning. Now that I was back in control of his cock, I went back down to try and deep throat it again. My goal was to touch his pubs to my lips and have his cock all the way in my mouth. I took a deep breath and slid my lips back down his hard cock and let the tip enter my throat again. It was easier this time. I slowly went down on it and didn't stop until his pubs were at my lips. 

I did it!

With his cock in my throat I quickly moved up and down, up and down on it. I would stop when the mushroom head of his cock was about to come out of my throat and then I would plunge back down on it. I loved it when my ex-girlfriend deep throated me (only if she could see me now). I knew the tight feeling around my cock when she did it was exactly what he was feeling right now. I only had to do this up and down motion a few times before he told me he was going to cum. I slid his cock out of my throat and moved my mouth back up to the head. I proceeded to suck and tongue the head and quickly stroke his cock when all of a sudden he arched his back and shot a load of cum into my mouth. It came fast and I felt it hit the roof of my mouth before I tasted it. I didn't miss a stroke but kept on sucking and pumping my hand up and down on the shaft. I swallowed after the second load only because my mouth was getting full. I kept on sucking and stroking as I swallowed. I couldn't believe how much I liked the taste. It convulsed a third and fourth time but the loads were not nearly as big as the first two. A fifth spasm produced only a dribble more of cum. I didn't want to waste any of it. I didn't swallow right away, I wanted to savor it. I kept my lips tightly wrapped around the shaft of his cock until I was sure there was no more. Only then did I stop sucking on it and swallow my prize. I leaned down and took his softening cock in my mouth again. He shuddered a little when I did this. It was sensitive but I knew it would be and that's why I did it. I liked feeling it go soft in my mouth after I had given it such a good workout. 

Now it was my turn.

I licked my way up his stomach and chest to his mouth. I wasn't sure what my pleasure was going to be so I lay down on top of him and we kissed deeply. His tongue explored the inside of my mouth while we kissed, tasting his own cum. I was rock hard. Luke told me he had an idea and asked me to move forward, place my knees in his armpits and grab the headboard. I moved forward and did as I was asked. This position put my hard cock right at his lips while he lay on his back. Then he opened his mouth and sucked my cock in his warm mouth. He was good at sucking cock. Somewhere in my head I knew I wasn't his first, but I didn't care. He worked the head of my cock while at the same time had both his hands wrapped around it stroking it up and down. His tongue moved around and up and down and every which way. He was sucking and making slurping noises at the same time. He was really working it good. The suction on my cock felt so good it sent a shudder through my body and made my arms weak. I never knew a blow job could be so intense. My ex-girlfriend would have never suggested this position, let alone allow me to suggest it. Guys just knew what guys wanted. After a few minutes he stopped and told me he wanted ME to fuck him.

He reached over into his nightstand and came out with some cherry flavored edible lubricant (the flavor part is for another story). He squirted some on my fingers and asked me to lube up his ass. He got up on the bed in the doggy position and looked back at me pointing to his ass with his eyes. I smiled and without hesitation, I proceeded to put my fingers in his ass and get it all lubed up. After his ass was nice and wet, I climbed up behind him and aimed the head of my cock at his asshole. He rocked back slowly onto my cock and placed the head of my cock at the entrance to his ass. I slowly pushed forward and watched the head of my cock slowly spread apart his ass lips. I pulled back and pushed forward again slowly. Again, I watched as the head of my cock easily spread his lips apart and went inside his ass with a small plop. I couldn't believe how warm, wet and tight it was inside. The engulfed tip of my cock wanted more of this and so did I! I slowly leaned forward. Without any resistance my cock easily went completely inside - ALL the way to the hilt. He moaned in pleasure as I did this. I slowly slid my cock back out and watched as it pulled his ass lips down the length of my cock. It was so tight! I pushed back in. As I pulled it back out, I watched his ass lips slide down my cock again. This was hot. I couldn't believe I was fucking another guy in the ass. 

Every time I would thrust forward, he would push back and I would bottom out in his ass. I could feel my balls touch his balls on my forward thrusts. We got into a good rhythm and now we were both moaning in pleasure. He loved it and I loved it. I was in heaven, his ass was tighter than any pussy I had ever had. Needless to say, I didn't last very long. Within minutes I was pumping my cum deep inside his tight ass. As I was coming, he tightened his ass on my cock which really heightened my sense of pleasure (I would have to remember to return the favor). I shot load after load deep inside his ass while continuing to slowly move in and out. I came harder than I have ever come in my life - up to this point anyway. I watched as the last few strokes of the in and out motion of my cock brought cum out of his ass and dripped down his inner thighs. I had filled him up good. I smiled at the thought of everything that had just happened. Spent, my cock still in his ass, I leaned forward and collapsed on top of him.

As I lay there, I was still completely amazed at what had gone on in the last few hours of my life. I knew I still liked women but here I was, 21 years old, very sexually satisfied and my slowly softening cock was buried deep inside another guy's ass. I was wondering where I was going to take this from here. Only time will tell.

To be continued.....