 It was Friday night and Luke and I were both home due to the fact that both broke up with our girlfriends in the last 2 weeks. Neither one of us had a date so we decided to hang out, drink beers and watch movies. Before we started a movie, we started bitching about our girlfriends. We got to talking for a couple of hours and drank a lot of beer. The conversation soon turned to sex and what our girlfriends would and wouldn't do. It had been a good 2 weeks for both of us since we got laid.

Then we decided we should watch porn to see how a real girlfriend should act. We popped in a movie and sat back to watch. I was hard instantly, especially after all that sex talk.

I looked over at Luke and noticed he had a hard on as well. He had his hand on it and was moving it back and forth though his shorts. I don't know why, but it made me wonder what his dick looked like. I have never wondered what another guys dick looked like, let alone had a gay thought. I wasn't sure but I think he caught me looking before I looked away.

I liked to be comfortable around the apartment and would usually wear just my boxers and a t-shirt around the house in the evening, which is exactly what I was wearing now. I had so much to drink tonight, I didn't even think about this when I went to stand up and get more beers. As I stood up, my cock came straight out of the pee hole in my boxers. All 8 inches of it. I looked over to ask Luke if he wanted another beer from the fridge before I even realized what happened. He looked over and laughed, and said hell yeah he'd have another beer.

I laughed too, as I stuffed my cock back into the waistband of my boxers. I appologized and went off into the kitchen red faced.

I didn't know but he followed me in. 

I opened the fridge, thinking what a moron I was for letting my cock slip out. I grabbed to beers, shut the fridge, turned around and there was Luke standing right behind me.

He stepped forward before I even knew what was going on, hooked his thumbs in my boxers at my waist and pulled them off. In same motion he took my cock into his mouth and started sucking on it. I just stood there frozen with a beer in each hand not knowing what to do. I knew one thing, it felt good. It had been awhile. I stepped back against the counter and set the beers down and I just held onto the edge.

He had my cock in his mouth, sucking on it. He was deep throating it to the base and burying his nose in my pubs. Then he pulled back and put just the head in his mouth, swirled his tongue around the head while he pumped his hand back and forth on the shaft. It was the best blow job I think I had ever had. 

It didn't take long before I realized I was about to cum. I tensed up and let him know I was about to blow, but he didn't miss a beat or slow down. He just kept swirling his tongue on the head and pumping the shaft. That was it, I exploded in his mouth. I probably shot 3 streams of come into his mouth before he deep throated my cock again and I shot 2 or 3 more loads into his throat. Then he started sucking on the tip again. I couldn't handle it any more, it was just to sensitive. I tried to pull away but there was nowhere for me to go since I was pushed up against the counter. And he just kept sucking and sucking. Finally, I grabbed his head and pulled him off before I passed out from the sensations. 

No woman had ever made me come or fell like that before. I was mesmermized by what had just happened. I looked him in the eyes, smiled and said now its your turn.

He stood up and I took off his shirt and then my shirt (now I was completely naked) I grabbed the button of his shorts and undid the zipper and pulled down his shorts and boxers at the same time. I knelt down in front of him and just looked at his 7.5 inch cock. It was almost exactly the same size as my cock but it had a big purplish mushroom head. It was the first time I had seen another cock. Now here I was, a cock only 3 inches from my face. I couldn't believe what I was about to do. I never thought I was gay, but I couldn't stop myself. 

I leaned forward and licked the precum off the tip. It was salty but not bad. I was pretty sure I wanted to taste more. I looked up and suggested that we go and sit on the couch. He agreed and we walked back into the other room. For the first time, I checked out his ass. It looked tight and muscular. I reached out and pinced it, he looked back and smiled.

He sat down on the couch and leaned back. As if we had done this before, I knelt between his legs and grabbed onto his cock with my hands. It was so warm and smooth. I leaned forward and licked the new precum off the tip. I circled the mushroom head tip with my tongue and for the first time let the head of a cock into my mouth. It was silky and smooth and warm. I licked it up and down and got it nice and wet. Then I sucked on it some more, up and down, up and down, I used my hand on the shaft and sucked on the head. All the things I liked done to me. It was actually pretty easy, and I liked doing it. It fit nicely in my mouth. He was groaning louder and louder. Then he stopped me and said he didn't want to cum just yet. He said my asshole was on his mind, and he wait any longer to lick it.

He stood up and told me to lean over the cushions on the couch. He came from behind me and stuck his tongue deep into my ass. It was a great sensation. He licked my ass for a while and then he worked his finger in. When he stuck his finger in my ass he grabbed my now hard again cock and he almost made me cum. He worked on me for a good 15 minutes. Then he started kissing my back all the way up to my neck. And call me stupid but that is when I realized what he was doing and what was about to happen. I felt his cock at my ass lips and he wispered get ready. I tensed up for a second not sure if this is what I wanted or not. 

It was to late, his huge mushroom head plopped into my ass. He just left it there so I could adjust. It was painful at first but within a minute the pain started to subside. I pushed back a little when I was ready. He took the signal and slowly pushed forward. He inched in and out a little at a time. I kept feeling fuller and fuller with each push. Finally, I felt his pubs on my ass cheeks. I couldn't believe I had a 7.5 inch cock in my ass. I would have laughed or hit you yesterday if you would have told me this was going to happen today. Especially if you said I was going to like it.

Because I did. I did like it. It actually felt good. I leaned forward and pushed back. He met my push and we got into a good rhythm. A fast good rhythm. He was holding onto my hips pumping and pumping my ass. All the pain was gone and there was just a full feeling in my whole body.

And I liked it.

He was holding my hips, pumping away when he pushed in father than anytime before. He screamed in ecstacy and yelled that he was cuming. I felt my ass get very warm as his cum spurted deep inside of me. He stopped moving but I didn't, I kept pumping his cock to get as much cum out of it as I could. He finally grabbed onto me tight and made me stop because it was more than he could handle. He just fell on top of me and we laid there together until his cock went soft and slipped out of my well fucked ass.

As it slipped out, so did his cum. I felt it dripping down my ass. I had to taste it. I reached back and wiped up some of it with my hand. I licked my fingers clean. It tasted good. I think I was going to become addicted to it. I couln't wait until I got it straight from his cock. I knew that would be soon enough.

To be continued...