 Eric woke before dawn the next day with a raging hard-on. He smiled to himself as he remembered the events of the night before when his roommate, Stephen, had cuffed and gagged him and then stimulated him to the point where he quite willingly had performed his first blow job.

He got out of bed and walked into their small kitchen and started the coffeemaker. On his way back to his room, he saw Stephen's handcuffs, the long bandanna, knotted in the middle, and Stephen's lovely white woolen turtleneck sweater. His erection, which had subsided some, quickly resumed its full power.

Eric slipped out of his T-shirt and boxers and put on his friend's sweater. It felt so comfortable to be wearing it but he wondered what should be done with the pole sticking out from underneath the over-sized garment. A smile lit up his face as realized just what needed to be done.

First, he gagged himself with the bandanna, not too tightly since he was hoping it would soon be removed and replaced with a real-life penis gag. Then he cuffed one of his wrists and, making sure he saw the keys on the coffee table, completed his self-bondage by clicking the cuffs shut with his arms behind him.

He then walked softly over to Stephen's closed bedroom door and carefully, as quietly as possible, and with a little more difficulty than he thought since he had to open it with his arms cuffed behind him, let himself into his sleeping roommate's bedroom. 

He gently lowered himself into a kneeling position beside the bed and tried out a soft "mmmpphh?"

Nothing happened so he tried out another, louder "mmmppphh!" and then one more.

That did the trick and Stephen's eyes opened and a smile grew on his face.

"Well, well," he said, "I bet someone is ready for another round of cocksucking."

Eric nodded and moaned into his gag.

Stephen got out of bed and seeing his naked roommate's hard-on, knew that Eric's seduction last night was not going to be just a one-night stand.

"Nice sweater," Stephen said, standing behind Eric and caressing his wool-covered shoulders. "Don't go anywhere my friend. I'll be right back after I take a piss."

When Stephen returned, he helped Eric up and then onto his bed. "It seems to me that now is a good time for your first sixty-nine with a man."

Stephen took off his friend's gag and then positioned himself so that his cock was at Eric's lips. Eric immediately began kissing the erect cock, first on the tip and then up and down the entire shaft. Stephen quickly returned the favor and then told his friend, "not too fast. I know you are ready to go but let's enjoy each other, OK? Start by taking me in and gently holding me."

Eric complied, as did Stephen, and the two friends felt the intimacy of their connection much more than they had felt the night before. When Stephen began very slowly moving his lips up and down Eric's cock, Eric did the same to Stephen. Their dance with their lips continued for a minute or two, first one then the other as they slowly, gently, tenderly worked on each other.

When Eric moaned in delight, Stephen giggled and, pulling his mouth away for a second, said, "OK my dear, I am ready as well."

They both moved their lips much faster now and each knew it would not take long. Stephen, being the experienced one in this duo, was able to work it so they both exploded into each other's mouths at close to the same second. Each man pumped and pumped and pumped their loads out of their cocks and into their friend's waiting mouth. Eric couldn't believe how wonderful a sensation it was to erupt himself while simultaneously experiencing Stephen's eruption.

They lay together for a while as their cocks softened and their breathing slowly returned to normal. Then Stephen disengaged and said, "I think it's time for me to get us some coffee and to find those handcuff keys, don't you?"

"Yes," Eric said, his voice soft. "That would be wonderful."

After coffee and breakfast, Stephen left for the library, saying he would be home sometime in the late afternoon. Eric spent the morning and the first few hours of the afternoon working reading and working on his thesis. 

Every now and then he would wander around the place and look outside at the chilly, rainy day that was unfolding. Once, he picked up Shellie's scarf that his roommate had used as a blindfold the night before and held it up to his nose. His cock stiffened and he was, he had to admit, unsure whether it was because it was Shellie's scarf or because of Stephen's ridiculously easy seduction of him last night and the role the scarf had played in it.

Well, no matter, he thought, Shellie won't be home tonight and Stephen will and I am sure I will spend at least some of the evening as his bound, cock-sucking playmate.

Eric was just considering closing his book and opening his first beer of the weekend afternoon when the doorbell rang.

He opened to find a distinguished looking older man, in his early sixties, Eric guessed. The man was a few inches shorter than Eric's even six feet, had intense blue eyes and short white hair. He was wearing an expensive looking black woolen knee-length coat, black leather gloves along with a black cashmere turtleneck sweater and gray pants. He looked like a guy who should be in the member's room at a private country club rather than knocking on the door of a rented house occupied by three graduate students.

He had a six pack of beer in his hands, a European brand that Eric knew was well out of a graduate student's price range.

"Hi," the man said. "Is Stephen home?"

"No, but he should be soon," Eric replied. He held out his hand. "Eric's my name. Would you care to come in and wait for him?"

"James," the man said, taking Eric's hand in a firm grip. "I'll take you up on your offer but only if you'll have a beer with me while we wait."

Eric smiled and said, "I thought you'd never ask."

Once they were seated in the living room, Eric on the couch and James on a wing chair, and two beers had been opened and first sips taken, Eric said, "How do you know Stephen?"

"We met in a rather unusual way a few weeks ago. I was in town on business and Stephen was, well, out for a night on the town.

"He was all dressed up for the occasion, if you know what I mean."

Eric smile grew even wider. "Yes, I do know what you mean. He can look quite fantastic, can't he?"

James took another sip of his beer and gazed at Eric intently, causing the younger man to shift a little on the couch and to avert his eyes.

The older man stood up and came over to the couch and sat down by Eric.

"I have two questions for you," he said, his voice sounding amused. "The first is, why are you wearing the sweater I bought for Stephen? The second is how many times have you been cuffed, gagged and at the tender mercies of our lovely mutual friend?"

Eric wasn't sure just how far his mouth was open, but he knew it was. As he tried, desperately, to figure out what to say, he noticed that James was sporting a mischievous grin which showed some perfectly, arranged and quite white teeth and he was holding Stephen's handcuffs in his hands.

James scooted next to Eric and whispered into his ear, "Scoot forward on the couch my dear young man and put your arms behind your back."

Eric closed his eyes and complied and, quite quickly, felt the cuffs go around his wrists and the click-click of them being snapped into place.

"That's better," James said, as he idly ran his hand along one of Eric's sweater-covered arms. "I do like this sweater. To tell you the truth, dear boy, I am somewhat of a wool fetishist. I give all my playmates a nice sweater in gratitude for their efforts.

"But, before we talk some more, let's get you properly situated, shall we?"

He spotted Shellie's scarf, hanging on the doorknob to the closet where the roommates kept their coats and went over and grabbed it. He tied over Eric's eyes and softly said, "Excellent. Now, stay put. I have just the thing for you."

Of course, Eric was well aware, that, with his hands cuffed behind him and the scarf covering his eyes, there was little else he could do. He heard James wander around the place a little and then heard his steps come towards him and felt the older man sit down besides him.

"Open up Eric," James commanded.

Eric obeyed and felt a ball go into his mouth. When a strap was buckled behind his head, he knew it was some kind of ball gag.

"MMPPPHHHH?"

"Don't worry, my new friend. I am very very nice to those I have in bondage. You will love it. If fact, if that bulge under your sweatpants is any indication, you already are enjoying yourself quite nicely."

James had also brought some rope over to the couch and Eric felt it encircle his ankles and be knotted into place. Then his sweatpants and boxers were pulled down and he was fully exposed to this rather assertive older man.

"Ah," James said, "there it is—a nice big, rock hard cock, perhaps my favorite thing on this earth."

His fingers gently played with the helpless man's cock until he had Eric moaning into the gag.

It was at this moment that the front door opened and Stephen walked into the room.

              (to be continued)