 -- This is a short, sex-based installment in the 'Rory and Sebastian' series, as chapter 12 is much longer. Both characters are above the age of 18 when this story takes place --

A few days after school started back after the Christmas vacation, I found Rory at his locker just after lunch. His back was turned as he leafed idly through his books. Nothing he did, in public, ever seemed to be too rushed or too forced. It was part of his inimitable, unconscious grace. The corridor was practically empty and I walked quietly up behind him, snaking my arms around his waist and pressing my package into his ass.

'My father's in the States until next Tuesday and my mom is having dinner with two of her friends tonight. Do with that information what you will.'

He sighed disinterestedly, but he pressed his ass back into my crotch and by that I knew I was getting lucky that afternoon. He asked, 'What about your sister?' 

'Jenny's going to Gillian's after school. So, apparently, my house is going to be completely free between the hours of four and seven. Any idea what we could do with that?'

'Do you have rugby practise after school?' Rory asked, as he found the textbook he'd been looking for.

'Yeah. Meet you at my house at 4.15?'

'Perfect,' he smiled, as he stepped away from me and closed the locker door. 'And baby? Don't shower after rugby.'

*

Rory and I were on each other within seconds of making it into my bedroom. As requested, I'd left rugby right after practice by making up some bullshit excuse to my team-mates about having to pick-up my sister to explain why I wasn't showering. I arrived at my house in my school rugby training pants and a t-shirt, with a zip-up school hoodie. I stank of sweat and there were a few minor cuts and a couple of mud stains on my lower leg. I tore open Rory's school shirt and stuck my tongue deep into his mouth, as we stumbled towards my bed. He was pulling my t-shirt off over my head, right before I threw him on my bed properly.

I left him there as I removed the rest of my clothes myself and ambled over to my bedside cabinet to get out the new tube of lube I'd bought the week before. Rory removed the rest of his own clothes, tossed them on the floor and opened his arms and legs to welcome me as I dove back in on top of him. 

We grinded against each other for a few minutes, making out and enjoying the feeling of our dicks sliding against each other. Rory was running his hands aggressively through my hair.

'You smell incredible,' he gasped, between kisses.

'You like it? You like me all sweaty?'

'You have no idea. Fuck me,' he begged. 

As soon as I was in him, I went at it hard and fast. His legs were flung up in the arm and he was screaming with wild abandon. When his legs trailed down, so his ankles began resting on my ass, I slammed into him, ground against him and then pulled out slightly, so that I could slam back in again. He was leaving scratch marks down my back and bite marks on my shoulder. This was fucking unreal.

He started tugging at his own dick and shot his load in a matter of minutes. I kept going for another five or so, as he lay beneath me, limp and happy-looking, impaled upon my cock. I slammed him down hard on my cock, holding him against the bed and against me, with my hands upon his waist, as I shot an enormous load into his asshole. I roared and threw my head up as I came. When I'd finished, I leant down and kissed him deeply on the mouth. Then I pulled out of him, broke off the kiss and rolled over onto my back. I rubbed my hand over my forehead and tried to get my breath back.

Rory, however, didn't seem to have flagged. He nuzzled himself against me and began kissing my neck. 'That was incredible,' he purred. 'So, so hot.'

'I'm glad you liked it,' I grinned. I hadn't shaved in a couple of days. Nothing noticeable, but up close you could feel a slight stubble. Rory was kissing it and slowly trailed down to my chest and then my nipples; taking each one in his mouth by turn and working it over. He licked down to my abdomen, but skipped over my still-wet dick. Instead, he kissed slowly down my leg, paying special attention to the cuts I'd received during practice. I must have stank of sweat from rugby, and then from the sex, but Rory was making me feel like a million dollars. Finally, he reached my feet and slowly kissed and licked each of my toes, one by one. I groaned; looking down at him there, debasing himself, lavishing such tender, seductive attention on my feet -- it was mesmerizing. Just like he was.

'You're incredible,' I complimented. 'You're so fucking hot.'

He smiled and began working his way up my other leg. When he reached my balls this time, he took them slowly in his mouth, before I spread my legs and he grazed his tongue across my asshole. Slowly but methodically, he kept rimming me and I could feel my dick getting hard again. For someone who had technically been a virgin until only a month ago, Rory hadn't taken much time in learning the ropes. He was sensational. The best I'd ever, or would ever, have.

His head came up and began bobbing up and down on my cock. Then he straddled me and lowered himself onto it. With his spit and the cum I'd left in his ass from last time, I slowly slid in. 

'Are you sure this won't hurt?' I asked; worried about him, even as I enjoyed every bit of the sensation of re-entering him. He smiled wantonly as his answer and kept going. Then he began rocking, back and forth, up and down, riding my boner like a pro. I placed my hands on his hips and began meeting up, thrust for thrust. The entire room stank of sweat, spunk and fucking.

I loved it. And I loved him. 

When we finished again, he lay down next to me; happily exhausted. Some of his cum was still on my chin, from where it shot as he came. The thought occurred to me that I'd need to air out my room, get washed and get dressed before my mom came home. All I wanted to do was lie here, for a while; with Rory.

'We should go away,' I said, still looking at the ceiling. 'For the weekend, or something.'

'That'd be nice,' Rory said, neutrally. He never let himself get more excited than I did about anything, until it was a certainty. 'Any ideas where?'

'Well. You're the one with the weekend place.'

'In Ireland,' he pointed out. 'Plus, Dad might just about be persuaded to let me go away for the weekend with you, but it might be pushing him to ask that we get to do it in his house.'

'But you'd like to go away with me?' I pressed.

'Of course,' he smiled. He reached his hand up above his head, to where mine were, and interlocked his fingers through mine. 

'My uncle has a place in Surrey,' I suggested. 'I could ask him? I think he'd be cool with it. It's nothing special, but it means we could just do this all weekend, right?'

'That'd be nice. I love you.'

I propped myself up on my elbow and kissed him. 'I'll call him tonight.'