 I had to be at work at 6am one Weds morning. I couldn't sleep the night before. I finally got to bed around 2am and then I got up at 4:15 am to get ready and then drive in to work. Talk about brutal.

It was the usual talking head type of AV. We made sure their graphics or the video or the IMAG (image magnification) were up on the screen when it was supposed to be. The one thing that was different is that the group had a western theme to it.

Every one of the staff and presenters had on dark western shirts, wrangler's blue jeans, black boots and black Stetsons. It took awhile, but it finally dawned on me how good they looked. Now keep in mind, I am just now figuring out my own bi-sexuality. So, I haven't really gotten into noticing or looking for good-looking guys. I just fantasize about a nice stiff cock and what it would be like to suck on one until it spurts its thick load onto my tongue. So, for me to start checking these guys out is yet another milestone in my bi-sexuality. 

Now, they all looked pretty good. I noticed that the jeans really made them appear to have a nice bulge and that the cut of the shirts made them seem, I don't know, to have some decent muscles. I almost laughed at myself at one point. I felt like I was having a "Brokeback Mountain" moment. 

There was one guy in particular. For some reason he appealed to me the most. He wasn't the one with the best body. He had kind of like a barrel chest and so he seemed as though he might be a little overweight. So am I so that part didn't bug me like it would some. He had a dark mustache on his face, but I couldn't see the rest of his head as he had one the aforementioned Stetson. For some reason I pictured him as balding. But his voice, dang, for a guy he sure had a sexy voice. He knew how to publicly speak. He enunciated clearly and legibly and he knew how to throw his voice. Not everyone can or knows how. Imagine going to the theater. Those actors don't have microphones. So, even though the theater is designed for their voices to be able to reach the back of the auditorium, the actors still need to project it that far. Especially since when the theater has an audience, their bodies absorb sound waves. So the actor has to be able to project or throw his or her voice to the back wall. This guy's voice was perfect.

And that affected me strongly. After the meeting was over we began striking the equipment. At one point he came in and walked straight up to me.

"Excuse me," he said. "I left the AC power adapter to my laptop in here, have one of yall seen it?"

I just kind of looked at him as I replied, "I haven't seen it, but I'll ask around. Where can I find you if we come up with it?"

"My room number is 2458. Just bring it up there," he said. He began to turn and walk away. 

My eyes went down to his ass. He turned slightly back to tell me his name was Michael. I didn't know if the slight smile I saw meant that he saw me checking his ass out or not. I decided not to push it.

About an hour or so later I found the power adapter he had asked about. I took it up to the Account Exec on the show and told him about it and the conversation I had with Michael concerning it.

He looked at it, then his watch, and then back at me. He said, "Tell you what, its 4pm now. That makes a full day rate for you. Why don't you go ahead and take it up to him and then go ahead and split for home? You can even bill me for an additional half day."

I replied sure thing and thanks. I gathered up my stuff and his adapter and headed up to room 2458. I was kind of nervous. After all, he may have seen me checking him out. Who knows how that made him feel? I even took a breath mint on the way up.

After getting up to his room, I knocked on the door. He answered it in a towel. He had just gotten out of the shower evidently. He wasn't in bad shape. He did have some chest hair. I remembered reading about stuff like this. He would be considered a bear kind of guy I guess. I found that it turned me on tremendously. He was balding, but he had hair on the sides of head. It looked good on him. 

He looked me up and down and then his eyes settled on the power adapter. His lit up. "You found it. That's great. Come on in please. Let me get you something," he said.

I came in and he went over to his pants. He said, "For some reason I thought it was lost forever and that I would have to go to all the hassle of purchasing a new one."

He bent over and began digging out his wallet. The towel slipped down and I saw the crack of his ass. Plumbers crack we always called it. That phrase went through my head and I got a big smile on my face. He stood up and saw my smile. He kind of smiled too and came over. He grabbed my hand and put money in it. I looked down and put it back and asked, "What's that for?"

He replied, "For bringing back my power supply".

I said, "I didn't bring it back for the money. I brought it back for you."

He said, "Is there anything I can do to repay you then?"

About that time, his towel gave up to gravity and fell to the floor. Both of our eyes went down simultaneously. My eyes caught sight of his dangling cock. It looked to be about 5 inches or so and it wasn't even hard. He was uncircumcised as well. My eyes were behind his in the race to get back up to face level so he knew I had looked at his cock. 

He had a different look on his face. "Hmmm, he said, I think I know what you want."

With that he lifted up his cock and kind of stroked it a bit. "I was hoping that I would get a chance to explore with another man this trip," he said.

He grabbed the back of my head and pulled me down into a deep kiss with him. Our tongues meshed together and we both began moaning with passion and lust. I broke off the kiss and said, "I need a shower first."

He looked me in the eye and said, "No, first you need to get on your knees and suck my cock."

"What, huh?"

About that time, his hand which had been on my neck began to apply pressure on me to go down. So, I went. What can I say? It was a powerful moment.

I got down and his cock was already beginning to harden into a very nice cock. He slapped my face with it a couple of times and then put it at my lips and began to slowly push it into my mouth. Since it wasn't hard yet I was able to get it all the way in and get it all wet.

It didn't take long before he was as hard as a rock though. It quickly filled my mouth. I couldn't seem to take it all in, but I tried. Then he grabbed my head and began to fuck in and out very quickly. He was moaning and groaning with pleasure. 

Then he began to get rougher and rougher. I was just having a hard time trying to figure out how to breathe. He had me back on my heels against the bed. I couldn't seem to get any leverage as he began to taunt me. 

"I'm gonna fuck your mouth and then you can leave. If you say anything to anyone I will tell them that you came onto me and then you will get a reputation as a faggot," he said.

"I could tell you wanted me earlier today. I could tell you were a slut for cock and I could do anything I wanted to with you and you would take it. Damn, you sure got a hot wet mouth," he said. I just bided my time.

His cock got even harder and swelled up in my mouth and he got even more frantic. I could tell he was about to cum. His body froze and as I looked up his eyeballs kinda rolled back and then his eyelids clamped down tight. His mouth dropped open and even his chest stopped moving. Then he exploded into my mouth. It was no smooth slow flow of cum. It was like a rapid fire hose almost. And there was allot of it. It leaked all down my face and all over my shirt. I will say that it tasted pretty damn good too. It wasn't too tangy and it wasn't too salty. His body began to vibrate a little bit and his belly started shaking a bit and finally he relaxed and his body just kind of went limp. 

I swear the way he went down it looked like he died. I even went so far as to check his pulse. It was beating strong and fast. Seeing that his breathing was steady as well, I stood up and wondered what I should do.

After thinking it over carefully and making my plan up, I got moving. First, I got him up on the bed. No small feat let me tell you. I was looking for anything with which to tie him up with. Imagine my surprise when I found some actual restraints in his luggage and wondered just what in the world he had planned. He had some other toys in that luggage as well that I decided to use later. I secured him to the bed and stuck his underwear in his mouth. 

I then took my clothes off and went and washed my cum covered shirt in the sink. Then I used me finger to brush my teeth. I got in the shower and took a very, very quick one. I got out and dried off.

I went back into the bedroom to find that he had come out of it. He was struggling to get loose but since he had on real restraints he wasn't having any luck. He stopped when I came out.

I made a point to go over and get his wallet out. His eyes kind of bugged out. I knew what he was thinking. He was thinking he was about to be robbed. I pulled out his driver license and looked at his name.

"Well, well Michael C. Roberts of Ft. Worth, TX. You sure do have yourself in a little bit of a bind here huh. You didn't think I was going to just let you rape my mouth and get away with it did you?" I asked.

I went over to my bag and got out my digital camera and began taking pictures. Pictures of the dildos and vibrators and butt plugs he had in his luggage. Pictures of him naked on the bed all trussed up with his underwear in his mouth and his cock rock hard. Oh yeah, he was enjoying having the tables turned on him. He wanted it badly.

I put the camera down and went over to his cock and looked at it. It looked pretty raw. He had really fucked my mouth hard and a few times my teeth got in the way. I always say, if you want a good and proper blow job, you have to take your time and do it right.

I got some lube out of his bag and one of the dildos. I lubed him up as well as the dildo and then without any hesitation I rammed it up his ass. His cheeks sucked in as he took a deep breath. Tears began to come out his eyes as I assaulted his asshole. His cock started to wilt down slowly and then faster and faster. I started to fuck him deep in his ass faster and faster. Then he shifted his body and he moaned. It wasn't some little moan either. This one was similar to earlier when he got excited. His whole body kinda vibrated with the power of that moan. His cock got even harder than it did before. His eyes closed and he began to buck up and down in rhythm to my hand pushing and pulling the dildo in and out.

With my other hand I put some lube on my cock. I pulled the dildo out and quickly shoved my larger cock deep into his ass. His eyes went wide and his body froze again. I looked down into his eyes and said, "Damn, you sure do have a hot tight ass." Then I began ramming my cock in and out of his ass.

I was fucking him harder than I had ever fucked anyone before. I wanted him to know for a fact and for awhile that he had been slammed. It didn't take long before we both were moaning and groaning from deep in our chests. I took his gag out and began a running litany about fucking him. I stopped and reached down and undid his ankle restraints. His legs went around me and he began pulling me trying to encourage me to resume fucking him.

That was all we needed. I began to erupt into his asshole and he began to erupt all over both of our chests. I just kept pumping until it was over. Then I let my body down on top of his and, as our cum blended together, we kissed. Feverishly and then gently.

I got up and saw a few drops of cum on his chest and I licked it off. I left the main mass of it though. I released his arm restraints and we both just kind of relaxed for a few moments. 

Then he said, "Ya know, I come back here about once a month or so, I sure would like to see you again."

I replied, "I think I would like that."

We both went and took a shower together and washed all of our cum off of each other. We didn't do anything more sexually. We were both just too drained to do anything else. My shirt was dry by then. I got dressed, we exchanged numbers and then I left and went home.

We did see each other a few more times, but it just wasn't the same as the first time. I wasn't really into rough stuff and he was. We just didn't mesh well together. Oh well, I heard through the grapevine that he got outed out in West Texas when he approached an AV tech out there after mis-reading the social signals the guy was sending.

**Please, don't forget to vote. It only takes a few seconds and it helps to know that there are folks out there who appreciate the stories we write. You can even make either public or private comments if you like. Thanks and I hope that you enjoyed my story.** 