 Water dropped from the sky; it started to rain. Luckily, Cameron was still leaning against the lockers, safe under the roof. He didn't move a muscle for ten minutes, still in shock of what happened between him and Leon. Cameron touched his lips with his fingers. He couldn't believe that Leon kissed him.

"Cameron? There you are," Max ran up to him.

"We've been waiting for you. Kim is back and—."

Max paused and looked at Cameron's face. He knew instantly that something was wrong.

"Cameron, what's wrong?"

"He...kissed me."

"What? Who kissed you?" Max looked at Cameron confused.

Cameron paused. He glanced around to make sure no one was in hearing distance.

"Leon." Cameron whispered.

Max had to do a double take. "Did you just say what I think you said?" Max asked with disbelief in his voice. Cameron nodded.

"What? How the? What the fuck?!"

"Max! You're too loud!" Cameron grabbed Max's arm and move to a more secluded area.

"Oh, I'm sorry. Excuse me if I'm a little freaked out by what you just said." Max rolled his eyes and crossed his arms.

"You're freaked out?! He kissed me, not you!" Cameron exclaimed.

Max sighed and rubbed the bridge between his eyes, "Ok. Tell me what happened."

"Ok," Cameron started. "Leon came up to me and said started to talk about John and that he was mad at John and then he talked about you and then—"

"Wait, wait, what the hell do I have to do with anything?" Max stopped Cameron.

"I don't know. He said something about how you know stuff about me and he said something about wanting to be the only one to tease me or something like that." Cameron said thinking back on the conversation.

"You idiot." Max sighed

"What? What did I do?" Cameron questioned.

"He was trying to tell you that he likes you." Max declared. Cameron stepped back. Leon liked him?

"But...why? How? Huh?" Cameron babbled.

"Let's go to the others." Max pulled Cameron and they started to walk to their usual hang out spot. 

"You are so dense." Max added.

They walked to the side of the school that overlooked the soccer field. Their group usually sat on hill surrounding the field, but since it was raining, they settled underneath the awning.

"Hey guys. Cameron, you missed Kim." Kat frowned.

"Where'd she go?" Max asked.

"She said she had a club meeting to go to. And why does Cameron look all spacey?"

Max didn't want to go into a lot of details on the event. He just told Kat and Alex that Leon kissed Cameron because of jealousy.

"Wow." Alex was the first to speak. "It took jealousy to get him to come around". Kat nodded in agreement.

"I didn't even know I made him jealous. If he wanted Cameron, I wasn't stopping him." Max stated.

"So what are you gonna do now, Cameron?" Alex inquired.

Cameron's mind tossed around so many things. He didn't know what to think.

'Does this mean Leon wants a relationship with me?' Cameron thought.

"Leon said he always knew I was gay...."

Cameron confessed the thing that bothered him the most. He told his friends about the girl and what Leon did. He felt hurt that Leon tricked him.

"That bastard," Max muttered. "As much as I hate that he did that to you, you can't just run away."

"Maybe you should talk to him. I bet he's as confused as you are." Kim placed a hand on Cameron's arm.

"But is school the right place?" Alex wondered out loud. Max and Kim shook their heads.

"Ok," Cameron conceded. "I'll talk to him after school; maybe we can go somewhere and talk it out."

Cameron shook his head, "Enough about me. How was Kim? She's finally back from her family vacation?"

"Hot as usual." Kim replied dreamily. "My Kimmy is all grown up."

"So true. She could be a model." Max agreed. Alex looked at Max, and then turned away.

"You ok, Alex?" Max asked, concerned.

He saw out the corner of his eye that Alex looked uneasy. Alex nodded. Cameron and Kat exchanged looks and decided to change the subject.

*******************************************

School finished pretty quickly as the rest of the day went on, the rain stopped as well. As soon as the bell rang, Cameron ran to his locker to catch up with Leon. The more he thought about it, the more Cameron concluded that he wanted Leon to feel the same way he did and explain why he kissed Cameron. Cameron arrived at the lockers and looked for Leon, but he couldn't find him. He glanced around, searching for the brunette.

'Did he escape to the parking lot?' Cameron thought. 'No way is he getting out of this.'

Cameron ran to the parking lot to find Leon's car.

Cameron spotted Leon's Mercedes still parked. He decided to wait by the car. Leon walked out of school about fifteen minutes later with his backpack slung over his shoulder. Leon saw Cameron leaning against the passenger's side and froze. He was in no way prepared to face Cameron after what happened at lunch. But Cameron meant a lot to him, so he kept walking forward.

"Hey, Cam." Leon spoke. Cameron lifted his head and smiled when he saw Leon.

"Good, you're here. Come on, I thought we were going to your house."

"We are? You're not mad?" Leon questioned. "You're not gonna yell at me?"

Cameron stared directly at Leon, which made Leon feel uneasy. 

Cameron smiled once again, "Aren't you gonna unlock the door?"

"Oh."

Leon pulled out his car keys and pressed the button. At the sound, Cameron opened the door and got in. Leon didn't know what Cameron was up to, but he knew it was going to be a long day.

********************************************

Leon parked the car in his driveway. It seemed that his parents weren't home; that should have made him happy, but instead, Leon became more nervous. Silence drifted in the car between Cameron and Leon. Cameron glanced at Leon, opened the car door, and exited.

"Oh, god." Leon whispered.

The last thing he wanted was for Cameron to hate him. This was his chance to convey his feelings to his sandy blond haired friend. Leon got out of the car, ready for whatever was going to happen. Cameron stood on the porch of Leon's house.

"What's taking you so long?" Cameron looked surprisingly calm. Leon was taken aback by his usual attitude.

'Does he want to forget what happened?' Leon asked himself.

He felt a pain in his chest. Leon didn't want Cameron to act like that. He wanted something more out of their friendship, but what if Cameron didn't? What if Cameron didn't even want a friendship anymore?

They entered the house and Leon led the way to his bedroom. Cameron looked around the house in awe. Leon's parents were very wealthy people. His father was the CEO of some sort of corporation that owned many industries, from sales to a few music ones. It was rumored that he might (and was willing) to take over the company. His employers thought he was a great boss to work for.

His mother was a lawyer who was famous for never losing a case; the good thing about that was Leon's mom was always on the side of justice. Leon's parents always found time to spend with their son, despite the heavy responsibilities of their jobs.

Leon's bedroom seemed over spacious, but it also had a home feel to it. A king sized bed fitted in the corner near a window that overlooked the backyard. To the left of the bed, the bathroom looked so white and luminescent. On the other side was a dresser and next to it sat a desk with a laptop. Cameron dropped his backpack next to the door and sat on the bed. Leon swallowed nervously. This image of Cameron on his bed played out differently in his head.

"Leon," Cameron patted the bed. "Sit down."

Leon immediately sat next to Cameron. Leon knew that Cameron wanted to talk. He rubbed his sweaty palms on his jeans.

"Cameron, I'm really sorry about this afternoon. I should've asked to kiss you and I shouldn't have forced you."

Cameron nodded and stared at Leon expectantly. He wanted Leon to apologize for something else. Leon looked back and realized he forgot something.

"Oh!" Leon gasped. "And, about the girl, I never meant for that to hurt you. It's just I never thought you would tell me. You seemed so enclosed in yourself. I just wanted you to open up to me; and it looks like I did it the wrong way. I'm sorry."

Leon finished, sure that was all he did wrong until Cameron stared at him—with the same look he had the whole time Leon talked, a blank face. Cameron didn't seem impressed by Leon's apology. "Cameron...say something, please." Leon pleaded, grabbing Cameron's hand. Cameron shivered from the contact-- the shiver reaching down his spine and another place.

"Leon, I'm mad at you because..." Cameron stopped, thinking of the right words to say. Leon cringed and braced himself for what Cameron might say.

"You didn't tell me that you liked me, you jerk!" Cameron hit Leon's arm and crossed his own arms.

"What?" Leon said in shock.

"You're mad because I didn't say I liked you?" Leon repeated.

Cameron nodded his head, "Yup. I mean, don't get me wrong, I'm pissed off at you for what you did when we were younger. But I was even more pissed off that you kiss me and then just left without finishing the job or saying anything."

Leon looked at Cameron with disbelief.

"I sometimes forget how feisty and sassy you can be." Leon smirked. He leaned toward Cameron's lips, but Cameron moved back.

"Oh, no you don't. Leon, you don't get off that easy," Cameron moved a hand between them to create space.

"Like I said, I'm still pissed. And you have to do a whole lot to make it up to me."

Leon tilted his head, as if he was trying to think of a solution to make Cameron happy.

"To make it up to you, we could make out." Leon offered.

Cameron looked at him, "Yeah, right."

At that moment, Leon closed the space between them and sealed Cameron's lips with his own. Leon gently pushed Cameron on his bed with his body. Their make out session was getting hot and heavy, and Cameron definitely felt the tingle in his body. His jeans began to feel uncomfortably tight, along with feeling Leon's erection rubbing against his own. Leon moved from Cameron lips, to his jaw, and then started to suck a spot above Cameron's collarbone.

"Oh, my god." moaned Cameron, grasping Leon's back and raking a hand through Leon's silky hair.

"You know, I'd rather just be called Leon." He laughed while stopping the suction on Cameron neck.

He lifted himself up and stared at Cameron on his bed. Leon glanced at the mark he left before lifting his eyes to Cameron's face, feeling a strange sense of satisfaction.

"Shut up, you conceited jerk." Cameron smiled, staring back into the grey eyes that turned dark.

Cameron pulled Leon to him for another kiss. He knew he shouldn't get too carried away, but Cameron also couldn't ignore that this sexy stud wanted him. Leon wasted no time going at Cameron's pace. He removed his shirt, showing off the body Cameron loved so much. To Leon, Cameron looked like a kid in a candy store, rubbing his hands all over Leon body. Cameron moved to kiss Leon's neck and found a certain spot under his ear.

"Somebody's a little sensitive." Cameron chuckled when he felt Leon shiver.

Cameron continued to attack that spot, licking and lavishing. Leon moaned and pulled Cameron as close as humanly possible, grinding their jeans together. When he felt Cameron suck on his ear lobe, Leon felt the urge to take control and dominate the situation. He pushed Cameron back onto the bed and took off his shirt. Cameron felt uncomfortable being stared at and used his arms to cover himself.

"Baby, don't hide yourself from me. I've never seen you so self-conscious."

"It's just...I don't want you to be disappointed with what you see. I know I not the worst looking guy and all. I just want you to have everything you want, just like you're everything I want."

"And you are, Cameron. You mean so much to me. You are everything I want. I mean if you weren't, I probably wouldn't like you, but I do, so that means you are and--," Leon kept babbling.

Cameron stopped listening after the first sentence and pulled Leon down for a kiss to shut him up.

"Ok, ok, I heard you." Cameron smiled. "So, does this mean...we're, you know, together?" Cameron asked shyly.

Leon smiled, "Do you want to be?" 

"YES! Uh, I mean...yes." Cameron blushed.

"Me, too. So I guess that means you're all mine. No one else's." Leon touched his forehead to Cameron's and received a smile. Leon returned the gesture and moved lower down Cameron's body.

Leon looked like a handsome devil, licking Cameron's nipple while watching him writhe and grab on the sheets. After giving one attention, Leon thought it was only fair to give the other some 'Leon time' as well. He circled the tiny nub slowly a few time before placing his mouth over it. Leon sucked on Cameron, slightly hoping to leave a bruise on the tender flesh. 

Cameron could do nothing but allow Leon to do what he wanted—not that he had a problem with letting Leon have full reign. Leon moved lower, kissing Cameron's flat stomach on the way down. Cameron pulled Leon to his face for a kiss as Leon unbuttoned their jeans. Cameron tried to stifle a moan when Leon pressed his hard-on into his own. Leon contained an animalistic desire to rip Cameron clothes off, but with every ounce of will, he prevented that situation. 

The last thing he wanted to do was push Cameron into something. Cameron wasn't making it easy; he started to slide his hand down to feel Leon's package. When he squeezed, Leon wanted to throw every feeling out the window. Cameron chuckled as he watched Leon's face show conflicting emotions.

"Aren't you acting dirty?" Leon tugged on Cameron's bottom lip.

"Should I stop?" Cameron smirked, grabbing Leon's taut ass.

"If you do, I'm gonna kill you." Leon pushed himself harder against Cameron.

Lost in their own little world, they failed to hear a car pulled in the driveway next to the Mercedes. A man and a woman stepped out of the car.

"Oh, look Andrew," the woman pointed to the Mercedes, "Leon's home kind of earlier than normal."

"Well, maybe we can get him to do cook something for us, Sage. Let's tell him we broke our hands and maybe he'll be sympathetic." Andrew laughed holding up his hands to his wife.

"I doubt he would fall for that, dear." Sage grabbed some bags from the car and walked to the house, shaking her head at her silly husband.

"Leon? Where are you? We have groceries in the car." Sage called out.

"Maybe he's in his room. I'll go get him. That kid needs to get out more, maybe some extracurricular activities or something." Andrew mentioned to Sage.

"He said he didn't want to do that stuff. Apparently, he doesn't like some of the kids: too snobby, he says." Sage replied, placing the groceries on the granite kitchen island top . She tucked her dark brown hair behind her ear and sent her husband a sympathetic look; while their son was athletic, he never wanted to join the teams. Her husband wanted Leon to do all sorts of sports; but Leon made no effort to try out.

"Whatever, I'm going to get him to do something." Leon's father mumbled, walking upstairs to a certain boy's room. What happened next certainly wasn't what he expected.

"Leon." Andrew knocked twice and twisted the door knob, "Help with the grocer--"

He couldn't finish his sentence when he saw his son kissing the neighbor's kid. While he and his wife were away, Leon and Cameron didn't get much more than a shirt off and jeans unbuttoned—but that didn't stop them from leaving marks all over each other. They turned their head at the doorway and their faces wore a stunned expression. Andrew stood there, not knowing what to say or what to do.

"Dad... I..." Leon struggled to button his jeans and find his shirt, as Cameron sat frozen behind him.

"Downstairs. Now." That was all his father managed before walking out and closing the door behind him.

"Oh shit." Leon has never seen his father act like that. He knew he was in trouble, big time.

"Leon, I'm so sorry." Cameron whispered as he put his shirt back on. "I don't want you to be in trouble."

"It's alright, Cam. You look kinda cute when you're scared." Leon held Cameron's face in his hands.

"You never know when to stop, do you? Your parents are going to kill you!" Cameron smacked Leon's hands away. He was angered at Leon's nonchalant attitude when they were just caught by Leon's dad!

"I know they're going to be mad, so I might as well savor you while I have you." Leon casted his eyes down.

Leon didn't really know how his parents would react and he was actually scared of what they would do. He stood up and offered his hand to Cameron, who hesitantly placed his hand into Leon's. Hand in hand, they walked downstairs and braced themselves for what was to come.

*************************************

They sat down on the couch in the living room. Cameron wrung his hands in his lap, obviously nervous. Leon sat next to him, passing sympathetic glances. Andrew paced back and forth, while Sage stood behind him, deep in her own thoughts.

"So, how long has this been going on, Leon?" His father finally stopped pacing and looked at them with his arms crossed.

Andrew's intimidating presence made Leon understand why the workers or rival companies never trifled with his father. His salt and peppered hair showed that he had experience and his big stature made others feel fear.

"I believe I asked you a question." Andrew repeated. Leon jumped at his voice and couldn't seem to find his own. Cameron wasn't doing any better: his whole body was shaking.

"Andrew, please. You're scaring the poor thing." Sage reprimanded her husband.

"Well, if they would just answer the damn question." Andrew retorted.

"Today! We didn't do anything before!" Cameron yelled out. Leon and his parents turned their heads towards him; it seems Cameron broke under the pressure.

"Today?" Sage repeated. Cameron nodded his head quickly. Sage and Andrew looked at each other.

"Leon...how long have you been..." Andrew paused, searching for the right words.

"Gay?" Leon offered.

His eyes didn't move from the floor and he never looked his father in the eyes since he and Cameron were caught. Andrew grunted.

"To be honest, I don't know. I don't even consider myself gay." Leon said.

Cameron turned his head in shock. After all that's happened, is Leon going to deny their new relationship?

"I just know that I really care about Cameron. I like him a lot. To tell you the truth, I won't say I love him because I haven't earned his love first. But when that day comes, I'll be sure to return his words." Leon finished.

Cameron stared at Leon; he seemed to have thought about their lives a lot more than Cameron gave him credit for. Leon's parents also stood there; they couldn't believe what their son just said. Leon felt embarrassed; time seemed too slow as the seconds ticked away, and no one in the room has said anything.

"Well? Aren't you guys going to get mad?" Leon finally looked up.

If he was going to get in trouble, he might as well face his parents. Leon didn't want Cameron to seem like a one-time thing that he could just get over; Cameron meant more than that to him. Leon's mom moved towards the kitchen. The three guys in the living room heard shuffling and some drawers being closed. Sage came back into the living room, hiding something behind her back.

'Oh my... what if she stabs us?' Cameron foolishly thought, clearly not losing his fear. He shook even more, grabbing Leon's arm.

Sage walked in front of her son with very poised and calm body language. She pulled the thing from behind her back and Leon was surprised to see a wooden spoon. She held it in both hands, almost as if to feel the weight. She tapped it against one of her hands.

Suddenly, Sage hit her son on the head; the loud thump made Cameron jump and Andrew laugh. Cameron thought the noise sounded like a crack in wood.
