 I was 24 years old and traveling for my job. I was alone in my hotel and sex was pretty much always on my mind. I had just discovered online personals, and after browsing for some time i got the nerve to post my own. I had never had a threesome, and the idea really turned me on, so I posted looking for a couple, figuring nothing would really come of it.

I had some drinks and was surfing porn, waiting. I got a lot of responses from guys saying "hey bro, I'll suck you off", or "you wanna fuck me". Some just sent dick pics. I wasn't interested. I was amused at the amount of single men responding when I'd posted for a couple, and the serious lack of substance in their messages. The night went on and I caught a buzz. I was starting to get really, really horny. Then I got an email that stood out from the rest. Surprisingly, it was from a man, who said he was mid fifties and gay. It read something like this.

"Hi, I know you're looking for a couple, but if you don't find one, maybe you'd consider letting me give you a massage. It's completely safe, without any pressure. Nothing will happen that you don't want to happen."

Somehow it caught my interest. I wasn't having any luck finding a couple anyway, and was starting to get bored. Maybe it was because I was buzzed, but I decided to respond. I'd never done anything like this before and my nerves were going crazy. Even though it was "just a massage", I wasn't naive. My heart was racing and my hands were shaking as I typed a response. What was I doing?!

He seemed like a nice enough guy, and I agreed to meet him at his massage parlor. It was about 10 pm and dark when I arrived. He had closed the business and the parking lot was empty. I didn't know anyone in town but it put me at ease knowing nobody would see me go in. He met me at the door and we introduced ourselves. He was about 6' and somewhat heavyset, with a closely trimmed salt and pepper beard. He was wearing loose fitting blue gym shorts and a dark grey t-shirt. Just a regular looking guy. I was nervous, and a little excited all at once, wondering where the night would go. 

He led me into a room lit with scented candles. There was nature sounds music playing, some sort of wind flute with trickling water. A massage table was in the center of the room, and he told me to undress, lay face down on it and relax. I asked him if he had a towel or something to cover up with and he said he did, and that he would cover me up once I was on the table if it made me feel more comfortable. Then was when I realized he was going to watch me undress. 

As nervous as I was, it excited me. I took a breath and pulled my shirt off. The feeling of this older man watching me was turning me on. I undid my belt and tugged at my waistband, dropping my cargo shorts to the floor. I wasn't wearing underwear. Instantly, I was standing there, naked, in front of this older man with his eyes locked on my body. My cock twitched. I got on the table and layed face down. All I could think was "I can't believe I'm doing this."

I was well aware that my semi hard cock was exposed between my legs. I could feel his eyes on me. I heard him moving and then he draped a small towel over my ass. I relaxed a little, exhaling slowly and closing my eyes while he adjusted the towel placement. 

When the towel was where he wanted it, he lightly ran his fingers across the back of my leg, just below my ass, and trailing them down the inner part of my thigh. He drizzled warm oil down my legs. He started by rubbing my feet, then working up my calfs and back down, in a circular motion, each time sliding his hands further up my legs. Every time his fingertips brushed my inner thigh, my dick pulsed... I was glad the towel hid my excitement, but a small part of me hoped he noticed. By then my mind was racing. I felt his fingers brush my balls. Holy shit this was crazy. He started dripping oil on my back.

His hands moved up my spine and over my shoulders. Working his way around me, he rubbed my sides, where he would glide his hands down towards my chest, and I felt his fingers slip across my nipples. My senses were on high alert and I let out an "mmmmm" as he did this. Then he worked my arm, and moved himself in front of my head. As he leaned over me to rub from my shoulders down towards the small of my back, I felt the fabric of his shorts brush my face. I don't know where the nerve came from, but I turned my head so I was facing him. I opened my eyes and could make out the outline of his semi hard cock through the soft fabric of his shorts. I'd never been this close to another man's cock before. I could make out the thick shaft and the outline of the head. My nostrils were filled with his scent. I was shocked at how turned on I was. As he leaned over me it grazed my cheek. Almost involuntarily, my mouth opened and I felt it brush my lips. "I can't believe this is happening" I thought. "I can't believe I'm doing this". I felt so dirty and it turned me on. I never imagined myself like this. I moved my head so I could feel more of his cock rubbing against my mouth through his shorts. I closed my eyes because I didn't want him to know it was on purpose. I could feel him getting harder as his shaft pressed against my partially opened mouth. God this was hot.

He began working his way around and down the other side of my body. Every nerve in me was alert. This time, as he picked up my arm and began to work it, I felt the fabric of his shorts on my fingertips. His cock brushed against the back of my hand as he kneaded me. My head was buzzing. Oh my god this was crazy. I opened my fingers and gently moved my hand, feeling the weight of his cock against my hand.

He worked his way back down towards my feet, kneading and rubbing my leg. He pulled it gently, opening my legs wider. I felt his hands on both of my legs, just above my knees, and he slid them forward, gliding them up my thighs and then outward across my ass. The towel slipped away with his hands and as he repeated the motion. I was very aware that as he massaged me, he was spreading my ass cheeks. Every inch of me was exposed to this older man I had only met minutes ago. God I was turned on. I felt him spread my legs further, and he climbed onto the table, kneeling between them. He continued to rub my ass and upper thighs. His hand now grazing my cock and trailing his fingers across my balls and asshole. It felt was electric. I'd never had anyone touch me there before. I moaned involuntarily. I was breathing heavy. I couldn't believe how hot this was. 

He reached his hands over my hip and sort of rolled me to the side. His fingers wrapped around my cock. I gasped. "Let's make you more comfortable" he said, as he positioned my throbbing cock so it pointed up, stroking me slowly, just a few times, before rolling me back over. Oh my God I couldn't believe this was happening. I didn't want him to stop!

He started rubbing my ass again, making outward circles, spreading my cheeks with each upward circle, exposing every inch of me to him. His thumbs trailed across my asshole and circled it, lightly pressing against it. I was so aroused. I was thrusting my hips as he rubbed me, grinding my cock against the table and then pressing my ass into his hands, my body had taken control. My breath was heavy. I was so hard I felt like my cock would explode. I felt him grasp my cheeks firmly and spread them. Then I felt his hot breath on me as he exhaled over my balls and across my asshole. "Oh my god" I moaned, pushing my ass backward against his hands. He reached under me and grasped my cock, stroking me as he blew on my ass again. It felt fucking amazing. "I can't believe I'm letting you do this to me" I panted. My cock throbbed in his oil slick hand as he pumped it back and forth. 

"Roll over onto your back" he said...