 For a while I knew I'd like to try it, but never had the nerve to follow through and see what it was like. Gay sex. It always teased me, but I never thought I'd have the opportunity, much less do it if I did. I was in my mid-twenties, tall, strong, attractive dude who had more then his share of fun with women, but still was single and not really too interested in finding a life-long attachment at the time. I suppose I was more into quantity then quality at the time, and the product of a rather restrictive upbringing was that as soon as I was out on my own I was gonna find out about all the things that I was told to stay away from. College brought drinking to excess and the odd joint, but none of that really appealed to me. I had the odd porno mag when I was a young teen that I'd beat off to, and later when I found the real thing it satisfied something in me that I didn't know before. Women were great, but I was also intrigued when I was a kid by gay porno mags with pix of guys with big cocks in them - stroking off just like me. I knew what that dude felt like when he got hard, and contrary to the popular opinion among that guys I ran around with - I didn't seem to think there was anything wrong with it.

I went off to college in a large midwestern town, got my degree and proceeded to work for a few firms in my chosen field. I would look at the adds in the local paper every once in a while. The paper had a classified section for massage, and every time I looked at it there was an ad that read "Full Massage - Male Therapist." I was intrigued but as I said before I was hesistant. If I went, what would happen? Would I get massaged? Would we both get nude? Would he wanna fuck me? The last possibility didn't really appeal to me at all. So for a few years I would see the ad, but didn't do anything about it.

One night when I was bored I called into a chat line, and out of curiousity I got into the gay room, and talked to another guy who lived just out of town, and told me about this guy who advertised. He said he was older - maybe early fifties, but he was in good shape, was really nice, gave a great massage . . . and was really hung, which of course was found interesting. I was told by most of the women I'd been with that I was bigger than most guys, but I'd never had the chance to compare hard-on to hard-on.

It was a Saturday - again I was bored, and curiousity really didn't kill the cat. It just coughed up a few more hairballs - so I called the number. I guess I was expecting a kinda gay sounding voice - you know, the typical effeminate fag - so I was surprised when I heard a really deep voice on the other end of the line.

"Good day - Gord's massage."

I was nervous. No shit I was nervous - my voice musta sounded really hesitant.

"Yeah, um . . . I was wondering what your services are and how much?"

"A partial is $30 for a half hour, and a full for an hour is $60."

Well, going through my mind is the question of what is a full massage? Of course the only way to find out was to go for the full-meal deal, so I bit.

"I'll take a full. Do you have time this afternoon?"

"Yeah. Around 3:00. Sound good?"

I said yes, gave him my name, and hung up. Now I was both totally nervous, and really horny. My cock was making it hard to walk, so I kinda limped to the car and started driving to where this guy said his place was. I shouldn't really have driven because I was almost in a drunken state, but what are you gonna do?

I found his place in an inner-city neighborhood, an older house in an area where you made sure you locked all the doors. I stumbled out of the car and crossed the street to get to the front door of the place and nervously summoned up all the courage I had to ring the doorbell, telling myself the whole time that this was totally goofy - why be nervous. Yeah, right.

Anyways, the doorbell rang, and I heard footsteps approaching the door. Should I run and hide like some stupid teenager playing a joke? The sweat on my brow would surely give me away. But then again, I can't be the first guy he's seen like this. Anticipation of the unknown was getting the better of me. Then the door opened.

In front of me stood a normal looking man in his early fifties with salt-and-pepper hair and a small smile on his face. He held out his hand to shake mine and said "Hi, I'm Gord," and he welcomed me inside. It was only as I was walking in the door that I noticed that the only thing Gord had on was his underwear. This was a little shocking, but also more intriguing.

He summoned me through a hallway into his massage room, where there was a full massage table, a few shelves with various things on them, a light over the table and a desk. Pretty spartan, but I wasn't there for the decorating.

He asked me if wanted a full or partial and I responded full. Then he asked me to take my clothes off, which I did rather awkwardly, considering I was still rather nervous. I was also horny in anticipation of what was going to happen, but didn't let it show - my cock was under control.

I noticed that as I continued to undress, he was watching me while getting some oil ready. As I got to the point where I was getting my pants off and just had undies on, he reached down to his waist and began to pull off his shorts. Wow! Not exactly shy, but I'm sure that he knew what I had on my mind. Turned out that once the shorts were off he had a tiny g-string on underneath. This guy was sexy! And he knew how to make you feel at ease as well. My cock started to swell as I reached for my skivvies and pulled them down, and I realized quietly to myself that I has reached the point of no return - I was gonna find out what man-to-man sex was really like. At least, I was going to get started today.

We were both kinda standing there looking each other over. Gord had that curious grin on his face. I was standing nude in front of him with my cock starting to go turgid. He snapped me out of the trance by asking me to get up on the massage table face down. He was just getting his shorts down when my horniness had taken over and the nervousness had died down somewhat, and I decided to take things to the next level.

"Don't stop there" I said, not knowing what his response would be but hoping it would have the impact I was looking for.

Sure enough, he bent over and took off his g-string. When he straightened up, I saw his cock and balls for the first (of many) times. He was soft and his dick was pretty much the same size as mine in that state, with nice tight nuts. As I looked closer, I noticed he was wearing a cock-ring. Too cool!

He started the massage by rubbing oil on my back and working up to my shoulders, then down over my ass to my legs, and back up again. The first time on my shoulders he stood at the head of the table with his cock right in my face. He knew I wanted a good look at it, and I think he wanted it right in my face too. It seemed to me that his cock had gotten a little bigger, but my mind was probably playing tricks on me. I was way hornier than I had ever been before, but always played it cool as I was still only semi-hard as well. Lying face down on a massage table also hides the evidence fairly well.

After his three-minute exhibition in front of my face, he went back down and rubbed my legs for a few more minutes, then worked his way up to my butt. He started by rubbing the glutes really well, then slowly slid his hand in between my legs to rub my thighs. As he did this he touched both my asshole and my balls and sent shivers of pleasure up and down my body, and my cock started to seriously get hard. Then he broke off and came in front of the table again, his cock right at eye-level for me.

Even flaccid, his cock was gorgeous. It was uncut with a short foreskin and a large peehole. This time it was very evident that his cock was growing and his nutsac tightening up. The cockring was straining to keep his package in. I had decided that now was the time and summoned up the will to pass the final hurdle.

"Can I play with your cock?" I asked.

"Um hmm." 

That was all it took. I reached forward and started lightly tickling his nuts and within seconds that wanted effect on his cock took place. As it started growing I took it in my hand while it was still semi-soft. What a feeling - his cock was both soft on the outside and rapidly hardening to a size that was incredible. When he was fully hard he was easily 10" long and really thick. I took a moment to stare at his crotch and admire the full masculinity and beauty of his dick at full staff - he was rock fucking hard and evidently enjoying it. As I stroked his cock little moans and gasps would escape from his mouth as he continued to try to rub my shoulders. This went on for a couple of minutes when I noticed my cock was aching underneath me and yearning to be free. I kinda rolled on my side to free myself of the pressure and he took it as me wanting to roll over, which I did totally and lay on my back. My cock was sticking straight in the air with precum starting to work its way out of me. I lay back and reached down to stroke my cock as he went around the other side, and checked me out for the first time.

"God damn! You're beautiful." He said, slightly under his breath. He started stroking my cock, long, languid strokes and alternated looking at my crotch and my face with a look of budding desire on his. He looked like a kid who had found a new toy, and of course, we both were.

We stroked each other for a few more minutes, staring into each others eyes while he kept mumbling how beautiful I was. I had been called a lot of things before, but not beautiful. Certainly not by another man, while we were both nude. And hard. And wanting each other.

Then he moved suddenly and pulled one hand away from stoking my nuts, and put his face right down on my balls and started licking them. Whoa! His tongue shot new pleasures into my body and he seemed to be breathing deeply, pulling in my musky scent. This guy was getting off and his sexy attitude and being was doing the same to me. I was loving this - his hard cock and balls in my hand and his face down in my crotch licking my nuts. He then came up for air and looked at me for second. I kept up my pace stroking his huge member. Then he moved back down for more nut licking.

Or so I thought - as he was going down he opened his mouth and swallowed my cock!! This was more then what I had expected. I had to hold back from shooting in his mouth because the feeling was incredible - the best blow job I had ever had. He was a bit rougher then any of the women I had had before, but he knew what to do with my cock. As he was sucking, he wrapped my nuts with his hand and slid a greasy finger down towards my ass. It didn't go all the way in but he started to rub the area just under my hole which felt incredible as well. I was so far gone that I stopped rubbing him and just lay there stunned. A few more minutes of that I had to tell him to stop or I was gonna cum in his mouth, which seemed bad form on the first meeting.

He then grabbed his oil and lubed us both up real well. We jerked ourselves off the rest of the way, he finishing first by shooting a huge load on me, then me blasting up on to my chest six or seven huge shots. I was drenched in cum and my mind was spinning. All I knew at this point was that I was definitely going to be a repeat customer.