 I've gone to massage therapists off and on for several years for a reoccurring back problem. I'd always felt incredibly comfortable with the guy I'd been going to for some time. He was very handsome, with think strong arms and massive hands. I'd always felt a bit of sexual tension between the two of us but, even though he might brush his well-packed crotch up against me while getting the kinks out of my body, nothing had even happened - even with my noticeable hardon. Then I learned he was moving back to the East Coast. Damn, I now needed to go through the hassle of finding someone new to see on a regular basis.

I checked a couple local newspapers and didn't see anyone with an office real convenient to my home. Friends made a couple suggestions and the guys were booked solid for a couple weeks. A gay publication had a lot of "bodywork" guys listed but, although the thought was intriguing, my insurance company would only cover the costs of a licensed massage therapist. I was kind of bitching about the situation to a neighbor when she told me her sister's boyfriend was a massage therapist with an office about 15 minutes away. I made the call and an appointment was set up for the next afternoon with Todd.

I threw on some sweats and a T-shirt the next day before heading out for my massage. I started getting a little hard with the anticipation of just being nude on a table with a guy doing nothing but paying attention to my body. Todd's office was in a great older building. I walked in and was met by a hunk who obviously worked out a great deal. He had piercing blue eyes in contrast to his very dark Italian looks. He shook my hand with one of those grips that let you know there was no mistaking that he was anything but a REAL man. After a little small talk, primarily about the connection of my neighbor being his girlfriend's sister, he showed me to a room with a massage table and left me to get myself undressed. I slid between the crisp white sheets, and adjusted myself face down on the table to avoid bringing immediate attention to my stiff prick.

Todd came in, asked if I was comfortable and, with my affirmative grunt, began to warm some vanilla-scented oil between his hands. Slowly he began to work the oil into the tense muscles of my back. Working down my spine, he made me feel as if my entire body was melting. He pulled the sheet off my lower body and commented on the fact my Speedo tan lines had left a great frame on my "glow in the dark" ass. His strong hands moved from my lower back and he began kneading my tight ass. The strength of his hands made the massage almost painful, but enjoyable - and somewhat sensual - at the same time. 

Todd then poured a bit more oil on my ass and it kind of tickled as it ran down my crack. With several of his fingers, he caught the stream of oil just as it reached my asshole, teasing the pucker with a fingertip as he scooped up the warm liquid to work it into my butt cheeks. Of course, this caused my already hard cock to twitch like crazy. Oil once again making its way down my ass cleft resulted in Todd going through the same movement, except I was wide-eyed with surprise as a massive finger was slowly worked into my naturally-lubed hot hole this time. The finger was removed, my body was pulled closer to the end of the table and my legs were pushed further apart.

The roughness of a scratchy day's growth of beard came into contact with the clean-shaven surfaces of the globes of my ass - and a hot, wet tongue began to probe the lips and lining of my hole. It was as if Todd hadn't eaten for week and my ass was the main course. I was bucking my ass up to meet his mouth each time he came up for air. In my ecstasy I completely lost track of time. After a while I was slightly aware of Todd standing up as two large fingers were forced inside my body and the massage of a lifetime suddenly included my prostate getting worked over. I began moaning loudly as I blasted off repeatedly between my stomach and the massage table without either of us ever laying a hand on my straining cock. 

Todd turned me over and acted like nothing unusual had happened. He just massaged my cum into my skin as if it were a lotion he always used. My cock was still rock hard, but he focused the movement of his hands on every other part of the front of my body. With a kneading of my pecs, and a light pinching of my nipples, my hard cock started to do flip-flops attempting to attract his attention. Instead, he concentrated on the insides of my thighs - being sure to brush the backsides of his hairy hands against my shaved balls as often as possible. Finally, he doused my cock and balls with oil. With one hand he massaged my balls together, rubbing his thumb back and forth over the full sacs. With the tight grip of his other hand he stroked the length of my purple, veiny shaft. I literally had to grab the sides of the table to keep from jumping off of it. Gritting my teeth, and holding my breath, I held back as long as possible to take in the intense pleasure, before spewing all over my chest, neck and face. As I collapsed in exhaustion, Todd tossed me towel, saying "time's up." 

He was walking out the room when he turned back to me, smiling and said, "I'll be out at the front desk to schedule your next appointment before you leave."