 I woke up the next day and headed on to work. The image of Black Daaa, I mean, Terrence's dick sliding in and out of my mouth still haunted my memory. More disturbing was the fact I was getting an erection from it. I mean, I wasn't gay, not that Terrence cared, but after the past two visits I was definitely questioning it. Worked dragged on mainly because I work in a boring profession, and the other thing is all I could think about was what instructions awaited me. 

After work I immediately turned my cell phone on when I got to my car. Message from Black Daddy automatically buzzed up on the screen. 

"Yo, bitch," it read, "today remove all your body hair, that's pubic, ass, armpits, legs, you know from your neck down. Maybe not your arm hair, but trim it low. Use a lotion that doesn't cause you a rash, but get it done today, text me when you're finished."

He followed that up with "don't forget..."

And sent yet another pic, this one with his balls in my mouth and his black cock laying on my face. I admit my dick twitched from the sight of it.

"Yes, Black Daddy." I texted back.

It took some doing, but I managed to ask all the right questions at the pharmacy about hair removal products without too much embarrassment. I did a decent job getting it all off, too. I had even ran into my neighbor and she graciously shaved my back for me. I had to make up some story about how I was going snorkeling with a buddy. And how he had told me it was better not to have any hair as the wet suit would tear it out when I put the suit on and took it off. I owe her a drink sometime. And I was going 'snorkeling' all right, at least when Terence buried that black cock in my throat it felt like it. Anyway... 

I texted Terrence, "all done, BD" 

"Good boi, pick you up at 7pm Friday your place. Wear shorts and a tee shirt"

Were we working out together now? All I could think of, instead I replied with "yes Black Daddy".

Needless to say Friday was a long day, the anticipation was excruciating, but I made it through. I got a quick bite to eat, showered, and shaved my face again, didn't want to disappoint, got dressed and waited. Terrence showed up around 7:45, late but still light enough to make out faces if you were watching. I walked quickly to his car hoping no neighbors were around. He stopped me before I got in the car.

"Hold up, white boy," he said, "step around to my side now, let me take a look at you."

I walked around the car to the driver's side so he could see me.

"Lift your shirt"

I look around thankful nobody was witnessing this and lifted it up to show him my bare chest.

"Nice, now the shorts"

I hesitated, probably shouldn't have, but I wasn't sure about exposing myself like that in public. Terrence didn't care.

"Bitch, do as you are told or it's going to get worse. Now, take off the shorts and hand them to me." 

I looked around again, I didn't see anyone out or anyone looking out their windows. I pulled the shorts off and stepped up to his window and handed them to him. 

"Step back, let me look at you," he demanded.

I did it and he tells me to remove my hands from my now half erect cock so he can see my pubic area, he said crotch actually. 

"Lift your balls, now turn, bend over, and spread 'em"

"Oh, God," I thought.

The inspection seemed to take forever, I went as fast as I could. Terrence seemed to be taking his sweet time. Perhaps it was the humiliation of being exposed, but time had stood still. Until finally...

"Not bad, bitch, get in the car...let's go!!"

He laid on the horn as I'm ran around the front of the car and jumped in the passenger's seat. He laughed and commented on how quick I could move when I wanted to. I said something about him being an asshole, but I'm pretty sure it came out as thank you Black Daddy.

"Can I have my shorts back please?"

"Bitch, you lost them when you made me wait, make sure you keep that towel under your ass. I don't want you soiling up my seats. I see you're happy to see me, boy." 

He looked down to my cock drawing my attention there, I was hard as a rock. My face flushed red and I said it must be the breeze on it. 

"The wind ain't the only thing blowing in this car," he laughed, "You ever heard of road head, bitch?" 

With that he pulled his black cock out of his shorts and reached over with one hand placing it behind my head and pulled me down to it.

"Please, Black Daddy, not here." I pleaded.

"We can do it outside the car if you want, faggot."

My mouth was already impaled on his dick, so I said "mmmph."

He pulled out into the street and turned up his hip-hop music and didn't bother rolling the window up. He had one hand on the wheel and one on the back of my head bobbing my mouth up and down on his cock with the bass. I did my best to suck him off hoping for no red lights, but that didn't work. After a few blocks we pulled to a stop and Terrence turned the music down. He was talking to some females that had pulled up beside him.

"Hey girls, howzit going?"

"Shit Terrence, is that you? What's yo black ass been up to"

"Chilling, you know, getting mine..." his voice trailed off.

"Damn, T you got another white boy to suck that dick of yours? You be a sick man, yo"

I could feel my face redden and Terrence lifting my head off his black cock so the girl could get a look at me. She was leaning out her side of the car to get a better view. I could feel the drool running down my chin and my face heating up even more from the humiliation.

"Oh don't let me interrupt, queer boy, you get your sissy ass back to work. You should be proud T lets you suck that gorgeous cock of his," she said.

Terrence laughed and pushed my head forcefully back on his dick. Light must have went green, because the music was loud again and the car was rolling. 

"That's it, cock boy, take that nigga dick deep," he groaned, "You're starting to like it, I can tell."

I immediately refuted this, but because he was pushing my head down even further, "mmmm" was all he heard.

I now had my hand on the base of his cock, stroking it while I sucked on him. I felt the car pull into a driveway or parking lot and stop, so I figured we had reached our destination. Terrence was close to cumming too, because he had let me keep servicing his throbbing monster, not bothering to get out of the car. His hips suddenly bucked and I felt his seed bursting through his shaft into my mouth. I did my best to swallow what I could, but it was flowing right out my mouth. 

"Damn, faggot, you have to swallow that shit," he said, pushing me off him.

He got out of the car and stood there with his dick still out telling me to get over there and clean him up. I got out with my shorts in my hand to wipe it up, but he wasn't having any of that. 

"Knees, bitch, use your tongue." 

I got on my knees and licked the drool and cum of his dick and shorts. So humiliating, I was still naked from the waist down and not to mention hard from it all. It didn't take long to clean it up and he seemed satisfied enough. 

"Get up and put your shorts on, cocksucker, I got work to do." 

We had entered the place through the back door, but I was pretty sure it was a bar of some sort the way it smelled of stale beer and bathroom. He took me down a narrow hallway to a door locked by a padlock. He opened it up and stopped me at the door.

"You don't get to walk in here. Strip and come in on your knees. You can put your clothes in the corner over there."

I was a bit confused, but I did as I was told and followed him in on my knees. He pointed to a spot near a desk, which he had sat behind. I kneeled in that spot as he logged onto his computer. I went to say something, but he shushed me, explaining this was one of his establishments and he had some paperwork to do. 

"Don't worry I got something for you to do, too. Be here in a few minutes, in fact."

Approximately ten minutes later one of the thugs, from the first night I met Terrence, came through the door. 

"T, what up!" he exclaimed.

"Damn, Leon, good to see you. We both running late tonight."

They did the one arm hug and fist bumped or whatever, made a lot of noise doing it, too. I kneeled there silently hoping Leon was just saying hello and leaving. I was getting pretty self-conscious sitting there naked on the floor at Terrence's feet, still half hard by the way. And who knew what Terrence's plan was with Leon.

"Damn T, you even brought your new blow job boy with you. What's the occasion?" Leon asked as he motioned to me and winked.

"Didn't want her to feel neglected by her Black Daddy, so I took her along for the ride. Why don't you keep her busy while I get this shit sorted out?"

Her??? Sheesh.

"You mean it, T?"

"Yeah, just don't be doing what you did last time, we lost that one remember?"

Leon laughed, "Nah, I'm cool, nigga, no more of that. I didn't know that one was so sensitive, ya know?"

"Right, you two run along, stay in the building though, I don't want you outside the place."

Leon assured him we'd find something to do here at his club and ordered me to get moving for the door. I went to reach for my clothes and was told I wouldn't need them. 

"Leave the clothes, cocksucker, we ain't goin far." 

See? 

Leon was not as big as Terrence was, in fact he was shorter than I was by an inch or so. He wasn't overly muscular however, he was well toned and in great shape. Everything about him was swimming in confidence. He was cool. Not the biggest guy in the room, but the coolest. I didn't like how I had come to meet him you know, through my dealings with Terrence, but I felt some sort of attraction to Leon.

He didn't lie, we went down the hall to another room. Looked like a place to stay the night, had a small bed and dresser. He ushered me in, I had crawled on my hands and knees. He didn't waste any time either, he slapped me on the ass as I went through the door.

"Look at me, bitch," he said and slapped me across the face, "no need to be shy, get Master Leon's pants off and free his black dick. You've been staring a hole in my crotch since I got here."

Sigh. "Master Leon," I thought. 

This was getting deeper, it was bad enough I was sucking Terrence's black dick at his whim, but now this guy, too? I positioned myself on my knees in front of Leon. He tilted my head up and made me look at him. He had a smug look on his face like he was doing me a favor. I unbuckled his belt, unfastened the button, and drew down the zipper. I grabbed the sides of his pants and pulled them down to his ankles. Leon slipped out of his sneakers, stepped out of his pants, and swept them out of the way with his foot. He stood there in his boxers and kept my gaze with his eyes for a stretch. 

"Well? This is where you ask Master Leon if you can take off his boxers, bitch."

I cleared my throat, "Sir, may I take off your boxers?"