 This is a fantasy that involves male-on-male action, forced sex, and some pretty dirty stuff. If you're not into that please move on. It isn't meant to be a great work of literature, it's meant to be a silly, crazy, over-the-top fantasy of mine.

*****

My daily run through the woods has turned into a forced gang bang with a group of young guys using me for their dirty sex fantasies. After grabbing me and fucking my ass hard and cumming in it, they've all just pissed up my ass, too! They're just coming up behind me as I'm slung over this railing with my feet off of the ground and sticking their little cock heads up my ass and filling me with their hot piss!! Man, that's so hot and so dirty, what a great feeling. I love feeling full like this and being used as a toilet! Their hot piss is filling my colon until it's full and then the next one comes up behind me and shoves his little dick up my ass and shoots his hot stream of piss up deep in my ass too! I bet not many rape scenarios are like this with four dirty, horny teenagers pissing in some strangers ass! 

Well, now that they've all cummed and even pissed in my ass I think that my ordeal may finally be over with, not that I want it to be. I've had this fantasy for so long, being used and abused by a group of nasty guys like this. But, this is my lucky day, one of them called a few of their other dirty, horny friends and said that they finally got "the runner guy" and to come down and have their turn with me. 

Now another dick is up my slippery, dirty asshole and this kid is pumping longer than he did before because he already shot a load of his teen cum up inside of me and he can fuck for a long time now. He's really ramming into me, holding onto my sweaty hips as I'm bent over that guardrail, just slapping his loins into my sweaty and sticky ass cheeks, but my ass is so slippery and full of teen sperm and piss that I can hardly feel it! 

As he's slam-fucking into me, he says, "Hey, someone else come here and see if we can both get our dicks in this guy's ass!" 

Whoa, they're going to try to slide two cocks into my ass!! 

"Move over, here comes another cock you dirty runner, mmmmmm.. man, I can barely get mine in there Dave with both of us being so close together, but it's going in, just barely!! Just my cock head is going in because you're hogging his asshole! Shit this guy's ass is tight! I wish we could all get our cocks in his ass at the same time! Mmmmm mmmmm mmmm.. so good.. so fucking .. tight!.. I might have to piss in your ass again before we're done with you, toilet-ass runner guy. We all drank a ton of water just in case we got the chance to use and abuse your ass like this, mmm mmmm mm r rrrr.. Toilet ass runner guy, dirty ass fuckin' runner, raping the runner's shitty, piss-filled toilet ass, finally! Maybe I'll shit on your ass too, toilet-ass. That's what you deserve for teasing us for so long, a nice, hot pile of shit. Maybe I'll shove it in your ass, too, and then pump it into the dirty mess with my cock. Would you like that runner guy?.. mmm mm.. rr.. mm.. fucking into your.. ass filled with my shit?.. rrr rrr uh..ahh.." 

The other guy with the cock in my ass says, "Hey, maybe we can get our dicks in him another way. His mouth is right at the perfect height as he's draped over the railing. Try to squeeze in here and see if you can find his mouth, Chad." 

"That's a great idea, Troy, I think I can actually.. mmm.. yeah, it's in! The nasty runner guy is sucking on my dirty, shitty cock!!" 

That Mike is a dirty little punk, always talking about pissing and shitting on and in me. I love it, being treated like this, it's a huge turn on for me.

All of a sudden, one of the guys that are fucking my ass yells, "I'm cumming!! I'm going to load your ass full of my hot cum again, runner guy! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRR rrrrrrrrrrr.. ohhhhhhhhhhhh.. man.. aaaaaaaaaaaa SLAP, you deserve a spanking for clenching your asshole and forcimg me to cum too soon runner guy!! SPANK!!" 

"SHIT, I'm cumming, too, right up his tight, dirty ass again!" SLAP, SLAP! 

"Me too, right in his mouth!" 

I can barely speak, "Bbbb... mmm... hey..bbbb.. uhhh.. uhh.. my ass is so full.. mmmmm.." 

"Shut up and take all of our hot dirty cum, runner guy.. AAAAA..mmmmmmmmm.. shit!" 

Oh oh, someone's coming down the trail! Now what?! 

Troy said, "Hey guys, someone's coming, let's get runner guy down under this bridge where we can keep having our way with his ass." 

"Good idea Troy, you get below and we'll grab him and lift him down over the edge to you." 

"Sounds good. Hey, his cock is as hard as a rock!! HA! Runner guy is enjoying himself getting fucked and filled with our piss and hot sperm! I told you he was probably a dirty, nasty, horny bastard, too! Look at his dick sticking out, hanging out over his tights! HA! I can't wait to see his cock fucking your ass Mike, you talked about that too. Maybe you can shit while we force him to fuck your ass!! I should suck his cock just to see what it's like.. mmm.. he's got so much precum, I bet if I kept it up any longer he'd shoot all over the place." 

Mike said, "Hey man, I'm ALL over that! I'd love to force runner guy to fuck my ass as I'm pushing out a big shit! And, then get him to shit while we take turns fucking his shitty ass!" 

Wow, these kids are sure dirty, nasty punks, but, I have to say that I'm so turned on by this dirty talk that I'm ready to force my cock into one of their assholes! So they grab me and lower me down to Troy and they all come down underneath the bridge. There's not much room down here, just about 3 or 4 feet of headroom, and it's all wet and muddy. All 4 of them are groping me and shoving their cocks into my ass as I'm lying on the muddy ground! My hard cock is poking into the mud as they stab into my ass with their dicks. It's just like a blowup doll that they're goin crazy on except that it's my asshole that they're poking into and abusing my poor little dirty asshole! There are now two little dicks up my ass at the same time again!

Troy lifts me up off the ground and turns me upside down! Then he takes my cock in his mouth again and starts sucking on it like it's a lollypop! I can tell that he's never done this before, so I grab his cock and show him how it's done! Needless to say, he shoots his hot load in my mouth within a few seconds! 

"RRRRRR AAAAAAAHHHHHHH! Damn! I'm comming in runner guy's mouth! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!! He's got a tight, hot mouth, too!" 

As he's cumming he's so shaken that he just sort of lays me down on the ground and I roll into the muddy swamp water, lying on my stomach with my ass sticking up in the air just waiting like a beautiful invitation for someone's hard cock looking for a home! I'm trying to get up and am on my hands and knees when two of them come over and push me back down, face down into the mud. One of them holds onto my legs and the other one lays on top of my ass, grabs my muddy hips and sinks his cock into my ass and starts pumping in and out like a machine! 

"RRRR!..he's still as tight as hell, guys.. mmm mmmm mmmmm.. Hey. I'm going to put some of this mud on and in his ass!" 

So he starts SLAPPING my wet ass and that stings!! He pulls his cock out of my ass and starts trying to push some swamp water and mud up my ass! 

"MMMMM, I think some of this wet mud is going in his ass! Hey, bring me that piece of hose on the ground over there, I'm going to siphon some of this dirty swamp water into his ass and then shove my cock up his shitty asshole as it's shooting out; this will be great!" 

He puts one end of the hose in the warm swamp water and starts sucking on it to get the water flowing and then when water starts coming out of the hose, he shoves that end up my asshole!! 

"YAAAAAA! Hey, water's going in my ass! I can feel the warm swamp water filling me up!! It's filling my ass up! Hey, I can't hold much more!! It's starting to leak out around the hose!! I'm so full, like getting an enema!!" 

Just then, Mike comes over and pulls out the hose and just RAMS his dirty little rock hard cock up my spurting ass! 

"MMMMM AAAAAAA, hey runner guy, what does it feel like to have shit and swamp water shooting out of your asshole as my cock is pumping into it at the same time?! This is the best fuck so far, runner guy! I love fucking your dirty, shitty asshole as your shit is coming out and swamp water is shooting out in-between my pumps!! I can't wait to shit on your ass and piss in your ass again."

"Mike, do you have to take a shit yet? Shit on runner guy and we'll push that up his ass too." 

"I do, watch out! RR...I'm sitting on runner guy's ass and taking a shit! Spreading his cheeks apart. I've wanted to do this for months too. Pissing and shitting in him!" 

Wow, I can feel his turd coming out right on my asshole too! Right in-between my spread-apart butt cheeks, pushing into my own asshole right from his!! 

"It's coming out! I'm shitting on runner guy! I'm pushing it up his ass too! It's packing in there!" 

Then, just like they talked about, Troy lifts up Mike and puts him on his hands and knees and lifts me out of the mud and lays me on Mike and I get the cue! I shove my cock right in all the way, his shit still on and IN my ass!! Right through that shitty mess and I start pumping!! 

"AAA!! Hey runner guy, not so fast! Shit your cock is huge compared to Troy's.. er.. I mean.." 

"Hey shit ass, now it's your turn to get fucked! So you've had Troy's dick up this tight little hole before, eh? I'm not surprised, he seemed like he knew what he was doing in my ass earlier." AH AH uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. rrr.. this little ass sure is tight.. nmmm mmm ohhh.. mmm..." 

"Hey, let me in that ass!" 

"Wait 'till I shoot my hot cum up there first, it won't be long!" 

"Ok runner guy, I guess you can have some fun too." 

"See, I knew I wouldn't last long! AHHHHHHHHHHH!! MMMMMMRRRRRRR!! WWWaaaaaaaa! take this sperm you dirty little punk! UUUUUUUUHHHHHHH!!" 

I shot a HUGE load of steamy sperm up his shitty ass! 

Now Troy's in my ass again, fucking and packing all the shit up my ass with his cock! Will this day ever end?