 This is a fantasy that involves male-on-male action and forced sex. If you're not into that please move on. It isn't meant to be a great work of literature, it's meant to be a silly fantasy of mine.




I've been in rural Iowa for the last few months working in a temporary office for my firm and it's been an adjustment. The food, the weather, the people; everything is so different here. It's fall now and the weather is starting to be a little crisp, temperature-wise. I can almost see my breath as I run, but I'm still sweating at the same time. I'm in my mid-40s and have been trying to keep in top shape by exercising and running every day. I'm proud of my physique but at the same time haven't been able to latch onto anyone here for a little wild sex. I would have thought that by seeing the shape that I'm in would have intrigued someone to want to get down and dirty with me. I've been with both females and males but it seems like this area is so prudish that I'd have to marry anyone before I could have sex with them. I need a hole to slide my cock into or need one sliding into my hole pretty soon (or, both) or I'll burst!

As I was out for a run yesterday I came up behind four familiar young guys who were walking on the trail. They looked like they were either freshman in college or older senior high school students. I've seen them quite a few times on this trail before as I run this way almost every day. Because this is a rural area in Iowa it seems like all of the young guys here are big and built from all of the heavy labor they do on their parent's farms. I knew that they could hear me coming up behind them running and panting.. h h h h h h h h... Little did I know that I would soon be panting from four young cocks pumping into my asshole! 

As I came up behind them, one of them turned to see who it was and then turned around again. We were all just a few steps from where the trail narrows and goes through the dark woods for about a quarter of a mile. I noticed that they all had baggy sweat pants on but I figured that maybe they just came from gym class or football practice or something. I didn't think anything about it when they started laughing and moving apart from each other, I just figured they did that so I could run in-between them and get past. I was soon to out that they had other ideas for me. 

Once I got around them, they started saying things to me; things like, "Hey, shake that nice ass, runner guy."

"Look at the runner's butt cheeks shake when his feet hit the ground...yeah, how'd you like to slap those little butt cheeks?!" 

"Nice black tights runner guy, we can see every jiggle your ass is making, it's really dancing!" 

"Yeah, I'd sure like to see how tight that ass is.."

I couldn't believe they were saying things like that to a total stranger! But, I found out later that those horny little punks knew that I ran by there at the same time every day and they always planned on being right there as I came running up on them. Naughty young guys! 

For months they had been fantasizing about forcing their horny little cocks between my sweaty ass cheeks as I ran by them and then pumping me full of their fresh, little loads of hot, young cum! Well, today would be the day that they would get to shove their little rock-hard-and-sticking-straight-out young cocks in-between the tight ass cheeks that they saw running by them every day. 

Little did I know that I was inadvertently teasing these horny little guys. They would go home and jerk off thinking about grabbing me and pulling my tight, black spandex pants down and spanking me out in the woods and then grabbing onto my sweaty hips and ramming their hard little dicks in-between my tight butt cheeks and shooting their hot little young sperm up inside of my asshole. Well, they wouldn't have to wait very long before their little fantasies would come true!

They had everything planned perfectly. Just as I ran in-between them, as I had done many times before over the last few months, they would yell those nasty things to see if I showed any interest what so ever. I couldn't disappoint them! As I got a few feet ahead of them, I pulled my spandex tights down and exposed my full, naked ass cheeks; glistening with sweat and now really looking good because the stretch pants were pushing them up from the bottom! I think they could almost feel their sweaty little cocks pushing in-between my sweaty ass cheeks and then grabbing onto them and really giving it to me! 

After I pulled my spandex pants down with my left hand I reached around and SLAPPED my jiggling butt cheeks a couple of times with my right hand, and grabbed onto my sweaty cheeks and spread my cheeks apart to show my tight little asshole. Uuuuu, that cold, fall air sure felt good on my hot, sweaty little gaping asshole! I did this all while still "sort of" jogging, but not going too fast, just in case anything good would come out of this. It almost seemed like some steam rose off of my hot and sweaty cheeks and asshole in the cool fall air.

As usual, I was horny as hell and I have always fantasized about being grabbed and spanked and forcefully fucked in the ass out in the woods by a group of strangers. Being dirty and nasty and being pushed down in the dirt and mud and fucked over a tree stump and that sort of thing. I fantasized about being a sex toy or having my ass used as a urinal by a group of nasty guys with dirty minds and creative ideas on how to use and abuse someone; someone like me.

We were all now just a few steps into the tight part of the trail where it goes into the super dark part of the woods for a few blocks and crosses a little creek and a swamp. They started talking again and I heard a commotion and looked back and they were all running towards me!! They were now finally going to have a tight, little hole to shove their hard, horny little dicks into, and it would be my tight, little hole which is the perfect size and tightness for their little inexperienced cocks. 

I pulled my pants up and started running again but they caught up to me up on the little bridge over the creek! The biggest, and oldest-looking, one of them grabbed me around the waist from behind and pushed me up against the bridge guardrail, pressing into me HARD and said, "not so fast runner guy, now we've got you where we want you, in the dark woods with nobody else around! We've been watching you run past us for months and we can't take it anymore! We're all going to use and abuse that little ass of yours any way we want to and I'm going first." 

I could feel his hard dick pressing into my ass through his sweat pants as he was grabbing me around the waist and hugging me tightly, almost dry-humping my from behind, lifting my feet off the ground as he hugs me as tight as he can. He must be a football player because he's so much bigger and more muscular looking than the other guys are. 

I found out later that he was still a senior in high school and was almost nineteen years old because of being held back a year. One other guy was also eighteen and two others were nineteen and graduated from high school last year.

This big, young brute was obviously strong enough to be able to lift me off the ground because that's what he was doing! This should be interesting... We all still had our clothes on, but I knew that this kid couldn't last too long if he kept this up, pressing his horny dick against my spandex-covered butt cheeks. 

He finally said, "you pulled your pants up too fast, runner guy, I think I'll see what that sweaty ass looks like up close. I could see it glistening with sweat when you pulled your pants down a few seconds ago." 

And with that, he put me back down so my feet were on the ground again and he grabbed my tight spandex pants and peeled them down over my bulging, sweaty butt cheeks, just keeping them under my ass so my cheeks really pushed up and together. 

One of the other young guys said, "That looks good Troy, give it to him, stick your cock up this guy's ass. Dude, we've talked about this for months now, let's fuck that ass! I'm next!" 

So Troy goes at it, giving my jiggling butt cheeks a good workout. SLAP! SPANK spank spank spank slap swat swat SWAT SWAT! He pushed me down over the fat, round, wooden guard rail on the creek bridge with my pants pushed down just below my buttcheeks and he gave me a good spanking! My feet were off the ground and I was holding onto the lower railing from the creek-side, just to keep from falling into the water a few feet below! My cock was hard as a rock at this point and it was straining against my spandex pants, wanting to SPRING out! 

Troy said, "Mmmmm, what a nice ass. Look at his cheeks jiggle when I SLAP them! Hey, check this out, I just shoved my finger up his asshole and it's closing right around my finger, man is this thing tight! It's like his asshole is sucking my finger! I bet he's a dirty one too like we all are. He probably wants to get fucked as much as we want to fuck him. Speaking of that, his asshole needs some lubrication.. Spit, spit.. hnnnnggg, SNAG!" 

He started spitting and hacking up snot and spitting it on my asshole! He egged the others on, "Hey, let's all hack up and spit on his asshole so It'll be good and slippery and we can all just ream his ass." 

I could feel all of them spitting and snagging on my asshole! It was hot and runny and was tickling my asshole as it ran down in-between my butt cheeks! I could feel fingers pushing the spit up my ass. I'll be super slippery now when he finally shoves his dick in there! 

Troy said, "I can't wait to shove my cock in this guy. You deserve this runner guy, always running by us with your butt cheeks dancing back and forth. SLAP!! Now.. rrrrr.. mmm.." He just shoved his rock-hard dick in-between my freshly-spanked red cheeks and all the way up my asshole in one shove! 

"Mmmmm, his ass is tighter than I thought it would be! Shit! I've got to cum already! I can't believe I have to cum already! Shit! Here it comes runner guy, I'm shooting my cum up your ass! AAarrrggggg.. ohhhhh.. he's clenching up his little asshole and milking the cum out of my cock, what a dirty bastard he is. You guys will love fucking this little hole." 

One of the other guys said, "No problem Troy, that's not the last time your cock will be up inside of that asshole, we've only just started fucking this guy. We've been talking about this for months, there's no way we're just going to fuck him once and let him go." 

So there I was, bent over this guardrail in the middle of the dark woods with nobody else around except for the other three horny punks who were all staring at Troy shooting his hot cum up inside my asshole. They had a glazed, crazed look on their faces. They looked like animals. I wasn't sure what to expect next. I knew that this would be the first time that their fresh little cocks had ever pumped cum into anything besides their smooth little lubed-up hands. Or, maybe a farm animal on their parent's farm. They all now had their sweat pants pulled down and their little cocks were sticking straight out, waiting to shove them up my ass. And, Troy, who definitely had the biggest dick of the four of them, was shooting his hot sperm up my ass. 

Finally, Troy quit ramming his spurting cock up my ass and backed away.

"I'm next!", someone said. SHOVE! In went another dick, this one was smaller than Troy's. This guy was humping my ass like a monkey, fast and furious. Slapping away at my sweaty, spit-covered buttcheeks at the same time. SWAT! SWAT! 

He said, "I love this, why didn't we fuck this guy months ago like we wanted to? I'm not going to last much longer.. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!! I'M COMING! I'm sperming up his dirty asshole! RRRR" He was grabbing onto my hips and RAMMING his little dick up my ass! 

"MMMMMMMM... aaaaaaahhhh.. man, that was way better than I ever thought it would be! What a tight hole this guy has! That was so much better than I thought it'd be, bouncing off of his sweaty butt like that." 

Troy answered,"No shit, man, I told you this would be great. I told you that he probably wanted us to force ourselves on him and to get fucked as much as we wanted to fuck him. He's a dirty little runner, let's pump all kinds of shit up his ass!" 

Hmm.. I wondered what else they have been planning? Well, the next guy was now pumping his sperm up my asshole already, that didn't take long! Now what? The last one was grabbing my butt cheeks and spreading them apart as hard as he can!!! I could feel something touching my asshole, it must be his little cock head. But, something felt weird. He started pissing up my ass!! 

He said, "OHHHH mmmmmmmmmm... man this is great! I've wanted to piss up this guy's ass since that first day seeing his jiggling butt run past us! I've seen this on the internet and it's so much better in real life! I'm filling his dirty, sweaty ass with piss!" 

The last guy said, "You're a dirty bastard Mike, but I just might do that myself now, why not, we can do anything we want to with him now, he's literally our sex toy for as long as we want to use and abuse him."

So now they're all pissing up my ass! Just coming up behind me as I'm slung over this railing with my feet off the ground and sticking their little cock heads up my ass and filling me with their hot piss!! Man, that was so hot, what a great feeling. I love feeling full like that and being used as a toilet! Their hot piss was filling my colon until it was full and then the next one would come up behind me and shove his little dick up my ass and shoot his hot stream of piss up deep in my ass, too! I bet not many rape scenarios are like this with four, dirty, horny young guys pissing in some stranger's ass! They were using my abused little asshole as a urinal like they were back in school in the locker room.

Well, now that they've all cummed and even pissed in my ass I thought that it was over, but it was just beginning. One of them called a few of their other friends and said that they finally caught me and to come down and try me out. Oh boy, what have I gotten myself into?