 I entered my apartment and quickly got undressed and hopped in the shower. I needed to wash this away and get the image of my mouth gagging on Terrence's black dick out of my head. Impossible task by the way. He definitely had a way about him that made me seemingly want to please him. Most likely it was the scare of getting my ass kicked by the thugs on the porch. Not really sure, but there had to be a way out of this. What did he mean by "I'll be in touch", I was sure I didn't want to see him again. I dried off and brushed my teeth and mouth...twice. I went to bed and tried to get some sleep; it was fitful at best.

I went to work the next morning the normalcy of it helped me put the night before out of my head for a bit. I kept telling myself it was a bad dream and all. I work in a cubicle at a national insurance company processing claims and other minutia. I work early and get out around two in the afternoon, as I approached my car I saw a flyer of some sort under the wiper. Figured it must be a Chinese menu or something. I pulled it out and got in the car to read it. 

"Bitch, stop by tomorrow after work, and don't try to pretend you didn't get this, there's more where it came from. Trust me, Black Daddy" 

I opened it up and it was a pic of me, eyes closed, lips wrapped around his massive dick. There was a string of drool dripping down my chin like I was really enjoying myself. My stomach dropped I couldn't for the life of me remember him taking pictures. I looked around the parking lot to see if anyone had witnessed this, luckily I work different hours than most so I was pretty much out there on my own. Why had I told him where I worked...?

That night and the next day took forever. I tried to think of a way out of this although I knew I had to see him, he had made that clear. I certainly didn't need that pic or any others getting circulated. I was hoping to reason with him, after all I'm not gay nor do I desire to continue doing anything more with him or his big black cock and balls. I got out at 2 and was a bit shaky on the ride to his place. I told myself he'd have to listen to reason and cut me loose, I was even prepared to offer him money. I had 300 bucks on me and hoped he take it and let me go. As I approached his door it swung open and he was standing there, basketball shorts, no shirt.

"Damn, bitch, you got over here fast," he said, "must be you missed this more than I thought." He grabbed his crotch pulling on his dick.

"Well, I was hoping we could talk about this, Ter..." Before I could get Terrence out I received a hard slap in the face.

"Bitch, I told you to call me Black Daddy."

My hand went to my face to rub the sting away. "I'm sorry, Black Daddy." I apologized, "But honestly I'm not gay and I was hoping you'd let me go, I mean you're a good guy and all, but I'm not interested in you like this." I fumbled in my pocket and pulled out the money and attempted to give it to him.

"Damn, bitch, you feel you need to pay Black Daddy for the privilege of sucking his dick! You really don't, but I'll take it if it makes you feel better." He grabbed the money out of my hand and tossed it on the sofa.

"Well, no, I was hoping I could give you some money and you'd let me, um, you know off the hook so to speak." I pleaded.

"Aw, come on now you're just getting started, don't you trust Black Daddy? I told you, you'd get to like it and I bet you're getting hard right now. Show me you're not and I'll let you go. Otherwise, you don't leave until I get the blow job you just paid for."

Now maybe it's the being cornered and dominated by a superior male or it was the way he was talking, but I was forming a noticeable tent in my pants and he could definitely see it. 

"That's it cocksucker, get on your knees and get busy. I know you've been waiting for this all day."

It's like being hypnotized, like there's no way out and I had to do it or he was going to really ruin my life. Or maybe I really wanted it, after all I was hard. At any rate, I dropped to my knees in front of him and pulled his shorts to his ankles. He laughed when his dick popped out and hit me in the chin. He took my hand and wrapped it around the base of his large cock, demonstrating how he wanted me to pump it, and guided my mouth onto the head. Slowly he started pumping it in and out of my mouth while I jerked him off. 

"That's it faggot, get it all nice and wet, play with your Daddy's balls."

I followed his direction and was thinking how nice he was being, not forcing me to gag, but letting me go at my own pace. 

"Take it deeper, bitch, swallow that nigga cock."

I slowly worked my mouth down the shaft finally reaching my hand on the base of his dick. I was working it further and further into my mouth, training my gag reflex to take it. 

"Lick my balls." He demanded.

I pushed his cock to his cut abs and dived right into sucking and licking his big black balls while I continued to work my hand up and down his cock. I could sense he was enjoying it or maybe it was the power he held over me, but it was like I could hear him smiling. It seemingly did not matter at this point, I really wanted him to get off. Maybe, if I did it right this nightmare I was in would end. He pushed his cock back down to my mouth, I took it back in and started to suck him with a flourish, still pumping him with my hand while my other hand cradled his ball sack. He was encouraging me the whole time, calling me a cocksucker, bitch, faggot, and anything else he could think of, somehow it made me work him harder. 

He finally knocked my hand away, grabbing me by the ears and pushing himself further and further in. He was fucking my mouth, pushing himself into my throat till I couldn't breathe, pulling himself out and then going right back in. I was gagging, choking, and drooling all over the place. My eyes were watering from the assault, but it really wasn't rough, it was paced and deliberate. 

"Here it comes faggot," he announced. "Open that cum bucket, bitch."

I open my mouth as wide as I could as he pulled out and started jerking his dick with a frenzy. 

"Oh yeah, here it comes!"

He started cumming, the first spurt hit me in the forehead, I could feel the rest splat all over my face. He came quite a bit. I could feel it running down my face.

"Open your eyes, cocksucker and clean this shit up."

His cock was staring me in the face, so I started licking it clean being sure to get his balls. 

"Get that cum in your mouth, bitch, don't waste the gift Black Daddy gave you now."

He laughed as I started wiping it into my mouth. I felt like a used slut, but somehow my cock was rock hard. 

"Now thank your Black Daddy, let him know you're grateful, bitch."

Did I really have to thank him? 

"Thank you, Black Daddy"

"I knew you'd like that, and you're getting better." He said, as a compliment, I'm sure.

He threw me a towel and told me to clean up the floor and my face. He then demanded my cell phone and the code to unlock it. 

He must have brought up the web engine.

"I see my bitch has been doing his homework." He laughed.

I had looked up a website about BBC worship the night before, I scolded myself for not deleting the history. 

"Now we have each other's number so I don't have to leave notes on your car." He tossed my phone back at me.

It buzzed, "Black Daddy has messaged you," it read. I let out a groan of some sort, but luckily he didn't hear it. 

"I've sent you the pics I have, now we have no secrets. You're welcome."

Sure enough there was like five, one with my face covered in cum. When was he taking these pics? There was no doubt whose face it was either. He had even made sure his black dick was in the picture. Guy had talent.

I heard myself thanking him again. What was wrong with me?

"I'm sure you've got shit to do, why don't you get out of here and I'll see you Friday. I'll be in touch with instructions." He said. "Don't think you can avoid me either, I have enough to start a Cocksucker Facebook page about you."

"Yes, Black Daddy. Thank you." Again? And what did he mean by 'instructions'. These were my thoughts as he showed me to the door. I hurriedly went down the steps as one of the thugs from the other night, whom I later learned was named Leon, and a female were coming up the walkway. I tried to keep my head down and keep walking. 

"Hey, I remember you," Leon exclaimed, giving me a knowing look and a wink as I looked up.

My eyes met the girl's he was walking with, they had hate in them like I had somehow insulted her. 

Nervously I tried to nod and break eye contact when she said, "I know what you just did you filthy fucking faggot!", and spat in my face. 

I put my head down feeling my face flush red and kept walking I could hear Leon howl in laughter. "Damn girl, he was just doing what was natural for him," he said, still laughing. 

I drove home with an erection and tried to tell myself I only blew him because I was being blackmailed. I had temporarily forgot about the 300 bucks I paid him. My cock stayed hard until I got home and I ended up jacking off to the image of me, on my knees, sucking Terrence's Black Dick. I felt a twinge of shame when I finished for getting so turned on at the thought of being Black Daddy's blow job bitch.