 I was anxious to get revenge on Doug from high school. He was on the varsity baseball team and was one of the fuckers that made my life miserable. Doug was known for two things around the high school. He was on the varsity team and he had a big dick. It really was a big dick! I mean huge! No matter what kind of pants the guy wore, you could see the bulge trying to break out. Doug thought that his big dick gave him some kind of privilege that made him better than the rest of us regular guys. He thought all the girls in high school would put out for him because the size of his cock. (I think that part was true).

Doug had me mesmerized by the bulge in his underwear. I couldn't stop staring at his mighty meat. When Doug would be strutting around the locker room, making the rest of us feel inadequate, his cock flopping from side to side, I had to work at not drooling. Of course, he would always have something to say to me about me having a small dick. It is normal, not small. But, to him, it probably looked small next to the extra-large cock he had stuffed in his pants.

I wasn't going to make the same mistake that I made with Rip when I had him down in the secret bunker under my barn. I tied him to this wood structure I made and tortured him for making fun of me in high school. Unfortunately, Rip got off on what I did to him and enjoyed the whole session. This time I was going to try something completely new.

My opportunity to capture Doug came after one of the high school baseball games. It was Friday evening and we were playing an enemy the Highland Hawks from the next town over. Baseball was a big event in a small town like Colt City. Everyone showed up for all the home games. During the season, at the barber shops or the auto parts store, the main topic was how our team was going to take the state championship this year. Everyone who had attended or was attending the school, plus their relatives showed up to cheer our team on.

After the game I followed Doug to the 7-11. Because the lot was full, Doug parked at the side of the building, left his truck running and disappeared inside to grab a six pack of bud. While he was inside I reached inside his truck and turned off the ignition and removed the keys and threw them just under the truck. When Doug came out, he jumped into the truck, realized the keys were gone and began looking around for them. Finally he got out and was looking for his keys and saw them under truck and reached down to get them. Once he was in a vulnerable position, I sneaked up behind him and stuck him with a syringe full of horse tranquilizers. This had worked on Rip, and it worked on Doug as well. Before Doug passed out, I directed him to my truck and drove him out to the ranch.

Once I got Doug to the barn and into the secret bunker,I stripped him naked and tied his ankles to the bolts in the floor. His legs were about shoulder width apart. I tied his hands together and put them on a hook over Doug's head. I pulled the chain and slowly pulled Doug's heavy duty body up so his arms were stretched above his head and his feet were solidly on the cement floor. Doug's chin was resting on his chest and it would be about a good hour before the tranquilizer would ware off and he would become conscious. I took a good look at Doug.

He was still in pretty good shape even though he had not played baseball for a couple of years. His career in construction was hard physical work. It kept him fit and he was still a lady killer. I could tell he worked with his shirt off, (so would I if I looked like him), because his back, chest and abs were a dark golden tan where his legs and butt were a much lighter olive skin color.

While Doug was hanging there I could see his big cock hanging heavily between his legs. I always wanted a close look at Doug's huge meat. I had quickly looked at his cock and bulging package countless times, but I never got the chance to really inspect it. Up close and personal. Now I had the chance. I went over and sat right in front of Doug. His big cock was close to my face. This is the chance that I always dreamed of. Having a big beautiful cock to touch and caress while the stud was helpless and bound. As long as Doug was unconscious, I was going to take advantage of the situation.

Doug's cock was so beautiful. It looked so delicious, so thick and so inviting. First of all being framed by Doug's beautifully muscular legs was superb. The hair on his legs was blond like the hair on his head. It was like having a dusting of fine golden fuzz that was as soft as cotton. Most of the hair was concentrated near his knees and lower thighs, but, the further you went up his thigh the more smooth skin could be seen and the sparser the hair appeared.

Having Doug's legs spread apart was a particular turn on for me. Many, many times I would watch Doug sit at his desk in class. He would lean back and balance on the back two chair legs while he spread his legs open wide apart. It was as if he was leaving enough space for some lucky person to stop, fall to their knees, and worship his dick in front of the whole class. Hell, I thought about blowing him in front of the whole class plenty of times. I think I would if Doug told me to do it! Maybe not, but I dreamed about him telling me, "Ryan, you want to show everyone what a homo you are? Drop to your knees right here and lick my cock through my jeans." Fuck, just thinking about it made my dick come to attention.

The bulge on the right inside seam was hard to miss. I stared often enough to know that I could see the outline of his balls and head of his dick through the worn jeans that he often wore. Occasionally, Doug would reach down with his right hand and cup his cock and adjust his meat so it was more comfortable. I also think he touched his dick, because he liked the felling of having such a fine piece of meat. Or, it could be a way of directing anyone who was watching to his thick piece of meat. 

Well, now I am actually sitting here between these muscular legs staring at his huge dick, just inches away from my face.

Doug's balls hung low in their sack. Each orb looking like a silk covered plumb in his loose skin. The left nut hung a little further down than the right. I thought it must have more sperm in it making it heavier. His ball sack was hairless and smooth. Doug had shaved his balls clean giving me the impression that he liked the feeling that he got when his smooth nuts rubbed against the rough fabric of his jock strap. I started to get hard imagining Doug running his razor over his balls. Paying attention to how his nuts looked. God, I know everyone else would. 

The way his balls were hanging so low so free between his wide spread legs was amazing.

I reached up with my left hand and lifted his left ball so I could feel the weight of his nut in my hand. The loose skin allowed Doug's nut to roll around while I felt it in my hand. It felt heavier and warmer than I had expected. I began carefully feeling his nut between my thumb and forefinger getting a sense of the thickness. Just having the opportunity of being this close was almost overwhelming. I lifted his nut up higher and leaned over and gently kissed his beautiful ball. It felt so right against my lips. I imagined spending hours kissing and worshiping Doug's bull balls. The manly smell that was enveloping my senses was intoxicating. Gradually the rest of the world was disappearing from my consciousness. There was only me and this all-consuming grade "A" hunk of virile man meat in my reality. I couldn't imagine a more perfect spot for me to be.

After kissing Doug's nut for a long while, I decided to pop his ball into my mouth. OMG! The slight masculine taste of having his ball in my mouth had me wanting more. I began rolling his giant nut around in my mouth savoring the shape and size of this one beautiful testicle. I pulled it far down into my mouth. I wanted so much to swallow this precious piece of this stud's anatomy. I alternately sucked his ball and rolled it around in my mouth memorizing the taste, the firmness and the amazing size of his monster sperm makers. I confirmed what I had thought. Doug's balls couldn't be hid inside his pants. They were too big not to be noticed. The mass of Doug's balls took up a great deal of space in his pants, and then there was the rest of his meaty cock jammed in there as well.

After a couple moments lost in worshiping God's most masculine essence, I begrudgingly let Doug's left nut slip from my mouth. I immediately lost the feeling of complete protection that I felt holding Doug's nut in my mouth. Holding him in such an intimate way with his most precious and sensitive part of his manhood on the tip of my tongue, made me feel connected to this muscular body. How I wished I could live with Doug's balls in my mouth.

I reached up with my right hand and grasped the loose skin of Doug's scrotum, between his balls and his gorgeous cock. My hand held the loose skin with ease. There was no pressure on Doug's nuts as they continued to dangle below my fist. The abundant length Doug's scrotum had, allowed his balls to hang low and swing freely with each manly stride of his muscular legs. With my left hand I reached up and put both sperm filled globes into the palm of my hand. They were a beautiful set of pure masculinity that any man would be proud of owning. I leaned forward and began tonguing each nut as if I was starving and each ball was food that would only be there for a brief moment before they would disappear.

I began sucking each ball into my mouth, one at a time, so I could give it the attention that it deserved. I wanted to intimately get to know each nut, each size, how each nut felt in my mouth and I tried to imagine the amount of sperm that would soon be coming out of each large muscle nut. I was hoping that I could gently suck the sperm out of each of his big balls. Instead of satisfying my lust for this incredible amount of male genitalia, I found I needed more of his cock. I needed more of Doug's pure male essence. I really needed a huge dose of Doug's thick sperm.

After I released Doug's balls I realized all the attention I had given to his manly nuts had warmed up his scrotum making his ample balls hang even lower than when I had started. Each nut looked a little larger, a little more, full of sperm. They seemed a little more ripe and ready to explode when the time was ready to release the pent up hot thick cum that I needed more and more every second.

I checked the clock and realized that Doug would not be waking for about 40 more minutes. This would give me time to closely examine his thick cock. Doug's cock was beautiful by any man's standards. It was thick, long and uncut. His foreskin hung 2 inches below the head of Doug's 6 inch flaccid cock. 

I had always wanted to play with Doug's foreskin. Those times that he stood in front of me with his cock in my face during high school gym class, brought back some bad memories. He was taunting me, making fun of me and embarrassing me in front of his friends. I rarely heard what he was saying to me, I'm sure it was something rude and demeaning. I couldn't hear him because I couldn't take my eyes off of his loose foreskin just inches from my face. While he was verbally abusing me, I was dreaming of reaching up and putting my fingers into his foreskin and pulling it wide apart. I would then slide my tongue in and around the head of his dick. I dreamed of the taste of his dick and the inside of his foreskin. Then I would hear everyone laughing and I would snap out of it just as Doug's beautiful piece of meat was walking away.

Now I had the chance to examine his thick piece of meat. I just sat there looking at the way Doug's cock hung over his nuts. The foreskin was hanging lower than each of his nuts. The thickness of his flaccid cock had me especially intrigued. Flaccid it looked to be about 3 inches across. Soft, his dick was bigger than most of the guy's erections would be. No wonder his pants bulged in the front. The guy was really huge. I leaned over and kissed Doug's cock. It seemed like that was a perfect introduction was to touch my lips to his manhood.

Next I began licking the length of his meat from top to bottom. I was getting it all shiny and wet. Without using my hands I tried to push my tongue under Doug's meat to lick the underside. I wasn't having any luck. I decided to chew on Doug's loose foreskin. Something that I had been dreaming of doing since middle school. I reached down with my lips and sucked the foreskin into my mouth and began running my tongue everywhere it would reach. Then I put his foreskin ever so carefully between my teeth and pulled on it a little. I started to notice that Doug's foreskin was disappearing. It was being pulled down onto his thickening shaft. Doug was beginning to get hard.

I pulled my face away from Doug's cock and sat back and watched as his cock began to expand. The head of his dick started to widen and the shaft started to fill in changing the shape of Doug's cock. I began lightly caressing the growing man meat and it resulted in the quickening of the process. His cock was now completely full of blood and stretching in every direction. Doug's cock had grown to an incredible nine inches long and 6 inches in diameter. I looked into Doug's face but his eyes were still closed and his head still hung on his chest. The man was still out.

I reached out with my right hand and grabbed the massive tube of meat. I slowly pulled the skin forward and the foreskin began to slowly cover the head of his cock. I leaned forward and licked the large head that was outlined through the foreskin. Then I let my tongue slide down his shaft and trace over every thick vein that I could reach. After a couple minutes of foreplay I noticed a thick drop of pre-cum hanging from his fat dick. I positioned myself directly in front of this massive masculine cock and opened my mouth as wide as I could. I slid my lips over the head of Doug's cock and let my tongue lick away the pre-cum. The taste flooded my senses with potent sperm that made me an instant slave to Doug's huge cock.

I began swirling my tongue around the thick head until I needed more in my mouth and I slid my lips open and began to slide my face onto the beautifully blue veined ridged piece of meat. When the head hit the back of my throat, I knew there was no way to get this thick dick down my throat. How could I make my throat bigger? I could only take about 5 inches into my mouth and it was jam packed. I had waited so long to have Doug's cock in my mouth and now I was going to disappoint him, by not taking all that he had to offer.

Not ready to give up I moved my mouth forward until the head was pressing against the back of my throat. I applied more pressure, but the dick still did not move down my throat. This time instead of pulling the dick out of my mouth I left it putting more pressure on the back of my throat. After I had gotten used to the pressure, I again pushed hard to move my face forward and I could feel the head began to slip farther down my throat. I couldn't believe I could get any more thick cock in my mouth, but now I proved that if I kept working my throat, I might be able to accommodate Doug's huge male muscle. I could still get a small breath through my nose so I decided to let my throat stretch slowly to accept the thick meat. I continued to run my tongue around the shaft as much as possible to savor the thickness of the veins and the flavor of this monster cock.

It wasn't long after that, I felt my throat stretch and loosen around the shaft. I pushed my face forward as hard as I humanly could and the cock continued to slide down into my throat. My neck was totally full. I reached up and felt my neck and I could feel the outline of the meat jammed inside. My nose was now against the closely shaved pubes that surrounded Doug's cock. I worked my tongue as much as the cramped space allowed.

I forced myself to relax, to feel the enormous cock in my throat. It was then that a feeling of complete surrender came over me. The cock felt like it belonged deep down in my throat. My throat felt satisfied and full. Like it was a cunt filled to the brim with a man's huge horse cock. I felt like I could die impaled on Doug's truly amazing cock and be happy dying in a place that seemed so right to me. 

I began to slowly slide the cock out of my throat. I could feel my throat pulling the meat back in. I was enjoying having something so thick in my throat coming out so deliciously slow. Once my head was no longer impaled on his beautiful maleness, I took a deep breath and began the slow decent back onto Doug's cock. This time there was no hesitation as his cock continued to push my throat apart and make room enough to accommodate him deep in my throat. Once it was all the way in I began pulling my face off his cock and then forcing my face back fully onto his cock. I continued doing this as I felt his cock get thicker and thicker the closer he got to shooting his load.

On my final trip slobbering on his cock I could feel the head stretch and the skin became ultra-smooth. I could feel and taste pre-cum leaking out his penis adding the much needed lubricant for my crammed throat. As my tongue slid down the bursting cock I could feel the veins expand to the point of popping. My whole body was focused on my throat. It was as if my whole body was a giant pussy gobbling up this massive meat to receive the potent sperm reward. Just as the exploding cock reached the farthest point inside my neck I felt the cock begin to spurt the first shot of cum. I felt the hot liquid slide down my throat and I began to cum so violently that I lost all control. Another giant rope of sperm erupted down my throat and I could only feel myself being impaled on this huge monster dick that I didn't deserve.

I began pulling off Doug's cock; I wanted to taste his muscle seed in my mouth. Before I got the head out of my throat two more spurts of sperm seed pushed into my throat. Finally as I got the huge purple head out of my throat and into my mouth, I felt the sperm forcefully hit the roof of my mouth and then another hit the back of my mouth and the third large rope of cum exploded into my gapping oral cavity. I had to get a breath so I sucked in the air and I could feel Doug's sperm being taken down into my throat. Somehow, I didn't need to cough, the sperm felt like it was supposed to be there. It was supposed to be in my stomach, in my throat, on my lips anywhere and everywhere. Doug's sperm from his humongous dick belonged wherever it landed. I was completely satisfied and in a state of extreme joy.

I looked up at Doug and he was still out from the tranquilizers I gave him earlier. I kept thinking what a wonderful, overpowering experience that I had with that mystical dick. I learned on thing. Doug really is special. He deserves the attention he gets.

I didn't want to change the dynamics of the experience, so I lowered Doug down and untied him. I dressed him back into the clothes he was wearing when he arrived. I loaded Doug into my truck and drove him back to the store where we had left his truck. When we got there I loaded Doug into his truck and decided that as far as he knew, this little adventure never happened.

Once again, my idea of revenge did not turn out the way I expected. I didn't dislike Doug anymore. In fact, after being so intimate with him, I kind of liked him, or maybe just his body. At any rate, any time he gave me a hassle in the future, I could forgive him. After all bigger is better!

I still needed to deal with the others on the varsity team. They still needed to be taught a lesson for disrespecting me when we were in high school. Phil was the next guy on my list. His dad was one of the bigshot scientists who worked at the championship stud farm in Colt City. Phil had the best batting average of anyone in the county. Some said his dad supplied him with steroids to give him an edge. Regardless, Phil's day of atonement is close at hand.