 I grew up in a small town in Utah. The population of Colt City was about 7500 citizens. Most everyone was in the ranching or farming trade. In middle school and high school I was in the choir and a member of the national honor society. I didn't like sports and hated gym class. I was smaller than most guys my age and was bullied from elementary school right up to graduating my senior year of high school. I liked school but hated the bullies that continuously verbally and physically abused me.

It was the popular guys who found the most pleasure in stuffing me in my locker or stealing my lunch money. It was the jocks! The baseball team players were equal opportunity haters. Over the years these school big shots came up with new ways to humiliate me. Anytime that they had an opportunity to embarrass or demean me in front of my peers they would.

The team was made up of the all American type of man-boys. They had the IQ's of high school boys, but the bodies of grown men. They had thick muscles, blond hair and big dicks. They had the looks, the skill and the attitude that the cheerleaders found irresistible. Why these hunks that had everything going for them had to be assholes, I'll never figure out. I couldn't wait until graduation so I could move away, attend college and be rid of these class bullies. Fuck, I hated their guts!

A week before graduation my loving parents were killed in an automobile accident. I inherited the 200 acre horse ranch where I grew from a boy into a man. Out of respect for my parents I decided to become a responsible citizen and keep the ranch running and successful. I wasn't able to leave town as I had planned. The bullies were still there, just a little older, and now a little, more sadistic.

I had dreamed and plotted in my sleep for years what I would do to those muscle heads if I ever had the chance. Being alone on the ranch, I had plenty of time to hatch a plan to get even with each member of the baseball team that kept me from enjoying my high school years. Rip Steel was the first of a long list of hunks who were going to pay for their years of cruel embarrassment that they had caused me. I wasn't going to stand for mistreatment from anyone, anymore!

One night I was coming out of the Farmer John's grocery store and I passed Rip going in. I tried to ignore him by averting my eyes and walking quickly. "Hey you faggot! You're still the disgusting peace of shit that you were in high school," he said loudly so his friends could hear. Everyone laughed. I kept walking to the car where I smiled to myself. Tonight, Rip was going to pay! Muscular, blond, jock stud Rip was going to pay! He would be sorry!

That evening I got the secret room underneath the barn set up for teaching Rip a lesson. The room used to be a root cellar that my grand dad had converted to a bunker during the cold war back in the 1950's. Now the concrete structure was being used as a place of complete privacy that no one new about except me. It was sound proof and well disguised, making it a perfect place for me to keep those who needed to be taught a lesson, captive.

I grabbed the syringe that I had filled with horse tranquilizer and headed over to the local watering hole where the varsity baseball team spent their Friday nights drinking and picking fights. I waited outside the "Boot Kicking Saloon" for Rip. I knew he was in the bar because his truck was parked in front. Drunk, clumsy, and alone, Rip staggered out of the bar and headed for his truck. He stopped on the way to take a piss on the tires of an old Buick. While he was zipping up, I crept up behind him and stabbed him in the neck with the syringe and quickly injected him with the animal tranquilizer. Rip never knew what hit him. He started to stumble, but I directed him to my old farm truck and shoved him into the cab. Drugged and plastered Rip slumped over onto the seat and began snoring away.

I had always admired Rip's muscular body. He was plenty bigger than me. His physical size and his larger than life cocky captain of the baseball team personality were intimidating to me. Although I hated him, he was in my opinion one of the finest men ever produced from Mustang High School. He had every physical trait that a woman could want. He had slept with all the cheerleaders and some of their mothers. He thought he was God's gift to women. He was right! He also had every trait that I wanted in my fantasy man, muscles and a big dick. Unfortunately, Rip grew up in a privileged family. His dad was the mayor of Colt City and Rip was his pride and joy. Rip always had the prettiest girlfriends, the best cars and plenty of money to spend on whatever he fancied. For some reason, Rip got the most satisfaction from being a bully, picking on those smaller or poorer than him. That was all going to change tonight. Rip will be singing a different tune when I am through with him!

When I got Rip into the underground room and stripped him of his clothes, it was clear to me Rip had been hitting the weights hard since graduating. His chest had filled out and his legs were thick. He must have been really working his arms because his biceps and triceps were pumped up and well defined. His dick was maybe a little larger than it was in high school. I used to watch him swagger around the locker room with his big cock swaying from side to side. His balls were hanging loose and low. Several times while I was sitting on the bench getting dressed, Rip would walk up to me naked and stop in front of me with his big dick in my face and say something about me needing his dick. Something degrading and mean, all the jocks would laugh and I would turn red. I guess the reason I turned red was I thought he was one beautiful man. I would have loved to chew on his loose hanging foreskin and feel the weight of his big balls in my hand. If he wasn't such an asshole!

I maneuvered Rip over to the large "X" structure that I had made out of 2 X 6 pieces of lumber. I had added foot rests for his bare feet to stand on. Once he was in place with his back against the large "X". I strapped his legs to the boards. Then I reached up and strapped each arm to the structure as well. One more strap for around his trim waist and he was ready. Rip's body was now stretched in an "X" shape. His ample nuts and his thick flaccid dick were hanging between his wide spread legs. I pulled the rope and the "X" began to rise into the air. I wanted Rip suspended in the air while I punished him for all those years of cruelty. 

While he was still out of it, I got the quick release metal ring that was about 1" in circumference and I forced the head of Rip's dick through the ring. I then worked the ring down to the base of Rip's beautiful cock. It was my make shift cock ring. The fit was snug on his thick cock. The ring was designed to be too small for his big man cock. It was part of my plan. 

Now, that I had Rip's beautiful body hanging in the air, I got a bucket of water and threw it into Rip's handsome face. Rip jerked awake and spit and sputtered while he oriented himself to his surroundings. "Where the Fuck am I," Rip roared! He recognized me, "Its you, you fucking pecker head. Let me loose. I'm going to kill you!" I laughed. Rip is naked, tied up helpless in my bunker and he is going to kill me. I don't think so. 

"Shut the Fuck up Rip," I snarled. "Tonight is payback for the way you have picked on me since elementary school!"

"Let me go you fucking asshole. When I get down from here I am going to whoop your ass," he said.

I walked up to him, my face just inches from his, and I grab his nuts in my hand. I squeezed them hard. "Shut up or I'm going to crush your nuts," I said menacingly. Rip struggled to free himself from the confines of the "X", but to no avail. Rip stares me in the eyes as I hold his nuts. I yank the sack down and Rip's face contorts. I squeeze Rip's nuts harder and say, "I see you've been working on your chest Rip. Your pecs are really getting big. Your nipples are beautiful. I drop his nuts and reach up and slide my hands across his well-defined chest. I pinch his nipples lightly. Rip gives no reaction. I can see the anger in his eyes. I gaze more intently into his eyes and pinch and twist his nipples hard. Still there is no reaction from Rip. Then I lean forward and kiss his nipples and suck them one at a time into my mouth. Rip grimaces. I look down and Rip's cock is beginning to fill out.

"So you like that you faggot", I say. "Your cock seems to be saying you like having me kiss your chest."

"Fuck you," he yells. "Keep your faggot lips off my chest you cock sucker."

I lean my head forward and begin kissing all over Rip's smooth muscular chest. Rip struggles against the straps that are holding him unto the "X". I suck his left nipple in my mouth and flick my tongue over the now hard nipple. I look down at Rip's dick and it is now starting to arch away from his body. "I knew you were a faggot Rip. Look your dick is getting hard because I'm kissing your chest."

Rip looks down and sees his dick is reacting. "Fuck you! You disgust me you homo. Let me go."

"I'll tell you what Rip. When your dick gets soft, I'll let you go. But as long as you like being my fag boy and your cock stays hard, you're going to stay right where you are," I say with a smile on my face. I reach down and gently caress his fat balls. I look him in the eyes and I taunt, "You like this Rip. Are you getting turned on?" Rip's cock is now starting to straighten. The metal ring is squeezing the base of his dick tightly. No blood will be able to escape his cock. I begin to lightly stroke Rip's cock. I can feel it getting harder in my hand. "I thought so Rip. You like this. You are getting off on this. Your dick is getting really hard." "Look who's the faggot now," I laughed. 

Rip looks at his hardening dick. "Damn you Ryan, I fucking hate you," he yells.

"I guess the truth comes out Rip. You are a fucking faggot. I knew the first time I saw you, that you liked dick," I teased. "Let me see what else you like you big pussy!" I knew Rip was straight and that he had no control over his dick getting hard. The cock ring was trapping the blood in his engorged cock and there was nothing he could do about it! This trash talk was just a way to humiliate the bastard. To let him know how I felt all those times that he had harassed me.

I knelt down in front of Rip so that his cock is in front of my face. It is thick and meaty and now is standing straight out from his body. God, it is a beautiful cock. The over sized head was shaped like a helmet and was deep red. His shaft was long and thick. Heavy veins were showing making his dick look mean and masculine. It was a cock to be proud of. "Rip," I said. "Your cock is huge. You should be so proud of how thick it is. I bet you can fuck the hell out even the loosest of those whores that you let hang all over you. Just think how big it will get here with me, having sex with a man. This is your chance to show me that you really are a homo. Show me that you really like dick. You really are a faggot Rip! A real live man loving cocksucker," I snarl as mean as I can muster.

I reach out and gently stroke Rip's thick cock. The ridges of the veins on his cock are jutting out as more blood is entering his dick. The head is getting fatter and it is turning from deep red to dark purple. I begin stroking Rip's cock, gripping it harder to force his cock to thicken, wondering just how wide this bull cock will get. It is a beautiful cock. Its hard as a rock and thicker than I had ever seen. I can't wait another second and lean forward and begin to kiss and lick Rip's huge fucking dick. 

The taste is incredible, it taste manly and primal, just like Rip himself. Right then, I lose my rational thought. I only know that my tongue is tracing the veins on Rip's cock. Its as if all my senses are gathered into my tongue as I continue to worship his thick shaft. I lick the shaft just under the head of his dick. I know that is the most sensitive part of a man. I nip at it with my lips and then softly with my teeth. His cock has grown thicker. Stimulating Rip's cock has brought more blood into his shaft. It is now bulging with huge blue veins set on top of his abnormally thick cock. The head of his dick is almost a purple-black color with the skin so tight that it pulls his piss hole open. His dick looks like it belongs to Frankenstein it is so hugely distorted.

I can't resist and I dip my tongue into Rip's pee hole and move it back and forth to get as much of my tongue in as possible. I savor the wonderful taste of pre-cum. I look up at Rip and he is silently watching me as I tease his dick with my mouth. "You ready Rip, are you ready for me to slide your huge dick into my mouth?" Rip slowly and reluctantly shakes his head yes. Rip's eyes are glazed over. His huge black pupils stare blankly down at me. I spread my mouth open wide as possible and I take the angry head into my mouth and close my lips around it and suck and then swirl my tongue around like it is a giant all day sucker. I look up and I see Rip squirming while drool starts to slide down his chin. I pull my mouth off his cock and I hear Rip let out a big sigh. 

I reach between Rip's muscular legs and I grab his hefty balls in one hand. I squeeze lightly and I watch as Rip's cock jerks from the sensation. I reach down and pick up a shoe lace and wrap it around his right egg shaped nut. Then I wrap it around his sack a couple times then I around his large left nut. I tie them off.

I stand back and look at Rip fastened to the "X" with his muscles stretched so tight. His outrageously inflated cock is as hard as cement. The beautiful plum shaped head topping off his profuse dick looks like it is going to burst. I notice a single drop of pre-cum hanging from Rip's mighty dick. "Hey Rip, you like this attention to your faggot cock? I see you have pre-cum already coming out of your cock," I laugh.

His nuts are trussed up and separated by the shoe laces and looking fat in their tight skin. I then hook a clip to the loop that I had left on the shoe laces and load it up with an empty bucket that I use in the barn. I let go and it starts to swing freely from Rip's nuts. I drop one of Rip's size 17 extra wide basketball shoes into the bucket and it instantly stretches Rip's nut sack toward the floor. I add the second huge shoe into the bucket and his scrotum hangs pulling his nuts farther from his body. Rip softly moans. I give the bucket a push and it begins to rock between Rip's legs. I watch Rip's face as he stares at the bucket swinging from his nuts. Rip's mouth is slightly open and drool is now dripping from his mouth and landing on his chest. I can see in Rip's eyes that he is afraid and that he is turned on. I hear him whisper, "Oh my God Ryan. What are you doing to me? Ryan, my cock is going to explode! Please man, let me cum!"

"Not yet Rip," I say sadistically. I slide my mouth over his huge purple head and place my hands around Rip's swollen cock. I begin to jack his dick squeezing hard with both hands as I suck on the head of his dick. Each time on the upstroke I force more blood into Rip's expanding cock. It now has grown as thick as a coke can with massive road maps of blue and purple veins crisscrossing his bursting shaft. The head is no longer fitting in my mouth so I start licking and biting his foreskin as I continue to force blood into his coke can cock. "You ready for this you faggot? Are you ready for your faggot cock to shoot your thick sperm?" I can tell Rip is going to pop at any second. His breathing is erratic and his body is tensed.

Without warning I suddenly flip the quick release on his cock ring and jack him faster. Rip roars with pain, "aaahhh...#@$%%>, FUCK!!" as the blood painfully rushes out of his engorged cock filling the deprived area where the cock ring was located. Rip screams again, "aaaahhh...&^%$## as a monster spurt of cum erupts out of his insanely huge cock. Then Rip screams again as another rope of cum shoots out of his giant cock. Then again and again and again he bellows, as more cum than I had ever seen erupted like a volcano from his purple headed man meat! After his climax started to subside, Rip began to cry softly. He can't seem to form any words. He just stared blankly ahead as his cock slowly stops it's spasms.

Finally after a couple of minutes Rip catches his breath and regains some sense of composure. He surprises me by saying, "Mother Fucking Bitch! That was fucking awesome! I have never cum like that before in my life! Damn I couldn't believe you got my dick so huge and the way you pulled on my nuts was fucking hot! When you took off that cock ring it hurt like a mother fucker and that's why I screamed the first time, but right after that when I started to cum more than I ever had, I screamed not because of pain, but because I have never had an orgasm as fucking intense as that one. It's like a super charged orgasm. I couldn't stop screaming!" Rip is all smiles and really seems, I guess, happy!

This is not the reaction that I was expecting from Rip. He wasn't supposed to like it. He was supposed to learn a lesson from it! Fuck, now what should I do? I reached down and lifted Rip's cock and balls in my hands. "Your cock is still big man. It will stay that way for a couple of days before it deflates back to normal," I explained. "Also Rip, just so you know, I recorded the whole session. It is already stored on the cloud so it can't be retrieved without my password. My intention is to keep this whole business between the two of us. I will only put it on the internet if you give me a reason. The next time you see me, I expect you to treat me with respect. Do you understand?"

"Sure I understand Ryan," he said. "You are blackmailing me so that I am nice to you in public. No problem there. It worked," he smiled. "Do you think I can get a copy of that video?" What the Fuck? I think. Damn! He wants a copy of the recording. I unfasten Rip's hands and feet from the "X" and give him his clothes and a ride back to the bar so he could get his car. Before Rip gets out of my car he says, "I'll treat you as a friend from now on Ryan, but, that was so fucking hot! I tell you what. I'll give you $100 for a copy of that video. You can keep the original I just want a copy for my personal use. I'm sure I'll be beating off to that session for a while!" 

I did say I would make Rip pay for the way he disrespected me growing up. But, money, I never thought he would pay me money! I am sure I won't have any more problems with Rip. In fact, I think I made a friend.

On my drive back home I thought, I still have eight more members of the varsity team to deal with. I better come up with a different approach. I'm going to tackle Doug next. He has the biggest dick of the group. I'm looking forward to teaching him a lesson.