 After finding more free time on a Wednesday, in part due to my wife having serious back pain, the opportunity to revisit a downtown porn booth/glory hole around lunchtime was impossible to resist.

I first spent an hour or so working in the forest, drinking a cold pint of beer, then drove downtown. I was wearing jeans, a flannel shirt, and old down jacket from the mid-1980s, and hiking boots, pretty much what I have always worn when doing such work.

The park house next to the shop made for quick access to its brightly lit sales area. Now running low on condoms, particularly of the type from the last time I visited the public health office, shopping for more was necessary. Unfortunately, the selection wasn't that good, and the ones I have grown to favor when sucking a man off weren't on sale.

I still wanted to see a man getting off in a glory hole, and the three connected booths certainly offered the potential, even if it hadn't happened in a couple of visits. And since the place was a 'cinema,' there was an admission to pay, not coins or bills to deal with.

The viewing booth area was changed and enlarged. A fact which was apparent when looking for the toilet. While looking for it, I passed through the newly built sections. One was simply a large space, with a few stools strewn around, a large screen with a naked group, one woman and several men.

One good sized room had a sling seat in it with a couple of almost 2 foot high cubes  Another room had a table hanging from chains from the ceiling, and in the corner what looked like shackles or restraints. There was also a dark room with a dim blue light (whose special purpose remains unknown to me).

After using the spotless and tasteful bathroom - obviously part of the rebuilding, which must have been very recent, I returned to the glory booth section, where one end booth was already occupied, leaving the center and other end free. I went into the center booth, and noticed that the opening had been considerably enlarged in a clover leaf pattern. The change was just a touch depressing, as one of the things that appealed about this place area had been its comfortably worn age. I went into the other end booth, which was playing some mildly erotic gay porn, and completed my normal preparations, then moved the chair so as to lean against it while standing in silhouette to the opening.

After a short period of stroking, I had started to get hard, but the middle booth remained empty. But the knowledge that I was likely teasing another man provided enough kinkiness to get me solidly hard, which led to deciding to stick my cock through the hole into the empty space after doing a hit of Rush. Though I do show off at times, it also tends to feel private in some way, and not something as explicit as putting my hard cock through a gloryhole for anyone to see. After breathing in, following a few last increasingly glorious strokes, I put my cock through, holding on to the root with my thumb and index finger, my fingers cupping my balls. Exhaling, thoughts of male sex filled my brain, and I started to move, imagining what it would be like to have a man on the other side.

Of course, there was a man on the other side, so to speak, and part of the enjoyment came from knowing he probably was watching. As the feeling subsided, I pulled my cock back, still hard. After a brief moment, a door opened, then the middle booth was filled by someone, who closed and locked the door. My excitement was still at a high pitch, and I put my fingers through, hoping to suck another man's cock. What followed was a quite small and flaccid cock, with some sort of ill fitting black rubber ring sitting at about the middle of the shaft. I really couldn't figure out whether he was wearing a half unrolled condom while playing with his cock.

I let saliva fall into my palm as I kept handling him, but he never really grew hard. After several minutes, and several applications of more spit, I finally decided that he wasn't wearing a condom, that he wouldn't get hard, and that this was becoming somewhat futile from my perspective. I stopped, put on my coat, and left the booth.

Walking around, still hoping that either the middle booth would be free soon or else some really hot porn would be playing, I noticed a man in the room with the sling, while the other spaces remained empty while briefly entering and exiting them. I watched the porn in the occupied room for a bit, showing a man being fucked, without really even glancing at the figure also watching the screen. A few of us had been wandering around without real purpose, at best just registering the other strangers in the spaces, in that somewhat furtive way of glancing as discretely as possible in the obscuring dimness, as if not looking at anyone except fleetingly was the same as not being noticed by them.

The door to the middle gloryhole remained closed, and after maybe 10 minutes of looking at the other porn movies in various booths, it was clear that it would remain occupied longer than I had any interest in waiting. Several men had already seemingly drawn the same conclusion, having drifted in and out of the two end booths.

This bookstore's porn has never been all that interesting (leading to the 10 year gap between first and second visit), and I was ready to admit that it seemed nothing would happen this time either. Not every glory hole visit ends in delight, and the change in the place's character was mildly disappointing.

Nonetheless, walking around a last time, if only to see if the middle booth would finally be free, made sense to my still horny cock. As did using the bathroom to wash my hands. Walking slowly back, when I looked in the room with the sling, the same man was there, still watching the basically life sized ass fucking, his cock free of pants, standing straight, being nicely touched. I stopped, focussing almost completely on his cock in the low light, but after a bit, kept moving on, noting how empty the this side of the shop was.

Coming out of the bathroom, the view into the room with a sling was almost direct, though the sling itself was hidden. But obviously occupied, as I could see a length of jeans clad legs and feet in white running shoes gently moving on the ground.

My pulse quickened even as my step slowed when it became apparent that the same man was now reclined in the sling, stroking his cock comfortably, clearing turned on. At this point, I decided there would be at least one more chance to enjoy Rush, and ducked quickly into an empty booth to do a hit.

After breathing the aroma in deeply and hurriedly closing the brown bottle, I quickly walked to the room, the familiar excitement starting to overwhelm me. Settling against the back wall, my pants were quickly open. Which led to my fingers wrapping themselves against my swelling cock, followed by jerking it while staring at the stranger floating about a yard away. I put a leg down on one of the cubes, and was surprised at how far my knee sank into its softness. I also noticed his coat on the next stool, while my down jacket was open.

I looked at the porn briefly, which was still showing a cock sliding into a willing ass, and then started to get hard as a certain awareness started to flood my being - I was in a room with a man who likely would be my partner in pleasure. He turned the sling slowly, ending up facing me with his erect cock. My own arousal was growing overwhelming as Rush's name made itself obvious, wild thoughts like kneeling and worshipping a stranger's cock with my mouth rising, but I was still hesitant. After all, this was a public space, and my previous experience with Rush had provided enough practical awareness of how quickly inhibitions and caution disappeared in the pure thrill of sex with another man.

I glanced at his face, making brief eye contact which led to my noticing more of the man I had just thought about sucking off. He seemed middle-aged, wearing a hooded sweatshirt, very roughly my size. As my cock grew rigid in my slowly pumping fist, he stood, rising from the sling, his jutting length approaching me. I stared at his crotch, knowing that soon, my hand would replace his. This time, being honest with myself, I had gone looking for a man to have sex with, and now, his hand was touching my cock, making me pant and reach out in turn. My left hand rose to his neck, pulling him closer, as his hand continued its magical exploration of my exposed length. Time started to fragment, as impressions surfaced between new sensations.

The public aspect was somewhat different, and not completely comfortable, even with my back to the wall, facing the somewhat less dim entrance so that nothing could really be a surprise. Or at least unexpected.

My hand rose to his head, making his neck exposed to my tongue, and I touched his cock as my tongue started to caress his skin. He started moaning when my lips, and then my lightly biting teeth, followed along his neck. I slid my hand from his head down to his bush, and then started raising his shirt and undershirt, until his nipple was exposed. My fingers began to tease him at his chest, as my kissing along his neck grew wetter and sloppier as he kept playing with my turned on rod.

In public view, till now little had been voiced, our bodies clearly expressed everything we wanted from the beginning - getting off so easily with another man, and maybe not so privately. His body was in front of me, somewhat screening the entrance whenever I buried my face along his neck or ears.

Turning him towards me, my hand raised his shirt so my tongue could find his small but hard nipple, very unlike a woman's. He slumped as my tongue flicked over the top of his sensitive skin, while my teeth began to press lightly. His hand flustered away, resettling over his cock, which my hand now left, finding its familiar rhythm on my cock as I began to take him completely over the edge which makes sex with a man so unstoppable.

I can't resist jacking off when my nipples are played with, and the same seems true for all the men I have done it to. And it has been a mutual weakness, as they have done the same to me. Each woman is different in my experience, but it seems as if men are simpler in their desires and responses. Which is one reason such games as we were now playing remain so popular.

He  turned when I paused in making his nipples the center of my attention, and our hands again found each other's cock, experiencing the soft skin over rigid desire of a turned on man. He hadn't shaved, which meant my mouth didn't stray much from where it had been, but my motions were having a clear effect as his mouth opened beggingly and he kept moving his body to get closer to my turned on cock.

Again, certain practical thoughts intruded, especially the fact we were still both clothed, and how perfectly easy it would be to rub our cocks until cumming freely. Something deeply desired, but dealing with clothes with fresh semen seemed a reason to keep him from tumbling me over into something which hadn't been a consideration the first time I kissed a man - that theater complex had private rooms, and we were naked in one for most of our time together. 

After a couple of minutes of heavy breathing and almost hissed repetitions of 'yes ... yes', he turned away as I began to lick his nipple wetly, my tongue flat and sliding over the surface, having found enough concentration to pull his shirt up on that side. He had kept stroking my cock, but now, the grip changed. At this point, he got down on his knees, and started sucking me before I had really grasped what he was doing. Not that I needed to do anything but enjoy, of course, which was the whole point. Though already, a certain warning began to flicker - I hadn't really wanted to have any sex without a condom, and already I was being gloriously cocksucked by a stranger in an open room. Wanting whatever further pleasures we could discover, as it was obvious we could not stop now.

The hand that had been on his head and neck returned, feeling him move against my captivated cock, liquid motions of his wet and willing mouth. My eyes had been fluttering open and closed since the first touch of his lips on my cockhead, and the moans in the room had to be mine, since his mouth was filled with my delighted length. After a fantastic interval of luxurious mouth fun which left me with my legs spread widely and half bent, back against the wall, he stood again, his hand now sliding the full distance of my shaft, from its base to cock tip. Only slowly did I recognize that a third man was standing inside the entrance way, and that right now, my slippery wet cock was in his full view, along with my own hand wrapped around the standing stranger's cock.

Growing aware of another man's attention to our game, my thoughts were dissolved in the continuing sensations of lubricated stroking. I pulled him against me again, to be able to tongue his neck and ears, my teeth alternating with my lips. After a while, the third man was standing next to us, though separated from me by my new found partner. He looked at both of us, then sank to his knees in front of us. He reached up, touching me briefly as my own hand withdrew from a rigid cock, and looked hungrily at the cock, as I looked down at his lust filled face, most likely an accurate reflection of our own appearance.

After looking on as another stranger joined our games by going down on a hard cock I had just been fondling, my lips returned to the first man's neck while my hands again sought his nipples. Everything till now had seemed very natural, from the point I had decided to at least see what it would be like to do a hit of Rush in a semi-public space clearly designed with gay sex in mind. The reality of what we were doing was still hotter than what I had ever imagined, and I knew now why once you experience it, you just want it again.

I could tell when the new man's lips started to find their rhythm on my partner's cock as he moaned and leaned against me. His hand on my cock started to squeeze and loosen mindlessly, obviously drowning in the same pleasure I had been lost in just moments ago in his mouth. My fingers were rolling his small but stiff nipple as the second man began to suck greedily. 

After some undefinable period, we had shifted a bit, so that my cock was between the first man's ass cheeks while his cock was still being sucked. As he slumped even more, I began to squeeze his chest, my mouth driving against his neck while my half hard cock slid downwards. He began to talk in a husky whisper, words like 'fuck me ... fuck my ass ... oh yeah' tumbling out as his hand started playing with my balls. 

At this point, a minimal level of caution returned, and I replied in an equally husky whisper 'condom ... wait ...' as he began to slide my cock around his ass. This invitingly enjoyable experience wasn't quite enough to distract me from reaching into my coat pocket and pulling out a condom package, which I opened, hurriedly, with clumsy force. Putting it on was fairly easy, even though it wasn't lubed - I had bought these with cocksucking in my mind. Since that first time a man's ass had been offered at my first gloryhole in the past, no man has wanted more than occasional fingering of their ass, making the reason for having condoms shift from its original context.

After covering my cock, he moved his body back up against mine, in the middle between a hardening cock at his ass, a man's hands again at his nipples, and an obviously talented mouth taking care of his palely glistening cock. At some point, I recognized that this was actually my first experience of group sex, and it was mildly amusing to realize just how long it had taken to become aware of that fact.

I wasn't really sure what I was doing with my covered cock, when the man in the middle turned a bit, moving my cock forwards. For the second time since entering the room, my cock was being deliciously sucked, at this point with absolutely no concerns taking away from the pleasure. Hands began to slide up my shirt, and I felt a pair of hot lips on my neck, the ecstacy making me moan and sink unsteadily against the wall yet again. After regaining something resembling control in the continuing flood of pleasure, I stood straighter, an arm around the standing man, my other hand pushing against the wall. My eyes had closed again, but when the cocksucking sensation changed in some incredibly irresistible way, I looked down to see something from pure fantasy - my cock and the first stranger's were being sucked together by the third man. Two cocks in one mouth, rubbing against each other, being held and directed by the cock sucking man's gripping hands. My eyes closed again, completely overwhelmed.

This was something that had really turned me on at my first exposure of gay porn decades ago, and now, it was happening with two strangers, and I loved it, cock to cock in another man's open and wanting mouth. Our hands were roaming, playing with asses, nipples, and running along each other's bodies. I felt his cock leave paradise, and a moment later, it became clear why, as he shifted directly into the middle again, my slippery cock at his ass, with the another man sucking him again. I watched over the shoulder of the man in the middle, better than any picture, seeing a man getting a blow job in front of me for the first time, my cock rigid between the sucked man's ass cheeks.

He began to again talk about being fucked, bubbling words that floated into my mind, and we shifted positions to try to match angles. I was quite clumsy in general, this being the first time ever to try having anal sex with a standing person. The man being sucked was only helpful at times, as his focus shifted between two of us. As the cocksucking began to distract him again, it seemed the right time to actually do another hit of Rush. Reaching into my coat pocket, I discovered that opening it was not easy, as my hands were somewhat slippery from the condom. It was also hard to open because he finally found a position which seemed promising, as we both began to move, and he started saying 'yeah ... yeah ... fuck ... yeah.'

Opening the bottle, I took a long breath, just as he started to moan more loudly 'yeah ... suck ... cock ... fuck me ... fuck my ass.' Resealing the bottle quickly to drop it back into my coat pocket, waves of pure wanton bliss started growing from the contact of my still expanding cockhead against his smoothly yielding ass. I held my breath as long as possible while the feeling in my cock grew. He was starting to rock, each motion surrounding my cock with a gripping pleasure, like nothing I had ever experienced. Slowly exhaling, the lewd thoughts and words started tumbling out, talking about his hot ass and how it was my 'first man .. hot cock .. ass fuck .. hot fuck ass.' 

My hands were still on his chest as I again bent to his neck, seeing how his cock was being sucked as I was entering his ass, inexorably pushing as I began to cum, unstoppably pumping as the sensations and sights combined into orgasm. One that seemed to merge into a larger whole of pure sex, my cum in rhythm not only with his tightly clenching muscles, but with the sucking action of his cock, staring as it happened in front of me.

Fucking a man's ass for the first time was as incredible as all the other things I had done with men. And there was no doubt that he had wanted exactly that. Slumping again, my cock slowly withdrew the distance it had penetrated as it shrank. My mind was almost completely blank, even of the thoughts of having just been part of a threesome.

As the other two kept enjoying themselves, I just stood quietly, no longer capable of participating in any action. After a while, the first man leaned against me invitingly, then reached back. He slid my condom off, and holing it at the throat, gave it to me, a grin on his face. I pulled up my pants, then walked to the corner to throw it into the trash.
