 This is a true short story, but it diverges after a while into fantasy of what could have been. I'll let you guess when it does. 

*****

Many years ago I was working in a sports bar in the UK. I'm English by the way. There was a small team, a female manager who was much older than me, Ryan the deputy manager who was a few years younger than me about 23, then me and another girl who were the part time helpers. I never really knew her as we always did different days.

We used to serve drinks and food from the counter, which was raised quite high and our floor level was higher, so we were kind of above the customers in the room. 

Most of my days were spent working with Ryan, the two ladies seemed to prefer each other's company and the manager did all the rotas so she didn't like me perhaps. Ryan was a tall guy as I remember him slim, quite good looking, a quiet guy who came across as being a bit shy.

There was a fairly strict dress policy you had to wear while in the bar, the company shirt and black trousers and shoes, the female manager was quite strict on this but the deputy Ryan was more easy going. I always used to wear black trousers but he sometimes didn't and that's where my problems started.

I'll never forget the first day Ryan was wearing a pair of low waist light grey trousers. We had to arrive before the bar opened and he came to the door to let me in. As we walked around to the bar area I asked him, "Can I wear different trousers then? Instead of these black ones it would be nice to have a change." 

Turning to face me he replied, "Yes you can, but I don't think you should when she's here."

She, as he described her was the manageress, everyone knew they didn't see eye to eye, he thought she was too strict, she thought he was too soft.

Soft however, was not what I was thinking about at this moment in time, while he was advising me about it, in fact I was only half listening as what I was really suddenly interested in thinking about, was the big bulge in the front of his tight new trousers. 

It was almost obscene. How I still remember it as though it was yesterday. The material seemed to be so thin and because the color of it was so light, it highlighted the wonderful bulge I was now struggling not to stare at, but I couldn't tear my eyes away from it. 

Starting under and then to the right of the flimsy looking zip, as I looked at him, I could clearly see the outline of his balls, his cock and the head of his penis, even the curved ridge of the head where it joined the shaft was visible. I went very red in the face at this wonderful sight, if I'd got close enough I probably could have seen the veins running the length of it. He looked above average in size, definitely bigger than me in fact if he got an erection, it could have likely ripped through the fine cloth.

"Are you alright?" he inquired "You look a little hot."

He was giving me the opening I should have used to my advantage, but I couldn't think of anything to say. Thinking about it now, opening was the right word, the only opening I could think about then was his zip, so I could reach in and free his lovely penis from it's very tight confines.

"I'm OK Ryan, maybe we should turn down the aircon a bit," was my lame pathetic reply. 

He agreed and went around to the back to do just that. I quickly pretended to be sorting something out under the counter when he returned, so I could furtively watch him walking back towards me giving me the perfect view of how his cock moved up and down in those trousers as he approached.

In fact that counter became my friend in the following days when he wore those trousers, as when we served customers you had to reach across to pass them what they'd bought and take the money. I could then find any sort of reason to duck down there while he was serving somebody and look up from below knowing he couldn't see me staring up at the object of my increasing desire so close yet so far, without him knowing.

Some days he'd wear his looser dark trousers to work and the feeling I'd get on arriving to see him in these boring clothes, was deflating in the extreme. He actually asked if something was wrong one day, as it seemed to him that some days my heart wasn't in the job, if he'd put two and two together he'd have worked it out that I was only happy on the days he wore light grey instead of dark black.

Something had to give. I was seriously considering leaving as I couldn't concentrate on my work, so close to him and I was starting to make errors in my cash handling and they would have fired me if it carried on much longer. It hurt to hear Ryan telling me off, after all it was his fault right!?

One day we were clearing up after closing, we had to make sure no-one was in the toilets, or that anyone had left any of their personal possessions behind, I came across a satchel someone had forgot to take with them, the effect of drink being the likely cause. I put it on the nearest table and called Ryan over to have a look. As usual I checked out his goods as he came across the floor!

"What should we do with it do you think, Ryan?" I asked.

"Let's have a look inside," he answered "Maybe there will be something with an address or phone number on it and we can get it back to them."

We sat down at the table and I opened the satchel, it was full of papers about finance that looked important but gave no clue as to the owner. 

"I guess we'll have to wait till they work out where they left it," I said.

"Hang on," Ryan answered, "There's a front pocket here," he said opening it up.

Reaching inside he pulled out a copy of Whitehouse 

Digest, which was a popular porno magazine in the UK in those days (it was the late 1980's when all this took place), you could buy it in some newsagents, it wasn't hardcore, that was harder to come by, but it used to feature solo girls, lesbians (this was very popular) and men and women in posed shots.

"Wow look at this," he exclaimed "I've never read this type of magazine before."

I found this hard to believe but said nothing, I just wanted to read it! I used to buy it regularly myself, but I didn't have this latest issue.

"Me too," I lied, "Let's look at it".

He put it on the table and began turning the pages. The first set was of a girl who in some of the pictures was holding herself apart to show her pink pussy in all it's glory.

"She's pretty," I ventured, sneakily trying to gauge his reaction.

"She is, but it's all a bit much you can see what she had for lunch!" he replied.

He was right one photo was a full page close up of her and all you could see, was her vagina and her anus, it was virtually like she was right in front of you.

He turned the page quickly and that's when it got suddenly interesting. The next story was two girls and a guy, I got very excited as I had seen this guy before in an earlier issue and I knew that he had a very big cock (I know now it was Blake Palmer, no internet back then). 

I'd masturbated time after time, over this same guy in the magazine that I owned, looking at his fat cock fantasising about rubbing my smaller cock against his monster erection until we shot cum over each other. I couldn't wait to see his penis once more and better still, what Ryan made of it.

In the story, the guy was wearing a white sweater and trousers, not unlike Ryan's, but a much looser fit. He'd never have been able to fit his huge prick in Ryan's trousers they were too tight. The two girls were wearing mini skirts and skimpy knickers and were eyeing each other up even in the first picture.

Ryan's reaction had to wait a bit longer, as the first two pages were of the two girls getting frisky and naked while the guy watched them have sex together. It looked like they were in a ski lodge, there were animal heads on the wall and big benches, one of which the two girls were sprawled on doing each other. On the next page, heaven awaited.

In the next picture one girl was lying on her back as the other had her head between her legs about to lick her cunt.

None of that mattered to me though, as this picture now showed the man with his trousers now pulled down, exposing his wonderful penis, while the girl on her back had thrown her head back with her tongue almost licking the tip of it. 

His cock looked very big in this photo, half erect and by skillful use of lighting the color of the thick shaft was a beautiful olive tone, changing to a lighter pink in the area where the foreskin had been cut away during circumcision, quite badly in fact, but it made it look more exciting for all that. The head was quite small in comparison to the rest of it, which made me think how easy penetration would be for him and anyone on the receiving end!

I had to say something quickly, as there was only a moment before he turned the page and I didn't know what picture in the scene that was coming next.

"Wow that's a lucky guy," was the best I could think of, "He's so huge."

Ryan mumbled an agreement, he was either checking it out or embarrassed, or both.

I continued feeling braver "I don't think she'd be able to fit all that in her mouth," I got braver still and I then said.

"If that was me in that picture, there'd be less to look at".

There was a pause which seemed to last an eternity, till Ryan answered,

"That's probably true for most of us." 

As he said this, I saw my chance, I thought quickly about what I'd said and replied,

"No Ryan I didn't mean that, I'd... oh you wouldn't understand I meant...," 

I couldn't say what I desperately wanted to, instead stammering these words out. I thought the moment was gone.

"What did you mean then," he asked finally looking at me now and not the magazine which lay open on the same page.

"I can't say, you'll think I'm strange," I replied.

"Come on tell me I'm intrigued," he continued.

"No, no you won't want to know me anymore I shouldn't have said anything,.

"Come on we're friends, I won't tell anyone we read this together," he promised.

I took a deep breath, "Well as I said there'd be less to look at, but I just can't tell you why, can't you try and guess?"

"No I really can't, is it that you'd be excited watching those two girls together?" He suggested.

"You've got it all wrong Ryan, the girls aren't what's important at all."

"Well what then, do you have a really small cock?" he joked with me.

"No no, not that either, oh god this is so difficult!"

"If you can't tell me I understand, but please I'm so curious, you can't leave me hanging like that," he pleaded.

I took an even bigger deep breath and stuttered,

"The reason there'd be less cock to look..." I uttered, failing miserably again.

"Come on tell me!" He barked, he sounded almost cross by now.

That did it, I blurted it out all in one go.

"There'd be less to look at Ryan, if I was in the picture, I can't believe I'm saying this to you, but the reason is, and please don't laugh, because..." I paused taking another deep breath. "He'd still be in the picture, I'd be in the picture too, not the girls and you'd see a whole lot less to be honest, because I'd have as much of his big cock in my mouth as I possibly could."

You could have cut the atmosphere with a knife now, it was all in the open.

One of us had to speak, it was him,

"Don't worry it's OK, we all have fantasies about all kinds of stuff, I promise not to tell," he said, trying to sound reassuring.

I replied, feeling that some of a large weight was now off my shoulders.

"Yeah but that's my problem, you see..."

He put his hand on my shoulder and said, 

"No it all makes sense to me," he continued

"I knew you were checking me out when I wore these trousers, I thought it was just normal curiosity and didn't think anything of it, I didn't realize you were actually into guys."

As he finished speaking, he stood up and the object of my desire was now closer to me and bigger than it had ever seemed before, only separated from me by the thin material it looked aching to be released. He looked down at me, sensing I was almost in a trance and said. "I'm new to all this but I'm so turned on right now, I don't care and no-one has to know. Come on what are you waiting for, you know you want to see my cock." 

I breathlessly gasped, "Oh god yes, please let me see what you've been hiding so badly from me all this time." I reached for the zipper and slowly pulled it down carefully so as not to hurt him, the entrance began spreading apart as it traveled down. 

After I'd fully opened it I found out he wasn't wearing anything underneath and I could clearly see the base of his cock and the top part of his balls underneath, the rest it was still hidden inside but I aimed to soon change that.

I admired this view for a moment or two and looked up at him, his eyes were tight shut as he let me have my way. I reached into the gap left by the zipper and, grasping the root of his cock I gently began to pull the rest of it out, finally exposing the whole thing. He had a beautiful penis.

Ryan was quite light skinned but his cock had a very dark pigment compared to the rest of him. He was uncut too which I'd always hoped he was.

It wasn't quite hard yet, but it wasn't that soft either, he couldn't compete with the guy in the magazine but it was definitely bigger than mine. I reached into his trousers once again and carefully pulled out his balls, so the whole of his package was protruding through the gap in his flies. 

Finally he spoke, 

"Well is it as good as you hoped you dirty bastard?"

"It's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen," I said, at the same time slowly pulling down his foreskin revealing the pink head hidden inside. All the skin underneath was the same light color, which formed a wonderful contrast to the dark skinned shaft. 

"Oh sweet Jesus I love that," he gasped, drawing breath again sharply, as finally after all the time I'd spent lusting and dreaming of this moment, I took it in my mouth.

I began to suck slowly, one hand cupping his balls, the other rapidly undoing the belt clip allowing his clothes to drop to the floor. He kicked off his shoes and trousers then he pulled his top over his head and threw it to the winds, which now left him totally naked.

I could feel him starting to get harder now as he got into it and very soon it was stiff, I stopped and leaned back to look at it again all shiny and glistening in the low light.

"God that felt good" he exclaimed "I've had girlfriends do that to me but you are better than any of them, they only did it to please me I think."

I pulled up his foreskin over his glans and gave it a kiss, then I lightly licked the skin around the top for a while, he liked that groaning with pleasure. Putting my lips to the tip I slowly took him into my mouth pushing the skin back down over his cock head, which was rock hard now and carrying on all the way down to the very root which wasn't easy as he was pretty big. I slowly took it all out of my mouth and left him exposed like that, I watched as it twitched up and down with desire now and again.

I stood up to one side and ripped my clothes off in a world record time, while he watched. I'd been erect since about the time we started to read the magazine and my cock sprang out as I discarded my boxer shorts.

"I've never seen another guy in the flesh, with a hard cock before," he said looking at my cock "But I bet you have." He seemed to have a way of calming the situation as though he was the experienced one in all this.

Smiling at him, and feeling very confident, I walked over to him, my cock bouncing as I went, till we were eye to eye and replied,

"And I bet you thought you've never do this with a guy either," as I grasepd his cock and mine and began to rub our cock heads together.

"Ohh that feels good, keep doing that," he instructed me. I didn't need telling twice and began pulling our foreskins together first up, then down, all the time rubbing our hard cocks together, each time I exposed the shiny plum like heads they were becoming stickier and stickier with precum until it was stringing like thin glue between them as I pulled them apart occasionally.

He was fascinated by this and looking down he crowed,

"Look how much bigger my cock is than yours."

He couldn't have said anything better than those few words, as I love it when a guy is bigger than me and lets me know about it too.

"I know it's much thicker and longer than mine," I happily answered, moving closer till the end of his cock was pressing into my groin. My shorter cock was still some way short of reaching his body,

"Look, look, the end of yours is touching me, mine is about an inch short of you and yours is about a half inch thicker too," I said, hoping to make him comment even more on his superior penis. 

"It doesn't matter," he said, "Look, you have a lovely cock and I've always wanted to try this," he said, kneeling down quickly, he took me easily in his mouth like a pro, he must have watched me doing it to him and began to suck up and down the entire length of my smaller cock.

I was so turned on I had him stop after a few minutes of this, I wanted to make the most of what might be my only opportunity, I raced off to the staff area to grab my bag in which I always kept some lube and ran back into the bar area and I laid back on one of the round tables in the middle of the room and looked back at him. I put my bag next to me on the table.

"What would you like to do to me now, Ryan?" I asked suggestively, I thought he might fuck me if I was lucky enough, but he was bigger than any man I'd taken before. He walked across to the table, his big cock waving up and down and from side to side as he came. 

I lifted my legs up pulling them apart exposing my ass to him. I pulled the lube out of my bag, flipped the lid and squirted a big amount onto the end of my cock and rubbed it all up and down the length of it, making it lovely and slippery. 

He was right between my legs now and began rubbing his cock against mine getting it covered in lube, I passed him the bottle and he covered our cocks together and began rubbing them together again. Was he teasing me? Didn't he realize what I wanted him to do?

"Ryan please..." I pleaded.

Before I could say anymore he put his finger to his lips to shsh me and ran the head of his cock down the underside of mine a few times, then he continued further and started to rub himself around my balls, all very nice but not what I wanted, he stopped for a moment went back up and resumed touching my cock underneath again.

He WAS teasing me, I looked up to speak, but before I could, he moved down again till the head was touching me in the place I most wanted it to go next. I tried to push forward to help it into me, but he pulled back. He was doing to me what he did to his girlfriends to make them beg him to fuck them. What a stud!

It worked as I began murmuring obscenities at him, until finally he started to push. It was hard at first but he was patient and only went as far as the head for a while. I lay there thinking, "You've fucked loads of girls this way before," so I was very excited and safe. Slowly he eased it into me further until it was over half way in, 

"Ryan," I gasped "I don't think I can take much more," it was just too long and thick.

He relented and began to take me carefully, with slow and powerful strokes and slowly I could feel my self opening up to receive more of it, but I felt so full I thought I was going to burst.

He began to increase the speed of his thrusts, and my ass finally got used to the biggest cock I've ever had to this day. The feeling of worry changed slowly to pleasure and I became more and more excited as he pounded away.

I felt every ridge, bump and vein as it went in and out, the sensations they gave me were so intense, I thought I could come every time he pushed it into me.
