 My boyfriend Ryan and I have always had a pretty healthy sex life, but after a while sex started to get boring. It felt like every time we made love we were going through the same old motions. So one day we decided to spice things up a bit... 

I was sitting on the couch one night watching tv when Ryan came bursting through the front door. 

"Guess where I stopped on my way home from work?" he asked. 

I glanced at the brown paper bag he was holding. It was unmarked so I didn't know the origin. 

"Where?" I asked.

"That sex toy shop on 58th street," he responded.

"Oh?" I was suddenly much more interested. 

I got up and went to peek in the bag but he quickly hit my hand away. 

"You're just going to have to wait until tonight," he warned me. 

The whole rest of that evening I couldn't stop thinking about what was in the bag. We made small talk through dinner but I could tell we were both focused on what was going to happen afterwards. Finally it came time for some bedroom activities. 

Ryan grabbed the mystery bag and led me into the bedroom. 

"Are you ready for a fun night?" he asked me. 

"I'm ready for anything Sir," I replied, and with that the tone for the evening was set...

"Lay on the bed on your stomach and close your eyes," he ordered, "Don't open them until I say so." 

I obeyed and he got to work unpacking the bag's contents. After the shuffling stopped I felt Ryan climb onto the bed with me. 

"Spread your arms and legs out."

At that point I could feel my heart beating a little faster. All of a sudden I felt cold metal wrap around my wrists and ankles. It took me a minute to realize he was handcuffing me to the bedposts. Then I felt something wrap around my neck. We had never used a dog collar before. I opened my eyes to see that I was completely restrained and under his control. 

"This leash is going to keep you in check. Tonight you're going to be my little cum-dumpster. I'm going to use you in every way possible," he threatened. 

The thought of being used like a slut combined with his authoritativeness was making my cock rock hard. I couldn't remember the last time I was this turned on. Ryan wasted no time heating things up. He pulled apart my ass cheeks and began to rim me. The way he is able to use his tongue is unbelievable. He rimmed me and then moved his way to my balls and cock. The feeling of his tongue on my dick was amazing. Then he went back to rimming me while he massaged my shaft with his hand. 

"That feels amazing baby," I moaned. 

"Don't talk," he barked. 

My interruption caused him to switch his focus from me to him. He got off the bed and walked around the side so he was by my head. 

"Suck my cock," he demanded. 

I turned to face him and I took his thick rod in my mouth. After a few moments he put his hand on the back of my head and began to face fuck me. Just when I felt that I had some control he took it all back. I laid there while he had his way with my mouth, thinking about what he was going to do to my hole. After a few minutes he pulled out of my mouth and went back over to the bag. 

"I have one last surprise for you," he announced. 

I watched as he pulled a two foot long string of anal beads out of the bag. Immediately my eyes shot open and my first instinct was to close my legs. Too bad the handcuffs were forcing them to stay wide open. I had never felt so exposed before. 

Ryan came back over to the bed and I could see that the beads were about one inch in diameter. 

'That's not too bad,' I thought in an attempt to make myself feel better, 'His dick is much thicker than that.'

The first time we had sex it took me a while to adjust to his massive size, but now six months later I was able to take it like a pro. 

"Don't worry, it won't hurt that much," Ryan said as he started to lube up the beads. 

He pressed the first ball against my hole, popping it in and making me jump. It hurt a little bit but felt amazing pressed up against my prostate. He then started pushing the rest of the strand up my tight ass. With every new ball that entered my ass the less it hurt. Before I knew it the whole two feet were up inside my intestines. Again Ryan grabbed my shaft in his hands and began massaging it. I could feel myself getting close to cumming so I warned him. 

"It sounds like you're ready for my cock now, huh you little slut?" 

"Yes sir, I want you to fuck me." 

This role playing was almost enough to make me cum. 

"Push the beads out," I was told. 

I started off slowly forcing the long strand to slide out of my ass. With each ball that passed through my tight hole a shot of pleasure ran through my body. The constant pressure on my prostate really got me going. 

Once the beads were out Ryan lubed up his cock and started teasing my hole with it. He ran the head of his dick along my crack and hole. The anticipation was killing me. Finally he stuck his thick cock inside my ready hole. 

"Oh my god that feels so amazing," I moaned as he pushed his cock all the way inside my ass.

"You like that huh? I always knew you were a whore," Ryan said.

His dick felt amazing after having the anal beads up my ass. After the first few thrusts he really got into it. He grabbed my hips and began pounding away. No matter how hard I tried there was no way to get away. All I could do was lay there and take his furious pounding. Then he grabbed the leash and pulled my head back. He used it to force his thick rod even farther into me. 

"Your dick feels so amazing up my tight little ass," I said, hoping to send him over the edge. 

It seemed to work because he started pounding me slower, really emphasizing every thrust. I felt every inch of his cock go all the way in and all the way out of my hole. As he was fucking me slowly he collapsed on top of me pinning me to the mattress. Feeling him pressing down on me was incredibly sexy. I felt his abs contract as he fucked me endlessly. I could also feel his warm breath on my neck as he panted. A bead of sweat ran off his forehead and fell onto my face. I felt incredibly close to him at that moment which made me even hornier. 

All of a sudden he got back up and picked up the speed. 

"I'm about to cum," he announced. 

With one final thrust he shot a hot, sticky load into my ass. 

"I'm cumming too," I said as I shot my load onto the sheets. 

Ryan pulled out and collapsed on the bed next to me. He was panting as he took off my collar and undid the handcuffs. 

"That was absolutely amazing baby, thank you," I told him as he was letting me free. 

Once I was out of the handcuffs I cuddled up next to him. With our sex life successfully revived we began making out. I knew we were going to be using these toys a lot in the future but I wasn't worried about that. All I cared about was making out with my boyfriend as I felt his cum leak out of my used hole and run down my thigh.