 If you haven't read The day it all changed I recommend you do. 

*

Tyler woke up with a moan and a grin, with his left hand he reached down and threaded his hand through Matt's beautiful blonde hair. 

"Yeah, baby, suck my cock." 

Matt's tongue swirled around his cock and inside the slit at the head. Pushing his finger inside his mouth and dribbling saliva over his fingers he reached back and slid his finger over Tyler's unused hole. Slipping first one then two fingers inside Tyler he rubbed at his prostate, Tyler groaned loudly and arched his back off the bed. Six months the boys had been together and there sex life was just as active as it was the first day. Matt slid his lips down towards Tyler's balls and suckled at them. Matt surged up with a surprise and giggled when Tyler tried to push his head back towards his cock. 

"No way babe, your going to come with me just rubbing your prostate." 

"Come on, Mattie, you know I can't, I never have been able too." 

Matt had tried to make Tyler come like this before but Tyler kept grabbing his cock so he gave up. Matt's fingers rubbed quicker and harder, he watched as Tyler's hand reached down to grab his cock, with a sigh he pulled his fingers out and sat on the edge of the bed. 

"Mattie?" Tyler murmured. 

"You don't even want to try, you know how many times I fucked you since we have been together?" 

"Of course I do, I was there too." Tyler tried to joke around.

"Once Tyler, I fucked you once, and you must have fucked me more times than I can count, were supposed to be equal partners in this, you say you love me right?"

"I love you with all my heart, babe." he said and placed a kiss on Matt's back.

"Then let me fuck you..." 

"Okay." 

"For a whole month, and let me make all the decisions in the bedroom." 

"Ah, come off it Matt, you know I like to have things wrapped around my cock." 

Matt turned around to face Tyler and gave him the puppy-eyes. Tyler shuffled around a little then reached over to grab the lube. Matt grinned and bounced on the bed like a little kid, his hard on said another thing. 

"You know I love you Matt?" Tyler whispered his green eyes luminous with unshed tears. 

"Of course I do babe, I love you too, why are you sad?" Matt wrapped his arms around Tyler and hugged him to his chest. 

"I can't submit, I try so hard, Matt but I can't submit."

"Give me two months and I can make you." 

"Two months!, I can't not fuck for two months." 

"You will if you love me like you say you do." Matt whispered into his hair. 

"I...I don't...You won't be..." 

"You can fuck me this morning, then I get to fuck you a lot." 

"Fucking hell." Tyler muttered under his breath. 

"Can I be on top this time?" 

"Sure." 

"I have a surprise for you, Ty." 

"Oh yeah, what's that then?" Tyler asked peppering kisses over Matt's face, his neck and shoulders. Matt suddenly stood up and bent over on the bed with a giggle.

"Holy shit." Tyler whispered his eyes taking in the sight of the bright green butt plug nestled deeply inside his lover. Tyler reached up and smacked the plug causing Matt to moan loudly, Matt was defiantly the bottom in there relationship. 

"I'll make a deal with you." Tyler said biting Matt's ass cheeks.

"What?" Matt asked around a moan. 

"You can fuck me on Tuesday and Friday and I fuck you the rest of the week."

"No deal."

"Come on, Matt I'm trying here." 

"Why are you so reluctant to let me fuck you?" 

"Because you hurt me!" Tyler shouted. 

A look of pure horror crossed over Matt's face and tears welled up in his eyes. Tyler wrapped his arms around him and hugged him to him. 

"Your cock is so big babe, I thought if I let you fuck me once you'll be okay and won't keep bugging me about it." Tyler said, face near his ear. 

"I'm sorry." Matt sobbed. 

"Don't worry, I love you and your going to fuck me."

"No, I can't not now."

"Yes you can sweetheart, I love you and I need you to fill me, make me feel like a partner in this relationship not a fuck buddy." 

"No." 

"You are going to fuck me." Tyler whispered and flipped Matt onto his back, cuffing his wrist to the cuffs still attached to the headboard. 

"Tyler, what the hell?" Matt shouted. 

"Your going to fuck me!" Tyler shouted and lubed his ass and Matt's cock, they had stopped using condoms because they were clean and wanted the maximum intimacy. Tyler looked down and sighed, Matt's eyes were filled with tears again. Tyler leant down and kissed them away.

"I want it baby, and so do you from the size of your hard on." Tyler said with a chuckle, "Every couple of times I need the intimacy, sweetheart, when I need it you can fuck me but I like to fuck you more."

"You may as well go get pussy." Matt whispered. 

"NO!, I want you, Matt, I love you, I love your hard cock, I love your tight ass, I love your hair, I love your eyes, I love the way your ass clenches around my cock when you come, I love how we have so much in common. Hell Matt I just plain love you." 

"Then sit on my cock." Matt said with a giggle.

Tyler grinned and felt the fat cock head push at his hole, with a deep breath the head popped inside. They both moaned. Matt's hands came up to cradle his face and he smiled sweetly at him, mouthing the words 'I love you', Tyler nodded and squeezed his eyes closed, with a gasp he slammed himself onto Matt's cock. Matt cried out as did Tyler.

Tyler's muscles were clamping down hard on Matt's cock and he whimpered quietly and bit his lip to help hold in his climax. Tyler opened his eyes and bent down to kiss and lick at Matt's abused lip. Matt moaned and tangled his tongue with Tyler's as he slowly started to bounce up and down on his cock.

"Fuck that big cock into me Mattie, make me feel good."

"I could if you fucking uncuff me!" Matt growled. 

Tyler giggled and reached over to uncuff Matt then stopped just about as he was about to undo them with a moan, the new position caused Matt's cock to inch up deeper inside him, Tyler experimentally squeezed his muscles and grinned down at Matt when he let out a low growl. 

"If you don't uncuff me Tyler the next time I fuck you I'm going to tie you down." Matt said through clenched teeth. 

Tyler heaved a sigh and uncuffed the cuffs and rubbed Matt's wrists, Matt grabbed Tyler's hips and flipped him over without his cock ever leaving his ass. 

"I love it when you take control, sweetheart." 

Matt grinned and bent down to kiss Tyler, sucking his tongue into his mouth and biting down on his lip. Tyler groaned and thrust his hips up. 

"Fuck me, Mattie, I'm begging you to fuck me, please." Tyler babbled.

The fucking started out slowly and soft but turned hard and passionate, on the boarder of rough. Matt pinched Tyler's over and over then started slamming into his ass. Tyler groaned and wrapped his arms around Matt's biceps. 

Matt pegged Tyler's gland and Tyler stiffened and cried out as his cock spewed shot after shot of pure white creamy sweet come. Seconds later Matt stiffened and his thrusts faltered, Tyler giggled quietly when he felt the come shoot inside his hole. Matt pulled out gently and flopped down, pulling Tyler into his arms and kissing his head. 

"I love you, Tyler, Always, forever, and a day." 

"Always, forever and day babe." 

"Oh, I almost forgot."

"What babe?" 

Tyler reached under Matt and grabbed the butt plug and slid it out with a 'pop'. Matt moaned and squirmed. 

"You are so the bottom in our relationship."

"I love a big, fat cock up my ass." Matt said before his kissed Tyler again. The kiss grew in passion before Tyler pulled away with a chuckle. 

"No more, Matt."

"Please, Ty, fuck me."

"No, we were fucking all last night." 

"I know but I want to feel your cock inside me. Please." 

"Go to sleep, Matt." 

"You suck." 

"Yeah I know, only yours though baby." 

Matt curled up next to Tyler and lied his head on his chest. The boys fell asleep with each other wrapped in there arms. 

When Matt awoke he was alone and the bed was cold. Rolling out of bed he padded into the bathroom and took a piss then turned the shower on. That when he noticed the mirror. On the mirror in shaving foam were the words : I have gone out getting a gift for our six months babe, always, forever and a day, Tyler.

Matt smiled and stepped in the shower, washing up quickly leaving his morning wood, usually Tyler would help him fix this, it was the first day in six months he had woke up alone. He didn't like it. Not at all. With a frown he stepped out of the shower and pulled one of Tyler's shirts over his head. 

Tyler was almost three times the size of Matt so the shirt acted like a dress on him, curling up on the sofa with a tub of ice cream he started watching, sappy romance films. He was acting like he was a teenage girl whose first boyfriend just dumped her, but Tyler and he lived in each others pockets and it was weird even spending a few hours without him.

Tyler returned at 2.34pm, Matt knew exactly when because he had been keeping an eye on the clock, when he heard the door open he jumped up and ran into Tyler's arms. 

"Hey, baby, what's wrong?" Tyler murmured, brushing his hand over his hair. 

"You could have woke me up before disappearing." 

"Didn't you get my note?"

"Yeah." Matt mumbled looking at his feet. 

"Are you wearing my shirt?" 

Matt nodded and looked up at Tyler with a frown. 

"I got a surprise for you babe."

"Is it a present?" Matt asked with a grin.

"Maybe..." 

"Give me it." Matt said bouncing up and down.

Tyler pulled his shirt off and revealed a gauze cover on his chest over his heart, Tyler slowly peeled back the gauze to reveal two male symbols intertwined and written under it was "Tyler and Matt, Always, Forever and a day." 

"Oh my god."

"D...Do you like it?" 

"I...Oh..." Matt stuttered. 

"I take that as a good sign?" Tyler murmured walking towards Matt. Matt nodded and looked up at Tyler with tears in his beautiful blue eyes. 

"Your serious about us." it wasn't a question but Tyler answered anyway. 

"Of course I am, I brought you another present, well I suppose it's for both of us." 

"What?" Matt asked with a wicked grin.

"Later babe, first I want to do this." Tyler reached inside his jeans pocket and knelt on one knee opening a black leather box, inside held two gold bands. 

"Holy shit!" Matt grinned down at Tyler and giggled.

"Matthew Alex Garrison would you do the honour and marry me?" Tyler asked and held the box up to him. 

"Yes, I will marry you Tyler Max Harrison." 

Tyler stood up and picked up the smaller band, engraved on the inside was Always, forever and a day. Tyler slid the band on Matt's left hand and kissed the ring. Matt grabbed the other ring and slid it on Tyler's finger the inside had the same engraving as Matt's, just as Tyler had done Matt kissed the ring. 

"I love you so much it hurts Ty." Matt said around the tears flowing down his face. 

Tyler pulled Matt into his arms and kissed his husband for all he was worth, the kiss grew rougher until Matt was biting at Tyler's lip. 

"Mmm, babe, I love you so much, lets go have a shower." Tyler groaned.

"I need you now, Ty." Matt whispered. 

"Shower sex."

"No, hard rough, kitchen sex." 

"I want shower sex, Mattie." Tyler whined. 

"Fuck me in the kitchen and I'll fuck you in the shower." Matt said with a grin knowing he had won this one, Tyler barely bottomed. 

"Deal."

"What? Your going to let me fuck you?" 

"Yeah, I came so hard yesterday, I might become the regular bottom in this relationship."

"No, that's not fair." Matt whined, almost bouncing up and down. 

"Why you want equal in our relationship, don't you Mattie."

"No, Okay?, I don't want equal I want your cock up my ass, I like being the bottom, I rarely like topping I prefer to be fucked hard." Matt eventually yelled. 

Tyler grinned and smiled, dropping to his knees he ripped the shirt from the bottom up sending buttons flying all over the kitchen. Tyler grinned and swallowed Matt's cock down to the root in one swallow. Matt yelped when Tyler's hand came down on his ass in a hard slap. Matt's cock twitched in Tyler's mouth. 

Tyler stood up and stripped off his clothes and bent Matt over the sofa. Matt went willingly. Tyler ran his hands over the pale orbs. He had every intention of reddening these cheeks. With that thought Tyler's hand came down on Matt's ass again. Matt squeaked and moaned quietly. 

"Like that do you babe?, got a kink I don't know about?" Tyler kept spanking Matt's ass as he spoke. 

"Your a bastard." Matt said around a moan. 

"No, I just know you too well, you can't hide anything from me Matt." 

Tyler landed a spank right on Matt's balls and laughed when Matt's cock started shooting. The come splattered the sofa and the floor. 

"Wow, I didn't see that coming." Tyler whispered. Matt stood up and ran towards the bathroom. Tyler followed but before he could get inside the bathroom he heard the snick of the lock. 

"Matt? What's wrong?" Tyler banged on the door. 

Tyler heard sniffling on the other side of the door and grabbed the doorknob rattling the door with the effort to get in. 

"Matt? Baby? Let me in please." Tyler said. 

"No..." Matt sobbed.

"What did I do?" 

"Nothing, you did exactly what I wanted to do." 

"Then why are you crying, and locked yourself in the bathroom?" 

The snick of the lock sounded through his ears again and Tyler pushed open the door and dropped to the floor, pulling Matt against his chest. 

"Do you think I'm sick?" Matt whispered again his chest. 

"Of course not sweetheart, why would I?" 

"Because I like to get spanked." Matt whispered.

"Oh sweetie, I love you so much."

"Always?"

"Always, forever and a day, love." 

"Can we..." Matt trailed off.

"What baby?" 

"Shove that cock up my ass." Matt said seconds before his mouth engulfed Tyler's cock in one swallow. Tyler wrapped his hands in Matt's blonde locks and held his head still. Tyler looked down to see baby blue eyes looking up at him, with a grin he started fucking Matt's mouth. Matt slowly started closing his mouth so his teeth grazed Tyler's cock on every stroke. 

Matt's hand reached down and rolled Tyler's balls in his hands and bit down. Tyler shouted and filled his mouth with bitter come. Matt drank down every drop. 

"Now can we fuck?" Matt said with a grin. 

"Geez, give a guy a rest, honey." 

"But I want to fuck, you never fucked me last night, I need it Tiger." Matt used the childhood nickname he gave Tyler when they were 12. 

"Come on Mattie, don't do the nicknames." Tyler moaned. 

"Come on, Tiger, you got the big cock that needs to fill my ass?" Matt started crawling towards Tyler like a tiger, his hard cock bobbing as he crawled. 

"Don't do it, Matt." 

"Fuck me, Tiger." 

"Shit... your going to get it now, Mouse." Tyler said before pouncing and biting down on Matt's neck, sucking harder and harder. 

"Oh fuck, Ty." 

"This is what you wanted wasn't it?, you want me to fuck you so hard you can't walk tomorrow." 

"Please, do it, shove it up my ass."

Tyler grabbed Matt's legs and hooked them over his shoulders so Matt was nearly bent in double. Tyler buried his nose in Matt's ass and took a deep breath, a scent of musk, sweat and just Matt filled his nose. Tyler tongue fucked Matt for a while until he was whimpering. 

"Tiger, put it up my ass, please, I want to be fucked, do it now, just shove it in." 

Tyler flipped Matt onto his hands and knees and shoved his cock into the hilt inside Matt's willing body. Tyler pounded into Matt, Matt's hard cock bobbing at the force of the thrusts. 

"Do not touch your cock!" Tyler growled and pegged his prostate over and over again. 

"Make me come, Tiger, do it now please." Matt was almost sobbing with the need to come. 

Tyler bent over and sunk his teeth into the back of Matt's neck with a groan Matt came hard, come splattering over the floor this time, his hole tightened and loosened around Tyler's cock like a sensual massage, and a few thrusts later, Tyler was emptying his cock inside Matt's ass. 

Tyler pulled away and shoved Matt into the shower joining him, turning the shower head on he made a un-manly sound and jumped away from the cold water. Matt giggled and wrapped his arms around Tyler's waist. 

"I'll love you Always, forever and a day Tyler."

"Me too, babe, me too."

****** A banging of pots and pans woke up Tyler, rolling over he bumped into a warm body and frowned, if Matt was in bed with him who was in the kitchen?

Tyler climbed out of bed and pulled a pair of boxers on, trudging his way towards the kitchen he sighed. 

"Mum, I told you to call before you turn up." Tyler grumbled. 

"Tyler Max Harrison you do not talk to your mother like that, now get up and give me a hug." 

Tyler stood up and wrapped his arms around his mother, taking in her scent and her whiff of perfume she proffered. 

"I'm sorry, Mama." Tyler whispered against her neck. 

"Good boy, now where is Matt, I can see his clothes everywhere." 

"Oh...he's in bed." 

"Tyler, baby, come back to bed, it's early." Matt's voice drifted through the kitchen.

"Oh...sorry. Mrs Harrison, I'll just go put some clothes on." Matt said before he rushed back into the bedroom. 

Tyler looked over at his Mother and sighed, she was still cooking. 

"Are you going to shout at me?" Tyler mumbled.

"No, why would I, in my opinion it's about time you two got together, I could tell you loved him since you were around about twelve." 

"What...how...I don't...." 

"Of course you don't your almost as blind as your father when we first started dating." 

"Dad?" 

"Yep, he was so unobservant then one day I turned around slapped him and told him to tell me what he felt, he spilled his guts." 

"That I did, darling." Tyler's father's deep voice drifted through the kitchen. 

"Do you know, Dad?" 

"Of course I do, son, I am not blind despite what your Mother thinks." 

"So you don't mind Mr and Mrs Harrison?" Matt whispered from behind Tyler. 

"Stop calling us that Matt, you have been Tyler's best friend for too long." 

"Sorry." 

"And to answer your question, no we don't mind, in fact were damn proud you got married, but angry that you didn't invite us." Tyler's dad said. 

"How did you..." 

"Rings." Matt whispered. 

"I love the tattoo, Tyler, very lovely." 

"Thanks Mum." 

"Oh, hey, look Becky they got together finally." Derrick said. Derrick was his older brother and Becky was his wife. 

"How do you know?" 

"Well, Matt has the well fucked look and he came out of your room, we put two two and together." Becky said. 

Matt blushed and giggled. Tyler pulled him down onto his lap and kissed his temple. 

"So everything is going to be Okay?" 

"Everything is perfect baby."

"Always forever and a day babe." 

"Always forever and a day, Mattie."

Everyone sat down to eat breakfast, and for once in his life Tyler felt at peace.