 Today I visited a bath-house where I sucked a half a dozen men and was sucked by a couple more. Everywhere that I went someone wanted to touch or be touched. This was just what I needed. I wanted to be wanted.

I especially liked the steam room. One of the men in there was kind enough to erupt in my mouth with several men watching through the thick steam. He was slim and nicely muscled. I was on display at my most wanton.

As I sucked him I became a toy for a sadistic top who had been watching the action. I did not know what to do or how to respond. I was bent over the muscle-man's lap and the top just walked up behind me. First he played gently with my nipples as he pressed against my bare ass. I liked that and even turned to smile at him. He started to alternate pinching and gentle strokes.

I was so lost in the feelings that I just squealed as he pinched harder while my head bobbed up and down. I was forcing the first man's cock as far into my mouth as I could handle. I could tell by his thrusts that he was loving it. Even without looking up I could tell that he was kissing the man who towered over my back. When he came I choked on the sudden gush of warm, salty cum. It filled my mouth each time I swallowed. I kept sucking and licking as long as I could. He finally pushed me back gently and, without a word, disappeared into the steam.

Now that there were only two of us left, I stood and faced the man who had been pushing his towel covered cock against my ass. I knew he wanted my mouth. I had barely started to sink to my knees when he stopped me. He grabbed a handful of tit meat and squeezed. I instantly stopped. What else could I do?

He shifted to the bench in front of me. I stood before him. I waited. I was so horny that I gave in to him. I did nothing to stop the man as he again abused my tits. He squeezed harder. I moaned. I imagined the cheeks of my ass in that punishing grip. I grew harder at the thought.

I am ashamed to say that stood in front of the abusive man for several minutes. He said nothing, so I said nothing. His hands were doing the talking. My nipples were raw and bruised when his hands finally moved down towards my waist. I could not move. We locked eyes as he leaned in suckle on my tender nipples. His hands found my cock.

All I could do was stand there transfixed by the sensations. The tip of his tongue flicked across my nipple. Each touch made me shudder. His fingertips fluttered across the head of my cock. I leaned closer and willed him to suck. I swayed back and forth, trying to push each nipple in his mouth. Much to my frustration he leaned back instead. I let out an involuntary little whimper.

He smiled at my whimpering. It seemed to please him. I wanted to please him. He wanted to please me. I could feel it in the way his fingers lingered as they stroked from the base of my tight balls to the tip of my cock. We moved in sync as I came closer and closer to the edge.

But he did not want me to come just yet. On the next stroke his left hand cupped my balls, then curled his fingers in such a way that my entire sack was within his fist. The first squeeze was gentle. I let out a little gasp as the dull ache hit. He studied my face intently as his other hand, wet from the steam and our sweat, wrapped around my shaft and slowly pumped it. The feeling was exquisite.

Lost in the feeling, I pumped my hips to thrust my rod into his hand. Every thrust of my hips was restrained by his iron grip on my sack. I was ready to come any moment but every time I was close he squeezed again. Each time he squeezed harder. My gasp had evolved to a low, guttural moan. The pain had become intense, but so had the pleasure. I wanted more of something, and he was looking almost gleeful as I stood before him as he did whatever he pleased.

We both seemed to realize that I could wait no longer. He pumped his hand faster and loosened the grip so that it was like a butterfly touching all over my cock. He leaned in and nibbled on my left nipple. I started to crumble. It was too much. That's when he added the last touch. I felt his fingernails biting into my balls as he crushed them in his hand. I think I let out a scream as I came.

I don't gush, I shoot in spurts. This time I shot a stream of cum over his shoulder onto the wall behind him. I was lost in the sensations. I'd never come like that. It was glorious. It was sensuous. It was painful.

It was wonderful.

I think he knew that. He let me crumple to the floor. I was finally eye to eye with his wet, throbbing cock. It really was wet and it really was throbbing. It took all my strength to get to my knees and get in a position where I could reach his cock with my tongue. I licked it from one end to the other. A cock had never felt so good on my lips.

He took over and grabbed my head with both hands. He pulled me into position for a face fucking. What a face fucking he gave me. His cock was long and thin and he simply forced my head down on it over and over. Each time it hit the back of my throat I expected to gag, but I did not. Instead he cut off my air with each push so I had to gasp each time he pulled out. I think we were both surprised when the head of his cock entered my throat. We both froze.

He recovered before I did. With a strong push of his hips he shoved it all the way in. My nose was buried in his furry belly hair. My tongue pressed against his balls. I realized that my airway was cut off. I could not breathe. I fought off panic as he pushed in an out with short strokes. He kept the head of his cock down my throat as he held my head.

Finally I panicked despite myself. I needed air, and I needed it now. I tried to pull up, but he held tight. He was not done yet. I struggled for air, pushing against his thighs. He pushed harder, faster and (it seems) deeper. Suddenly he let go of my head. I jerked upright and gasped for air. Through tearing eyes I saw him looking down at me with a look of supreme satisfaction. Without thinking I opened my mouth and took him in again.

He knew that I was broken, and that I was his to do as he wanted. That put him over the edge. He came as he pulled out of my hungry mouth. He was came in spurts. Thick globs of cum hit my face. It stung as it dripped in my right eye. It was warm and creamy everywhere else. He milked the last drops and they fell between my open lips.

For the first time he spoke to me. He patted me on the head and told me what a good boy I was. He affectionately kissed me on one of the few clean spots of my cheek. He said that he hoped to see me again, and that this was his regular time. Then he stood and walked away.

I sat for a moment. I was exhausted both physically and mentally. Only when I turned did I realize that there were 5 men in the room who'd been watching.