 The gunshots were still going on outside; the rifle and machine-gun fire were almost continuous, and the ground would shudder intermittently with the blasts of tank cannons. I cuddled closer to Sean; the uniform I'd always thought he looked so sexy in was now my sign that he could protect me from this horrible place.

Whispering soft, calming words into my ear, he wrapped his arms around me, and pulled me into a tight embrace. "It'll be all right, Jack. It's gonna be all right."

Pressing my face to his chest, I wanted to believe him. I wanted to think that the rebels would fall back any minute, retreat to their nearest camp, and leave us time to escape. But I knew, and the gunshots continued to remind me, that this safehouse was our only hope right now.

With obvious reluctance he slumped me to one side, to check his rifle magazine. I couldn't see how much was left, but Sean looked disappointed. "Not good?" I mumbled.

He shook his head. "You shouldn't even be out here, baby; it's not your fight."

I kissed him on the neck, almost patronizing, and pointed lazily to my video camera in the corner. "You know that old bit about the pen and the sword, don't you?"

"But love..." And the building shook; the tank fire was getting closer.

And then hit me; somehow I knew we were not going to make it out of this alive. "I couldn't let you die without me, baby."

Sean grit his teeth, almost angry, himself reminded of our odds of survival. He tried to say something, but shouting and firing outside drowned him out.

Sighing in defeat, he dropped his rifle and huddled closer to me. Tightly we embraced, wrapping our arms around each other until it hurt, hoping that somehow our very contact would protect us, that the love we shared in this touch would shield us from the world falling down around us. 

"The dying get a last request, don't they?" I whispered to him.

He nodded, a tear forming in his eye. We weren't even yet twenty-one, and something in the air, something deeper than the smoke that burned our eyes, told us that we would never be.

"I want to make love to you, one more time, before the end."

He paused, then whispered, "Me too, Jack." And for a moment there was joy in his eyes again. He leaned away, then his hands went to the buttons of his uniform. Voraciously we raced to undress. And for the first time in ages we smiled, really feeling the warmth of happiness again.

There was no foreplay, there was no teasing, there was no fondling or cuddling. With our lives flashing before our eyes, our only desire was the hard and long fuck.

He kneeled on the ground, arching his back and shoving his butt high in the air. My cock attained its full hardness at the perfect moment, and immediately I mounted him. His body took the full length my cock inside him effortlessly, as if our very anatomies had been all along designed expressly for this moment.

We fucked with reckless abandon; if anything the sounds of gunfire outside only heightened our adrenaline. The lines of sweat pouring off our bodies was lubricant enough; the air of our little secret safehouse quickly filled with pungent musk.

At first, we tried to be quiet, letting out only the most inexorable breathing noises. But finally we unleashed the animals within ourselves and let our cries of ecstasy ring true. I pushed every muscle in my body to the limit, feeling the recoil of my balls slapping against his like we were ourselves a deadly firearm.

My only thought was the force of my thrusts, and the pleasure I gave him. This was for me, this was for him, this was for our life together. If we would burn half as long, we would burn twice as bright. 

Soon I was pressing him into the wall, drawing out cries and moans of joy with every thrust. Once, twice, then a third time, I brought him to a screaming orgasm; the final one was so intense that he sprayed silky cum onto the wall with his cock still untouched. As his orgasm finished, so mine began; my hips began to spasm, forcing my cock in and out of his tight and eager ass.

And then, just as I was sliding out, stream after forceful stream of hot, wet cum forced itself out of my tip. My entire body exploded into ecstasy, and I cried his name, "Sean, oh God, Sean!" as the arcs of semen continued to flow. 

By the time it was all done, we were both reduced to writhing moaning masses of pink on the floor, covered almost from head to toe with dripping cum.

It was only a few minutes later that the rebels burst into our hiding place, pointing rifles at our faces. Still in moaning afterglow, we would face the end with smiles.

On the upside, they couldn't tell he was a soldier if he wasn't wearing his uniform. With a grin I thought that maybe, just maybe, we'd live to do this again.