 If you haven't read The Day It All Changed and Always Forever and a Day please read them first. Thank you feedback appreciated. 

*

Tyler groaned and sighed, stretching as he woke up, he stomach cramped and he was soaked with his own sweat.

"How are you, Tiger?" Matt murmured next to his ear. Tyler had came down with a bad case of the flu and Matt had been looking after him again. 

"My tummy hurts, Mattie." Tyler moaned and buried his face in Matt's stomach. 

"It's going to be okay, sweetheart." Matt whispered. 

"Matt get out you have school and Tyler you need to drink." Bella, aka Mrs Harrison, stood in the doorway.

"I don't want to go to school." 

"Matthew if you don't get your butt out that door I'm going to take Tyler home with me." 

"Your mean..." Matt said as he stood up, unwrapping Tyler's arms from his waist. Tyler started protesting and Matt bent down and placed a kiss on Tyler's lips.

"Shut up and listen to you Mother." 

"Matt, I'm practically your Mother, you have lived with us for nearly 12 years." 

Matt's mother and father died when Matt was only 8, ever since he had started living with Tyler and his parents, it was in his father's will to live with them if anything ever happened to them. "I know." Matt kissed Bella's cheek and pulled clothes on. "I'll be back for an hour at 12 then I'll be back again at 4.00pm." 

"Just go or your going to be late." Matt laughed and ran out the door towards school. 

"Mum, I'm tired." 

"I know, darling, your going to be okay, just try and sleep it off." Bella stroked her son's hair and smiled when he drifted off to sleep. Bella started pottering around the house tidying up, there were pizza boxes, beer bottles, dirty clothes and the sink was full with dirty dishes. When Bella had finished the kitchen and the living room she began the bathroom, then the bedroom. Picking up folded socks she opened the night stand drawer and gasped. 

"Mum!, what are you doing?!" Tyler yelled. 

"I was tidying up, you two are so messy." 

"Just leave the bedroom, we'll get around to it."

"I'm sorry, Tyler, I didn't mean to intrude." 

"I know, Mama, where Dad?" 

"You know, working, I hate the hospital, he's the best surgeon there, he's doing a heart transplant today you know."

"Awesome, I'm hungry." Tyler said. 

Bella chuckled and went to the kitchen to grab the chicken soup she had made earlier bringing it back and resting it on Tyler's lap. 

"Thanks, Mama." 

"Your welcome."

The bedroom came banging open and a stony-faced Matt was standing in the doorway. 

"Bella can you give us time alone please." Matt said without taking his eyes off Tyler.

"Er..sure." Bella said and rushed off. 

"Hey, babe."

"Don't you, Hey babe me."

"What's wrong?"

"This!" Matt chucked an envelope at Tyler and he sighed. Inside here was Tyler's acceptance letter to a school in east Australia.

"I wasn't going to go, they just have a great mechanics program, Mattie."

"You didn't tell me." Matt whispered, hurt shining in his eyes. 

"I posted it nearly six months ago, we were not even together then."

"We were still best friends Tyler, or did you forget that now that were together. I'm still your best friend Tyler."

"I know, babe, I didn't want to tell you just in case I didn't get in, I didn't want you to be disappointed in me." 

"I could never be disappointed in you, Ty, I love you remember, always, forever and a day." 

"Always, forever and a day." Tyler said his eyes luminous with tears. 

Matt crawled onto the bed and wrapped Tyler in his arms, they sat like this for a while before Matt whispered : "You can go if you want." 

"No, I couldn't leave you." 

"Long distance does work sometimes." 

"I can't Mattie, I can't leave you I just found you."

"Actually you found me about 14 years ago." Matt whispered chuckling. 

"I'm not going." 

"OK, I love you."

"I know." 

Bella knocked on the door and poked her head inside and grinned. "You need to get going back to school, Matt." 

"Okay."

"I wanted to make you scream." Matt whispered in Tyler's ear, Tyler had been ill for nearly two weeks also that meant two weeks celibate. Which was hard since Matt had been taking it up the ass for nearly every day for six months. 

"You can when you come home." Tyler mumbled and kissed Matt hard on the lips, his tongue slipping inside for a taste, Matt moaned quietly and pushed Tyler back onto the bed. 

"Matthew!" Bella shouted. 

Matt and Tyler pulled away slowly, licking at each others lips, Tyler giggled and kissed his cheek then slapped his ass. Matt flushed and groaned ever so quietly. 

"Better go babe, don't want you staying any longer than necessary." 

"Yeah, your right." Matt whispered and climbed off the bed and legged it out the door. 

"Sorry, Mum." 

"I give up, me and your father are going back home tonight, Matt can finish looking after you."

"Why?, what have I done to offend you?"

"Nothing, let me just say you two boys can get loud at night and I need my beauty sleep."

"We haven't done anything these past few weeks."

"I know I know, but Matt gets loud."

Tyler grinned and closed his eyes and fell asleep quickly.

When Tyler woke up next it was to a set of lips wrapped around his cock. 

"Mmm, hello too you too baby."

"They have gone home, Tiger." Matt released his cock to speak. 

Tyler buried his hand in Matt's hair and pushed him towards his cock, Matt went with a chuckle. Matt lapped at Tyler's cock and sucked at the vein there. Tyler slowly thrust his hips up and felt his cock touch Matt's palate. Matt swallowed and then his nose was buried in Tyler's bare crotch. 

"Suck me baby, make me come." 

Matt pulled off with a wicked grin, "I'm not sure I want to." 

"Don't be a bastard now Matt." 

"I think I might just be."

Tyler groaned and flopped back onto the bed, Matt's mouth travelled down towards his balls and then further down towards his ass, Tyler grabbed his legs and pulled them up towards his chest.

"Please, Mattie, lick my hole."

Matt giggled and his tongue snaked out to lick at Tyler's hole. Tyler whimpered and arched into the touch, Matt licked and nibbled at Tyler's hole until the tiny pucker opened up. Matt shoved his tongue inside and wiggled it around, Tyler was babbling and moaning. Matt pulled away with one last kiss to Tyler's hole. 

"Fuck me Ty, make me feel great, make me scream." Matt mumbled at Tyler's lips. Tyler took his mouth in a rough kiss and thrust his tongue inside in a imitation of what was to come in a few moments. Tyler grabbed his hips and tugged him towards him.

"How are you feeling, Tiger?" 

"Good enough to fuck you."

Matt's chuckle turned to a moan as Tyler pushed one then two fingers inside him easily. 

"Been going solo Mattie?" Tyler whispered.

"You were ill, didn't want to hurt you....I"

Tyler stopped Matt's talking by shoving another finger inside, he grabbed the lube and squirted it on his fingers then on his cock. Matt moaned and arched up slightly. 

"Fuck me!"

"Bossy." 

Tyler spread Matt's legs and knelt in between them. 

"Do you want to do it like this?"

"Yeah, I want to see your face." Matt murmured and cupped Tyler's cheek in his hand.

Tyler smiled and lined his cock up with Matt's hole, slowly pushing in, Matt groaned and lifted up, Tyler pulled back slightly and then pushed forward slowly his cock going in deeper with each thrust. 

"Tyler, make love to me later I need you to fuck me."

Tyler nodded and started snapping his hips, Matt moaned and sighed quietly. Tyler hooked his arms under Matt's knees and spread his legs wider, angling his hips Tyler thrust hard, pegging his prostate. Tyler kept up the thrusts and kept pegging Matt's prostate and he sighed in relief when Matt's hole clamped down around his cock and then Matt's cock spurted creamy white come over him and his own chest. Tyler thrust a couple more times and and emptied himself inside Matt. 

"I love you so much, Tiger." Matt whispered.

"I love you too, Mouse." 

Matt rested his head on Tyler's chest a sighed. 

"What's wrong baby?"

"Nothing...it's just..."

"Just?"

"Do you think all we do is fuck, eat, sleep and go to school?" 

"What? No of course not."

"We've never even been out on a date."

"Yeah we have."

"When?"

"Remember Alice's party?"

"There were a billion other people there Tyler, that's not a date." Matt pushed away from Tyler and sat on the edge of the bed. 

Matt baby, don't be like that, I just never thought we needed a date you know..."

"No I don't that's the thing Tyler, you were always going out on dates before we were together, then you would break the girls heart then they would come crying to me asking me why you broke up with them."

"Sorry, I didn't realise you had to do that, sweetheart."

"It's okay, I told them your preference was guys." 

"That's how that rumour started, I was so scared when that started going around I thought you found out how I felt about you." 

"I don't give a fuck about this Tyler I want to go out on a proper date, I want dinner then a movie then a kiss on the cheek, not a greasy pizza and then a fuck." 

"You prefer a kiss over a cock up your ass."

"I love kissing Tyler, we never hardly kiss, if we do it's when were about to fuck, we've never just kissed."

"Fine." Tyler crawled off the bed and pulled boxers on. He walked around the bed and knelt on the floor in front of Matt.

"Matt, baby, will you please go out on a date with me?"

"Why?"

"Why? Come on Mattie, say yes."

"What will we do on this date?" Tyler said with a giggle.

"I'll take you to a movie and then I will take you to dinner and after I'll bring you home and we can have a marathon make out session, no fucking I promise, I'll be a good boy."

"Your never a good boy."

"I will be for one whole night." Tyler said with a grin. 

"When?"

"How does Thursday sound? Say seven o'clock?"

"That's sound great thank you Tiger." 

"Anything for you babe, anything at all." Tyler whispered. ***** Thursday couldn't come soon enough for Matt, this was his first date with Tyler and hopefully not the last one. With his eyes drawn towards Tyler's muscular body working out, his pen down spiralled spoiling his essay. 

"Dammit, Tyler." Matt muttered under his breath. Yanking the page out of his notepad Matt scrunched the paper up and through it at Tyler's head. Tyler looked over at him with a grin. 

"How many more pieces of paper are you going to throw at me Mattie?" Tyler said around a chuckled. 

"Can't you work out in another room...please?" Matt asked hopefully. 

"Now why would I do that?, I love that I can get you turned on so fast, I love that your hand strays towards your cock rubbing it through them jeans. And last but no least I love that every time I work out we always fuck like rabbits after." Tyler said with an evil grin, sauntering towards him. 

"Come on Ty, not today I have a paper due tomorrow." 

"Oh yeah? So what happens if I do this." Tyler gave a wicked grin and pushed his shorts down, his cock springing free and slapping his stomach. 

"Tyler..." Matt whimpered, licking his lips. 

"Come on Mattie, you know you want me." Tyler said running his hands over his muscular chest and tweaking his nipples. 

"No." Matt watched Tyler's cock twitch. 

"What do you mean no?" 

"I want to wait." 

"For what?"

"Friday."

"Matt, that's two days away, why do you want to wait anyway?"

"I want it to mean more after our date." 

Tyler groaned a flopped down onto the armchair, his right hand straying towards his cock and squeezing. 

"Does that mean you won't give me a blow job?"

"That's exactly what that means." Matt said his eyes glued to Tyler's hand. 

"Fine." Tyler stood up and walked towards the bathroom.

"Where you going?"

"To jack off, like before we were together." Tyler yelled through. 

Matt gulped and looked back towards his paper, his hand trembling he started to write and didn't stop until Tyler tugged him towards the bedroom. 

"I did it Tyler, I finally finished my paper." Matt said around a yawn. 

"I know, baby." Tyler whispered undressing Matt and urging him into bed. Tyler curled himself around Matt and kissed the back of his neck. 

"I love you, Tiger." Matt whispered and closed his eyes. 

"I love you too, Mattie."

The boys fell asleep in each others arms. 

****** Matt woke up with a hand wrapped around his cock, Matt moaned and arched up slightly. 

"See, baby, I knew you couldn't stop having sex." 

Matt's eyes fluttered open and he pushed Tyler's hand away. 

"Stop it, Tyler, I want to wait." Matt cried as he shoved away from Tyler.

"Matt, it's only a fucking date." 

"Only a date?" Matt whispered, hurt lacing his voice.

Tyler scrambled up and knelt in front of Matt, cupping his face he peppered kisses over his face. 

"Don't bother, Tyler, the damage is done."

"So you won't go out on a date with me?" Tyler whispered against his cheek.

"Yeah, I'll go out on a date with you, if your nice to me and buy me a lot of presents." Matt said with a pout.

Tyler grinned and kissed him on the lips. 

"I love you Matt, I always have and I always will." 

Tyler never knew of the plan forming in Matt's head.

******* Tyler stood outside his and Matt's apartment and knocked on the door. Tyler was wearing a plain black suit, in his left hand was a bunch of red roses and in his right was a watch with Tyler and Matt always, forever and a day engraved on the back. 

The door opened and Tyler swallowed hard, Matt stood in the doorway, in a black suit, similar to Tyler's, but Matt wore it so much better than he did.

"Hi, Ty." Matt whispered. 

"These are for you." Tyler thrust the flowers and watch towards Matt. 

Matt buried his face in the flowers and inhaled. Opening the watch he smiled and put it on his wrist. 

"Thank you." Matt whispered. 

"Shall we go then." Tyler asked in a strangled voice. His cock was hard enough to pound nails. 

"Are you Okay?" Matt asked walking towards the restaurant. 

"Yeah, clothes are a bit tight."

Matt giggled and glanced down towards his trousers. 

"Your not getting anything from me tonight." 

"Don't I know it." Tyler mumbled under his breath. 

The boys arrived at the restaurant and the hostess walked them onto the patio, where one single table sat. 

Tyler held out Matt's chair and smiled when Matt giggled. Tyler sat in his chair and looked over the menu. The boys ordered and waited with a smile. 

"I am so sorry, Mattie."

"Why?" Matt whispered drinking his beer. 

"I wish we went on a date before." 

"It don't matter, I'm going to punish you now though." Matt said with a grin. 

"What? Why?"

"'It's only a fucking date, Matt.'"

"Oh shit." 

"Oh shit indeed." 

The food arrived and they ate in silence, Tyler paid and they walked along the beach with there shoes off. 

"What is my punishment?" Tyler asked eventually. 

"No sex." Matt said casually. 

"Come on Matt I said I was sorry. I brought you presents."

"I want to know if your in this for sex, Tyler."

"Matt, were married, of course I'm this for you, not just the sex." 

Matt just nodded and walked across the shore. Tyler walked behind Matt staring at his ass. Matt grabbed Tyler's hand and kissed it.

"How long do I have to go without?" Tyler whispered, kissing Matt's neck. 

"Until I decide." 

Tyler went to bed with no signs of sex.

******* Two weeks later Matt was sitting next to Becky on the couch with a cup of hot chocolate. 

"Two weeks!" Becky shouted.

"I was celibate for 18 years, Beck, I don't understand why I am so fucking horny." 

"I was like that until I met Derrick. He went on a business trip for three weeks, I was so horny and desperate to see him so I took the first flight out." 

"I bet he loved that." 

"Oh yeah..." Becky whispered, grinning.

Matt groaned and shifted around, he had had a permanent hard on since the last time Tyler and he fucked. 

"Go fuck him, Matt." Becky said with a grin.

"I can't it's punishment."

"For what?"

Matt told the story about the date and Tyler. By the time he was finished Becky was laughing.

"I can see why, Tyler can be an ass sometimes, Matt." 

Matt grinned and kissed Becky's cheek, "Do you mind leaving me and my man need to make up."

"Sure thing sweetie." Becky grabbed her coat and wandered off down the street. 

Matt raced to the bathroom and grabbed his bright green butt plug and lubed it up before dropping his jeans. With a moan he popped the plug inside his ass. Tugging his jeans back on he moaned again when the plug brushed against his prostate. 

Matt almost ran down the street towards there friend's house. Tyler was watching the football game with a few friends. Matt banged on the door and shuffled from foot to foot. 

"Hey, Matt, how you doing?" Benny yelled. 

"H...Hey...Benny, is Tyler here?" Matt mumbled. 

"Yeah yeah, come in." Benny said holding open the door. 

Matt walked into the living room and stood in front of the TV.

"Hey, babe, what you doing here?" 

"Your coming home to fuck me." Matt stated bluntly. 

Tyler choked on the beer he was drinking and Matt grinned to himself. 

"Ooooh, Tyler, your going to get some tonight!" Richard shouted.

"Not just some, a lot, until I can't walk."

"I take it your bottom boy in the relationship then?" Frank asked, he was the only other gay guy in there group.

"Oh yeah." Matt whispered with a grin.

"Mattie...are you sure?" 

"Let's go home, I want to fuck until were too tired to." 

Tyler grinned and grabbed Matt's hand, dragging him towards the door, with shouted goodbyes. Tugging Matt into the elevator Tyler pinned him against the wall and kissed him while pushing the ground floor button.

"Tyler. I can't wait." Matt whined. 

Tyler reached over and press the stop button on the panel and tugged down Matt's trousers. Tyler gasped and pulled at the plug embedded inside his lovers ass, pulling the base he gently tugged and let it pop back into place. Matt moaned and arched up. 

"Want me to fuck you?" Tyler asked. 

"Yeah." Matt gasped pushing back towards him. 

Tyler pushed his trousers down and grabbed his cock, pulling the plug out he chuckled when Matt whimpered. Replacing his cock with the plug as quickly as he could, he started thrusting into Matt. 

"You like this big fat cock inside your ass?" Tyler said roughly. Grabbing Matt's hair he tugged it to bare his neck. Matt moaned and nodded. 

"Want me to fuck you until you can't walk." The elevator was filled with the sounds of heavy breathing and flesh slapping flesh. Matt moaned and reached down to grab his cock but Tyler smacked his hand away with a growl. 

"Mine." Tyler growled and started pounding into Matt that he had no choice to hold onto the railings. Tyler angled his cock to rub over his sweet spot. Matt whimpered as his cock started to swell and twitch.

Tyler's hand came down hard on his ass and that was all what was needed to bring Matt to his orgasm. Matt moaned and watched as his cock shot rope after rope of creamy white come over the floor. 

"Fuck yes, take my load." Tyler shouted as come filled Matt's asshole. Tyler's teeth were in Matt's shoulder and with a moan Tyler pulled his cock away from Matt's ass. 

"I hate that part." 

"Me too, baby me too." Tyler smacked Matt on the ass one more time and his his neck. Tyler's teeth had grabbed him there too.

Matt groaned and rubbed his neck. "Damn you, I'm going to have so many hickeys Tyler!" Matt groaned. 

"Mhmm." Tyler pushed the release button and the elevator started moving again. 

"I love you, Tyler." Matt said around a yawn.
