 I remember meeting him on a cold winter night as I took one of my usual walks through a nearby and nearly deserted park. I sat on one of the benches, my hands buried deep in the pockets of my coat and enjoying the quiet sound of the leaves brushing together, and suddenly the surprising sound of footsteps.

"All alone at this time of night?" Asked a male voice. Initially, I was confused. I figured I was alone and although I heard footsteps I didn't think they were so close. Little did I know this person, Luke, would become someone I would trust with my life.

We grew close and I, a quiet and shy boy new to love and experiencing the real world became attached to someone I had only heard negative remarks about. 

"Oh, Luke?" Most would ask. "He'll kick anybody's ass without question. He's completely rude." 

I ignore what anybody else has to say about him. And so far, I've been given good reason to. Our first night spent together consisted of me visiting his quaint and comforting home a few weeks after meeting. He told me to pack a spare set of clothing for the night and for the next day, which of course, I was glad to do. 

We spent the evening laughing until our sides ached and watching random television shows on his living room couch. Once night hit, just like any couple would do, we headed into the bedroom. Being a complete virgin to everything except his (and only his) hugs and kisses, I was nervous. Very nervous. To the point that when I was changing into my boxers and t-shirt in his bathroom before crawling into bed with him, I could feel my small hands shaking. 

I distinctly remember looking at myself in the mirror and then down at my body. I could just tell what was to come of the night, and although I was more than happy to give my virginity up to him, I was afraid of the pain or the mistakes I'd probably end up making. But I sucked in my fear and made my way out of the comfort of my alone time in his bathroom and into his warm king-sized bed. 

He smiled warmly at me and rested his arm over the pillow my head would otherwise be laying on, giving me a nice space to cuddle up into. Promply after resting my head on his shoulder I looked up into his eyes and soon his lips came in closer and met mine. I kissed him passionately, just as I always did, but this time it was deeper and more desperate in a sense. I could feel his body shift so he could carefully wrap his arms around me, one of his hands resting on my side. As he did this I couldn't help but smile against his lips and he did the same against mine, yet with an additional playful bite which admittedly make my grin wider. 

After kissing to the point of needing to catch our breath, as we breathed softly against each other's lips, he began to slip my shirt off and soon did the same to his. My slim frame was nothing compared to his toned and fairly muscular build. I looked into his eyes as he trailed his fingers down my body, teasing at the waistband of my boxers. His touch sent shivers down my spine and oddly enough, caused my back to subtly arch. 

He pressed his soft lips to my neck, a sensation that caused my erection to harden more than it possibly ever has. Not to mention force a soft breath out of my lips. 

"This is your first time, isn't it?" He asked softly as his lips grazed my skin. 

I nodded simply in return, "Yeah." I turned to look him dead in the eyes once more and he grinned.

"I promise I'll go easy- as long as you're okay with doing this."

I smiled back at him, giving him a quick peck on the lips. "I want to. I don't want anybody else to be my first." 

Without saying another word, he sat up in bed between my legs as I lay there in bed on my back. He pulled my boxers down slowly to reveal my throbbing cock and causing it to rest against my stomach. Soon after he kicked his own boxers off and I couldn't help but stare momentarily. The size wasn't a surprise as he always liked for me to sit on his lap and by doing that I could get a vague idea of what was through his jeans. 

He leaned over to his nightstand and grabbed out a purple bottle and he flicked the cap open. "It'll be cold." He warned with a slight chuckle laced into his words. "But I promise you'll like it."

I bit my lip and spread my legs open a bit more for him as he poured some of the lubricant over a couple of his fingers. I knew exactly what it was and what was expected of me, but I could only assume considering how new to this whole sex thing I was. 

He looked down into my bright blue eyes and a small noise of surprise escaped my lips as he slid a single finger into me. It was a weird feeling, it wasn't painful but it was just odd. 

"You okay?" He asked sincerely and I replied with a reassuring nod and smile.

"I'm fine, just new to this." I replied. 

He put the bottle off to the side and leaned in close to me, kissing at my collarbone and my neck. He began to move his finger in further and soon added in another when it seemed like I was getting used to the sensation, which I was. 

"I think you're ready for the real thing now." Luke said as he slipped his fingers out of me. I felt empty and almost wanted to put them back in, it was just started to feel really nice. But after thinking about it for just a second, the real thing was probably so much better. And it was.

He positioned the head of his cock right at my entrance, just barely pushing in at first, so little that I wasn't yet penetrated. It was this moment that I realized our lack of a condom, but I was so filled with lust and trust that I didn't care nor did I think about it again. I very gently rested my hands on the sides of his neck as he positioned my legs around his waist. 

"Tell me if it hurts, Sage." He told me.

"I will." I replied, biting my lip and letting him take full control.

He slowly slid into me, causing me to gasp softly, but so little as to not worry him but just to get the point across that I was still adjusting to having something so large in a space only just big enough. He kissed my neck and moved his sexy body against mine as he thrusted further into me. I wrapped my arms around his neck and closed my eyes. 'I thought it would hurt more than this.' I remember thinking to myself. 

Soon after I reached the point of being able to take in most of his cock he reached his hand down and began to pump my cock in such a pleasureful way that it caused me to moan and whimper, more than I had been. The feeling of his breath and moans against my neck paired with the sensation of his hand firmly around my cock forced my eyes shut. Never had my body been consumed with so much pleasure.

It didn't take long for him to be able to thrust into me fairly quickly and deep without causing me pain. Somehow it was like he knew just when to stop, just when to ease up, just when to keep going, and just when to pick up the pace. He rested his forehead on my own, causing our moans and heavy breathing to mix nearby both of our lips. 

"I'm getting close." He informed me as he shut his eyes for the first time that night. I knew I was getting close too, very close, and the amount of pleasure rushing through my body left me only able to mumble the words, "Me too."

I could feel his body, especially his hands tremble and he looked at me almost with an expression of worry. Without time to ask him what was wrong, I could feel a sudden warm sensation inside me and I knew then that he was worrying about forgetting to pull out. I smiled to reassure him that it was okay and almost immediately after I came as well, shooting my load all over my chest and stomach.

We stayed remotely still for a few moments, allowing our bodies to calm down. I remember how sexy his grin was before he licked every last drop of my cum off my body and how sexy his chuckle was after doing so.

"How'd you like that?" He asked, his eyes gleaming with hope and curiosity.

"I loved it." I replied, planting a soft kiss on his cheek.

Without uttering a single more word, we both got adjusted and snuggled up together. I fell asleep in his arms for the first time that night contently, only wondering what the morning would bring us.