 "Life comes at ya' from all sides." Henry used to tell me. "Trick is to find the opportunity in all the mess." Henry had been a friend and mentor. I had bought his house when he was forced to move into an assisted living facility. There were a few things left behind in a box in the attic and I had tracked him down to return them. It turned out, Henry had served with my dad in Korea and the early years of Vietnam. They had never met, but there was a good chance my dad had dropped supplies for Henry and his men. We had bonded and become friends. I would go and listen to him tell the same stories every week until he finally lost that last battle and went to be with his Margie.

I thought about Henry today for a couple of reasons. First, he had passed a year ago, today, and second, well, life was coming at me from all sides in a big way and I was struggling to find the opportunity in all the mess. 

And then my phone rang.

I guess I should explain. I had contractors coming to my house to revamp some plumbing and electric on Monday. I had to be gone for two weeks. My sister had bailed on letting me stay at her place because my mom wanted to come visit and, well, I'd kick me out for my mom, too. I had no idea where I was going to stay for two weeks and I had just left a meeting with my boss and HR, during which I had been laid off. Part of some big reorg. I wasn't overly worried because the job market for software engineers in Austin was hot and the company was going to keep paying me for the next three months, with benefits. 

It was just the next two weeks.

Like I said, life was in my face, big time. And then my phone rang. 

I had special ordered her from the factory in Milwaukee just before the first of the year because none of the Harley dealerships had the specific combination I wanted. She was a life-long dream and I wanted exactly what I wanted. My annual bonus had paid for her. It took them a little over three months to put her together and today, I got the call.

I checked the weather and it looked clear for the next week to ten days so, I booked a one-way flight to Chicago. I could take the train from there. I drove home and put my car in the garage and called an Uber. 

The flight to Chicago was uneventful and the train ride to Milwaukee was nice. I spent the weekend in a Holiday Inn Express a few blocks from the factory and walked over the first thing in Monday morning to pick my girl up. The people at the Harley Davidson factory were awesome. Possibly something to do with the 30k I had paid them, but I think they were just good people. I got a tour and even got to meet the finish team that rolled my bike off the line. They all complimented me on my choices and when I saw her for the first time, I knew it had been worth the wait. She was gorgeous, just the right amount of chrome and leather and her custom pipes, well, she wasn't going to be ignored.

I bought a new full-face helmet with a built-in heads-up display and the rep showed me how to sync it to my phone. Of course, I had to get a 'real' Harley jacket. I filled out the paper work and she was mine. 

I went back to the hotel and checked out. I still had time to grab a bite at the continental breakfast. Bacon and eggs, a Danish and a glass or orange juice and I was good to go.

I checked the weather one more time, just to be sure. A huge storm, one of those polar vortex things that had been hanging out over Nebraska for the past week, the one the weather guys had been sure was not going anywhere, had decided to make a break for it.

The most easterly route that was reasonable went through Memphis. I was nine hours away, and they were predicting the storm would be there in seven. I strapped on my helmet, started her up and went for it figuring if I could just get far enough south, the storm would slide by behind me. I put the weather map up in my heads-up so I could track the storm and prayed. It looked like this sucker wanted to be in New Orleans for Spring Break. I was fucked.

Six hours down the road, the wind started pushing me around. I could look to the west and see the beast bearing down on me. When a gust almost put me in front of a north-bound truck, I took the next exit and found the closest motel. It wasn't anything more that a spot on the side of the road. It did have a gas station and a small diner attached to the lobby, so if I got stuck, I would at least be able to eat. I parked my bike under the awning in front of the gas station, grabbed my bag and stepped into the lobby of the motel. 

I was third in line for a room, waiting my turn as the lady behind the counter took care of the other refugees from the coming storm. We all watched and waited nervously for the storm to hit. In this part of the country, you never knew what something like this could bring with it; hail, high winds or possibly a tornado. It was a crap shoot.

I got the last room and had just taken my key, when a red GMC Sierra hauling a box trailer pulled under the gas station awning to hide from the storm. The driver made a mad dash to the lobby just ahead of a torrent of rain that quickly turned to hail and then sleet and then snow.

"I'm sorry mister. I just rented my last room." The desk clerk was visibly upset that she couldn't help the guy. "Next place is about thirty miles. I can call them for you if you like."

He turned back to the door. "Hey, wait. You don't know me, and I don't know you, but I'm by myself and I don't mind sharing. Hell, I've done worse and I don't think anybody should be out driving around in that shit." I smiled at him and extended my hand. "Mike, Mike Wilson."

"You sure about this" he asked.

I pointed out the window at the storm and shrugged my shoulders. "Your call. I'm good either way."

"Jim Granger." He took my hand. "Thanks. I promise I don't snore." He laughed.

I turned to the clerk and she already had a second key ready. "That's mighty nice of you mister Wilson. I added a complementary breakfast for the both of you onto your room."

"Thanks, but it's just the right thing to do," I handed Jim the key. "107, I'll see you there." I picked up my bag and headed to the room.

Jim was about five minutes behind me. He had to park his truck and grab his stuff. I had pulled the curtain all the way open and spun a chair around. I had my feet propped up and was watching the world turn white. We didn't get weather like this in Austin. While I loved watching it snow, I just didn't want to live in it. I had no idea how I was going to get home. At least I had two weeks to figure it out.

Jim burst through the door bringing an icy cold gust of Artic air with him. "Shit, I hate this stuff. This is exactly why I left Kansas City for Austin. I can't stand this kind of weather." He dropped his bags on the bed and pulled a chair up next to mine.

"It sure is pretty though," I added.

"At least I'm not the poor sap on the bike. I'd hate to be him right now." He pointed across the parking lot at my new Harley parked at the gas station.

"Yeah, me too. Unfortunately, I don't have a choice." I told him I was headed to Austin, too, and about picking up the bike and misjudging the weather.

"Well, maybe I can repay a favor with a favor. I've got room in my trailer for another bike and it sounds like we're headed the same way. What do you think? I mean, it's your call, I'm good either way."

We both laughed. "Sounds like a deal. I'll even help with the gas."

"You thirsty?" he got up and pulled a pint of Jack Daniels from his suitcase.

"Absolutely. Man after my own heart. I wish I had thought of that." I smiled.

Jim poured two hefty glasses of whisky and rejoined me by the window. We sat for a while, talking about bikes and watching the snow. I told him about how I had always wanted 'this' bike and was finally able to get it. Jim bought old Yamahas and rebuilt them. He had found an old XS 11 in Chicago and was taking it back to Austin to rebuild and then flip. Just a hobby. We kidded each other about our choices in bikes for a bit and slowly settled into silence as we finished our drinks.

It had gotten late, and Jim was the first to move. He finished his drink and headed for the bathroom. He came out of the bathroom in his boxers, "What side do you want?" he asked. 

"Doesn't matter." I got up to take my turn.

Jim and I were about the same size, both over six feet and in good shape. The bed was barely big enough for the two of us but after seven hours on a bike, I was tired and didn't care. Jim was already asleep when I came out of the bathroom, so I guessed he didn't either. I slid in next to him and was out before I knew it.

My bladder woke me up in the middle of the night and I found that Jim had rolled over next to me and had put his arm around me. My subconscious evidently didn't care because I found I was holding his arm in place with mine. Our shared body heat made for a nice warm bed. I caught myself smiling at the idea, pushed the thought from my mind and climbed out of the bed before I wet it.

"Oh, shit." I heard Jim say behind me as the light came on.

I came out of the bathroom to find him sitting bolt upright as far to this side of the bed as he could get. "Listen, I'm sorry about that. I don't know what to say. You are nice enough to share and then I pull that shit." He was obviously upset with himself.

"Look. It's OK. I kind of took that risk when I invited a total stranger to share my room, right?" I sat on the edge of the bed, "So, you want to tell me what's going on, or do we just do the 'guy thing' and pretend it didn't happen? Personally, we're both awake and I'd like to know a little more about the guy I'm sharing my room with."

"You're not pissed?" he asked almost incredulously.

"Nah. What good does getting upset do in a situation like this." I smiled, "Besides, it was my fault, too." He looked at me curiously. "Evidently, at some level, I was OK with it. I was holding your arm against my chest when I woke up. I've never actually experienced anything like that before, but it just, sort of, felt right. Does that make sense?" Jim's jaw visibly dropped.

"So, you're OK with me cuddling you like that?" he asked.

"I don't know, Jim. Like I said, I've never been there before. So, I'm guessing you're gay or something, right." Our eyes met and he looked away.

"Yes. I should have told you, but I really didn't want to sleep in my truck, and I didn't think anything like that would happen. I'm not like that at all."

"Look, no harm no foul. This bed is small and, like I said, I was cuddling you, too. I think I'm ok with it as long as that's all it is, understand?" he nodded, "Great now let's get some sleep. It's been a long day."

I slid back under the covers as Jim hit the light. He pulled close to me and draped his arm over my side as it had been before. I fell asleep thinking to myself, "I really don't mind this at all."

I woke up in bed by myself. Jim was in the bathroom taking care of business and I found that I was a little disappointed that he was not next to me. I put the feeling out of my head, got up and pulled the drapes open to find four feet of snow as far as I could see. We weren't going anywhere.

"Good morning. You sleep, OK?" Jim asked from behind me.

"Yeah. I said just fine. You?" I asked awkwardly.

"You sure? You sound a little put off," I could hear him walking up behind me.

"To be honest, Jim," I said as I turned around. "I'm more bothered by the fact that it didn't bother me." He was fucking naked. His chest was muscular and his stomach tight with a hint of a six-pack. It was all covered with just the right amount of hair, enough to be masculine without being gross, I thought of a young Sean Connery. It was all I could do to not look at his damn cock. I turned back to the window as he grabbed some boxers from his suitcase.

"I actually know what you mean. Listen, I'll head over to breakfast and give you some space. Maybe another room came open and it won't be a problem any more, OK?" He put his hand on my shoulder and I could feel my cock start to swell.

"Sounds good." I turned around and moved past him into the bathroom, hoping he hadn't seen my burgeoning erection. I turned the shower on and climbed in, grabbed my cock and started masturbating. I came hard. It was both great and terrifying. 'What is it with this guy? I mean, he's a guy and I don't know anything about him, and this is what he does to me." I asked myself out loud.

The room was empty when I left the bathroom. I grabbed some clean clothes from my suitcase and quickly got dressed. Pulling my jacket on. I braved the cold and headed to the diner.

Jim waved at me from a booth by the window and I felt a warm feeling in my gut. I smiled as I made my way across the room and slid in across from him. There was a cup of coffee waiting for me. "How do you like it," he asked as he offered me the cream and sugar. "Your coffee?" he clarified, smiling at me and making me wonder if he had done that on purpose.

It took me a minute to get the thoughts that came with his question out of my head. "Black is good." I said. I grabbed a menu and hid behind it trying to find any sense of composure. I hadn't felt anything like this since Paula Richards hat sat at my table for lunch in Jr. High.

I was seriously crushing on this total stranger, and a guy. I had no idea how or why it could be happening. 

The waitress took our order and by the time we had finished breakfast, I was back to myself again. We stopped by the motel lobby and confirmed what I already knew, there were no open rooms and it would be tomorrow at the earliest before the snowplows got this far out. I was both comforted by the thought of Jim's arms around me again and terrified that I felt that way.

I thought of Henry, Life was definitely coming at me from all sides and in this case, it was the blind side.

We got back to the room and Jim's phone was ringing. He had missed ten calls while we were at breakfast. He answered it and after listening for a few minutes waiting for the person on the other end to breathe, explained where he was and why. "OK, let me get online and I'll take a look. I'll let you know if I can find anything. god dammit!" he shouted as he slammed his phone onto the bed. 

It was my turn to put my hand on his shoulder, "Anything I can help you with?"

"Not unless you just happen to be a software guru or something." He was fuming.

"Depends," I offered, "What tech stack are we talking about?"

"No shit! Microsoft. What do you know about SQL Server and .Net, Entity Framework, Javascript, and all that stuff?"

I smiled, "Tell me what you got, and I'll see what I can do. I think I saw a Wi-Fi sign in the diner."

He grabbed his laptop. "I'll explain o the way."

I grabbed mine just in case and followed him out the door.

They had pushed a release over the weekend. It was the last thing the developer that wrote the code had done before he left for a better job. It worked fine yesterday but this morning, of course, it failed and they needed a fix, yesterday. 

Jim logged onto the site and got a big white screen. They were down. He looked lost. "I'm guessing you haven't coded in a while. May I?"

He shoved his laptop across the table to me. I checked a few things and saw pretty quickly what we were dealing with. It was a common error and easy to miss and, also easy to fix. "Do you have the front-end code? I think I can help you." I pulled the code from their source control and after about an hour, we had fixed the problem, his ops team had republished the code and the site was up and running again.

Jim grabbed my face and kissed me full on the lips. I couldn't breathe. "I think we should go back to the room. People are looking..." I whispered with what little air I had. Jim was mortified. I was, intrigued, and petrified.

The door hadn't even closed, Jim dropped his computer, "Listen Mike, I am so sorry. It's just that we were dead in the water and you just fixed it like it was nothing. I lost it. I... It will never happen again. I swear."

I set my laptop down and just looked at him. He was sincerely sorry. It suddenly hit me what the problem was, there was something going on that we both wanted, and I was too afraid to let myself want it. There was something about Jim. I couldn't put my finger on it. I had sensed it the moment he walked into the motel lobby looking for a room. It was the reason I had offered to share with a total stranger. It was an animal attraction I had never felt or let myself feel before.

He was looking at his feet and still apologizing when I put my finger on his lips. He looked up and his eyes met mine. I slid my arms around his neck and kissed him. It was warm and sweet and tears he was crying made it a little salty. I pulled back and smiled at him.

"What was that?" he looked at me confused.

"I should be apologizing to you," I said. I didn't know it until now, but I was the one setting you up all along.

Admit it. You felt it too, as soon as you walked into the motel lobby, that energy, that connection. It's why I offered to share my room. I just didn't know what it was. I had never felt anything like this with a guy before and as attracted as I am, I am just as confused. Last night when I woke up win your arms, I knew I belonged there. This morning when you I saw you naked and you touched my shoulder. Hell, Jim, I had to go beat off in the shower. And when you kissed me, it clicked. I want to be with you. I want you to teach me what that means. I want to..."

Jim slid his arms around my waist and pulled me close, kissing me passionately. I slid my arms around his neck and drove my tongue deep into this mouth, images of his naked body filled my mind. I could feel the blood rushing to my groin. Fear and excitement and confusion and clarity swirled in my brain as I tried to figure out what I was doing and why. I realized I didn't care and wanted whatever was next. Jim and I collapsed onto the bed, our lips still joined and our tongues dancing inside each other's mouth, we began pulling each other's clothes off.

We were soon naked next to each other and I just stopped.

"What's wrong?" Jim asked, "Are you alright? If you want to stop, I understand. That's ok."

"No." I said, "That's not it, I just want to look at you." I leaned up on my elbow and started running my hand through the hair on his chest and stomach. "I've never seen a man like this before. I mean I've seen guys naked but never looked at them with these eyes. Does that make sense?" My eyes drifted down to his cock. "You're going to have to teach me what to do with that, you know." I smiled at him. "Everything we do will be my first time. Can you handle that?" I ran the back of my fingers along the bottom of his cock and across his balls.

"I think the question is, can you handle that?" he rolled me onto my back, "Now let me look at you." His eyes were hungry as he caressed my body with his hands. He found my nipples and pinched them between his fingers. I let out a soft moan and his mouth returned to mine, kissing me tenderly. His tongue traced a line across my cheek to my neck. I arched my head back as if I were offering my throat to a vampire, letting the emotions swirl in my head, the passion chasing the trepidation from my mind and the fear melting quietly into nothingness until there was nothing left but clarity. I belonged to Jim. Whatever that meant, I wanted it.

Jim kissed and caressed his way along my collar bone and slowly down my chest until his mouth found my breast. He bit my nipple lightly eliciting a soft moan, "Oh, Jim. Yes please." I whispered softly as he began to suckle and tease my breast with his mouth.

I could feel his hand moving slowly across my stomach, taking its time as if memorizing every detail in its path. His mouth followed closely behind, leaving a trail of damp kisses in its wake. The anticipation was more than I could handle, "god, please Jim, please, just, please..." I begged.
