 We could not lay there dozing long, because the tide came up and wet our feet, I was still laughing about that when it lifted my butt off the sand. Now we had further to go to the boat, but Lance stayed with me and I had my first swimming lesson that morning. We walked and bounced 'til our feet left the ground then Lance half-supported me while I sort of dog paddled out to the boat. I had not seen him do it on the previous night, but Lance had thrown the rope ladder over the side, so getting back on board was merely difficult. Once on board, Lance went about stowing things away and doing general pick up and clean up from the night before. We didn't speak much as he went about the chores, but I watched his lithe body working, trim and muscular and efficient, his weighty cock swaying like a leaded pendulum with his movements. I could not help but grin at how my attitude toward everything had changed in less than 24 hours. Here I was openly admiring the body of another male, with no regret or shame at what I had done and had done to me the night before. Here I was, prancing around naked of the deck of a boat with another person without the slightest embarrassment. In previous situations I had always hurriedly covered my nakedness, worried about what others might think if I became erect looking at another male. Also previously, my conviction that my penis was somehow inordinately small had made me hide my body in shame. But this person, this man, loved my body, loved my cock as it is, small or not.

I gazed off the port stern and watched the golden sun reestablish its glittering pathway to eternity on the face of the swelling sea. I was overcome with the intensity of the emotions flooding over me about myself, Lance and the previous night.

"Neal, Neal, Ne-al, NEAL!" Lance called for the fourth time. 

"Huh, Wha," was my brilliant response. 

"I said, did you want to put these back on?" Lance was holding out my shorts and shirt.

"What do you think? Are you gonna get dressed? I don't want to run around naked with you sitting there fully dressed gawking at me But if you don't care, right now things seem so right I may never get dressed again."

Lanced laughed softly. "Come here," he asked, extending his hand in my direction. It was more than a request, but not quite a command. More like an assumption I would comply with his simple wish. On the other hand, he could have come to me. No matter, I went to him without demurring. He put his arm around my shoulder and drew me to him, sort of like tucking me under his wing, then turned and kissed my lips lightly. "I am so happy you are here."

"I am so happy to be here."

"Not sorry you came? Not worried about the bad old man seducing you?"

"Too late!" I started laughing then and couldn't stop. What triggered my risibility was the thought that a few of the things I had been afraid Lance would do to me less than 24 hours ago, I had already done to him.

"You are such a sweetie," Lance said. "you want some breakfast?"

"God I am starving."

"Well,you can come down to the galley and help me cook, but you'll have to wear an apron, I wouldn't want you to splash something and burn that beautiful cock of yours," and so saying he ran his open hand over me.

"Lance?"

"Yes Neal?"

"Did I do okay this morning?"

Laughing again. "You did wonderful. I have never had a better alarm clock wake me. How about last night, what I did to you last night. Was that all right?"

"Oh god, Lance are you kidding. Yesterday and last night are the best day and night of my life so far."

"Hmm, you said so far. You plan on more?"

"Many more, I hope. Will you help me make them?"

" Oh Neal, I surely will!"

"Promise?"

"Shake on it!" He put his hand out, but when I reached, he avoided my hand and shook my dick, so instead of shaking his hand I shook his dick, too.

We spent the next two hours preparing bacon and eggs and sausage and pancakes and fresh strawberries and whipped cream. We sat across from one another naked and consumed this feast. In the end I was so full I thought I would never eat again. I was just pushing back my chair when Lance sprayed me full in the face with whipped cream. While pretending to be overly offended by the whipped cream, I surreptitiously picked up a small bowl of warm maple syrup and dumped it over Lance's head. This set off a food fight that involved pancake batter an strawberries and whipped cream and any other food type that could be thrown, poured or other wise impelled at the others body. It ended with us wrestling around on the floor of the cabin in a coagulated mess of food, laughing hysterically. 

For a few minutes after the fight had ceased, we continued laughing, then, suddenly, Lance leaned over me and licked a glob of batter from my right nipple. I responded by flicking up some whipped cream from his navel. Things turned joyfully serious as we proceeded to lick many other things from many other places. "Have you ever sucked a strawberry and whipped cream cock?"

Exhausted, we lay panting for several minutes. Finally Lance said, "Let's take a shower."

"Together?" I asked.

"Is there any other way?"

We rose from the floor and Lance stood behind me and, placing his hands on my hips, guided me into the shower room of the master cabin. Lance adjusted the heat of the shower to a barely tolerable heat, stepped under the spray, handed me the soap and said, "Me first!"

I had never washed another person's body, so it took a moment to get started. I rubbed the liquid soap in my hands until I had worked up a good deal of foam. A rich aroma of sage and bay rose up as I began by washing Lances hair. What an intimate experience it was to wash another person's hair. I stood behind lance and ran my soapy fingers through his hair. He sighed deeply; I could feel him relax against me as I used my fingertips and fingernails to scrub his scalp.

Next I moved my hands down to lave his neck and shoulders. I discovered new sensations, new revelations about myself as my hands worked their cleansing and relaxing magic on Lance's body. I discovered that giving pleasure to another person could turn me on more than anything they could do to me. My granite hard penis was soon poking the back of Lance's legs. I stepped back a half step to allow room to scrub his back, his waist, his firm butt cheeks. I squirted more body wash onto my hands and worked up more rich foam. As I sought with my fingers to wash between lance's tight brown cheeks, he spread his legs and lifted one leg to allow me full access, supporting himself with one hand against the shower wall. I used all my fingertips and fingernails to thoroughly scrub his ass, dipping inside several times and turning my fingers round and round inside his rectum to wash him inside and out, even scrubbing the curly dark hair which rimmed his tight hole. His deep moans excited me deeply, lengthening and hardening my cock even further. I knelt, added more soap to wash his inner thighs, his legs, front and back, avoiding his low hung ball sack and his raging dick for the time being. I used my hands on his hips to turn hum to face me, knelt again, but on one knee, then took each of his feet in turn, washing each of his toes separately paying special attention to that meaty area behind and below each toe.

Continuing to avoid lance's genitals, I rose and rinsed my hands thoroughly, then used my fingertips to gently wash his face. Somehow this act seemed much more intimate and sexy than washing the inside of his ass. I lingered over this task, rubbing his nose between my fingers and spending much time on each ear.

At his chest, my main point of focus was his dark nest of chest hair, which spread to encircle each of his chestnut brown nipples, then dove to form a dark arrow pointing straight to his cock and balls. I paused on the way to thoroughly wash his belly button, then used both hands to scrub his balls and the area between his inner thighs and his sizable ball sack.

I had saved the best for last and knelt once again to wash Lance's hefty cock. I started by using both hands to wash the length of him, kneading gently with my thumbs and fingers. Next I held his long wrinkled foreskin tight back against his body while I soaped the bulging head, round and round, spreading the little cock lips to very gently wash inside. Last, I slid his foreskin forward over one finger and soaped around under it, then turned his body slightly to rinse the whole thing under the hot spray. Working his foreskin up and back to ensure complete rinsing. His cock felt heavy in my hands and I wondered, not for the first time, what it would be like to walk around all day every day with so much between my legs. I didn't know how he felt, but I surely would be thinking of sex all the time if I had to lug that mass around. Once he was rinsed, I took the fat head of his cock in my mouth, licking and sucking, feeling the pulse of him throbbing in my mouth. Tongue still working I took him in my throat as deeply as I could, sucking and working my throat muscles around his hardness. I took Lance's hand in mine and laid his fingers on my throat so he could feel his throbbing dick inside. sliding in and out. Grinning, I leaned back against the shower wall, slid his manhood from my throat and handed him the container of body wash. "Your turn Lance," I teased.

Unlike me, Lance had a definite agenda in mind. Therefore, his bathing of me was very perfunctory until he arrived at certain targeted body parts. He finished the front of me, my hair and face and chest in short order, did a thorough cleansing of my cock and balls and legs and feet. When he began to wash my back, however, things slowed considerably.

He stood very close behind me, urging me forward until there was very little space between me and the shower wall. Lance's normally enormous cock, even longer, even harder than usual from all the attention I had given it, stabbed firmly against my lower back as his strong delicate hands began to massage my neck and shoulders. He moved a little to one side so his dick was now poking at my waist. His left hand continued to wash and rub my neck and shoulders. His right hand began to vigorously work on the cheeks of my ass. The massage of my buttocks and back was firm and deep, so hearty that I felt all tension, all fear, melt away like the soap suds which swirled down the drain. Soon lance was letting his index finger slip into me from time to time, then quickly out again. Two fingers then began to slide up and down in my crack, sending a small shock to the head of my cock each time they ran across my sensitive ass hole. Lance pressed harder and harder on my neck and back until I had no choice but to bend part way over, exposing more of my ass to his sight and attention. When his hand left my back, I took the hint and stayed bent over as he moved more directly behind me. 

Now Lance used both hands on my ass. The thumb of one hand stretched me open as the fingers of the other, slippery with the foamy soap, worked at my tight entrance. To my surprise, he was able to work one finger deep inside me with a very minimum of pain. Lance kept pulling the finger out, soaping it up, then reinserting it. He alternated turning his index finger round and round only a little way inside me with plunging it deep in me and curving it toward the front of my body, seeking to massage my prostate. I laid the palms of my hands flat on the shower wall, spread my legs further, and bent over as far as possible, my tender pink and white ass cheeks, my hairless red hole now pointing slightly upward.

Still using slippery soapsuds, Lance now flicked a second finger inside me, barely penetrating past my clutching sphincter. Then deeper and deeper until both his index and middle finger were plunged all the way in me. I began to moan, the pain only slight, a vast store of pleasure opening and rolling out from somewhere deep in me. He rubbed the two fingers rapidly back and forth on each other inside me. Waves of pain and pleasure crashed over me. Finally, he used both middle fingers, inserting them up to the second knuckle and pulling gently outward, circling around the circumference of my cherry hole, opening me, stretching me.

"This is it," I said to myself. "This is when he rams that monster in me and fucks me royally." I braced myself for the wave of pain I knew would overwhelm me when his massive, iron hard dick penetrated me.

But that did not happen. Lance put his arms around me and stood me up. He spun me face toward him and kissed me deeply. Our tongues flicked and licked and twisted around one another. Teeth nibbled tongues and lips. Lance reached and turned off the water and we stood there for a few minutes, kissing and touching everywhere and clinging to one another as if our lives depended on it. Inside my head I was trying to decide if I was disappointed.

"Let's go exploring," Lance said, bounding out of the shower, grabbing two huge fluffy white towels and tossing me one. "Do you have any desire to put clothes on?"

"Do I need them?"

"Not really, I think maybe you should put shoes on in case you step on something. It kind of depends on whether we go inland or stay on the shore. I have some rubber bathing shoes you can wear. They are ideal for running around on a beach. Are you sure you don't want to wear clothes? You are the most comfortable person without clothes I have ever met."

"Only since I met you. I have never been naked in front of another person, except maybe as a baby. What about sun block?"

"I don't need it. If you do, rumble around in that drawer under the com center, I think there is some in there." 

Once on deck, lance took four long strides, threw himself over the side in a long graceful dive, entered the water with barely a splash and was already swimming when he surfaced. I walked to the edge and jumped over. When I surfaced, Lance was there waiting, arms open to draw me in. God how I was starting to love this man! We swam together toward shore. I was rapidly gaining confidence in my ability to move in the water.

Half way to shore, Lance turned on his back, grasped my hands and drew me on top of him. As I slid over his body, his long fat prick bobbled along my face, my neck, my chest and came finally to rest just below my navel. Even soft, it was a mass to reckon with. Lance hooked my hands behind his neck and began a powerful broad back stroke that brought us to shallow water quickly, but not so quickly that I hadn't begun to relish the feeling of his penis lying against me. 

Upon reaching shore, Lance remained lying in the shallows, my body atop him, drew me up higher to kiss my lips and face, run his hands over my back and ass, and speak tender words into my mouth. "Oh Neal, I care about you so much. You have taken my life, my soul. Be with me, stay with me, don't leave me ever!" His words of endearment moved me deeply and excited me to the core. Let the naysayers speak their drivel, nothing is as sexually exciting as words of love, at least for me. My long straight manhood became instantly hard as a railroad spike. Overwhelmed by immense feelings of love and gratitude, I slid down lance's body and quickly took his huge raging cock deep in my throat. Moving as rapidly as I could, I masturbated him with my mouth. Gagging over and over but fighting it, breathing through my nose, I moved on him hard and fast, strong and deep, continuously, mercilessly, until he cried out, discharging a huge load of thick cum deep in my throat. Feeling an immense sense of power, grinning like a cat that ate the canary, I rose from his inert form and ran off down the beach. "Well are we going exploring or not?" I taunted. "Come on!"

Some ways down the beach Lance caught up with me. We frolicked and jostled down the beach, playing grab-ass and pinching poking and grabbing at one another playfully until we came to the edge of the forest, where we proceeded more carefully. All at once we were in a wonderland of green, rich and moist and teeming with life. Glorious birds of rainbow colors flitted under canopies of tall trees. The air was moist enough to be close to rain at all times. Monkeys chattered from the tops of trees and other unidentified things crawled around on the forest floor. I was at once grateful that I had worn the bathing sandals Lance had provided.

Despite the noise from a variety of birds and animals, the forest seemed unnaturally quiet as we picked our way down scarcely traveled paths. Ahead I glimpsed an area in which the forest seemed suffused with a golden aura. As we drew closer, I saw that it was a clearing in the jungle cut by a small river. Fragrant small and large flowers of every hue grew on the mossy riverbanks. Flickery fluttery butterflies fluttered by and a roaring waterfall tumbled three stories. It seemed I had suddenly stumbled into Eden. Lance came up softly beside me and placed his arm gently around my waist. "How could I ever thank you enough for bringing all this into my life?" I asked Lance, resting my head against his chest. He took my hand and led me into the fast moving water, right up under the falls. The water was so clear, so refreshing that it felt as if I were being continually baptized. He turned me into his arms and we kissed deeply. It seemed strange to me how easily I had adapted to kissing a face bristling with unshaved whiskers. There was no urgency to our union then, it was a slow melting together of our two selves, as if we could become one merely by wishing it so. Slowly our two different penises rose to meet and caress each other. Slowly they stretched and hardened. Our hands drifted softly and slowly over each others body, stopping to linger first here, then there. A nipple, the inside of a thigh, the sensitive vulnerable space under an ear. 

Lance's fingers dusted lightly over the firm curves of my ass, drifting gently between the cheeks to probe. My hand slid between our bodies to circle both our cocks with thumb and forefinger, easing his foreskin back to rub out cock heads together. One again, Lance's penis amazed me. That oh so exciting blend of hard and soft, of generous and awesome, exactly like the love we shared. Oh how I loved and feared it, that rigid, ominous shaft I knew was fated to pierce me. My body trembled at every extremity from the chilling water and Lance's chilling, rousing touch. I leaned against him heavily as if in surrender, but I somehow knew that time of submission, of total release had not yet come.

Lance swept me easily into his arms, carried me swiftly to the shore, and lay me down in the bed of soft moss. Kneeling over me, he kissed my face and neck, nibbled sharply under my ear, took my Adam's apple between his lips and sucked it like a cock. His teeth nipped a sharp tattoo along my shoulders and moved down. 

The whole experience was languid, ethereal almost, exquisite in the extreme. I raised my chest to met him as his eager mouth took in the large brown aureole surrounding my left nipple then the right, sucking softly, then harder. Then his tongue curled around each pink nipple. When his teeth bit sharply for one brief moment, I cried out to the chittering birds above. Lance's mouth, his lips and tongue and teeth continued their way down my hairless young body to the nest of strawberry curls surrounding my genitals. By the time his tongue lapped at my cock's tight pink head, my hips were already bucking upward toward him. 

Lance slid forward over my chest and offered me his long thick dark cock. Once again, the foetid, raunchy man smell of him was like a drug to my heightened senses. I bent my head slightly, forcing his foreskin back over the deep brown sloppy head of his cock with my pursed lips until the mass of him entered my throat. I took my time, savoring the hot musky taste of him, the heavy full feel of him filling my mouth, my throat, as he hunched his hips gently forward and back again in long slow thrusts, one of my nipples sliding back and forth in his ass crack with each thrust. Lance pulled his cock from my mouth, my throat and took its mass into his hand. Kneeling up a bit higher, he used the sopping wet head of his dick like a paint brush to smear his juices on my face. He painted my eyelids and my nose. He slathered his wetness in my ears, made a swath across my throat, carefully painted my lips as if with lipstick. He slid down and smeared each of my nipples, capturing each one for a few seconds within his dark wrinkled foreskin.
