 James Bailey had been in the US Navy for just over a year, and he felt really good about the repeal of the "Don't ask; don't tell" policy. He still wasn't going to noise around his sexual orientation, because he considered it to be nobody's business but his and whoever his partner was at any given time, but he was relieved that the threat of expulsion from the Navy no longer existed. He was enough of a patriot to be glad of the chance to serve his country and also liked the fact there were so many hard cocks available for him to give pleasure to and take pleasure from. 

On the aircraft carrier U S S Lyndon B. Johnson, which was James's first duty assignment, there were female shipmates, but many of them were lesbians with no sexual interest in men, and many were officers, with no interest in sex with anybody but other officers. The few remaining had their choice of almost any of the thousands of men on the ship, and they could be picky indeed. This meant most of the men either masturbated, went without any kind of sexual pleasure or got to know him and other gay shipmates. James liked this arrangement, and he was not picky, enjoying getting his ass or mouth, sometimes both at the same time, filled by a variety of cocks. 

He did have his favorites, however, and one of those was Aaron Bonds, a tall, athletic young man who happened to be one of those mythical folks: The hung black stud. Aaron's cock was close to a foot long, and James was never able to take its entire length in his mouth, although he enjoyed trying. What he liked most of all was lying face down on his bunk or some other place with Aaron's huge cock plowing in and out of his ass while he got himself off with his own right hand. 

One day, when James had just gone off duty and was feeling horny, he strolled into the day room and smiled at the sight of his favorite man reading a book as he sat in a comfortable chair. Besides being tall and dark, Aaron was quite a handsome man, and might have been a favorite among the enlisted women on the ship. However, he basically rejected that idea. He was not gay, and would have preferred the company and the sexual companionship of women, but they were so often too much hassle. He never knew what they were thinking or what they wanted while with James, all either of them had to say was something like "Let's go fuck," or words to that effect, and the response would be either yes or no, and that would be the extant of the seduction required. 

On this day, James approached his friend, leaned against the chair and asked "Do you want to go have some fun?" 

"Yeah. My place or yours?" 

Aaron was speaking facetiously, because they slept in the same place -- a large compartment they shared with 48 other men. Where they would go that day was to an unused storage locker with an old mattress on the deck and enough room for them to sit or lie down and fuck. They left together and, if anybody saw them leave and knew where the pair was going, they considered it to be none of their business and said nothing about it. 

Before entering the small space they looked all around and, seeing nobody, ducked inside and turned on the light. Aaron stood by one end of the mattress and James, with no hesitation dropped to his knees, unfastened the belt and waist buttons of his partner's dungarees, and took the semi-hard cock into his mouth. The fact it was not fully erect didn't bother him, because one of the joys of his life was feeling a cock growing stiff inside his mouth, especially one as great as what he was starting to suck. 

It didn't take long for that to happen, and he could feel the big shaft growing and crowding his mouth, until he had to move back slightly and start stroking the fully-erect cock between his lips. It was so long, he could look down at its length and be reminded of an extra large chocolate bar, but Aaron's cock was giving his mouth far more pleasure than any candy ever had.

As he caressed with his lips and tongue, James unfastened his own pants and took his own, much smaller dick out and began fondling it. What he wanted was to suck on Aaron's cock for a few minutes, relishing everything about it, followed by lying face down on the mattress and getting fucked in his ass. If the other man just wanted to be sucked off, that would also be alright too. Either way, James would pump his own cock until he climaxed. 

After two minutes of slowly stroking with his mouth and laving with his tongue, the other man's long, thick shaft was ready. James loved the feel of it, the way its girth spread his mouth so wide and how the smooth skin felt stretched over the hard roundness felt under his tongue, but he knew he would like it even better in surging in and out of his ass. Smiling up at Aaron, he asked "Do you want to fuck me now?" 

"Yeah. Got a rubber?" 

James had made sure he did even before he entered the day room, and he took the plastic packet out of his pocket, opened it and rolled the latex disc onto the stiff cock aimed at him. When it was in place, he took out the small plastic packet of lubricant and handed it to the man standing over him. No words were necessary; everybody on the ship knew what they were used for, there was no need to give any instructions on what to do with it. 

With Aaron ready, he pulled his loose-fitting pants and underwear down to his knees and rolled over onto his belly. From that position, James pushed those two garments down to one of his ankles and all the way off the other foot, so he would be able to spread his legs and fully enjoy the fucking he wanted and knew he was about to get. Before lying completely prone, he put a wad of paper towels under his pubic area, to soak up his cum when he climaxed from his masturbating. 

Neither man would do much more undressing than that, even leaving on their shirts and shoes. Aaron pushed his pants and jockey shorts down to mid-thigh and knelt between the legs that were spread for him. After tearing off the cap of the disposable container of lubricant, he held it in one hand and reached out with the fingers and thumb of the other to spread Jim's asshole. He inserted the open end in the small hole he was creating and squeezed all the contents into the tight ass he was about to start fucking. With the container empty, he stuck it in his pocket and reached into the tight hole with his middle finger to spread the lube evenly. 

James was already squirming happily when he felt the oily liquid gush into his ass, and the finger spreading it felt even better. When that was withdrawn from his ass, he knew Aaron was coating his latex-covered cock with the rest of the lube, so he reached back to spread his cheeks for the imminent invasion. He didn't have to wait very long, because he felt the fingers and thumb of the same hand prying open the edges of the place that was about to get pleasured. Aaron rubbed the tip of his cock in the small hole awaiting him, spreading the lube better, centered it, and thrust forward, grunting softly as he did. When he felt the head of his cock wedge into the place where it was wanted, he sighed with glee. 

James's sound was more a moan of bliss as he felt his ass being stretched wide by the hard instrument of penetration entering him. Seconds later, he moaned more loudly as almost two inches of the thick shaft followed, expanding his rear channel. Aaron's cock was imbedded deeply enough after the second stroke that it was starting to massage Jim's prostate, which he sometimes called his clit, sending waves of pleasure sweeping throughout his body. The fabulous intrusion into his ass continued in small increments, every thrust sending joy crashing from his stretched ass, expanded channel and, most of all, from where the big cock was raking over his prostate gland. 

Aaron was deriving tremendous pleasure from the fucking in the storage locker too. Even with his cock being as big as it was, Jim's ass was tighter than most places it had been, and currents of delight were throbbing through his whole form from where the thick shaft was being massaged. Maybe the best part of fucking another man was that the sex between the two of them would have no strings attached. They were both there for fun, and nothing more than that. 

A final thrust lodged his cock all the way inside the tight hole that felt so good, and he could actually feel his pubic hair brushing the insides of the bottom man's ass cheeks. He placed his hands on James' shoulders and they lay like that for a minute, letting the pleasure mount for both of them, before Aaron started slowly drawing back his cock. He paused for a few seconds with just the head still inside the tight ring of muscle, before driving all the way back inside. This long, deep thrust elicited a grown of bliss from James and a happy sigh from himself. 

"My god, Jim, your ass is tight," Aaron murmured. 

"That's because you're hung like a stud bull. Now really give it to me." 

Aaron started really giving it to his partner, but with long, slow strokes, so the pleasure would last a long time for both of them. He left his hands on James' shoulders for leverage so he could up a steady pace. The lubricant was working perfectly, and he felt no friction, just the tightness of the ass he was fucking and the internal muscles massaging his cock. They continued fucking for a long time, with both men sighing and grunting from the pleasure they were receiving, but otherwise saying nothing, until James wanted to change the position slightly. 

"Let me get up on my knees, so I can fuck back to meet you and get myself off." 

"Okay." 

With his cock buried all the way to the hilt in the tight hole that felt so good, Aaron once again placed his hands on James's hips and pulled himself and his partner into a kneeling position. When he was ready to resume, he was on his knees directly behind Jim, who was also kneeling. Aaron pulled back his cock again and drove it deeply into the ass in front of him. When he felt the very welcome hard cylinder surging into him, James fucked back to meet it. Once again, the men ended their stroke sighing happily with Aaron's curly black pubic hair pressed against the soft insides of his partner's ass cheeks. 

Once again, they remained in that position, letting the intense pleasure throb through both their bodies. To James, it was the greatest feeling in the world, having a big cock crammed into his ass, stretching him open and massaging his prostate, especially when the owner of that cock was a man as considerate as his partner that day. He had an erection too, not as hard or as big as the massive organ that had caused it, but a nice fit for his hand. When Aaron drew that fabulous giver of joy out so just the head was inside and plunged it back, James stroked his own cock in the same rhythm. 

The slow fucking continued, and both men were getting close to their respective climaxes. James could feel his welling up inside him, seeming to come from his entire body, even his fingers and toes, and concentrating in his groin. He was minutes away from cumming, and he knew the time for slowness was over. 

"Fuck me faster, Aaron. Fuck me harder. I'm ready to cum!" 

"Right." 

The tall black sailor shifted his knees slightly and plunged his cock into the tight, oily place where it was so badly wanted. His hands were still on James's hips, and he used them to apply leverage, ramming even harder into the place that wanted so badly to be fucked. Aaron could feel his climax building too, with every thrust, and it felt like a volcano gathering force underground and preparing to erupt. 

Jim matched his pace, sobbing with the exquisite pleasure of having the big, hard cylinder raking across his prostate, both entering and leaving. His hand was moving as fast as his partner, as his climax teetered and exploded out his cock. James shot one burst of his sticky cum onto the wad of towels in front of himself, but kept stroking at the same pace until he had ejaculated twice more. Giving a great sigh of bliss, he sagged forward until he sprawled on top of the mattress, smearing his semen all over the front of his shirt. 

Aaron knew Jim had cum, but he didn't stop or even slow down. He followed his partner down as James sagged forward onto the mattress, until he was on top of him again but, this time, he was not delaying his climax. He continued pounding his cock in and out of his friend's ass until the volcano erupted, and he filled his condom with a big burst of his semen. He also didn't stop at just a single burst of cum, but kept fucking the soft ass under him until he had shot three more wads of his juices into the latex covering. 

The two men lay together in a happy pile, catching their breaths and either of them telling the other what a great fuck he was. Aaron's cock finally softened, and he carefully pulled it from the hole where it had given and received so much pleasure. He removed the condom, and James produced more paper towels, so they could wipe off their cocks and wherever else their cum clung too. They wrapped all the refuse together, and James took it with him so he could dispose of it easily. 

After arranging their clothing again, the two men peeked out the door to the storage locker that had been their trysting place. Seeing nobody, they quickly left without speaking again, each going his separate way.

*

Thank you for reading this story by me, Boxlicker101. Here is an URL to many more of my stories: http://www.literotica.com/stories/memberpage.php?uid=207952&page=submissions

I hope you had as much fun as James and Aaron had. I like writing stories on Literotica, but I like it a lot more when I know that people are reading and enjoying them, and I appreciate it when readers take the time to express their opinions by voting. Like most authors on Literotica, I practically live for feedback from readers, either public comments or email to me. Such feedback, whether praise or criticism, helps me to write more and better stories, and I respond to it whenever I can.