 At 20 years old I was one of the oldest guys in the class. I had managed to squeeze in a couple of long Summers working and a year of college before I got pulled into active duty in the Navy Reserves. That is how I found myself here, in a moderate but old hotel room in Memphis, Tennessee, with another young, and horny, sailor.

We were stationed in Millington at the Naval Air Electronics training school, and this was the first time we had a chance, and the money, to go into town for the weekend.

We had found a few drinks, and hung out in a striptease joint for a few hours. We then went back to the hotel and sadly discovered that although hookers were plentiful, we didn't have enough money to get one of us fucked, let alone both of us. So, we sat around, drinking beer and watching TV, no adult movie channels back then, and talking about girls and how horny we were.

About 1:00 AM we ran out of beer and were pretty wasted and decided to go to bed. There was only one bed, a double, in the room, but it was way bigger than two regulation Navy bunks pushed together, and the room was cheaper than one with two beds.

We crawled in, carefully keeping to our own side of the bed, and kept up the talk of women we had fucked, which was mostly lies, and women we wanted to fuck, which was nearly all of them. Soon we both had hardons and I could feel the bed move a little as my buddy stroked his cock in the darkness.

I rolled over on my right side towards him with my own cock in hand. I could just barely make out in the dim light seeping around the curtains that he was laying on his back, slowly and gently jerking his meat.

I reached over with my left hand and put it around his cock just below his hand and against his balls.

"Can I help you?" I asked.

He stammered something and tried to turn away from me, but I held his young meat firmly in my hand so he couldn't turn over.

"It's OK," I assured him. "I'm horny as hell too, and we may as well help each other out." I gently pumped his cock a couple times and he sighed and turned toward me a little. I think he was beginning to like it.

I don't think he had ever touched, or been touched by, another guy. In my case it had only happened once, years ago. At the very leading edge of puberty a little friend and I had sucked each other. Neither of us had gotten a hardon or shot off, but I had liked it, and I think I had subconsciously been waiting for a chance to do more ever since.

"What if someone finds out?" he asked. "They'll give us a dishonorable and kick our asses out!"

"Don't worry," I replied. "No one will know if we don't tell, and I sure-as-hell ain't going to!" And I gently pumped and squeezed his cock a couple of more times.

I guess he quit worrying because he reached over and found my cock and tentatively took hold of it.

"Just do what you like," I suggested. "But take it easy. I don't want to come too fast." And we each started slowly masturbating each other.

After a few minutes I got the feeling that I wanted to see what a hard cock felt like in my mouth so I began moving around so my cock was still being attended to but now I was kneeling with my head over his cock as I jerked him off.

I lowered my head and opened my mouth and slid all I could manage into my mouth. His reaction was somewhere between a groan and a scream! Something about "... what the fuck!" I just ignored him and sucked his cock as deep into my mouth as I could then pumped him with my hand as I slid as much of his hot meat as I could in and out of my mouth.

That quickly quieted him down and soon he was moaning and groaning and flexing his hips up, trying to fuck my face, and still hanging onto my cock with one hand.

I didn't want this to end too soon. I was really enjoying the feel of a hard cock in my mouth! His was just the perfect size for me as it was big enough around that it filled my mouth, and just long enough that I could put one hand around it and have enough left over to feel good in my mouth but not so long it would gag me. I lay partially on his hips, still kneeling with my ass in the air. He tried to force his cock down my throat, but I was in control. My hand kept his cock from going too far into my mouth but left me a generous amount to suck and lick, and my weight on his hips kept him from bucking around too much.

My buddy was sure enjoying my cocksucking, and I could taste the pre-cum that was oozing from his cock. But he wasn't doing much for me. I stopped sucking and just jacked him a little.

"Hey, how about returning the fuckin' favor?" I asked. And I swung my leg over his head so I was straddling him and my throbbing cock was hanging right over his face.

"Shit, man, I don't know ..."

"Come on! You suck me off and I'll finish you off. I like the feel of your cock in my mouth, and I want to taste your cum!" I said as I took him in my mouth again and sucked real hard.

"Oh shit, mmmffphh ..." he said.

I had felt his hot breath on my cock when he spoke and I just rocked my hips down a little and stuck my cock right in his mouth. I guess it never occurred to him to bite me, because he just sucked on my cock. Passion or a sense of fairness I'll never know, but he started sucking and jacking my cock like he really liked it.

I eased my self down on my side a little so I could thrust without choking him, and we started getting it on. While he licked and sucked all up and down my hot, hard, cock, I thrust at his mouth, encouraging him, and kept slowly pumping his cock, which was very hard, and very slippery with his pre-cum and my spit. 

By today's standards I did a very not-nice thing. I didn't tell him when I was coming. What the hell, I wanted to come in his mouth. I wanted to feel his hot lips and tongue on my cock when I pumped out my hot spunk. And I did, and did, and did ...

He must not have minded it too much because he kept right on sucking and moaning and swallowed every spurt I shot into his mouth, then sucked me dry. Then he kept right on sucking, not letting me get soft.

"Shit, man, that was great!" I said. He just mumbled something and kept sucking and turned his hips toward me. I took his cock in my hand and guided it into my mouth. It was hot and hard and throbbing and I knew it wouldn't be long before I had a load of hot, young sailor cum in my own mouth.

He had stopped sucking me and was getting very agitated in his movements. His cock was pretty long, maybe nine inches, so it was a good thing I had my hand wrapped around it. I slid my hand down closer to his nuts so I could get more of him in my mouth, almost to the point of gagging. I pumped him faster and sucked harder and I could feel his pecker swell and throb as he got closer to shooting.

I guess he wanted the world to hear all about it because he shouted "I'm cumming! I'm cumming!!!" and shot his load in my hungry mouth.

It was hot and bittersweet. I had tasted my own cum before, but this was different. This was straight out of a hot and hard cock, and it was hot and filled my mouth. I swallowed and he shoot another spurt, not as big, not as powerful, but it tasted just as good.

I swallowed and kept sucking as he shot a couple more times, and I liked it! He was hardly doing anything to me but I was nearly cumming myself, just from the excitement of having his big, hard, hot cock spasming in my mouth and shooting his spunk down my throat.

I slowed down a little but kept sucking and jacking his meat, and he soon went back to working on my throbbing prong. It was much different now. It really felt good to have my buddy sucking my hard cock, and I really liked sucking his, but neither of us was as excited or urgent, just enjoying the sensations.

I don't know how long it was and I don't think either of us was looking at our watch very often because we were really getting into cocksucking. We were sort of regulating each other, sucking and pumping harder when we were getting close or slowing down when we wanted to back off a bit. Finally we both shot our rocks at the same time. I have had simultaneous orgasms with women and men both, but there has never been one like that first one with my Navy buddy. 

We thrust our cocks in each others mouths at the same time, and sucked as hard as we could at the same time, and went down as far as we could at the same time. One, two, three shots of cum at the same time, then just holding and sucking for a few moments. It wasn't a hard come, but more of a "Thanks for the good cum, and here's one for you."

We got one more cum each, ah, the energy of youth, then went to sleep, holding each other's now flaccid cocks. The next morning, or later that morning, we checked out and went back to the base.

I was in the Navy for another three years but never did anything with another guy, sailor or civilian, during that time. After I got out I learned a few things about guys and gals and although I prefer sex with women, every so often I meet a guy who turns me on and feels the same, and I remember that young sailor buddy 40 years ago and wonder whatever happened to him.