 Being in the Navy, I have schools that I have to attend periodically. I received orders while I was stationed in San Diego for school in Chicago. When I arrived in the Windy City, I immediately had my laptop up and running searching for a hot lady to hookup with. I wanted a girl that just wanted to hand some nsa fun but I got no replies from any women. I did, however, get a lot of offers from various guys for blow and go. I wasn't to keen on the idea now that I had plenty of time without my wife around because she had to stay back in CA for her job. I had to stay in the men's barracks which offered me no privacy at all. After about a week or so of unsuccessfully trying to masturbate late at night in our communal showers, I replied back to the guys offers but said I was only interested if they were down to eat out my ass. I was surprised when all answered back yes and after some back and forth I settled on a guy named Alex because his apartment was really close to the metro stop. I didn't have a car at the time and this was a huge plus. 

I arranged for me to come to his place the next morning. 



Early the next day, I got up, dressed and left out across base to catch the train that is sailor rode downtown. Luckily there was a station right outside the main gate. After about an hour train ride I was at my stop and with a short walk I was knocking at his door. He was about 6'1" with jet black hair and deep brown eyes. He was thin with long lean muscles but not too skinny. I had to say that he had a sexy body even if he was a guy. He was wearily some knit shorts and a t-shirt. It was obvious that he had just got out of bed. 

 He gave me a sleepy smile and said, "Hi, I am Alex." Then he said he was was about to jump in the shower if I want to join him. I was kind of taken back by this. I am straight and just wanted my dick sucked. I didn't come here to get completely naked and rub up against some dude. I wasn't sure what to say and the awkward silence just kind of hung in the air. I went to say something and he grabbed me by the hand and said, "c'mon it'll be fun," as he began leading me away from his apartment door. 

 Once inside his bathroom, he released my hand and turned on the water in his spacious shower. It was one of this without a bath and a big swinging door made from glass. This is when I realized that his whole place was pretty nice and nothing like this country boy had ever seen. I was so nervous and unsure my hands were visible shaking and I was kind of just standing there while he undressed. 

 "Let me help you," he said as he pulled my shirt over my head. Then he reached for the button on my jeans when I audibly inhaled. "Try to relax and let your body guide you to what it wants, and just enjoy," Alex said as he undid my jeans and slide them down my legs. As he did this he knelt down to help me step out of them. 

 All this attention was beginning to have noticeable effects on my body. As he knelt below me, my cock began to stiffen and jut straight out into the air. 

 He said "now you're getting it." "Let's get in," he said as he stepped inside letting the water run down his back. 

 I had never been turned in by a guy before I mean that I had never found one attractive. I had to say though there was definitely something appealing to me when I saw how the water cascaded down his body and across his toned ass. 

 I stepped in the shower as directed and he asked if I could close the shower door. I turned and as soon as it latched he wrapped he arms around me from behind pulling me into his body under the overhead shower. I tensed and thought of pushing him off that is until i felt his fingers around my rock hard cock. I wasn't sure if this was something I wanted or not but my cock was certain. He began to gently stroke me and for some reason my ass pushed back into him. His cock was pointed upwards and between my ass cheeks. 

 I thought to myself "what are you doing?" "You came here to get your dick sucked and maybe a rim job and you are acting like you want him."

 I froze in my tracks. Did I want him? Want him for what? I decided that I was just feeling this way because his hand was on my cock. 

 "You're so horny, you would fuck a couch right now," I reassured my self. 

 His hardening cock was slipping up and down between my ass cheeks and stimulating my asshole. I thought about how great that felt while he was gripping my dick when suddenly he kind of pushed me into the wall and pressed his body back against me. I was pinned there and in my ear he told me how much pleasure he was going to give me.

 "I am going to make you cum so much. " he said. "This will be the best day of your life," he said as he pulled my hips back into him as he hard cock seem to pulse through my body. 

 I didn't know what was going to happen next. I didn't know what I was supposed to do. What I did know is that a unfamiliar force was now in control of my body and I didn't know wether it was him or my own desire. I was certainly possessed by a hunger unlike anything I had ever experienced. 

 Alex released his grip on my hips and slid down my body to his knees and started kissing my ass cheeks while he regained his light stroking of my cock. He kissed all over the began to venture further inside my crack until I felt his tongue sweep across my entrance. Fireworks went off inside my head. It was electricity throughout my entire body. As he licked and sucked, I arched my back more and more shoving my hips further out away 

from the wall until my arms are spread out beside my head that is pressed flat against the tile. Alex has let my cock slip from his hands and is now using them to open my ass cheeks so that he can prove his tongue into me. He pushing in and pulls it out to swirl it all around and back in again. He stops and stands up turning me around and kisses me full on the mouth. At first I had my hands against his chest and tried to push him off but he seemed to take control of me and suck my will power from my body with his mouth. I melted into his arms as he wrapped his around me and pressed his hard cock into mine. I moaned into his mouth. He must have taken this for a sign that I was no longer in control because I no more had done it when he started pushing me to the floor. I thought he wanted me to lay back so he could suck me. It became apparent very quickly that u was to be the one to do the sucking because the wall behind me prevented me from laying and he stayed standing. I was sitting on the floor in his shower when he bounced his rigid shaft on my face. I had never really saw another penis besides my own and never had any desire to have one in my mouth. 

 I kind of moved my head away then he scrunched his face up and said "open your mouth you know you want to". 

 I don't know what happened to me. "Why was I listening to him?" I asked myself as I not only opened my mouth but leaned forward and took his cock inside. It was rigid but still soft at the same time and didn't have much flavor at all beings we were in the shower I guess. I only took the head in my mouth and kind of held it there feeling the edges of him with my tongue. Moving my head forward I took him in just a little bit more and began to gently suck him in and out of my mouth. This soon wasn't enough for him as I felt him push his cock further in my mouth until my head was backed against the shower wall. I couldn't take all of him in as he had to be at least 7 inches and was making me gag on his cock. He pulled back some giving me some relief but started moving back and forth in my mouth. 

 "He his fucking my face," I thought to myself. "What is happening here, and why can't I control myself?" 

 I didn't know how I should be reacting but my cock was standing straight out. Alex was ducking my mouth pretty good and I was making slurping and a gag here and there when he would push it to the back of my thought when I started tasting a sweet tangy flavor in on my tongue. Its taste was delicious and I wanted more. I started sucking him harder as he fucked my face. I grabbed his hips and held on pulling him further into my mouth. I wasn't quite gagging but I was making this throaty noises and wanted him all the way in but I just couldn't. His cock really seemed to be getting hotter and thicker when suddenly he pulled all but his cock head out of my mouth. I felt his cock pulse and twitch between my lips that I had clamped around him sucking as he began to fill my mouth with shot after shot of hot cum. It was so much especially with his dick in my mouth I didn't know what to do with it. He began fucking my mouth again and all I could do was swallow. 

 By now, I was so hot and turned on I was just his fuck puppet to do whatever he wanted. Alex made it clear that he knew this. 

 "Get up, we are going to dry off and go to get in bed, he said turning off the water and heading out of the shower. 

 I looked down to see one string of cum on my chest. I wanted to turn the water back on to rinse it off but I didn't want him to think I wasn't following his directions so I just wiped it off with my towel. 

 He said, "You was pretty good in there, most of the time you guys aren't able to get me to cum." 

 "Uh, thanks I guess" I said with a little shame as the reality of what was happening set in. 

 "No, I mean it, you was really good a natural cocksucker and the way you swallowed at the end is like you really loved to do it," Alex said with a devilish grin knowing I was embarrassed. He pointed to a open door down the hall saying "go in there and that's my bedroom."

 I wanted to get my clothes on and leave. I knew that's what I should do. I knew that he had gone way beyond what I came here for but like I said I consumed with desire. I was so turned on and all I wanted was more of whatever happens to come, so I went into his room with him behind me. 

 He shut the door as soon as we were inside and wrapped his arms around me from behind. I had my towel wrapped around my waist but I could still feel his cock pressing against my ass parting my cheeks. I stayed facing forward but he turned my head around to kiss me. We stood there kissing until my body betray me and I started involuntarily pushing my hips into him. 

 "Oh so you're ready for more" he said breaking our kiss. 

 He opened my towel letting it fall to the floor. He guided me toward the bed and had me lean down on it with my feel still on the floor. My cock was hard and leaking precum to the floor but he was able to point it downward so he could have access to it from behind me. He sucked it into his mouth and I moaned out loud and it was obvious that it wouldn't take much for me to cum so he let me out of his mouth. He spread my ass cheeks and gave my hole a lick and then another. Then he put his lips over it and sucked and swirled his wet tongue cause me to make mmmmmm sounds. He pulled his mouth and hands off of me for a second and I could hear him doing something but about the time I was going to turn and see I felt his lube covered finger pressing against my backdoor. I frozen an instinctively clenched. 

 "Relax baby, it's going to feel wonderful," Alex said in a soothing voice. "I just want to make you feel good."

 I took a deep calming breath and relaxed. As soon as I did, his finger slipped inside of me. I breathed in sharply. He just let it be there and only kind of wiggled it a little. My mouth hung open with my eyes tightly shut as I lay bent over the bed. He inserted more inside of me and withdrew a little. Alex worked his finger like this for a while until he withdrew completely. I was practically pants for him to put it back in and when he did, it was two fingers instead of one. My ass felt like it was on fire. I clenched again but quickly took a deep breath. Alex wasted no time shoving his fingers Ina's far as they would go. 

 "Oooooh yeeesssss" I hissed as he began to really move his fingers in my ass. "Oh yes, fuck me, fuck me with you fingers Alex, please I really need to be fucked." I got a real jolt down through my cock say his name and begging for him to finger fuck me. 

 I was disappointed though because he only did it for a minute then just stopped. I was puzzled and began to worry that he was about to try three finger until I felt both his hands on either side of my hips and something probing between my cheeks.

 My eyes shot open and I rocked up on my hands picking my chest up off the bed and said "wait..stop... I meant fuck me with your fi...."but it was too late he pushed his rock hard cock deep in my ass and I was unable to speak anymore. 

 He said " This is what you really came here for, you know you want a dick inside you otherwise you wouldn't have shown me what good cocksucker you were."

 I was unable to fight back as he pulled back and pushed in again driving the point home that he knew what my body was begging for. I could feel his balls bouncing against my skin as he slowly but forcefully fucked me. I gave a quiet grunt with every thrust he made into me. He may have only been 7 inches or so but I was completely full of cock every time he would bury his into me. I was being fucked slow and hard and I was loving it and he knew it. He began to pick up the pace and I began to really push back into him. I was freely moaning now. 

 "Oh yes yes yes yes yes fuck me give me every inch of your hot cock pound it into me" I said unable to control myself. He was truly an expert I thought to myself. He had me right where he wanted me, begging for more. 

 I was receiving the greatest pleasure imaginable or so I thought until he changed the angle he was fucking me with and hit a different spot. I felt like I sat straight up in bed. 

 "There, I knew I would find it in a minute" he said, " and it's a good thing to because I am getting close" 

 I could hardly breathe from the amount of pleasure I was feeling. I didn't even know this was possible. His dick felt like it was going through my whole body. 

 "Take this hard cock and get ready for your reward" he said as he dug his grip into my hips and really began to slam his cock into me. 

 "Yes fuck me fuck me, I want it, I will take anything you give me," I said barely even coherent by now. 

 Then without touching my cock I began to shoot the biggest load of cum imaginable. The orgasm rocked through me as I very loudly moaned and cooed. His relentless pounding of my ass at the same time came to and abrupt end as he slammed his entire length into me. 

 "I AM CUMMING!!" He said as his thick cock twitched and pumped his seed deep into my bowels. He then gave a few more thrusts as cum oozed out around his dick from my fucked hole. 

 After a few moments, he pulled his still hard cock out and I instantly felt cum run down my legs. 

 Alex looked at me and said " You're going to have to stay a while longer today because my bedding needs to be cleaned no w that you came on it and I am suhre I can find you some more chores for you to do while your waiting for the wash to cycle.....