 I have been at my present company for the past twenty years. Just recently I was told I have to train the owner's son for a position in the sales department. Frankly, I didn't care to take the owner's son by the hand and guide him along, but I didn't have much choice. Josh and I had to fly out to an important sales meeting one weekend. Josh seems to be a nice kid, but he had never sold even a toaster in his life. I had my doubts how this was going to all play out.

We both flew out Friday evening and arrived at our hotel shortly after we landed. Once we got checked in we met down at the bar for a drink and a meal. Josh quickly told me he didn't drink liquor.

"You better start learning," I told him. "Our clients like to get lubricated over business negotiations."

I shook my head thinking this was going to be a fiasco. Josh did manage to drink some wine and we had a brief meal together. I was ready to head back to my room when Josh asked me if I would join him in his room. I didn't really want to, but he was the owner's son after all. I didn't want to piss off anyone who signed my paychecks. We got back to Josh's room and Josh said he was going to get out of his clothes he wore on the plane.

When he came back, Josh was just wearing a tight pair of shorts and no shirt. I don't normally check out other men. I am married and have two children, but Josh's cock was pressing against the material in those shorts.

"I know you aren't happy I am along Tony," he said to me.

"I just wished you had some experience Josh, this is a damn important sales meeting and we can't fuck this up."

Josh nodded and proceeded to tell me something about himself. Josh really didn't want to be a salesperson, but his father insisted. Someone had to take over the company soon, as Josh's dad was thinking about retirement. Josh said he felt pressure to live up to his father's expectations. I felt sorry for him, but Josh could have said no, in my mind.

"You do know I am gay, don't you?" Josh said to me.

To be honest, I had no idea and I told him so.

"Have you ever been with men before Tony?"

I didn't want to say so, but I told Josh I had one experience while I was in college. Josh asked me the details and I didn't really want to get into it with him, but he sort of pressured me for some information.

"It was with my roommate at school. We got drunk one night and we took off our clothes. Before you know it we were sucking each other and then it led to more."

"What more?" Josh asked.

"I ended up fucking my roommate. The next morning we woke up and we were both embarrassed by what happened. We never spoke of it again and then I moved into my own place the following semester."

Josh gave me these strange looks. He stood up and before I knew it, Josh had pulled off his shorts. I was staring as his long cock. I didn't quite know what to say to the owner's son. Josh walked over to the couch I was sitting on and he got down on his knees directly in front of me. Josh reached for the zipper on my pants and pulled it down. Josh then reached in and freed my dick from my underwear.

I wanted to tell him to stop right there. I just froze up. Josh began to stroke my dick up and down. God did I get hard in a hurry. Josh then leaned in and took my dickhead between his lips. Fuck, I hated to admit it to myself, but it felt so good. My wife and I didn't have much sex these days and Josh knew exactly what to do.

He started to bob up and down my prick and he also took my balls in one hand and massaged them. I just couldn't bring myself to say 'stop.' He took my dick right down to the root. I knew if he kept this up I was going to blow my load in short order. It never came to that. Josh soon got to his feet and he positioned himself right over my cock. I sat there frozen as Josh lowered his ass right to the tip of my cock.

That's when it all got crazy. Josh sunk his tight ass down onto my pole. I just lost it I guess. I reached out and took each ass cheek into my hands. Josh kept lowering down onto me and I raised my ass up from the couch. Josh was moaning and crying out each time I pumped into his sphincter. I knew it was stupid to be fucking the owner's son like this, but I couldn't bring myself to stop. I will say that Josh's ass muscles were so tight. I got to the point where I just wanted to fuck him like crazy.

I no longer thought about my wife or work or anything else. I only wanted to fuck Josh's hole.

"Fuck me Tony, I need this!"

Josh kept telling me how good my dick felt in his bottom. I had to admit it did feel good. Josh pumped up and down my thick member. Josh also leaned down and he kissed my mouth. I guess we were both lost in fuck passion. I never gave it a second thought that I was fucking Josh without a rubber. That wasn't the smartest thing, but I couldn't stop now. Josh had me so worked up I could feel like I was close to exploding. A few more minutes of those ass muscles gripping me and I finally unloaded.

I pushed deep into Josh's ass and I fed him my seed. I just kept driving my prick into his bare ass and shooting one stream of cum after another. Josh let out this cry as he felt my hot cum deep in his belly. We didn't stop until Josh had milked me totally dry of my man cream. We ended up both panting like two dogs in heat. Josh rested on my lap for the longest time. I finally began to go soft and Josh lifted off of me.

Josh got to his feet and I watched him walk weakly into the bathroom. I eventually heard the toilet flush and Josh walked back into the room.

"I will never tell a soul," he said to me. 

Josh proceeded to get on his knees and he cleaned my spent dick with his mouth. When we finally finished up my dick was red and sore. I said I better head back to my room now. I didn't see Josh until later the next day. We didn't talk about what had happened at first. We had a lot of things to prepare for. I do admit I had Josh on my mind the whole time that weekend. Nothing more happened until our Monday meeting.

Josh kept quiet for the most part and I did most of the talking at the sales meeting. We managed to close the deal and all the parties were happy with how things went. We were going to fly back home Tuesday morning. Josh and I spent that Monday night in bed together. Josh came to my room and we didn't have to discuss a thing. We stripped and I had Josh get me hard with his mouth one more time. This time I had Josh lie down and I lifted his legs up over my shoulders.

We fucked bare once again. I took Josh hard and deep. My ball sacs were hitting against his ass as we had man to man love once more. I did love the feeling of skin touching skin. Josh kept telling me how bad he needed me that night. He hadn't had sex with another male in some time. He craved having my thick prick deep in his bowels. I fucked Josh on his back and then I had him get on all fours. I leaned onto his back and entered him that way. 

My hands were on his hips controlling his tight ass that was wrapped around me. I gave Josh two load of my seed that night. Don't asked me where it all came from. I was wound up anyway you want to consider it. Josh stayed in my bed that night and early the next day we showered to get ready for our flight. I took Josh in the shower one last time. He bent over in the shower and I split his ass with my hard dick. 

It was quiet on the flight back. We got to the airport and said our farewells. I am back home now and we are back at work. My wife doesn't seem so appealing to me and Josh has mentioned he would like to get together sometime soon. I can feel my dick growing in my pants. I know I am going to be fucking the owner's son in the near future.

What more?