 Author's note: Once again, my thanks to Literotica member "Fleshmaster100", some of the characters and scenarios in this story are based on his fantasies. When someone feeds the ideas it makes fleshing out the story much easier. Thanks "Fleshmaster100" for reading and offering edits. Like they say two heads are better than one and the storyline is better for your input. My apologies for an editing mistake just before I submitted part one of this story. (At the end of Part 1, Sal returned from a rendezvous with Tom, slipping into bed thinking that Rosa was asleep.)

*****

When Sal woke the next morning, "Oh shit! I'm late for work again! Rosa why the hell didn't you wake me up?" He yelled. 

Rosa screamed at him from the kitchen, "Listen Sal, you leave right after dinner and don't come home until two in the morning. You sneak into bed thinking I'm asleep, smelling like sex and you expect me to wake you so you can be at work on time. Fuck you Sal!" 

"Hey, take it easy. You don't know what you're talking about!" He said as he walked into the kitchen. 

"Oh, is that right? Then suppose you tell me why the hell you were out half the night! Who the fuck is she?" 

"No Rosa, there is no woman," Sal answered truthfully. Sal answered truthfully though deep down he had to laugh at the level of her ignorance. Boy was she in for a wake-up call... 

"Yeah right, let's hear your story and make it good." 

"I had to meet a client to smooth over some problems with a contract we have with him. We got into it and argued for hours. It was hot as hell and by the time I got out of there I was drenched in sweat. It wasn't sex you smelled it was just sweat." He lied. 

Rosa wasn't totally convinced but gave him the benefit of the doubt. "OK for this time. Now, go to hell to work. We'll talk about it when you get home." 

Sal's boss was pissed that he was late and warned him that he wouldn't put up with him being late all the time. Then unexpectedly Sal heard these words, "This is your last chance Sal!" 

'Oh fuck,' Sal thought as he headed to his desk. He realized he had been late at least once a month for the last year and his boss had a point. He fired up his computer and decided to check his personal email before he got to work. He had a message from Tom saying that something had come up that he couldn't get out of and he would be out of town all week. 

Sal wondered if Tom was getting cold feet. "That's OK can we get together on the weekend?" He replied. 

"Sure, can't wait, how about 8:00pm Saturday?" Tom replied. 

Sal let out a sigh of relief. 

"How about 6:00pm. I'll buy you dinner and drinks at a nice restaurant, then we can go back to your place and have some fun." Sal replied. 

"You're on," the reply came back quickly. 

'Damn, I was hoping to fuck him at least twice this week,' thought Sal, 'what's my plan B?' 

Sal could not imagine going the whole week without fucking Tom's tight, almost perfect, ass. He thought about John, but after the last time he doubted that John would even talk to him, much less have sex with him. That bridge had been burned and even though he was sorry, he really didn't want to cheat on Tom. 

'Rosa's got an ass, fucking her wouldn't be cheating, after all she is my wife right?' he rationalized. The problem was that her female voice and sounds would make him go soft. Frankly, Tom's voice provided the fuel to start his erection. He wanted Tom not Rosa; he would have to find a way to keep her quiet. He would work on it. If she wouldn't keep quiet he may have to gag her. He really didn't want to do that, maybe he could train her. 

Sal turned his mind to work and tried to make up for being late. Luckily he didn't have to think a lot about his work and in the back of his mind he was thinking about how he would get Rosa to keep her mouth shut and take it like a man. 

That evening when Sal got home he sat down and had dinner with Rosa. She was in a much better mood now. After some civil conversation over dinner they retired to the living room with a glass of wine. 

"Hey Rosa," said Sal, "we haven't had sex for a while, it was getting a bit dull and we have let it slip away. How would you like to spice it up a bit?" 

"I'd love for sex to be more fun Sal. What do you have in mind?" she replied. 

"Well, I know you like to take it up the ass and you know I like to be a bit dominant, so, I was thinking maybe you could put on that short little black French maid's dress you have and start dusting the furniture and I will take it from there." Sal suggested. 

"I do kind of like the sound of that." She replied. 

Sal added, "there is one thing though, remember you are my domestic, lower class, employee and you don't speak unless you are spoken to." 

Rosa went to the bedroom and looked for the black dress. It had been a long time since she had worn it. She found it buried deep in her closet and laid it on the bed. She stripped down to her panties and considered taking them off. She decided not to make it too easy for Sal, and left them on. She put on the little black dress and a pair of four inch heels. She stopped by the laundry room, got a white apron and a feather duster from the closet and then went to the living room to start her chores. 

Sal was watching TV and paid little attention to Rosa. She dusted all the furniture, the bookshelves and the ledge near the dining room door. She watched Sal out of the corner of her eyes. As she worked she noticed Sal rubbing his crotch. She could see the bulge in his pants and her pussy became dripping wet. 

Sal had been thinking about Tom's soft lips and genuinely male ass to get hard. He got up from his favorite chair and came up behind Rosa. He placed his hand on her back and pushed her up against the wall. He pressed his body against her back. Her body and face were crushed to the wall, Sal reached under her skirt and found the panties. He snarled at her and ripped the panties from her body and put his knees between her legs prying then apart. As Rosa's legs were spread her ass pressed into Sal's crotch. 

Sal unbuckled his belt and let his pants fall to his ankles. He lined his cock up with Rosa's ass and pushed. She bit her lip and made some low guttural noises. Sal was pleased, at least she did not scream like a woman. The sound could actually have come from Tom, but her groans were still characteristically female and that was beginning to annoy him. Sal closed his eyes and pictured Tom, his cock hardened like a steel rod as it slid in and out of Rosa's ass. If she would just shut the fuck up. Eyes closed and thinking of Tom, Sal buried himself to the hilt and fucked her just as if he was fucking Tom. 'No,' he thought, 'he would be gentler and much more intimate with Tom.' 

Rosa was little more than a poor substitute for Tom, and Sal was somewhat disappointed in her performance and his own decision to fuck her 'a female'. He held his hands against her hips, avoiding touching her tits and pussy that would have effectively acted as anti-Viagra. He slid into her with long slow strokes. Rosa's sounds continued to be low and guttural. Sal almost forgot she was a woman. He picked up the pace slamming in to the hilt on each long stroke. Her manly moans urged him on. He could feel his orgasm starting to build and leaned in to kiss Tom's neck. When his face touched Rosa's long hair he remembered who he was fucking and his building orgasm slipped, he got rougher. 

He pulled Rosa's ass further from the wall and pushed her face hard against the wall. He slapped her ass and fucked her hard. She kept her mouth shut with just grunts and moans. He held his hands against her mouth to help muffle her moaning. Sal's orgasm was building again, this time because he was totally dominating her. He slapped her again and again. Her fanny was red with Sal's handprints. Because of Sal's hand on her mouth, she could not speak and her groans were muffled. It was still a poor substitute for Tom's love noises. 

It had been a long fuck, his balls were aching and his prostate was full of cum. Rosa came first and as her body convulsed her ass clutched his cock just as Tom's had when he came. This triggered Sal's orgasm, his cum filled Rosa's ass and was leaking all over Sal's cock and balls before his final thrust to the hilt and the spurting slowed to a drool. His cock started to soften and more cum bathed his balls. He pulled out and used her skirt to clean his cock and balls then turned back to the TV and told Rosa to go back to work. 

Rosa said, "Fuck you Sal. I quit, I'm not your fucking maid." 

"Oh really! You fucking loved it and you will do it again tomorrow, won't you cunt?" 

"Yes," she whimpered, annoyed and frankly shocked that Sal called her a cunt. 

"OK, now go wash that dress. Look at the fucking mess you made. Oh, and do me a favor, next time, try to tone down the moaning" 

Rosa headed for the bathroom with cum running down her thighs. She stripped and took a shower. Even after she cleaned herself up, cum still seeped from her ass. 

Sal went to his computer and sent a message to Tom. "Miss you already buddy." 

Tom replied, "Miss you too Sal. Looking forward to Saturday, we may not make it to the dinner date." When Sal read the message his cock came back to life. He browsed up some gay porn and took care of his problem, quietly moaning "Tom" as he relieved himself. He went to bed early. He could not afford to be late again. 

The next day dragged on and eventually it was quitting time. Sal stopped at a bar for a drink on the way home. He sat at the bar and ordered a beer. He noticed a man a few seats down the bar from him. He couldn't quite see the guy's face but he looked familiar. The guy turned his head and called for another beer. Sal now knew where he met the guy before. It was John the man Sal had rough fucked a week before. Sal could feel his face flush. He felt that he should go over and apologize to John, but what would he say, how would John react? He sucked it up and went to talk to John. 

John noticed him as he approached. Sal could see anger on John's face. His first words were "I'm sorry John, can we talk for a minute?" 

"OK," John said, not wanting to make a scene. He followed Sal to a table where they could talk without being overheard. 

John said, "OK Sal talk." 

"I'm so sorry John. I was an asshole. I am a dominant, but what I did to you was totally wrong, sex shouldn't hurt. Well at least not much and I wish I had treated you right. Maybe I ruined our chances of being friends." 

John said, "When I met you I was drawn to you. You are handsome, you were very masculine and yes I knew you were more dominant than me and I would willingly submit to you. But, I have my limits and you quickly went beyond my limit." 

"John, I have learned my lesson. I have found a friend that I have treated gently but still dominantly. It was really good and we are going to see each other again on the weekend. I promise you I have learned and will never treat another man the way I treated you. Can you forgive me?" 

"Sure Sal, I forgive you. You seem to be really sincere." 

"Thank you so much, I am so glad you were here today. I have been thinking about trying to contact you, but thought there was no way you would talk to me, at least meeting you here you could see that I meant it when I said I'm sorry." 

John reached out and shook Sal's hand. When they stood to leave John embraced Sal and said "You're a good man Sal. Apology accepted." 

Sal left the bar and went home. Dinner was ready and Sal was only a little late. Rosa was in a good mood. When they finished eating she asked, "What game are we going to play tonight?" 

"You must have really liked what we did last night." Sal said. 

"Yeah, it was rough but I didn't mind it turned me on. It wasn't just your juices running down my legs when it was over." 

"So, do you have a suggestion for tonight's game?" Sal inquired. 

Rosa hadn't expected him to turn the question back on her. She said, "Oh I don't know, it's more fun when I don't know what you will do. 

"OK, I am going to be your boss and you are going to dress like my male assistant. Wear something that binds your tits to your chest, a shirt and tie and a pair of my pants and report to me in my office." He ordered. 

Sal went to his desk and opened an office document. Then he browsed to a gay porn site and found a video of a sissy male giving a big masculine guy a blow job. He hovered over the thumbnail and a preview other scenes appeared. Then went back to the document. He was ready, where was Rosa. He rubbed his crotch he could hear her in the other room. When he heard her come out of the bedroom he started the video with the sound muted. 

Rosa knocked on the door frame to Sal's office and waited for him to invite her in. Sal turned his head and his cock lurched in his pants. Hell, Rosa looked very much like a guy. "Oh George, I'm glad you're here I need you to type the rest of this document for me. I will dictate the last paragraph." 

"Ok" said Rosa. 

"No talking George, just be fucking quiet and do as I tell you." Sal dictated and Rosa typed. Then he asked her to save the document and close it. When she did she saw the sissy guy blowing the big man. She turned to look at Sal and as she opened her mouth to speak Sal filled it with his cock. 

"Suck it," said Sal and then he started feeding it in and out of her throat. Rosa was gaging on his cock, her saliva soaked his cock and balls and pants. The scene lasted a few more minutes and Sal took no pity on Rosa's mouth and throat. Her jaws were tired and aching. Her stretched throat would be sore for a week. Despite this, she was a poor substitute for Tom. 

When the scene changed Sal said, "OK George, look at the monitor and do what our sissy friend is doing." 

Rosa took a look at the screen, unbuckled her belt and kicked the pants off. She had no underwear. Sal pushed her face down on the desk kicked off his own pants, grabbed hold of her tie and pushed his cock into her (sadly female) ass. "Oh George, you have a great ass." Rosa groaned with the pain of the entry. Sal smiled and started fucking her. Rosa relaxed and soon was enjoying the fuck, not that Sal cared. Sal slapped her ass hard enough to make most people scream with pain, but Rosa remained quiet and actually seemed to be turned on by the pain. 

Sal fucked Rosa hard until her orgasm caused her body to convulse violently. Sal shouted, "Fuuuckkk George I'm gonna cum." He shot his load into Rosa's ass and kept pumping while still slapping her ass a little less brutally now. Cum leaked around his cock and he was still pumping. He slammed in to the hilt while the remnants of his jizz oozed out of his cock. When he pulled out a big gob of thick white cum flooded out of Rosa's ass and down her thighs. 

"You're a good employee George," said Sal. "Talk to me tomorrow about a raise. You had better go clean up now you are a fucking mess. Before that, though, clean my cock. See if you can do a better job than my wife can. Rosa was taken aback, but did as Sal had asked." 

Sal had almost forgotten that he was fucking Rosa. He would be glad when Tom got back. 

'Oh my god' Rosa thought. She was having an ah-ha moment. 'Sal hadn't been with a woman, it was a man.' She shower and cleaned herself up, got into a flannel nightie and went to bed. She began to sob, tears streaming down her face. As she cried, she planned how she would confront Sal with her suspicion. 'Would he deny it?' She was sure that she was right. She decided to wait and see if Sal had any more suspicious absences on the weekend or some evening next week. 

Tomorrow was Friday and Tom would be back on Saturday. Sal went to work Friday and spent the day longing for Tom's return. That night Rosa asked if he wanted to play again. Sal told her he couldn't, "I'm all fucked out." He explained. 

Rosa was thinking, 'He's saving himself for his lover. Probably it will happen tomorrow.' 

Saturday morning Sal slept in, had brunch and cut the grass. Rosa had noticed that he seemed distracted and Sal confirmed it when he ran the lawnmower into her flower bed. She screamed at him from the deck. Sal apologized and claimed he was distracted by a car driving recklessly on the street. Rosa was pretty sure it wasn't a car. 'Sure Sal, what's the car's name,' she thought. 

Sal spent much of the afternoon in his office. He checked email. There were several messages, but Tom's was the only one he saw. It read, "I can't wait for this evening, I should be home by 5:00. I'll be cleaned up and waiting for you! Sal, I think I'm falling in love with you. XOXO." Sal could think of nothing else and didn't accomplish anything he had planned to do except for going into the bathroom and jerking off into the toilet while thinking of Tom. 

About an hour before he was to meet Tom, Sal told Rosa that he was going out to play cards with the guys from his soccer league. "OK, do you want to have dinner before you go?" 

"No, we're meeting for dinner at Garcia's and then going to Jimmy's house. He has a terrific man cave." 

'Sure Sal I believe every word of that.' Rosa thought. 

About 5:45pm, Sal called out to Rosa, "I'm leaving now hon, don't wait up." 

As soon as Sal closed the door Rosa grabbed her car keys. When he backed onto the street and put the car in drive she scooted out the door and into her car. It was facing out so she was on the road in time to see Sal turn left out of the neighborhood. She followed and stayed back not that she thought Sal would look in the mirror. He made a couple of turns and after about 10 minutes he started looking for a parking space. Rosa followed and when she saw him pull into an empty space she entered a McDonald's driveway and drove through their parking lot to the exit on the other side of the restaurant. Sal was walking on the sidewalk going away from her. He crossed at the next intersection and headed further down the street. Rosa pulled out and slowly tailed him. At the second building Sal went in the front door. 

It was an upscale apartment building. Rosa sped up and arrived in front to the building in time to see Sal push the door buzzer and speak into the intercom. Sal tried to open the door to enter the building but it didn't open. He went back and pushed the button again, spoke into the intercom again then waited by the door. When the door opened Rosa saw a handsome young man greet Sal. It was quite a greeting. The kiss lasted longer than any kiss she ever gotten from Sal even on their wedding night. Well, now she knew. Rosa went home, and spent the rest of the evening sobbing. 

As soon as they were in the apartment, their lips were locked again. Sal backed Tom into the wall and ground his engorged cock against him. Tom groaned into Sal's mouth as their tongues tangled and of course Sal's won. Sal rubbed Tom's crotch through his pants feeling his rigid cock and the excitement rippling through his body. The kiss broke and they caught their breath before either of them passed out. "Fuck you're hot! Sal exclaimed as he dropped to his knees, unbuckled Tom's belt and pulled both his pants and underwear down. Tom's cock was standing straight out. 

Sal ran his tongue up the inside of his right then his left thigh, sucked his balls coating them with saliva, licked his cock from base to tip, licked the precum from the slit and swallowed his cock. Sal still hadn't mastered the deep throat but did his best. He gaged on the cock but that just made lots of saliva and when he swallowed the saliva Tom's cock slid further into his throat. Sal kept trying and the more saliva he swallowed the more cock he swallowed. He was now face fucking himself with Tom's cock and loving it. Sal's hands were all over Tom's ass... so perfectly symmetrical as to believe Tom's was ass made specifically for Sal's sexual pleasure. He felt Tom's hands pulling him off his cock. "Whoa, I was about to cum. Let's get more comfortable and we can both get some cock." 
