 I swallowed the warm sticky spunk and held onto Hassan's cock until it was flaccid. He sighed several times and remained motionless with his eyes closed. With gentle motions I rolled the softening meat around my mouth. Every so often his thigh twitched.

"That was amazing." He whispered at last. I hummed into his groin. "I can't believe I let you do it again. Glad I did though."

I let his cock slip from my lips and flop over his balls. "So am I."

He reached between his legs, ruffled my hair and smiled. "You're addictive, faggot." 

"Does that mean I get a fuck next time?"

"Maybe."

"You said that the last three times." I was gagging for Hassan to ram his fat dick up me. Then I'd be able to tell Nev that I'd succeeded in turning him, if only a little. Hassan wasn't aware of this of course. He didn't even know Nev was in on the whole thing.

"Please?"

He stood up causing the loose pile of wood he was balanced on to wobble. "We'll see faggot. I'm still not into boys."

I remained kneeling on the cold concrete watching his tuck himself away. "You've sucked me off Has. That says something."

He snorted and made for the exit, a portion of wall that had collapsed some time ago. He paused before stepping out and turned to me. His mouth opened and closed twice, but he decided not to say what he was thinking. Instead he said he'd text soon and left.

I sat on the hard floor ignoring the stones digging into my ass and stared at the mouldy ceiling. The old pill box was a little known feature in the town, but kids found it. Kids like me. It was our secret sex den, which the growing pile of used condoms strewn in the corners attested to. It was a grotty place, but it was my only escape. No one knew I came here, least of all my sister, boyfriend, or girlfriend. 

I sighed, took a deep breath, and struggled into my jeans. I was getting cold but I wasn't ready to leave yet. I wanted to stay out the house as long as possible and aside from my shifts at the coffee shop, which had grown in quantity and length, (more money being a nice side effect), this was my only real escape. Well, this and Nev. I didn't even visit the woods anymore because Cody went there so much more now that it wasn't so secret.

I pulled on my sweatshirt and sighed again. It had been two months since I returned to Jenny's, and found out that she'd sucked my own sister into her domain, and that my boyfriend was her cousin. They'd been in it the whole time, aside from a drawn out fight, and had conspired to return me to what I considered ownership. Sure I'd gone in willingly and considering the mess I'd made of everything it was the only home I had left. And I did have to admit to myself that I got plenty of fucking. The real upside was regular sex and nights together with my sister but it still pained me when I watched her and Jenny at it. 

Giggling startled me from my reverie and I saw a boy and a girl climbing through the gap in the wall. They looked disappointed when they saw me. I held up my hand a stood. I was leaving. They watched me pass and went about their business out of sight. They looked young, just eighteen I guessed, and were probably just starting out. I considered spying on them, then realised that what I know, and do, it wouldn't be very titillating. I took a slow walk home.

Closing the front door I stripped as house rules demanded. I knew there was no one at home as the little yellow flag just inside the door wasn't raised. It was a stupid system but Jenny put it in place, and it stays. I pulled open my drawer from the small cabinet to the left of the front door, and extracted my home 'uniform'. We all had a drawer and specified clothing, or not, to wear. Each week one of us decided what everyone would wear for the rest of the week. At first we'd all been conservative but when Jenny's turn came she went all out. From that point on it enforced humiliation and near nakedness. The only hard rule for me was my collar, pink leather with four metal loops around it and FAGGOT printed on it in silver letters. The others always included it. To be fair Cody always had to wear a ball stretcher, also pink leather and with a short lead attached. The difference was he loved it, I did not. I think it was the girls enforcing their domination over us boys.

After the collar came the panties. As it was Chloe's turn to dress us she'd chosen what she always did, her own used underwear. She loved me in her panties and hot pants. So did Jenny. For half a month I was wearing girl's panties, used or fresh. I held up the yellow French knickers with white frills around the edges, took a sniff and smiled. Despite all the time that had passed and the amount of sex we'd had, my sister's still aroused me in ways no one else could and her scent dug up powerful feelings. I pulled them on. The final item was a pair of thigh high white socks with pink hearts attached to the outer top. I knew I looked fucking stupid, and the humiliation was indeed strong. The others loved it. I climbed the stairs and went to the kitchen to make a drink. Then I slumped in front of the TV to relax before they returned and the ritual fucking commenced.

* * *

I lay in bed staring into the dark. It hadn't been fucking after all. I'd been the urinal for an alcohol filled evening. I swallowed a lot of piss. I kind of enjoyed it, but not as much as the card evening with Nev and Hassan. Highlight: Chloe and I had a sixty nine to a climax, her on top. Low light was a drunk Cody telling me once again that he loved me. Once upon a time that was a wonderful thing to hear. Since admitting what a traitor he was and selling me back to Jenny, (in so many words), I'd lost any chance of love for him. It was pure lust for his body now, and even that was waning. In truth I'd always hesitated when he declared his love, so something must have always been holding me back. Did I know then and just blinded myself? 

Intermittent flashes from my phone told me I had another message and I knew it was from Jason. Since I kissed him then fled, he'd been trying to get hold of me. I had ignored every single text and call but two months on he wasn't giving up. I was running out of resolve. I hadn't had the balls to block him, and now I was weakening. I fled because I was a coward and now I wasn't facing him for the same reason. His messages followed similar themes; 'speak to me mate', 'don't worry Tom, lets talk', 'ur a gud kisser lol'. Voicemails followed the same pattern, adding that he was never going to give up.

Cody shifted beside me and I was brought back to the here and now. His deep, steady breathing told me he was asleep. The duvet was ruffled around his waist and I could just make out his beautiful torso. My cock twitched but then the memories of finding out he was related to Jenny came flooding back and it stopped. Judging by his lack of awareness of my loss of attraction to him, I decided I was a good actor. Something to be remembered.

The door creaked and I looked over. From the hazy light reflected around the hallway I made out the silhouette of Chloe peering in. 

"Tommy?" It was the faintest of whispers, more a distant hum on a light breeze. With incredible care I rolled off the bed, careful not to pull at the duvet, and padded from the room. Chloe backed out and beckoned me to the downstairs entrance hallway. We knew which stairs groaned and missed them. At the bottom Chloe flung her arms around me and we kissed like we were long lost lovers. She was aggressive and needy and I gave in to her, loving every second of her embrace. We held these silent liaisons as often as possible, which is to say, not very. After my musings tonight I felt an extra urgency.

She pulled back. Before I could drop to my knees and taste her, she did so, taking my erection into her throat. I had come only once last night, as a result of my sister, and suffered the frustration of the others having multiple orgasms. That frustration was released quickly and within minutes I'd filled my sister's mouth with cum. She stood and kissed me again and we shared the salty goo. After swallowing we held onto each other for ages, lost in the touch of each other's bodies. I know this was not how siblings were supposed to be, but we'd broken that barrier and travelled a long way beyond.

"We should go back." I whispered at last. 

She pulled back and grabbed my wrist. "No, wait."

I stared at her. In the light filtering through the frosted glass of the front door I looked at her. She was so beautiful to me. Then I saw the collar, black, almost certainly her SLUT one. We didn't have to wear our uniforms to bed, but Jenny sometimes made Chloe keep her collar on. I suspected it was so she could chain her up somewhere overnight but Chloe never confirmed, or denied, this. That was about to change.

"What's up sis?"

She paused and looked down. When she returned her gaze to me I could see tears building. "You were right Tommy."

I stared in confusion. "What about?"

"Jenny."

I held my breath. I could see she was still weighing up whether to tell me, but the pressure proved too much. She needed to tell someone, and I was the closest to her. What the fuck had Jenny done to my sister?

When she told me, she blurted it out in one constant stream. "She wants me to be in a video with a friend of hers and toys and its outside with people watching and I don't want to 'cos I saw what she videoed you doing and I'm scared Tommy, I don't wanna be in a video!"

I grabbed her and pulled her back in to a hug. It was supposed to be a comforting hug, but I got a rush just from her warmth and the press of her breasts against me. I felt guilty. "Don't do it then." I whispered, kissing her ear.

"She's forcing me Tommy. I can't say no."

"You can sis. You're letting her push you. I know. I did." The pictures and videos Jenny had made of me were always in my mind. Even now I was scared she would release them and my world really would come crashing down. I couldn't let Jenny do that to my sister.

"Tommy, she has that video of us. She says she'll put it on the net."

I thought about it for a second or two. "She didn't when I left did she?"

"That's because she still had me."

I conceded the point. "Do you know where she keeps them?"

Chloe nodded against my shoulder. "I know where the USB sticks are, but I can't get them."

"Why?"

"She usually closes her door and they are kept in a drawer with noisy stuff like bangles and keys, in a locked box. I can't go in and get them"

"Can't you get them when you're staying in there with her?

"Tommy!" She pulled back and held me at arm's length staring at me. "How can I?"

"What do you mean?" 

"You don't know?" I shook my head, but suspected. "Tommy she keeps my collar locked to her belt at night. My face is in her pussy all night!"

I was confused. "You're not locked now. Get them now."

"Yeh, she didn't lock it properly. Second time. I'm scared in case she catches me, and anyway where would I keep them? She'd know instantly it was me. We'd have to get them when we could leave straight away."

I nodded and cupped her face. "I need to think sis, but I won't let her make this video. She'd own you then."

"What about the online one?"

"Let me think." I repeated. I pulled her back to me and held her tightly. "I'll think of something."

We cuddled for a few more minutes before creeping upstairs. We kissed each other and parted for our rooms. I thought of her having to bury her face between Jenny's thighs all night and, despite myself, felt a twinge of jealousy. 

I rolled into bed making as little movement as possible, but sleep wouldn't come. What the hell was I going to do?

* * *

Jenny and Chloe watched Cody and I shower, Jenny commanding various sexual activity throughout. For his part, Cody enjoyed every second, his customary smile in place that looked like he found the world amusing. I used to find it endearing but now it seemed to taunt me. We took in turns to finish on each other's asses and lick it off, after which Jenny led Chloe crawling on all fours from the bathroom. A jolt of fear shot though me at the thought Jenny had overheard us the previous evening. 

Cody and I dried each other. Before going to get dressed Cody pushed me up against the bathroom wall and crushed himself into me, gripping my ass with a powerful clutch.

"I'm so pleased... you came... back baby..." He said between kisses. "I... love... you."

Despite myself, Cody's hot body turned me on. I tempered a reply laced with lust. "I pleased... too... Cody."

He held my hand while we returned to the bedroom. I glanced into the lounge in the way past and saw Jenny in her arm chair, legs over the arm rests, and Chloe eating her to climax. I sighed. This was before eight in the morning and this is what we had become. Jenny's harem; a hyper-sexualised group of early twenty-somethings who live to suck, fuck, lick and experiment with evermore extreme sexual activities. Jenny hadn't changed, she'd just reigned herself in until she regained control. I knew her. She was becoming complacent again, and the proof was her push to turn Chloe into her own personal porn star. My resolve hardened even if I was no closer to an idea.

Uniforms were only required in the mornings at the weekend, and only if we weren't working. After fighting off Cody's groping hands I dressed and hurried from the room. I found Chloe waiting on her knees outside the closed bathroom door. A sound of pissing could be heard the other side. I rushed over and knelt beside her.

"You okay?" I whispered.

"Yeh."

"Chloe, did she hear anything?" At her confused look I clarified, "Last night?"

She shook her head. "No. She was asleep when I went back in."

"Sure?"

"Yeh. Out like a zombie."

"What's the morning oral about?"

"Tommy!" She said, surprised, then realised she needed to keep her voice down. "I lick her out at least once a day, this isn't unusual."

"And the crawling?"

"How often have you seen me crawling?"

I thought about it. "All the time." She nodded. 

"And waiting here?"

"Ready to lick her pussy clean. She did it for me yesterday, didn't you notice?"

"Cody was fucking me." Okay, so nothing unusual. I was being paranoid. "Do you enjoy it?" 

"Yeh." She smiled. "Shame it's her though." I kissed her and crept away. Halfway down the stairs I heard Jenny call to her 'bitch', and glimpsed through the railings as Chloe crawled into the bathroom, tongue out. 

My day at work was long and boring. I spent the morning shift with Ben, the self-styled hipster who, while friendly enough, saw the world 'ironically' and meant I couldn't spend more than a couple of hours in his presence. I could however spend the entire day, and night given the chance, with Mattie. A Goth by dress but she seemed too happy to live like one. She was again wearing a lower cut top, something she'd taken to in recent weeks, and I found it hard to avoid staring at her chest. She also allowed her natural hair colour to conquer the black and purple dye and she was even prettier for it. The facial metal remained.

"Oi." She punched my arm and failed to hide a grin.

I shook my head and looked sheepish. "Sorry Mattie. I... I'm such a sexist pig." Her breasts though, flawless pale globes pushing out her top. I'd been caught. I was lucky she and I were, if not friends, then acquaintances. I could lose my job for that.

"If you're going to look, don't do it when I'm talking to you." I nodded. She'd been telling me about her weekend drinking with friends and I'd been avoiding talking about mine. How you slip sucking cock, constant fucking and dressing in women's underwear into polite small talk? 

"I just chilled really. Boring I'm afraid. Money and all..." In response to her asking about my weekend, I'd answered in the blandest way possible. 'Oh I fucked my sister, had sex with a violent ex con, sucked off his friend because I'm trying to turn him bi, ate a mars bar from my boyfriend's ass, and led my ex-girlfriend turn me into a sissy for her own delight'. It wouldn't really go down well.

"I don't believe you." She said with a wink, then turned to serve a customer. "You can look at my ass now." 

I did.

*

I returned home after work, dressed in my uniform, and found Cody waiting in the lounge. He wore a leather chest harness and black stockings with lace tops. He held a black belt. I stripped and gave my ass to him, first the pain, then the pleasure. I thought about what Mattie would say about it, then enjoyed the fuck.

Jenny didn't come home so I spent the night with Chloe. Sex was slow and deep and long, and we bathed in each other's warm sweat afterwards. We cuddled until we dried and cooled which was long enough for me to become erect again. She sat got on top and sucked me off. I rubbed her wetness all over my face before delving into the most beautiful pussy I'd even had. My heart always beat faster when I was eating my sister, she was the only girl that did that to me. Again we didn't wash when finished. Both of us preferred to enjoy our scents. 

Hugging tightly, we fingered each other's asses in gentle rhythm.

"I love you so much sis." I whispered.

"I love you too Tommy."

Moments later I felt her shuddering and wetness on my shoulder. I pulled back, removing my finger. She grabbed my wrist and forced my hand back to her ass. I complied.

"What's wrong?"

"I'm sorry. I'm so sorry Tommy."

"What? What about?"

"I made you come back here, to her. I shouldn't have. I've fucked it all up haven't I?"

"No sis. No." With my free hand I stroked her hair. "I fucked things up some time ago. This is just the result. If I'd never met Jenny then we wouldn't be here."

"But we'd also never be together like this." She sniffed.

"Yeh, true. Everything has a silver lining." 

She hugged me closer. "She's pretty awesome though."

I nodded. "Yeh. Awesome and evil. You fell for her as well then?"

"Yeh. Now I know better, but I enjoy her body so much."

"Me too. Perfect body and filthy as hell. Dangerous combination." I wanted to pull my finger from her ass and give her a proper hug, but I knew she wouldn't let me. We were two peas in a pod, once we discovered the delights of anal stimulation, there was no going back. Chloe in particular couldn't leave hers alone. Proof that it's in the genes I guess. "So you're a lesbian then?"

She thought about it before answering. "Mostly." She continued after I dug my knuckles into her shoulder. "I love pussy and being with a girl. I'd prefer a girlfriend. But if a really fit guy came along then yeh, I'd let him do me."

I swallowed. This felt like a conversation leading to a termination but she cut that thought short.

"Then there's you. I couldn't live without you Tommy. In me."

I moved my lips to hers and we lay there kissing while the sun dropped and the darkness flooded the land.

How does one square this circle?

* * *

Several days went by, all spent at work or dressed like a fool, and I was no closer to finding a solution to Chloe's video problem. I was in constant stress, like I was descending through the ocean and the pressure was increasing by the minute forcing my skull ever smaller. One day I would implode. I cared less about myself than my sister. I was resigned to being owned by Jenny now and in truth, there were many less enjoyable situations in which to find oneself. I had a roof and food, loads of sex and a boyfriend and a girlfriend.

Nev contacted me during this time. I'd scratched work and thus I found myself in his bed, (well, Barry's spare bed), on Friday morning, with a full day of fucking ahead. I kissed up his hairless skin, still marvelling at the smoothness of it. He lay there on his back, legs apart, while I worked up his legs into his groin. He smelled lemon from his shower. I knew soon he would smell masculine and I'd be back here, balls in my mouth while he recovered.
