 It was summer and thankfully the house was air-conditioned. Sammy had never house-sat before but a family friend needed to leave town for work and he couldn't turn the offer down. Three-weeks of free food, a big empty house and a swimming pool in the back.

Not a bad way to start summer vacation he thought to himself.

He had gotten up early and the sun was just coming up as he pulled into the neighborhood. The houses were large, set far back from the street. Sammy pulled into the empty driveway.

He carefully opened the front door and he realized he was completely alone. The house was enormous, his footprints sending echoes through the house. He flicked on the light switch, filling the room with amber light as he set his bag down in hallway. Stepping out of his shoes, he slowly bent over, pulling down his sweatpants. They were comfortable for driving, but he left them in a pile on the floor. The cool air conditioning sent goosebumps up his smooth thighs as he pranced through the house, his cotton panties barely covered his perky little ass.

Sliding in his grey striped knee socks across the floor, Sammy found himself in the living room. The room was modern with a large white leather couch on top of a white shagged carpet. A massive television was perched on the wall. He plopped his slender frame down on the couch, feeling the soft-shagged carpet under his feet. He sat Indian style and flipped on the television. 

A giant, throbbing cock appeared on screen. Then a small, pink tongue began to lick from the bottom of the shaft up to the top. The tongue belonged to a small blonde girl who was bobbing her mouth up and down.

"What the fuck?"

Sammy's cock began to ache. He had not cum in almost a week. He rolled over onto his stomach, sliding a pillow between his legs. He began to grind on the pillow but then a wave of heat came over him. He had been driving all night. His cock was swelling and he was right on the edge but he stopped humping, slowly drifting off to sleep.

...

"Please fuck my tight little ass."

The voice came from the TV. Sammy rolled over, the tip of his cock poking out of his panties, dribbling onto his white t-shirt. On the TV, a different girl was bent over a couch. Sammy mimicked her pose, bending over the soft-leather couch, sticking his butt up in the air. He softly rubbed himself against the couch until he saw the clock. 4:30 pm. He couldn't believe it. He had almost slept the day away. 

Guiltily, Sammy left the living room, grabbing his bag and carrying it upstairs. He slowly wandered down the hall until he got to the first doorway. He peaked in. The walls were pink and there was a small, twin sized bed. He remembered that the owner had a daughter, Kendra, about Sammy's age but that she was taking summer classes at her college out west.

Sammy continued down the hall until he reached the master bedroom. The style mirrored the modern aesthetic of the living room, with floor to ceiling glass on the back wall looking out into a dense, wooded area. Sammy opened his bag, pulling out his running shoes. He rummaged through the bag, unsuccessfully looking for his shorts.

Slipping back into the other bedroom, Sammy opened the top drawer to the bureau. It was filled with socks and panties but underneath was a vibrator. He picked it up along with a small thong which he held up to his waist. 

Maybe later.

He put them back and found a pair of black booty shorts. They were simple and he pulled them up his smooth body. They hugged his ass tightly and he checked them out in the mirror. 

Just enough to cover my ass he thought as he headed downstairs and out the front door. He put on his headphones and began to stretch in the driveway. Bending over, pulling up his knee socks, he wiggled his ass wandering if anyone was watching. He headed out the driveway, turning right, picking up pace. It was hot even though the sun was setting and before he knew it, sweat had begun to run down his thighs.

Sammy had been running for nearly 45 minutes when he heard a rumble. The sky opened and the rain began to fall. Sammy slowed down as the rain washed over him and hunkered by a tree just off the road. Another bellow of thunder came, followed by a violent flash. Slowly, Sammy heard a new sound and a car slowly pulled up. The window rolled down and voice called out.

"Hey, why don't you hop in? You're going to get struck by lightning out here."

Sammy hesitated. He was miles away from the house. He slowly wandered over the car, soaking wet.

"I'll give you a ride."

The man in the driver seat was in his 40s. He was fit and had piercing eyes. 

"Oh it's okay. " Sammy peered into the Mercedes, admiring the leather. "I'm all wet."

Suddenly another roar of thunder rang out, this one much louder than the first.

"Get in."

Sammy hopped in the car, feeling the cold air conditioning hit his body.

"I'm really sorry."

"It's fine hun. Where can I drop you?"

"Number 18."

"David's place?"

"I'm house sitting."

"Oh that's right. Well listen kid, I have to stop at my house which is just around the corner. I can drop you off on the way back."

"Sure."

Sammy hugged himself, the cold air biting at his wet body. 

"This is it."

The house was modest and set back much further from the road than any of the nearby houses. The man, stepped out and Sammy watched him walk around to the his side of the car. He opened the door and looked Sammy up and down.

"Why don't you come in."

"Umm, that's alright I..."

"I insist."

The man stared at Sammy and suddenly he realized he had no choice. He followed the man, who was nearly a foot taller than Sammy, towards the house. Sammy bit his lip, looking around. He could run but his legs were already so tired. When he reached the door, the man turned to Sammy.

"Relax. I'm not going to hurt you."

He thrust a key into the doorknob and turned, opening the door.

"Unless you want me to."

Sammy stood outside dumbly. What the fuck? He peered into the house. It was elegant and filled with light. He turned around a looked out into the rain. His cock pressed against his soaking panties and he lifted it into the waistband of the stolen shorts. 

...

The man handed Sammy a glass with a dark amber liquid in it. Then he sat down in an oversized loveseat and began to sip his own. Sammy stood in front of him, trying not to shiver.

"What's your name darling?"

"Sammy."

"Call me Sir."

Sammy looked down at his feet. The man flipped on the television and a small twink in red panties appeared, crawling across the floor until he reached a man in a dark grey suit's lap.

Sammy's cock began to throb. His nipples were rock hard and poked through his soaking wet t-shirt. He began to feel his legs get wobbly as he stared at the screen.

"Strip."

"What?"

"You heard me. Take off those wet clothes. I know you want to be him. So take off your shirt and your shorts and crawl to my lap."

Sammy slowly pulled off his shirt and dropped the shorts to his ankles. The tip of his cock poked out of his panties and he tried to cover himself.

"I saw you running and I knew you'd be mine. Crawl."

Sammy slowly dropped to his knees, crawling to the man's lap just like the boy in the video.

"You are going to be such a good little toy aren't you?"

Sammy knelt before the man.

"Yes Sir."

Sammy knelt with his hands on his thighs. The boy in the video had started to suck the man's cock. He worked his mouth up and down on the man's pole, strings of saliva dripping from his chin to the man's wet shaft. 

"Have you ever sucked a cock before?"

"Yes sir."

"Tell me."

"It was in college, Sir. My chemistry professor."

"You little slut."

Sir began to rub his bulge. Sammy stared at the growing shaft as it started to press against his pants. It must have been almost 8 inches long.

"You are much bigger than him, Sir."

"Did he help you get your grades up?"

"Yes sir."

"And you helped him get his cock up. Did you love that cock Sammy?"

The boy in the film had started to straddle the man's cock. The man tweaked his nipples and the boy arched his back, pulling his panties to the side. The man's cock stood at attention, the tip rubbing the boy's hole. Slowly the boy lowered himself onto the man's cock, letting out a whiny moan.

"Did he ever fuck you?"

"Only once sir. He would mostly use my mouth when he got drunk. I'd come over and suck him and then he would kick me out."

"How did he fuck you?"

"He threw me onto his bed. He was really drunk. Then he spit on my hole and fucked me. He didn't last very long."

"Did it hurt?"

"A little. But I had been practicing with my toy Sir."

Now the boy on screen was bouncing on the man's cock. He pumped his own dick as the man spanked him.

"I hope you have been practicing, Sammy."

Sammy nodded obediently and Sir ran a finger over Sammy's lip. He slowly pushed his finger into Sammy's mouth and Sammy started to suck on it.

"Good boy."

He pulled his finger out with a pop and then ran his fingers through Sammy's brown hair. He grabbed Sammy by the back of his head and then pulled his open mouth towards his bulging cock. Sammy rubbed his moist lips over the hard bulge, dampening the fabric with his spit.

"Do you want this cock, Sammy?"

Sammy nodded obediently. 

Sir stood up and walked across the room. Sammy sat on his butt and leaned against the couch, legs spread wide, his t-shirt covering up his hard cock, a small wet spot on his panties showing between his thighs. Sir opened the drawer of a desk and pulled out a piece of red ribbon, then he walked over and handed it to Sammy.

"Stand up."

He pulled Sammy's panties down, revealing his throbbing four-inch cock. He wrapped the ribbon around Sammy's smooth balls and then around the base of shaft. He wove it around his cock and then tied it in a bow around his tip, a small drip of precum leaking on his middle finger. He lifted his finger to Sammy's mouth who licked it up hungrily then he pulled up Sammy's panties and patted his tight little ass.

"Time to get you home."

The boy on the television was back on knees, pumping the man's cock over his face. Suddenly the man exploded, spraying cum on the moaning boy, leaving his face covered in sticky cum. Sammy looked upwards disappointed. He reached his hand up and pawed at Sirs bulge.

"Are you going to be a good boy, Sammy?"

"Yes Sir."

"Are you going to do anything I say?"

"Yes Sir."

"Get dressed and get in the car."

They drove for a few minutes and Sammy slid his hand into his panties. He began to stroke himself while leaning over, rubbing the Sir's massive hard-on over his pants.

"You don't want to fuck me?" begged Sammy.

The man stopped the car in front of the house. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a small box, handing it to Sammy.

"I'll be back around ten. If you are ready to be my boy, then you will be on your knees when I ring the doorbell."

Sammy got out of the car and turned back to the man. He opened the box. Inside was a pink plug.

"Yes Sir."