 My name is Sam. I'm 18 years old and up until now I thought I was straight. I always had good luck with girls and I'm not going to lie I'm pretty good looking. I have blue eyes and short brown hair. I'm about 5'8" and have a pretty nice body. I wouldn't call myself popular; I'm actually pretty unpopular and considered an outcast. 

One day sitting in English class we were assigned group work. Normally I just work by myself but the teacher said she was picking partners. I always get nervous at this part because I am pretty shy around new people.

When the teacher comes to my name she put me with this really popular jock named Dan. Up until this point I have never noticed how attractive he was. I actually never noticed how attractive men could really be. He's tall, athletic, obviously, has beautiful green eyes, and probably has a really nice body.

"Stop thinking like that," I think to myself, "You are straight."

He pulls his desk up. I expect like usual that I would have to do most of work I usually do anyway in these types of group work but he starts talking about the book we are reading. I am so impressed and kind of deepens the, what I now know as, crush that I had on him. 

By the end of class we were not done with the project, so he invites me over to finish it. He gives me this look that I can't quite put my finger on but it gives me a wave of pleasure. Now I am really nervous to do this project.

When school ends we meet in the parking lot and he drives me to his house because I don't have a car. I'm getting a boner from the anticipation of being alone with him. We finish the project quicker then we thought.

"You smoke weed," he asks. 

I say yes and we go outside and smoke a blunt that he already had rolled. He is very easy to talk to. We talk about school, sports, and life. It surprised me that he hasn't brought up girls at all. He always has girls all over him in school. He must get so much pussy. Then the conversation starts getting weird.

"What do you think about gay people?" he asks.

I obviously have nothing wrong with them and tell him so. He then asks me if I have ever thought about having sex with another guy. This catches me off guard.

"Yeah sometimes," I say, surprising myself..

"Me too," he says, surprising me more then my own comment, "would you ever?"

I thought about it for a second and I guess I took too long because he leans closer to me. I can feel his breath on my face. At this point I am frozen and unable to speak. Is he coming on to me? I look down and see the bulge start forming in his jeans. He is coming on to me.

"I'd like an answer," he says in a sexy deep whisper.

I unable to speak so lean in and kiss him. I guess this was the right answer because he starts kissing me back with passion. I am so turned on right now. I have never been this turned on kissing a girl.

He licks my bottom lip and I let his tongue in. His mouth tastes so good. Our tongues dance. We kiss with intensity biting and sucking on each other's lips. He starts kissing down my cheek to my neck causing me to moan. He bites and sucks my neck causing a mark.

I reach down to his jeans and ran my hands over his bulge. He moans. I start to unbutton his jeans. 

He stops my hand and says, "We should go inside before we go further."

With that he leads me inside and takes me to his room. He kisses me and takes off his and my shirt. I was right he does have an amazing body. He has defined pecs and amazing abs. I run my hand down them and kiss his chest. He pushes me on to the bed and starts kissing me. He kisses his way down my chest causing me to moan. I am so hard at this point. He gets down to my jeans and kisses my bulge through my pants. I moan as he unbuttons my jeans. He takes them off and kisses and licks my bulge through my boxers. He finally pulls my boxers down and releases my dick. He licks from my balls to the head making me groan. He finally takes me into his mouth. 

There is no doubt that he has done this before. He skillfully takes my entire length in his mouth. I don't have a small cock. I'm about seven inches and he is working me like a pro. This has to be the best blowjob that I have ever gotten. He moves down and sucks and licks my balls making me moan. I'm so close and I tell him so. He gets off my dick and starts kissing up to my mouth again. I taste myself on his mouth and can't wait to give him the pleasure he gave me.

I get on top of him planting kisses on his lips. I work my way down sucking and kissing his nipples. I kiss down his abs and right above his waistband. As he did I kiss his bulge through his jeans and then through his boxers. I take his pants and boxers all the way off. His dick is so big. It has to be eight inches and thick. At that moment I thought about taking it in my ass. I have never thought I would want to do it but now I'm more sure then I ever was.

I take the head of his dick in my mouth. He moans causing me to take more of it in my mouth just so I can hear the amazing noises he makes. I suck and wrap my tongue around his length. I suck the head and lick him from head to balls and back. I worship his cock. 

He forces my mouth off his cock and brings me up to his face and kisses me on the lips. He moves to the side table and tells me to lay back. I think the condom he is pulling out of the drawer is for him. I start to get excited. He then opens the wrapper and then to my surprise he slips it on my dick.

"I want that big cock in my ass," he moans.

He then bends over in front of me showing his hot ass. I move closer and finger his ass. He moans and begs me to fuck him. I put my dick up against his tight hot hole and rub my dick up and down it. I slowly slip my dick in his hole. It's even tighter then any girl I have fucked. I start to thrust faster causing us to moan in unison. I keep thrusting causing my dick to throb. He tightens his ass around my dick and I start jerking him off. He is panting and moaning. I can feel that he is almost about to cum. 

I pull out and flip him over on to his back. As I'm fucking his ass I kiss him. I kiss him on his lips, down his neck, and on his chest. I jerk his big hot cock as I fuck him in the ass. This guy is amazing. His ass is so tight and he knows how to milk my cock with his ass muscles. He moans and moans making me think that I keep hitting his spot. Breathlessly he tells me to fuck him harder and I oblige. I pound his ass causing us both to scream in ecstasy.

"Sam, fuck, you are so good. Keep jerking my dick. I'm so close. Mmmmmm fuck I'm cumming!" he says.

He sends shot after shot of cum all over his sexy abs and almost hitting himself in the face. This sets me off. I pull my dick out of his ass; I take the condom off, and cum all over his sexy body. The mixture of cum on his abs makes him look even sexier then before. 

I slip out of his ass and lean down and kiss him. He looks so beautiful. We cuddle until we fall asleep. 

Later I wake up in his arms. I begin to remember what we just did two hours ago. I feel his semi-hard cock on my leg and start to get hard again. I know this day is going to get better. He wakes up and gives this sexy groan. He looks at me and smiles, kissing me on the lips. He asks how I slept and I said well and he agrees. 

We begin kissing again. I grind my growing dick against his and he growls taking my dick in his hand. We kiss, grind, and hump against each other until we are both hard. We get into the sixty-nine position and start sucking each other's dicks. We move in unison. I use my tongue around the head and work the rest with my fist. The more I pleasure him the faster and harder he sucks my cock. I start to work my way further down his dick and take more of him in my mouth.

"Fuck I need to get in that ass, but we don't have to if you don't want to," he says.

"I want you! I wanted you in my ass the first time we fucked," I answer, "I want you to fuck me in the ass." I whisper seductively in his ear.

He growls and pulls me on to all fours. He gets behind me and I feel his tongue lick my virgin hole. It feels so good. I'm moaning and breathing fast. He has me so hard I can hardly wait for his cock. He removes his tongue from my hole and replaces it with a wet finger. He slides it in. It hurts at first but after a second it felt amazing. He touched something that made me moan in ecstasy. He puts another finger in me working it until I'm relaxed around the two.

"I need you to fuck me. I need your dick in my ass," I almost beg.

He pulls them out goes to his side drawer and pulls out a condom and some lube. I sit there with my ass in the air waiting for his hot thick cock to go in my ass. I feel a lubed finger probe my hole getting it ready for his intrusion. I feel his finger slip out and get replaced with something bigger. His hard cock presses against my asshole. I relax making insertion easier. He pushes and it pops through. It hurts but I can tell it won't for long. He starts working more of his length into me. It hurts until he's all the way. He stops to let me get used to his cock. 

When I'm ready he starts to pick up the pace. I moan which he takes as an invitation to fuck me faster. His cock feels so good in my ass. I beg him to fuck me faster and he grants my wishes. I can hear his balls slapping against mine. He kisses my neck and down my back. I moan.

He flips me on to my back. I like this position because I like the face he makes while he fucks me. He looks like he's in heaven. 

"Your ass is so tight," he grunts, "It feels so fucking good."

At this point I'm moaning. His dick feels so good in my ass and I tell him so. He fucks me faster kissing me until I almost suffocate. My hands are moving up and down his body and pulling his ass closer to me so he can fuck me deeper. He really knows how to fuck. He keeps hitting my prostate sending waves of pleasure through my body. This is the best sex that I have ever had.

"I'm so close. Keep pounding my ass. You are going to make me cum," I say almost screaming.

"Cum for me, baby," he says, jerking off my cock, "I want to see you cum all over that sexy body."

His words send me over the edge. I cum all over myself, sending shot after shot all over my stomach and chest almost hitting my face. That was the hardest I have ever cum on my life. He pulls his dick out of my ass and takes the condom off. I take his dick in my mouth wanting to swallow all of his cum. I suck him until he cums in my mouth. He tastes so good, salty and musky. 

He pulls me up to his face and kisses me and tells me how amazing I am. I comment on how it was the best sex I have ever had. I wasn't lying. I have never cum that hard no matter how hot the girl was. I now know I'm gay and I love it. 

He pulls me into his arms and kisses me one last time. We fall asleep. I need to fuck him again. And I will get my wish.