 This is my first attempt, please enjoy and I welcome the comments!

I heard the door close. And then I wondered why he didn't walk through into the dinning room to find me. He knows I wait for him, waiting until he gets home...it drives me wild waiting for him.

"Sam?" 

Nothing.

I got up and walked to the window over the sink and made sure that I hadn't imagined him walking in. I could see his car in the driveway so I knew he was here, but where?

...He can find me pretty quickly. The moment we see each other we run to embrace. Always. My body aches for his touch, sending shockwaves to my feet. He keeps me rooted to the spot enjoying my open mouth, our tongues dancing with delight at their reunion. He moans into my mouth and I groan low into his, pressing him hard against the wall. He hates it when I pin him down. I do it because he won't stand for it, he turns me around and pulls me closer to embrace again, my head resting against his taut pecs while he suckles my earlobe. His strong hands massaging my chest. God he knows!...

I guess he needed to go to the bathroom? I sat down again after checking the window, I suppose I expect too much sometimes. Returning to my laptop at the table I was intending to finish the client financial reports I had been completing.

All of the sudden I could feel his presence. Or rather I imagined I could feel him near me. I wanted to turn around and search for him but I kept it together.

A game? I'll play. 

I got up and looked around the dinning room, I was surprised when I couldn't find him. Sure that he was there boring holes in my head with a stare. He melts me with that glance, the one you can feel your lover sending you even when you're turned away. He brings me to the edge of sanity with that glance, closer and closer he moves until he's found my soul. I can't turn away from his eyes, a deep dark hazel tint with emerald green. So beautiful.

"Sam. Sam, are you here somewhere?"

What happened next melted me. 

I was facing the backyard, looking out the windows and I thought I couldn't see anything. I made a quick glance behind me and he was there. He wrapped me in his arms in a bear hug that lifted me off the ground. Kissing me deeply I could feel his hands running up and down my back. Oh how he wanted me, and I him. A single tear crept its way down his check, I kissed it away thanking him for his love with my sighs. Sometimes it doesn't need saying, but he did.

"I love you so much Jordan. Do I tell you enough?" He does. "No, you really don't", I said. I made him frown, I kissed his forehead and asked him to smile. He did, and I melted into him again, but this was THE kiss. The one that leads two men into a sexual frenzy, desire and lust giving into grunts and moans of pleasure.

Slower. I guess we could tease each other a bit. We look at each other, sizing each other up for the games to come. I give him a wink and turn around, all he can do is follow me. He makes me smile. I turn around and stop him, I take his hand in mine and walk slower. Deliberately slowing down and holding on tight. I walked us over to the couch in the living room and we sat down looking at each other.

I leaned backward across some pillows and smiled, my smile screaming to him the lust I could barely control. Sam crawled over and laid down on top of me, our eyes feasting on each others faces.

He placed a finger under my chin, guiding my head up to his. Kissing passionately is one thing, but this was just amazing. He started to move his head a little up and down, my lips and tongue never leaving his mouth. We moved together as his head guided me into a rocking rhythm. His hands slowing making their way up my chest and taunting my hard nipples, he flicked the outline of one on my shirt eliciting a moan from somewhere around my navel. He knew I loved having my chest played with. 

I love to look at him, he's so handsome. Standing about six-four and nearly 240 lbs of muscle he's a sight: beautiful eyes, big sexy lips and a strong jaw line are what I get to love and be loved by. His goatee is the sexiest of all, I can't help but to love the feeling I get when it brushes me during a kiss, sending a shiver down to my dick. 

Next part coming soon!