 Daniel sat on the sofa with his legs curled underneath him and to the side of him. He could hear Sam pottering around in the kitchen, which was out of his line of sight. Nearly engrossed in the program on the television, he started a bit when the sofa changed with the addition of weight next to him. He glanced over and saw Sam sitting there, holding two teas, holding one out for Daniel to take.

Daniel took the offered cup with his left hand and gently moved his legs so he was sitting normally. He felt the sofa shift again as Sam scooted closer, leaning into Daniel. Sam put his tea down on the table in front of him and his now idle hand rested on Daniel's leg.

Daniel had a flash of memory from the last time the pair of them had sat like that. The memory put a smile on Daniel's face and started to make something else stir. Realising what was happening, Daniel focussed on trying to stop it, but to no avail. Sam's head was resting on Daniel's chest, giving him a perfect view of the tent in Daniel's loose trousers as it was erected.

Sam's hand twitched and started to draw figure eights on Daniel's leg, knowing the repetitive motion would aggravate and turn Daniel on more, especially as it kept his focus in the vicinity of his now solid hard on. Daniel tried to not focus on the feelings, but Sam's movements drifted closer and closer to the tent. Daniel gasped and moaned as Sam's finger jumped from making figure eights to running up the length of his nearly painful erection.

Sam slipped his hand under the waist band of Daniel's trousers and gently grasped the fully erect cock, and with his other hand, gently pulled the trousers down to expose it. The hand grasping it slowly started to stroke, up and down, each downward stroke gently easing Daniel's foreskin down over his head. Sam twisted up and placed a kiss on Daniel's lips, gently deepening it as more of Daniel's foreskin was pulled down.

Daniel hissed a little as his foreskin past the point of no return and curled under his crown. Sam kissed him on the lips again before shifting down to kiss the tip of Daniel's cock. Gently stroking the shaft, Sam kissed the tip and then all around the head of the cock, then gently licked it, savouring the musky taste.

Daniel moaned again as he felt the head of his cock become sheathed in Sam's mouth, gently sucking while stroking. Slowly Sam pulled back sucking as he went, giving a little pop as his lips broke contact with the cock. Sam went back down, opening his mouth a little wider and taking more of the cock in his mouth, his hand stopping moving.

Not breaking the contact he had, Sam climbed down from the sofa, settling himself on his knees between Daniel's legs, and looking up at him, making eye contact. Daniel's eyes conveyed how turned on he felt, and let Sam know he was doing the right thing. Sam's head started to bob up and down, leaving a slight spit trail as he pulled back.

Daniel shifted on the sofa, so he was sitting nearly on the edge, giving Sam better access. He was moaning quite frequently now, and looking down at Sam, saw that he was just as hard. Daniel slipped his hands under Sam's armpits, and gently pulled him up, regretting the loss of the mouth on his cock. Quickly and decisively, he pulled Sam's trousers down, making Sam's cock spring out, before grasping it and slipping the head into his mouth.

Sam gasped at the quick change in sensations and placed his hands on Daniel's shoulders to steady himself as Daniel proceeded to suck on the cock with its foreskin up, gently sliding his tongue under the tight sheath of skin. After a short time, Daniel peeled the foreskin down with his lips, and proceeded to work his way further down the shaft. As he got lower, he started to pull Sam's trousers down into a pool around his ankles.

Daniel slid his mouth as far down the shaft as he could, he could feel the head trying to work down his throat, Sam's hands leaving his shoulders and resting on his head as Sam started to roll his hips. Daniel held his lips tight to the skin of the shaft and made sure his teeth were not in danger of touching the shaft as it slid back and forth.

Sam started to push his cock deeper with every stroke feeling the head work deeper millimetre by millimetre. The tight feeling he was getting from it was starting to drive him crazy, he wanted to go as deep as he could, but knew that it wouldn't be good for Daniel, so worked it up to where he wanted it. He was shocked for a second when Daniel held him still, and proceeded to jerk his head down, putting his nose into the neatly trimmed pubes that Sam had surrounding his cock.

With that movement, Sam's cock was deep in Daniel's throat, further than just the head. Daniel backed up a second and gasped, gulping for air. He looked up and made eye contact with Sam, his eyes watering slightly, as he nods his head, before sliding his mouth back onto the cock in front of him. He felt the hands tighten on sides of his head as the cock started to move, quickly picking up pace, and working deeper and deeper, until his nose was being bumped into the pubes frequently.

Sam would stop very frequently to allow Daniel to breathe before carrying on, fucking his throat with all abandon. Sam would sometimes stop with his cock fully in and hold it for a beat or two before pulling out. Quickly Sam had to stop, as he was getting close to cumming. He pulled back and stepped out of his trousers pooled at his ankles.

Daniel looked up at Sam as he wiped the water from his eyes, he watched as Sam climbed on to the sofa and knelt next to him, facing away and bent over. Sam gripped each of cheeks and pulled them apart a bit, to give a better access. He was a little surprised to feel the wet of Daniel's tongue as it ran over his tight hole. He was expecting a finger to gently ease its way in.

Sam couldn't help but moan slightly as his hole puckered with each swipe of the tongue, and then gasped as he felt the tongue press against the ring of muscle. Gradually he felt the ring open as the tongue worked in. His hole kept clamping down on the tongue, but each time it left the hole it came back slathered up, making Sam's hole wet and slicker.

Almost abruptly, the tongue was replaced by a finger, gently probing the hole, working slightly deeper with each passing second, until it was fully in, buried within the hole, soaking up the heat. Gradually the finger eased out and on the return journey another went in with it. In Short order, three fingers were in there, gently moving back and forth, stretching the hole and getting it used to being held open.

Daniel pulled his fingers out and reached forward, presenting them for Sam, who greedily sucked them into his mouth. As he did, he felt Daniel's cock start to press against his hole, which had already contracted again. Sam moaned slightly as he felt the pressure against the ring increase, gradually the pressure rose, until the hole surrendered and gave in, swallowing the head of the cock with a gasp and hiss from Sam. Gently Daniel eased himself deeper in, letting the hole stretch a little and recover, before he was fully in, and Sam was moaning lightly with every slight movement.

It took a lot of his concentration, but he gently worked his cock back out and slowly back in for a few strokes as Sam adjusted to the sensations. Sam took Daniel's fingers out of his mouth and looked back at Daniel; a quick nod of his head was all Daniel needed to see as he started to work his way in and out faster. As he moved faster, his balls started to swing back and forth, gently touching Sam's balls.

Daniel kept increasing the pace until Sam was almost constantly moaning, their balls slapping together as Daniel's hips slapped into Sam's cheeks. Each thrust bouncing Sam forward a little, the only thing stopping him moving was Daniel's hands on his hips, pulling him back, making each thrust that little bit harder. Each thrust made Sam's head jerk back a little as he enjoyed the feeling of having his hole pounded.

Daniel stopped for a second and wrapped his arms around Sam, pulling him tight back into him, as he rolled backward, pulling Sam so he was on top of Daniel. A quick moving of legs had the both of them comfortable; Sam steadied over Daniel, facing away from him, supporting himself on his legs, his arms steadying him on the back of the sofa, and Daniel underneath him, able to move fairly freely.

Sam started to move up and down, gasping as he impaled himself on Daniel's cock. As the pace picked up, Sam's cock started to bounce up and down. As Sam bounced up and down, his cock grew harder, and started to slap his taut belly. Every movement brought Sam slightly closer to cumming. Eventually it was getting too much for Sam, and let himself stop while Daniel was fully within him, leant back, grasped his cock and started to stroke it, very quickly getting to a furious pace.

Sam's breath hitched slightly as his pace quickened and the stopped, with a grunt, as his cock was pointed up his body, his cum shot out in spurts, leaving trails up his body, up on to his chest. As he came, his hole clamped down on Daniel's cock, making every little movement feel stronger. Sam went a little limp as he came down from his orgasm.

Daniel supported Sam as he started to move beneath him, the movements making Sam's now flaccid cock jiggle around, causing it to tickle Sam a little. Quickly Daniel reached his limit and let forth a guttural grunt as he came, while Sam was fully impaled on his cock. Sam moaned as he felt the hot cum spurt into his ass, the surprise of the action giving way to the feeling of contentment from them both having cum.

Sam went to stand, but found his legs a little weak from the exertion and the positioning of them. After steadying himself for a second, he was able to stand, at least a bit. As he stood, he felt Daniel pop out of his hole and he felt the recently shot cum start to leak from his battered hole, a little trickle working its way down and round his cheek. In his contentment, he collapsed back onto the sofa and reached up to cup Daniel's face, pulling him to him and placing a tender kiss on his lips. The pair wrapped arms around each other and slowly drifted off to sleep lain on the sofa.