 I was frantically scrubbing every inch of myself. Giving a blowjob in the middle of the woods left me dirty, sweaty, and sticky, and I knew I'd better be fresh and clean when I went back to Jay's house that evening. 

It had come so out of the blue. He didn't hint at it, he had been normal the whole morning before we went out hiking along the forest. So if that's what I got without warning, what was I in for now that he told me to come back? How did he learn to shoot out that hard? How far would it have gone if it hadn't been down my throat? How could he have anything left after emptying so much in me?

The only answer I had was to keep cleaning, and my hands repeatedly wandered down to my freshly shaved ass. I had no idea if he was going to use me for anything other than my mouth, but god did I want him to. I squeezed my ass, the two round globes filling between my fingers. It wasn't anything that I worked on, I was just born with a tight bubble butt. As a guy, I didn't really think about it much, but feeling it did make me wonder if Jay had noticed it. It only brought me one benefit, and was the reason I needed to make sure it was smooth and presentable: it was insanely sensitive. 

I had no idea if every guy experienced what I did, but it was my hot button. I melted from my asshole being played with, and it was a feeling that I starved myself of outside of the occasional teasing with a soapy finger during showers. It drove me insane, sending tingling sensations up through me from the lightest touch. And the worst part? I had never put anything more than a finger inside. I wanted it so bad. I wanted to pleasure his dick and show my ass off until he had no choice but to take advantage of it.

My fingers wandered closer to my asshole as I washed myself. I squeezed it with both hands again, spreading it apart as much as I could. I moved my middle fingers to tease my hole and spread it. I needed it. Squeezed, spanked, spread, fingered, licked, eaten...fucked. Anything. I had to go over there, I couldn't take it. I finished up, got out, and texted him that I was coming over.

I drove to his house and walked up with the sun beginning to set. Only his car was in the driveway, and the front door was open for me. I had worked myself up into a frenzy and was nearly trembling from the suspense of not knowing what to expect. Was he going to play it cool? Was he going to be spent from earlier like he should be? Would he tell me it was all a mistake and shouldn't have happened?

"Jay?" I looked around downstairs. No one.

"Yeah come upstairs," I heard in a muffled tone from the second floor. I made my way up and saw his bathroom door closed, the faucet running behind it.

"Is anyone else here? I only saw your car outside," I told him from the hallway.

"No, it's just me for a few hours." he replied. I peered inside his room, and saw his clothes from the day in a pile on the floor. My heart started racing, was he getting ready for something?

"Get naked and come in here when you're ready, I'm starting the shower." Well there was my answer.

I stripped immediately, with my boxers sliding down my newly smooth ass. I threw my clothes in his room and shut the door, then walked into the bathroom. Steam hit my face as I closed the door behind me, and I turned to see Jay already naked, the eight inch monster that had assaulted my throat already half hard. I gulped. When I finally pulled my attention away from his mesmerizing dick, I looked up to see the same strip of fabric he had used to blindfold me earlier that day. I guess he had more.

"Am I just not going to be allowed to see?" I said as I walked to him.

"No, I want to see your whole face this time. This is to help you know your place." He smirked as he grabbed my wrist, pulled it in front of him and wrapped the fabric around it. He took the other wrist and did the same, tying them together in front of me. I was going to have no say in where I was put. 

"Perfect, now turn around," he instructed. I faced the door, and without being told I stuck my ass out for him.

"Yeah," was all he replied with. He was staring. He was looking at my asshole, between the two firm cheeks whose paleness contrasted with the rest of my decently tanned body. Fuck I was so hot, just from being looked at. 

"Hey, just so we're clear: You left your computer open last week. I saw everything on it, and I know what you want."

Oh god. So he knew I wouldn't say no from the start. 

"Now get in and get back on your knees where you belong."

I was so hot I couldn't handle myself. I hopped in the shower with the warm water running down the back of my head, and rested my tied up palms on the floor. As I did, he pulled the translucent curtain aside and stepped over the tub wall, giving me my first complete view of the now fully-erect piece of meat that had conquered my mouth earlier in the day. It wasn't washed yet. He wasn't clean. It still had my spit and his sweat from the day on it, and I didn't give a fuck. It was incredible. Curving upward, the thick shaft that he had forced in my face was complimented by a wide tube that had shot out such a heavy load on its underside, and a set of veins that my lips had been forced to slide against along its top side. The head mushroomed out and perfectly rounded at the top for me to swirl my tongue around it, and his balls were big and full. My cousin's cock was like a tree trunk that was made for me to get impaled on, and that's exactly what I planned on doing.

He didn't say a word, and I lunged my mouth forward to the base of his dick, where I stuck my tongue out and slowly ran it up along all eight inches as I stared up at his eyes. I did this again and again, letting moans out as I returned my tongue to the start of his balls and licked upwards. To my delight, he wasn't interested in sensual foreplay, at least not right now, and he grabbed the top of my head and pulled it back as he let the shower water run against his pelvis. His hand didn't let go, and as my breathung grew heavier in anticipation of what was coming next, he slid his fingers to the back of my hand and pulled my lips onto his waiting shaft in an instant. I gagged and gulped with his cockhead suffocating the back of my mouth for the second time in one day, but I had survived the first throatfuck, and knew I was expected to show some improvement with this one. 

Gulp, gulp, gulp, gulp, the sounds from between his legs echoed above the rush of the water. I made no effort to suppress the noises his dick forced my throat to make, and he loved it. My mouth was just as sloppy as it had been in the forest, but this time it wasn't hindered by the dry air of the hot day. Everything was wet, from the mushroom that was being force fed to me, to his balls that swung with each thrust, to the water that collected down the small of my back and down along my asshole. It wasn't much, but it certainly gave me motivation to keep my back arched, and advertise what I wanted so badly to be taken advantage of.

"You love it when I fuck that pretty little mouth of yours, don't you?" He asked, with huffing breaths inserted throughout?

All I could do was moan, when I could even make noise at all.

"I know you're ready for the rest of my cum that I promised you." His pace quickened. Was he ready to empty a second load in my throat again?

"You'd love that, wouldn't you? Ugh fucking dammit." I was hanging on for dear life, he was having a frenzy pistoning his member between my lips, and I couldn't do anything with my tied hands without losing balance. It was coming.

He grabbed my head with both hands to shove his cock deeper down my throat than it had ever been. I couldn't breathe, and he didn't need to plug my nose this time. Was I going to pass out? Who knows, I had to worry about drowning in this load of cum that was going to fill me.

"Ughhh god!" He yelled, and just as I felt a single pulse from the base of his shaft, he pulled the entire thing out of my mouth without a drop.

I was gasping for air, he was gasping to hold back the climax that was dying to erupt from his cock.

"Fuck, you almost made me end this early."

He stepped forward once I had taken a few breaths, gripped his shaft, lifted it, and pushed his balls against my lips. I had no choice but to oblige, and I opened wide to take both of them in my mouth. He had stopped so quickly and I didn't know why, but I questioned him only by sliding my tongue between and along them. They filled my mouth completely, I couldn't catch a break. But at least I could breath again.

Jay settled from his near-climax and let piece of meat he was holding to rest on my face. He took a moment to collect himself, to think straight as I sucked his balls with his dick on me.

"I told you I know what you want, and you're not getting this cum until you show me just how much of a slut you really are."

"Mmmmmmph," was all I could offer in return, but his words had me ready to be abused by his dick all over again.

"Get up," he spat. "And turn around." I faced away and bent slightly toward the front of the shower.

SMACK. He spanked my ass, leaving it with a small jiggle. He brought the same hand back and squeezed my right cheek, gripping it, kneading through it with his fingers. His hand felt so strong as it grasped my butt. I couldn't believe it.

"I'm going to make you my slut Sam. And there's nothing you can do to stop it."

His thumb slid down, grazing along my asshole. He circled it, then circled it again, and finally pressed firmly against the tight hole that I had been aching to be pleased. I gasped. It was my hot button, and he was pushing it.

"Oh my fucking god I'll do whatever you want. Please," I moaned.

"Yeah? You're going to do as you're told?"

"Yes! I'll do whatever you want. I can't even take it. Ughh." I had no condition, no request in return. I was just uncontrollably horny, and I was playing my part exactly as he'd intended.

"Good. Get out and stand in front of the bed." He took his thumb away from my wanting ass and pushed me out of the shower. Still wet and completely naked, I made my way into his room and stood by the foot of his bed as I had been told. The shower turned off. Across the hall, I could hear a cabinet opening, a few things being shuffled around, and the sound of hand soap from the bathroom. He was on the brink of shooting his load down my thoat from roughly fucking my face, what had he stopped for?

Suddenly, with only a few firm steps, he rushed through the doorway with his hard cock swaying back and forth his towel in his hand. Before I could even think to ask what he was going to do, he walked to me and pushed me back onto the bed. With his free hand, he grabbed the underside of my thigh and force my entire lower half to bend up, instantly bringing my knees to my shoulders and my asshole up and presented for him. I could feel the air of the room grazing against it, and I could do nothing but breathe heavily as he held me down in this position. As quickly as he had bent me back, his other hand shed the towel to reveal clothespins and a small toy. A toy? A plug? A vibrator? Where did he get that? And then I saw the gleaming of lube that had been pumped on it in the bathroom. Oh fuck. Was he going to put that in me?

Jay dropped the clothespins onto the bed and gripped my thigh even tighter. He pushed my legs back against me, and positioned the toy between my cheeks. Without hesitation, he pressed it against my rosebud. The lube was cold, and the single touch shot electricity up my spine.

"If you didn't think I was going to put this bubble butt of yours to good use, you were dead wrong."

Nothing had been in my ass before, was this going to hurt?

He pushed, twisted, and the small shape slid inside me as my hole opened tightly around it.

I gasped. I could feel my ass wanting to push it and tighten around it, and he watched as it slowly pulsed after swallowing this foreign object. There was a discomfort, but also a 'full' feeling that almost left me wanting more. The base rested against my hole, and Jay's fingers left it there.

"What is this for? It feels weird!" I squirmed to adjust to the sensation, and Jay allowed me to lower my legs back toward the bed. In the same motion, he climbed up the bed and over my torso.

"It's to make sure you catch some of it when I cross it off my bucket list." He grabbed my wrists, still tied together from before the shower, and held them back behind my head's place on the bed. With my arms out of the way, he knelt down and straddled above my chest, with his cock still engorged and aimed at my face yet again.

"You get to enjoy this too, but you aren't allowed to cum. You just get to moan for me to give you this load. Get that hole ready."

Ready?

Before letting me lick the tip of his head, he turned and reached back between my legs. He found the toy, still held tightly in my ass, and pressed a button on the end.

Oh fuck. 

The vibration started, and I nearly lost my mind. I started to cry out in pleasure but was muffled as he quickly stuffed my mouth with the length of his dick once more. Hands tied above me, my head back on the bed, his knees around me, this was a facefucking. He was breeding my mouth. Every thrust came with a louder and louder moan as I tried to grapple the sensations of having my throat victimized by my cousin's pounding cock and the vibrator that was sending convulsions through my virgin ass. I wanted to cum almost immediately, but Jay's dick prevented me from focusing much on anything else.

"Oh. Fuck. Yes. This is finally my tempo you fucking whore. And my target's going to be wide open."

Of course it was going to be wide open, his shaft had been stretching my lips since this afternoon.

Thrusting away, with my moans inserted between the rhythm of my gulps, his pace quickened and focused on the upper portion of his shaft. His breathing grew heavier. 

"Fuck. I'm not stopping it this time. Fuck. Fuck." He was going to gag me in this position if he shot another massive load in my mouth.

"Fuck. Yes. Slut." He was ready.

"Push that toy." He said as he continued to abuse my mouth. I could only moan in confusion.

"Push that vibrator and loosen up. You fucking wish it was going in your mouth. I've been waiting to see this. Oh shit."

I did as he said, and released the tension of my asshole, but the toy didn't go anywhere. After one final thrust, he pulled his dick out of my mouth. Was he stopping again?

"Fuck here it comes. Spread your legs you slut."

I didn't have the mind to do anything but obey. I spread my legs, and in one hurried motion, he back up along the bed and over my legs. Now below me on the bed, his hand rushed to my ass and gripped the base of the vibrator. With a twist, he pulled the toy from my hole and dropped it, leaving me with a sudden empty feeling that I was not prepared for.

"That's all I needed. Take it, bitch!" He yelled.

He pushed the head of his throbbing dick up against my asshole, still slightly open from having the vibrator pulled out.

Then I felt it. The warm pressure against it. 

"Ugh fuck!"

His cum was shooting in my hole. Just as strong, and just as much as that afternoon. I felt streams of his semen enter me and splash against my hole, pooling and running between the cheeks of my bubble butt like a creampie. I could imagine the feeling of his cum shooting down my throat earlier that day, and couldn't rationalize how he was doing the same thing to my ass just hours later. The sensation was intoxicating. He yelled with every pulse of cum that shot out at his target, an orgasm just as strong as the first. I looked down and watched the drops of cum shooting upward from the impact against my ass, landing all over my thighs and stomach. If it was possible to cum like a racehorse, he was the closest I had ever seen to it.

As his spurts grew weaker, he pushed his mushroom firmly against my hole, teasing what might be coming in my future.

I was so engulfed in the creamy mess that was being made of my butt, that I didn't notice Jay gathering items on the bed.

"Alright," he said, between breaths as he was sti coming down from his climax. "You earned this." What could he possibly have left to do after cumming like that?

Picking up the clothespins that had been sitting beside my used body, he held my wrists down with one hand and used the other to pin them on each of my nipples. It hurt at first, but the sensation was exhilirating. Backing up one final time, he admired the pool of cum in, on, and around my asshole that he was responsible for. Taking the vibrator and turning it on in his hand, he pushed it, along with the cum that had been sitting on it, inside my hole. I arched my back in response to the pleasure of feeling the vibration alone without my throat being pounded. I was going to cum, I couldn't stop this.

Not to be left out, he slowly made his way up above my face again, dripping cum on my quivering body along the way. He knelt for a final time, and dipped his soft, messy, cum covered member into my welcoming mouth, desperate to do anything to feel more like his slut than I already did. 

Helpless against the sensations coming from between my cheeks as I cleaned my cousin's dick with my tongue, the strongest orgasm I could remember welled up from within me. There was no stopping it, and I screamed with my mouth filled with Jay's cock. My hips started bucking, and my cum erupted from me, landing all over my own stomach. This lasted for nearly a minute, and I was in pure bliss with my hands restrained and both holes occupied.

Jay pulled his dick from between my sucking lips, stepped off the bed, and headed down the hall toward the bathroom.

"Thanks, I'll see you later. Don't forget your clothes." He called back to me.

Covered in cum, his and mine, from my mouth to my ass, I sat up to find my clothes.

I was going to need a shower when I got home.