 * * * * * * * * * *

Note: This is a BISEXUAL story. It has male-female sex, as well as male-male sex.

* * * * * * * * * *

"Did you really mean it?" Fred asked. "About wanting me?"

"Uh . . ." Lust fought with fear. Lust won. "Yeah. Whatever you want to do."

Fred looked from Andy's stiff dick to his face and smiled. "Man. You're as eager as a horny virgin."

"Once you've had a taste, you want more."

"More chocolate?"

"More cock," Andy answered. "What are we going to do?"

Fred stood up. "Get on the bed."

Andy rose to his feet and almost tripped over the briefs and slacks around his ankles. He stripped them off quickly. Fred took Andy's hand and led him to the bed. "Get on your hands and knees, with your butt sticking out."

"Okay." Andy was scared, but his cock was harder than ever.

Fred knelt at the foot of the bed. "You have a really sexy asshole." He surprised Andy by showering his butt cheeks with kisses, starting far away and gradually approaching his anus.

"Wow," Andy whispered. "That's great."

"Glad you like it." Fred licked up and down Andy's crack, then stroked his asshole with his flattened tongue. "I'm just getting started with your sweet ass." He pulled Andy's butt cheeks open and rolled the edges of his tongue up into a shape like a cannoli.

Andy's cock jerked as Fred's pointed tongue probed his asshole, gradually going deeper. "Oh God!" he moaned, grinding his butt into Fred's face.

Andy hadn't touched his dick, but he was close to coming when Fred pulled his tongue out of Andy's asshole. "I'm going to fuck you now."

"Oh yeah." Carol was standing beside Fred, fingering her pussy with one hand and fondling her breasts with the other. "Stick your big hard cock up our Vanilla Stud's sexy ass."

Fred whispered something to Carol. She laughed. Fred stood up and took a little plastic squeeze bottle out of the nightstand, then stepped behind Andy. A moment later, something pressed into his asshole, stretching it open.

It was just a finger, slick with lube. Andy took it easily, relaxing his anal muscles and letting it slide smoothly up his ass. He'd gotten this far with Pete. It'd hurt a little, at first, but then started feeling good. Really good. The problem came when Pete had tried to fuck him. And Fred's cock was a lot bigger than Pete's . . .

"You like that." Fred worked his finger in and out of Andy's ass, twisting his wrist to distribute the lubricant evenly and occasionally pulling out to add more lube, getting faster and rougher as he went along.

Andy moaned and pushed back to take more of Fred's finger. Fred laughed and kissed Carol. "He's getting into it, Babe."

"He sure is." Carol's voice was husky. Andy turned his head to see her. She had three fingers in her pussy and was rubbing her clit with her thumb. "Think he's ready for your big hard cock?"

"Oh yeah." Andy wanted that giant pole desperately. "Fuck me."

"All right." Fred pulled his finger out of Andy's ass. "I've been fantasizing about your butt since we saw you in the bar." His cock-head pressed into Andy's asshole, gradually stretching it open.

"Damn!" Andy gasped. "You've got a fuckin' big dick."

Fred stopped moving. "You okay? I don't want to hurt you."

"Yeah. Just take it easy. I've never had a cock . . . uh . . . this big . . . up my ass." Andy pushed back against Fred's stiff pole, stretching his asshole a little wider. It hurt, but also felt good.

Fred held still. "Have you ever been fucked?"

"Well, no." Andy edged forward, then pressed back, taking a little more of Fred's broad head. "But I want your cock."

"Take your time," Fred said. "I'm not going anywhere."

Andy took a deep breath and tensed his muscles, then thrust backwards, spiking his asshole on Fred's oversized rod. "Ow!" He jerked away from the pain.

Fred bent forward and wrapped his arms around Andy's chest, then kissed the back of his neck. It's all right. We can stop if you want."

"No," Andy said. "I want you to fuck me." Fred's cock-head was still pressing into his asshole. He pushed back again, taking a little more of Fred's cock before the pain got too intense. "Damn!"

"It's okay." Fred kissed the back of Andy's neck again, then stood up. "Let's try something different."

Fred lay on his back. Andy put more lube in his ass and on Fred's stiff pole, then straddled Fred's hips, facing him. He bent forward and kissed Fred.

"You ready?" Fred asked.

"Yeah, I guess. But I'm kinda scared--"

"You'll be fine. Just take it easy. We've got all night."

"This is great," Carol said. "I've never seen a virgin guy lose his cherry." She was sitting in a straight chair beside the bed with her legs spread, fingering her pussy.

"Look at this, Andy." Carol stood up and bent over, facing away from the men, then pulled her butt cheeks open, displaying her cute little puckered hole. "Shaft's big cock fits in here. A big guy like you can take his pole just fine."

She sat back down. "Just relax and you'll be all right." She cupped her breasts and pinched her nipples briefly, then slid her hands down to her thighs.

Andy watched Carol rub her inner thighs, making long slow circles that gradually moved closer to her pussy. She was breathtakingly erotic, but so was Gretchen in her own country girl way. Why was he thinking about Gretchen, anyway?

"You ready?" Fred asked.

Andy thought about Pete for a split second before looking down at Fred. "Yeah." He gripped Fred's rod as he lowered his butt, pressing the big body-builder's cock-head into his asshole, gradually stretching it open.

Fred held still, letting Andy do everything. "Is this better?"

"Yeah." Andy pushed down on Fred's flaring cock head, stretching his asshole wider than before. "So far, so-- Ow!" He pulled back a little. The pain subsided after a few seconds and he pushed back down, going deeper before it hurt again.

"It's all right," Fred said. "You're brave. Lots of guys are afraid of my big pole."

"It scares me." Andy pushed down steadily, ignoring the pain. It wasn't as bad as before and his own cock was as stiff as a steel rod. "But I still want you to fuck me."

"That's brave." Fred ran his hands over Andy's muscular arms and chest. "Being scared and doing it anyway."

Andy gasped and lifted his butt off Fred's cock when the pain grew suddenly worse. He took a deep breath and let it out, trying to relax, then lowered his ass again, taking a little more of Fred's cock-head. "Damn!" he whispered.

"You're doing good," Fred said. "It helps if you jack off."

"Okay." Andy stroked his hard dick, running his curled fingers up and down his rigid shaft and pinching his cock-head while rocking up and down, gradually stretching his asshole wider. He had to take it easy. Too much pressure on his straining cock and he'd shoot instantly.

Finally, Fred's broad cock-head was completely inside Andy's tightly-stretched anal ring. He stroked his cock lightly while slowly lifting his butt and then pushing it down, taking more of Fred's oversized rod each time.

Fred's stiff, tightly-curled pubic hair scratched Andy's buttocks. His heart was pounding and he felt breathless. That giant pole was all the way up his ass, stretching and filling him wider and deeper than he'd thought possible. It still hurt, but only a little. "Oh man!" he gasped. "That's so fucking good."

"Feels good to me, too," Fred said. "You riding my dick."

"I'm just getting saddled up." Andy raised his butt cautiously, then lowered it again, just as slowly and carefully, moving Fred's cock in his over-stretched asshole. After a few slow strokes, his anal muscles had adapted to the oversized invader, letting him go faster. "Ride 'em cowboy," he muttered.

Carol laughed. "Giddyup!" She was still sitting in the straight chair beside the bed, leaning forward to see them better and working two fingers in her pussy while rubbing her clit. "Come on, Stud. Take a long hard ride on Shaft's big hard cock."

"We're gonna take a real ride now." Fred rolled his hips, driving his stiff pole in and out of Andy's rocking butt.

"Oh yeah." Andy went faster. After learning to relax his ass muscles, it felt good to tighten them around Fred's plunging pole. He held his cock loosely, to keep it from bouncing around too much, but didn't dare beat off. He was close to coming, anyway.

"God!" Carol gasped. "You guys are so hot!" Her fingers were busy between her thighs while she stared at the men on the bed. "I'm gonna--" She screamed, coming hard.

That was too much. Andy tightened his grip on his throbbing pole and jacked it roughly, shooting long streamers of cum onto Fred's chest and face after a few strokes.

"Wow!" Andy held still with his ass still spiked on Fred's hard cock. "That was great." It'd been the most intense orgasm he'd ever had. "I never knew what I was missing."

"Well, you're not missing it anymore."

"True." Andy bent forward to kiss Fred and the big man's dick shifted in his ass. "Oh!"

"Did that hurt?"

"Kinda. I'm just super-sensitive after coming."

"That's normal."

"Yeah. I know." Andy moaned softly as he lifted his ass off Fred's massive pole. "I'll be ready for another round soon." He stood up and took a couple of shaky steps. His cock was still rock-hard, even though he'd just come.

"I'm ready for another round right now." Fred rose to his feet and patted Andy's butt, then looked at Carol. "Any takers?"

"Poor Shaft. You haven't come." Carol grinned and moved from the chair to the bed. "I'll help you out." She rolled onto her back and folded her knees against her chest, lifting her ass. "Come on. I'm ready for your big black cock."

"Oh yeah, Baby." Fred lubricated his index finger and slid it up Carol's asshole. It went in easily. "I'm gonna fuck the hell out of your sexy butt."

She moaned and humped his finger as he worked it in and out of her ass. "Come on, Shaft. I'm ready now."

"Okay." Fred pulled his finger out of Carol's butt.

Andy was standing a few feet away from the bed, slowly stroking his hard rod. Fred grabbed his arm and pulled him closer. "See that, Vanilla? My Baby's hot black booty?" Andy nodded. "Bet you'd like to put your cock in there." Andy nodded again. Fred laughed. "Well, it's mine now. Least for a while." He smeared lube on his stiff pole, then pressed his cock-head between Carol's buttocks. "Ready, Baby?"

"Oh yeah. Give me that big hard . . . shaft." Carol gasped as Fred slid his cock into her asshole, stopping with his balls pressed against her buttocks.

"Like that?" Fred drew back, pulling completely out of Carol's ass and then pushing back in slowly, teasing her tight little anal ring before sliding home.

"Just like that." She rocked her hips, humping Fred's hard cock. "It feels so good."

"For me, too." Fred fucked her butt with long slow strokes. "You're the best."

Andy jacked his painfully hard tool while watching Fred and Carol. Soon, the sight of the big black bodybuilder's long sliding cock and muscular rolling buttocks grew irresistible. He picked up the lube and stepped behind Fred.

He froze when Andy's lubricated finger pressed into his asshole. "Yeah, Vanilla. Fuck my ass while I pound Carol's sweet booty." Andy pulled his finger out of Fred's butt and replaced it with his cock. He gripped his shaft and pressed his cock-head into Fred's anal ring. It was super-tight, making him work to get inside.

"Is it in yet?" Fred laughed and relaxed his ass muscles, letting Andy slide home. "Just messin' with you, man. You got a big-ass cock and it feels great." He clamped his anal muscles around Andy's stiff pole. His asshole was even hotter and tighter than Pete's.

"Your butt feels great, too." Andy pulled out slowly, admiring the sight of his thick white shaft emerging from the little puckered hole between Fred's rich coffee-colored buttocks. He stopped with his cock-head just inside Fred's anal ring, then pushed back inside.

"That's good," Fred said. "Now, fuck me good and hard. I'm ready for you."

Andy started out slow, pulling almost out and then slamming home. Fred rolled his hips in time with Andy's thrusts, working his cock in and out of Carol's asshole as the fuck train gradually gained speed.

"Oh fuck!" Fred gasped. "I haven't been in the middle like this for . . . too damn long!" He pounded Carol's ass while Andy rammed him.

Carol moaned and fingered her clit while Fred's crotch slammed into her buttocks with a loud slapping sound. "That's right, Shaft! Fuck me. Fuck my ass . . . hard. Oh God I'm--" She screamed, coming hard.

"Yeah, Baby!" Fred gasped. "Come for me!" His anal muscles clamped Andy's plunging pole. "Oh Jesus! I'm gonna--"

"Oh yeah, Baby!" Carol cried. "Give me your hot cum. All of it. Up my ass."

"You like that load, Baby?" Carol screamed as Fred slammed her ass, over and over. That set Andy off and he pumped his own hot load into Fred's ass.

* * * *

In the shower, they spent more time playing with each others' bodies than they did getting clean. Carol bent over and sucked Fred's cock while Andy fucked her pussy. Then, the men traded places. She came, several times, but they didn't. Finally, they dried off and left the bathroom.

Andy picked up his shirt and started to put it on. "You don't have to go," Carol said.

"We'd like you to stay," Fred added. "There's nothing like waking up between a pair of horny partners."

"And Shaft wakes up damn horny," Carol said. "So do I. Especially with a stud like you in the bed next to me."

"Oh man." Andy looked from the beautiful black couple to the clock on the nightstand. It was well past midnight. "I want to. Real bad. But I've got to get up at dawn to meet a construction foreman at a job site in San Mateo."

"Oh come on . . . Stud." Carol kissed Andy and then wrapped her hand around his cock. It hardened instantly. "You'll get some sleep."

"It's tempting." Andy pulled away reluctantly. "But I better not. Maybe tomorrow night."

"I can't," Carol said. "I'm flying to New Orleans this afternoon. And Fred's going back to Berkeley. It'll have to be next time." She flashed a wicked grin. "There will be a next time, won't there?"

"Oh yeah," Andy said. "I'm gonna be here a lot."

"Good." Carol took a business card out of her purse and handed it to Andy. He gave her one of his own. "If you know any swingers, women or men, bring 'em."

"Uh, all right." Andy got dressed and prepared to leave.

Fred stopped him at the door and kissed him. "You know, I'm a venture capitalist and I can work from anywhere. I don't have to go home tomorrow."

* * * * * * * * * *

Copyright © 2017 by Ken James

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, organizations, and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, locales, organizations, or events is entirely coincidental.

Please contact me. I love getting feedback and reply to every message.

Thanks to Wayde, my greatest fan, best friend, and husband, for all his love, enthusiasm, and support.

* * * * * * * * * *