 * * * * * * * * * *
Note: This is a BISEXUAL story. It has male-female sex, as well as male-male sex.
* * * * * * * * * *

"Is this seat taken?" The speaker was an Amazon--a muscular black woman almost as tall as Andy, with long flowing hair and rich chocolate skin, wearing a white blouse with a plunging neckline and a tight short burgundy skirt. She was holding a pale pink drink in a frosted martini glass.

"Uh . . . No." Andy stood up so fast he almost spilled his beer. "Please."

"Thank you." She bent forward as she sat down, giving Andy a spectacular view down her dress. "I'm Carol."

"Andy." He sank into his chair and took a sip of beer while trying to think. She didn't seem like a hooker, but it was early evening and there were empty tables in the hotel bar. "Nice to meet you."

It sounded stiff, but Carol didn't seem to notice. "Have you been in San Francisco before?" she asked.

"A few times, but I haven't seen much except board rooms on this trip."

"Are you an executive?"

"An architect."

"Oh, that's good." She smiled. "Have you built anything . . . big?"

"Not yet." Andy wondered if he was blushing. "We're building an office complex in Lakeway."

"Lakeway? That's near Austin." Her voice had the faintest trace of a Texas accent.

"You from Texas? Not many people have heard of Lakeway."

"Dallas. What are you doing here? It's a long way from Austin."

"We're remodeling the Pacific Sunrise Trading Company headquarters. I'm reviewing the plans with the board." Andy was starting to relax. Carol was easy to talk to. "How about you?"

"I'm a senior auditor for Price-Waterhouse. I live in Berkeley, but I stay in a hotel when we have a big job downtown. Saves me a couple hours of commuting every day." She put her hand on Andy's knee. "But I want to talk about you."

"About me?" He tried to ignore his giant boner.

"Are you married?" He shook his head. "Girlfriend?" She smiled when he shook his head again. "A boyfriend, maybe?"

"Nope. Not that either."

"Good. I like men." She tightened her grip on Andy's knee. "Do you like me?"

"Oh yeah!"

"Want to go upstairs?"

Andy wondered if he was dreaming. This seemed more like a porn movie than real life. Since arriving in San Francisco, he'd exchanged a few neutral texts with Gretchen. He'd called Pete on Sunday night and apologized for running away.

Pete had been so understanding that Andy felt like an asshole. "Don't worry," he'd said. "We're friends. That won't change, even if we don't have sex."

Carol was still looking at him. "Well?"

"Sure. Let's go." He started to get up.

Carol hadn't moved. "Just one thing. Do you swing?"

"Swing?" Andy sat back down.

"You, me, and my husband." She pointed to a nearby table. A handsome black man was sitting there. His expensive suit didn't hide his bulging muscles. He smiled and nodded to Andy.

"Well, I dunno . . ." Andy's hard cock was painfully trapped in his briefs.

She misunderstood his silence. "You don't have to touch each other. Just me."

"It's just . . . I've never done anything like that."

"I want you either way." She slid her hand up his thigh. "But it'd make me so hot if Fred could join in."

Andy looked at the big black bodybuilder, imagining what he looked like without the suit. "Sure. Why not?"

"Good." She stood up and took Andy's hand. "Let's go." They left the bar. Fred followed them.

* * * *

They were alone in the elevator. Carol tongue-kissed Andy, plastering her body against his, then turned to Fred and kissed him, just as hard and dirty. "Wow," she whispered. "Two studs." She put her hands on the men's crotch bulges. "All for me."

The elevator stopped. Carol said, "This is our floor." She led Andy and Fred out of the elevator and down the hall. Her muscular buttocks, undulating under the tight dress, were hypnotic.

When Carol stopped in front of a door, Andy tore his eyes away from her shapely ass and looked at Fred. The big man was grinning. At Andy. He winked and Andy looked away.

Carol saw them and smiled. "You boys are going to have a lot of fun." She slipped the key card into the reader. "So am I." She pushed the door open and they went into the room. It was three times the size of Andy's room, with a bar, a sitting area, and a bed big enough for four.

As the door closed, Carol took Andy in her arms and kissed him passionately, flattening her breasts against his chest and grinding her crotch into the bulge in his pants. "You kiss good," she whispered.

"So do you." He slipped his hands down to her buttocks and kneaded them while they kissed. She really knew how to use her tongue. He hadn't been with many women, but she was special--totally attuned to her body, and her desires.

Carol pulled away and kicked her high heels off. "Guess you like chocolate."

"I sure like you."

She flashed a wicked smile. "This your first time with a Sister, isn't it?"

"Uh . . . yeah." He wasn't going to admit how few women he'd slept with.

"You know that old saying?" Carol unbuttoned her blouse and pulled it open, showing the half-bra supporting her heavy breasts. Its white leaf pattern over translucent fabric revealed tantalizing glimpses of her dark brown areolas. "Once you go black, you'll never go back." She took the blouse off and dropped it on an easy chair. "It's true. After you've been with me, vanilla pussy will never be the same."

Andy tried to keep his eyes on Carol's face. "I'll risk it."

"That's the spirit." She unfastened the half-bra and dropped it on top of her blouse. Her big nipples were already hard. "Don't be afraid to look at my tits." She cupped her breasts and rolled her nipples between her thumbs and index fingers. "I want you to look at my tits." Her eyes drifted down to his crotch. "I think you like what you see."

"You know it."

"Yeah. I do." Carol took off her skirt. Her panties had the same leaf over translucent fabric design as her bra and was just as concealing . . . and revealing. "I know how much you want me."

She unbuttoned his sports shirt. He took it off and let it fall to the floor. Then, Carol unfastened his belt buckle and undid his fly. "I want you just as badly." His stiff cock sprang up when she pushed his slacks and briefs down around his ankles.

"Nice pole you got there." Carol wrapped her hand around Andy's hard-on and rubbed her thumb and index finger over its head. "I'm going to suck it." She sank to her knees and wrapped her lips around his cock-head and shaft. She had a trick of lashing his cum-slit with her tongue while pressing her thumb into the sensitive little spot just under his corneal ring that drove him wild. He wanted to grab her head and fuck her face violently, but he held back.

"Yummy!" Carol smiled up at Andy. "I love chocolate, but vanilla's really sweet, too." She kissed his precum-leaking tip. "And I have both." She looked to the side. "Come here, Shaft. You're up."

"I've sure got some chocolate for you, Baby." Fred was stark naked. Andy hadn't noticed him undressing. His ebony pole, rising from a dense bed of tightly-curled pubic hair, was far longer and thicker than Andy's.

Andy stared at Fred's massive rod, fascinated and terrified as he imagined that monster cock invading his little virgin asshole.

Fred saw where he was looking and grinned. "I've got some chocolate for you, too."

"Uh . . . Well . . ."

Fred laughed and slapped Andy's ass. "Let me know when you're ready." He turned to Carol. "Here's a big thick Fudgsicle, Baby. Come get it, before it melts."

Andy watched in fascination as Carol licked up and down Fred's stiff pole and sucked his balls, then took his cock-head and shaft in her mouth. She squeezed his balls and bobbed on his rod until he was breathing hard and rolling his hips. "Getting close, Shaft?"

"Yeah, Baby. Real close."

"I want your cream. But not yet." She turned to Andy. "I'm ready for some vanilla, now." She kneaded his balls while stroking his shaft and licking and sucking his cock-head. He was about to come when she switched back to Fred.

Carol alternated between Andy and Fred, getting one man close to a climax, then switching to the other. Finally, she took both men's cock-heads in her mouth, kissing, licking, and sucking them while stroking their rigid staffs.

Fred and Andy stared at each other while their swollen knobs rubbed against each other in Carol's hot wet mouth. The air between the two men cracked with lust.

Carol released their cocks. "You guys play with each other. I want to watch."

"Okay, Babe." Fred caught Andy in a bear hug and kissed him with frightening intensity. Andy kissed him back fiercely, thrusting and parrying the big black man's aggressive tongue.

Fred let Andy go and stepped back, then gripped his stiff shaft just below his cock-head and aimed his rod at Andy. After staring at Fred's outstretched pole for a few seconds, Andy gripped his own pole and pressed his cock-head against Fred's. The contact was electric.

Andy and Fred stood face-to-face, almost touching, and rubbed the super-sensitive tips of their cocks against each other. Andy had never felt anything like it. Not with a woman, or even Pete. His balls tightened as he rubbed his precum-leaking tip in a tiny circle around Fred's cum-slit.

Carol took her panties off, leaned back in one of the easy chairs, and spread her legs. "God!" she whispered. "You guys are so hot." She slowly moved her middle and index fingers in and out of her pussy while she watched the men.

Fred leered at Carol. "You're pretty damn hot yourself, Baby." He turned back to Andy and kissed him. "I like vanilla, but most white guys don't turn me on near as much as you do."

Andy kept rubbing his cock against Fred's. "I'm not gay. Fact is, I've only been with one other man. But I sure want you."

Fred grinned. "Want me how?"

"Any way. Whatever you want to do."

"All right."

"Hey boys." They turned to look at Carol. She'd stopped masturbating and was holding her pussy open with two fingers. Its lips, framed by her closely-trimmed curly black pubic hair, were darker than the skin surrounding it, and its interior was a shocking bright pink, glistening with moisture. "Don't forget me."

"Don't worry, Babe," Fred said. "I could never forget you."

Carol smiled. "You get distracted sometimes."

"I always come back."

"I know." Carol crooked a finger at Andy. "But it's my turn right now."

"That's okay. I'll be getting my share, soon enough." Fred pushed Andy to his knees between Carol's spread thighs. "Now, give the lady what she wants."

Andy kissed Carol--starting with her hot hungry mouth, then her face, throat, breasts, belly, and on down between her legs, nibbling her pussy lips, and flicking her clit with the tip of his tongue. He pulled her open and plunged his tongue into her depths, making her buck and moan.

"Oh God, Baby!" Carol gasped. "You do that good." She put fingers on either side of her pussy and pulled its lips open wider, exposing her clit. She screamed and thrashed, coming violently as he licked and sucked her little bud while sliding two fingers in and out of her pussy.

Carol finally pushed him away. "That's enough, Stud." She laughed. "For now. I'm a greedy little girl--"

"You look pretty big to me." Andy looked up from Carol's gaping pussy and swollen clit, shiny with her juices and his saliva, lingered briefly on her big brown breasts, with her puffy nipples and broad dark chocolate areolas, and finally settled on her face. Her smile was angelic. "And really sexy too."

"Okay, I'm a greedy big girl." She laughed again. "And I'm going to get a lot more from my Vanilla Stud."

"I've sure got more." Andy's pole was rock-hard and his balls were painfully tight. "What now?"

Carol bent forward to look at his erection and smiled. "I want your big vanilla cock in my tight chocolate pussy--"

"I can handle that."

"Sexy Baby." She ran her fingers over his crewcut. "You're going to handle it really good." She bent further forward and kissed him. "But not yet. It's Fred's turn."

"You mean 'Shaft?'"

"Yeah. I like giving my special men pet names. But just my really special men . . ."

"So I'm special?"

"Cute, smart, sexy, and sweet? Sure."

Andy turned around to look at Fred, grinning like he'd won a big prize. "What now . . . Shaft?"

Fred frowned slightly. "'Shaft' is her pet name for me. Just call me 'Fred.'" Andy nodded and Fred smiled. "Now it's my turn."

"All right," Andy said. "It's going to be fun watching you and Carol."

"No," Fred answered. "It's my turn . . . with you."

[to be continued]

* * * * * * * * * *
Copyright © 2017 by Ken James

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, organizations, and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, locales, organizations, or events is entirely coincidental.

Please contact me. I love getting feedback and reply to every message.

Thanks to Wayde, my greatest fan, best friend, and husband, for all his love, enthusiasm, and support.
* * * * * * * * * *