 When I was a young I used to hitchhike a lot as I had no other mode of transportation. I came from a poor background and hitching gave me the means to get to jobs and wherever I needed to go. I was always thankful for the lift and made it a point to thank my benefactors.

When I grew older and had had the means to purchase a car, I made it a practice to pick up hitchhikers and give them rides due to my experiences as a hitchhiker in my youth. 

One day while driving home a young man was hitching and I stopped and asked where he was headed. He told me and I said I can get you most of the way so hop in. We drove about a mile without another word between us. Then I felt his hand on my knee and I looked at him and he said would u like a blowjob. I reached over and grabbed his hand and threw it away from my knee without saying anything. I thought to myself that I will stop at the next intersection and tell him to get out. This was in an era when gay people were not openly gay. Being gay was simply not approved by society.

But as I drove on I could feel my cock getting hard. I thought this just can't be real me getting a hard on after being propositioned by a homosexual. I'm straight I thought. But there was no denying it my cock was getting harder. I tried shifting in my seat to avoid him noticing my uncomfortable situation. I looked over and he was smiling and I knew he was aware of my obvious attempt to hide my growing erection. Then he spoke again with a little more strength in his voice. You do want me to suck you off, don't you? I was taken back by his brashness and the fact that fact I was virtually unable to speak. Then I felt his hand not on my knee but on my swollen cock. I kept driving looking straight ahead afraid to look down. He started to slowly massage my cock through my pants and I felt my cock actually jerk. My thoughts shifted from this can't be happening to I'm not gay why am I letting this go on? Why don't I just stop and order him out?

Then I heard him softly say after the next intersection there is an abandon building you can pull around behind and be out of sight if you want. Without hesitation I turned and drove around behind the building and stopped. All the while he kept massaging my cock and it felt so good I didn't want him to stop. He slowing pulled my zipper down and reached inside and released my cock, which sprang straight up. He took it back in his hand and slowly stroked it as he lower his head. Then I felt warmth and wetness as he took my cock into his mouth. I sat rigid with my eyes closed as he sucked my cock afraid to watch. He continued to suck my cock deep into his mouth until I felt it hit the back of his throat. The feeling was like nothing I had ever felt before. Then, almost without warning, my cock erupted and I blow a huge load directly into his mouth and without gagging or choking he swallowed it all. 

I was in a virtual state of shock this had all happened so fast. He slowly pulled his mouth off my cock and as it slipped past his lips I had sudden pangs of quilt. Could I be gay? No way I'm gay I just can't be. I just can't be.

The he looked at me with a strange smile and he said you liked it didn't you? I hesitated and he said I know you did. You came so fast and with such a big load you had to really enjoy it. Then an even bigger surprise was in store for me as he rose up I could see his hard cock pointing straight up. When he took it out I was not sure, but I was almost mesmerize by the sight of it. My cock is about 6" and his had to be at least 2" longer. To look at him I would never had thought that this young man would possess such a big cock one at least 8".

He saw the look on my face as I stared at his cock and he said do you like it? I could hardly talk, but I said I can't believe you have such a big cock and then I got the biggest shock yet. He asked do you want to suck it? I weakly said you don't understand I'm not gay. He said I didn't ask you if you were gay I asked if you wanted to suck it. I couldn't believe what came out of my mouth I meekly said yes as he reached over and put his hand behind my head and pulled me down toward his cock. I closed my eyes so I would not have to see. Then I felt the head of his cock press against my lips. As he pressed harder I slowly opened my lips and let his cock slip into my mouth. He pushed it in to the point I started to gag and then he withdrew a little as he started to slowly fuck my mouth. He held my head as he started fucking faster and deeper. I could taste what I thought was he precum and it was not at all what I expected. In fact it was kinda sweet. As he continue to fuck my face I started bobbing my head as I was actually starting to like what was happening. He said for a first time cocksucker you are doing great. Keep it up.

Then I heard him start to moan and wondered if that meant he was about to cum. I started to pull my mouth from his cock but he pushed my head down harder holding it in place as he fucked up into my mouth. Then with a big thrust he must have busted a nut because cum started pouring into my mouth. It was much saltier and bitter than the precum. I choked some but knew I had to swallow to keep from gagging and choking so I swallowed and continued to swallowed until I had it all down.

He let my head go and his cock slipped from my mouth. I had guilt feelings but yet I had to admit I enjoyed what had just happened. He sensed my feeling and he said not to worry this did not mean your gay. I straightened up started the car and drove him to where I had planned to take him before. After I let him out and began my drive home, the thoughts that I might be gay started. 

To date I have not had another gay sexual encounter, but as time goes by, I looked back and think I really did enjoy having my cock sucked and yes I also enjoyed sucking cock. Am I gay?