 I have been committed to my career for so long now that I have almost forgotten about what a social life is. Sure I thought about sex and managed to pick up a few women from time to time, but nothing too serious. I was your typical straight workaholic type – for the record, I am in my 30s and with an average slender build.

Anyway, I escaped from work at 8pm knowing I had an hour to make it to the shops and buy a new pair of pants I was in desperate need of. I had been into 3 shops and it was now right on 9pm and I had not found what I was looking for. I was looking through the window of the next shop – they still looked open, so I wondered in. I browsed through quickly and grabbed a couple of pairs to try on. The sales assistant was taller than me with long legs, a beautiful smile, blonde hair and deep hazel eyes. If I wasn’t in such a hurry, I would have stopped for a little longer to soak in her beauty. I asked if I had time to try them on. She said “not a problem, but I am going to lock the front door as we are now closed.”

The first pair fitted perfectly, and so I politely yelled out to her “that I was going to take the first pair.” Before I could finish the sentence, she had the curtain open. “mmm they do look good…do you want to try the others on as well?” She stood there watching closely as I tried on the second pair. I felt a little strange at first, but then I thought, well this is kind of a professional setting so it must be alright. But then something happened which definitely changed my mind. She brushed her hand against the outline of my cock and moaned. I looked at her and smiled. That was it seems all she needed. She pulled the curtain closed in the change room and began to suck on the outline of my cock which was growing harder by the second. She looked at me with her sexy eyes and pulled the waistband down. Then she engulfed my cock in one go. I have 8 inches cut – average thickness. Every inch was in her hot wet mouth and she sucked me hard. She pulled off for only a second to tell me to cum in her mouth fast. I didn’t need much encouragement as she was driving me crazy. Here I was with one of the sexiest women I had ever seen giving me blowjob. Within a couple of minutes I was filling her mouth with my juices. She did not miss a drop. She then licked her lips and told me her name was Sandy and that I should get dressed and join her for a drink.

I paid for the pants without a word being spoken. She looked at my card to get my name (Kevin) and whispered for me to follow her to her city apartment.

Sandy lived on the 20th floor of a city block. The views were spectacular at night with all the city lights below. She told me to make myself comfortable on the leather lounge while she changed and made us a drink. When Sandy walked back in the room my cock was immediately back at full attention. She was dressed in a sexy teddy which barely concealed her perfect looking breasts. She was carrying just one drink with two straws. She straddled me as we sipped on the cocktail. I am not sure what it was – but I did not really care at that point. It was making me feel a little giddy, in a happy kind of way. Her ass was rubbing against my hardening cock. We kissed long and passionately for several minutes before she invited me into her bedroom. 

She removed my clothing piece by piece, licking my nipples and down my chest as she did it. I was standing there naked with just the moonlight to see the silhouette of this gorgeous woman before me. She slipped her teddy off to give me the first real look at those pert breasts. She was still wearing lace panties as she pushed me down on her bed, which had a burgundy silk sheet draped over it. I licked and sucked on those nipples as she fed them to me one by one. 

“Do you like my breasts – you are the first one to touch them since I had the implants.” Asked Sandy. “They are perfect” I muttered as I kissed her soft lips again.

“Kevin, have you ever had anal sex before?” I shook my head. “It’s such a sexual and personal thing – I want to feel you in my ass. Will you fuck my ass Kevin?”

Her voice was so sexy, I could not resist her. “I’d love to try anything with you.” 

I lay on my back on the bed. My cock was as hard as ever. When it is erect it curves back up slightly. So as I look down I could see the tip clearly. Sandy returned from the bathroom with her panties on as she straddled me. She pulled the g-string to one side as she placed my cock at the entrance of her hole. She had obviously applied some lotion while she was in the bathroom. My cock started to slide into her. It was an amazing feeling as she moved her hips from side to side. Her ass was tight and firm around my cock. Her tits were in my face as I helped her move up and down on my shaft. Each time she felt me get close she slowed down so we could fuck some more. Finally I could not take any more and I exploded deep inside her ass. She clenched her cheeks together to drain the last of the cum from me.

Then something happened which really took me off guard. Sandy fell forward to rest on my chest. There was something hard between her legs. I did not pay a huge amount of attention to it as after all I had just had the best fuck of my life with a gorgeous woman.

After a while Sandy asked me to close my eyes as she stood up off me. I could hear her remove her g-string and felt her crawl back on to the bed. Her knees were resting on either side of my upper body. She then asked me to open my eyes. As I glanced into her eyes she encouraged me to look down. I could not believe what I saw. In Sandy’s hands was a cock, and it was not mine.

“Shhh – don’t be angry. I could have let you go and never told you my secret. But I wanted you to have the chance to experience all I have to offer as I have never been with someone like you and felt so much sexual energy before.”

“I I I I …” was all I could get out.

“Try it – it can be our secret.” Said Sandy.

I tried to open my mouth to say something else, but Sandy had leaned forward and my open mouth was greeted with her cock. That sounds so strange. But she looked so much like a woman except for this 5 inch cock. Perhaps I should have registered when she kept her g-string on and wanted me to fuck her ass, but she must have had her cock tucked away – because I don’t remember seeing a bulge. I had no time to think of that now. I had a cock in my mouth.

She teased my lips with it, before then pushing it all the way in my mouth. She urged me to suck hard. Sandy was horny alright…she was oozing pre-cum and her cock was throbbing. I could feel the pressure start to build very quickly. Then it happened. Cum started to fill my mouth and dribble out the corners. She emptied her load into my mouth and then onto my face. Then Sandy leaned forward and kissed me. We shared her juices.

As she broke the kiss away she lay beside me looking at me with her sexy eyes. I was still thinking of her as a woman despite the fact that I had just had her cock in my mouth. I was confused. I was not gay. I had never even contemplated being with a guy before, yet here I was in bed with a sort of guy.

Sandy said “you are a fantastic lover. I hope you don’t think I tricked you. I know my looks are deceiving. But have you never been with a guy before at all?” I shook my head.

“I will understand if you want to leave and forget this ever happened and there will be no hard feelings. But I want you to know that I would like you to stay. I want you to experience all I have to offer.”

I was captivated by Sandy’s beauty and by the sexual chemistry. I was trying to justify the idea of being with a guy by thinking about being with a person who I considered beautiful and sexy rather than looking at the sexual activity itself. I was curious too. I wanted to stay.

I leaned over and kissed Sandy lightly on the lips. For the first time I felt another cock rubbing against my own. As I moved down to kiss her breasts and suck on her nipples, I felt her hardening again. She was so excited by my decision to stay.

Sandy stood up on the bed in front of me. I looked straight up taking in every part of this extraordinary body. Looking at the top half, I could not believe what was below. My eyes were fixated on her cock, as she grabbed both my legs and pulled them over her shoulders. “I want to be inside you,” she said.

It was probably a good thing that I did not have time to take in what she had just said. It was one thing to have tasted a cock and another all together to have one shoved inside me. That was something I had definitely never considered until just now. Sandy had already smeared her cum in my ass earlier so I was wet and loose as suddenly her cock thrust at my entrance. It pushed deep inside in one swift motion. I let out a yelp in pain, but she continued with her slow thrusts. After a few minutes the pain had gone and I was yearning for each thrust. Her cock was buried deep in my ass now and I was begging her to cum. She filled my ass with her juices until I felt them leaking out down my leg. I had never experienced anything like it before.