 'Mate! Sssh.'

'Why sssh? He's gonna wake up anyway.'

'Just sssh.'

Sammy's door slid slowly open, light from the hallway spilling across his sleeping face – relaxed and deeply asleep, his lips still somehow managed to pout invitingly. His sheets had slid down as he'd settled into sleep, bunching around his hips and leaving his trim, twink body on display, his chest slowly rising and falling as he slept.

'So how are we going to do this? What if he doesn't want it?'

'Fuck's sake, of course he's gonna want it. You heard Jack, the little cocksucker snarfed down that guy's jizz like it was a fucking snack. Sluts always want it, makes no difference whether it's a girl or –'

'Our best mate's little brother?'

'Any hole's a goal, mate. I'm just gonna put my dick by his mouth, see what happens – if he wakes up and freaks out we'll just tell him he's dreaming or something.'

'You're a fucking idiot.'

A tall, muscled silhouette slid into the room, blocking out the light from Sammy's face. In one practised movement, he slid his briefs down and off, giving a little grunt of satisfaction as a thick, veiny nine inches was released from confinement. Kicking his briefs to the side, he quietly approached the sleeping teen.

Biting his lip, he placed the fat, leaking head of his cock against those pouty lips.

Immediately, without hesitation, Sam's lips wrapped firmly around the head and his tongue flicked out, caressing the dripping bellend and slurping up a mouthful of pre. As Sam's eyes fluttered open, he only renewed his efforts, wide-eyed surprise being replaced within seconds by a glazed, blissful expression as his lips slid further down the thick, meaty shaft, a low gurgle of pleasure echoing in his throat.

'Who's the idiot now? You owe me a tenner, mate. Get over here and give this cocksucker what he needs.'

************************************************

What do you say to your little brother, driving him home after watching an older, athletic stud use his face like a Fleshlight and dump a thick, sticky load directly into his gullet – a load that your little brother slurped down hungrily like the sluttiest girls you've ever fucked? What do you say after watching your little brother, burbling cum as he tries to speak, sitting in a panting, glazed heap? What do you say after seeing your little brother, dressed in just his boxer shorts, dripping with a combination of what seems to be spit, precum and god knows what else?

Pretty much you say nothing, and just have an incredibly awkward car ride until you finally get home and your little brother sprints up the stairs and vanishes for the rest of the evening. Until, that is, your four best buddies in the world – the four guys you've fucked your way through uni with, who you've shared gangbangs, threesomes and all kinds of debauchery with – turn up laden with beers, reminding you that there was always a plan to hang out, a plan that you forgot about the second you saw your little brother gargling cum like a porn star.

'Sam's a what??' Danny lurched forwards in surprise, knocking his beer bottle off the table as he did so. At 6'4 tall and a similar size wide, Danny's muscled rugby build had smashed through the opposition on the pitch almost as often as it had smashed the girls of City University into whimpering, fucked-out wrecks. A beer bottle stood no chance.

Chris caught it without even looking and placed it back on the table, where Danny grabbed it for a swig without breaking his stride. Standing at 6 foot, with a lean, gymnast's build, Chris wasn't as physically imposing as Danny but any member of the group could attest, from the wailing, squealing messes he made of every woman he met, that Chris was just as capable of destroying a pussy as his bigger mate. Chris raised an eyebrow at Jack. 'You sure about that?'

'Am I sure? No. I guess when I walked in on some high school athlete holding Sammy by the hair and shouting "take my load you cocksucking little slut" and then blasting a fucking gallon down him, I might have misinterpreted the fucking situation.'

'He hurting Sammy?' Ryan asked with a frown. Ripped, shredded, cut – Ryan had a jawline made from granite and a body to match, with a physique that his friends frequently referred to as 'ridiculous'. Recently, Ryan had taken to not even bothering with pick-up lines. Any excuse to slide off his shirt, and five or ten minutes later the nearest bathroom would be occupied, door shaking, until Ryan would emerge, cocky grin on his face and a leaking, gasping girl left forgotten on the floor behind him. Fiercely protective, he'd once been talked down from driving some kid out into the middle of nowhere and scaring the shit out of him after he'd been mean to Sam.

'Nah, not hurting, it wasn't like that.' Jack sighed. 'Sam – he fucking loved it. Like, seriously loved it. His eyes were all rolling back while he swallowed the load and he looked so fucking happy – dude was trying to take his cock out and Sam was just slurping along the whole thing, cleaning it off and shit. No way he didn't want it. He's a full-on cocksucker.'

'Just to be clear Jack, is it a problem for you if Sammy's gay?' Kyle took a swig of his beer, eyes fixed on Jack – like the rest of the friends, Kyle had a soft spot for Sam and had always tried to make time for him. The lanky swimmer had even occasionally suspected that Sam was paying a little too much attention to him and the other guys – although Kyle's easy smile, toned body and infectious laugh could catch anyone's attention. It often did; the 'smiling assassin' drew girls in with a friendly grin, and then a few hours later left them with a similar grin, accessorised with a few sticky ropes.

'No of course not,' snapped Jack. 'He can be whatever he fucking wants to be, it's the 21st century fuck's sake. I just – I never thought he'd be the type of kid to go out laying pussy left right and centre but I never thought he'd – you know -'

'- be the pussy?' Kyle waggled his eyebrows over his beer and Danny choked on his beer.

Chris grinned. 'As long as he's happy, right?'

Ryan nodded. 'If Sammy likes dick so much, I say let's all just drink to Sammy getting all the dick his gay little body can handle. Right?'

Danny, Chris and Kyle clinked their bottles together, looking over at Jack expectantly. 

Jack gave a nod. 'Yeah, you're right. I'll talk to him in the morning, I think he was pretty shook up by me catching him.'

'I wonder how many dicks he's sucked,' Danny wondered as he tossed back what was left of his bottle before reaching for another one.

'Think he's been fucked?'

Danny and Chris crept up the stairs.

Ryan and Kyle were in what used to be Jack's room; after their parents had moved away Jack had taken the master suite and turned his room into a spare, with two single beds for friends. Danny and Chris had slept there last time; the rules stated they got the couch and a pile of pillows in the front room this time round.

Neither of them, if they thought about it, could remember at what point the decision had been made to climb the stairs and use their best friend's little brother to get off. They'd been talking, in the dark, and the conversation had at some point turned to sex; then it had turned to how horny they both were; at some point they'd both bemoaned the fact that they hadn't even taken the short walk into town to pick up some pussy; they'd both agreed that the evening would finish perfectly if there was some pussy in the house.

It was Danny who'd pointed it out. That there actually was some pussy in the house.

Chris, horny as fuck, eight and a half inches crushed inside his briefs, had agreed in seconds – but the further up the stairs he got, the more his brain started to interfere.

'I don't know if this is a good idea.'

'It fucking is. I fucking bet you it is.'

'You bet me? Alright dipshit, I bet you a tenner he slaps you in the balls.'

'Mate! Sssh.'

'Why sssh? He's gonna wake up anyway.'

'Just sssh.'

Sammy's door slid slowly open, light from the hallway spilling across his sleeping face – relaxed and deeply asleep, his lips still somehow managed to pout invitingly. His sheets had slid down as he'd settled into sleep, bunching around his hips and leaving his trim, twink body on display, his chest slowly rising and falling as he slept.

'So how are we going to do this? What if he doesn't want it?'

'Fuck's sake, of course he's gonna want it. You heard Jack, the little cocksucker snarfed down that guy's jizz like it was a fucking snack. Sluts always want it, makes no difference whether it's a girl or –'

'Our best mate's little brother?'

'Any hole's a goal, mate. I'm just gonna put my dick by his mouth, see what happens – if he wakes up and freaks out we'll just tell him he's dreaming or something.'

'You're a fucking idiot.'

Danny slid into the room, blocking out the light from Sammy's face. In one practised movement, he slid his briefs down and off, giving a little grunt of satisfaction as his thick, veiny nine inches was released from confinement. Kicking the briefs to the side, he quietly approached the sleeping teen.

Biting his lip, he placed the fat, leaking head of his cock against those pouty lips.

Immediately, without hesitation, Sam's lips wrapped firmly around the head and his tongue flicked out, caressing the dripping bellend and slurping up a mouthful of jizz. As Sam's eyes fluttered open, he only renewed his efforts, wide-eyed surprise being replaced within seconds by a glazed, blissful expression as his lips slid further down the thick, meaty shaft, a low gurgle of pleasure echoing in his throat.

'Who's the idiot now? You owe me a tenner, mate. Get over here and give this cocksucker what he needs.'

Chris watched as his friend's dick disappeared into the sleepy teen's pouty lips. It wasn't the first time he'd seen Danny – or any of his friends – get his dick sucked, not be a long shot, but it was most definitely the first time it had ever been a teenage male on the receiving end.

He slipped off his briefs, all eight and a half inches of his fat cock pointing into the centre of the room. He reached behind him and slid the door closed, the shaft of light illuminating Sam's face snapping into darkness – darker than Chris had actually expected.

As he approached the bed, there was a wet, slurping sound as Sam spat out the fat fuckstick stretching his mouth. 'W-wait!'

'Fuck,' growled Danny. Chris froze.

There was a click, and the lamp on Sammy's bedside table sprang into life, bathing the room in a gentle orange glow. The twink looked up at the two studs with a shy smile on his face. 'I just – I want to be able to see you.'

Danny grinned. 'Fuck yes. Want some dick, cocksucker?'

Sam nodded, sticking out his tongue with a pleading expression on his face.

'Fuuuuuck,' hissed Chris as Danny slapped his thick cockhead against Sammy's pouty lips. 'Mate – he genuinely fucking loves it.'

Danny grinned, pressing his dick against Sammy's lips until it broke through, painting the teen's tongue with a spurt of precum. He reached down and grabbed the kid's head in his big hands, driving his hips forward and watching as his fat pole slid into the gurgling bottom boy. 'Fucking told you mate. A slut's a slut.' He shuddered as Sam gave a little, whimpering moan, his lips fluttering along the huge cock stretching his mouth. 'And this one's fucking good man.'

Chris walked round to the other side of the bed, taking a seat on the unused left side, his back against the headboard. The position highlighted his gymnast-fit body, his abs crunching, big, leaking dick resting against them. 'Want another one, bitch?'

Chris had been sceptical about Jack's 'cocksucking little slut' comment, assuming he'd added it to his narrative to reinforce how shocking the whole thing had been. But judging by the sparkle in Sammy's eyes as he slid Danny's fat cock out of his mouth and swung round onto all fours, Sam was Chris' favourite kind of slut – one who knew what he was, and enjoyed it.

Sam, for his part, was in fucking heaven. After the most embarrassing experience of his life – sat in Jack's car, trying to find a way to explain why he'd been on his knees, eagerly gobbling cock, and instead settling for awkward silence – he'd spent the rest of the evening alternately pacing the room in panic and sitting on Grindr hoping for someone to pop up to take his mind off the event. The sound of his brother and his hung, muscle buddies downstairs hadn't helped; eventually, exhausted, he'd just slid into bed, hoping he'd wake up in the morning and the whole thing would be a dream.

Instead, he'd been woken by a thick cock pushing against his lips, and the taste of some truly delicious precum sliding along his tongue. Acting out of instinct, he'd wrapped his mouth round the thick piece; a voice in the back of his head yelling at him that this was stupid, he was going to get caught again – but a bigger voice, that made more sense to him, just pointed out that he loved dick, and one was being provided to him. Why fight it?

He leaned over, his tongue lapping up a pearl of sticky precum on the end of Chris' thick cock. He broke into a grin at Chris' guttural moan, wrapping his lips round the fat head; rewarded with a low growl from the stud above him and another spurt of precum, he slid his lips happily down the shaft.

Chris wrapped his hands in the teenager's hair, watching as those pillowy lips slid down his pulsing cock. 'Go for it, bitch – take that fucking cock.' He pressed down with his hands; there was a hot little popping noise as his dick breached the twink's throat, Sammy gave a little gurgle and then he was balls deep.

Chris could count on one hand the amount of times a girl had actually sucked him balls deep – and by that, he wasn't counting the time she'd taken the whole thing and then yanked herself off it, coughing and gagging and generally making a mess. This – holding his fat cock deep in a throat, balls pressing against someone's chin, feeling a set of throat muscles rippling up and down his shaft – this was the fucking shit.

'Fuck, is he deep-throating you? Fuck man give him to me a sec.' Danny slid onto the bed, taking up the space previously occupied by Sam, and reached over for the twink's head. Chris gripped the teen's hair tighter, pulling him up and off his fat cock before handing him to Danny, the muscled rugby stud eagerly grabbing Sammy's head and jamming it down on his huge dick.

Slightly thicker, slightly longer, Sammy gurgled louder as it broke into his throat, but Danny was insistent, pressing down hard as Sam's throat ballooned. As his body twitched, trying to figure out the invader, he inadvertently arched his back, the two fat globes of his bubble butt rising behind him. The two older studs looked down, past his distended lips and rolling eyes, along the curve of his back, right to the plump, perfect mounds. They both let out a low whistle of appreciation.

Chris reached over and grabbed hold of Sam's head again, bouncing him up and down Danny's cock a couple of times before dragging him up and off, the teen gasping in surprise as he was yanked across the bed and impaled again.

Danny gave Chris a few seconds of bouncing their best friend's brother up and down his cock, before he reached over and grabbed the kid back, pulling him back across the bed and planting his cock into that tight little throat.

It continued like this for a while; the two studs having a playful fight over who was in control of Sammy's head; sometimes one of them would grab it and use it as a fucktoy, bouncing it up and down their dick for a few minutes until the other one snatched him back; sometimes they'd use Sam's head to jerk each other off, gripping the kid's head and bouncing it up and down and watching their buddy's reaction.

Eventually, though, Danny couldn't take his eyes off Sammy's wiggling butt; the happy little cocksucker was having the time of his life as the two older studs passed his head back and forth. His lips were swollen, his hair was a mess, his chin was dripping with the now-familiar mix of spit and precum; he was being used, and he loved it.

Danny shoved Sam back towards Chris, who took advantage of the situation by sliding up onto his knees and dragging the hot little teen back onto his cock; Sam gave a choking gulp as Chris' new positon gave him more leverage to drive his cock into that tight little throat. As he did so, Danny slid down and placed himself between Sammy's legs; he leaned forward, grabbing one fat mound in each hand, spreading them open to reveal a pink, winking, hairless hole, impossibly tiny.

Chris watched, pounding his cock in and out of Sammy's throat, as Danny spread those fat cheeks and spat, Sammy making another gurgling moan as the thick spit hit his hole.

'Fuuuuuuck,' growled Danny, 'this pussy looks fucking tight, man.' He slapped his thick, dripping cockhead against the tiny little entrance; it didn't look possible, but the thought of breaking this little teen hole in half had his dick throbbing like he'd never felt. He gave Sam's ass a sudden, hard slap. 'Where's your lube, bitch?'

Sam tried to slide off Chris' cock to reply, but the gymnast's hands just tightened on his head, his fat cock slamming balls deep once again. 'No need to talk, cocksucker, I'm using your mouth. Pointing is fine.'

Chin resting against Chris' heavy balls, his throat ballooning, Sammy gave an obedient little nod, his left arm pointing towards the top drawer on Chris' side of the bed. Chris reached out, sliding the drawer open with one hand while the other one dragged the younger guy backwards and forwards along his cock. He grabbed the bottle of lube, not breaking his stride, and tossed it to Danny, before grabbing Sammy's head with both hands, fucking his skull with long, deliberate strokes.

Chris grinned at Danny as he deep-dicked the horny teenager. 'This was a fucking awesome idea.'

'I told you.' Danny grinned as he squirted lube onto Sammy's hole, sliding two fingers in and chuckling as Sammy gave a little yelp round a mouthful of thick cock. 'Jack said he was a little slut, and he was right – when was the last time we had a slut who loved dick this much?'

Chris shoved his huge dick back into Sammy's throat, grinning as the kid gurgled and slurped around it – not fighting, not pulling away, just wrapped round his cock, a hot little hole that loved being used. 'I don't think we ever have, mate.'

As Chris held his dick in Sammy's throat, Danny upped the speed of his fingerbang, slamming two fingers in and out of the teenager's lubed hole. Sammy groaned, arching his back further, presenting his tiny little hole to the muscled rugby stud.

'Fuck' growled Danny. 'Kid, I hope you can fucking stretch cuz I can't wait anymore, this pussy needs to be fucking broken.' He slapped his dick against the hole three, four times, listening to Sammy moan around Chris' cock, and then, one hand on Sammy's spine and one on the base of his cock, he punched the fat head of his huge cock into Sammy's hole.

The teenager wailed around the massive cock in his throat as his little hole was punched open; Chris, who had some experience of sharing with his buddies, distracted him by picking up the pace, skull-fucking him hard as Danny swore repeatedly.

'Fuck fuck fuck' he groaned, his hips sinking forwards as his big dick sliced into the helpless little teen; the tiny hole stretched impossibly wide around Danny's fat cock. He looked down, remembering the tiny little hole he'd just spat into, marvelling at how wide it had stretched; the thought of Sam's hot little body, breaking underneath him, pumped blood into his groin and he growled as more and more of his cock slid into the hot, tight little passage.

