 The jock responded by pulling his whole length out of Sammy's mouth and slamming it straight back home, forcing a gurgling hack from the teen and coating his balls with a layer of spit and precum as they rested on Sammy's chin.

The kid's hands reached up and grabbed his thighs, and he suddenly felt the difference between this and the dozens of female throats he'd fucked.

Before, hands hitting his thighs were a warning signal - she couldn't breathe or her throat hurt or some bullshit. It was her pushing him away, trying to make him stop.

Sammy wasn't stopping him. His hands were gripping. He was bracing himself.

He patted the kid's head, not able to see how Sammy's cheeks flushed with pride at the validation. And then he gripped the little cumdump tighter and started to fuck.

***

Sammy leaned against the wall, closing his eyes and letting loose a long, deep exhalation.

What the fuck was happening?

Yesterday had been normal. Life had been normal. Everything been exactly the same as pretty much every single day of his life up until that point.

Until Luke had used him like his own personal cumdump. Until Luke had blasted his thick, jock load right down Sammy's willing throat while Jack watched his little brother gulp down a creamy load. Until Danny and Chris had heard about what happened and decided to use him to get off before settling down to sleep.

Three loads in one day. Sam couldn't help but give a slutty little grin at the thought of three hot jock loads mixing inside him. The animal part of his bran was fighting with the rational for dominance, pushing aside his worries and reminding that him that he loved being skewered on cock, so why not just embrace it?

He wondered briefly what it would be like the next time he saw Danny and Chris. What if he went back to bed before they woke up? What if they left before he saw them? Would things be the same after they'd used him like one of their party sluts?

What about Jack?

Sam's eyes flew open. Fuck, what about Jack. Not only had he witnessed his brother gulping down a load of jizz like a whore, he'd then managed to walk in on two of his best friends pounding the tight little teen with abandon. What was he going to say?

Sammy padded down the corridor to his brother's room, reminding himself that Jack had given permission for his friends to cum in him last night. That he'd at least seemed to accept that that was what Sammy wanted.

Jack's bed was empty, and hadn't been slept in.

Sam stalked down the hallway, wondering where his brother could be. He hadn't seemed angry as such at the sight of his little brother spitroasted on two of his best friends, but . . . why would he leave without saying anything? Where would he go?

Sam was so fixated on thoughts of his brother that he managed to get into the bathroom and close and lock the door behind him before he realised that someone else was in there.

Ryan, his big brother's most shredded friend, turned round with a surprised expression on his face. One hand in the process of pulling his boxers up. The other grasping a long, thick piece of cockmeat, seconds away from stuffing it back in his shorts.

Sam's eyes fixated on the fat piece of flesh Ryan's single hand did a laughable job of hiding. His jaw physically dropped. He felt his asshole twitch, the memory of yesterday's loads gurgling inside his brain.

"Sammy? You OK there?" It's true that you can hear a grin in the way someone speaks. Ryan's words were coloured with a cocky, knowing grin. The grin of someone who knows that his best friend's little brother has a propensity for gagging on dick. Sammy noted all this, but couldn't quite drag his eyes away from the spectacle in front of him.

"Hey. Up here." Ryan shook his dick, causing Sammy's concentration to break. He slid his gaze up Ryan's body, along the shredded eight-pack, the thick, masculine slabs of his chest, the broad shoulders. He made eye contact with the grinning, patient Adonis. He was suddenly very aware he was drooling.

"Take a picture, it'll last -" Ryan's eyes narrowed. "What the fuck, kid - did you get fucked last night??"

"W-what . . . I don't . . . you . . ." Sammy's mouth wasn't working properly. Ryan was too damn hot for his brain to put words in the right order, and he had the faint suspicion he hadn't quite woken up yet. "I . . . yeah." He bit his lip. "How did you know?"

Ryan looked him over. A tiny pair of boxer briefs clinging to the kid's hips, not hiding the faint outline of finger marks from a pair of big hands gripping a tiny waist. Tired, glazed eyes. Lips that were pouty at the best of times, but this morning were an extra vibrant red; swollen and a little bruised, like they'd been used to wrap round something hard and relentless. Hair matted and sticking in about five different directions, clumped together with what looked like a combination of spit and cum. A thick streak of dried cum stretching from his temple along his cheekbone.

"Just a guess," he shrugged. "But I didn't hear you go out - wait. Fucking wait. You didn't go anywhere, did you? Fucking animals. Danny or Chris?"

"They didn't make me, I wanted it," blurted Sam, eyes wide and pleading. "I -"

"Both of them? Jesus. And you're awake before them? You must be one pretty talented little bitch boy, Sammy."

"I - uh, I . . ." Sam realised, without knowing really when it had happened, that his back was against the wall. Ryan was right in front of him, huge cock still exposed. Ryan's arms were on either side of his head. "B-bitch boy . . ."

"Yes you are," Ryan grinned. "Jack said you were pretty slutty, but I got to say - I thought maybe he was exaggerating. But let me tell ya, Sammy, not a lot of sluts get banged by two of us and manage to get up before noon. I'm impressed."

"Thanks -" Ryan's finger pressed against Sammy's lips, the older stud grinning as the teen instinctively kissed it.

"Ssh Sammy. I got a feeling your mouth is good for something much more fun than talking."

A hand on his head. Gentle pressure, and then Sam was on his knees, watching in awe as Ryan's fat cock plumped up in front of him, the ripped jock sliding off his boxers as the fat head of his cock bumped against Sam's face.

"I gotta get off, Sammy, and I need a cocksucker to help me out. Any ideas?"

Sam looked up fro, his position on the floor. As their eyes made contact, Ryan hefted his almost-fully hard cock and laid it across the teenager's pretty face, the fat, turgid meat almost bigger than the kid's head.

"I'm - I'm a cocksucker," Sammy moaned as the fat meat twitched against him, precum leaking into his already-matted hair.

"Sorry, what was that?"

"I said I'm - I am a cocksucker," Sammy said with emphasis, looking round the huge meat resting on his face at the cocky, grinning stud above him. "I'll suck your cock. I want - ggllllrphhh!!"

Who can resist a horny teenager, on his knees, begging for dick? Ryan certainly couldn't. Halfway through Sammy's last sentence he growled and pulled his hips back before slamming his thick, hard fuckstick into Sammy's open mouth, the kid's gagging gulp as he did so just making him harder.

"Oh FUCK," he snarled as Sam's head hit the wall, Ryan's two hands gripping the little cocksucker by the hair and holding him in place as he forced another few inches in.

Sammy moaned. He'd been out of bed for less than ten minutes and he was already skewered on another fat cock.

He fucking loved his life.

With a "gglcck" and a popping noise his throat had been breached, the thick meat pushing deeper. His throat muscles stretched around the intruder, sensing that Ryan was not fucking around as inch after inch of fat meat forced its way into the gurgling, gagging teen. 

Ryan leaned his head against the wall, looking down at the head captured in his two big hands, only an inch or so of his dick still visible. With a long, low groan he slid his hips forwards, that last inch sliding into the younger teen's gullet.

Ryan planted his legs on either side of the crumpled little slut, feeling air on his crotch as Sammy breathed through his nose, like a fucking pro.

"I really fucking need this, Sammy. I hope you're the cocksucker Jack made it sound like you are, because I'm ready to fucking go."

"Gggglsh ggkay. I wggglck glck. Flccck gly ggloackkkk." Ryan had no fucking clue what the little slut was trying to say but the words felt fucking fantastic on his cock; Sammy sensed this and raised two thumbs up over his head.

It was the most fucking adorable thing Ryan had ever seen.

He responded by pulling his whole length out of Sammy's mouth and slamming it straight back home, forcing a gurgling hack from the teen and coating his balls with a layer of spit and precum as they rested on Sammy's chin.

The kid's hands reached up and grabbed his thighs, and Ryan suddenly felt the difference between this and the dozens of female throats he'd fucked.

Before, hands hitting his thighs were a warning signal - she couldn't breathe or her throat hurt or some bullshit. It was her pushing him away, trying to make him stop.

Sammy wasn't stopping him. His hands were gripping. He was bracing himself.

Ryan patted the kid's head, not able to see how Sammy's cheeks flushed with pride at the validation. And then he gripped the little cumdump tighter and started to fuck.

Sammy's eyes rolled as his throat was used like a Fleshlight. This was the fourth big cock he'd deep-throated in the last 24 hours, but his throat still wasn't used to being used like a pussy; his eyes watered as Ryan jack-hammered into him. He could physically feel his throat expanding and contracting as that big cock stretched him out.

He was about as happy as he'd ever been.

"This . . . ain't gonna . . . be a long one," snarled Ryan. "I need to cum . . . so fucking bad. But you're . . . definitely . . . getting this dick . . . again, you hot fucking slut."

Sammy moaned, gratitude radiating from his crumpled little form.

"Fuck," snapped Ryan, his hips a blur as he pounded the perfect, warm, wet mouth he'd been offered. "Fuck I'm gonna cum soon you little bitch - you fucking want it?"

"Gggleshhggg gllllg gllcccck," Sammy gurgled, his eyes rolling in his head as his nose bounced off Ryan's rock-hard abs.

"Fucking take it then you little cumdump slut!"

Ryan slammed forward, his balls crushed against Sammy's chin, the teen's head pressed into the wall. Ryan's grip tightened as his dick expanded, cum bubbling in his balls, both of them frozen as Ryan hovered on the brink; Sammy's eyes bulged as the dick thickened impossibly further, straining his throat to breaking point . . .

And then with a strangled yell, Ryan came, his dick jerking in the depths of Sammy's throat as jet after jet of thick, viscous cum blasted directly into the slutty little teen's stomach. Sammy gulped, swallowed and gurgled as he was filled with thick jock jizz, his body trembling as it was yet again used as a cumdump.

Ryan stepped back, his meaty cock flopping out of Sam's mouth with a gurgling slurp. He looked down at the dazed teen; glazed, unfocused eyes, lips that looked even more swollen, cum dribbling down his chin.

"Uh - are you -"

"Thank you", said Sammy, his eyes focusing on the god in front of him. "Thank you for your cum. Thank you so much."

Ryan grinned. "Any time." He took a step forward, slapped Sammy in the face with his softening cock, then unlocked the bathroom door and sauntered down the corridor, whistling.

Sammy hiccupped, and a bubble of cum popped on his lips.

*****

What can I say? I'm sorry it's taken so long for this instalment to get to you guys but life has been kind of hectic over the last few months.

I honestly wasn't sure whether I'd ever get back to this story - but you guys have been emailing me literally like once a week asking about it so I figured I owed ya. Hopefully there won't be such a long gap this time!

As ever - feedback is a gift.

NEXT: HOW LONG BEFORE SAMMY GETS USED AGAIN? FIVE MINUTES? TEN?