 I watched as the man in the next booth ran his fingers up and down his growing shaft. He must enjoy teasing himself. He wrapped his hand around his now stiff cock and slowly moved it up and down.

Up and down.

I felt my own cock hardening in my jeans as I watched him. I started to bulge, wanting to be released.

I moved closer to the glory hole and pushed my groin into the palm of my hand. I let out a small sigh at the friction.

The man's hand was now pumping harder -- the result of the porn that was playing in his booth. 

I turned to watch my own video -- man on man. The younger of the two was about to have his ass penetrated for the first time. I let out a grunt as I watched the older male rest his swollen head at the guy's entrance, before pushing -- hard -- into the younger man. I moaned out as he penetrated him and I quickly released my now throbbing penis.

I turned back to the glory hole and gasped quietly as my next door neighbour pushed his hard shaft in and out of the hole.

My brain began to work overtime. I'd never sucked a cock before. I'd never got this close. My curiosity brought me in here, but I'd never let it get to this.

I eyed his dick up, taking in the length and his width, the shape of his swollen head. I stopped thinking and opened my mouth.

As he pushed his cock through the hole once more, my lips wrapped around him and I sucked. I heard him groan and felt him push further through. I moved closer to the hole, taking more of him in my mouth.

I rolled my tongue around him, up and down his shaft and over his head. My own cock started to throb harder so I grabbed it with my right hand and began wanking myself off. I pushed my head further towards the hole, taking as much of his delicious manhood as I could. My lips wrapped around him, I sucked harder and harder until he shot his load straight into my mouth. 

I tightened my grip around my own cock and moaned loudly as I swallowed his cum and licked up and down his softening shaft.

He withdrew his cock from the hole far too quickly for my liking. I pushed my own through the hole and rammed myself against the wall. In and out I moved -- wanting him to finish me off.

I heard him chuckle and then the tip of my cock made contact with him. I pushed harder and harder, wanting more. I needed contact.

He pulled away and I heard him sucking something, or spitting. I wasn't sure. Before I could figure it out, my cock made contact again and I grunted as I forced myself again the wall. 

His hand wrapped around my cock and he guided me between his ass cheeks! This wasn't something I was expecting. With my cock throbbing, I didn't give it a second thought, and as he guided me to his ass hole, I pushed further up against the wall and felt an immense wave of pleasure as my cock penetrated his hole.

"Fuck," I whispered.

He moved backwards slowly, pushing himself onto me. Pushing my cock further into his ass with his backward movements. I gasped purely from the thought of it. This is the first ass I've fucked ... and I'm loving it.

I pulled backwards as he moved backwards and then immediately shoved myself back in. he grunted loudly and stopped moving. I pulled backwards again -- slower than before, enjoying the feeling. Then I pushed forward again, as far as I could possibly go. I placed both my hands against the wall, using it to steady myself and I began to move in and out slowly. I could tell that his ass wasn't pushed all the way back on to his wall, and this is what I wanted. He's my first ass fuck, so he's not going to be allowed to deny me all of his glorious backside.

I eased myself out slowly, until only the tip of my cock was left in, then I stopped. And I waited. He eased backwards slowly, wanting more of me inside him. I let him do this, further and further until I was half way in, then I pulled back out again slowly, and waited once more.

Again, the eased himself backwards and this time, once half of me was in, I knew he was as close as he could get, because I'd only had half of my cock through the wall.

I smiled to myself and with one big shove, I forced the whole of my erect member into his ass. He grunted loudly but I didn't stop. I pulled and pushed my cock in and out in a ferocious manner. i slammed my cock as far as I could into him over and over again until I heard him panting. My cock was about ready to explode.

With one last push, I pushed myself right up to the wall and exploded my cum into his anal passage. Grunting as my cock throbbed inside his ass. 

I relaxed and sighed as a wave of pleasure ran through me. I thrust my groin forward a few times, relishing the pleasure while I could. Then eventually, I pulled myself out, zipped up my jeans and walked out the booth feeling exceptionally satisfied for once.