 I like to go to the sauna/hot tub in our housing complex. I prefer to go later in the evening; by then all the day-timers have left. Last night I went to the sauna. During the day, I keep my shorts on in the sauna but, alone at night; I like to sit there naked. I take my shorts off and sit on my towel. If I hear anyone coming in, I can quickly wrap my towel around me.

I was sitting there idly stroking my cock; I was not yet rubbing it in earnest. I was just enjoying making it hard. I love to build anticipation in sex. I was remembering a previous time when I had sat here. On that occasion, when I got there, a couple was already cooking nicely. He was wearing swimming shorts and she had on a cute floral bikini. Since it was earlier in the day and they were there, I kept my shorts on but I decided to just sit on my towel. 

However, my white shorts have suffered from too much exposure to chlorine in the pool. While I am walking down to the sauna, I look fine. If I met anyone I knew I would appear to be completely normal but when my shorts get wet they would go transparent. To visit the hot tub I wear brightly colored girls panties underneath. I know they will show after I get wet in the hot tub and I love it.

For the sauna, I find tight bikini panties are too restricting and so I just wear the shorts. Upon entering the sauna, I nodded to the couple, sat opposite them and leaned back. I knew what was going to happen and it made me very excited. As I started to sweat my shorts started to become see-through. Slowly they stuck to me and became more and more transparent. My cock was semi-erect and knowing it was showing only made me more excited. 

I know they could quite easily see the outline of my cock and I hoped my pubic hair could be seen too. I imagined them giggling together about what they had seen. "Did you see his cock, he was hard." Thinking about their conversation only made me harder. There is no way they did not notice. 

When I got up to sprinkle some water on the charcoal, they got a really good view. My cock was clearly erect covered in thin white cotton that was sticking to it. When I turned around to sit back down, I know the material was sticking to my butt. Nothing happened that time but I did enjoy showing off to them.

This time, I was so lost in thought I did not hear the sound of someone coming in. Suddenly, the door opened and a couple of young guys walked in. My shorts were on the bench beside me and so all I could do was to quickly fumble with my towel and wrap it around me. I stammered, "Hello." They smiled and seemed not to have noticed what I had been doing. They unwrapped their towels, spreading them on the bench opposite me. I was surprised that they did not mind sitting there naked in front of me. I could see their cocks were semi-hard and pointing in my direction.

Their cocks were smooth and looked so sexy; my cock throbbed inside my towel. One of them smiled and said, "Why don't you get comfortable like us, we're all men in here tonight, we know what you were doing when we came in and don't mind at all." Shaking, I unwrapped my towel and spread it out. My cock stood up fully erect. I loved being looked at. I was embarrassed but excited at the same time. These two young men were looking at my erection. 

The other guy said that I could continue with what I was doing when they came in, if I wanted, they did not mind at all. In fact they would enjoy watching me masturbate.

I let my fingers stroke my cock again. They smiled at each other. I noticed that they were sitting rather close together; their thighs must have been touching. I expected them to start doing what I was doing but I was surprised when they did but to each other. They sat there opposite me, stimulating each others' cock. Their cocks caught up with mine pretty fast. Their cocks quickly became as hard and I loved watching them.

Suddenly, one of them said, "Why don't you come over and sit on this side?" Shaking but excited, I got up and moved in-between them. They moved apart and I squeezed in beside them. I could feel their thighs pressed against mine. We started to play hand games, I touched each of them and they played with me.

After a bit more stroking and touching I could not resist going further. I leaned forward and kissed the tip of the cock on my left. I had to suck it. I know how to suck a cock since I know what I like. I did to them what I like being done to me. 

My lips slowly took his cock's head into my mouth. I cupped his balls with one hand and wrapped my other hand around the base of his cock. I slowly took more and more into my mouth. I went up and down on it while gripping its base. I took my mouth away and ran my fingertips up and down the inside edge of his shaft. I looked into his eyes, licked my lips and smiled. 

His friend was watching my every move. He was casually rubbing his own cock. I love being watched when I give head.

There's a really sensitive spot right under the balls. I gently touched it with a fingertip. The skin there is very sensitive. I heard him groan and he leaned back. I loved having this man's cock deep into my mouth while his friend watched. I kept bobbing up-and-down and he came fairly quickly. I rolled his cum around in my mouth to get the full taste before I swallowed it.

Then, I did the same to the guy on my right. He must have been anticipating what I was going to do to him because he came very quickly. 

I now had taken two mouthfuls of cum. 

One of them then bent down and took me into his mouth. I must have cum in 30 seconds; this was all too much. He then leaned across me and gave his friend a big French kiss right in front of me. I could see them exchanging my cum. 

We all sat back and let our hearts slow back down. Our cocks were limp but still on show. By now I was so hot I had to get some fresh air. I gave them both a kiss and said "We must do this again soon, I often come here at this time." I put my shorts back on and left. I will keep looking for them in the future.