 It was a hot summer afternoon, a Saturday in the Sydney suburb of Double Bay. I had to get some errands done, including doing my laundry at the local Laundromat, a half block away. With a basket full of dirty clothes, and wearing only a pair of running shorts and flip flops, I strode out of my apartment on Cross Street. As I neared the Laundromat I passed a sidewalk café, and spotted a cute gay guy sitting at a table alone. He damned near dropped his coffee when he spotted me, and I was flattered to be noticed like that.

I was 27 years old and extremely fit. I'd been working as a construction laborer for 2 years, mostly working with a shovel...hard manual labor. I was lean, tan and fit.

Sydney is a very gay town, and you never know when you might stumble on an opportunity for gay sex. I'd had enough gay experience to know that I liked it a lot. I wasn't ever going to give up screwing women, but guys were so much easier to find, and a gay hook up was a lot less complicated. Mostly I did one night stands, just quick fuck and go experiences. And this seemed like a perfect opportunity for a quickie. 

After I dropped my laundry in the machine I went back out to the café, sat down at the table with the gay guy and asked him quietly but bluntly "How do you feel about sex in the afternoon?" He was speechless, so I got bolder. I grabbed my crotch discreetly, so that he could see plainly but no one else could. As I whipped my cock out I asked "Do you like what you see? I've got a few hours to kill...would you like to join me? I live just a half block away." 

He said yes, left a few dollars on the table, and we walked towards my apartment. He was smaller than me, about 5'8", with a slim build and delicate features...just my type. He was slim and fit, nearly hairless except some on his chest. We exchanged small talk and played grab ass as we walked. We flirted and teased a bit. When we reached a corner that was mostly obscured from public view I stopped, grabbed his hand and thrust it down my shorts, where my cock was hardening quickly. At the same time I grabbed his ass and pulled him close. Just a quick tease to let him know what was to come. The mood was definitely fun, flirty, horny, and very impatient.

We got to my apartment, unlocked the door and went to my room immediately. As soon as I locked the door I dropped my pants and kicked off my sandals. I stood there completely naked in front of my new friend, with my hard cock pointing straight to his face. I reached to him for a hug and a kiss, pulling him close as he grabbed my cock. We both fumbled with his clothes, each of us eager to get them off as quickly as possible. Soon he was as naked as I was and we lay down on the bed. I kissed him for a few minutes while stroking his cock, but I really wanted that cock in my mouth, and he wanted mine. 

. We changed positions to access our cocks and started sucking each other. I thought I was in heaven...his thick hard meat was larger than I would have thought, long and thick, and it filled my mouth as I sucked him as deep as I could. He was working magic on my cock at the same time. He was an expert, and clearly loved what he was doing. I tried to reciprocate as well as I could, as I sucked him deeply down my throat. I was loving every second of this, as I grabbed his hard ass towards my face so I could suck him deeper. I toyed with the soft tip of his hard cock, then sucked deep on his shaft. We got into a rhythm and we both got hotter, more excited and close to cumming. I'd never been hotter in my life...having a hard cock sliding in and out of my mouth while mine was being sucked was an unbelievable experience. We came together...he convulsed in my mouth, his cock thrust so deep as he squirt his hot load of cum down my throat. I came too, my stomach muscles almost cramping as I jammed my cock as deep as I could down his throat. I convulsed over and over, my cock hurt from cumming so hard, and I was shuddering uncontrollably.

As we both calmed down we moved around to hold and hug each other. His kissed me lightly and said I was a great lover. I kissed him back and said I wanted him to stay and spend the afternoon together, because I wanted to fuck him. He buried his face in my neck and nuzzled me, saying he'd like that, and he wanted to fuck me too. We laid there together in a warm gentle embrace, holding our sweaty bodies together, our cocks rubbing and slowly getting hard again. 

I decided I wanted to give him a massage, so I could enjoy his body completely, and as a way to please him, and relax him for the fucking to come. I got some oils out, and straddled his ass as I spread it on his back. My cock was wedged between his ass cheeks, and I was getting harder as I spread the oil on his back and his ass. He let out a moan, letting me know he was enjoying the massage. I continued rubbing him down, paying special attention to his ass, making sure to get the oil in his crack and anus. At this point he rolled over and pulled me to him while spreading his legs and moving around to give me full access to his ass. He gently led my throbbing hard cock to his hole and I started to slowly drive into him. He encouraged me by wrapping his legs around my waist and pulling me close, and deeper into his ass. He was so warm and tight I had to work hard to fully bury my erection in him. Then he gripped me tighter with his ass cheek, every time I started to pull out. His ass was so small and tight it was like no woman I'd ever screwed. I had to slow down or I knew I would blow my load in a moment, too soon. Screwing him face to face, with my hands on his ass, I started to kiss him, and thrust more slowly in and out of his tight ass. He kissed me back, and timed his thrusts to meet and match mine. We were a sticky sweaty couple, and I could feel his impressive cock between us as we moved together. 

He knew exactly how to get me worked up. He nibbled on my ear lobe, blew in my ear while clenching his ass around my cock. His ass was so tight that when he clenched like that I couldn't move my cock in him, it was like he owned me and controlled the fucking. But I wanted to drive in him as deep as I could. Then he would tease, loosening as I drove into him, letting me have all the depth I wanted. He knew exactly what a man wanted to feel and have. This went on for what seemed like hours. We moved together as one sweaty, oily horny man, fully enjoying each other as only two men can. Eventually he worked me up to a new height, teasing and playing me like no other lover I'd ever had. He brought me to the brink of cumming several times before he would back off. But finally I couldn't stand anymore...I drove into him a so deep I thought I would split him, and I came so hard I nearly blacked out in his arms. 

I rolled off him, while still holding him by my side as I caught my breath. He leaned over me and I could feel his hard cock pressed against my side. He kissed me and asked if I'd liked that, fucking the way we did. I pulled him close, kissed him and said he was the best ever, and that I wanted him to fuck me. He rolled on top of me and probed my ass with his cock. I spread my legs to welcome him as much as I could, but it hurt when he tried to enter me. He sensed this and slowed down, probing more gently, making small moves as we waited for my ass to accept his large tool. We concentrated on kissing as he continued to press into my tight ass. He told me how attractive I was as we kissed, how he was so happy I'd approached him earlier at the café. I told him he was the best fuck I'd ever had, and I wanted him deep inside me, as I slowly thrust and opened to get more of his meat in me. It didn't take long for him to work is cock deep into me. We moved together, fully enjoying each thrust. I clenched him as he pulled back, and I could tell he loved that. We rocked together slowly, and kissed as we fucked. It felt so good to be filled with his manhood deeply, slowly, over and over. As I clenched him I was trying to milk his cock all I could. A slow outward stroke, while I clamped him as tight as I could...sometimes teasing him with a kiss as tried to pull away for the next thrust...it was like a dreamy sexual heaven...all male, 100% about the cocks that we both had, both loved, both wanted more of each other's. My cock felt like it was going to burst, it was so hard. I could feel it press against his belly as he fucked me hard, deep and faster. I had my legs wrapped around him, I was hugging him close to me. I could feel him breathing heavily on top of me as he humped wildly. I kissed his lips, his ears, his forehead as he seemed to get more aroused. Finally he started to cry out my name "..oh Jay, Jay Oh OHH and he pumped his seed deep in my welcoming ass. I humped to meet his thrusts, our timing was as one sexual horny unit. I sucked his tongue as he released in me, we climaxed together, my ass and his hard cock working together. Clench and hump and stroke and kiss and hump some more was our entire world, and it felt like it went on for eons... 

Some time later I woke to find this beautiful naked young man in my arms. He was sleeping until I kissed him. We held each other silently, caressed our naked bodies and kissed gently. Before long we got up and showered together. I lovingly washed his cock, his ass and his balls, and he washed mine with extreme care. We got dressed, exchanged phone numbers, and I went back to get my laundry.

We've seen each other at least twice a week since our first encounter. We each have other lovers, but our sex together has gotten better each time. He is the best lover I've ever had, but we don't own or limit each other. We fully enjoy each other's cocks and asses when we're together, and that's everything we need from each other. It's a perfect relationship.