 "Oh Mr Hitchins, I want to suck your big cock." I said, rolling around under my sheets, oblivious to the cold world outside. My hand caressed my own hard cock through the satiny sheets covering my body. Each time bringing myself to the point of release, then stopping, the thrill of coming so close, driving me on.

"And who is Mr Hitchins I wonder?" The deep, rumbling voice broke my reverie and my eyes shot open. Trying to adjust to the light, I could just make out a dark blue blur standing at the foot of my bed.

"Does he know how much you'd like to 'suck his cock'." The deep voice boomed at me once again with a slight chuckle of mockery. 

"Wh-who...?" Rubbing my eyes in disbelief, the embarrassment yet to dawn on me, "Who...Why are you in my room?" I said as the dark blue mass in front of me started to come into focus. I craned my neck to look up at the large figure of a man in a satellite-repair company uniform. He was blocking most of the early morning sun, his arms crossed and his sneering grin, clear to see. My mind began to clear, as I remembered my parents calling the company earlier that week, but still, why was he now in my bedroom? Moreover, he'd heard what I said, and the embarrassment that escaped me earlier, was sinking in. A sickening sensation coursed through me, dampening the hardness beneath my sheets.

"Oh, don't mind me, you carry on, I don't mind watching while you finish what you were doing." He said as he hooked a thumb into his waistband looking me up and down. I couldn't help but follow his movement, thinking my eyes were still adjusting to the light, I could have sworn I saw something twitch in his pants. Either way, there was something in his demonstrative leer that sent chills down my spine.

"I knew you'd like an audience," he chuckled as I tried to hide my reaction. Giving his belt a heave upwards, my eye was drawn to a noticeable lump contained within. "So, who is this 'Mr Hitchins' you seem so eager to please?"

"Could you please just give me some privacy, so I can get dressed!" I demanded, trying my best to take control of the situation.

"Oh yeah sure, I'm sorry. What was I thinking? I tell you what, I'll tell your folks that you're in here stroking yourself thinking about this, Mr Hitchins, and that I'll finish up later. Sorry again for disturbing you." He turned to leave, but, as his words reverberated in my ears, the full extent of how screwed I was dawned on me.

"Um, No, W-wait." I stuttered. "He's my English teacher," I could feel my cheeks flush with colour, "and no, he doesn't know." With a broad smile the large overall-clad man turned to face me once again, my eyes instinctively glanced at his crotch, I found myself strangely glad to see the evident lump still in place. 

"So, you like sucking cock, do you?" He asked leaning against the wall and pushing his bulge towards me, causing me to look again.

"N...no Sir, I'm...not gay." I stammered feeling the embarrassment wash over me again.

"WHAT?" He bellowed, "lying here fondling your little pecker, begging for your teacher's 'big cock', and you're trying to tell me, you're not gay? Pull the other one it's got bells on Son." Letting out another derisive chuckle.

"I-I've wanted to."

"Since when? Tell me. Don't be shy." He said, his demeanour calming somewhat.

"Since the gym showers. I saw him last month after a charity run we had in college. Ever since I saw it I imagine...well you know." I couldn't bring myself to say it. Yes, it was true ever since seeing Mr Hitchins under the warm spray of the shower, soaping up that large tube of flesh, I couldn't stop thinking about it. I had seen many in the gym showers before and never paid them much attention. But watching his hands slide up and down his shaft. Seeing the flaccid stalk flop down, only to be snapped back into his fist on every stroke, was something I couldn't get out of my head. And yes, ever since, I'd dreamt of what it would be like to please that thick cock. I never considered myself gay...curious maybe but not gay...could this massive intruder be right?

As if reading my extremely nervous mind he calmly said, "So you don't understand why, but you really want to suck this guy's hard cock. Is that about the size of it?" I glanced up at him and nodded, finally feeling a little relieved to be admitting it to someone. "Maybe it's any cock? Do you think about anyone else?" he added smiling at me once again as he waited for my response.

I considered his question for a moment, not the consequences to which they may lead, just the words. I looked up at him, and without saying a word, nodded my head once more. 

"Ok, so you often think of..." He breathed deeply, the sound of a zipper being tugged, filled the silence. I dropped my eyes from his, to watch a large meaty paw drawing the zipper of his pants down, and down further. I gulped as I saw his hand disappear inside the opening. "Things like this?" I couldn't stop my jaw from falling open, as he pulled out a thick swollen cock from beneath his overalls. I glanced up at his face then back to his cock in disbelief. My own cock throbbed with this amazing sight before me. "Why don't you scooch on over here and show me what you were imagining doing when I interrupted you?"

Again, I glanced from his cock to his face and back down. "I...I...I can't...I mean..." My mind was reeling as I watched him slowly stroke his cock in my direction. "No... No, I won't, I can't!" I intension was strong, but my voice was weak. 

"Aww, it's sweet but you can't back out now!" He mocked. Reaching forward I felt his big strong hands take hold of my ankles, with one swift tug he pulled me to the edge of the bed causing me to land on the flat of my back. I sat upright as quickly as I could, which thinking back might not have been the best idea. Moments after I had done so, before I could voice my disapproval of what he had just done I realised I was mere inches from his majestic cock. I almost went cross-eyed staring down the length of his shaft. He stepped a little closer. Moving one leg, then the other, either side of my own. I was in a trance. I did so want to know the feel of a cock, to suck one into my mouth. To do all those things I'd read about, but not now, not with this brute. He hadn't raised his voice and wasn't really forcing me, but he still made me feel helpless as his cock bobbed and swayed so close.

"Ok, so let me ask you one more time. Why don't you show me what you were imagining doing when I interrupted you?" I craned my neck to look at him as he spoke, feeling the heat irradiating from his groin. I caught his hand moving up and down his cock from the corner of my eye, and I knew right there, this was going to happen; it was just a matter of time. "Open up." Two simple words, that appeared to carry some magical power, because they made my cock throb, and my mouth fall open all on their own. Like a doll, absent of free will, I felt the first touch of another man's cock on my soft lips.

All I could do was stare up at him as I felt the tip of his cock rub across my lip. Without thinking, my tongue flicked over my dry lips, much like the urge to lick the sugar when eating a doughnut; I just did it.

"Ohhh that's it boy, lick the tip, just like that...stick your tongue out again." Without hesitation I complied, and I was soon rewarded with a thick cockhead resting squarely on my slathering tongue. He pushed forward, and his large cock nudged my lips. "Now just open up a little more, let me get this inside and watch your damn teeth." He scowled through a half-smile-half-lusty grimace. His hand quickly found my hair and angled my head down. For the first time I was staring at the shaft of a thick cock, watching as it disappeared into my mouth. And as it did so I was greeted with a deep grunt of appreciation.

"Mmmm boy that's one tight fit! You're going to need to widen those cheeks if you expect to take the rest of me." He said as he slowly pulled the inch of cock, I had successfully taken, free from my mouth. I licked my lips and rolled my cheeks as I suddenly felt empty again I couldn't help but smile. "Oh-ho so, somebody liked their first taste of cock, would he like more?"

"Umm, yes please." I said nervously, filled with a new-found confidence for all things dirty and kinky. Looking straight at his large, thick member I opened my mouth wide and sat there as if waiting to be fed.

His large hand, still on the back of my head, guided me forward and he slid his hot cock back into my mouth, this time not stopping at an inch. This was when I made one of my most profound personal discoveries; I had no gag reflex. At first, I didn't think anything of it, then, two, three, five and six inches disappeared. I felt my mouth watering uncontrollably. I tried my best to keep from drooling, but my mouth was so wide open I couldn't, and I started making obscene slurping noises trying to keep up. Then my throat and mouth started to contract as I felt his large head fully overtake my throat. I coughed on the impressive flesh, but he still had an inch or two to go. I was suddenly extremely turned on, having such an imposing man own my young mouth was incredible. 

"Oh fuck! you take it like a pro!" he said, slowly see-sawing his cock into my mouth.

"Mmmmhmm mmmmmm!" Was all I could say in reply as he once again hit the back of my throat. 

The drool was falling from my lips and his cock was shiny from the coating he was getting. He didn't seem to care, if anything the louder I slurped, and the messier it got, just spurred him on even more. "So, you like sucking cock then little boy? Do you like having a man's hard cock in your young mouth?" 

In eighteen years of life, I've enjoyed many sensations with my mouth, but never as much as I did that day. "Yes Sir!" I exclaimed, allowed to free my mouth from his mammoth cock. He pushed my head into his large weighty ball-sack, and I just kept licking and sucking. "I...love...sucking...cock...your...large...hard...cock...Sir!!" I managed to blurt out between licks.

"Good boy. Now let me in that mouth of yours again." Just as he was about to stab my mouth once more I heard a knock on the door, the voice that came through was enough to instil the fear of God into me. 

"Mark? Are you guys ok in there?" My father's voice echoed down the corridor that led to my bedroom. "Ummm, yeah *slurp* we're fine Dad!" I said pulling the mighty dick from my lips for the briefest of moments before having it unceremoniously rammed deep, making a truly lurid noise.

"Don't worry Mr Jenkinson, your son's being a great help. With his talents I'll be done in no time." The repairman said, still pistoning his large cock in and out of my mouth.

"Oh, ok great, I'll be in the kitchen when you're done." And with that he closed my door and left, completely unaware that his only son was naked on his bed, with a strange man's huge cock buried six inches in his mouth!

"Guess we better be quick then, huh?" He grunted, as once again he bottomed out in my mouth and violated my throat. With that he gripped my head between his large hands and proceeded to fuck my mouth in a deliberate rhythm, moaning with every stroke. Over and over he slammed his hips forward. It was starting to make my throat sore and my cheeks were tiring, but he didn't let up. 

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck! I'm close," he hissed down at me as he held his cock in my mouth for a long moment making me cough repeatedly. "Oh fuck! Fuck you're a good little cocksucker!!" 

Cocksucker? Oh my god, Am I? Oh god, yes, I am!! This realisation was too much for me. I hadn't even touched myself, but my body felt rigid and my abdomen started convulsing as I felt the first spurts of hot cum erupting from my own cock. "Mmmmhmmm," my eyes felt like they were rolling around freely in my head as my thighs were being coated. 

"Ah...Fuck...Yes!!" I heard him grunt as I felt the roof of my mouth suddenly become warmer and a thick creamy sensation was covering my mouth. In surprise I grabbed his thighs, holding on for dear life. I swallowed quickly, by instinct more than anything. The next salvo escaped and dribbled down my chin and dripped onto my thighs to mix with my own. I felt droplets land on my own softening cock and the warmth was blissful!

Another blast, this time straight down my throat. The coating thorough, thick and viscous, and the taste was musky and slightly salted but the overall sensation was fantastic. Another shot ricocheted over my tongue as a full six inches of manly sized dick exploded inside my teen mouth for the first time. I was loving every second of it.

His thick cock finally stopped convulsing in my mouth as he leant back against the wall. Still firmly embedded in my mouth, though he released his grip on my head and I took it as a sign. Something had taken hold of me and I licked and polished that delicious cock. Swallowing every drop of thick cream down and using his dick as a spoon to collect what I could from my face. I'd seen girls do this in porn films before so thought to myself "When in Rome." 

When I finally finished I let his softening cock fall from my lips and looked up and smiled. Still with cum on my chest and streaks of it across my thighs I must have looked a sight, but to be honest, I couldn't have cared less, I was in heaven!

"Wow! Well I think I can tell your Dad that the service in here is just perfect!" He said laughing quite lewdly. "So, did you enjoy your first taste?"

"Oh yes, thank you Sir!" Nodding furiously like a giddy schoolkid, "Umm Sir, would you mind me asking you something?"

"Shoot!" He said as he pushed his limp cock back inside the confines of his pants.

"Isn't that your job?" I quipped quickly smiling back at him. "Sorry I couldn't resist, anyway, umm, do you think I could give you my number, I was just thinking that maybe one day if you wanted me to...umm well you know...again...then I'd be willing to help out."

"Sure, thing kid. And I tell you what, with a little practice I've got a ton of friends who would love to make your acquaintance."