 The Greek domestic slaves, Demonethes the scriba and Ganethes the curator were charged by their master Agricollus Antonius to organise the food and entertainment for the celebration of the annual Feast of Saturnalia.

Whilst affecting to despise these revels, which both their inferiors and betters enjoyed, they non-the-less diligently discharged their duty. Ganethes knowing of his comrade's sexual inclinations issued a challenge and a wager made.

Demonethes the scriba, had dressed in the finery of a Roman nobleman. The mid-winter cold bit into his bones, he wished the island of Vectis was surrounded by the warm blue waters of the Mediterranean, instead of the cold grey/green waves of Oceanus Britannicus. He shivered in the thin Toga, which was not his customary garb. He watched Agricollus Brigantus, his master's younger brother dancing with one of the domestic women. A low sluttish baggage in the scribe's jaundiced opinion. 

Saturnalia Secundus was the second day of licence, of role reversal, when masters became servants and slaves assumed the garb and mannerisms of their masters. These were the unique days when conventional barriers were breached. The days when the master waited upon his slaves. A festival when it was permissible for servants to initiate sexual relationships with their masters.

Demonethes waited until Brigantus had finished dancing, as he had expected Brigantus slipped away alone, melting into the shadows that fringed the torch lit area where people danced.

Now my fine young friend I shall discover the nature of your inclinations.

To Demonethes who was used to moving through the shadows, the darkness posed little problem. He found Brigantus standing on a small terrace. "Not dancing Brigantus?"

"I was but the exercise has tired me. I came out for some fresh air."

"I had expected you to be taking the air with some maid or other. Surely tonight you have had offers."

"I find their ways to be unrefined and coarse."

"You must bear in mind these women are slaves."

"I find the ladies also to be somewhat predatory when one cuts through their refined manners."

Steady Demonethes, do not rush - play the wise old tutor.

"You could try Martial's remedy." Demonethes said. Brigantus looked blankly at the older man. "Oh Brigantus do you forget all your education? Try and recall. 

"For a whole night, I had a wanton mistress: - Her lewd inventions were beyond compare. - Exhausted, then, I asked for something boyish, - She gave it to me before I'd said my say."

"Demonethes, do you really think that simply by enjoying a woman's mouth or ass, it would be possible to forget she was a woman?"

Easy now play the part of the wise tutor, a friendly ear.

"That would depend on the individual, Martial's poem implies he could. It would be difficult to see how a woman could satisfy some men's desires." Demonethes knew that even during Saturnalia if his proposition was inappropriate it would earn him a beating, or worse.

He moved closer to Brigantus. He stood close behind him, his arm lightly upon his shoulder. 

As I expected he does not pull away.

"If dear boy you are inclined to fully enjoy a man then it would not be enough." Emboldened by Brigantus's lack of reaction he moved closer pressing himself against the younger man's back. He knew it was impossible for Brigantus to be unaware of the hard cock that pressed against his buttocks.

He responds to my touch!

The young man was pushing his ass back towards him. He wrapped his arms around Brigantus's hips and lifted the front of the rough slave's tunic he wore. "My young master has a cock like the trunk of a young sapling, truly he has matured into a fine example of manhood." Demonethes purred, as he rubbed his hand over the younger man's erect cock.

In reciprocation Brigantus moved his hips, his mobile buttocks dry fucking the scribe's rampant cock. "Please Demonethes don't torment me, delay no longer take me now."

Yes!!!!!

"Do not be so impatient not here where we risk being discovered. Come with me to my quarters."

