 Comments, critiques and tips are welcome. 

 Jeremy Stanton vs. Ryan Hicks

 Dedicated to Madisonkai

 Blinding anger!

 ***

 PROLOGUE:

Somewhere in the southern part of California, thirty-one years ago...

*

 "It's a boy." The elderly woman smiled. "Just as was predicted."

 The baby let out an angry cry and kicked its tiny legs with such force the old woman almost dropped it. 

 "So strong." She giggled, tightening her hold on the baby. But her delighted giggles turned into a gasp of horror when the baby's eyes suddenly turned bloody red. "Oh Great Luna!" Mama Meg turned as white as sheet. 

 The two attendants looking on turned to run out of the room just as one of the curtains burst into flames. The baby kept crying angrily.

 "Give him to me Mama Meg." The obviously tired mother instructed urgently. "Quick." 

 She stretched out her arms and took her baby from the terrified old woman. Then she tenderly placed the screaming baby on her chest, noting the contrast between her own dark skin and her baby's slightly lighter colour. He was the most beautiful baby she'd ever laid eyes on. The proud mother began to sing softly to sooth her screaming baby. But for the seriousness of the current situation, she would have laughed out loud when it downed on her that her baby had actually taken more of her colour than her husband's. She couldn't wait to see the look on her husband's face when she demanded her prize for winning the bet. She also couldn't wait to see the real eye colour of her baby. Was it going to be the intense deep blue eyes his father had or dark amber like hers? 

 The proud mother didn't even look up when her husband, the Alpha burst into the room. She kept singing. And as she sang, the baby's cries gradually died down and to the shock of the others in the room, so did the curtain that had caught fire. Well, it was virtually burnt but at least the fire had gone out...by itself.

 "He's an Ojah." Mama Meg gasped, her whole body trembling.

 "Darling, are you okay?" The giant of an Alpha asked his beautiful wife.

 Gloria, the head warrior and queen of the Stanwood Pack lifted eyes filled with pride, joy and mirth to her anxious looking husband and gave him a slow wink. "What do you think?" She breathed. "Come meet your son."

 Alpha Stanton grinned and sat beside his wife on the bed. They both stared at the sleeping baby, ignoring the almost frenzied prayers being whispered by Mama Meg. The elderly woman was terrified and rightly so. After all, they had in their midst an Ojah who could raise a whole community to the ground with just a snap of his finger. What made their situation even worse was the fact that their son was a mere baby and therefore had no control over his power. The Alpha and his queen knew they had a lot of work to do.

 "He can't be Alpha." The old lady chanted. "An Ojah can't rule. He'll kill everyone. We are doomed. An alpha has to be tolerant. But it's not in an Ojah's nature to be tolerant." Mama Meg was shaking so much she looked as though she had a seizure. That was the extent of her terror. "Everyone will perish at his hands. This has never happened before. We..."

 "Calm down Mama Meg." The alpha finally turned to look at the frightened woman. "I know something like this has never happened before but let's consider the other possibilities. Wouldn't his being an alpha rather control his Ojah side? And wouldn't being an Ojah rather be an advantage to an alpha...help him protect his people even better? Think about it. Now why don't you go and gather the elders for an emergency meeting, Mama Meg?" The Alpha said gently, turning back to look at his sleeping son. "I'll clean them up myself. Tell the elders I'll join you immediately I'm done here."

 The woman fled the room as if the hounds of hell were after her. And even as she hastened to do the bidding of her Alpha, she couldn't help but feel the surge of power in the air...the power emanating from that little baby. She had faith in the Alpha and the queen to keep the pack safe, but she also couldn't help but feel their lives were in danger. She prayed the couple and the elders would be able to contain all that power and keep them out of harm's way.

 "Merciful Luna, have mercy on us." She prayed as she broke into a run. 

 And back in the room, the alpha and his wife couldn't keep their eyes off their bundle of joy. To them, he was perfect.

 "He's going to be the most powerful alpha." The queen muttered.

 "I know." The alpha grinned.

 ***

 At the same moment...in the remote town of Pierre Part, Louisiana...

*

 A doctor and three nurses stared at a new born baby boy. The thoughts running through the head of each person was, 'am I seeing right?'

 "Is something wrong with my baby?" The exhausted mother asked in a tired voice. 

 All four pairs of eyes turned in her direction for not more than a second. Then each pair was back on the baby. It was a staggeringly beautiful baby. Its angelic face and the full crop of pure white hair on its head made it look almost ethereal. But what arrested the attention of the doctors and nurses was not the beauty of the baby. It was what was between its legs... The beautiful baby had two dicks.

 "Will someone please say something?" The mother's raised voice caused the stunned doctor to finally turn to focus on her.

 "Ms. Hicks I don't know how to say this but...err...your baby...you have a boy."

 "And what is strange about that?" The mother asked with a raised brow. "I already knew it was going to be a boy, remember?" The scan had already revealed she was having a boy so Emma Hicks knew her baby was a boy.

 "Well, your son has a...a...he has a condition." The doctor said, turning his eyes back onto the baby.

 "Condition? What kind of condition?" The alarmed mother's eyes widened with dread as she moved to sit up.

 "A deformity." The doctor couldn't mask the confused shock in his voice. He turned his eye back onto the mother and groaned. "No you don't have to..." He started to say but the mother ignored him and sat up.

 "Please give me my baby." Emma demanded shakily. She just wanted to hold her son. "I want to hold him." She stretched out her arms, praying that whatever deformity her son had was not life threatening. 

 The nurse who held the baby in her arms gently placed the baby in its mother's arms. Whilst they all stood back to witness Emma's first reaction to her son's weird body part, the doctor went to the phone in the corner and started dialing. 

 Emma looked at her son's face and gave a tremulous smile. "He's beautiful." 

 Then she started checking his fingers to make sure he had ten, looked on his chest and saw the tiny nipples, went further down and touched his umbilical cord stump, and then she moved her eyes lower to his groin and then froze. Emma stared at the two tiny dicks for a moment, and then continued with her inspection as though she hadn't just seen the weirdest thing ever.

 "...Yes come immediately." Emma heard the doctor on the phone, talking to someone. "We'll be waiting. No I haven't taken any pictures yet. Okay I'll do that but hurry." He hung up.

 "Who was that on the phone?" Emma asked quietly.

 "That's a specialist." The doctor responded. "I called him to come and check your son out."

 "Really? I didn't know you had specialists in this part of the country. No one is poking my son. He's no E.T. I..."

 "You watch too many movies Ms. Hicks." The doctor gave a nervous laugh. "We're not going to harm him."

 "How long will it take for the specialist to get here?"

 "He's going to fly in from New York. He'll be here in about three hours. Now, why don't you allow Nurse Sarah to clean the baby and put some clothes on him?" The doctor smiled. "You need your rest."

 "I'm fine. Can I breastfeed him when she's done?"

 "Sure." The doctor nodded.

 "Okay." Emma smiled. "Need to use the bathroom. I want to clean up before I feed him." She said as she allowed the nurse to take the baby.

 Emma slowly got off the bed and went to the bathroom. Her tears mingled with the water as she showered. She'd seen how those people had looked at her son. She'd seen amusement on one face and disgust on some. Emma knew that a male with two penises was strange and she didn't know why her son had it but she sure as hell wasn't going to allow anyone to make her feel as though her son was any less of a human being. She was a strong woman. Had to be strong as she'd never had anyone to look out for her. And she was going to make sure that no one had the chance to make her son feel bad about himself. Her son was special and she was going to protect him from the cruel world they lived in.

 When the nurses came back into the room an hour later to check up on mother and son, they found an empty room. Emma Hicks had disappeared with her son. 

 ***

 PRESENT DAY...

 Alpha Jeremy Stanton was in a very bad mood. The fact that it was a full moon that night was making his mood even darker. The Stanwood Pack, which was the biggest pack in the country, was getting ready for a run and that never ceased to bring a feeling of excitement and anxiety amongst the pack. The air was charged. It was usually the most importance event that occurred every month because newly turned wolves got to take their first run to the joy and pride of the grown-ups. 

 Just as Alpha Jeremy always insisted on, the warriors had scanned the parameters to ensure that the pack would be safe during their run. These checks were important as rogues or hunters could be waiting to attack. Rogues were wolves with no packs. They were usually broken from customary behavior and killed indiscriminately and heedlessly. Hunters on the other hand were that group of people who had made it their life's mission to destroy supernatural beings such as werewolves from existence. When Jeremy heard word, mere hours before their run, that some hunters were lying in wait for them, he'd growled with fury. And when he was told that the hunters had managed to escape, leaving just one man behind, he'd gotten even angrier. He'd ordered his warriors to bring the hunter back to the camp. Jeremy wanted to personally kill the hunter this time around, to placate his furious wolf. 

 As Jeremy paced impatiently waiting for his warriors, the pack got ready to move. Jeremy's house was a modern day castle. It was huge and breathtakingly beautiful. A lot had gone into the magnificent structure. To some, the house was a five star hotel as it could easily house about three hundred people. There were hundreds of acres of land around Alpha Jeremy's house, all belonging to the Alpha. Though the werewolves lived anywhere they wished... amongst regular human folk, they always converged in Jeremy's mansion once every month to run as a pack. Wolves from other packs who owed allegiance to Jeremy usually joined the Stanwood pack for their runs. For the wolves, it was the best place to be on a night of a full moon because they got to run to their hearts content in the forest surrounding the property. Jeremy was therefore particular about security as he was responsible for not only his pack members, but non-pack members too.

 "We're here Alpha.' Jeremy heard his lead warrior say through their mind link and instantly felt his fangs drop. He couldn't wait to see the hunter who dared come that far to hunt his pack on such a night.

 'I'm out here.' Jeremy responded and turned to face his five betas. They were the most important people after the Alpha and his mate, if he had one. Their job was to take over command and enforce the law whenever the Alpha wasn't present. The betas were so important and respected that their position couldn't be challenged without the alpha's approval. "They're here." He informed the anxious betas.

 Jeremy turned to face the direction he knew his warriors were going to emerge from and promptly gasped when a strong wind blew. Fuck! He groaned silently as his eyes widened in shock and confusion. Where the fuck had that scent come from, Jeremy asked himself as he closed his eyes and breathed in deeply. His mouth watered and he felt his cock go instantly hard. No fucking way! From what he'd been taught, only one thing could cause his current reaction. His mate was close. But who, Jeremy asked himself as he opened his eyes and looked around, hoping to see a strange female standing close. It could be someone from the visiting packs. But Jeremy noticed that there were no women around where they stood waiting for the warriors. They were all at the southern part of the property, getting ready for their run. He turned to face his approaching warriors and felt his knees weaken when the scent got even more intense and delicious. Jeremy swallowed as he felt his eyes shift. His wolf was dying to get out and go to his mate and Jeremy had to do everything in his power not to let that happen as he didn't even know who the said mate was. 

 By the time the warriors got to their alpha and his betas, Jeremy's skin had broken out in sweat despite the chilly nature of the weather.

 "Are you alright Jer?" His best friend and head beta, Philip asked quietly beside him with concern in his eyes.

 "I'm fine." Jeremy rasped curtly. "Let's just get this over and done with." He said as he turned to fully face the warriors. 

 Behind the warriors, with his head covered in a sack and his hands in cuffs was the caught hunter. "Here he is Alpha." Stan said as he pushed the apprehended hunter forward. "We haven't questioned him at all but he keeps saying he means no harm." He reported as he yanked the sack off the head of the hunter. "Those who escaped left their weapons behind." He said pointing at the guns in the possession of one of the warriors. "They're filled with silver bullets. I think the ones who escaped are kids. This one was probably training them." 

 "I told you I'm..." The hunter began but shut up when the alpha turned his angry eyes on him.

 Jeremy had to suppress his groan as he stared into the most beautiful eyes he'd ever seen. They were glassy green with flecks of amber. The man looked to be in his early twenties, around five 'nine in height, lean, and had the whitest blond hair Jeremy had ever seen. It was cropped short on the sides and slighter longer on top. The hunter was drop-dead gorgeous. And he was his mate. 

 "Fuck!" Jeremy swore as he stared into the frightened eyes of the hunter.

 There was one thing everyone knew about Alpha Jeremy Stanton. He hated hunters with a passion because hunters had killed his father and kid brother. He always told his pack that it was sick to simply kill someone when you had no proof that that person was causing harm to other people. Since he and his pack always made it a point never to cause anyone any harm, hunters were to Jeremy, foolish murderers who needed to be taken out when caught. He never killed them though. He rather made his resident witch work on hunters who got caught. And by the time his witch was through with the hunters, their thirst for the hunt was no more. 

 It was also a known fact that Alpha Jeremy had never understood the concept of same sex relationships. He would accept it if anyone felt they had to be gay, but had never understood what could possibly be nice about that whole orientation when the couple could not even make babies. He thought it was a waste of time and sperm. So for Jeremy, the universe had dealt him the nastiest blow by giving him a mate who was not only a hunter, but was also a man. Jeremy got so mad he didn't just see red, his eyes turned red. 

 Everyone stepped back in fear, except the hunter. Even if he knew just how deadly the man standing in front of him had just become...which he didn't...he couldn't have moved because the power from those red eye inexplicably had him rooted to the spot. The warriors and betas on the other hand, knew that a red-eyed Jeremy, was a lethal weapon. The last time their alpha had unleashed his Ojah power, it hadn't been pretty and they all remembered very clearly. 

 Jeremy was not just an alpha, but was also one of the three Ojahs in the Were kingdom. That made Jeremy the only alpha who was also an Ojah, making him the most powerful supernatural being in the Were kingdom. Ojahs were a rare form of shape shifters who were both ruthless assassins and conjurers. An Ojah was so powerful that they couldn't be controlled when their powers were unleashed. Unleashing that power meant the Ojah in question had turned his humanity off. Just one Ojah could slaughter an army within mere seconds. It was therefore very rare for an Ojah to allow that ruthless inhuman side of their being to come out. Even the wolf of an Ojah became uneasy and subdued whenever a werewolf allowed his Ojah power to take over their body because at that point, the sane human was no longer present. The ruthless deadly Ojah spirit had total control over the individual and his wolf. To shut that deadly bloodthirsty spirit down, something very intense needed to occur to force the Ojah back to their senses. 

 Jeremy's anger and confusion was obviously so intense that it had triggered off his Ojah powers, effectively turning off his humanity. Being an alpha, however, unconsciously held Jeremy back from destroying his pack members and that was the only thing that kept his warriors and betas from fleeing. An Alpha would never destroy his pack and the men were counting on that. As Jeremy stared at his mate, his fangs elongated. What nobody knew was the war raging within him, between the ruthless Ojah who hated what fate had done to him, and his wolf, who simply wanted to mark his mate. As an alpha, Jeremy's wolf was braver than the usual wolf and could to an extent, stand up to the bloodthirsty assassin that Jeremy had become. The war raged on between the Ojah and his wolf. It had been prophesied that his mate was special, the Ojah fumed. But what made this human being special, he wondered angrily. Was it the fact that he was a man? Or was it the fact that he couldn't possibly give him an heir? What kind of silly joke had Luna played on him? And as if being a man wasn't enough, he was a murdering hunter. Jeremy was damn furious at the injustice of it all. 

 In the end, man and beast had to come to a compromise. Left to the currently heartless and deadly Jeremy alone, the hunter would be dead that very instant but since he was his mate, his stubborn wolf wouldn't allow it. Even in his current state, Jeremy knew the consequences of killing a mate. Luna would never forgive him. He also knew he couldn't reject his mate as that would set a bad example for his pack. But Jeremy didn't give a flying fuck about all that consequence. He just wanted to kill the murdering hunter standing before him. After a fierce argument between him and his wolf, the Ojah agreed not to kill the hunter only if he could punish the hunter in his own way. It was agreed that rather than kill the hunter as Jeremy's rage was calling for, he was going to give him the greatest punishment that any hunter could be given. And that was to turn the hunter into what he hunted. Jeremy would bite the hunter just to turn him but not to mark him as his mate...yet. To worsen the punishment even more, the excruciating pain that came with that act of biting to transform a human into a werewolf, was not going to be masked. He would be made to feel every bit of that pain and even more, as payback for his wicked intentions. Not killing him was all the mercy Jeremy planned on showing the man. And though Jeremy could feel the dread and agitation coming from his wolf for the pain he was about to inflict upon his mate, Jeremy moved with determination towards the hunter...like the predator that he was.

 When he got to the hunter, Jeremy turned him around, ripped the back of his shirt to expose the back of his neck, reared back with an angry growl, and then struck...hard. The warriors and the betas gasped at the sound of their alpha's fangs sinking with a crunch into the bone at the back of the hunter's neck. Receiving a bite from an angry alpha was painful enough. But receiving a bite from an angry alpha in the current state of theirs had to be even more painful. And as if that wasn't enough, the bite was being administered on that part of the human body which delivered the most excruciating pain...the back of the neck. That had to be, without a doubt, the most painful bite ever. Even the anguished cry from the hunter didn't give the angry Alpha pause. He rather tightened his hold at the hunter's throat when he tried to get away from his sharp teeth. Jeremy's fangs sunk deep, with intent to cause maximum pain as he allowed the venom to flow into the hunter. The alpha was beyond feeling at that point. He simply wanted to inflict pain and that was exactly what he did. He felt the hunter convulse with utter pain against him but his fangs remained embedded in his neck. He only released the man when he felt him go limp against him in a faint. Jeremy watched stonily as his mate crumbled in a heap at his feet.
