 The furnace repairman gripped my wrist with his strong, calloused hand. Feeling like I was in a Twilight Zone episode, I thought this guy was going to let me suck his cock. Just a few hours ago, he had shoved it down my throat a couple dozen times until my face was a sloppy mess, or so I remembered. However, he had just reacted violently when I stripped almost naked and tried to touch his crotch, shoving me away. I was beginning to question my sanity. 

The guy pulled me up off the floor. "Hi! I'm Mike, the real Mike. The guy who was here before was my twin brotha Jake. Did that moron tell you to grab his junk when he came back?"

"Sorta," I replied as I brushed a layer of basement dirt off my chilled ass. 

He shook his head. "Sorry. He's always pulling asshole stunts like this. We used to pull crap on our parents, teachas and bosses when we were kids."

"Damn! You guys do look like exactly alike!" I said, very relieved I wasn't going bat shit crazy, and hopefully wasn't going to be bludgeoned. 

"Don't worry about the blood comments," he said. "That bastud set us up, and I needed to scare the shit outta his worthless ass. Sorry I shoved you, I just had to play it straight, ya know? How did you and Jake end up being so...friendly?" He grinned. 

Standing there with no pants, my dick re-stiffened as I told the real Mike about his twin's voyeurism of my alleyway blowjobs and the brief but intense bullying of my pharynx with his cock. This Mike saw me blatantly looking down at his crotch, which seemed to be expanding nicely. 

He smiled at my jolting boner. "So you like dicks, huh?" he said and reached for his zipper. Then to my dismay, the real Mike moved his hand away and asked about a rolled up carpet remnant that was lying on the floor across the room. "I gotta idea," he said. 

Several minutes later I was lying on the kitchen floor, rolled up inside the carpet, like a nearly nude dead body, ready for a ride to the landfill, waiting for identical twin Jake's arrival. The lights were on but of course I could see nothing. Moments later the side door opened, my queue to act dead and not move, especially my feet that were sticking out. 

"Shit! " Jake, the guy whose arched dick had been in my mouth briefly, screamed at his brother. "You Goddamn idiot! What the fuck are you doin'? Did you call 911?" His voice was stressed and intense. 

"Hell no! We gotta get rid of his body," Mike said frantically. "I dragged him up here, you gotta help me carry him out to the van." Not a bad acting job, at least it sounded like it. 

"How do you know he's..." Jake hesitated, "...dead?" 

"It doesn't matter, he'll sue us if he lives. Just help me get him in the van while it's still dark. Is there a shovel in your truck?"

"Fuck you, Michael! I'm callin' 911! Jake yelled. I could hear a cell phone beeping. 

Next I heard snickers and then laughter as Mike broke character, and his twin realized he was being scammed. My role as a corpse over and well played, I think, I began to unroll myself. 

"Awwww you fuckin' assholes!" Jake yelled. He tried to stay mad but was relieved there was no dead body to dispose of. "You motha fuckin' assholes!" 

"Ahhh I got you, fucktard!" Mike exclaimed and pointed at his twin. "I got you!" He and his brother started a playful shoving match, cursing and insulting each other. Finally they calmed down. I was sitting on the unrolled remnant, still naked except for my open hoodie, socks and running shoes, dick hard. 

"So what's wrong?" Jake asked, "You didn't like him grabbin' your worthless junk?"

"It's better than that freaky thing of yours." Mike replied, laughing as their shoving contest ended. 

"Phil, did this moron hurt you?" Jake asked. "I can't believe you helped him pull that shit!" he said, referring to his twin's revenge. 

"Nah, I'm good," I answered. "But it did make me think I was losing it for a minute there." 

"And to think, I was gonna take it easy on you," Jake said, sliding his belt out of its buckle.

"Bring it on," I replied enthusiastically, rising to my knees but sitting back on my calves in the center of the rug. My pulse raced at the prospect of them pulling their cocks out. I realized how lucky I was. Some guys never get to suck a single dick, and here I was with my second set of two. I was trembling with excitement once again. 

"Listen to this cocky bastud!" One of them said from above as they both approached my face, belts loose, zippers descending. 

Jeans and elastic boxer waistbands were lowered, revealing rugged penile shafts and then reddish mushroom heads, and finally plump balls in the well-lit kitchen. My own dick throbbed madly as the two quivering, semi-hard cocks approached, draped over their owner's fingers. Jake's pubes were shaven, and Mike's were closely cropped into a light brown fuzz. The heads bumped together. 

"Hey! Don't touch me with that nasty thing!" one of them said. "Have you even washed it this month?" 

The insulting banter between the brothers continued as they each chose a side and my extended tongue alternately tasted and licked each gorgeous pink cock. My neck twisting from side to side as if watching a tennis match, I was soon alternately accommodating a few inches of each penis with all the suction I could muster. A staccato chorus of my moans and lip-smacking echoed off the kitchen cabinets, and their verbal sparring match ceased, replaced by heavy breathing. 

Each dick cooled a bit during the twenty seconds or so that I paid attention to the other, but soon it was encircled by my mouth and reheated once more. I looked up at the guys and they were both watching me, occasionally raring their heads back and gasping as I performed long, slow strokes, flexing my neck in 'yes' and 'no' motions while my massaging lips were stretching and kneading the skin along the expanding muscle beneath. Saliva drained off my chin as they called me "a good little cocksucker". 

I brought both hands up near my jaw and grasped their swelling shafts, simultaneously yanking and twisting them until they were solid and attained their final stiffened form. It was thrilling having a hard dick in each hand at the same time. Again I was amazed at their length; Mike's was as long as Jake's, but lacked the upward curve. My earlier guess of over eight inches unfurled had seemed about right. 

I fondled their balls next, then went back to jerking them rapidly and extended my tongue to enthusiastically lick their sacks all over. The spit-glazed, nearly hairless testicles almost seemed to react on their own, climbing up my face and nuzzling my nose. After I had given each guy's nuts a slimy, wet tongue bath, I looked up at them and inhaled deeply. 

Now the real work began. I repeatedly plunged my open mouth downward on Mike's gorgeous straight dick, gagging violently. After a few strokes Jake helped by stepping around and holding the back of my head while I tried to engulf his bother's meat. My nose, which nearly reached Mike's short pubes, began to run and tears welled up in my eyes as involuntary, straining grunts began to echo through the kitchen. After about a minute Mike backed out to let me have some air, releasing a small torrent of thick slime, ropes of which splattered off his retreating cock and my lips onto my chest and stomach, down into my pubes. I had learned to let the liquid out before inhaling, but still coughed a few times as I recovered. Even though there was a definite, unnatural discomfort in having the erection so far into my throat, I craved it back inside me only moments after it had vacated. I was feverishly addicted. My temples throbbed and my face was flushed, but I wanted more. 

"Nice!" Mike said about my efforts. 

"I told you I found a hot little whore! Phil fucking loooooves cock!" Jake said. "Isn't that right, Phil?" He patted my cheek harshly.

"Yes!" I managed to say as I caught my breath. I could feel my load build every time I admitted it aloud. "Yes I love cock!"

I took Mike's dick as best I could for several more minutes, my chest cavity jolting frequently as he harshly fucked my mouth. 

Next I raised up my dripping chin to take Jake's upturned mushroom head between my lips, and tried like hell to get his shaft to flex down into my throat, but had no luck. I could only get about half his rigid dick into my mouth as I sucked noisily, my head jolting up and down. The absence of frequent gagging did not last long. 

Jake solved the depth problem by palming and pushing back on my forehead, then pivoting around. He straddled my shoulders and took a football center's stance, using both hands to hold my head as the football. Now in the inverse position, his dick battered my nose until it was deeply buried in my convulsing throat, his moist balls bouncing around on my cheeks. The open, spread zipper of his lowered pants tugged at my hair, and strained grunts resonated through my throbbing ears as I surrendered fully to the demanding, stiff cock. I tried my best to tighten my lips on his out strokes, but I was unable to keep pace with his groaning, fast onslaught, and their flapping added to the symphony of noises as air escaped and my stiff meat and legs flailed around. My neck was dripping with drool and mucus and my sparse chest hair was matted with overflow as well. 

"That's it! Take it deep you cock lovin' fag!" Jake yelled as I struggled beneath him, my chest jolting. "Gag on it, bitch!" 

I was indeed ecstatically taking it and gagging on it when both their phones buzzed, 

Jake withdrew, and his slimy dick popped out of my mouth, slinging a torrent of thick throat goop into the air. Most of it rained back down onto my bare body as the back of my head contacted the carpet. 

I enjoyed watching them stand and read their phones, glistening, hard cocks dancing around, but the news wasn't good. They had another emergency call, and began cussing and wiping their dicks off with a dish towel. 

I hated to see them go; I wanted more cock. An idea occurred. 

"Wait! Take me with you," I said. "I can finish you off in the van." The twins looked at each other and grinned. 

