 I had been happily married for twelve years before I started having fantasies of sucking cock. My wife, after bearing two children, still was a curvy, gorgeous woman with a large appetite for sex. At the age of thirty-six, she was at the peak of her sexual drive. I, at the age of forty, could still perform in bed almost as well as I could when I was twenty. I had put on a few pounds since I was twenty, but not enough to show or worry about. Our friends said we were an "attractive couple." We were deeply in love and I guess it showed.

One night, after the kids were asleep, I was stretched out on my side of the bed. Jan was between my legs, giving me a wet blowjob to "help me sleep." While her head moved up and down over my cock, my thoughts had turned to those of me sucking an anonymous cock. There was a strand of guilt woven into my cock sucking fantasies. I was a married man, a father of two children with a beautiful and adoring wife. And I was longing to suck some stranger's dick while my good wife was sucking mine. When the cock that was visualized in my mind began filling my mouth with dick juice, my cock shot jizz into Jan's mouth.

Jan swallowed my cum and kissed me "good night." I lay wide awake wanting--just a little bit more than I wanted last night--to suck a cock; to taste and swallow cum. What would my wife Jan, think, if she knew what was constantly turning over in my mind? After a long, long time, I finally drifted off to sleep. Thank God it was Friday; I could sleep late tomorrow.

The next morning I woke, urinated, and went into the kitchen which smelled of fresh-brewed coffee. I poured a cup and sat at the kitchen table. The newspaper was on the table; I was looking over the headlines when Jan came in. She poured herself some coffee and sat at the table with me and exhaled a sigh of relief.

"Well," she said, "the kids will be gone all day. That give you any ideas, Jimbo?" 

There was some kind of outing a few of the moms in the neighborhood had organized for the kids. That meant a nice, quiet day.

I shrugged in response to her question.

"What's eating at you, Jim? You've been off in another world for the last couple of weeks."

I met her eyes. She was worried. Jan is not the worrying kind. I had been thinking about telling her of my cock sucking fantasies, but it never seemed like the time was "right." Now seemed as good a time as any.

I told her I was having fantasies of sucking cock. I told her I had never done anything like that. I told her I was at the point where I wanted to try it, just to get it out of my system.

When I finished, Jan looked at me and smiled. And then giggled. And then laughed out loud, a deep belly laugh. She finally settled down, smiled and said, "So that's what's got you down? You want to give some guy a blowjob?"

I managed a crooked smile and nodded.

"Oh, you poor baby. I thought it was something serious." She came over to my side of the table and gave me a hug and a kiss, and returned to her side of the table. She met my eyes and said, "Would you really suck someone's dick if you had the chance?"

"I don't know, Jan. Probably."

"Hmmm," she said. "There is this guy at work--a grad student--works part time--who's always flirting. He's a good looking kid--about twenty-two or three--tall, slim. Like you, Jim. Anyway, yesterday, he actually came on to me. I told him I was a married woman." He said, "So what, maybe we can have a three-way."

"Jesus!" I said. I did have a fantasy of watching Jan getting fucked by some guy. This, and the one of me sucking cock were my top two jackoff fantasies. Then the light came on in my head. Why not combine them?

"Well," I said, half jokingly, "maybe we can."

"I can call him. The kids won't be back until about six, tonight."

It was written all over her face that she wanted a three way with this grad student. "Call him, baby," I said.

She had to get his phone number from a little notebook she kept in her briefcase. I heard her talking to him and then she returned to the kitchen, wearing a nervous smile. "He'll be here in fifteen minutes," she said.

I took my regular morning wakeup shower, dressed in faded jeans and polo shirt and when I came downstairs, Jan was seated on the living room sofa. Steve was seated on the opposite end. Good looking kid I thought.

He was dressed in jeans and a white Tee shirt. Very clean cut, was my first impression; lean, but not muscular, he was not quite what you would call skinny. The term for someone like Steve on the gay porn sites was, "twink." He looked too young to be twenty-two or three, but that's what Jan said and she would know. 

He got to his feet when I walked into the room as Jan made the introductions. Well mannered. We shook hands and grinned nervously at each other. I took a seat in an upholstered chair facing the sofa. I couldn't believe that I was going to suck this guys cock sometime today. There was an awkward silence after the introductions.

Jan broke the ice by suggesting that a drink would be in order. "I know it isn't even ten in the morning," she said, "but this, I would say, is a special occasion." She got up and went into the kitchen, where the booze and glasses were. 

I noticed that Jan had changed from her ratty "lounging around" clothes to a cotton dress with flowers, and nylons with a backseam and four inch heels. She knew she had great, long legs that turned me, and every other man, on. Steve watched her strut to the kitchen with an appreciative eye. I did, too.

The liquor loosened us up and the conversation quickly turned to sex. Now Jan was sitting right beside Steve. Probably on purpose, she had let the hem of her dress ride up her leg, high enough to expose the dark band at the top of her sheer nylon stocking. Steve kept glancing at her thigh while we talked.

Jan did most of the talking, telling Steve that in addition to his having his way with her, he was going to have to "let Jim" suck his cock. She placed her hand high on his leg, while she told him that she could hardly wait to take him between her legs. Steve glanced nervously at me and we locked eyes. I nodded and he seemed to relax.

By now Steve's--and my--cock was fully erect and the outline of his stood out in relief on his jeans. Jan placed her hand on his bulge and said, "Why don't we take this up to the bedroom?"

We all got to our feet and followed Jan upstairs to the bedroom. She got things started by removing her dress. Then she stood proudly and let Steve get a good look. Her bra was one of those that cradled her breasts from the bottom, leaving her nipples exposed. She wasn't wearing panties; the vee of her pubic hair was framed by her garter belt and her thigh high stockings. She stood before Steve and breathed, "Do what you want, Stevie."

Immediately his hands went to her breasts, fondling them through the bra. Jan unhooked her bra and let it fall to the floor. He started kissing her breasts and sucking the nipples. Jan looked over at me and winked.

I began peeling off my clothes. While Stevie was sucking Jan's nipples, she pressed up close to him and backed him up to the bed and sat him down on it. She dropped to her knees, removed his shoes and socks, then unbuckled his belt, and opened his jeans. She tugged his pants off and then stood and gazed at him.

Naked now, I moved up close to them. Steve still had his snug fit boxers on. At the tip of the outline of his hard cock, was a wet spot. Jan told Steve to take everything off. He got the Tee shirt off in a jiffy. As he removed his boxers, he rolled back, his legs in the air. As his boxers slid off his legs, his cock and balls and asshole came briefly into view. "Mmm," said Jan.

Except for his armpits and his crotch, he had practically no hair on his body. A "smooth" twink. In my cock sucking fantasies the owner of the cock I was sucking was "smooth." Was Jan reading my mind?

He tossed his underwear aside and lay with his butt on the edge of the bed. His nicely shaped circumcised dick pointed to the ceiling. Jan nudged me and mouthed, "Go on."

I stood before Steve, staring at his cock and balls. He spread his legs and I dropped to my knees. A large drop of clear fluid emerged from the tip of his cock. I wrapped my hand around his shaft, thrilled by the feel of his cock in my hand. 

Then his balls suddenly drew up and Steve grunted. His cock was still in my hand and I felt it pulse. A streamer of white stuff flew from the tip of his dick. I followed its trajectory. The leading part landed in his hair with a thin, wet trail from his cheek to his pubic hair.

I quickly lowered my head and had the head of his cock in my mouth when the second jet of his cock cream hit the back of my throat. I felt seven more forceful jets of cum skid across my tongue as Steve grunted and growled. I kept him in my mouth for a while. His semen had a strong, fresh taste that, in the heat of the moment, was very enjoyable. 

When I slipped my lips off his cock, I held his cum in my mouth and rolled it around, savoring the taste. It felt thick at first but quickly became thinner as it mixed with my saliva. I finally swallowed it, hoping to get another helping.

From my kneeling position between Steve's legs, I saw that he was flat on his back, his chest heaving, arms thrown back over his head. His cock was just as hard as it was when it was squirting, and his balls, drawn up tight during his orgasm, were slowly sliding down into his sack. As I gazed on his perfect genitals, I saw a final pearly drop of semen appear at his piss slit. Without thinking about it, I moved my mouth over it and licked off the last drop. 

From the corner of my eye I saw Jan staring at Steve's hard, young cock. She had a look of intense concentration on her face; it was how she looked when she was consumed by raw lust.

I had to duck my head when she moved over and swung a leg over Steve, like a cowboy getting in the saddle. She shuffled herself into position over him. I had a straight on view of her hairy cunt, the outer lips swollen with lust, over Steve's thick, hard cock. Her fingers appeared between her legs and guided Steve's shaft into her cunt. Steve moaned in delight. When her cunt had swallowed him up until his balls only were visible, Jan said, "Ahhh."

Jan rode Steve's cock while he humped up into her. Jan's pussy was providing more than enough of the lubrication necessary for the moving parts. On the out stroke, Steve's eager cock glistened with Jan's pussy juice. They fucked on in silence; the only sounds in the room were the wet sluicing sound of a cock moving in and out of a wet pussy, and the ragged breathing of the happy couple.

After his premature ejaculation when I sucked his cock, Stevie-boy was lasting a good, long while in Jan's cunt. My face was close to their joined crotches and the smell of sex was strong. Under the circumstances, it was impossible for me to keep from stroking my cock. 

Then I saw Steve's nuts begin to draw up. He stopped humping up into Jan's dripping cunt. While his hands gripped the womanly swell of Jan's hips, holding her down against him, his own hips arched up to get his cock into my wife as deeply as he could. His egg-shaped balls were all the way up now, one on each side of the base of his shaft. The smooth, round cheeks of his butt squeezed together, and Steve growled and grunted animal sounds as his cock spewed semen deep into Jan's cunt.

When he finished ejaculating into her, Jan rolled off of him as quickly as she had climbed aboard. She lay beside him, her feet on the edge of the mattress and her knees wide apart. "Jimbo, honey, finish me off!"

I shifted over to her. Her cunt was gaped open, and the pubic hair around the entrance to her cunt was wet and plastered down. Her clit was erect and below it, just under her pee-hole, a large white drop of Steve's semen appeared from the depths of her cunt.

With my mouth pressed against her cunt, I scooped up the white deposit Steve had left there with the tip of my tongue. The memory of the taste of Steve's cum when he squirted in my mouth was still very fresh. The cum he left in my wife's pussy tasted the same, kinda. It wasn't as strong but I judged that it tasted better. Jan's pussy juice was mixed in with it.

More of Steve's tasty load rolled out of Jan's cunt and when I had lapped it all up, I went to work licking around Jan's swollen clit. She was close to the edge when I started and it didn't take long before she was moaning and bucking her hips. I knew she had reached the peak of orgasm when her thighs came together and squeezed my head between them, cutting off all sound except the beating of my heart. Then Jan's body went limp.

I stood and watched her and Steve laying side by side, still recovering from their orgasms. "I still haven't cum, you two," I announced. So I lay spread eagle on the bed with my throbbing hard on, closed my eyes, and waited for one of them to do something about it.

There was movement on the bed and somebody crawled between my spread legs. I felt a mouth on my cock--It wasn't Jan--and I opened my eyes and saw the top of Steve's head moving up and down on my pole. His ass was in the air and I could see in the dresser mirror Jan's head under Steve's crotch, his cock in her mouth. I could see her slender fingers gripping his bubble-butt; the fingers of her right hand were in the crack of his ass.

In a little while, Steve started making the sounds he makes when spilling his seed. I could visualize his young cock spurting white juice into her mouth, and I wondered if she enjoyed the taste as much as I had. 

Steve finished ejaculating into Jan's mouth, and kept sucking my cock without pause. Jan wiggled out from under him and knee walked over to me and kissed me on the lips. 

The (now) familiar taste of Steve's semen flooded my mouth and triggered my own orgasm. Steve made a "mmm," sound with each squirt from my cock.

Jan told him not to swallow. When I finished giving him a mouthful of my cream, Jan grabbed his head and gave him an open-mouth kiss. Then she moved back to me and kissed my cum into my mouth. My cum had a different flavor than Steve's and I realized I preferred the taste of Steve's.

Three orgasms were enough for Steve for the day. After we all got dressed, went downstairs, and had a quick drink, Steve went out the door, tired but happy.

When Steve was gone, and we talked about our first threesome, Jan reminded me that I had swallowed all three of his loads. The first right out of his cock, the second I licked from Jan's hairy cunt, and the third she kissed into my mouth. 

We went back upstairs to our bedroom to straighten out the rumpled bed and see if their was any "evidence" of our session with Steve that would be awkward to explain if one of the kids saw it. There wasn't anything, but there was a strong animal smell of sex. We opened the windows and aired the house out while we showered together. 

Jan got into her ratty lounging and started making something for lunch. I put on fresh clothes and finished reading the newspaper.