 #ItsSaturday. 

It'Saturday and I'm meeting friends in town for a coffee social, I'm a member of an LBGT social Facebook group, we meet once or twice a month for lunch or just coffee. We'd arranged to meet at 2, in Costa, in town. I arrived, slightly late, ready to make my entrance and noticed some of the group were outside. So much for making my entrance. Anyway, it was too busy to accommodate us all so the venue was moved to the Costa at the train station. 

Rik had gone on ahead to reserve some seating. I headed up to the station while others hung around waiting for the stranglers. 

I'd been chatting to one of the guys on Facebook throughout the morning asking if he was going. He had a friend with him and had other plans, but, if he could he would drop by. I thought I'd better let him know we had switched venue. He responded and said he was in a bar and the football had just come on. I hadn't put him as a football fan but thought his friend may be and he was being polite, as you do. I'd done my bit to inform him and continued up the high street to the station. 

I ordered my coffee and sat with the group, people had started to arrive and joined the group, we were introduced by Rik as people arrived that hadn't met before. I noticed the friend I'd been chatting to had arrived with his friend, a cute guy wearing jeans and a grey top. We waved across the tables and I stated the obvious "You made it then" as you do. Why do we ask obvious questions? 

He waved to a few more people and took a seat, his friend sat next to him. 

The conversation went around and I got chatting to a woman and a guy sitting next to me, I suddenly became distracted by 'the friend' and the bulge in his jeans, I did a double take while trying to remain focused on the conversation I was having. My eyes were constantly being drawn to his crotch. Thoughts racing through my head whilst trying to keep track of the conversation I was having. Is he a briefs or boxers guy? whites or coloured? Tight or loose? My mind was in overdrive. I wanted to text Rik to see if he'd noticed. Rik is on a relationship with an ex fuck buddy of mine and is very monogamous. I didn't text him.

The afternoon progressed and we all had a good catchup and made some new friends. We all said our goodbyes and left. 

--

It had started to rain and my car was parked just around the corner just behind the local gay sauna as it happened. I hadn't made plans for the rest of the afternoon or evening for that matter. So I thought 'why not'. I'd been there plenty of times before. It's ok. It not a patch in the saunas in London, some of those are like bath houses, large mosaic tiled walls and huge jacuzzis, one even has a pool. I've always had plenty of action in saunas. It's easy to get sex in them if you're half decent. 

This particular one does tend to be frequented by 'older' guys that sit there wanking continually hoping someone will come along and assist them. Not me. 

I walk in, have a polite conversation with the owner and wander through to the changing area. It's undergoing a makeover, it's only a few years old but a larger changing area was long overdue. 

I strip and head for the showers. I'm not bottoming today even if I get the chance. The new shower area is nice. I dry off, wrap my towel around ny waist and head upstairs. I notice the old changing room is being turned into a jacuzzi area. 

Upstairs, there's a steam room at the top is the stairs, sauna cabin to the right and dark rooms to the left. My eyes adjust to the dimmed lights and I head to the sauna. It's pitch black and I feel for a seat. I'd quickly scanned to room while the door was open and had a good idea where people were sitting. I sat down and felt a leg touching my bicep. My eyes quickly adjusted and I could see the shape of five or six guys around me. I assumed they could de me as their eyes had already adjusted. 

I couldn't make out ant features just black shapes. Slowly faces started to show, people left the cabin and as the door opened it was my chance to scan the room. The leg that was touching me belonged to a bear of a guy. In the short time the door was open we exchanged glances. My arm went up to test on his legs. I can feel his cock on my elbow. It's getting hard. I'm getting hard. The guy to my left puts his hand on my cock. I'm hard. The bear is now hard, I hold his cock in my hand, it's girth and length in my hand, I tense as I feel my cock gets warm, I look down and the guy to my left is on his knees sucking my cock. I rub my hand up the bears chest, it's hairy and my fingers untangle the fur as I move upwards towards his beard. I feel him tense up as I get to his neck, I feel his face for the first time, his ears, his hair ate all wet from the heat in the sauna. The guy servicing my cock has been joined by another guy. The door opens and a guy stands there in a towel. He sees what's going on. I get my first view of the two guys kneeling in front of me. A young looking guy in his 30s and a another bear type guy, they were kissing while one of them held my cock. The door closed and we were back in virtual darkness. 

The room was getting hot, my towel was soaked in sweat. I indicated to the guys to leave the sauna and go into the dark rooms. They agreed. 

We left the sauna giving me my first view of the three guys together. I was impressed. I had no idea what they thought of me. I wandered through to the dark rooms, I didn't look back to see if I was being followed. I found a group room that was empty. I turned around to see the three guys behind me. We threw our towels on the bench and grabbed each other's cocks. The first time we'd all seen each other in the light. This room was lit by a string of red Christmas lights intertwined into the netting that made the ceiling look lower. It was cooler in here. 

I dropped to my knees and faced three hard cocks, sucking them all one by one. They all tasted different. My favourite was the bear, thicker than the others, my hands were running over their arses, I'm joined by the bear. We take a cock each. We kiss while holding the other two cocks. I look up, they're kidding too. We stand and join them. The bear whispers "fuck me". He bent over the bench pointing his lovely arse towards me. I dropped to my knees and pushed my face into his hairy hole, my tongue plated with his hole, he was pushing back onto my face making all the right noises. I was obviously doing something right. I got his hole nice and wet. I looked back at the other two and they were getting acquainted behind us. I stood up and teased his hole with my cock, he pushed back. The other two came to join us. My cock slid in his tight hole with a groan from my bear. I slowly pushed until my cock was deep inside him. I pulled back, he came with me, leaving enough room for one of the guys to get in front. We spit roast him while the other guy got behind me and started to tongue my hole. I felt his hard cock pushing against my hole, he pushed a little harder. He was in. I found myself being thrust into the guy in front of me. Two hands gripping my hips, I could feel the girth of his shaft going in and out of me whilst thrusting my cock into the guy in front. He looked over his shoulder and gave me the look that clarified I was pleasing him. 

As I glanced around I could see we had been joined by others, four or five naked guys, all hard and willing. I pulled out to let someone else have a go. The guy fucking me, turned me around and started to kiss me, he kissed me with passion, our hands explored each other, I felt his muscular back and sides as my tongue explored his mouth my hands explored his body. His hands went down and grabbed my cock, he held it with his grip getting tight then loose making it throb. I dropped to my knees and kissed his cock, it had my smell on it, I took it in my mouth, it tasted amazing. He was ready to explode in my mouth, I felt his balls go tight just as I felt his cum hit the back of my mouth, I felt his hands on my head pushing his cock deep into my mouth. His cum was sweet, and lots of it. I stood up, he put his hands on my face and we kissed. His tongue exploring my mouth, searching for his own cum. He took me by the hand and lead me away from the group and down to the shower area. We were both showering, both still hard. I went over to him, we kissed, we were both hard again. He went down on me, taking my full length in his mouth. I was ready to explode, I told him I was going to cum, his mouth went down my shaft as if to help it along, I couldn't hold it, I shot my load deep into his mouth. We kissed, I could taste my load in his mouth. 

We showered each other and made our way to the lockers. Both still semi hard. We chat as we get dressed. We swap numbers and plan to meet again.