 1

"Phil?" my wife yelled up the stairs, the words I dreaded every Saturday morning since Spring had arrived. "Are you going to try to find my dishes today?"

"Sure babe," I replied, not looking forward to wading through all the junk in the garage, looking for some special family china in one of dozens of look-alike boxes. We said our goodbyes and she left for her twelve-hour-plus shift.

We had moved hastily to downtown Boston, to take advantage of a first-year surgical residency for Julie. I work online, and luckily we had no kids and didn't have to worry about school districts. We rented a brick townhouse within walking distance of her new job. The building was so old that I think the British had shot it up during the Revolution. As with all structures in this 'working class' neighborhood, it had been added on to and renovated several times. The backs of the houses were a jungle of small courtyards, passageways and carriage houses, all brick, and some had common roofs, separated by a breezeway beneath. Most of the alley that sat behind our house and the similar dwelling next door was hidden from view at all angles, especially because of the three-story, monolithic, windowless hospital heating plant behind us. The narrow passageway would have made a good crime scene, except that it was dead-ended by a new concrete wall on one end, and blocked by a shipping container at the other. Only our two adjacent houses had access. Weeds, an old wheelchair, boards and trash were the sole occupants, I saw through a dirty window as I began to comb through the brown cartons.

About a half hour into my search, I was startled by someone in the alley. I looked out the window and saw it was the old man from next door. I didn't know his name, and I had only had a few polite conversations with one of the young mothers in the house, Elena, whose English was heavily accented but correct and precise. I say 'one of the young mothers' because I think there were three families living there, at least eight kids, plus the grandparents.

Immigrants from Eastern Europe, they were quite loud during the day but quiet at night, and I had traded respectful nods with the young fathers, who were sometimes curbside, arguing on their cell phones and working on their taxis, apparently their livelihood.

So I look out the window and the old guy, who was gray, nearly bald, and about sixty I guess, dressed as always in polyester pants and a faded dress shirt, lit a cigarette. No big deal, I didn't blame him for wanting to escape the chaotic house full of screaming kids. Luckily the little hellions hadn't discovered the alley, apparently a locked door kept them out of his quiet space.

I was about to turn away and continue my search, when I see his hand reach down and appear to unzip his pants. Just great, I thought, he's going to add a stale piss stench to the musty smell already present in this damp area the sun never reaches.

My angle of view was from the back, more or less, and suddenly I saw his arm moving back and forth. The old guy was jerking off!

My pulse increased. Yes I'm married, but I secretly still like dicks sometimes. The urge comes and goes. I look at gay porn or videos of guys jacking it once in a while, and my wife's long hours at work were making our sex life erratic, so I felt adventurous this morning. Just about anyone would keep watching, I told myself.

I had 'experimented', as they say, in college, before I met Julie. I was drunk at a boring year-end hall party that was mostly guys. In a case of mistaken identity, I guess, a guy came over to me and said into my ear that 'his friend Hunter said I gave great blowjobs'. I didn't know anyone by that name. It may have been a ploy by him alone, or he may have been sent by someone as a practical joke. Regardless, I had enough alcohol-induced bravery that I laughed and said 'Okay'. We went up to the roof access level of the dorm's stairwell and I extracted, yanked and sucked on the guy's nice, thick six inches until he filled my mouth with jizz. I never saw that guy again, and there were no repercussions to my reputation as far as I knew. I enjoyed that adventure to the point of posting online, but chickened out on answering any of the few replies. I wished I had been sober during that first blowjob, so I could recall every detail and nuance as I thought about it when jacking my own meat sometimes.

So back to the old man, he was hammering away, and in a few minutes I saw several streams of sperm splatter onto the brick pavement. He zipped up, mashed out his cigarette with his worn black dress shoe, and left. I looked at the time, and wondered if it was a daily or weekly routine with him; I would have loved to watch him do it again. Judging by the amount of fluid he expelled, I was betting it had been at least week since he last shot a wad.

Not thirty minutes later I found the dishes Julie wanted. I repacked them with some old newspapers on top, and stuffed them back into the pile of boxes. Suddenly I wanted to spend more time in the garage. A later inspection of the outer passageway revealed quite a few cigarette butts, so his habit, at least the smoking part, was more frequent than I thought.

2

I wasn't able to escape Sunday morning, and things got busy with my job during the next week. I didn't get much time to think about the old man until Saturday morning again, when I was alone once more.

Sure enough, about ten o'clock, he appeared in the alley, lit up and began to stroke his meat once again. This time I could see everything. His cock was golden brown, with thick veins crisscrossing it and a large, uncircumcised mushroom head.

I was enjoying the show, and instinctively thought about my lips surrounding it, when it occurred to me that maybe he would let me suck it! It seemed a waste to let all that sperm just splash onto the ground. Hopefully he would at least invite me join him in jerking. I knew I had to seize this opportunity. My mind grappled with the question of how to approach the masturbating old man. I decided to 'catch' him in the act, and offer my assistance. My heart racing, I crept out of the garage, not wanting to spook him with a noise. I took a deep breath before rounding the corner, making myself visible to him. Slowly I peeked down the wall. There he was, concentrating on the task at hand, literally. My dick jolted in my pants

I took a few more steps and he looked up and saw me, about fifteen feet away. Embarrassed, he stuffed his stiff meat, at least seven inches, into his pants, and turned to leave. I whistled to get his attention, gave him a smile and a two thumbs up. I didn't bother to speak, since I doubted he spoke English. As I stepped closer and out of public view, I then pointed at my mouth, formed in an outstretched 'O', then his crotch. Only after I had revealed my intentions, did it occur to me that he may not want a male slurping on his pecker, and would tell his rough-looking housemates that I was a closet kielbasa lover. I was so nervous I could feel my ears throbbing.

The old man looked shocked, but after a couple seconds smiled, missing a few of his teeth. He apparently got my meaning and motioned me closer. His zipper was still down when I got there, dropping to my knees and sitting back on my calves to lower my mouth level with the gorgeous prick he was pulling from his gray polyester pants.

He stunk of many days of body odor, which turned me on even more. In seconds his hard cock was pointing at my face as my dick grew in my pants. I could feel my heart pounding as I raised my hand to clutch the base, and stretched my tongue to lick the head, the outer reaches of which were still covered with the foreskin.

My first sober taste of dick was salty and a great appetizer. I wanted to lick up and down the shaft, but couldn't resist just opening my jaw and impaling my throat with it. I gagged immediately and felt my nose tickled by his thick gray pubes before my reflexes audibly ejected his fat head out a couple inches, my shoulders jolting. I heard him mumble and begin to breathe heavily as I closed my lips tightly around the pulsing shaft and drew in, making my cheeks cave. I reared my head back and felt his skin slide along the engorged muscle beneath. In moments the inside of my lips collided with the rim of the broad helmet, the signal to switch directions. I was too slow to halt and the pliable lip and foreskin tissues contorting made a loud smack as the pressure released. I relaxed my jaw, again descending to impale my throat on it, but keeping my lips tight enough to drag his skin downward along the muscle. I continued this cycle, increasing the pace, noise level, and excess slobber until I had to pull up for air. Panting, I caught my breath as I licked his shaft all over, my chin dripping, pausing to kiss, tug and stretch his skin outward slightly. I suddenly wanted to do this all day. My own dick was rock hard.

One of the other regrets I had about my first blowjob was not playing with the guy's nuts. I redeemed myself here, and the hand that wasn't holding the base during my tongue worship reached beyond the zipper and encountered a hairy, severely drooping sack, but with large balls that felt great in my hand.

I had resumed my quick, head bobbing, squishy-noise, gag and suck job for less than two minutes when his hips thrust forward, he gasped, and my palate was flooded with heated, salty, creamy sperm. I refrained from swallowing immediately in order to play with it on my tongue, and some dribbled down my chin as his satisfied meat exited. I wiped the gooey strings upwards as he retreated, placing a hand on his chest, referring to himself.

"Viktor, Viktor," He said grinning, as a post blowjob-introduction, then pointed to his watch, then held up four fingers.

"Phillip," I pointed at myself, and held up my own four fingers, laced with his jizz, nodding.

Somehow, I managed to keep from jerking off the rest of the day, almost in disbelief that I had actually given another blowjob, and loved it. Of course I wandered back out to the garage about a quarter to four that afternoon. As a cover, I dragged a wheeled trash can around to make it look like I was doing work, not trolling for more dick. Soon Viktor rounded the corner, with another old guy.

Wilhelm, the new arrival, was in pet-hair covered, velour track suit pants and a tennis shirt, a little younger and heavier, with unkempt hair and a beard. He had no sooner introduced himself than had his waistband lowered, sliding a soft, reddish penis out of his briefs. Cigarettes were lit as I dropped to my knees for the second time that day, this time onto an old Celtics arena seat cushion, having planned ahead.

The new cock, surrounded by reddish brown and gray pubic hair, was quickly hard after I cradled it in my mouth and gyrated my head around, stretching the growing shaft. The feel of it swelling against my tongue was awesome. It was circumcised, shorter than Viktor's, but thicker. I played with Wilhelm's furry nuts as well, while I loudly sucked and licked his pole. I was quickly getting addicted to giving head; it just felt so damn good. Maybe I was a natural. I must have done well earlier, or the old man wouldn't have brought his buddy over as a referral. Wilhelm's hard meat was just the right length to gag me a little, but I could basically take it down to the root. Inside my jeans, my own shaft ached for release as my lips, tongue and throat kept up the sequential pressure on the thick muscle in my mouth. After less than five minutes of noisy, enthusiastic, spitty cock sucking, the newcomer grunted and also coated my tongue and gums with what seemed like a full shot glass of his thick, saline sauce. Soon they simply zipped up, stepped on a couple discount cigarette butts, and left.

With the taste of another man's semen and a few of his long pubic hairs still in my mouth, I went into the garage and promptly jerked off, shooting a huge, messy load all over the wall. I watched it drip down the bricks as I caught my breath, then moved a couple boxes in front of the splattered spot.

In the ensuing hour, after jerking off again, this time all over my lap on the living room sofa, I had some of those 'What the hell are you doing?' moments. 'You've got a cute wife who adores you and is a fucking doctor! You two will be floating in money in ten

years and you're risking that to suck cock, a cheap thrill?' Well, apparently I was; I couldn't stop.

3

The Saturday mornings with Viktor and sometimes afternoons with Wilhelm carried on, almost like clockwork, for over a month. By periodically forcing myself all the way down and staying there as long as I could stand it, I became adept at taking the length of their hard cocks fully without a single gag, okay well maybe a few. It was completely addicting, feverishly sucking these old men's pricks and licking their heavy nuts. I would need a twelve step program to stop, for sure. I had seemed to manage the logistics well. We even expanded to one or two other days of the week. Through broken English and gestures, we made up a signal that if Viktor was having a 'smoke' in the alley, he would tilt up a long rotted old board against a certain spot the wall. I could see it from my second floor work desk, and if I had no conference calls and Julie was on duty at the hospital, I would slip down and suck one or the other guy off, sometimes receiving a messy, eye-clogging facial, chuckles, and possibly Slavic language ridicule as their gloppy sperm slid down my cheeks. I had a close call when Julie came across a t-shirt with semen stains that I had forgotten to wash immediately; luckily she wrote them off as dried ice cream.

One Friday night in July, I noticed the entire clan next door loading up the two minivan taxis with inflatable rafts and suitcases, apparently leaving for a vacation. I was disappointed because Julie had gone out of town to a conference, and I was free to make as many trips to the alley to suck cock as I wanted.

Since I was alone, and the neighbors were gone, I resolved after breakfast to clean the house for real, when I happened to check outside for the secret board signal. It was there! The old man must have begged off the trip to the beach. I rushed down to the alley. Both men were crushing their cigarette butts; I had almost missed them. Vying for a more comfortable location, I motioned them toward the house, saying 'Okay, okay', and, grinning, they must have figured out that my wife was out of town. Our destination was the partially finished basement of our townhouse, where we had placed some used furniture and our old big screen TV, used only occasionally, when some of our friends would come over for a movie.

Up until this point, they had kept my alleyway oral adventures to one blowjob at a time, seemingly to maintain the appearance to their family of a double cigarette break. Suddenly faced with practically unlimited time, I wondered in which order they would like to be sucked, or maybe both at once like in a porn video.

We had barely finished descending the burrowing exterior stairs and shutting the door when the men began a serious discussion amongst themselves, shrugging. Viktor then wrapped the fingers of one hand around the middle finger of the other and slid it in and out quickly. Wilhelm tugged outward on the back waistband of my shorts and boxers, apparently looking down at my ass.

"Eh? Eh?" they asked, grinning at me.

I blushed as I realized one, or both of them wanted to butt fuck me. I was elated and to my surprise, flattered. I was also scared at the escalation and the physical demands it would make. I had been so orally fixated, I didn't even think about them fucking me. Over the years, I had shoved things up my ass sometimes while jacking, but it had been quite a while since doing so. A mental flash of those memories made me realize I needed some lube.

"Okay." I heard myself say, nodding and smiling.

My heart pounded as I jogged through my house; it was surreal thinking I was about to be butt fucked. A few minutes later I returned to the basement, KY jelly in hand. My two hairy legged guests were down to socks and shirts only, playing with their dicks. I slid my shorts and boxers off, then reached back to lube my hole. Just one finger felt invasive and uncomfortable, and I was beginning to question my quick decision to let them have me, especially in series. Reluctantly I approached the grinning, kneeling men, their hard cocks wagging in front of them. Suddenly wishing I had never started this whole blowjob thing, at their direction, I got down on all fours on the carpet between them. I was going to get it in both ends.

"Mmm," Viktor said, I assumed, in reference to my nearly hairless, 'schoolboy ass' an ex-girlfriend once called it.

I felt his hand grasp my cheek, and then I grunted as a finger slid into my sphincter, wiggled, and exited. More comments were exchanged between the two men until Wilhelm, his dancing, stiff reddish cock just out of range of my mouth, its deep pee hole staring at me, balls jiggling, attempted English, holding up a single finger.

"First? First?

He seemed to be asking if I was a virgin, at least this kind of virgin.

"Yes, yes," I replied nodding. "Virgin, first fuck in my ass."

I had to admit to myself, that despite the inevitable pain, while somewhat helpless in Viktor's clutches and feeling his hard, throbbing meat 'on deck' in my ass crack, this was all absolutely thrilling. My dick was growing in agreement. Wilhelm abandoned his post in front of me, having arisen to watch my deflowering up close.

Both men chuckled simultaneously, mocking me, parroting my reply. I felt Viktor's thighs back away from mine and knew he was lining up his cock for entry. I tried to relax my asshole. I felt his head against my flexing rim, and with an ardent shove, and an agonized outcry from me, I was no longer a virgin of any kind.

I was hyperventilating, eyes watering as every nerve around my hole and up to my diaphragm protested the sudden outward stretch. Relief came as the invader exited, but it was a false promise as he plunged right back into me. He speared me and withdrew several more times, with each repetition my grunts lessened and I got more acclimated to having a cock in my throbbing ass. My own dick was rock hard and pointed at the floor.

Soon Viktor was holding my hips tightly, mumbling and slamming away at me, his heavy sack striking me as intestinal chills spiked through my torso. I was breathing heavily, and Wilhelm saw my open mouth as an invitation for his hard dick to enter, which it did while he held the sides of my head. I did my best to breathe and properly suck on Wilhelm, but the sensations coming from my splayed rectum were overwhelming. Wilhelm's thick meat began to face fuck me at an even faster pace than his friend was maintaining. All these sensations, screaming across my nervous system, pleasure, pain, lack of oxygen, men's hands gripping my bare skin, open jaw, all fought for attention in my brain. This was just an incredible moment in my life.

The three of us were creating a cacophony of heavy breath, flesh slapping, moans, grunts, and gulping noise as I continued to take both cocks. Just as I was getting into the rhythm of servicing two horny men, I felt Viktor stop pumping and hold our pelvises together tightly as he grunted loudly, shooting in my colon, I assumed. Wilhelm hadn't missed a beat of his relentless face fuck, but pulled out to take over for his friend at pillaging my ass. I finally was able to see something besides his pubes, my only view for the last several minutes. My hole was raw and aching but my breathing improved without a cock in my throat. It was nice to have a break from the constant neck motion as well.
