 Comments, critiques and tips are welcome. 

Jeremy Stanton vs. Ryan Hicks

Heads-up: This chapter is just about their trip and the re-marking of Ryan so please don't expect too much. Wouldn't want to get crucified by readers...again. Cheers! 

Dedicated to my one and only ~J~ (I still adore you, Sexi). And to L.H. (Just picture Matt Bomer singing 'Heaven'. I did.)

Ride & Mark!

***

Ryan opened his eyes to the sweet torment of wet tongue swiping against his nipple and Bryan Adam's 'Heaven' playing in the background. Even before the last vestiges of sleep disappeared he was arching up his body, silently offering his sensitive nipples to that wicked tongue of his mate.

"Good morning," Jeremy paused long enough to murmur hotly across the wet taut flesh before resuming his torment with the erotic nibble of his teeth.

"This is better than good." Ryan breathed as his hand moved to the back of Jeremy's head. "Ahh..." He gave a loud cry when Jeremy bit down on his nipple, the sharp mix of pain and pleasure sending a jolt of desire through his body. "Don't stop." He threw his head back in pleasure as excitement sizzled through him.

Jeremy released the nipple and blew onto it, drawing a broken moan from Ryan. "I have to if I don't want to fuck up my plans." Jeremy gave a low, sexy chuckle, peppering kissed all over Ryan's chest. "We need to get out of this bed if we're going to make it to the meeting with the alphas."

"You shouldn't have started then." Ryan groaned, watching as a Jeremy raised his head to look down at him. "The other nipple feels neglected." He purred naughtily, gazing lustfully at his mate's sexy well-muscled torso. He wanted to run his hands all over Jeremy's body and feel all that vitality and power beneath his fingers. "Damn, you're fine." He whispered, making Jeremy laugh softly. 

"I promise to give this neglected one equal attention later." Jeremy chuckled, rubbing the pad of his thumb against the other nipple." Then he began to softly sing along to the chorus of the song playing;

"And baby, you're all that I want

When you're lyin' here in my arms

I'm findin' it hard to believe

We're in heaven"

Ryan stared up at his mate with shocked eyes. He'd never heard Jeremy sing before. But then, they hadn't really spent much time together. There was still a whole lot they were yet to learn about each other. Who would have thought such a badass alpha could even sing a line of a song. How much more a love song... And one that Ryan absolutely loved too.

"And love is all that I need

And I found it there in your heart

It isn't too hard to see

We're in heaven" 

"Shit..." Ryan whispered, awed.

Jeremy smirked. "Didn't think I could sing did you?" His smoldering eyes were filled with amusement. "To be truthful, I only know the chorus." He said with a sheepish look. "But I love Bryan Adam's songs. Okay, shower time." 

But Ryan slowly shook his head and rather began to softly sing along to the next verse of the song;

"Oh - once in your life you find someone

Who will turn your world around

Bring you up when you're feelin' down

Yeah - nothin' could change what you mean to me

Oh there's lots that I could say

But just hold me now

Cause our love will light the way"

Then even as Jeremy grinned delightedly, they both sang the chorus. Their eyes said it all. Intense feelings such as theirs couldn't be suppressed. With a groan, Ryan coiled his arms around Jeremy's neck and buried his face against his neck. He just wanted to stay in his mate's arms and never leave. 

"I really want to stay in bed with... You've already taken a shower." Ryan managed to sound both surprised and accusing as he breathed Jeremy in. His irresistibly sexy mate's hair was still damp from his shower, inciting a mental picture of him, naked and wet. Ryan couldn't resist taking a long lick up the side of Jeremy's neck, causing a delicious shudder to ripple through the alpha. 

"Cut that out, Ryan..." Jeremy gave a husky groan. He knew he had to take control before he gave in to the merciless need to sink deep into his sexy mate because if he started, they definitely wouldn't be leaving that bed that day. "See why I didn't wake you up to shower with me?" He growled, reaching down to adjust his erection inside his boxers. He was so hard it hurt. "We don't want to be late." 

"What time is it?" Ryan asked, allowing himself to fall back against the pillows. 

"It's five a.m." Jeremy brushed his knuckles down the side of Ryan's face. "We leave at seven." 

"That's two whole hours, Jeremy." Ryan groaned, nuzzling Jeremy's hand like a kitten. "We're already packed so we don't have anything to do. Can't we just stay in here for...why are you smiling?"

"I love you." Jeremy said quietly and watched as Ryan's whole demeanor change. He'd obviously not expected him to say that. "And I really would be grateful if you could go take that shower now."

Ryan looked floored. Wasn't it strange that a grown man like himself would go all gooey inside anytime Jeremy said those three words? He wasn't a high school kid for fuck's sake. Ryan stared at Jeremy. He couldn't seem to bring himself to respond. He hadn't forgotten that the only time he'd professed his love for Jeremy, his mate hadn't seemed as thrilled as he usually was the few times Jeremy had told him he loved him. So Ryan didn't really know how to respond this time. With a nod, he rolled out of bed and left the bed area. But he stopped at the door to the bathroom when he suddenly remembered what Jeremy had said the day he'd told him he loved him. His mate had told him that he didn't deserve his love. Ryan turned around and went back to the bed area, where Jeremy was dressing the bed with his back to him. 

Ryan pushed Jeremy onto the bed and turned him over, knowing that he wouldn't have been able to turn his hunk of a mate over if he were a mere human. He climbed onto a surprised Jeremy, straddled him and looked deep into his eyes.

"I love you too, Jeremy. And know this; no one deserves my love more than you do." Ryan's heart skipped a beat at the look of sheer vulnerability that passed across his mate's face at his words. Jeremy's eyes fluttered shut. "Look at me Jer." Ryan whispered and waited till Jeremy opened beautiful blue eyes to stare up into his. "Now, listen to me carefully. When I tell you that I love you, I mean I accept you for the person that you are, and that I do not wish to change you into someone else. I mean that I will love you and stand by you even through the worst of times. It means loving you when you're in a bad mood or too tired...or pissed..." Ryan smirked. "...to do things I want to do. It means loving you when you're down and not just when you're fun to be with. Telling you that I love you means that I know your deepest and darkest secrets but do not judge you for them. It means that I care enough to fight for what we have and that I love you enough not to let go." He tenderly rubbed his knuckles against Jeremy's cheek. "It means thinking of you, dreaming of you, wanting and needing you constantly. That is what I mean when I tell you that I love you, Jeremy. I just thought you should know." He whispered. Then he leaned down and pressed a kiss against Jeremy's mouth. "Now, I'll hit the showers." With that, Ryan got off Jeremy and headed for the bathroom. 

Jeremy didn't move from his position as he watched his mate go. And it wasn't because he didn't want to move. He just couldn't feel his limbs because they seemed to have turned to jelly. Hearing Ryan say he loved him hadn't affected him as much as hearing him say he deserved it. That had been so heart-numbingly sweet and exhilarating to hear. And it was exactly what he needed to hear, even though he hadn't known that. Jeremy felt like the luckiest man...werewolf...mate alive. What else could he ask for? His mate had just given him the world with those simple words. The alpha of alphas felt like crying but he didn't. He did however remain on the bed, in the same position Ryan had left him, till he came out of the bathroom.

"Are you okay, Jer?" Ryan called out when he saw Jeremy where he'd left him.

"I'm good." Jeremy still didn't move. "Come here for a bit Ryan."

"A moment." Ryan said, heading towards the closet. "I'm just getting my boxers and..."

"You don't need that. Come." Came Jeremy's husky voice.

Ryan's brow raised in surprise when he heard Jeremy's husky words. Was he finally going to give him that awesome cock? Well, it was about time...

*

The day before had been so busy for Jeremy that they hadn't had sex like Ryan had thought they would. When they'd gotten back to their suite from Gloria's, Jeremy had to go and meet with the elders about making Phillip the alpha of Stanwood pack. Ryan too had to go to school to work on his leave extension since he was going to be out of town on a two-week vacation. Although Ryan had not been at the meeting, Jeremy had kept him posted via their mind-link and cell phone depending on Ryan's location at any point. The elders had accepted Jeremy's proposal on condition that he would be the one to name Phillip's successor and not Phillip as the pack was supposed to be Jeremy's birthright. According to them, Jeremy's offspring would have been the ideal successor to Phillip. But since Jeremy obviously couldn't have any, he had to name a successor. They'd also insisted that although Phillip was to be at the helm of affairs, he was to consult with Jeremy and Ryan on any major happenings within the pack. When both Jeremy and Phillip agreed to their conditions, Phillip was accepted as the new alpha.

Jeremy had then moved into another meeting with all the heads of units. That had been a lengthy one because Jeremy had to first confess what he'd done and the consequences of his actions, announce his new role as AA...which thrilled the group to no end, and then announce Phillip's new role. The heads readily accepted Phillip as their alpha because they'd always respected and admired Phillip's leadership skills whenever Jeremy wasn't around. Then Jeremy had to help Phillip make some changes in the various units. People had to be shifted around and new appointments had to be made since the warriors who'd lost their lives in the battle had to be replaced. 

After that meeting, Jeremy had informed Ryan that he needed to have a talk with Paige so he was taking her outside the pack house. He'd then informed Ryan just as Ryan heard the doorbell ring, that he'd asked Clara to help him pack the stuff they would need for their trip. As he opened the door, he'd heard Jeremy advice that he should make sure Clara packed light because he planned on keeping him naked the whole time anyway. The desire that had slammed into Ryan at those words had surprised him. It amazed him how Jeremy could turn him on as easily as flipping on a light switch. And from the smirk on Clara's face, she knew exactly what was going through Ryan's body. Werewolves could smell arousal so Ryan hadn't been surprised that his friend had accurately felt his lust. And he hadn't been able to stop his blush when Clara shrugged and said in a teasing voice;

"The average man thinks about sex every twenty minutes." She drawled. "For a werewolf, it's more like seconds. And with a mate such as yours..." They'd both burst into laughter.

He'd had fun packing with Clara. By the time they were done, it was late and Jeremy wasn't back. Ryan had fallen asleep on the couch, watching TV. Jeremy must have carried him to bed when he got back. So no, he still hadn't gotten some. From the huskiness of his mate's voice, that was about to change, Ryan thought excitedly. After all, they had over an hour to kill before they hit the road.

"Hey." Ryan crawled up Jeremy's body. "Sure you're okay?"

"Never better." Jeremy muttered, rolling them so that Ryan was beneath him. "Thanks for that." He said quietly. Ryan didn't need to ask what Jeremy was talking about. "I needed to hear that."

Ryan drew Jeremy's head down for a sweet kiss. "I've never meant anything more." He murmured against Jeremy's lips, and then kissed him again till they had to come up for air. "You and Paige okay now?"

"Uh-huh." Jeremy started scattering kissed all over Ryan's face. "We understand each other." He moved down to Ryan's neck. 

"Good." Ryan moaned, arching his neck to give Jeremy better access. "Did you two end up in a club or something? 'Cause you stayed...oh god..." Ryan whimpered as Jeremy began to suck on that sensitive spot at the base of his neck. "Stayed out late..."

"We didn't go clubbing." Jeremy moved to Ryan's chest to scatter kissed all over it. "I needed her to help me find some stuff." He began to swirl the tip of his tongue around one nerve-heavy nipple until it became a pointed red nub that begged to be sucked. "I did promise to take care of this one." Jeremy breathed and then latched onto the taut flesh.

"Ahh..." Ryan's back arched, seeking more of that sweet haven. Sensations mounted within him till his body trembled, demanding more. But Jeremy moved down to his flat tummy. "Wha...what stuff did you need her...her help to find?" Jeremy began to fuck that sensitive belly button with his wet tongue. "Oh fuck..." Ryan threw his head back in delirious pleasure. He trembled in anticipation and need, knowing that his leaking cocks would be engulfed in the sweet heat of his mate's mouth soon. But contrary to what he anticipated, Jeremy rather turned him effortlessly onto his stomach. "Aw come on, Jeremy..." Ryan growled his frustration. 

With a husky chuckle, Jeremy moved up Ryan's body to lie on his back, making a conscious effort not to crush his mate. He swirled his wet tongue around the outer shell of Ryan's ear and then blew on the wet flesh, sending a delicious shiver down Ryan's spine. 

"Still trust me?" Jeremy asked huskily before capturing Ryan's earlobe into his mouth for a good suck. 

"Fuck..." Ryan trembled with pleasure. "You know I do." He breathed shakily.

"Just checking." Jeremy murmured as he began to move down Ryan's back, dropping tiny kisses along his spine.

When Jeremy got to the creamy arse that he couldn't wait to sink in, he slipped an arm under Ryan's pelvis and popped him up onto his knees so that his arse thrust high in the air, exposing that puckered hole to his hungry eyes. 

"Beautiful." Jeremy breathed, staring transfixed at his mate's twitching hole. "God, I've missed you." He groaned, the spot where the tip of his cock touched his boxer briefs getting even wetter with his precum. Jeremy wanted the sexy creamy arse in front of him so bad.

"Missed you more." Ryan whimpered. "What..." He began to ask a question but trailed off and let out a loud moan instead when he felt Jeremy's wet, rough tongue flicking over his sensitive hole. There was nothing as crazily rapturous as the feel of Jeremy's tongue on that part of his body.

Jeremy's talented tongue worked that hole so good Ryan thought he would go insane if he didn't feel Jeremy inside him soon. But from his mate's fervent groans, Ryan had a feeling he wasn't going to feel that cock anytime soon. Jeremy was obviously having a ball eating him out. He would pause to blow softly on the wet hole just to watch it twitch, and then dig right back in. Ryan couldn't suppress his cries of pleasure. 

"Fuck me Jer..." He whimpered brokenly pushing his butt into Jeremy's face. "It feels like forever since you've been inside me." He said roughly. 

"And I plan on rectifying that...soon." Jeremy bit out in a voice thick with arousal as he reached out to grab a tube of lube from the drawer. Without wasting time, Jeremy lubed up two fingers and gently fed them into Ryan's relaxed hole. 

Ryan's mouth opened in a silent scream as Jeremy's thick fingers penetrated him. Having any part of Jeremy inside him felt so good it wreaked havoc on his senses. Precum gushed out of his pulsing cocks when a third finger was added. And when he felt Jeremy brush against that nerve-rich spot inside him, he went berserk. With an impassioned cry, Ryan began to thrust back erratically against those fingers.

"I'm so close..." He gasped, feeling his balls tighten up. "Faster please, Jeremy..."

"No." Jeremy growled, gripping Ryan's hip to stop his movement. "You're not to come till I say so." 

"I can't hold it Jeremy." Ryan whimpered.

'Please Ryan.' Jeremy said softly on their mind-link. 'I don't want to use my alpha command on you so don't make me.'

"You know I can break through that command Jeremy." A panting Ryan said out loud. He actually sounded amused despite himself.

Jeremy couldn't suppress his laughter at Ryan's words and tone. "Aw shut up you cheeky smartass. Just don't come, please." 

"Or you could just fuck me...get it out of our system." Ryan murmured breathlessly. "Just a thought."

"Not now. If I start, I'm not going to let you out of this bed anytime soon."

"If you don't want me to come, why are you doing what you're doing?" Ryan groaned. 

"I want you to come whilst I'm inside you and not before." Jeremy rasped. 

"You are inside me, Jeremy." Ryan growled.

"You know what I mean, silly." Jeremy eased out his fingers, ignoring Ryan's whimper of protest. "I just want to open you up for now... and keep you opened for what's coming." 

"What's coming?" Ryan looked back over his shoulder at Jeremy who was reaching into the drawer for something. He brought out a big red contraption which had a tapered head that widened out into a bulb shape with a wide flared base which Ryan deduced was a handle. "What's that?"

"It's called a butt plug." Jeremy replied. "As the name suggests, it's supposed to..."

"I get it." Ryan couldn't stop his full body blush as he stared at the object. It was not as thick as Jeremy's cock but it was definitely big. And Jeremy wanted to push it inside him.

"Good." Jeremy watched Ryan's face, waiting to see fear or disgust or any other negative emotion. But all he saw on his mate's face, besides the obvious blush, was curiosity. "Are you...may I use...would you mind if..."

"God, it's painful listening to you trying to ask like a gentleman." Ryan muttered. "I trust you Jeremy." He said softly. "I know you won't hurt me. How do you want me? On my back or on my knees?"

Jeremy fell even harder for his mate, if that was even possible. "On your knees just as you are." He murmured huskily and promptly let out a soft laugh when Ryan playfully wiggled his arse at him. "Tell me if it hurts, okay?"

"With all that lube you pumped into me, I don't think I would even feel it."

"Ryan..."

"Alright, alright."

Jeremy gently rubbed the tip of the butt plug against Ryan's puckered hole, teasing a circle around the sensitive opening.

"Ahh...that feels so good." Ryan moaned, grasping the sheet in his fists.

"I'm going to push it in now." Jeremy rasped. "Bear down." He commanded softly and then started slipping in the plug. The slick entrance opened around the plug, blossoming like a flower. And as if he couldn't help himself, Jeremy leaned down to press a kiss against one creamy cheek. 

The alpha's aim was to drive his mate out of his mind with blissful torture on their upcoming ride. Paige had once told him how mind-blowing it was to have a butt plug in whilst sitting on a motorbike. Curious to know how true that was, Jeremy, Phillip and Stan had tried that on some of their women, and the results had been simply incredible both for the women and the men who'd had the honour of pleasuring them after the ride. With the kind of motorbike he had, and the fact that Ryan had a prostate to contend with, Jeremy knew that his mate's experience was going to be intense. To make it even more so, he'd secretly planned on teasing Ryan throughout the ride to the point of destruction, and then finally fuck his brains out on the aircraft. It was going to be some ride, Jeremy grinned as he watched Ryan's hole widen with each push. When Ryan whimpered at a point and widened his legs, Jeremy stopped pushing.
