 Hello everyone, hope all is well. I'll be continuing this story with a new chapter being posted every weeks or so until the story comes to an end. (: Please vote and leave any suggestions or comments below. (good or bad ;-p) And also, I am looking for an editor so if you're interested let me know! I hope you enjoy!! 

***** 

As I fell back onto the bed I couldn't help the moan that escaped my parted lips. And the breath that escaped my filled lungs as his defined torso began grinding between my naked tan thighs. 

Undoing his cufflinks one by one, his hands loving the beautiful sight of my thin waist. I unbutton his cotton dress shirt and let it slip off the back of his shoulders. I kiss the front his neck and across his chin. His attention diverted behind me as his hand slides down my spine and in between my hard cheeks. His middle finger sliding inside my velvet opening, I grab onto his shoulder and bite my lip though my moans as he forces his entire finger inside. Pulling his finger out of my tight ring, with his other hand rubbing through the back of my short blonde hair, he presents his clean finger to my lips. I begin sucking it into my mouth with wild abandon, sliding my tongue around and my teeth along the bottom of it giving his hand the best blowjob possible. 

I pull it out of my mouth. "Yummy..." 

"Hey Beautiful..." he calls me as he slides his thumb over my bottom lip. "Those full lips... I want them around my cock." 

His hips causing a delicious friction while rocking my toned frame with arousal and ecstasy. 

All I could think is 'My man knows exactly what he wants tonight.' 

His beard stubble scrapes the right side of my neck and it burns so good. My hands begin an adventure, roaming the wide expansion and valleys of his back and shoulders, as he takes in breath after tightened breath. I rub his hardened length through his slacks as he bites on my neck. He makes his growl of pleasure that I know so well. No words being said between either of us. 

Through the lust filled silence, I hear a familiar song playing. It's like the chords of a heartfelt melody are suddenly streaming into my consciousness. I can hear the keys of the piano, note after note flowing through my eyes. Searching for my heart, my mind recognizes the sweetest love song I have ever heard. The softest ballads giving me goosebumps on my neck, the lightest of tempos sweeping me into a deep breath. My lungs fighting to keep me sane. I feel myself losing control. I want to laugh, cry, hug, and run all at the same time. 

Run; run that's all I have ever known. From that small house in Poughkeepsie, I run. From my moving family, I run. From my chosen future, I run. This is the first time I haven't run from something this big. I hadn't even felt like this when I moved to here, to The Big Apple, with 300 dollars in my bank account. I knew I was falling for Max, and this was the first time I had ever like this, the first time I ever felt this heavy feeling on my chest, the overwhelming joy I feel deep in my gut, or the happy little backflips my stomach would make as I think about him. 

His moans bring me back to full attention. 'OH SHIT. FOCUS!' I scold myself for staring like a girl in love. 'Don't make it obvious, Riley.' I flip over on top and spread my knees as I straddle his waist. 

Looking down into his eyes I feel his hunger. I feel his hardened length between my splayed cheeks. I grab his arms from where they sit on my waist and bring them above his head, interlocking my fingers with his. I lean down and give him a light kiss and he rewards me with the roughest and hottest set of kisses. 

"Riley. What are you doing to me?" he looks up at me with closed eyes. 

I know that I'm breaking his rough exterior. I know Max has had a life of sex before me; he loves the wild type of love that you can get from boys like me. But I'm not like them and he knew that from the first day we met. When we talked for the first time it was awkward, he wouldn't look me in my eyes. I knew that I would have to be the one to be the aggressor in this situation. 

"Look into my eyes." I told him. 

He must've been startled because he looked shocked, but that look quickly melted away and was replaced with a look of understanding and a nod of approval. He eyes lifting to connect with mine, his blue eyes in now focus burning a hole into my soul. I take a deep breath and as he leans forward and lightly touches his velvet soft lips to mine. That was the beginning of Riley & Max. 

"Riley, baby..." his hand caresses my cheek as he eased me from my daydream, 

His other hand now resting on my hip, gripping it lightly as he bites his lip. And starts grinding his naked rod between my parted cheeks. 

"Riley baby... how bad do you want it?" 

I feel his precum flowing onto my hole. 

"Please Max, oh baby so bad." 

I bit my lip and lifted up until his rod was at my entrance. I lifted my hands to settle on the back of his neck. He looks me in my eyes with a desire so deep I feel like I'm going to drown in emotion. He has my heart. This beautiful man with broad shoulders, brown hair and deep green eyes has me completely wrapped around his finger. His arms are rubbing and caressing every inch of my inflamed body. The supple light from the candles left on the nightstand are leaving the softest light to dance across our bodies. Max's hand slides down my chest to rest on my stiff 8 inches that lies on his abs. His grip tightens on my rock hard 7 inch cock, the feeling so good I couldn't help the precum that oozed from the slit. 

"Well, would you look at that...? Somebody's crying for attention." He smirks as his hand slid up and down my cock. 

I nodded my head as I kept eye contact between kisses. 

"You want me, baby?" 

In an instant my heart throbbed and I moaned "yes". 

5'oclock, my ear splitting old fashioned ringtone disrupted the new morning peacefulness. I wake up in the empty bed. Max had already gone to get ready for a little early morning work. 

"Ugh" 

I groaned as I threw the covers off of my head, reached across the full size bed and pulled my phone off of my mahogany nightstand. 

"WAKE UP!" my screen read as it screamed at me to start my day. 

'I still have a little time' I set twenty more minutes and jumped back into the loving abyss of sleepiness. 

It seemed like every morning I would do this song and dance with my alarm. But I didn't care and drifted back off until it broke the silence yet again 19 minutes and 59 seconds later. 

'I guess I should get up' I thought to myself. 

'Lunch at Saviano's with Max today.' (Every Saturday afternoon, like usual) 

I hadn't even left bed and my mind was already doing happy backflips while my body lay still asleep. My head dancing with thoughts, 

"What do I wear?" "Fancy or casual?" 

And then one by one the various events over the course of this fine Saturday started to show themselves into my head like a reminder list. 

First: get breakfast and coffee. 

Second: take a nice hot shower and lather all parts. 

Third: pick a beautiful tie to wear to lunch with Max. 

Max is my boyfriend. We've been dating for almost 3 months now but we only seem to hang out on Mondays, Thursdays and Saturdays. I always noticed this weird little niche Max has for scheduling. He works four days a week and gives me the other three. 

I'm lucky to have such a sweet guy. Buying me flowers for dinners at home or giving me massages when work is just a little too stressful. The featherlike kisses he places at the nape of my neck as we sleep, or the way his heart beats faster when I lay my head on his chest. The way he tightens his arms around me as we cuddle, like we couldn't get any closer. Or the warmth I feel in my heart when I'm looking into his charming eyes. 

"Welcome to Saviano's, how are you this sunny Saturday?" I'm greeted cheerfully by the familiar blonde hostess from last weekend. 

Her accent and subtle gap remind me of the kind family my mother would visit every year in Savannah, Georgia. The warm southern hospitality you receive from the accepting section of the south is a beautiful thing. 

"I'm an awesome possum!" I give her a closed smile. 

She giggles a sweet sound "I like the way you talk." 

I throw her a bashful smile. (I don't talk much, but when I do it's always something silly or intellectual or just plain dumb.) 

"Thank you... Tara." I say as I glance at her nametag. "I have a reservation under Maxwell Alcott." 

"Well, one of your guests has already arrived. Follow me to the table." 

Following the hostess as we made our way through the maze of tables, I wondered: 

'What delicacy will Max suggest here?' And I start to think about the many great and horrible times I've take Maxwell's suggestions. 

The galleria themed restaurant with high chandeliers and big cityscape windows, the square tables and splayed out across the floor of the building. All covered in the same white chiffon clothe with red and gold placemats and antique silverware. I was never used to this, but I loved it nonetheless. What I could go for right about now were burgers at a casual place, or even better pizza at an Italian restaurant. Max was already sitting at seated at the table, clicking away at the keyboard of his phone, and as me and the hostess got closer he glanced up, waved, and stood to welcome me. 

'I love his charm' I thought as we approached our designated lunch seating. 

"Hey Beautiful..." he smiled that million dollar grin I love and placed a chaste kiss to my cheek. 

I smile at him coyly "...Hi Max" 

He took off his blazer and put it on the back of the chair, his back muscles stretching the cotton of his blue button up underneath. My lust made me lose focus as sat there smiling up at him. I look at him eyes afire with lust and can see the desire mirrored upon his face. He loves it when I act mysteriously flirty. 

He smiled and thanked Tara from brining me over, pulled my chair out and stood back. 

"Chivalrous..." I remarked to him with a blush of amazement. 

As I slid past him to sit he rubs his crotch against the seat of my pants. INSTANT BONER, and if we weren't in a crowded restaurant I would've let him bend me over and take me right then. 

He knows what he does to me because as he sits down he has one eyebrow raised in a look saying "your turn..." 

To this I choose to admit defeat. "How was work?" 

"It went well; an important contract have been a little wobbly these last few days. So I had to go in and tighten a couple screws." 

"I'm sorry, but I'm glad you're handling it. we-" 

Mid thought I'm interrupted as a figure approached our table, sliding his index finger along max's shoulders. I casually glance up and am greeted by the sight of a beautiful boy. And by beautiful, I mean drop dead. With raven black hair, deep sea blue eyes, and a single dimple in his chin. This man was something out a magazine and I couldn't help but to stare at him. He caught my eye contact and I smiled at him and he smiled back. But when he did it was a megawatt smile like he had drowned his teeth in Listerine for 10 whole years. 

Max feeling this touch, looks over his shoulder, I swoon as he makes one of his earth shattering smiles. That beautiful face alight. He stands up casually as if he and I weren't just having a conversation. 

"Hello Gorgeous..." he says to this stranger and starts unfolding a series of kisses onto these boys' lips. 

Stomach dropped, my brain lost, lungs closed, in this crowded restaurant on a Saturday afternoon watching my boyfriend kiss another guy. I hear nothing except bitter silence, my sweet song... gone. 

"Max?" my pained tone of voice broke their intimate kisses.