 Before I go any further, I would like to thank everyone who read and voted for Sweetest Sin. The story won a Reader's Choice Award for December 2015. I must admit I was pleasantly surprised :) Thanks once again and Jah bless!

Comments, critiques and tips are welcome.

Jeremy Stanton vs. Ryan Hicks

Caution - This chapter contains some violence. I thought it would be better to warn you in advance, out of deference to those with tender constitutions. Enjoy!

Dedicated to daireto (for being the first to comment on this series:))

Forcible Violation!

***

Ryan paused in the act of drawing the covers over his body and raised his head with a pounding heart when he heard the connecting door between his and Jeremy's rooms opening. He was still shaky after that intense release and was looking forward to some sleep. What did Jeremy want, Ryan asked himself. Was he going to kill him already? He sat up and stared at the opening door. He sure as hell wasn't going to make the fool's work easy for him by just rolling over and accepting whatever he had in store for him. When Jeremy entered the room, Ryan got off the bed and glared at him with fists clenched at his sides. Although gripped with terror at the sight of the man who had bitten him so painfully, Ryan still felt a sexual pull towards him which surprised him. It wasn't as intense as what he'd felt earlier in his cage though. Maybe shooting his load mere minutes earlier had been timely. What was it about the man that made him want him even after everything he'd done to him, Ryan wondered exasperatedly. 

"Take off your jeans and bend over." Jeremy ordered in a chilled tone.

Ryan gasped in shock. "What?" He didn't think he'd heard right. 

"Are you deaf?" Jeremy growled as he moved slowly towards a stunned Ryan like a predator cautiously cornering its prey. His face was hard, his body stiff, his red gaze searing Ryan with feral heat.

Ryan took in the predatory stance of the man moving towards him. He'd never seen a more dangerous-looking individual in his life. Then it hit Ryan like a thousand tons of bricks, what exactly Jeremy was after. He couldn't suppress the indignant gasp that tore out of his throat.

"Who the fuck do you..."

"Now!" Jeremy bellowed in that voice that brooked no argument. 

That tone, from an alpha, was like mind control. The recipient of such a command didn't have any choice but to obey...against his or her will. And that was exactly what happened. Ryan remembered clearly the command which had made him pee himself down in the cage earlier. Whatever that tone was, it made him want to succumb to Jeremy's demands...against his will. And just as he'd been able to shift uncontrollable although he hadn't known how, he found himself doing exactly what the red-eyed sadist was ordering him to do despite himself. Ryan had never been more terrified. 

Jeremy watched Ryan's eyes widen with fear and a touch of anger as he moved almost robotically to do his bidding with shaky fingers. But the furiously aroused Ojah, who was even angrier at the fact that the hunter had had the nerve to talk back at him, decided not to waste a second longer. He threw the tube of lube onto the bed, roughly turned Ryan to face the bed, and then yanked the jeans down to his knees. Jeremy felt his wolf's agitation to his manhandling of their mate but he ignored it. After all, he was giving the wolf what he wanted too, right? Because there was no way in hell he could sleep that night without a good sexual release. And if the only person available was the murdering hunter, he was going to use him...male or not. That was how bad his need was.

Ryan's heart threatened to beat right out of his chest when his eyes landed on the tube of lube on the bed. He didn't have to be a genius to know that the man meant to fuck him in the arse. He couldn't help but feel even more terrified as he'd never done anything like that before. Ryan had used numerous sex toys to bring himself pleasure but had never had the guts to penetrate himself with anything. So naturally, the thought of having something up his arse was damn scary. He wanted to get away from Jeremy that very moment but for some reason, couldn't go contrary to Jeremy's command. He felt as if he was standing outside his body, watching what was going on. He felt so helpless. Could it be mind control? Well, if his body couldn't resist Jeremy's command, he had a voice.

"You don't have to do this, Jeremy. Please." Ryan said shakily. "You don't even like me for goodness sake."

"I don't have to like you to want to fuck you." Jeremy growled. "Now shut up before I rip your throat out."

Ryan felt himself being bent over the edge of the bed so that his knees touched the floor. He heard the unmistakable sound of a zipper being lowered and turned to look behind him. Ryan couldn't suppress the cry of terror that tore out of his throat at what he saw. Jeremy's cock was eye-poppingly huge. It looked like a carefully crafted dildo that was usually owned but not used. His cock was that big. It was rock hard, long, wide, veiny and wet at the tip. Dread flooded Ryan's veins and his mouth instantly went dry. He was temporarily rendered speechless as his frantic brain tried to wrap itself around what was happening. But when he saw Jeremy begin to lube up, he finally found his voice.

"Do you actually expect me to allow you to destroy me with that thing?" Ryan didn't know he was actually capable of growling. He tried to get his body to move but it wouldn't. He knew he didn't have any choice but to beg and hope the monster standing behind him would see reason. "Please Jeremy." Ryan pleaded frantically. "I'm begging you. Please don't." And when he realized that Jeremy wasn't going to heed his pleas, Ryan thought about his safety. "At least use a condom please..." 

"I don't need a fucking condom." Jeremy growled as he grabbed hold of Ryan's hips. "Now shut up and take this like the bitch that you are. You should be grateful that I even lubed up. It is not for your benefit though. Much as I would love nothing better than to tear you up, I need it to be able to enter you." Jeremy rasped as he lined up his cock without actually preparing Ryan as he knew he should. "You're not to come under any circumstances. Like I said, this is not for you."

And with that, Jeremy started to push into Ryan. The pain was so bad Ryan instantly broke out in cold sweat. He didn't know which was more excruciating...the pain from the night before or what he was experiencing at that very moment. He screamed! If only he could widen his legs a bit, he would feel a little bit of relief, Ryan thought. But of course he couldn't even manage that, thanks to the jeans around his knees. Painful groans tore out of him. Just as Ryan thought he was going to pass out from all that pain, he felt Jeremy's pubes against his arse cheeks and couldn't believe the guy had actually pushed the full length of that monster inside him. Though Ryan was still in pain, he thought he could at least relax a bit before Jeremy started any movement. At that point, he was resigned to his fate. But he expected Jeremy to do the right thing and allow him to get used to having that monster inside him, before he started moving. He'd read and watched enough sex scenes to know that was the right thing to do. But Ryan should have known by then that Jeremy wasn't the kind of person who did the right thing. Jeremy didn't pause for even two seconds. He withdrew till his cock was almost out, and then slammed back in. The pain was so intense Ryan was going out of his mind. He screamed so much he was surprised nobody could hear him and come to his rescue. Just as he thought he couldn't take it any longer, he saw his fingers transform into claws and rip the sheets into shreds. Then Ryan felt his teeth begin to get longer as fur began to sprout on his arms. Then he heard it again...that command.

"Don't you dare shift." Jeremy growled in that voice only an alpha could use and which tolerated no disobedience. 

The pain had actually subsided a bit when he'd begun to transform, Ryan observed. But as he reverted to human as he'd been commanded to, he felt the full force of the pain again.

"Oh my God..." Ryan whimpered as his body shook with the force of Jeremy's forceful pounding. "Please..."

Jeremy heard the hunter pleading and heard his wolf beseeching him to go slow but he was blinded by lust and so much anger for the hunter he ignored both voices. Ryan's kind had murdered his father and brother for fuck's sake. The last thing he wanted to do was go easy on him. He wanted the man to feel pain. And from the way the man's channel was so tight, it was obvious he'd never taken anything up there before. Jeremy knew the hunter wasn't pretending at all...he was in real pain. Mission accomplished!

"Stop begging, you fool. It's pathetic." Jeremy rasped breathlessly. He felt Ryan instinctively clench up on him at his words...as if he wanted to squeeze himself into a ball and roll away. Feeling that tightening on his cock nearly undid Jeremy. "Oh fuck!" Jeremy felt his eyes shift and his fangs descend.

He wasn't surprised at all that his wolf was right there with him. The pleasure he was deriving from his mate's sweet tight channel was out of this world. Jeremy could have easily sworn on his life that he'd never experienced anything so exquisitely pleasurable in his entire life. The natural thing that occurred whenever a wolf derived that much pleasure from its mate, was the intense urge to bite them...mark them as theirs. And his wolf wanted to mark Ryan that very moment. Jeremy couldn't allow that. The hunter didn't deserve his mark as his mate. 

"Since I'm sorta stuck with you, I'm going to make sure you feel this pain every time I take you." Jeremy grunted as he plunged relentlessly in and out of Ryan. "As soon as I'm done with...oh fuck," Jeremy gasped. "...done with you, I'm going to make you shift. You'll be completely healed by the time you transform back to human form." Jeremy pressed a hand on the middle of Ryan's back and gripped his shoulder with the other and sped up his thrusts, feeling his balls tighten up...ready to blow. "The next time I take you, you're going to feel the same pain again because your hole will be back to its virgin status. And I'll enjoy ripping you apart all over again."

"What have I done to you?" Ryan whimpered shakily. "Why do you hate me so much?"

But Jeremy was too far gone in ecstasy to even hear Ryan's question. He threw his head back in utter pleasure as he plunged relentlessly and almost like a maniac into his mate, feeling his orgasm slithering along his spine. The rapturous delight he felt was so amazing it was almost euphoric. Too bad his mate wasn't enjoying it as he was. Next time, he would think twice before attempting to murder innocent people, Jeremy thought as he let out a loud growl, never pausing for even a moment in his sadistic assault.

Instead of the pain lessening as his channel got used to Jeremy's cock, Ryan realized it rather seemed to worsen. He was sure the cock inside him was actually growing in size as the man neared orgasm. Ryan simply couldn't stand it anymore. With a pitiful whimper, he passed out.

Jeremy had neither orgasmed so hard nor released so much as he did when his climax finally hit. He let out a mighty roar as he released stream after stream of cum into his mate. He couldn't seem to stop. Jeremy completely let himself go in order to feel the unadulterated bliss that had engulfed his whole being. And with that powerful euphoric release, came lightheadedness and shockingly, a sudden intense feeling of tenderness. And that was when it happened... 

Jeremy instantly snapped out of that murderous haze he'd been under since laying eyes on Ryan the night before. With an agonized groan, he staggered back, slipping out of Ryan and causing a flood of cum, tinged with red to spill out of Ryan.

"Oh fuck!" Jeremy groaned, staring at the traces of blood on his cock.

It was then that Jeremy noticed that his mate had passed out. He'd been too lost in bliss to notice that fact. He felt a sharp pang of guilt flash through his chest and gave an anguished growl. It was one thing inflicting pain as punishment, and another thing actually relishing and deriving utter pleasure whilst inflicting pain on none other than his mate. That was not acceptable. With shaky hands, Jeremy reached for some tissues and wiped the blood and cum off his cock and allowed the tissue to fall out of his nimble fingers. He'd never felt so miserable and remorseful as he felt that very moment. As he tucked himself into his pants, the door to Ryan's room burst open and a furious looking Philip filled the doorway. Jeremy gasped, instinctively shielding Ryan's body with his. It was a wolf thing to automatically want to shield a mate.

"What have you done, Jeremy?" Philip asked gruffly, slamming the door shut behind him. He'd heard his alpha's anguished growl and new his friend was no longer in his kill mode. An Ojah in a kill mode wouldn't growl in anguish no matter how badly he acted. Philip therefore knew it was safe to enter the room. He saw the still form of Ryan on the bed and felt his heart drop into his stomach. "Tell me you haven't killed him, please..." Philip's voice was barely above a whisper. He was so focused on the man on the bed that he didn't even notice the misery in his alpha's eyes. Philip concentrated hard on Ryan...he wanted to hear a heartbeat. And when he did, he gave a sigh of relief which ended in a groan when his eyes landed on the bloody tissue on the floor. Philip's eyes widened in horror. "Damnit Jeremy. You could have fought it? Fuck!" He racked his fingers through his hair in anger and frustration. "And did you really have to use your alpha command on him that much? Are you trying to fry his brain? Was that the plan? To kill him? Is that it? Fuck!" Philip smashed a fist into the wall. "You're going to regret inflicting so much pain on him, mark my words. Fuck, I'm so angry right now?" 

"Lip..." Jeremy called falteringly but Philip was too angry to even hear him.

"He told us what he was doing here. If you doubted him, why couldn't you just find out for yourself by opening up and reading his fucking mind? Is it that you're scared to know he's actually telling the truth? Because that would mean he's not a hunter and therefore you wouldn't have any other tangible excuse to hate him? About him being a guy...you should know you can't challenge Luna, Jeremy. Do you have any idea what the consequences will be? I've loved you like a brother and respected you as my Alpha. But this..." Philip shook his head sadly. "I just can't deal. This Jeremy who actually snaps and sadistically inflicts such pain is not the Jeremy I know. The Jeremy I know has better self-control. The Jeremy I know would have fought to hold on to his humanity. You allowed yourself to be controlled when you could have made an effort and snapped out of whatever haze you were under much earlier. Now look at what you've done. He's your fucking mate."

"How long have you been standing outside the door?" Jeremy asked quietly.

"Long enough." Philip snapped. "You really think I wouldn't have heard all the screams?" 

The last thing Philip had wanted to do was attract the wrath of an 'insane' alpha by barging into the room whilst he was fucking his mate. So he'd waited tensely, heard every scream, heard every uttered plea, and heard the cruel words that were uttered by Jeremy. Philip had felt so furious but helpless as he couldn't interrupt. He would have been dead already.

"Why didn't you stop me?" Jeremy's voice cracked gruffly, causing Philip to take a closer look at his alpha. For the first time since barging into the room, he noticed just how shaken Jeremy looked.

"Oh Jer..." Philip breathed, his heart going out to his friend despite himself. "You know I couldn't have. You'd turned your humanity off. You would have killed me if I'd interrupted. I know my limits." No matter how close they were, interrupting an Ojah who was in that kill state, whilst he was fucking would have ended in Philip's death. And they both knew it. "At a point, I wanted to damn the consequence and interrupt anyway but we both know that killing me wouldn't have stopped you from continuing with what you were doing." He would have died for nothing.

Jeremy nodded slowly and turned to look down at his still passed out mate. "I don't know how I'm going to fix this, Lip." Jeremy said quietly. "I just don't know."

"You'll find a way." Philip said gently. "I know you will. Maybe you should start by linking with him first. Listen to him. I'll be outside if you need me." With that, Philip left Jeremy with his still passed out mate.

Jeremy entered the bathroom and came back with a wet towel with which he began to wipe his cum off Ryan's thighs and butt. Just as he was about to turn Ryan over to enable him clean his front, he saw Ryan begin to stir and actually froze. Shit! For the first time since setting eyes on Ryan the night before, Jeremy was afraid. He heard Ryan's moan of pain and had to suppress his own groan of distress. The alpha was so terrified of what he'd done to his mate he could feel his wolf cowering inside him. He swallowed hard as he watched Ryan try to move.

"Turn over." Jeremy said softly. It wasn't a command. 

Ignoring Jeremy's words, Ryan sluggishly pushed to his feet and slowly turned around to look at Jeremy. Although disoriented and still trembling with the aftereffects of his brutal rape, he just wanted to look at the man who had caused him so much pain. Ryan was in so much shock he totally forgot about his state of undress and the fact that his dicks were exposed. And it certainly didn't even register that Jeremy's eyes were no longer red but rather, deep blue as they'd been in his dream. It didn't even click that the jeans around his knees was impeding his movement. He couldn't believe the level of pain that the man had inflicted on him. It was only when he heard Jeremy's sharp gasp, and noticed the direction of his eyes that Ryan realized what he'd done. Oh shit! But even as he quickly tried to pull up his jeans to cover himself, he heard Jeremy's whispered words...

"Oh fuck, this is freaky."

Ryan slowly straightened up, releasing his grip on his jeans. He began to shake with the myriad of emotions that were boiling within him...foremost being anger. All the pain he'd been made to go through by Jeremy, all the anger that he'd suppressed, all the bitter tears that he hadn't shed again since he'd cried in his mother's arms when Coach Chris had called him a freak at the age of nine, came together like a grenade and then exploded. 

He snapped! 

***

Jeremy watched as a change came over his mate. Ryan was trembling so much it was almost as if he was having a seizure. Tears began to slide down his cheeks. Jeremy watched Ryan's fists clench at his sides as he took a little step towards him. Unconsciously, Jeremy took a step back. For the first time in his life, Alpha Jeremy Stanton had some fear...though slightly...in the presence of a lesser wolf. 

"I've tolerated all your shit." Ryan began shakily. "I thought you had it in for me because I trespassed on your land but I'm beginning to think you probably think I've done something even worse. Why else would you treat me as cruelly as this? What is it you think I've done exactly? Killed someone? Huh? You've bitten me, thrown me into a cage, turned me into something that I didn't even know was real, humiliated me and held me in your house against my will. As if that wasn't enough, you took away my will and subjected me to a brutal fuck in the arse even though I've never ever had sex with another person in my life." Ryan tilted his head, the tears streaming down in torrents. 
