 Comments, critiques and tips are welcome. 

Jeremy Stanton vs. Ryan Hicks

Dedicated to Labeautifull

My Mate!

***

'Not bad.' Gloria's wolf chuckled when the beautiful white wolf came back with his kill...a small rabbit. 'Could have gotten something bigger though.'

'Ow come on, there are no big animals around this time and you know it.' Ryan panted as he flopped down beside the beautiful brown wolf who was his instructor. 

'Wanna bet?' Gloria asked dryly, amused at how harshly Ryan was panting.

Gloria Stanton had been training her son's mate for the past two weeks. Jeremy should have been the one to train Ryan but Ryan claimed he couldn't stand the sight of the alpha. Gloria wasn't fooled for even a second. Ryan all but drooled just from merely hearing her son's voice. She didn't understand why he couldn't just try to hate the miserable Jeremy less and accept his attentions. One would think Ryan was a soft person. Well, he'd impressed the hell out of her with his stubbornness. 

'Why don't you prove me wrong oh mighty warrior?' Ryan murmured, turning to look at Gloria's face. 

'Time?' The brown wolf stood up and stretched.

Ryan looked at the clock beside him. 'Five forty-two.' He informed Gloria who immediately sprinted away.

Ryan couldn't help but admire the grace with which the wolf moved. His respect for Jeremy's mother had skyrocketed since she started training him. The woman was a force to reckon with and Ryan had learnt so much from her. When he'd told Gloria, the morning after he was discharged from the hospital, that he planned on returning to lectures, she'd pleaded with him to wait for three more weeks...

*

"I can't do that, Gloria." Ryan had shaken his head vigorously. "I'll go insane if I go one more day without teaching. It's my life."

"I understand and you're going to go back to it." Gloria had said softly, sitting down beside Ryan on the couch. "But I just want you to heal completely, and to most importantly, learn to control your wolf, Ryan. That's very important."

"But I feel fine." Ryan had argued. "I don't think I'm going to harm..."

"Ryan, please." Gloria had pleaded. "Do this for me. You need to be in sync with your wolf, understand it, anticipate its moves and know how to get him to flow with you. Otherwise it will control you. You won't know what would make it want to come out and you won't have any clue on how to prevent it from doing exactly that. You can shift in public Ryan. And that's a serious thing because it will expose not only you, but the rest of us. Keeping what we are a secret, is paramount to ensure our existence. That's one thing that protects our kind. Humans can never know our secret. That's too great a risk."

"What about hunters? They're human aren't they?" Ryan frowned in confusion. 

"They, more than anyone, would want to keep our existence secret. Their goal is to quietly destroy anything that falls outside the norm. They don't want to create fear and panic amongst their fellow humans. What's that saying? Ignorance is bliss." 

"If I should mistakenly expose myself to a...human, what happens?"

"They have to be...taken care of." Gloria didn't bat an eye.

"You mean..."

"They can't live to tell another soul. There are rules that we live by, Ryan. Rules that were laid down thousands of years ago. It doesn't protect just us. It also protects humans from us. So we never expose ourselves."

"But that is murder." Ryan gasped.

"And that's why we never expose ourselves to humans." Gloria crossed her legs at the knee elegantly and looked intently at Ryan. "That is why I want you to be trained before you go out there. The new strength you've gained...the heightened senses...all those things have to be mastered, or you won't be able to control yourself should the urge to shift come upon you."

"Oh my God..." Ryan breathed. 

"If you mistakenly shift in the presence of humans, they will run. The wolf's instinct is to chase. You need to train that instinct down. If you don't acquire the ability to control yourself, you will attack. A trained wolf will tap into the part of themselves that's still human. You have to remain aware that everyone has a life. People you pass on the streets have hopes, dreams, fears, regrets. They have people who love them, people who rely on them. Those lives are forever changed when you kill or bite a human. You have to hold on to that. Tell yourself you don't want to disrupt someone's life by shifting and harming them. Because if you do, it will end in two things: killing or giving a human the bite. And that will be real bad."

"Why?" 

"When you become a wolf, your first instinct is to destroy. Imagine such a person going home to his or her family. What do you think he or she will do to them?"

"Kill them." Ryan whispered. "How come I didn't have that urge when I turned? I didn't attempt to attack anyone."

"Jeremy must have compelled you not to."

Ryan nodded. Another will, taken away without his knowledge or consent. Good though. "Wow, that's a lot to take it." 

"You don't want any of what I've spoken about to happen my dear. Do you understand what I'm telling you?"

Ryan nodded with a sigh. "I do."

"So will you give yourself three weeks? Please?" Gloria took hold of Ryan's hand and gently rubbed the back with her fingers. 

"I want to learn how to control this thing." Ryan said with determination. He sure as hell didn't want to be the cause of any deaths.

"Good. Jeremy will train yo..."

"No." Ryan said vehemently. "I don't want him training me, Gloria. Sorry but I can't stand the sight of your son."

"Ryan..."

"Oh and when were you going to tell me I'm his mate, Gloria?" Ryan asked heatedly. "All those nice stories about how mates were supposed to feel about each other. How they lived for each other. How blessed a wolf who found a mate was... One would have thought you would tell me I was one of the 'fortunate' few." Ryan gave the word quotations with his fingers. "Why didn't you tell me?"

"It wasn't my place to tell you." Gloria whispered with a soft exhale. 

"Oh I think I know why you couldn't tell me." Ryan gave a humourless laugh. "You couldn't tell me I was the only exception to the rule. That my mate hated me the moment he laid eyes on me. Fuck!"

"I'm sorry, Ryan." Gloria gasped, her eyes filling with sadness. "I wish what happened hadn't happened but it did. He's been so good. He's been amazingly controlled. The only times he unleashed his powers, he saved lives. Once, he saved the pack and the other time, all the alphas in the world when they were faced with a devastatingly fatal threat at a conference. And he did it with so much control. I was so proud of him. I don't know why he couldn't control himself this time." Gloria choked. "Maybe I didn't do my job well as a mother. I didn't teach him how to better control himself." Gloria eyes welled up. "He didn't ask to be an Ojah. He just was. And I did my best Ryan. I did. I guess my best wasn't good enough. I'm so sorry... So sorry you had to go through all that. I wish I..."

"It's okay, Gloria." Ryan pulled Gloria into a fierce hug. He felt so wretched for driving the woman he admired so much, to tears. "Shhh..." When he heard the connecting door between his and Jeremy's rooms opening, he was surprised. He'd thought Jeremy was out.

"Forgive me Ryan." Gloria sniffled. "I take the blame..."

"It's not your fault, Mother." Jeremy said in a hoarse voice. "I'm old enough to take responsibility for my actions. Please Mum." He hated to see his mother upset. But then his actions had caused his strong mother so much misery. "I... Fuck." Jeremy turned abruptly and left the room.

Gloria pulled out of Ryan's embrace, wiping at her eyes. "I'm sorry Ryan." She said shakily. 

"Like Jeremy said, it's not your fault." Ryan said softly. "But since you keep insisting on apologizing, maybe you can do something for me. Hopefully it will make you feel better."

Gloria laughed shakily "What do you want?"

"I want you to train me." Ryan said quietly. "I couldn't ask for a better trainer."

"Jeremy will be hurt. But it will be an honour to train you Ryan." A brilliant smile appeared on Gloria's face. "Three weeks. That's all I ask. I'll teach you everything you need to know. Then you'll be back to work."

"Thanks." Ryan smiled. "One more thing. Yesterday, I...I told Jeremy that I didn't want this mate thing. I wanted to know if there was any way we could..."

"You'll kill him, Ryan." Gloria said quietly, looking down at her hands which were visibly shaking in her lap. "If you sever the bond, his wolf will die. Jeremy will become a shell...will probably die after three months tops. But knowing my son, he will probably die that very day his wolf dies because as alpha, he shares a stronger bond with his wolf."

"Oh my God!" Ryan breathed.

"If you want to sever the bond..." The elderly woman continued in a shaky whisper. "...all you have to do is tell him that you reject him as your mate. That's it." Gloria looked up at Ryan and gave him a small, sad, tremulous smile. "Now his life is in your hands. Do whatever you feel you have to do."

"I'll never do that Gloria." Ryan gasped with emotion. "You have my word."

Gloria nodded as she got to her feet. "I won't blame you if you do. Training starts at four a.m. tomorrow. Get a good rest today. You'll need it. See you tomorrow." And with that, the elderly woman had left Ryan with a painful tightness in his chest.

He'd almost killed Jeremy.

*

Two weeks had already passed since Gloria started training him. And it had been an exciting two weeks for Ryan. He'd grown to understand and love the being within him. He especially loved it when they went for runs. The feel of the earth pounding beneath his feet when he ran was just amazing. He felt free and happy whenever he ran. And Gloria had been tolerant and great with him throughout. Within just two weeks, she'd managed to teach him almost everything there was to know about werewolves. Becoming one with his wolf made Ryan appreciate the supernatural beings better. Gloria had even taught him how to hunt for food as a wolf. And that had been so exciting. Feeling that adrenaline rush during a chase... It was unbelievably thrilling. And Ryan always laughed with amusement at how content his wolf felt whenever he made a kill. Gloria accused him once of playing with his food. But Ryan loved it when he chased after the animals he hunted, play with them a bit before he finally pounced. He sometimes let them go when he was too full but other times, he caught and shared them with Gloria. He never thought raw meat could be that delicious. Gloria had quickly pointed out that he loved the taste because he was in his wolf form.

Ryan had one major worry however. He both loved and hated his evenings. Jeremy made it a point to come to his room for a visit of sorts every evening. Ryan craved seeing the alpha, but hated it at the same time. He hated how Jeremy made him feel. Asshole or not, Ryan wanted the mouthwateringly gorgeous alpha with a ferocity he couldn't fight. But he just couldn't let go of all the pain Jeremy had put him through. Ryan just couldn't deal. As much as he looked forward to Jeremy's evening visits, he wished he didn't have to see him at all for fear of disgracing himself by letting Jeremy know just how much he wanted him. That would surely be humiliating. On most visits, Ryan remained quiet. Other times, he opened up and spoke passionately when Jeremy brought up his work. His love for his work couldn't be masked and Jeremy began to take advantage of that telling reaction and talk more about Ryan's work. Ryan didn't even notice.

Jeremy had kept their mind-links connected...and Ryan had allowed it till he'd gotten irritated with Jeremy constantly checking up on him. Whenever he was out training with Gloria, Jeremy would ask him after every ten minutes, via their link, how he was doing. Ryan sometimes responded but most times, ignored him. He could always feel Jeremy's sadness through the link when he ignored him but Ryan didn't care. At a point he'd gotten extremely irritated and asked Jeremy to get out of his head. Jeremy had done as he'd demanded without arguing. Immediately the link had been cut, Gloria had noticed because Ryan had instantly lost concentration. 

'Let's take a break.' The elderly woman had said quietly through her link with Ryan. 

Ryan had hated the pity he saw in Gloria's wolf's eye. But he didn't blame the elder because he knew he didn't just feel lost without Jeremy's link, he looked lost. How could he hate someone so much and yet want him so fiercely, Ryan asked himself for the umpteenth time. The way werewolves were wired was shitty for sure. 

So far, Gloria was the only other person he had a mind-link with. He was still trying to get the hang of it. Gloria had assured him that though it took some getting used to, he would eventually get to know how to keep his thoughts to himself even when he was linked with someone. 

He went home sometimes...with a personal chauffer and a bodyguard in tow thanks to Jeremy's instance. He never slept there though. Ryan would never admit it aloud to anyone but he loved being in the pack house. He suddenly felt so alone whenever he entered his home, which surprised him. From all the wolf-talk with Gloria, he'd come to know that wanting to be where the pack was, was a wolf thing. They always wanted to be around their own. For someone who had been a loner almost all his life, this sudden dislike for solitude shocked Ryan to no end.

'Call it.' Gloria's wolf gasped as it dropped a deer in front of Ryan.

Ryan quickly looked to his side and chuckled. 'Five forty-eight. Show off.' But the look on Ryan's face showed how impressed he was. 

'Tomorrow, you'll have to make a bigger kill.' Gloria chuckled.

'What's bigger than a deer in these woods?' Ryan scoffed. 

'You'll be surprised. Come on, let's head back.' Gloria said as she headed to where her clothes were neatly folded under a tree. 

Gloria's stuff was under a different tree so she and Ryan didn't have to see each other naked. It wasn't because the elderly woman wanted her privacy. It was rather because she'd noticed Ryan's reluctance to get naked in front of her. She'd laughingly told him that a time would come when he wouldn't care who was around. He would strip freely. Ryan sure as hell wasn't going to bet on that. 

"Looks like it's going to rain." Ryan observed as they set off from the woods. "The kill..."

"Kelvin will come for it." Gloria said, looking up. "You're right. I think it's going to rain. Don't you just love that fresh scent?" She moaned, taking a deep breath.

"I do." Ryan responded absentmindedly, with a wistful look on his face.

"Miss him?" Gloria asked softly. Jeremy had traveled to Brazil on one of his numerous business meetings. He'd been gone for two days. And Ryan wasn't taking the alpha's absence too well.

"You know I do." Ryan sighed. It was sickening how often he thought about the man and how badly he was missing him. "I'm so used to seeing and talking to him every evening that not seeing him for two days feels like a lifetime."

"You don't talk to him every evening Ryan." Gloria scoffed. 

"You know what I mean." Ryan laughed.

"I know." Gloria chuckled. Just being in the presence of one's mate was enough for the soul. "He'll be back tonight."

"I know. He called to say he'll get home around eleven p.m." Ryan sighed. 

Gloria smiled at how Ryan referred to her son's home as home. "I bet you can't wait to see him." Gloria teased. "You have about five hours to go."

"I'm going to get some sleep. I'm too full."

"See you tomorrow, darling." Gloria said, pulling Ryan's face closer to kiss him on each cheek. "Call me if you need to talk."

"I will. Thanks." Ryan said and hurried towards Jeremy's mansion.

At the huge glamorous foyer, which looked like a hotel's lobby, Ryan waved at Clara, the pretty red-head who always engaged him in conversation whenever they met. He thought she was smart and witty and he liked her.

"Hey Ryan." Clara called out with her usual charming smile. "You're back early today."

"Looks like it's going to rain."

Clara looked outside. "Oh right. That's some great weather. I'd better go get into bed for some cuddles, you know what I mean?" She drawled naughtily, making Ryan laugh.

"Well, good for..." But Ryan trailed off as his head suddenly snapped up. That scent... that unique scent that only his mate had. He did a quick scan of the foyer with his eyes but didn't see Jeremy. "Ahh... I've gotta go Clara." Ryan said distractedly. "See you in the morning." He made a beeline for the elevator, groaning when the scent grew stronger. 

Just as Ryan rounded a corner and got to the elevator, it begun to slide shut but not before he saw its occupants. Jeremy, Philip and Stan were standing inside, laughing uproariously at something. When the elevator door suddenly started reopening, Ryan just stared at it with bated breath, dying to catch another glimpse of the face he'd missed so much. And when he did, he couldn't stop the shiver of desire that shot through him. Jeremy looked absolutely gorgeous in his beautifully tailored three-piece suit. And when the smoking hot alpha beckoned Ryan with a crook of his finger, he almost drooled. He moved as if he were in a trance... right into Jeremy's open arms, sighing with contentment when he felt his mate's arms wrap around him. God, he loved the feel of Jeremy's hard body against his. He buried his face against Jeremy's neck and cuddled up tightly to his hard body, breathing him in deeply as the elevator began its ascent. Ryan could hear the three friends talking but couldn't have repeated what they said even if his life had depended on it because he just wasn't listening. All he wanted was to feel, smell and soak in his mate.

When the elevator doors opened on the twelfth floor, Ryan reluctantly stepped away from Jeremy. "Hey guys." He said to Phillip and Stan, and then stepped out.

"How's the training going with Mama G, Prof?" Philip asked as they all stepped out after Ryan.

"Loving it, Philip." Ryan grinned. "It's great."

"You better learn everything she teaches you very well." Stan chuckled. "'Cause as head warrior, I'll have to say whether you're a good fighter or not."

"Dude, she's not teaching me how to be Mike Tyson or anything like that." Ryan retorted with laughter in his voice.

"Wanna bet?" Stan retorted smoothly. "You'll be amazed to know the importance of what she's teaching you now. Has she mentioned anything about being...smart?" And at Ryan's surprised nod, Stan chuckled. "And you think she's not teaching you how to fight. All you need in combat is to be smart. You're learning from the best. Store whatever she tells you in here." He tapped a finger against his head. And get ready to fight me when she's done."

"Why don't you fight someone your own size, Stan?" Ryan chuckled, swiping his keycard. "I'm not a fighter."

"What are you?" Stan couldn't let that go. "A lover?"

"I knew he would ask that." Philip groaned, turning to glare at his friend. 

"Put a sock in it Stan." Jeremy growled as he watched his mate's neck turn pink with colour.

Ryan stared at Jeremy who stared right back. Neither needed words. Their hunger for each other clearly blazed in their eyes. "See you guys later." Ryan croaked and then quickly entered his room.

"Oooh... Is it just me or is this place on fire?" Stan drawled, fanning himself with his hand. Philip burst into laughter.

"Fuck you, Stanislav." Jeremy muttered as he turned towards his suite, followed by a now scowling Stan and a hysterically laughing Philip. The alpha couldn't suppress his amused chuckle. They always referred to Stan as Stanislav whenever they wanted to tease him. 
