 Comments, critiques and tips are welcome. 

Jeremy Stanton vs. Ryan Hicks 

Dedicated to Caty P and all fans of J&R. Thanks for coming on this journey with me. Cheers!

Perfect New Life!

***

'Oh my god...' Jeremy's wolf panted as he crawled over Ryan's wolf. 'Ryan?' The alpha wolf tried to catch his breath as he nuzzled his mate's face. The wolf gave a tiny growl when he realized that his mate was actually fast asleep. 'You must be shitting me.' Jeremy muttered as he slumped beside his passed out mate and snuggled closer, his body still quivering from delicious aftershocks.

They were in the forest on the beautiful Quain Islands. They'd gone for a run after Jeremy had finally managed to convince his mate to leave their bed. For the five days that they'd been on the Island, they were virtually always in bed with Jeremy deep inside Ryan. Ryan wouldn't have it any other way. Even when they went for walks, they didn't explore as much as Jeremy would have expected a zoology professor to because they always ended up fucking like bunnies. It was almost as if the Island and especially its forest, brought out the savage lust within them. Sometimes they would fuck against a tree, or on the ground, at times in the beautiful lake, and other times under the cascading waterfall. His mate didn't seem to want anything else apart from his cock. Ryan was insatiable. 

Although Jeremy was used to his mate's excessive sexual demands, he'd still been caught off guard that day. They'd been running in their wolf form, happily forging through the foliage, loving the smell of nature all around them. Then the beautiful white wolf had suddenly turned in the direction of the big red alpha wolf and tackled him to the ground. 

'Cut it out Ryan.' The alpha had laughed delightedly, rolling around with his mate. Then suddenly, Ryan's wolf had let out a lustful howl. The delicious pheromones that suddenly sprung from his mate was not something Jeremy could fight or ignore. It was like a force, filling Jeremy with an intense carnal lust that was too powerful for him to contain. 'Ryan...'

'I want you.' Ryan had whimpered. 'Now...'

And Jeremy hadn't been able to control himself. If had felt as if he would combust if he didn't take his mate right that very instant. Neither wolf bothered changing form. And for the very first time, Jeremy had taken his mate in their most animalistic form. He'd fucked his beautiful white wolf with a violent, primal hunger that only an animal possessed. The savagery, intensity and pure pleasure had been so overwhelming the alpha and his mate had gone at it for hours. They just couldn't get enough of each other. Their lustful growls and howls carried throughout the forest and even as far as the chalets where the few werewolves on the Island were. Jeremy couldn't think of any other word to describe their raw encounter besides, phenomenal. The alpha wolf had never experienced anything so wild and wonderful in his life. He felt so contented but understandably drained. Jeremy wasn't surprised that Ryan had dropped off. That had been off the fucking charts.

But Jeremy was confused. He didn't know what to think. Yes, he knew he was a great fuck. Women had been telling him just how amazing he was in bed, since he was just a teen. He knew how his mate enjoyed their sexual encounters. Yes, their very first time had been terrible, thanks to him but he'd redeemed himself impressively if Ryan's reaction to their sexcapades was anything to go by. What Jeremy couldn't understand, however, was the almost crazed craving his mate suddenly seemed to have for sex. Jeremy believed it had started on the ride to the alphas' meeting five days earlier. But he blamed that initial craving on the butt plug...and himself. It was understandable for Ryan to be horny with all those sensations brought on by the vibrating motorbike against his plug-filled arse. What surprised Jeremy was that although the plug had been out during their flight to the Island...and he'd fucked Ryan before they'd taken off, his mate had still been so aroused, he'd had to engage the cruise control at a point during their short flight, to fuck Ryan hard and fast to a quick climax before they'd gotten to the Island. 

As if that wasn't strange enough, when they'd finally gotten to the Island, Ryan had neither expressed any excitement for finally being on the famous Island he'd heard so much about, nor had he expressed interest in exploring the place as Jeremy thought he would. His mate just wanted to have sex. He hadn't even been patient long enough for Jeremy to greet the staff. Ryan just wanted him in bed. Jeremy had only managed to call Phillip to inform him that they'd gotten to the Island safely, and to instruct him to get ready for the search for his mate as soon as they got back home, before he was dragged into bed. Jeremy enjoyed all the sexy time. Hell, who wouldn't? Ryan was dynamite in bed. But he couldn't help but be worried that something was not right. For one, he couldn't help but rise up to the occasion no matter where they were, or how many times Ryan demanded sex. Sometimes he felt drained and tired but all he had to do was get a whiff of that unique scent on Ryan that seemed to be getting more and more potent by the day. Then almost as if he was being controlled by a wireless remote, he was ready to go. He'd always gotten off on his mate's unique scent. But that particular scent that had started to emanate from Ryan in the past few days, never failed to make Jeremy's mouth water and cock harden to the point of pain. The feeling was just insanely mind-boggling. Jeremy couldn't say no to Ryan even if he wanted to. He remembered the strange event that had occurred two days earlier...

Jeremy had been in the shed, talking to the Nash, the werewolf who managed the Island. He was a tall, muscular man whose pleasant and friendly nature belied his intimidating appearance. Nash was one of the nicest and principled people that Jeremy knew. He'd wanted to speak with Jeremy about a weird situation that seemed to have cropped up on the Island. To enable Jeremy and Ryan have some freedom on the Island, the human staff had been given two weeks off, leaving about twenty staff who were all werewolves. But suddenly, the males amongst the remaining staff seemed to be coming down with an ailment of sorts. Out of the eight males, six had to be given some time off. Nash told Jeremy with an amused look that the ailment seemed almost sexual in nature. He'd added that surprisingly, the affected guys seemed alright once they left the Island. Nash told Jeremy that he suspected that something in the atmosphere on the Island was causing it because even he felt it sometimes. He said it had started around the time his AA and his mate had arrived. He believed he was probably not too affected because he'd been very busy. 

As Nash was talking, Ryan had entered the shed and headed straight for Jeremy. Nash had his back to Ryan but he'd paused midsentence to sniff the air. Then he'd suddenly let out a lustful growl, his eye turning amber instantly. Jeremy had been surprised at the manager's reaction but had turned to focus on his sexy mate as he drew closer to them. And that was when Nash turned to look behind him. The next thing Jeremy knew, the manager had shifted into his wolf and had begun to howl at Ryan in a way that a male would howl to make their sexual interest known to a female. 

"What the fuck?" Jeremy had growled as his claws had instantly extended. He was ready to kill the man who dared lust after his mate right in front of him. 

But Ryan had calmly reached out and touched Nash's head, and then muttered softly, "sleep". The wolf had instantly flopped down in a deep sleep. "Your manager is gay." Ryan had murmured as he went on his toes before Jeremy and began to lick at his lips.

"No, he's not." Jeremy had growled against Ryan's nibbling mouth. "He's mated with kids." 

"Really?" Ryan's eyebrow had shot up in surprise. He'd seen the manager only once. And that was the first day they'd landed on the Island. Besides the fact that he and Jeremy occupied the Villa, which stood apart from the chalets, he'd spent almost all his time in their room getting cocked by Jeremy. He therefore didn't know much about the staff. "Forget about him." Ryan had purred, his fingers busy at Jeremy's zipper. "I need you."

"Ryan..." 

"Please..."

"Baby..." Jeremy had breathed, melting inside at how sweetly his mate pleaded. He always loved it whenever Ryan pleaded so sexily. That time was no different. Even though he'd still been confused and more than a little angry at Nash's behaviour, he'd succumbed to his mate's demand. After all, he couldn't have possibly ignored the fact that his cock had thickened and lengthened in anticipation of plunging into that sweet heaven only he could enjoy. And somehow, a part of him wanted desperately to claim Ryan...show Nash that he was his and unavailable. "Get me ready." He'd instructed huskily.

And right there beside the sleeping wolf, Ryan had gone down on his knees, taken Jeremy into his mouth and sucked him till he was slick and ready. Then Ryan had stripped as if they were alone, bent over the huge mahogany table in the shed, and allowed Jeremy to fuck him till their cries of pleasure filled the shed. That had been one of Jeremy's most enjoyable fucks. Afterwards, he'd thought that he'd probably enjoyed it so much because unconsciously, he was staking his claim on his mate in front of the male who had dared shown interest in him. The fact that the male in question was fast asleep didn't really matter.

The huge, red, alpha wolf shook his head at the memory. He couldn't help but wonder about his mate's odd behaviour. That was so unlike Ryan. The Ryan he knew would never have nonchalantly initiated sex in the presence of another. What the fuck was going on? Jeremy made a mental note to call Dr. Sanders immediately after they got back to their Villa. Maybe his resident sorcerer or even Deloris could fly out to the Island with Dr. Sanders and check Ryan out. Content with the resolution made, Jeremy's wolf cuddled closer to his beautiful white wolf with the intention of going to sleep too. God knew he needed it. But just as he got comfortable, he heard the unmistakable rumble of thunder, a signal that it was about to rain. They had to get back to the Villa before the rains started.

'Ryan?' The alpha wolf shook his mate gently. 'Wake up baby. We have to go.'

The white wolf stretched and opened his eyes slightly. 'How long was I asleep?' Ryan murmured, cuddling closer to Jeremy.

'Not long.' Jeremy's long tongue flicked across his mate's face. 'But it's going to rain so we have to go.' Jeremy stood up.

'Hmmm...I love it here.' Ryan groaned. 'Didn't you say something about a cave?'

'Now he wants to see the cave.' Jeremy muttered. 'Thought you weren't interested in exploring the Island.'

'I never said that.' Ryan countered. 'I'm just more interested in exploring you, that's all. And can you please do your arguing from down here?' Ryan said with a naughty come-hither look, tapping his shoulder.

'We have to get to the cave before the rains start, Ryan.' 

'In a moment darling.' And at Jeremy's exasperated groan he added, 'Hey you just destroyed my arse with all that knotting. I need to feel my legs before I move.'

'Oh baby...' Jeremy flopped down beside Ryan with eyes filled with worry. 'Did I hurt...' 

'In the very best way possible.' Ryan cuddled closer to his mate. 'Jesus, you know how to work that cock in whatever form.' He moaned, making Jeremy huff out a laugh despite himself. 

'We need to talk Ryan.' Jeremy said quietly when he quieted down. 

'Sounds serious.' Ryan said, letting out a noisy yawn. 'Alright let's go to the cave.' 

'Good.' Jeremy stood and led the way. 

When they got to the entrance of the cave, the big red wolf pressed his paw into the imprint of a paw in the stone wall. The metal door at the entrance opened to reveal a big but very cozy cave. The lights came on automatically.

'Wow...' Ryan's wolf breathed, gobsmacked at the sheer elegance of the cave. He'd definitely not expected a cave in a forest to be that posh.

Everything in the room was designed in a cool green, red and grey. The thick, plush, green rug covering the floor was obviously to give wolves that entered the cave a comfortable place to relax. There was a beautifully dressed bed and a comfortable looking red couch that were obviously to give comfort to those in human form. The red duvet over a soft green quilted bedspread on the bed was absolutely lovely. The natural plants and flowers in the cave gave it an outdoor feel, with the contrasting grey stone walls bringing all the colours together beautifully. The kicker for Ryan, was the cute red fridge and the small bar area. It was just fantastic. 

On one side of the walls were paintings of nature, and on the other side, a collage of pictures. Ryan rightly guessed that those were pictures of Jeremy and his family. Even as the white wolf moved closer to the pictures, he shifted into his human form. He couldn't help the smile that tugged at his lips when he saw pictures of a young Jeremy.

"Even as a kid, you were fine. Damn." Ryan muttered, making Jeremy laugh. "Is that your dad?" Ryan asked, staring at the picture of a blue-eyed blonde hunk of a man. 

"Yep." Jeremy answered as he lighted the fire in the fireplace. "He was one fun-loving guy." A very naked Jeremy slipped his arms around Ryan from behind. 

"Nothing like you." Ryan muttered.

"Really?" Jeremy sounded surprised.

"You're too serious baby. But I love you just the way you are." He patted Jeremy's hand patronizingly with mock innocence. 

"I can't believe this." Jeremy gushed.

"Try and believe it. Mum hasn't changed." Ryan observed. "Still as beautiful as ever. Is that your..."

"Kid brother." Jeremy said quietly. 

"He was a handsome little boy. How old was he?"

"He was only five when they..." Jeremy trailed off.

"Sorry." Ryan said softly, still staring at the picture of Jeremy's brother. There was something familiar about the boy. But then he knew his mother and brother so it wasn't strange to feel that way.

"Mum and dad used to fight over us all the time." Jeremy said quietly. "I had more of mum's colour but dad's blue eyes."

"Which I absolutely love." Ryan said, drawing a chuckle from Jeremy.

"And Travis looked more like dad. He had the blonde hair, blue eyes, and a lovely colour that someone who didn't know his mother was black, would think was a tan. Dad called him his twin."

"Were you close in age?" Ryan kept staring at the boy. He couldn't shake off the niggling feeling that he'd seen the boy before.

"No, I wouldn't say that." Jeremy chuckled. "I was ten years older than him. But I adored him. We were always together, playing, being naughty... I was his hero. But that day..."

"How did it happen?" Ryan asked quietly.

"The hunters ambushed them. Dad didn't show any signs of struggle. He wasn't given the chance to fight for his life like the true alpha he was. It was almost as if he didn't even see or sense the enemy at all. Which is very strange. But for the silver bullets that were found inside him...which hunters usually use, we wouldn't have even known they were killed by hunters. There were no traces, no footprints, nothing."

"Shit." Ryan breathed.

"We were to go for a walk that evening like we always did when dad wasn't busy." Jeremy swallowed hard. "Just the two of us and Dad. Travis loved sitting on dad's shoulder for those walks. He said he could see further than dad and I because from his perch, he was the tallest." Jeremy gave a wistful laugh. "We would sing on top of our voices and pretend to be soldiers marching through the woods. That day I didn't go with them because Paige broke her arm. She wouldn't allow the doctors to touch her. After a lot of talk, she had demanded that Phillip, Stan and I sit by her whilst the doctor set her arm or she wouldn't allow it. She's always been feisty and bossy?" Jeremy said to create humour but neither of them even cracked a smile. It had started pouring outside. "Dad said I should stay with my friend. Travis insisted I come along but dad explained to both of us that, when a friend needed you, you had to be there for them. He said there would be lots of walks. But I would never be able to make it up to Paige if I didn't show I cared for her when she needed me."

"She saved your life." Ryan whispered, and felt Jeremy shrug.

"Depends on how you look at it. I could have helped my dad and brother if I'd been with them."

"How old were you then? Fifteen, right?" Ryan shook his head slowly. "What could you have possibly done? Those murdering hunters obviously knew your routine. They laid in wait and attacked. Even your dad couldn't escape or defeat them. What makes you think you could have?"

"I'm an Ojah, remember?" Jeremy growled. "I would have saved them or died trying."

"Whoever planned it was meticulous, Jer. You would have died too because like your dad, you wouldn't have known what was about to happen."

"I would have gladly died with them." Jeremy whispered.

"Don't say that." Ryan couldn't stop the shiver of terror that passed through him at Jeremy's words. He couldn't even stand the thought of Jeremy dying. "That would have killed mum for sure. Everything happens for a reason."

"I just want to scream and destroy something whenever I think of the pain that little boy must have gone through. When they found dad, Travis wasn't with him. His tattered clothes, soaked with his blood were found beside dad. It was believed that a wild animal must have fed on his body. God..."

Ryan turned within Jeremy's arms and hugged him tightly. He could feel Jeremy trembling with emotion in his arms and felt like crying for those lives. Especially the life of that innocent boy. He would have been twenty-one if he had been alive. Now he understood why Jeremy hated hunters so much. 

"Come on." Ryan drew Jeremy to the inviting bed and urged him into it. "Are you okay?" He asked as he pulled the covers over their bodies.

"I'm good. I can rave and rant till the end of time, they're not going to come back." Jeremy sighed. "Thanks for listening." He closed the distance between them and softly kissed Ryan. They would be better off dwelling on the present because the thought of what he'd lost was still too bitter a pill to swallow, Jeremy thought sadly. "Ready for what I wanted to talk to you about?" He murmured against Ryan's lips and then moaned when Ryan captured his mouth for a deeper, hotter, spine-tingling kiss.

"Can it wait?" Ryan breathed in between kisses. "I want you, Jeremy." A longer kiss. "We can have that talk after." He whimpered, rubbing his leaking, rock hard cocks against Jeremy. "Right now, I need this..."

"We really need to talk, Ryan..." But even as Jeremy groaned in protest, he was moving to cover Ryan's body with his.

The two didn't speak again till morning.

***

Ryan stared at his mate, the expression on his face a cross between amusement, confusion and the usual lust. 

"You really think there's something wrong with me?" Ryan asked, rolling to lie on top of Jeremy. 

"Don't you?" Jeremy's arms automatically moved up to wrap around Ryan's waist as he stared up at his gorgeous face through the sexy, mirrored, aviator shades covering his eyes.

They were lying by the pool, enjoying the sun after the heavy downpour that had lasted throughout the night. Both men were in swim trunks, which were so wet the outline of the cocks would have been seen by anyone close enough.

"So now there's something wrong with me because I lust after my mate. Interesting." Ryan said as he slid down till his cocks rubbed against Jeremy's through their wet trunks, and then began a slow grind.
