 This is my first ever submission, it is a fiction with elements taken from my real life. I will be grateful for any feedback but please be encouraging though... I'd love to write more and it's taken quite a lot of courage for me to put this out there in the first place.

Thanks.

************

I sat listening to Charlie excitedly tell me about the ballet that was coming to town, his enthusiasm was palpable and it was clear that my boyfriend was going to expect us to go... so I'm a good boyfriend I'll go. Not to put too finer point on it, I fucken hate ballet, and opera etc, I'm much more interested in a comedian or rock concert, or dinner and movie, but I never say no to Charlie, otherwise the pouting will make my life a nightmare. 

I guess you could say I was in an unhappy relationship. Everything on the surface says it should be fine, for the most part Charlie was my best friend, we were a great team and all my family loved him. On paper he was good, honest, reliable, sweet, kind, giving, trusting and faithful, so why didn't I love him? 

Well the answer is horrible but simple, when I met Charlie I was lonely and depressed, so I overlooked the completely non-existent physical connection, because only shallow people base their relationship on sex right? 

Right? 

Well the truth is while sex is not everything and it's not enough on its own, it is an important part and can destroy things if it's not there at all. 

But I loved Charlie and the last thing I wanted to do was hurt him, so I allowed myself to continue lying to him and going through the motions that my love, was that kind of love and not the kind you have for your best friend. 

As Charlie prattled on about his ballet I dutifully cooked his dinner, smiling and interjecting comments where appropriate. The excitement continued right through dinner, I think he was trying to argue me into liking ballet even though I had already agreed to go. 

Whilst watching TV he got online and got the tickets and I feigned excitement like I always do. It was just another day in our household. Finally it was bed time he gave me his dutiful peck on the lips, and we headed to our own rooms. Sleeping together was put aside years ago when there was no physical connection and the practicality of two snoring men got in the way. Every day we would wake up early, go to work, a little hug goodbye have a good day and then home to talk about the day or bitch about it as the case may be, dinner, TV, shower, bed, rinse, repeat...

Having put on a lot of weight (maybe eating my feelings?) I had started swimming every day a year ago and I was starting to see results, my arms were stronger, shoulders more defined, and I felt happier than I had in a long time. It was becoming the highlight of my day, where I lost myself in my thoughts and processed all my plans in my head, work, unhappiness, life, death by ballet, my friends and their dramas and real problems that hurt my heart, all of it and I loved it, it helped me keep my sanity and the time would fly by. 

On this particular day with new swimming goggles, and new trunks, white ones that I later discovered hid very little when wet, I had powered through my laps and as I reached the end of my last lap I looked up to see the cutest man I'd ever seen. At a quick glance he was lean but defined and a little furry, he had some muscles in the right places and his tight speedos suggested that while he wasn't packing a cucumber quite like mine, there was still something very tasty to snack on, so I quietly 'woofed' under my breath and moved towards the ladder to get out of the pool. 

Now I'm a big Bear, 6'2", muscular, hairy chest, bald, green eyes, a dark beard with a few grey streaks which I am very proud of and 8 inches of thick uncut cock, but my big belly kept me from thinking I was hot, or a catch, so I wasn't about to get shy around some strange, probably straight cub, I mean he wouldn't look at me anyway. So I simply walked my dripping self to my towel grabbed my things and turned towards him in order to head out of the pool area. 

It was at that moment that the cub slipped or tripped, I'm not sure which, and I tried to catch hold of him, but the angles were wrong and the tiles slippery, so rather than helping him we both just ended up in the pool, towels and all. Wiping away the water from my eyes I saw him staring at me horrified at what he'd done and I couldn't help but burst into laughter. He soon lightened up and laughed with me. 

"Last time I help a falling stranger" I giggled and headed back to the ladder. The cub followed me, maybe a little too closely? Ah wishful thinking. 

"Let me get you a new towel please, reception sells them, I'll pay," he said rushing towards the door, "wait here".

So I happily stood and watched him rush to the door, the backs of his legs were a bit furry too, running up to those wonderful speedo's suggesting that the firm melons that were fighting for release from their lycra jail might also be furry... I shivered as I smiled, so putting aside my lust I decided to wait in the hot tub.

After I settled I looked up to see the cub rushing back with the towels, "thank you kind sir" I said looking him straight in the eyes, he smiled and blushed a little, I noticed his own shivers and suggested he warm up in the hot tub. There was honestly no evil motivation, I still didn't twig that the cub might even be gay and was just concerned for his well-being. So when he got in and sat a little too close, it wasn't until his leg brushed mine that I realised the cub was interested. 

It was my turn now to turn bright red, I was embarrassed and happy that such a thing could happen but unable to do more than make an excuse and get out of the tub. As I left the swimming area and headed to the lockers I took one last glance at the cub... the look of disappointment on his face was not hidden in any way. 

That night after listening to the excited ballet prattle and getting my dutiful kiss I quietly closed the door to my room, climbing into bed naked I couldn't help but think of the cub.

The thought that he could be into me, even though I am not a cheater, was so nice for my ego, in my head I started to run my eyes all over his body, my hand automatically reached for my manhood and began stroking.

I thought about his sweet face, framed with a cute goatee and jet black facial hair, his eyebrows that could probably convince anyone to forgive him when he did that puss-in-boots face that I saw as I left the pool.

My fat cock now rock hard was starting to leak precum as I used my foreskin to aid long strokes with a tight grip and continued to fantasize about the cub. His skin a lovely tan, he had to be Spanish, or maybe Argentine? I didn't hear an accent, but it must be the in the family. His chest, with just a little fur, his lovely strong shoulders and arm with a tribal tattoo on it, the way his fuzzy pecks lead into a trail that dragged your eyes to the top of his speedos, tiny little speedos, hiding everything but displaying it all at the same time, and then his peachy behind... it must be peachy I decided, at least in my fantasy.

My strokes sped up and I let out a stunted moan, fearing being heard jacking off. My other hand ran over my furry chest tweaking my nipples, in my dreams it was the cub, as he sat on my big cock and rode me with deep a hard motion. 

It only took a few more seconds before I shot a big thick white load all up my tummy and chest. But as I cleaned up I chastised myself for fantasizing about the cub, I had a monogamous boyfriend, what was I doing? 

Thankfully it didn't take long before I drifted into a deep sleep.

************

I was so excited to start working at the gym, having moved to New Zealand from Argentina a year ago I had had several very average jobs, and to finally get into my area of expertise as an instructor was just thrilling.

Every day I had come in early and stayed late, I made every effort for my gym junky students and they seemed to be responding well, they had been saying very kind things to my boss and all was on the up. The atmosphere at the gym was really great, a wide mix of people, all ages, races and sizes. From beginner to muscle Mary, it seemed everyone was kind and supported each other, and the same feeling extended amongst the staff.

I'd only been there one week when I noticed about the sexiest bear I had ever seen coming each day for about an hour. Every time he would head upstairs to the changing room, I would surreptitiously make sure I was on the gym floor hoping to see him come back down, but he never did, and I started to get curious. So I hung out at reception just around the corner and waited for him to arrive one Monday.

As he used his tag to sign in Estelle cheerily greeted him "Hi James, how are ya?" 

I saw him flash her about the sexiest smile. "I'm fucken awesome mate" he said making us both giggle, "I got my skinny jeans back on today!"

I peered through the window, those aren't skinny jeans I thought, then I realised he just meant he got into a smaller size.

The receptionist high fived him and said "you go boy!" and they laughed as he headed upstairs. My knees were melting, I had no idea if this guy was even gay but Oh-My-God. I took a breath and wandered up to Estelle. "He seems nice" I said sheepishly.

"Oh yeah, James is fab, the guy has lost a lot of weight, he swims most every day and he is just really nice... I've not seen a ring on his finger either you know?" she smiled at me and winked, even though she had seen straight through my enquiry and made me blush I realised this girl was going to be my friend for sure.

"Well I think I need to take a swim one of these days" I said winking at her, and she giggled.

Two days later I summoned up the courage, I'd spent an hour the night before trying on different swim wear, I wanted to be sexy, but not slutty, eye catching but not trying too hard, so had settled on a pair of speedos. I had organised to have some time off during the right hours and had everything lined up or so I thought.

But then my last session ran long and it seemed everything started to conspire against me, so by the time I got upstairs to get changed I was relieved to see the bear still swimming. Moving quickly I got changed, grabbed my towel and headed into the pool area.

When I finally walked by the end of the pool with intent to get in and swim, I realised the bear seemed to be finishing up, disappointment and regret were distracting me so much that I only just heard him 'woof' after he looked at me. 'Was that about me?' I wondered. 

As the bear got out of the pool I saw his white swimming shorts were noticeably see through and the outline of his tool had my mouth instantly start watering. 'Does he know what he is doing? Oh my god!' He was towelling his face and beard so had completely missed me ogling his show, then just as he grabbed his things and turned, making his big meat swing against his thigh I did the most impulsive thing I have ever done in my life.

I feigned a trip and pretended to fall towards the pool, the beautiful bear reacted so fast and grabbed my hand, there was a shock of lightening between us and that's when I really slipped, unable to control my automatic reaction I grabbed onto the bear tighter but he didn't have the right angle and all I did was drag him into the pool with me.

I was horrified, the poor man, oh god did he have his phone on him or anything? I looked around and was sure that luckily it was only his towel and swim gear and was about to start apologising when I heard him laughing loudly.

The relief was palpable as I began to relax and giggle with him. He made a quip about helping strangers, and then headed back to the ladder. I quickly followed behind him, maybe a bit too close, I don't know but my hormones had me trying to see what he smelt like, pool water of course... idiot.

After I had rushed to get us both new towels, and been laughed at by Estelle, I returned to find the bear in the hot pool. I shivered at the sight of the sexy drowned bear, and he mistook it that I was cold inviting me in. I was not about to correct him so, made my way in beside him, choosing to sit just a little too close, I desperately wanted him to know how much I liked him, but all my shyness kicked in, it took everything I had just to touch my leg to his.

Then as fast as it began it was over, the bear went bright red and rushed out of the pool. He couldn't get away from me fast enough. He did look back just once, and I am sure he saw the disappointment on my face.

Oh God, what had I done? He could complain to my boss. Just because I was lonely, didn't mean I should act like this.

I waited long enough to see the bear leave the changing room all dressed, then I went in to get changed and on with my day. I took a deep breath, "It wasn't meant to be" I sighed and headed back to work.

To be continued