 Finally got the next one out for you, hope you like it.

*******

The following morning was a Saturday, so like normal I allowed myself to stay in bed for a sleep in, but the moment my eyes opened my brain kicked in. There were so many selfish thoughts, however the one that overrode them all was, 'Poor Charlie'. Such a good man and he doesn't deserve any heart break I will bring him. But isn't it worse to let him go on thinking everything is ok? For him to think that he is loved when he really isn't?

Finally I got up to cook a special breakfast for us both, it was a struggle as my mind was distracted and I kept forgetting steps in something I had done so many times, I even burnt my finger at one point which prompted my normal loud cry of expletives.

That prompted Charlie from his bed, heading upstairs to the kitchen in our modern upside down house that had the kitchen and living areas at the top so as to take advantage of the views. "What's up?" he questioned as he neared the top of the steps.

"Oh I just burnt my finger like an idiot" I answered flippantly. "Want some breakfast? I made Bacon, Eggs and Hashbrowns."

Charlie rubbed his hands together and indicated his acceptance of the offer, then went straight to the dining table to wait. Very shortly afterwards I placed his plate in front of him, with a glass of juice and sat down to join him.

"Why are you so quiet?" Charlie asked noticing the dark cloud that seemed to hang over my head, "Hated the ballet?" he quizzed.

"Um no, it's not that" I hesitantly answered finishing my mouthful of breakfast. "Charlie..." I began, my eyes dropping, was I really about to do this? "Charlie, I need to talk about us, you know I love you, but Charlie, I think it is obvious that we are more like friends than lovers".

Charlies mouth dropped and I could tell he was just realising this was a much bigger conversation than he expected. "What do you mean?"

"I mean, that we never have sex, there is no intimacy, we just don't have that kind of connection. You're my best friend, but that's all, and I am so sorry Charlie, I think I need to try and find a lover".

Charlie's eyes began to well up and he very quietly said "You're right" he put down his fork and his eyes and head dropped. "I don't want it to be true James, but it is." His response was quiet and measured as he quite clearly summoned his strength to talk with me rationally while the emotional adrenalin rushed into his veins.

I simply let tears run from my eyes and said nothing as I looked at the face of my favourite person contort in sadness. God I didn't want to hurt him, if only there was a way not to.

"The truth is I have thought this for a long time too..." he began, "but because we are such a good team, I didn't want to be just another couple who didn't try their best. We did try our best though didn't we?" 

His question caught me in the throat and my eyes again met his.

"Yes we did honey, and oh god I hope you will always be my friend after our hearts heal. There just has to be a better match for both of us out there".

After that it was a scarily simple, there were lots of hugs and tears but Charlie and I very easily split everything. At no point did I want to make it harder so I probably gave Charlie more than his share of our communal property, but he deserved it in my eyes, and I genuinely wanted his friendship.

Probably the hardest part was three days before I moved out Charlie had a date. It had taken more than a month to disconnect our lives and to find a new home, and in that time we had even managed to laugh and be friendly. But when he was picked up to go to dinner by a big hunky muscle guy I was surprised that under my facade of smiles and encouragement I had a pang of jealousy.

It only lasted a few minutes making me laugh in the end, clearly Charlie would be ok. I mean he is a good looking guy, of course there will be men chasing after him.

It was a further month after that, that things had settled and my new normal smile had settled in. Charlie was doing fine, and so was I, so having begun to forgive myself things were getting easier and even going to the gym was getting more fun. 

As I entered the reception area I caught Estelle's eye and got her cheery greeting. "Where have you been?" I asked "It's been weeks since I saw you".

Estelle showed me her tan and smiled, "Tahiti" she said, before telling me how wonderful it had been, how she had met a hot island man and done lots of naughty and fun things, which made me giggle.

"I wish my love life was going so well" I quipped.

"I thought you had a man?" she queried as I began walking towards the stairs.

"Oh we broke up a month ago" I explained waving it off with a hand gesture.

As I walked up stairs I realised, I really had begun to relax about things and it made me smile. Perhaps it was time for me to go on a date?

That thought really started my mind going, and as I swam my laps a familiar set of fantasies started to play out, I even thought of the sexy cub for the first time in weeks.

Boy did he have the hottest peachy ass.

Though I am fairly sure I did many more laps than I counted, the time flew by and I was soon climbing out of the pool. Thank god I was alone because my cock was making a very clear impression in the front of my white compression swimmers as my semi throbbed from my dirty thoughts.

As I towelled off and put my swimming kit into the tote bag I could have sworn I saw someone in the corner of my eye, but when I turned there was no one there. Brushing it off as my eyes playing tricks on me, I tucked my towel around my waist and collected my things before walking to the changing rooms to clean up and head out to face the rest of the day.

I'd only just pulled my pants on when the cub was suddenly standing in front of me.

'Wholey fuck' was all that went through my head. 

***********

When Pablo finally made his way home he had stayed a full three weeks with me and although I had loved every moment and been so thankful for his help and distraction in dealing with my obsession with the bear, I was really happy to finally have my house to myself again.

All I really did for the following month was return to my normal routine and catch up on sleep. It was nice to get some gaming time in without distractions and I was trying quite hard to ignore boys for a bit. Growlr wasn't helping; as I got hit on from men near and far which kept sex at the top of mind and let's face it some would say that at 32 I was still in my sexual prime.

On this morning however I woke and thought to myself... 'Maybe it is time to start dating?'

The day had progressed as normal with clients and workouts and a few laughs with Estelle having just returned from her holiday, until I spied from the corner of my eye the bear on his way for a daily swim. I'm not sure why but I quickly moved into the office so I couldn't be seen and moments later I was almost in tears when I heard the bear say he was single.

"OH! MY! GOD! Did I hear that right Estelle?" I said struggling to contain myself. She giggled and confirmed it and within seconds I decided that the bear would be mine even if I had to set a trap and tie him up.

Like a very unsubtle stalker I made my way into the stationary machine room where I started to cycle as though I was meant to be there, and pretended that glancing through the glass into the pool was innocent.

There he was, the beautiful, hot, single, hunky, loyal, sweet, funny, hot, hung, (did I say hot?) bear. My prey, my target. My mind spun faster than the wheels on my bike as I tried to come up with ways to get him. There was an urgent need in my whole body to feel his arms around me and taste his kiss and it was a need I would fulfil no matter the cost.

Soon enough I saw the bear climbing from the pool and could not help but see the tent in his shorts that left very little to the imagination, I have a feeling some dribble was starting to run out of my mouth as he suddenly turned towards me and without even a thought I ducked out of site.

'Why did I do that?' I thought, 'Oh this can't go wrong again'.

I watched him head to the changing rooms and I let my bike come to a halt. How in the hell do I meet this man again? I already tried to the stupid swim tactic, what would I do this time?

Like a light in my head the thought that I should just say hello and ask him on a date popped into my head, I knew he was gay, so just be bold, be a man!

Stopping at the water fountain to catch my breath and have a little drink I headed straight into the changing rooms. Thank god it was just the bear in there. He froze as I approached him; he had just put his pants on and was cuter than ever.

"Hello my name is Jose" I introduced myself holding my hand out to the bear to shake his hand, causing him to drop the towel in his hand and hurriedly return the gesture. "James" he said turning bright red.

"Would you please consider going to dinner with me?" I was so proud of my boldness.

The bear's mouth dropped open, "Um..." he uttered and paused long enough that I started to think of ways to get out of this, "Don't you have a boyfriend? I saw you with some big guy that time".

I couldn't help but burst into laughter, "He's my brother!" I laughed "I can't believe we are about to have another misunderstanding! I feel like we are in a comedy show".

With palpable relief showing on his face James began to laugh and it was not long before he asked "When?" I was so surprised that it took me a moment to realise he had agreed to the date and wanted to know when so it was now my turn to go red and stutter, "Any night this week?"

"How about tonight" James suddenly had a new boldness that was utterly sexy, one I had never seen before and one that had my knees on the edge of melting. "Fuck yes" I uttered not even thinking to sensor myself.

We both started laughing but somehow James was able to utter "Mojitos restaurant at 7?" I just nodded my head and started to make a hasty retreat as my self-control was about to desert me and I was very aware that I was still at work.

I could have sworn I heard a little whoop as I left.

A few minutes later I smiled like a fool at him as he left the gym and he returned it with a smile and a wink that made my heart pound and my muscles clench.

The rest of the day went by so slowly, my mind so distracted by thoughts of the bear... of James, that at one point I was meant to be spotting a body builder and didn't notice he was struggling, thankfully I came too just in time to catch the bar and avoid a calamity. So when it was finally home time I hit the tiles so fast I could hear Estelle laughing in the back ground... Of course I had told her I had a date.

At home I showered and cleaned up thoroughly; leaving nothing to risk I stood naked in my bedroom deliberating everything, the right underwear, the right pants, my sexiest shirt, oh shoes, which shoes? Even the cologne was a huge choice, finally settling on 'What About Adam' an older scent from Joop, but one of my favourites.

Taking deep breaths and walking slowly I arrived at the restaurant right on time, and had managed to avoid breaking a sweat, I was so worried about looking good for James that when I saw him already sitting at a table, clearly having arrived early, I was so happy and relieved.

For the first few minutes there was a little awkwardness as we asked those conversation starting questions and each fumbled around. Looking at him I wanted him so badly, but I wanted more than him in my bed so I was probably trying too hard to make a friendly connection and when the spark of conversation finally ignited it was like a new fire was lit.

Of all the things to bond over it was sci-fi, he expressed his love of Dr Who and how Farscape was his favourite ever and I just about jumped in his lap, "Farscape is my favourite too" I blurted, we both started laughing and for the rest of dinner the conversation stopped only to take bites of our meal and sips of our drinks.

Two full hours later the wait staff were starting to eyeball us indicating that it was time to leave and we both realised it was time to call it a night. Before I even had a chance James had paid for dinner, it made me feel quite wonderful, if a little embarrassed. I don't think he was trying to suggest he was rich or that I was poor or anything else, I was distinctly sure it was an act of affection only.

As we got up and exited the restaurant, the wait staff descended on our table to prepare it for waiting customers like vultures on a fresh kill, I looked in his eyes, 'oh god I don't want this to end' I thought. 

James turned towards me and took my hand, right there in the busy street, "Will you come home with me Jose?" he asked with a look of pure terror that I might reject him, "I know we hardly know each other, but this night can't end now".

I am sure my smile was as bright as the full headlights of a Mack truck, "Of course, yes" I said, maybe too enthusiastically.

When I discovered that James lived only three blocks from my apartment, in a beautiful place, it seemed like yet another thing was clicking into place, so right after we entered and I heard the door click shut behind us I grabbed him and kissed him.

I could not wait, there was no other option, I had to. I wrapped my arms around his shoulders and fell into his embrace, and thank god he returned it with as much passion. One hand moved to the back of my head holding me close as our tongues went to war to taste each other, and his other hand slowly ran down my back.

James wasted no time, his fingers found my waist band and easily slipped inside my loosely belted jeans, soon he had my ass cheek in his hand and I heard him groan in pleasure. "Fuck yeah" he said muffled into my mouth as we kissed.

I pulled away long enough to smile and ask him "what?" he went a little red and explained he had been fantasising that my ass was furry ever since the first day we met. And now he knew it was as peachy as can be.

I laughed and snuggled back into him, it was like I wanted our bodies to merge, to become one, like I couldn't be close enough to this man who smelt like heaven and tasted like the best food ever invented. This time I could feel his erection as it pressed against his pants and brushed against my tummy just above my own throbbing member.

I loved how tall James was, how I felt safe in his arms, how I felt like he could pick me up and just do anything he wanted to me.

There was no turning back now, my hands ran free and I began to pull at his clothes, I needed to feel his skin against mine, I fumbled with his belt and he helped me, before pawing at my own clothes deftly pulling my shirt over my head, we giggled and struggled between kisses as we urgently removed everything that was coming between our bodies and soon I was there, naked, in the arms of my dream bear, his massive cock throbbing against my belly, it was rock hard and so was mine as I humped his leg like a horny puppy.

To my short lived distain James pushed me away, I was about to ask why when he dropped to his knees and his big hands grabbed my peachy ass pulling me towards him and taking my member in his mouth all the way to the hilt.

"Wholly fuck" I uttered in ecstasy, this man new how to please his lover. James sucked on my throbbing 7" cut tool, pushing it to the back of his throat until he gagged a little then pulling back all the time with suction that was driving me wild. Then as he throated me again his fingers delved between my furry ass cheeks and touched my hole. I groaned loudly and uttered "oh yes" as I pushed my butt back a little on his finger.

Spurred by my encouragement he brought that finger to his mouth and lubed it with some spit, then returned it to my hole. Applying persistent pressure it wasn't long before he was inside me and I felt him delve gently but firmly inside. James knew what he was doing, and with each stroke in and out of his mouth he got his finger a little more deeply in my ass, then it happened, he found the spot... the one many tops ignored in their greed to pleasure themselves. The one that made me whimper, my legs go weak and my cock throb.

When he felt me respond and he knew he has found home base he worked it with his finger and my cock with his mouth in a way that felt like it made steam burst from my ears like a bad cartoon. "FUCK James I am going to cum!" I almost screamed trying to pull out, most guys don't want to swallow, it's not ok to assume they will, but James put his other had on my other butt check firmly, locking me in place and increasing the intensity of the pleasure he gave me.

Within seconds I was cumming like it was my first time ever and James was growling and using all his strength to hold me in as each spurt of my seed pelted his tongue, he swallowed every drop and continued to work my sensitive rod making me cry out in pleasure and try to escape, but he wouldn't let me and just kept me in this intense state until I almost collapsed.

James finally gently removed his finger from my tender spot, and let my still hard cock go from his mouth, then as he stood up he hooked one arm under my legs, the other under my arm and picked me up. Carrying me safely to his room like a groom carries his bride across a threshold, like a bear who had proudly caught his best catch, like a man who had much more in store for me.

To be continued.