 Thanks for your helpful feedback good, I hope you like chapter two.

*******

It was a few days before I saw the bear again, he looked very nervous when he came into the gym and I intentionally kept out of sight, I didn't want James to give up or stop coming out of embarrassment that I had caused. 

'The Poor bear', I thought as my eyes went to the floor and I felt on the edge of tears. I took a deep breath and was thankful that no complaints had come from it all. 'Time to move on' I reminded myself and I headed to the gym floor.

About an hour later, just like clockwork, I caught the bear's eye as he came down the stairs to leave the gym, his face was slightly flushed from his swim and there again was that spark. 'Oh that man is hot' I thought to myself and smiled at him.

To my surprise the bear smiled back, he didn't seem angry or anything, maybe a little shy, but I breathed a huge sigh of relief as I realised it seemed he was at least not angry with me.

From that day on things seems to return to normal, the bear's friendly banter with Estelle resumed, and more often than not we would shyly catch each other's eye. I was finally coming to grips with my attraction and starting to get back to just being a good trainer... it was simply not meant to be.

Almost a month after that my brother came to town, a big burly guy, Pablo is one of my best friends in the world and I was so excited to show him around my new home. Pablo didn't have great English so he had come from Argentina on this visit in order to try and improve it but we often ended up speaking in Spanish and talking about home anyway.

When we were kids Pablo and I had been almost identical, I should have known he would grow into a hulk, given that he was 2 years younger than me and he had caught up with my 10 year old frame by the time he was 8. He was always the sportsman and never really went without a girlfriend, I knew he had more sexual experience than me because he always boasted about his conquests. I could understand why the liked him, I was proud of my brothers looks too, but he wasn't my type... not enough fur and he didn't speak English.

At home it was just Mom, Dad had died when I was 5 and the three of us had been very close, my family were very modern and had easily coped when I told them I was gay. I expected Pablo to have issues being all about the machismo in his normal daily life. But he just laughed at me and said he already knew it. Mom took it in a similar way, saying that I was no longer allowed boys in my room with the door shut and smiling. I was so embarrassed but relieved, many of my friends had had such a hard time, one even ended up on the street. 

But I never really knew just how cool Pablo was until one day at school in my senior year I had been cornered by a couple of bullies, they were pulling at my clothes and calling me names, one was trying to get my back pack and a few other kids were just laughing, "look at the senior fag, can't even defend himself".

Very suddenly I saw one guy's head violently jerk, clearly someone had hit him but it wasn't until he began to fall that Pablo was revealed standing behind him. He was so pissed and just kicked their asses, seconds later they were running down the hall crying and the kids were now laughing at them. Pablo picked me up and checked that I was ok. I hugged him and thanked him. He pushed me off him and said "I'm not gay you know!" smiled at me and whispered, "love you bro".

Never again did I worry about bullies and forever I would love my little-big brother, which is why I would do most anything to help him out.

So Pablo had just finished telling me about his new girlfriend and how much sex they were having when his attention turned to me... "So ya got a white boy yet" he asked half smiling half sneering. My face instantly turned red and I clammed up.

"Oh you do!" he said with a huge grin, showing his pearly white but slightly jagged teeth. "Tell me! Tell me!" he pushed. It only served to make me even more embarrassed and in the end it took quite a while to finally admit that there was no one.

He was not satisfied with the answer though and kept pushing, he saw the reaction on my face and wasn't going to let it go, so finally I told him the story about the bear.

By the end his face had dropped and he said he was really sorry, but he knew there must be someone out there. After a few moments of silence his face lit up again and he said "Let's go to the movies? I want to see how much I can understand without subtitles". I was completely up for it, it had been ages since I had someone to go to the movies with and we both rushed to go out. 

I lived not that far from the gym in a nicely sized apartment and it was very central, so it was only a 10 minute walk to the movie theatre. As we walked Pablo and I joked and laughed, he put his arm around me and bumped me back and forth, I had missed how much more physical friends were in Argentina, there was no sex to it, but men could touch, no problem, white guys were so reserved in comparison.

We were about a block from the cinema when I spotted the bear. I almost tripped over myself and couldn't help but stare, there he was in all his glory, I'd never seen him outside the gym before, and it was like seeing a wild animal in his natural habitat. My mouth was just starting to drop when he turned and I saw his hand in the hand of another man.

I was so surprised that I almost pushed Pablo into a street lamp as I stared and lost my way. 'Hey! Wake up" Pablo grumbled as he push me back in the right direction, then he turned and stared at the bear. "Oh so that's him? Huh? At least you know he is gay now. Yeah he is totally your type".

I giggled a little and regained my composure, redirecting us with new purpose towards the cinema.

'That explains everything' I thought, 'He IS gay and he DID like me, but he has a boyfriend and he is loyal.' I felt a wave of relief followed by a little annoyance that I had made such a pass at a taken man, followed by a sudden and deepening feeling of warmth in my chest, the bear was not only hot, he was also an honourable man. 

"I want him" I mumbled under my breath before I caught myself, 'Oh My God, if I looked in the mirror now I'd have horns' I thought. Pablo clearly caught what I said and pushed me then laughed.

That night after we finally got home from the action movie that Pablo had loved, he'd got himself sorted and in his own bed, and I finally went to my room, it was only minutes after I heard him snoring that my hands moved towards my throbbing crotch.

Every fantasy I ever had started playing through my head only with the bear, James, as the main player. Oh how I wanted such a handsome and loyal husbear. I would care for him and love him and touch him, oh my god the lengths I would go to make sure my love was happy.

My 7 inches were rock hard and as I stroked it my other hand reached between my legs to find my tender spot. Letting out a slight moan I imagined it was the bear between my legs pushing them up to expose me to his invasion. That his tongue was there making me wet and it was his fingers that were prodding and massaging looking for a way in.

I rolled to the side of my bed and quietly opened the drawer, finding a small bottle of lube and a prostate massager I hurriedly prepared it and positioned it at my hole. "Ohhhfff" I moaned as I slowly pushed it inside me, my eyes clamped shut and again I imagined James to be there, he was the one making my hole feel so amazing, he was the one who's thrusts hit that special place inside me, he was the one who was driving me to the edge and he was the one who felt my hole clamp down tight and massage his massive pole as I shot a big load right across my shoulder.

As my intense organism began to subside I slowly opened my eyes, removing the toy, cleaning it up and putting it away. I turned over with a smile on my face, my obsession was back, but I would never do anything to compromise my beautiful bear. If I was ever to have him, he had to come to me.

*********

After a few days break I had finally plucked up the courage to return to the gym, I had no idea if the cub would even be there, but had decided to err on the side of caution. I even tried to put an old ring on my wedding finger just to see if it would send the right message, but it didn't fit and then I realised I was not only being silly but it would have been a lie.

When I saw Estelle with her usual bright smile at the reception desk I began to relax and little and even though I had a decent but tentative look around I couldn't see the cub anywhere. As I breathed a sigh of relief I headed upstairs, got changed and got in the pool.

As I did my laps I began to properly process what was going on. 

"1" I counted out loud, trying not to lose my place.

I mulled over the electric feeling I had had when the cub got close and touched me, the undeniable attraction that he seemed to return...

"2"

How he looked so sad when I rejected him, how he looked so beautiful when he laughed...

"3"

How I was beginning to question my relationship with Charlie...

"4"

The way the cubs body hair was so perfect and covered all the places that were just so hot to me...

"5"

I adjusted my stiffening self and kept swimming. Oh how strong had the orgasm been? It was only a fantasy and he blew my mind.

"5"

The fur on the back of his legs that suggested the peachy ass.

"5"

The puppy dog face, his beautiful eyebrows, his skin... oh god his skin...

"5"

How much I wanted to unpack those sexy speedos... wait how many times have I done 5?

I shook my head a little and decided to think about something else or I would never get done swimming at this pace.

When I finally made it to the end it and I'd cleaned up and gotten changed, I headed down the stairs and there he was. Oh My God, now it made sense, he was a trainer. The hottest gym instructor had hit on me!

Then I caught the cub's eye and he smiled, I couldn't help but return the smile... at least there were no hard feelings I thought, and finally life was going to return to normal.

The following month had been hard at home, the events over the previous weeks had somehow changed the way I felt about my safe but loveless relationship. I began to wonder if maybe I was worth more than I let myself accept, if maybe it might be time to stop lying to Charlie and see if somehow we could just be friends.

But I was not ready to do anything about it and definitely not before the Ballet. So we found ourselves outside the theatre waiting to get in, I had had a couple of drinks to prepare, and Charlie was absolutely bouncing off the walls with excitement, he grabbed my hand and came in close, a public display off affection that caught me totally off guard, so when I turned to him and saw in my line of sight the cub over the road, I was in absolute shock.

Once I regained my composure I saw the cub was with a big guy who was in every one of my estimations better looking than me. My logical mind was happy he had found someone, but my heart cried a river of tears.

It took every ounce of my self-control not to take out my frustration on Charlie. 'Fuck you Charlie' I thought. But I smiled and followed him into the show, this was going to be a long night, I was going to hate it, and no matter how much I hated Charlie right now, I hated myself more for blaming a good man for my own stupid decisions.

To be continued.