 Tyler awoke first the next morning, backed up to Clarence's front with the man's meaty cock head burrowed into his cleft. He rolled over to face him and then, as gently as he could, wriggled under the covers to wake him with another blow job.

Tasting himself on Clarence's fat knob was better than any breakfast he could imagine. He heard the big man sigh and then felt his hand on the back of his head.

Tyler vigorously bobbed on the turgid lumber that filled his mouth, bumping his forehead on Clarence's firm belly while pressing his chin into the comforting warmth of the ample scrotum resting on the man's thigh. He availed the corpulent pillar of the deepest action he could afford it and eventually thrilled to it flexing in his ardent suction while it erupted with a voluminous output.

When he sensed Clarence had recovered from his earth shaking orgasm, Tyler clamored back up from under the covers. Clarence draped a huge arm over him and drew him in for a deep kiss.

"So sweet," he contentedly moaned as he released him from it.

"Like your loads," Tyler happily sighed in response.

"Shall we make breakfast and head to the church?" Clarence asked.

"Why don't you stay here and rest some more? I'll cook it."

"Thank you," the man gratefully intoned.

Tyler climbed out of bed while Clarence rolled over onto his other side. It was his first time to cook for him, but he had watched the man often enough by then to meticulously reproduce his signature first meal of the day.

Soon he was back in their bedroom. He sat on Clarence's side of the bed and kissed him awake.

"Breakfast is served, handsome," he informed him with a smile.

Clarence's eyes fluttered open and he smiled up at Tyler. Their towels still covered their chairs so they strode naked to the dining room and feasted.

"We'd best clean up and go," Clarence said as he rose and began clearing the table.

"Mind if I stay here today? I'd like to start looking for work...a job, I mean. I've already pulled the want ads out of the paper."

"Not a bit," he replied, unable to hide his pride in the boy, then with a chuckle, "You had me scared for a second, though."

Tyler rushed over and pressed his nude body to Clarence's. He reached around the man's barrel chest and tightly hugged him.

"Oh, Clarence! I'm so done with that! I just want to contribute here. Please believe me!"

The man enfolded him in his arms, "I do, son...I do."

The words 'I do' rang like a wedding vow in the smitten boy's ears and he clutched at the giant's burly bulk with even greater urgency at the sound of it. Clarence led him by the hand to the bathroom for their morning shower.

Once dressed, Clarence handed Tyler all the singles in his wallet and took the house key off his key ring.

"What's this?" Tyler asked, fanning the bills out in his hand.

"Bus fare...in case you get a nibble," Clarence responded, showing his faith in him, "I just know God will lead you to something. By the way, it's Wednesday. Be sure to save enough to get to church."

"Wouldn't miss it, Rev!" Tyler said with an effusive grin.

Clarence pecked his cheek with a kiss and was gone. Tyler immediately began scouring the ads for work, circling all the job offers he thought his high school diploma might qualify him for.

The first few jobs he called about had been listed long enough that they were already filled. He was getting discouraged.

'Please, God! Lead the way!' he thought to himself as he dialed the next one.

"Hello?" an older woman answered in a kindly voice.

Tyler inquired about the listing. It was for a second-hand clothing store and clothes were of keen interest to him.

"Yes, it's still available, young man. It only pays minimum wage, though...I guess that's why," she noted with a resigned sigh.

"I'm fine with that, ma'am," he eagerly replied, "When could you interview me?"

"As soon as you can get here!" she assured him and gave him the address.

"That's within walking distance!" he excitedly noted, "Give me about twenty minutes!"

"I'm here all day," she said, sounding delighted, "Thank you for calling and I look forward to meeting you."

"Thank you, God!" Tyler said aloud after he hung the phone up.

In his excitement, he walked so fast that he was there in fifteen. The woman who greeted him when he walked in seemed familiar, so conversation flowed freely. It was soon revealed that she was one of the few white faces in the congregation at Good Shepherd.

"I knew something about you seemed familiar!" Tyler exclaimed, "The preacher there, Clarence Goodman, has been putting me up for the last month!"

"I just love that young man!" she declared, "Much better than the last fellow we had. So big and strong! And, a real firebrand in that pulpit!"

"Yes, ma'am! He sure is! No finer man on the face of the earth as far as I'm concerned!"

"So, you're okay with minimum wage?"

"Oh! Yes, ma'am!"

"Fill out this application as a formality, then."

Tyler quickly filled it in and handed it back to her.

"When can you start?" she asked, beaming at him.

"As soon as you'll let me, ma'am!"

"How about tomorrow?"

"What time?"

"8:30 should do."

"See you then! And thank you so much! You won't regret this, I promise!"

Tyler practically ran home. It wasn't quite noon yet and already he had a job to begin the corrective course on which Clarence had set his life.

He fixed himself a sandwich and then spent the next couple of hours giving the house a thorough cleaning for Clarence. By three o'clock he was at the church, reporting his good fortune to his new lover as he placed his house key and what was left of his money on his desk.

Clarence rested back in his office chair and drummed his thick fingers on his manly paunch. He was looking over the glasses resting low on his nose and sporting a wide smile on his round face.

"I knew God had a plan for you!" he proudly declared.

"He did! I even begged Him to intervene on my behalf before I dialed the number," Tyler confided.

"Some prayers are answered in the affirmative," he assured him with a grin.

"Don't I know it!" he said beaming at the giant.

Clarence smiled and took the key, but pushed the folded bills back at Tyler, "You keep that. It isn't much, but I hope it'll help a little till your first paycheck comes in."

Tyler wanted to crawl up on his lap and squeeze his massive neck. However, he knew and understood the rules Clarence imposed while on the job.

Around five o'clock they sneaked off for a burger. They returned about an hour before the service and Tyler spot vacuumed the small chapel while Clarence put the finishing touches on his sermon. When the congregation began to gather, Tyler spotted his new boss and quickly made his way to her.

"Hi, Mrs. Thurman! May I sit with you?"

"Why, of course," she said, patting the empty space beside her on her pew, "and, please, call me Gladys."

Two rousing hymns were sung to start the service off, led by the pianist who banged them out with near barrelhouse intensity. Tyler immediately fell in love with the bluesy feel he imbued his gospel playing with from the moment he first heard him.

A short time later, Clarence took the podium. As always, Tyler broke out in chills at his commanding presence. The huge man cleared his throat before launching into his talk, his deep voice instantly filling the tiny chapel like a clap of thunder.

"I'm calling tonight's sermon The Power of Love," he softly began, "First and foremost, it refers to the power of God's love. But, it also refers to the power of man's love for his fellow man...in all its wondrous and sometimes misunderstood manifestations."

The thirty minutes that followed were uncharacteristically subdued for the man looked up to by his congregation as the firebrand Gladys had so astutely described him as. By the time he'd concluded his soft spoken affirmation of God's love and thinly disguised plea for tolerance, Tyler saw as many men as women dabbing their eyes with tissues and handkerchiefs.

"You were magnificent tonight," Tyler thoughtfully praised Clarence, maintaining a respectful distance from him in the car in consideration of his public persona, "Hardly a dry eye in the house...including mine."

"Well, I owe that one all to you," he quietly acknowledged, placing his inhumanly large hand on Tyler's knee and giving it an affectionate squeeze.

His heart swelled at Clarence's declaration. They rode in silence the rest of the way home. Once there the big man was stunned by Tyler's cleaning job.

"Oh, baby! I don't remember the last time this place looked so clean! What on earth got into you?"

"You!" Tyler exclaimed, "I just wanted to thank you for your kindness...your guidance...the trust you've placed in me."

Clarence drew the blinds and then wrapped his arms around the boy. He kissed the top of Tyler's head and firmly pressed their bodies together. Tyler felt Clarence start to erect during their embrace.

"Honey, you spent an entire day yesterday thanking me...in ways I thought I'd never know again...enough to last me a lifetime. And, now this?"

"I want to thank you for a lifetime, Clarence...for real...if you think you could put up with me, that is."

"I do," he rumbled in his mellifluous baritone.

Once again those two simple words made Tyler weak in the knees.

"Would you carry me to your bedroom, please?"

"No."

Tyler looked up at him in shock.

"I'm going to carry you to our bedroom," the giant said, emphasizing the word 'our' with a huge grin.

He swept Tyler up in his arms and the boy thrilled to his effortless execution of the move. The man carefully navigated the narrow hall and doorway with him, Tyler smothering his manly jowls in boyish kisses the entire trip, and then gently seated him on their bed.

Tyler watched the true-life, dusky Hercules disrobe and then quickly followed suit while Clarence turned back the bed. They crawled in and snuggled.

Contact with Clarence's bulky member was inescapable as he rolled over to back up to him. Tyler turned his head to look at him from the corner of his eye.

"Your love's awful hard. Need me to thank you some more?" he asked with a delighted chuckle.

"Unless it's bothersome, you'd best get your rest, son. You're a working man now."

"Not bothering me at all. I love the way it pokes my butt," he cooed and wriggled his curvy fanny against it until the blunt head breached his cleft.

Tyler sighed. Clarence giggled and worked it in deeper still, eliciting another deeply contented sigh from his bed mate.

"Good. Then sleep tight, boy," he said and nipped at Tyler's earlobe.

"Goodnight. I love you, Clarence Goodman."

"I love you more, Tyler Weston," the man playfully responded.

Soon they were fast asleep.

Clarence awoke shortly after 8 A.M. to the sound of the front door closing. It was the first time in weeks he'd awakened alone in his bed. He stuffed his meaty fist on his fat, rock hard cock and gently stroked it while reflecting on the more than 5000 nights he'd gone to sleep alone as well.

He counted his newfound blessings as he rolled onto his broad back and pushed the covers down to keep from messing the bed while he streaked his great belly and chest with seven, spurting blasts of varying volume. The rest of what rolled out of his gaping slit slowly ran down his shaft to puddle up at his fist.

Carefully lifting his hand to his mouth to keep from spilling the catch, he licked it clean. He then smeared what he'd launched onto his torso around so as to keep it from dripping on his way to the toilet.

Next, he pulled his foreskin up with his other hand and pinched it together over his oozing spout. Clarence shifted to sit up on the edge of the bed and finished sucking his fingers clean.

'Tyler's right,' he mused to himself, 'It is kind of sweet...kind of...and there's no way this can be sinful.'

He stood and caught his profile in the dresser mirror. He proudly studied the hulking appendage he held capped off, still fully erected in his arousal.

'God would never give a man a gift like this only to send him to hell if he dared enjoy it,' he concluded.

Walking into the bathroom, he positioned himself at the toilet bowl and pushed his hips forward. His cock head safely out over the middle of it, he peeled his skin back and listened while what had collected within noisily plopped into the water below.

He inspected it and then gave it a few good shakes to make the more stubborn globs still clinging to his glistening glans give up the fight to remain attached. His cock head still bared, he awkwardly positioned himself into the familiar position he knew would enable him to empty his bladder through the uncooperatively erect condition of his penis.

He paused in front of the vanity mirror to admire the size of the cum load he'd smeared around on his vast expanse. Contentedly tasting it one last time, he ran his washrag under warm water and wiped himself clean before tending to his hunger.

It was a light day at the church and he was able to leave in time to have Tyler a house key cut and get home before his shift ended. Clarence was shirtless and wearing a ragged old pair of gym sweats, resting back in his recliner and reading the paper when he heard the front door open.

Tyler stepped in and, when Clarence lowered the paper, stopped dead in his tracks to feast his eyes on the man's impressive musculature. A long, slow whistle emanated from him.

"Aren't you handsome!" Tyler exclaimed, sporting a lusty grin.

"To you, thank goodness - and that's all that matters to me," he responded with a grin of his own, hauling up a watermelon-sized upper arm and flexing it for the awe-struck boy.

Tyler feigned losing his balance in a fainting spell, bringing a gale of laughter from the man.

"Go get comfy and then come tell me all about your first day," Clarence proudly said.

Tyler quickly drew the blinds and then darted into the hallway. He soon returned completely naked. Clarence whistled his approval and lowered his foot rest.

The boy's day had obviously gone well and he practically jumped into Clarence's lap, happily cuddling up to the ebony bear's powerful bulk. Clarence slipped one hand around his back to rest on his hip while he raised the foot rest again with the other.

Tyler quickly slipped a hand down Clarence's waistband and grabbed a handful of cock and balls while he gave the beaming man a nearly minute-by-minute account of his blissful first day.

When he was finished, at long last, Clarence slipped a hand behind the boy's head and pressed his face to his for a deep kiss. Tyler hungrily sucked his fat tongue.

Clarence released him from it and exclaimed, "I'm so happy for you, Tyler! Not to mention proud! Did I mention proud?"

Tyler laughed and happily stroked the bull cock that had long ago fully erected in his busy hand.

"Thank you, Clarence! It really was awesome! Totally AWESOME!"

"That's great, son! But, you're 'bout to make that thing in your hand fire off a round," the man cautioned through his laughter.

"Well, we don't want that. I've got plans for it," he said, still giddy as he pulled his hand out of Clarence's pants and started playing his fingers and tongue over the erect nipple at his lips instead.

"I like the way your mind works," he said and playfully popped the boy's bare butt with a slightly stinging swat.

"Ow-w-w-w!" Tyler exclaimed and quickly nestled down deeper into Clarence's comforting roundness.

Clarence playfully flicked the boy's raging hard cocklet with the index finger of his free hand and softly chuckled, "Cutest little thing I ever did see!"

Tyler laughed and smiled up at him. He then looked back down at the impressive tent in Clarence's sweats. It was up in the man's lap by that point and arcing away from Tyler.

He pressed a finger to it and laughed even louder at how minuscule his digit looked in comparison. The man sighed and gave the boy's cheek a slow, sloppy lick. Tyler made a face that suggested he found it off-putting, but his delighted giggles gave him away.

Clarence chuckled and said, "Ready for supper, working man? It's in the oven and waiting to be warmed up. Table's set already, too."

"Unbelievable! I'm starved!" Tyler almost yelled as he scrambled out of the man's lap.

Clarence stood up and they walked into the kitchen. Tyler suddenly caught sight of his plate. In the middle of it was a shiny, brand new key. He instantly recognized it as a house key.

"For me?" he asked in shock.

"Well, I've already got one," was Clarence's coy response, "And, we won't be able to depend on me being here to let you in every day."

"Thank you! You're the best!" Tyler exclaimed as he threw his arms around the man and pressed his stiffy into his low-slung balls.

"You're welcome. Turn that oven on to 350 and I'll fix our drinks."

Tyler did as told and then ran to the bathroom to fetch a towel for his chair. He pulled it out and draped the towel over the cushion.

Clarence stepped in behind him and said, "Have a seat, son."

Tyler sat as the man scooted his chair in under him. Clarence then appeared at his side and pulled his sweats down around his thighs. His huge, intact hard-on sprang up in the boy's face.

"May I interest you in an appetizer while you wait for dinner to warm, sir?"

Tyler laughed and quickly stuffed his mouth on Clarence's generous offering. He soon had it wet enough that his fervent slurping grew loud. One hand tightly clutched the base of Clarence's cock, safely out of the man's view under his belly, while the other alternately caressed and squeezed his ample sac.

With one hand resting on the back of the boy's bobbing head and the other on the back of his chair, Clarence enjoyed his zealous suction for close to fifteen minutes before declaring dinner was suitably warmed. Tyler pulled off his hulking member and quickly pecked the leaking slit with a kiss before Clarence could pull his sweats up.

He set dinner on the table and, after saying grace as usual, they dug in. Once everything was cleared away, Tyler wrapped his arms around Clarence and rested his cheek on his chest.

"The appetizer and dinner were delicious, Clarence. Can we go on to bed so I can thank you properly?"

Clarence laughed, tenderly patting his back with one hand while stroking his hair with the other.

"Of course we can, sweet baby. You run on. I'll be right there."

He shut off the lights in the living room and kitchen and made sure the doors were locked. He then plodded toward their bedroom. Tyler already had the overhead light off and the bed lamp on. Clarence peeled out of his sweats and stretched out next to the clearly anxious boy.

With all the skill one could expect, given his profession for the previous two years, Tyler quickly revived the hard-on he'd sampled before dinner. To Clarence's amazement, he proceeded to orally edge him for over two hours before finally cutting loose with a round of action so deep and ferocious it had him gratefully firing off a load generous enough to put that morning's to shame.

The boy rose up between the man's mighty thighs and smugly patted his tummy while licking his lips. Clarence patted his prominent abdomen and Tyler scrambled up onto it. He sat upright on the man's lap and stared at his navel.

It looked so deep and inviting. Tyler scooted forward and pressed the head of his hard cock into it. It easily fit, causing him to emit a delighted giggle.

"Go ahead, son," Clarence encouraged him.

Given the green light, he began humping it. He'd never felt anything so wonderful. Clarence began to laugh.

"That feels funny," he observed, "It kind of tickles."

The boy pressed the heels of his palms into Clarence's meaty pecs and lifted himself up to straighten his angle of penetration. His belly was firm, but the hole had a very pleasant give to it and the skin that enveloped his small, rigid member felt soft and warm. He lost himself in the thrilling sensation and quickly succumbed to a jolting orgasm, flooding the deep recess with his output.
