 The morning passed in a blur. I ran to my room to shower and change clothes, grabbed breakfast at the dining hall in about ten minutes, and then rushed to my 9:30 am class. 

I could barely focus on the lecture. Hell, I don't even remember half of it. All I could think about was that I had just spent the night in Connor's bed and I wasn't a virgin. The professor was talking about some titanic figure in English literature. I'd had sex. He was telling the class something about the bucolic imagery of the English countryside, but I'd had really good sex. As in 'cumming three times just from Connor fucking me' good sex.

As the professor talked about the depiction of working class Englishmen in the 19th century, I was wondering who else in the room was having sex. There were three guys in the middle row, very athletic, probably frat brothers. They probably were. The geeky guy in the third row — nah, couldn't be. A guy and a girl sitting together, occasionally whispering to each other, oh yeah. They were not only definitely having sex, they were probably doing it with each other. 

Suddenly everyone started getting up, piercing my fog of distraction. Shit, the period was over. I hadn't even heard the professor end his lecture. I scooped my books and papers into my bag and headed for the door.

I had about an hour and a half until it would make sense to get some lunch, and then a 2 pm class. I went to the library to try to read the articles for the 2 pm class. I managed to get through them without being totally distracted, but it wasn't easy. My phone sat there on the table, almost begging me to pick it up and text Connor. His last words ran through my mind again and again: "This is a one-night stand only if you want it to be." 

"This is a one-night stand only if you want it to be."

He had left the choice to me.

But that was the question: What did I want? 

Finally I fished his number out of my jacket pocket and picked up the phone. I opened the contacts app and typed in his number. Added "Connor" on top of it, saved it. My thumb hovered over the "text messages" icon. I opened my mail, stalling, and looked at the top of the feed. A couple of spam items that I deleted. An email from a student with whom I was doing a project in another class. 50% off travel with Expedia. An email from my sister.

I closed the email and opened the text app, realizing I was procrastinating. 

I called up his number and hit "message". And then I stared at the blank screen. 

What should I say?

"Last night was really great, and..." No, too much too soon. Delete.

"Thanks for last night," I typed. Oh my God that was cliched. Delete.

"Hey." I stared at that for a while. It sounded like a bad personal. For fuck's sake, I'd just slept with the guy, how could I be so tongue tied??

Delete.

"Hi Connor, it's Scott." I stared at that, too. 

What did I want? And then I remembered his words: "This is a one-night stand only if you want it to be. I want to see you again."

And then I knew what to type. "I don't want it to be one night. I want to see you again too."

I stared at that for a long minute, my thumb hovering over the "send" button. And then I tapped the button.

I looked at the phone. Holy shit, I'd done it. I quickly put the phone down, face down. I tried to go back to one of my readings, but kept looking at the phone out of the corner of my eye. After about three minutes, I picked it up. No messages. I put it down again, tried to read. Picked it up again, no messages. And then I realized how ridiculous I was being. Connor might be busy and not hearing his phone. Maybe he was in class and unable to answer, or at sports practice and not even near his phone. He might be studying and not paying attention to his phone. Or working a campus job at...

"Bzzzzzzztt!"

My train of thought came to a crashing halt as my phone's vibrate buzzer went off and the phone chittered on the desk top.

I stared at it, waiting for it to do something else. Then slowly I reached out and turned it over.

"Awesome. V glad to hear it. Dinner?"

I slowly tapped out "Ok." Send.

"What time? 6?" popped up on the screen a moment later.

"Yeah." Send. Shit. "Where?" Send.

"Cool. You know Rowhouse?" I did. It was a good beer and burger place a little off campus.

"Yeah. I can't drink though."

"No prob ha ha. I'll hav one for bth of us. C u @ 6."

And just like that, I had my first date with Connor.

I made it down to Rowhouse around ten of six. Connor was already there, at the bar. When he saw me come in, he walked over and gave me a big frat brother hug. 

Meanwhile, I was scoping his clothing. He was in grey sweatpants and a university sweatshirt. His huge dick was clearly swinging in his pants. Not even 24 hours ago... I looked up, and he was smiling at me. "Check it out all you want, Scott, it's yours." I blushed six shades of crimson, and he laughed. "Come on, buddy, let's get a table."

We ordered food and talked. He told me about growing up in the city, studying chemistry, and wanting to be an engineer. I shared with him my own story: growing up on the farm, working with animals, and wanting desperately to get out of the small town boondocks. He'd started playing soccer and lacrosse in high school and kept it up in college. Now as a senior, he was a pretty good scorer on the soccer field and co-captain of the lacrosse team. 

We were almost done with dinner before he finally asked about last night. "Scott, I really hope you are ok with last night. I'm glad I got to be with you, man, and I hope you are good with it, no regrets."

"No, Connor, I'm really ok. I mean, I don't think I totally know how I feel, it's a big change. But I'm not sorry, not a bit. I'm still trying to wrap my head around it, but I don't regret...well, I think I'm glad you were my first."

I fell silent; there was an odd, silent tension in the air. I wanted to say something more, but couldn't find the words. Connor could tell there was something on my mind.

"You're glad I was the first, but...?" he said.

I thought for a moment. "No, no "but". I'm glad we did it."

He smiled. "What did we do?"

I was perplexed. "Uhh, we...fucked?"

"Is that all it was?" he asked. "I just fucked you?"

I wasn't sure where he was going with this. "Well, I mean, you did fuck me... But...I mean, I guess it was..." I trailed off.

He reached across the table and placed his huge, strong hand on top of mine. He twined his fingers with mine and stroked his thumb in my palm. "I wasn't just fucking you, Scott," he said, gently. "Oh, I have fucked guys, plenty of them. But I wasn't just fucking you."

I looked at him for a long moment, partly surprised. I thought back to how Connor had kissed me, cuddled me, spooned me in his bed. And then I realized he'd put a lot more into the moment than I had understood.

Connor stood up and leaned down, putting his lips next to my ear. "I told you this was a one night stand only if you want it to be." He threw money on the table. I did likewise. He took my hand, drew me to my feet, and we headed for the door. We walked the three blocks back to campus in silence.

As we passed through the gates of the campus, he took my hand. We walked the rest of the block holding hands. 

We reached his frat house. He stopped in front of the building and turned to me. His hand rose to my cheek, caressing it firmly. 

"Connor..." I whispered.

"Shhh," he hushed, putting a finger on my lips. His hand slid around the back of my neck, his other arm grabbed my waist, and he pulled me close. He pulled my head toward him and kissed me, and it was a long, lingering kiss.

"Ok, so obviously I want you to come in and spend the night," he said, smiling ironically. "But you don't have to."

"I'm still a little...well, just I don't know what to make of it. I keep wondering why you picked me."

"And I told you, I saw you in a couple of places and just wanted to meet you. I actually didn't realize you were a freshman. Or a virgin," he finished, chuckling.

"Well, not anymore..." I said with a snort.

"No, not anymore," he replied, suddenly very serious. "And no regrets?"

"None," I reassured him. "Except for being totally unable to focus on my lectures and being totally distracted, yeah, that's about it."

We both laughed at that and then we were silent for a long moment. Connor kicked at a pebble, shuffling it with his foot. He shoved his hands deep in his pockets and stepped backwards, away from me and toward the house.

"So it's totally your call. I'm gonna go inside. Thanks for coming to dinner. I'm glad we got to talk." He started to head up the path toward the door.

When he was about halfway there I called out. "Connor..." He stopped, turned, and looked at me. His hands were still stuffed into his pants, and he suddenly looked extremely vulnerable.

"I have to be in class by 10 am and I still have an article to read." I paused. "Can you just promise to wake me up no later than seven o'clock?"

He smiled and walked back to me. He lifted one hand from his pocket, slid it around the back of my neck, and pulled me in for a very firm, very hot kiss.

"Who says you're getting any sleep to wake up from?" he whispered on my lips. He took my hand and led me into the house.