 Chapter Three:

Warm air on the back of my neck gently awoke me. Slowly and groggily, I realized that there was a heavy weight on my side and a very powerful source of warmth on my back. As I roused, I realized the weight was Connor's arm. The air was his rhythmic breathing, and the source of warmth was his athletic, muscular body, pressed up behind me. I could feel a soft lump against my bare ass. Conor's amazing cock was pressed into my back. Smiling, I snuggled backward into his embrace, spooned by my big bad frat boy.

The light was just starting to filter through the curtains. It had to be pretty early, maybe around 6 am. I had plenty of time before class, so I closed my eyes and enjoyed the feeling of Connor wrapped around me. 

He had taken me by the hand on the front path of the frat and walked me straight to his upstairs bedroom. Once inside, he shut the door, turned, grabbed me and kissed me hard. I melted into his arms and returned the kiss, tangling our tongues.

"I still don't understand, Connor," I said. "Why me? I get it, you saw me, you wanted to meet me, but..."

"Shhhh," he said, running his hands along my back. "Can't you just accept that I like you, and I really want to be with you?"

I was stunned but had little time to think about it before he pulled me in for another kiss. Connor pressed against me. He was already hard, but it's ok, so was I.

"You could have any guy you want," I murmured.

"Yeah," he said, sliding his hand down to my crotch, and squeezing my painfully-erect cock. "I can." And then he leaned in and kissed me again. I slid my hand from his waist to his groin and felt his thick, semi-hard tool tenting his sweats. The bulge was almost obscene. 

"You must have been terrified to get a hard-on in public," I joked. Connor laughed. "Sometimes, yeah, it was a little embarrassing. On the other hand, it also got me a lot of offers." We laughed as I gently stroked his shaft. 

Connor must have seen a change in my face, a smirk or some sort of pensive look. "What?" he asked. "What are you thinking?" I smiled at him mischievously, and suddenly decided what I wanted to do.

I kissed him once, my hand still on his cock. Then I slowly sank to my knees in front of him.

"Ohhhhhh, shit," he whispered. "You sure?"

"Totally," I replied. "You don't object, do you?"

"Fuck, no. Go for it."

"Um..." I hesitated.

"I know, first time, might have to give you some pointers?" he said with a smile.

"Yeah," I replied.

"No problem. We'll take it one step at a time."

I reached up and grabbed the waistband of his sweats, and very slowly started to lower them. As I reached his crotch, his thick bush came into view. Then the base of his shaft. I drew his pants down until his cock sprung free, nearly hitting me in the face. I tucked the waist band under his balls and gently wrapped my hand around his half-hard shaft. I stroked it tentatively, feeling the weight and heat of it. Connor's cock was enormous; my hand looked ridiculously small on the curving rod. 

I looked up at his face, towering above me. His balls and his long shaft rose up in front of me out of his curly, thick, dark bush. From this angle, it was a massive shaft of sexual power. It was also a good five to six inches above me, and I wasn't quite sure how to close the gap.

Connor instantly realized the problem. "Hold on, buddy." He reached for my arm and started to pull me to my feet. "Much as I appreciate the symbolism of you kneeling to worship my dick, let's make it easier." He sat me on the bed and stepped between my knees. I was eye-level with his navel and his cock was directly in front of me. Much better.

"Easier on your knees, too. Ok, first of all, get closer," he said, stepping close. I leaned in. "All the way, man..." I moved up again, my nose practically in his crotch. "Take a smell..." I inhaled. I could smell sweat, soap, cum, sex. It was heady and I felt my own cock twitch.

"Yeah..." he grinned. "Lick my balls."

I tentatively stuck my tongue out and touched them to his scrotum. It was odd, but ok. I started to give them more attention. 

"That's good, now move up. Lick the shaft."

I took his cock in my hand and started to run my tongue higher, sliding from his balls up the shaft. It was clumsy at first, but as I started to get more into a pattern, he seemed to like it. I worked my way up to the top, tonguing the ridge behind his cock head.

A flash of perplexed skepticism crossed his face; he was waiting to see if I would actually go through with it. For a moment I wasn't sure I could.

"Go ahead, Scott. Put it in your mouth," he whispered gently. He smirked evilly and there was a sharper edge in his voice: "suck my big cock."

I wrapped one hand around the shaft, another under his balls, and angled the shaft toward my mouth, I spread my lips and moved down. My lips bumped his head and I realized I was going to have to open wider. I did, and put the tip of his penis in my mouth. Being careful to watch where my teeth went, I tried to stroke the knob with my tongue and create some suction and pressure on the shaft.

"Yesss..." he hissed. "So good. Go deeper."

I tried to slide more of his organ into my mouth, but it was difficult. The angle wasn't right. I shifted on the bed, tried again, and had more success. About three inches of his tool was in my mouth. I worked the knob and those three inches as best I could, but it wasn't great. My teeth would occasionally graze his cock and he'd suck in breath in discomfort.

"Sorry," I said, after one of those moments. "I'm not too good at this." 

"You're fine," he said, breathily. "Actually, the teeth are sort of weirdly erotic..."

I kept at it, taking points and suggestions from Connor along the way. It started to get easier, and Connor got quieter as I was obviously making him feel really good. Suddenly the taste in my mouth changed. I pulled back in surprise.

"You ok?" Connor asked.

"Um, yeah, it's just there's a funny taste. Like salt."

Connor smiled and chuckled. "Must be a little pre-cum. You're making me leak, buddy. Can you stand it, want to keep going?"

I slid the tip back in my mouth, tentatively. The taste was still there, a bit stronger, not bad. I slid back onto his dick and squeezed the shaft. Connor groaned with pleasure and sighed "yeahhhhhh..." as I resumed sucking his dick. I was rewarded a moment latter with another shot of salty flavor as his dick started to leak again. I pushed through it, but Connor saw it on my face.

"If you can't, it's ok." I sucked harder to signal my determination. Connor's eyes rolled up and he moaned as I worked his dick harder. The salty taste got stronger. Pre-cum was pouring from the tip of his penis, slicking up my mouth. For the next couple of minutes, the only sounds in the room were the wet sounds of his cock working in and out of my mouth and his increasingly labored breathing. 

Finally, Connor moaned. "Scott, I'm really close. I'm gonna cum." I kept sliding my mouth up and down the shaft. There was no way I was pulling off.

"You really want this in the mouth?" he warned. I gave him the thumbs up.

"It's gonna be a lot..." he whispered. "Do you trust me?" I broke my pattern only slightly to look up into his eyes. I nodded. "Ok, then let me help you." He wrapped his hand around the back of my head and gripped me hard. I resumed sucking, but Connor's hand prevented me from sliding too far backward. "When I shoot, I'm going to push in and hold you, ok? Just ride it out." I understood what he was doing; he was going to hold my head on his cock as he shot, and I wouldn't be able to back off his cock as he came in my mouth. He would pump straight down my throat. 

I kept going, determined to get him off. I wanted it so bad...

And then it happened.

"Fuck, I'm cumming," he groaned, and I felt his hand tighten on the back of my neck. I took a deep breath and closed my lips around the shaft as he groaned and pushed in. Seconds later, I felt his cock throbbing as it pulsed his seed onto my tongue and into my throat. It was a huge load, six or seven really heavy pulses of cum. With Connor's hand on the back of my head, I had no choice but to swallow. Most of the bitter liquid slid down my throat, but enough backfired into my mouth to spread the bitter starchiness of his semen around my mouth. I started to cough, and Connor quickly released my head and pulled back. His dick was still in my mouth, but I could breathe again. I gave a couple of quick coughs and took a huge breath of air. I felt his dick throb and spit another pulse of his seed directly onto my tongue. His cum started to leak from the sides of my mouth as he finally pulled his shaft out. One final spurt of semen slipped from the slit as his shaft twitched in midair, making a long string down to the floor.

"Fuck, man, that was amazing," he whispered. He sat down next to me and put his hand on my back, "Are you ok?" 

I managed to calm my breathing. "Yeah, yeah, I'm ok. That's a little harder than it looks in the porn films." I coughed again, but was laughing and smiling wanly.

"Yeah, it kinda gets easier with practice. But that was pretty fucking awesome for a first time."

"I couldn't get much of you in my mouth, man, it's too long."

"Scott, no one and I mean no one has ever deep throated me. I don't think anyone can. But seriously, am I complaining?"

I laughed. "No. And you better fucking not complain, I just sucked the fuck out of your cock."

Connor laughed in return, turned my face to his, and kissed me hard. As he pulled away, there were strings of my saliva and his semen stretching between us.

"Oh, shit," I said. Instinctively I raised my hand to my face and found it slicked with spit and cum. "I must look like a mess."

"Yeah, you kinda do," he said, reaching for a towel on the nightstand. "But it's one god damned hot mess." He wiped my face clean, gently.

Connor tossed the towel aside, reached down for my shirt edge and lifted it over my head. He pushed me back onto the bed and I lay on his pillows. He opened my belt buckle and unzipped my jeans. One hand slid into my pants and gently caressed my hard cock. Connor drew it from my pants, finally letting it swell to a full erection. I was hard as a rock.

"My turn to take care of you, buddy," he said. He stood up and stripped his shirt, baring his muscular chest. Dark hair covered the center of his chest and made a sexy trail down to his cock. He then slid my pants off and left me completely naked in his bed. 

"You're gonna love this," he said, swinging one leg over mine. He got on all fours, hunched down over my lower legs. Grabbing my balls and cock in both hands, he leaned forward, bringing his head down over my crotch. He stuck out his tongue and firmly stroked it from the base of my shaft all the way to the head. I groaned in pleasure. When he reached the head, he clamped his lips around it and squeezed my knob in his mouth. "ohhhhh, fuuuuuck, fuck Connor, oh my goddd..." I moaned.

He smiled very mischeviously, aimed the head at his mouth, and dove on. In one slow stroke he swallowed the whole shaft all the way to the base.

The feeling of having my whole cock engulfed in his warm, wet mouth wrung a cry of pain and pleasure from me. My loud, long, guttural groan was followed in a whisper by his name - "Connorrrrr..."

He pulled off and chuckled. "You like that?"

"Fuck, yesssss..."

"I thought you might. You have a beautiful cock, Scott. Fits perfectly."

"It's pretty average compared to yours."

"Can that shit," he said, measuring my dick with his fingers. "You're practically seven inches here. Nothing wrong with that." He dived back on, inhaling my dick in his throat. I leaned back on the pillow, moaning, as Connor's hot, wet, mouth worked my shaft. Instinctively I moved my hands to his head and ran my fingers through his hair.

It didn't take long, I was pretty much on a hair trigger. "Connor... fuck, I'm gonna cum." I felt him bear down harder, sucking my about-to-blow shaft for all it was worth. I thought he was trying to vacuum the sperm from my balls. I moaned and exploded. Four pretty strong pulses shot through my cock and my jizz sprayed into his mouth. He took it all. When I stopped actively shooting, he pulled off my cock and moved his head into view. He had a cocked eyebrow and a very wicked look on his face. I watched as he opened his mouth, showing me my white, creamy load on his tongue. It was damn near the hottest thing I'd ever seen. "All you," he mumbled.

And then he closed his mouth, tilted his head back, and swallowed. It was so sexy to watch him do that.

"I just got your virgin load, baby," he said. "That's the first time someone ever sucked you off, innit?" It was.

He threw himself down in the bed next to me, on his side. I turned to look at him. I felt his leg go over mine and his arm wrap over me, pulling me close. "Well, let me tell you, it won't be the last." And then he leaned forward and kissed me.

For the next few minutes, I swam in my frat boy's embrace, kissing and making out. I could feel his soft, fleshy cock pressed against my thigh. As we kissed, I felt it twitch and start to get longer. I reached down and wrapped my hand around it. He wasn't hard, but he was getting there. I heard him growl low in his throat, clearly enjoying my hand on his crank. He twisted to reach the night table and grabbed the lube.

"Here," he said, "get me ready." He squirted lube in my hand and I started spreading it over his shaft.

"Get you ready for what?" I asked, feigning innocence.

He only laughed and pulled my head to his for more kissing. 

In seconds he was rock hard again. I felt his arm slide around my waist and pull me close. Then he shoved his top leg between mine and raised it. My top leg went over his hip and his cock slid into the space between my cock and ass. I felt his huge, strong hand cover my ass firmly and pull me in. "Tilt your hips," he said. I tried. "More forward," he directed. I did. He used that same hand to guide his shaft between my legs and suddenly I felt the hard knob of his cock at my asshole.

"New position," he smiled. I gasped as I felt the head of his cock push into me. He hunched up against me, pushing several inches inside. I finally figured out that if I shoved my hips forward, I could slide down his cock. 

"I didn't even know this would work," I moaned, looking into his tender green eyes. We kissed and fucked like that for quite a while. He wasn't super deep inside me, but he was inside me and it felt so good. After a while I realized I was going to shoot off. Connor once again was fucking the cum out of me. 

"Connor..." I moaned. 

"I know," he said gently, "I can see it in your face." He caressed my cheek as he pumped into me below. The contradiction of his powerful, thrusting cock in my ass and his tender touch on my face was incredibly erotic.

Moaning, I came. My dick spat semen between us, slicking and sticking our stomachs together. Connor kissed me deeply, passionately, wetly, and then slammed his hips forward, burying himself inside me. He exhaled sharply and I felt his cock start to throb as he pumped himself out into me.

I didn't remember much after that. At some point he must have pulled out of me and I must have turned over, but I guess we both surrendered to post-orgasmic endorphins and drifted off to sleep. 

The morning light was getting stronger, wrecking my ability to float between sleep and wakefulness. I smiled as I snuggled deeper into Connor's body, feeling the warmth and heat of his hard, muscular frame.

"Morning," he whispered, in that croaky, groggy voice that you have after getting not enough sleep. I started. I hadn't even realized he was awake. 

"Morning," I replied.

"I promised to get you up by seven, I think we still have some time for me to keep that promise." He hugged me closer.

"I'm in no rush," I replied. 

"Did you enjoy last night?" he asked.

"You have to ask?" I said, incredulously. Then I dropped my voice to a tender whisper. "God, yes, Connor, I loved it."

"Good." We fell silent for several moments. I felt his head move and he started laying tender, gentle kisses on the nape of my neck. I sighed, enjoying the contact.

"There's something we haven't done," he said. He slid one hand down to my crotch and over my still-soft cock. "It's important."

"What's that?"

"Get hard and I'll show you." His hand wrapped around my cock and it shot to life, thickening and lengthening.