 CHAPTER 1 - DALE MA' BOY

(Gay TM/M Submission/Domination)

All characters are 18+ Years Old. This story contains sex between a teenager and a middle aged married man. The teenager dominates the man.

If you don't like this type of story leave right now, you've been warned.

PS: I am not a native English speaker so grammar might not be perfect, but I hope you will enjoy the story regardless.

***

MAIN CHARACTERS

David = 45 Bank Manager

Dale = 18 Chav

*****

I don't know why I accepted, I guess I could not refuse a favour to my best friend after all he did for me.

So when he asked me to accompany his son to the match I could not refuse.

My friend bought 2 tickets for Chelsea -- Arsenal, but a last minute hiccup meant he had to go to work that day, so he asked me if I could go with Dale instead.

I love Jeff, we've been best friends all our life, but God knows how much I hated his son.

I knew him pretty well because the 4 of us, me, Dale, Jeff and my son Mike, would often watch Chelsea games together.

After the game we would go for a beer and then everyone to their respective homes.

So I did know Dale enough to know he was an annoying little brat, he was the stereotypical Chav, always wearing trakies and hoodies, swearing every two words and telling stupid jokes. He was basically dumb as fuck.

I could not even understand how Jeff could rise a son like that.

Jeff didn't well in life as I did, after a failed business he ended up on the dole, while I became a successful manager for a high street bank.

I Understand his son didn't have the same chances as mine, but Dale was just too much of a twat, I know it's not nice to think that way about an 18 years old, but unfortunately that's the truth.

I wasn't really looking forward to this trip, and to make things worse, this time I didn't manage to get a ticket for my son, because it was an FA Cup semi final, and ticket sold in seconds.

For a moment I thought of giving my ticket to my son, then I thought it wasn't the best idea, I didn't want that pisshead to bring my well behaved son to his level.

So here I am watching the game with this idiot pretending to enjoy myself.

Thank God we won 3-1 which mean we will the Final, this cheered me up a bit.

But that didn't last long.

I was driving Dale home when I realized the lad was wasted, really wasted.

At that time I didn't even know how could that happen, later he told me that every time he left his sit he came back with a fresh can of beer, he basically had 7 cans of beers without me knowing it, I just assumed that the one in his hand was always the same.

He started blabbering something I could not understand, not that I usually understand what the fuck he is talking about, but this time was literally intelligible.

"Are you fucking drunk?"I said to him. I was furious.

"Yeshhh mate...shorry" he slurred.

"For fucks sake" I cursed, I was particularly pissed because I realized I could not bring him home like that. 

Dale certainly is not an angel, after all this kid is going to be a father at 18 as he impregnated a local bitch on a drunk night out, that's what we are dealing with here.

It wasn't also a novelty for Dale to get drunk and do stupid shit, regardless I could not take him home like this, my friend trusted me, that won't be ok.

What to do then?

But while I was thinking what to do with this fucktard, Dale interrupted my train of thoughts.

"Shhhtop...I have to pishh" he said, I barely understood what he was saying, he had to repeat it twice.

"Now?" I said, now I was getting really mad.

"Yeshh...can't hold it" he said grabbing his cock through the fabric of the tracksuit.

The last thing I needed was to have the inside of my car drenched in stinking chav piss.

I looked around in panic, we were in the middle of nowhere but we could not stop on the side of the road because we were on the highway, luckily I spotted a side road and took it.

I drove few hundred meters more and when I saw a good spot I parked there.

"There you go...you can get off and piss" I said.

I watched him fiddling with the door, he couldn't even find the handle.

"For fucks sake" I said once again getting off the car.

I approached his side and opened the door.

"Come on, get up" I said pulling him out of the car.

But as soon he was out he dropped on the grass like a sack of potatoes.

He could not stand up, so he just sat there talking shit.

He was so drunk that he was barely coherent. "Mate, jus', jus', mate, just list,listen, mate; I am fukking drunk.. I...jus, yeah, I know, mate, mmm...my faul, fault, mate, shooorry". 

This is but a sample of what I was having to put up with, with him still in a heap at my feet as I looked down at him in disgust.

Thank God my son wasn't anything like him. 

Typical chav; dressed in blue tracksuit pants, white Adidas trainers with green stripes, black socks, and a cheap-looking white hoodie, with a Chelsea baseball cap on his head. What attracted my attention was a black device around his right ankle, it was an electronic tag, used to monitor those being kept under a control order.

Jeff didn't tell me about that, what the fuck this idiot did?

That day was going from bad to worse. 

I kept looking at him, he was sitting on the grass, still chatting shit, then I reached out and removed the Chelsea cap, so I could get a proper look at him. When I did so, he suddenly stopped talking, staring at me through bleary, unfocused brown eyes. In the bright light of a full moon, I could see his babyface which was angular, almost square-jawed, he looked younger than his age, making him appear ever so slightly cherubic -the obvious intoxication giving him a certain naïve innocence which for a moment made me forget how much I hated this brat.

For once he didn't have that annoying trademark scowl of his, that look that you see on every lad face when you walk about council house estates.

His eyes were empty, almost lost, he didn't look so though now. 

I never really bothered looking at his ugly mug for more than few seconds, but now that he wasn't looking at me with that fake Mr. though look, I could stare at him for few moments, and concluded that he was actually a handsome young man.

He didn't have a single hair in his face, smooth as a baby, whether by design or by genetics, I didn't know.

His brown hair was kept short, with gel sweeping it forward and making his wispy fringe with its blond highlights more pronounced. 

"Whoot?" He said grabbing his hat from my hand and quietly putting it back on his head. 

I looked down at the rest of his body; his hoodie obscured his upper body, but he was boyishly lean, whilst his outstretched legs appeared strong, with big feet fitted with a pair of Adidas trainers at the end of them.

If you forget about his shitty attitude, he was a strapping young lad, shame he had the charm of a stapler and the intelligence of a frog.

"Time to get up. Mate. C'mon" I said.

He half pointed, half waved his hands in the air, "ma...Ive...friends're comin, jus' now." I smiled. 

He was so funny in this state. I sat down next to him, and smelt the stink of his beer breath.

Of course there were no friends coming, but his antics started to amuse me so I decide to go along with it "How far away are they, then? Your friends? You've been here a little while. Maybe your lost?" I almost burst into laughter but I just wanted to hear more of his drunken nonsense.

After all if I have to be stranded here with a drunken brat, I might just as well have some fun.

"Dey're...ma friends're comin, jus', right now, fanks mate," He rolled over, away from me, and began to get onto his hands and knees, no doubt intending to get up at some point, so I stood up, and held out my hand to help him up. Grabbing my hand, he pulled hard on it to bring himself up; I grabbed onto my car door with my other hand.

After he was upright, he turned and toddled off down the field, mumbling "need'apish", falling again on the ground as he moved. I quickly gripped his shoulder firmly with one hand, his flank with the other, and steered his six foot frame towards a big tree. 

"Mate...mate, come, com'on mate; jus', need to pishh" 

"Yeah I know...get on with it, I'll help you so you don't fall on your arse"

"Mhhhh... can you help?" he said

"I am helping..." I replied rolling my eyes.

"I mean...to pishh...can you hold me' cock?"

"You what?" I said. What a cheek.

"Can you hold me fuck'n cock while I pishh? Pleashhh" he pleaded.

I had enough of this situation, I just wanted this over with, so keeping one hand on his shoulder, I brought myself forward so I could reach down with my other hand and, hooking my thumb into the waistband at the front, stretched down the front of his trackies and boxer briefs, hooking them under his balls. In an instant, I had my hand wrapped around his soft organ, which wasn't what I expected.

I was expecting to find a boy dick, instead what I had in my hand felt too heavy. I had to look, so I peeked above his shoulder and had a glance.

The boy was packing a good size man dick, even soft it looked massive.

I wrapped my hand around its shaft, and there was still a good 3 inches popping out my fist.

Whatever the lad was missing in brains he got it back in cock size, with interests, that's for sure.

I had to use both hands in order to manage it properly, so I let my other hand reach down and gently took his warm ballsack into my hand while holding the case of his cock, while I moved the other hand up his shaft so I could hold his swollen bell-end and point his cock towards the tree. 

He recoiled, but merely served to thrust his ass into my groin, which caused him to comically leap back forward. He shouted his whispers at me, angry "ww-what the fuck, man!? What the fuck ar'ya doin'?"

I was confused "err, holding your'fuck'n dick', like you asked? Now come on, we haven't got all day."

"Oh...yeshh ok...me fuckin' dick ehehh...hold it" he giggled.

"I am holdin..." I said. 

I was growing incredibly uncomfortable, I looked around nervously, it was pretty dark but it seemed there wasn't a single soul within miles, still it didn't make the situation any better.

I was holding an 18 years old cock in my hands waiting for him to piss, but what was more disturbing, I was getting an erection.

"Cmon piss, for fucks sake!" I said almost in panic, worried about the side effect that holding Dale prick was having on me.

"Ok...it's coming...wait" he said, but nothing came out of his dick.

The fingers of my hand were gripped around his dick mid-shaft now, with my thumb and index finger stationary over the sheathed head at the end, `absentmindedly' rubbing it to stimulate his piss. 

My right hand, cradling his surprisingly hairy teenager nads, was cupped entirely around his sack, the four fingers rubbing vertically along the bristly skin of his jewels, prodding and soothing his left sauce sac as I did so.

I just realized that it was the first that I touched a cock that wasn't mine, and it looked like my hands were very keen to explore that curious object, as my fingers moved from his left ball to the right one.

I was now fully hard and in total panic mode, I was scared of the effect the whole situation was having on me, I never had an erection for another dude, and that was scaring the shit out of me, so I let go the boy genitals for a second, but Dale wasn't too happy.

"Watchadoing? Hold me cock!...I was aboutto pishhh" he yelled, looking at me with a really angry face, he actually scared me.

So I automatically put my hands back in position.

"Yesh...good boy" He said with a calmer voice.

The last sentence made me even more uncomfortable, I am not used beingtold off by anyone, let alone an 18 yers old brat.

"Come on Dale..." I moaned and to stimulate some efforts on his behalf, I peeled back his cock head and added "Here you go, now you have no excuse, c'mon buddy".

Now my rock hard cock was pressing against his bubble ass.

"What the fuck maaaaan...you hard?" he commented.

"No, I just have a banana in my pocket" I said trying to defuse the embarrassing situation.

"Ahhhh a banana ehehhh...I got a big banana in me pocket...I got a biiiig banana in me pocket" he started singing. He found the thing incredibly funny, but that was Dale for you, cock of a horse, IQ of a gold fish.

"C'mon mate...this tree needs some watering" I said.

"Ohhhh...shorry tree...you want me pishhh?...wait" he said gently rubbing the tree trunk.

That made me giggle once again.

"Hold me cock..." he continued.

"I am holding your fucking cock...look!" I replied while still laughing, he looked down at his crotch.

"Ohhh...you holding me cock...fanksh" he slurred.

The situation was getting ridiculous now, but at the same time I was getting more comfortable handling his cock, his funny antics made the situation less awkward.

"Wait...itsh coming" he finally announced.

Silence for a minute; I could feel his body swaying this way and that way, on either side of my arms, which were wrapped around his waist. 

Finally I felt the piss flow up along the underside of his prick, before the silence was punctured with the sound of trickling liquid. 

I looked over his shoulder at his substantial soft organ, and began to direct his hose in different directions, making patterns on the tree trunk for no apparent reasons, leading him to chuckle "Ehehhh...whatchadoing?"

I didn't reply, because I didn't even know what to say.

I just kept using his penis like an airbrush, painting my abstract piss-art on a tree, I don't know why I was doing it, I just thought it was fun. After all I was a bit tipsy myself.

After a long minute of pretty continuous flow, he trickled down to nothing, forcing out the last few spurts, before I used my index and second finger to squeeze out the last couple of drops from his cock, with some of them landing on my hand, then I quietly pulled his trackies back over his groin and wiped my wet hand on his trackie.

Without saying a word, he reached down to readjust himself, but he almost fell on the ground over the pool of his own piss, I grabbed him immediately.

"Amma ok...let go" he said freeing himself from my grip then he began to walk off down the road, shouting "Fanksh mate,see ya'round". 

Laughing as I did so, I once again grabbed his shoulder as he walked off, and directed him back to the car, saying "Where are you going" as I steered him towards my car.

"Home...need to shleep broh" he replied.

"Let me give you a lift ok?" I offered.

"Ohhh you are so nishe, I like you...I thought you were a dickead" he said.

"So that's what you thought o me?" I said.

"Yesh...biiiig dickead...like thish" he made a big gesture with his hands to show me how big of a dickhead I thought I was.

"Ok I got it...would you get in the car now?" I told him grabbing his wrist.

"Fuck off! You shounds likess mees fuckin' dad!" he shouted back.

That was a no, then, as he put his back against the car door to make his point.

"I need a fag..." he said fiddling in his pockets looking for some cigarettes, he extracted a cheap Reebok wallet, which immediately dropped on the ground.

I picked it up and open it up, I found a provisional drivers licence, which confirmed his age as 18, and £1.27 in the wallet. I zipped it up, and put it in my pocket. 

He looked confused, and held out his hand. "Err, excuse me, what da fuck?" he protested.

I began, "I keep it safe for you ok?" I winked at him.

"'Can keep it...don't give a shit" he retorted and continued "Have a spare fag broh?"

"I don't smoke...sorry" I said.

"Ok...can you buy some?...wait I gif u money" he started to fiddle in his pockets again but could not find anything.

"Ohhh... where's me fuck'n wallet?" he slurred with a funny confused face.

I giggled "You left it home...remember?"

"Oh yesh...why you fucking laffing though?" he sneered.

"Nothing I remembered a joke..." I said trying to placate my laughter.

"Umhhh...a joke?...Funny ahaaaah" he started laughing, God knows for what reason, well actually, the reason was alcohol of course, or maybe he was just dumb.

Then he got serious again, though he was still funny to me, "Uhmmmm I need a fag...can you buy some? man, I-Im, skint, ain't I?"

"No money, no fags...smoke is bad anyway" I told him.

"C'mon maaaate...I show you a trick if you buy me cigarettes" he offered.

"Trick?" I was puzzled.

"Yeah wanna shee?" he insisted.

"Sure show me the trick" I was preparing myself to another fits of laughter.

"First gimme a fag..." he said.

"I don't have a fag now...but I will buy them if you show me the trick" I was keen on seeing his trick, I thought it was going to be another of those funny moments.

But it wasn't.

He took my hand and then getting hold of my index finger he brought it on his lips. He opened his mouth, then he forced my index finger into his mouth, resting it on the solid muscle of his tongue.

I was shocked, what kind of trick was that?

He closed his eyes as the soft lips of his mouth closed around my finger, between the knuckle and the first joint, and I felt his teeth bob and graze against the joint itself. 

The his tongue slowly started moving, as I reiterated, like a friend this time, "What are you doing Dale?" 

With my finger now all sloppy and wet, I felt a tentative suck; a slight vacuuming around my finger.

I was speechless, but my cock who went soft after Dale finished pissing, was rising once again.

I don't know why I didn't pull my finger out of his mouth, he was the teenage son of my best mate after all.

But for some reasons what he was doing was driving me nuts.

And it got worse as he started to really go for it, his mouth vacuuming around my finger; his tongue wrapping itself around it.

He suddenly opened his eyes and looked at me straight while still sucking on my finger.

My cock at this point was exploding.

I don't know what came to me, I didn't even think what I was doing, my hand reached down I grabbed his dirty 18 year old cock through the silky fabric of his track suite, it was hard as a rock and in clear need to breed.

We looked at each other intensively, that gave us permission to keep doing what we were doing to each other, him still sucking on my finger, me pawing his swollen teenage cock.

Fuck I had the hots for Dale, what the fuck?

I just felt I had to feel his hot silky cock in my hands again, so I quickly slipped my hand into the toasty confines of his boxers. He once again recoiled, I am sure my hand was cold.

He was so hot down there, his soft cock was so silky, I could feel it pulsating under my palm.

My heart was beating really fast, that was the craziest thing I ever did in my entire life, it was so wrong, and dangerous, but exciting as fuck.

Compared to my boring and painstakingly well planned life, this was a welcome break.

I started trembling "Is...is that ok Dale?" I stuttered.

He took my finger out of his mouth, his saliva was now dripping down to the ground, running all along my hand.

"Yeah...wank me fukk'n cock mate..." he said putting back on his usual Council Estate scowl.

I could not do such thing at the moment, as it was still soft, but it was growing.

"Ok..." I said trembling, fearing that at any moment he would yell at me to leave his 'fuck'n cock' alone 'fuck'n faggot'.

Even that possibility didn't make me desist from exploring his hot junk.

I wrapped my hand around the soft tube of flesh he kept in his underwear, my thumb buried in his bushy damp pubes, my little finger rubbing along the skin covered ridge that marked the beginning of his knob. 

He tilted his head backward "Fuck yesh...". Dale was clearly enjoying my attention.
