 It was my senior year in high school and I had just turned 18. I had been watching gay porn and I saw this awesome video with a guy in a leather sling. I wanted to be just like the guy in the sling. Having cum sprayed onto my face and drip off my entire body was a masturbation fantasy I had had for a long time. It turned out I was to go to New York city as part of a week long symposium for high school students at Columbia. I was to have an entire weekend to myself during the week there and I wanted to fulfill my fantasy. 

Online I found a gay BDSM leather club in the Village called "The Olde English Saddle Shop." I had been trading emails with the manager. He said his name was Richard and he would help me with my desires. I found the club easy enough and it looked like a vacant warehouse. There were about 20 other guys there as we just talked and had drinks. About 8pm Richard came over and showed me the "fuck bench." He had set up a sling next to the fuck bench to make it easier to move back and forth between the two. He asked if I wanted the blindfold and I told him to have it handy as I wanted to watch what was going on around me. The main room was getting full of guys, some had already gotten undressed. I decided to just stay dressed and let Richard know to come get me when he was ready to get things started. He winked and told me he had a great idea of how to get things started. 

I looked at the clock as it was just past nine. More and more guys were getting undressed and Richard came over to get me. He took me to his office and told me I could leave my clothes in his office. We got undressed and he took me to a corner of his office. He took out a small strap and strapped it to the base of my cock under my balls. Next he put on a harness around me which went around my back and over my shoulders. He said this was called a "Pig Harness." He said this would be good for guys to hold on while fucking me. Next he took out two more straps which he strapped over the top of each one of my triceps. This gave me more of a leather look. He thought about putting a collar on me but decided against it as he thought the leather look was better without a collar. I didn't have any hair on me except for some nicely trimmed pubic hair. I only stood 5'9" and weighed 170lbs. I didn't have any hair on my legs or ass which the guys who I had been with before had loved that I was so smooth. I had gotten a hair cut two weeks before so I had fairly short hair and Richard said I had some of the deepest blue eyes he had seen. We walked out to the main room as I noticed every head in the room turned to watch us. 

Richard motioned for 3 other guys to come over. Richard grabbed a microphone set up outside his office and welcomed all the guys to a weekend at the dungeon. My eyes about came out of my head when Richard told the guys I had just turned 18 and this was his way of throwing me a birthday party. I looked around and saw there had to be a hundred guys looking right at me, all with huge grins on their faces. I could feel my face turn red and grin ear to ear. Richard looked at me and said, "Let's get this thing started!" He handed me a brown bottle of poppers and I took 5 good long hits. I felt my brain explode and my boy cunt open up. The room started to spin, and it felt like everything went into slow motion. I had a very warm feeling, and felt very sexy. I had an uninhibited feeling of euphoria that felt awesome! While I was in that popper induced haze Richard produced a syringe and plunged it into my hip. I never felt what he shot into me but he said it will help with my inhibitions just like the poppers. My head was spinning, the feelings of utter passion had taken over, and I began to edge my way closer and closer to the abyss. My vision was practically gone because of the round circle of light and I was ready to be a cum pig.

Richard reached down and grabbed one of my legs as another guy grabbed another leg. The two other guys each grabbed one of my shoulders and lifted me up, face down. I didn't struggle as I felt their strong arms on me. They carried me straight to the fuck bench and strapped me in. My arms were strapped to either side of the bench as I felt two handles to grab hold of. They strapped my feet into two stirrups near the base of the bench which bent my knees and allowed my ass to stick out. They strapped my knees to the bench which allowed me to brace myself even better. 

Since Richard knew it was my first time, he knew what I wanted, he got down behind me on his knees and started licking my ass. His tongue felt nice and warm working its way around my hole. One of the guys who carried me over stood in front of me as I took his cock in my mouth. I could already taste pre-cum on his dick. I could see that several guys had begun sucking each other. Some of the lights dimmed, some music started, and noticed some gay porn being shown on the televisions around the club. 

I felt Richard's finger start rubbing my hole as he added some lube. He started to work the lube in me with his finger. Another guy had come over as I started to suck his dick along with the first. Richard worked two of his fingers in my ass as I moaned quietly and told him to get my hole ready for him to fuck me. One finger at a time Phil spread my hole open. 

Phil said, "Here it comes, Baby. Push down like you have to go to the bathroom."

I pushed down, my face turned red and I grunted and strained as Phil's fingers and thumb spread me until his knuckles took their place. I lay there frozen. Wide-eyed. Wondering if I was ever going to be able to take a breath again. Phil grinned and twisted his hand, his knuckles rippling their way around the tender flesh of the entrance to my anus. Grinning even wider, looking straight into my eyes Phil made a fist and twisted it the other direction. 

My breath exploded out of me and I pushed down with my guts frantically, trying to save myself. He continued working my ass open as he began rubbing the tip of his cock on my ass getting his cock lubed and ready to fuck me. I felt his hands reach up and grab ahold of the harness strapped around me. The head of his dick pressed hard against my hole as I felt Richard's dick begin to make its way in. I screamed as the mushroom head of Richard's cock stretched my anal ring so much there were no wrinkles in it anymore. The whole tight ring of my ass seemed to be driven up into my bowels. Richard let out a moan has the head of his cock popped open my hole. I took the cock in front of me deep in my mouth as Richard shoved his cock all the way in till I felt his balls against mine. I took the cock out of my mouth only long enough to tell Richard to fuck me hard. 

I went back to sucking the two dicks in front me. I grabbed harder on the handles of the fuck bench and braced myself as Richard started to pound my ass. Each time he shoved his cock inside me I let out a breath and was in rhythm to Richard fucking me. I could feel his cock swell and soon release a load of cum in me. He took his cock out and went back to licking my ass. Another guy came over as Richard stood up and the other guy put the head of his cock against my hole. With one thrust the guy shoved his cock deep inside as I moaned. Both the cocks I was sucking on each started to shoot cum onto my face and lips. I took one of the cocks into my mouth as the guy finished shooting his load against the back of my throat. 

One after another the guys took turns fucking me. One after another I sucked their cocks with my cum covered lips. The warm cum on my face felt great as I felt another guy take his cock out of my ass and shoot his load over my back. I felt some of his cum shoot all the way to the base of my neck. One guy shot his load in my mouth and I kept it in my mouth as another guy stood in front of me and I took his cock into my mouth and worked the cum already in my mouth around his cock.

I heard Richard get on the microphone again and tell the guys that when they got ready to cum to go over and shoot their loads all over me. I felt more and more loads of cum being shot over my back and ass. I could even feel some of their cum shoot up into my hair. My entire body was being warmed by all the hot cum being shot on my body. 

Richard soon came over and told the guys to unstrap me and lift me into the sling. They undid the straps as I felt the cum slowly ooze down my back and legs. Some cum even dripped off my chin. They lifted me into the sling as I held on to the ropes. I felt a guy's mouth wrap around my cock and another guy shove his cock deep inside of me. Two more guys stood on either side of me and shot their loads on my chest. I felt the guy fucking me take his cock out and shot his load on my balls and cock as the guy sucking me rubbed the cum around my cock and continued to suck me off. 

I felt myself cumming and told the guy to jerk me off till I came. His hand wrapped around my cock as I felt the warmth of the previous guy's cum on my cock. He jacked me off faster and faster till I couldn't hold it and shot the biggest load of cum I had ever shot. Cum was shooting out of my cock straight into the air. The guy kept jacking me off and made my cum shoot in different directions, one load hitting the chest of the guy now fucking me, another load landed on my face, and more of my loads landing on my chest. I could see my cum shoot out up in the air at least three feet before landing on my chest. 

Load after load was being shot into my mouth, chest, and ass. Richard came over and asked how I was doing. I grinned as the cum oozed out of my mouth and down around my neck. The guys lifted me out of the sling and strapped me back on to the fuck bench. The cum on my back had dried but was soon mixed with fresh warm cum being shot onto my back. 

I heard Richard suggest for one of the guys fuck me with one of the dildos from the club's collection. Richard went over and took one from the wall and walked over in front of me. 'What about this one'' I looked up and he was holding a 12' dildo with a handle. It wasn't too thick around so I knew it wouldn't split my ass wide open but then again I had never taken a cock that deep in my ass. I nodded and Richard walked around and waited for the guy fucking me to finish shooting his load into me. Richard rubbed some of the cum dripping from my hole on the dildo and slowly put the head in me. I felt him put it in deeper and deeper and feeling it fill me up. I felt the base of the handle reach my hole as Richard kept it there for a minute. I felt the cum already inside of me work its way deeper and deeper. Richard began fucking me with short thrusts with the dildo, each time taking it further out before shoving it all the way back in. 

More and more guys gathered around to watch as Richard began fucking me harder and harder with the dildo. I felt my cock get hard as I could tell I was about to shoot another load. I'd never been fucked so hard, fast, or deep before and I loved the feeling of that dildo working my hole. I could feel my hole loosen up as I released another load of cum which shot on to the floor. I never knew I could cum and not have even touched my cock. Richard yanked out the dildo and grabbed hold of the harness around me and shoved his cock into me. 

It seemed like when Richard took that dildo out of me at least 10 guys shot their loads of cum all over my ass cheeks and my back. I felt a few loads land between Richard's cock and my ass and could feel the cum being worked into my hole by Richard's cock. Richard took his cock out and shot a load of cum that landed between my shoulders and in my hair. 

Richard then suggested I take a break but still let any of the guys who wanted to shoot their loads on me then they could. They unstrapped me from the fuck bench again and brought over a small round stool. This worked out great as it gave my ass a break from being fucked but I could still suck guys off and they could shoot their loads on me from any side. Cum continued to drip down my body and some onto my cock. Several guys took turns sucking on my cock which had gotten hard again. 

It seemed like a non-stop line of guys I would suck off and they would shoot their loads all over me. Guys were shooting their loads on my chest, back, and even into my hair. I loved the feeling of all this hot cum covering my body. I felt myself sinking, sinking into some comforting hole of blackness. I had had been violated in every hole in my body. My asshole was still fluttering from the anal orgasms.

After we finished he told me where the showers were and handed me a towel he had brought over. As I walked over to the showers I noticed a corner which had some mirrors which reached from the floor to the ceiling. I walked over and took a look at myself in the mirror. My hair was matted down with cum. My face you could tell was covered with dried cum. I turned slightly and could see my entire body had what I would describe as a cum film all over me. I could still feel some cum oozing out of my hole and drip down the inside of my thighs. I gazed at how I looked with all this cum over my body. I walked into the shower area, grabbed a bar of soap and a rag, and turned on one of the showers. I loved the way the cum felt over my body and really didn't want to wash it off and wanted to enjoy the feel of all this cum as long as possible. I finished my shower and got dressed.