 Thank you for your patience and for continuing to read the tale of Scott and Connor. You may want to re-read Chapters 5 and 6 to pick up the thread of the story. 

*****

Chapter Seven:

Scott:

"So, what about it, will you come for the holidays?" I looked up from my papers and turned around in my desk chair as I asked the question. 

Connor was stretched out on my bed, arms crossed behind his head. He took a deep breath and sighed. "Are you sure you want me to come?"

I rolled my eyes. For heaven's sake. I'd only been prodding him for three weeks to come home with me for Thanksgiving. "Connor, if I weren't sure, I wouldn't ask. Duh." 

"I'm still thinking about it."

"You've been thinking for three weeks. What's there to think about? You already told me that your parents are not going to be home, they're going to some cousins and you don't really want to go. What are you going to do, stay on campus alone?"

"Not alone. A couple of the brothers will be here," he replied, a bit defensively.

"Connor, for fuck's sake, I'm not going home to stuff myself with turkey while you and a bunch of bros stay here alone eating TV dinners from the frozen food aisle."

He laughed. "Scott, some of us actually can cook, you know. Even I have cooked a turkey before."

"I know, but come on." I paused. "Are you scared of my parents?"

"No, no," he answered rapidly. "You told me they know and they're ok."

I had told my mother about "the boyfriend" about a month earlier, in mid-October. I wasn't so much worried about their reaction - my parents had gay and lesbian friends and had always been open minded. Frankly, the worst part wasn't telling them I was having sex with a guy, it was just incredibly creepy to think that they knew I was having sex, period.

And if there was anything I had been doing for the past two months, it was having plenty of sex. My relationship with Connor had progressed at lightning speed from our first night to boyfriends, and just as quickly from boyfriends to living together. I tried for about a week to use my dorm room as a base and just visit Connor at the frat house. The need to drag books back and forth, or to run from one place to the other to change clothes and get homework quickly got old and frustrating. I was having to get up half an hour earlier just to get back to my dorm room in time to shower and change. Morning sex either felt rushed or made me late and stressed. A toothbrush, soap, and shampoo were the first objects that found their way into the frat. A change of clothes followed, then two, then more. I started leaving my books at the frat and worked at Connor's desk when he wasn't using it. After ten days, I just moved all my clothing into Connor's closet and Connor made room for me in the dresser. The room was small and the single bed meant close quarters at night, but that was turning out to be not much of a problem.

I started taking a few meals a week at the frat instead of the dining hall, so we could eat together. The other brothers got used to having me around, and even started to joke that Connor was inducting me into the frat before pledge week.

We started venturing out, carefully, to a couple of campus events, aware that people would talk. Some of my friends teased me for spending all my time with my senior frat boy, but admitted that they were pretty impressed. The frat brothers were generally cool, though one or two ribbed Connor for making me his "boy toy".

Most of our time, truthfully, was spent running to classes and studying. We were both good students, and Connor was increasingly feeling the pressure to put in the effort to have a good year. He wanted to be ready for graduation and the real world beyond college. I needed to maintain my average in order to keep my scholarship funding.

That still left plenty of time for good, hard, raucous fucking. I couldn't remember a night that hadn't included a round of hot sex before drifting off to sleep, and I loved riding Connor's cock cowboy in the morning before we had to shower and head downstairs.

"So they're ok with me?" Connor's question snapped me back to the present.

"Yes. If anything, they actually WANT to meet you," I reassured him. A second later, I felt my cheeks turn hot. I could tell that I was blushing. "And ok, that's a little uncomfortable because we're...um..." I paused, tongue-tied.

"Fucking," Connor added with a smile.

I winced uncomfortably. "Yes."

Connor laughed. "I love that you have no problem telling your parents you're gay, but get skeeved out telling them that you know you're gay because you have sex."

I scooped up a Nerf football from the desk and chucked it playfully at Connor's head. "Oh, shut up, you dick," I said, as I rolled my eyes and turned back to the desk. That was a mistake. Connor, the athlete, easily caught the football and, in one swift movement, slung it back across the room, nailing me in the back of the head with the projectile.

"Ow!" I barked, turning around again. "Hey, Captain Asshole!" It was mock anger; Connor couldn't possibly miss the broad smile on my face as I said it.

"You threw it first!" Connor protested cheerfully.

"Someone, please, tell me what the fuck I see in you?" I asked the air.

Connor stared at me with one raised eyebrow and a very mischievous smirk on his lips.

"Stop it."

"But it's true."

"Shut up."

"But. It's. True." Connor smirked, licking his lips.

I stared at Connor for a long moment, searching for a good comeback. It wasn't coming.

"Ok, it's true," I surrendered.

Connor turned on his side, sliding back on the narrow single bed. "Get over here," he cooed.

"No! I'm not going to just jump into bed."

"Yes, you are, and you know it."

I looked at him. My hot, sexy, and annoyingly tempting boyfriend. Connor's tight muscles bulged his shirt in all the right places. His strong hands stroked the bed, and I suddenly felt the hairs on my arms tingle as I imagined how they would feel stroking my skin. Connor's jeans bunched and bulged in the crotch, and I could feel the blood flowing to my own cock as I stared at Connor's ample package. I looked up and we locked eyes. I saw the mischievous gleam in his gentle eyes and melted from the warmth of his smile.

I stood up and walked to the bed, hovering over it, smiling as I looked down on the beautiful, sexy man that was in my bed. The man in whose arms I was about to lay. 

But not yet.

"Not until you agree to come home with me for Thanksgiving."

Connor sighed and thought for a long moment. A flash of worry crossed his face, then passed.

"Ok."

He saw me grin from ear to ear. "Thank you! Finally!" I hopped onto the bed, rolling into Connor's embrace. "You'll see, it will be really good."

Connor was silent, only smiling and moving his lips toward mine. We kissed, warmly then firmly. I returned the kiss, sliding my tongue along Connor's lips. Connor chuckled gently and opened his mouth, letting my tongue gently probe forward.

I broke the kiss and whispered in his ear, "me on top."

"Mmmmm," Connor sighed. "Sounds good to me."

I fiddled with the buttons of Connor's shirt, finally opening it and shoving it gently off his shoulders. Our kissing got hotter and more intense as Connor twisted his way out of his shirt and started working on my sweater. The sweater eventually went over my head and onto the desk chair. Both of us were breathing heavily as our passion grew hotter.

"I want you," I said in a hush.

Connor smiled warmly and replied, softly, "I'm yours."

I lowered my hands to Connor's belt and loosened it. He kissed me again, passionately, as I popped the button on his jeans and slid the zipper open. I clambered up to my knees and tugged Connor's pants off. He wore cobalt blue tight briefs, which only a moment later followed the pants onto the floor. He was already half-hard, and his thick, long cock rose up from his crotch, surrounded by thick, dark hair. Sweat was starting to mat his chest and stomach hair.

I lowered my mouth to Connor's organ, gently stroked the tip with my tongue, and slid the swollen knob into my warm, wet, mouth. He groaned as his penis entered my mouth. He looped a foot around the waistband of my sweats and started to slide them down. They went easily, but he couldn't completely push them off. He took my chin in his hand and gently eased me off his shaft. "You have too much clothing on..." We sat up in the bed, which allowed him to grab my pants and underwear and drag them down his legs. A moment later, they joined his clothing on the floor.

Both naked, we climbed under the covers, crowded together in my dorm room single bed. I reached into a small drawer in a table beside the bed and grasped at a bottle of lube. Connor had become much better at accommodating my cock in his tight ass, but still took it better with generous lube.

"Legs up, babe..." I sing-songed, "I want some nice tight you."

Connor smiled and lifted his legs, wrapping them around my hips. I stroked the lube on my cock with one hand, and slid a huge glob of it into his tight sphincter with a finger. I lowered the head of my cock to his rosebud, then leaned down and kissed him hard. As the kiss continued, I eased forward. My pulsing knob pushed against his tight little asshole, then slowly slid in. He sucked breath through his teeth as my rigid fuckshaft began to enter him. The lube helped ease the path, and in only a few thrusts, I was buried to the hilt in my sexy boyfriend's body. Connor moaned as I pumped his hips, sliding my seven incher in and out, gently probing his prostate and sending jolts of sexual pleasure fluttering through the senior's guts.

I was in no rush. I took my time, stroking slowly and enjoying the feeling of my boyfriend's tight, warm hole. I leaned forward, resting on his chest as I stroked. Connor wrapped his legs around my waist and his arms around my shoulders, cuddling my close as I rode his ass.

Only moments later, too soon, I could feel the orgasm rushing in. I groaned menacingly. "Connor..."

"I know. Do it."

I couldn't hold back. I pushed deep and let loose, moaning "Fuck...oh, fuck..." as my cock spurted hard, spluttering my sperm into Connor's guts. I felt my penis firing again and again, filling him with my load. He wrapped me in his strong arms as my orgasm subsided, my panting eased, and I started to breathe normally again.

After a moment to recover, I opened my eyes and locked gaze with Connor. "Thank you," I said. "I needed that." I slid my cock out of him as I slowly moved down, eyes level with his own cock. With one hand on the shaft, I aimed the head at my mouth and took my boyfriend's swollen tool into my mouth. Connor groaned, loudly, as I went down on him.

"Yesssss..."he hissed. "Ohhhh, fuck that's good!"

I worked that massive eight-and-a-half-inch column hard, massaging his balls with one hand as I worked the head and shaft with my lips and tongue. 

In mere minutes, he was on the brink. "Scott...baby...oh, fuck..."

I gazed across my boyfriend's taut body as I sucked his cock deeper into my mouth. I saw his abs tensing and tightening as he approached orgasm. I pulled off of his cock, holding it firmly in one hand. The bulging knob was deep red and pulsing with pent-up sexual energy. Along the side of the shaft, I could see the veins and arteries gently throbbing, pumping his shaft to its maximum hardness as it prepared to pump his DNA. I gently cupped his ripe, loaded balls in one hand, gently squeezing them and wringing a moan from his lips. 

"Fuck, don't stop now!!" groaned from his lips, husky and breathy with lust.

I opened my mouth and dived back onto his cock. His shaft slid four, five, six inches into my mouth as I sucked hard. I could taste rivulets of precum leaking from the tip of his raging fuckshaft. It wasn't going to be long.

Connor groaned and lost control. A powerful throb shot through his cock as his muscles contracted. I clamped down in time to feel the second throb, this time accompanied by a massive rope of hot, white, fluid spurting from his cock. I'd gotten used to the huge loads that fired out of his cock, anywhere from five to eight thick pulses of semen that filled my mouth and throat.

Connor's hand fall onto the back of my head, holding my head in place as he pumped his hips upward. Each pump of his hips matched the pulsing of his cock, spewing his load into my mouth. I gulped and swallowed as fast as I could as his balls drained themselves, filling my mouth with hot, potent seed. I kept working his shaft until it was empty and turning soft, then lifted off and flopped down next to him in the bed.

"I've gotten a lot better at that," I said with a smile. 

Connor nodded. "No complaints, baby, no complaints." He brushed his hand over my cheek and kissed his cum-flecked mouth.

"I'm heading home on Sunday, be packed," I commanded, rising from the bed and searching for his pants.

"We're staying the whole week?" he asked, hesitantly, as I picked up a pair of underwear. I started to put them on, then realized they were his, not mine.

"Yes," I said, chucking the underwear toward him. He caught them in one hand and sighed, "ok, only for you." A toothy grin broke out on his face. He lifted his legs as he slid back into his briefs.

A second later a dark shadow flashed in the corner of his eyes as, laughing, I whomped him with the Nerf ball.

* * * * * * 

Connor:

Sunday came quickly. Too quickly. I had promised Scott that I'd head home with him over the Thanksgiving break, despite having some reservations about meeting his family. Still, I couldn't avoid them forever. I'd gotten myself into this...

My thoughts paused on the end of that sentence. 

The first word that jumped to mind was "mess". I'd gotten myself into this mess. I immediately felt guilty seeing it that way. Scott was such a good guy, kind, a little naïve, but sincere to the core. He was definitely not a mess.

I struggled for the right word. I finally had to admit to the one that had been at the back of my mind from the start: "relationship."

I'd gotten myself into a relationship.

This relationship.

I suddenly realized I was smiling. 

"Dammit, Scott, you had to go and steal my heart, didn't you?" I whispered to the empty room. 

My bag lay open on the bed, mostly packed. I tossed my smartphone charger, toothbrush case, and a sociology textbook on top, zipped it closed, and murmured to myself, "ok, well, here we go. Come what may."

Scott had convinced himself that I was worried about his parents not accepting he was gay and with a guy; he had repeatedly assured me that they were very open-minded and that it wouldn't matter. 

That wasn't it.

I hadn't told him the real reason. 

I couldn't.

I guess that made me a coward.

My brooding was broken by Scott calling from the stairwell: "Connor, you ready?"

I wasn't. But that wasn't an option. So I grabbed my bag and called out, "yeah, I'm coming down." I headed out the door and down the stairs.

* * * * * * 

Scott:

"About time, man," I said with a smile. "What were you doing, packing the whole fucking dresser?"

Connor chuckled and shot me a middle finger. "Hey, you want your parents to think you're fucking a guy who can't dress?" I kept my poker face on, but I felt my stomach knot when he put the words "parents" and "fucking a guy" in the same sentence. 

He walked up to me, put his hand around the nape of my neck, and pulled me in, kissing me hard. I felt his tongue brush my lips. I kissed him back, feeling butterflies in my stomach. A moment later, the sensation headed south, and I felt my cock hardening. When we finally broke apart, I sighed.

"What was that?" I asked.

"A kiss, dumbass," he laughed. 

"Do you kiss all your frat brothers that way?"

He tossed his bag into the rear and shut the tailgate. "No," he said softly, stepping close to me again. His arms wrapped around me and held me close. I could feel the heat radiating from him, the hard strength of his muscles as his hands spread across my shoulders. "Just my boyfriend," he whispered, quietly, as he pressed his lips against mine a second time.

I melted, returning the kiss. After a moment, he pulled back, smiling mischievously. 

"Ok, let's go. You're driving to start." He walked to the passenger side and started to drop into the seat.

"You know I'm hard as a fucking rock right now, right? And now I'm supposed to drive like this."

Connor laughed wickedly. "You're welcome." 

"I hate you."

"No," he said, gently, as he shut the door. "You don't."

After I got in the car, we pulled away and headed for the interstate. My cock finally calmed down enough to no longer be a distraction, Connor was thumbing through email on his phone, and we had some pop music on the radio. We had some mild and meaningless conversation about daily shit - classes, frat events, and random friends. 

About half an hour in, he said "sorry I left you like that at the curb."

"No you're not. You enjoyed that."

"Ok, well, I did," he admitted. "But it was kind of a dick move." He paused and laughed at the pun. "Ok, I didn't mean dick... well, it was a 'dick' move, but..."

"You're a goof," I laughed. "That was a funny pun. And I forgive you. At least for now. But you're gonna have to make it up to me," I warned.

"Oh really? And how am I making it up to you?"

I smirked. "Next time you get my cock that hard, you're gonna have to do something about it."

"Next time, huh?" he replied.

"Yep. Next time, no leaving me like that. You start it, you finish it."

"When's the next time?" he cooed, dangerously.

"Whenever it is," I said.

His hand landed on my thigh, gently. Caressing it, and softly running up and down.

"What if that next time is now?" he said, baiting me.

Connor's hand slowly crept up my thigh to my crotch. He wasn't touching my cock, but he was close.

"Dude, I'm kinda driving."

"So?" He moved his hand again. Now he was touching my cock. He squeezed. I grunted as I felt my dick instantly respond. "You said the next time I got you hard, I had to take care of it."

Connor leaned over, sliding both hands into my crotch. Somehow he found the zipper on my jeans, and started dragging it down. "Lift your ass a little," he instructed. I did. He pulled the zipper all the way down and started to sneak a couple of fingers into the gap. Inch by inch, he burrowed into my fly, then my underwear, searching for my cock. Gently, he worked the fleshy shaft out. Freed from my pants, it instantly hardened to full length. There I was, driving down the highway, with his fingers stroking gently up and down the sides of my now rock-hard seven-inch tool.

"Connor, fuck..."

"Well, not fuck. But close," he said, leaning over. His mouth opened - when had he released his belt? - and his head dropped into my lap. My cock slid into his hot, wet, slippery mouth. 

For a good five minutes, I worked at concentrating on the road while Connor worked his mouth up and down my throbbing fuckstick. I was breathing pretty hard, and finally felt the rushing in of an imminent orgasm. "Connor, I'm gonna cum," I warned. He dived deeper onto my cock, taking the whole shaft into his mouth and the knob into his throat. That was it. My cock started pulsing, from my balls right up to the knob. The tightness of my jeans on my balls intensified the feeling. I shot three or four really strong pulses of cum into his mouth, and he sucked up every drop. When I was drained, he gently cleaned off my cock with his tongue.

"Lift your ass again," he said. I did, and he stuffed my softening dick back into my pants.

"Um, thank you," I said, not knowing quite what to say. 

"You're welcome," he said, smiling, before turning back to his email.

*****************
