 This is the second installment of Scott teaching Andrew to pleasure him. Pleas read "College Roommate Discovery" first, to get the context of how Scott and Andrew arrived at today. 




Sitting at my desk in my bedroom, attempting to study for my exam, I heard my phone buzz indicating I had received a text message. 

Picking up the phone, I looked and saw a text from Scott. The message simply read "my room...NOW". 

I made my way the up basement stairs and into the living room, where our first encounter took place. My other roommates were sitting on about playing some Call of Duty. I did not realize anyone else was home. Scott really must have been horny for me to work him over while other guys were home!

As I ascended the stairs to the second floor, I could feel my cock beginning to harden at the thought of what Scott might have in store for me. It was midafternoon, so on Tuesday, so I was pretty confident that this time Scott would be totally sober. 

As I walked towards Scott's room, his door was shut. I approached the door and knocked. Scott answered, "Come on in, buddy!" 

Upon entering, Scott was laying out on his plush queen size bed. He was wearing only a pair of basketball shorts. I noticed how his chest and stomach were perfect. He was muscular and defined, but not overbuilt. I could see why the ladies loved to fuck him! 

Scott's room was a perfect fuck palace. There was the plush queen size bed. He also had room for a futon, which he had made into the couch portion, along with a big plush recliner facing the 42 inch plasma T.V. on the wall. Plenty of different places to fuck, in all sorts of positions. 

My hands were nearly trembling with excitement as I shut and locked the door behind me. 

Scott then said, "I guess you know why you have been summoned, Andrew?" 

I replied, "I think so, Scott. Your man meat needs some attention."

A grin crossed Scott's face as he said, "You really do know me well."

Scott motioned to me to take a seat in the recliner as he got off the bed. He was already hard, as his basketball shorts were tightly tented. 

Scott made his way over to his dresser. Upon arriving, he opened the top drawer. He then said, "you will be sucking my cock today, don't you worry. First, there are some things that I want to see you do, to make sure you are totally committed to ensuring my desires are met."

I sat totally perplexed and admittedly eager to find out what Scott had in store for me. 

Scott continued, "I worked out at the gym for around an hour and a half earlier. I got nice and sweaty. So did my jock. I want you smell it, taste it. I wanna see your face pressed into it, eagerly taking in my manliness!" 

With that, Scott pulled out the jock from the drawer. My mind began racing with how tightly Scott's 8.5" cock must fit inside, how neatly it fit, and how lucky that damn jock was to be able to be so close to such an amazing, forceful cock!

My own cock had become fully hardened, and was straining to be let out of its denim encapsulation. I did not want to take my cock out, without Scott's permission, though. 

Scott walked over to me, handed he his jock, and sat down on the futon opposite me. He then said, "get that face into that jock. NOW!"

I did as I was told. I took Scott's jock, and brought it to my face. I was then instructed to take a deep breath, taking in all its smells. I did as I was told. 

Its smell was intoxicating. Without thinking, I reached down and began to unzip my jeans, so I could play with my rock hard cock, as I worked Scott's jock. Scott took note of my actions and said, "so sniffing my dirty jock, gets you off, doesn't it, you little cock lover?" 

"I hate to say, Scott, but it does. Your cock has taken control of me", I replied. 

After hearing me say that, I noticed Scott's eyes glaze over with lust. He dropped his basketball shorts, and standing at full mast was his perfect, rock solid, dominant cock. I stopped working his jock, and stared, slack jawed at the beautiful site before me. 

Scott offered up, "I didn't tell you to stop, did I? Lick that jock, now my little suck toy!" Without hesitation, I did as I was told. 

As I ran my tongue throughout the sweaty, wonderful jock, Scott slowly began to stroke his massive man meat. 

Scott instructed to me to put the jock aside, as it was time to move on to other items of business. 

"You want my cock in your mouth, don't you little suck toy?" Scott queried. All I could do was nod. 

"Good, get down on your knees, and open wide!" Scott demanded.

As I quickly complied, Scott strode closer and placed the big mushroomed head of his cock right at the opening of my mouth. Placing both of his hands on the top of my head to brace himself, he plunged all 8.5" of himself down my throat with one forceful thrust. I gagged as the tip of his cock hit the back of my throat. 

He pulled his man meat out of my mouth and asked, "God, that felt good. You can take a cock good, you little suck toy. I know you want more of my cock, but you have other obligations right now."

I was surprised at this statement, I really wanted him to continue to face fuck me, but what else did he want me to do right now?

With that, Scott turned around and presented his beautiful, firm ass to me. I wouldn't say that he had a bubble butt, but it was full, and sculpted like that of a Greek statue. 

Scott then said, "you are gonna learn what it means to be a kiss ass, do you understand?" I nodded in agreement. 

"Good, now I am going to stroke my cock as you work over my butt as I tell you to. If I get off, then that means you did a good job. If I don't get off, you are in for some trouble, is that clear?"

"Yes Scott, please tell me how I can pleasure you!"

"Good boy Andrew, you are certainly getting the hang of how this works!" Scott uttered.

"Now, line up your head with my ass. I want you to brush your nose up and down my ass crack, then place one kiss on each of my perfect cheeks, and wait for further instruction."

I eagerly did as I was instructed. 

"Good Andrew. Now, I am going to give you some basic instruction, so I can begin stroking. You need to take my basic instructions, and get me off, is that clear?"

"Yes, Scott. Please tell me what I need to do, so I can get you pleasured!" My voice was nearly trembling with excitement. 

Scott said, "I am going to stand here and slightly spread my cheeks for you, then you are to rim my asshole with your tongue, is that clear?"

I nodded in agreement. 

Scott then did just as he told me he would. That's the first time I saw it. He had a perfect ass hole. Round, and just a tad pink. Not a hair was to be found on his ass. 

I brought my face up to his ass. I then pressed my lips against his ass and blew hot breath onto his ass hole. As I did so, I noticed, he began to stroke his cock.

Taking the tip of my tongue, I began trace the edges of his ass hole. The strokes became harder. 

I then began to dart my tongue against his ass hole and start to work my tongue inwards. With that, I felt Scott push himself harder onto my face. I must have been doing something right!

Scott began to grunt, as he stroked himself harder. This gave me more encouragement, as I pressed my tongue harder into his ass. Within a few minutes, I knew Scott was ready to release his load.

Without warning, he pulled his ass away from my face and turned around towards me. 

His cock was engorged and his big mushroom head full. "Open your mouth, stick out your..." was all he was able to muster.

Quickly doing what I was told, Scott began to cum. Stream, after thick hot stream, shot forth from his cock and covered my face and tongue. 

Scott grunted as each shot forcefully came forth from his cock.

Once he was finished, he rammed his pulsing cock down my throat. I was then told to swallow what was left on my tongue. I quickly did as I was told. 

Scott handed me a towel, told me to clean up my face, head back to my room, and stroke myself off. 

"We will talk about how well you did later, my little suck toy..."

To be continued.