 I fell asleep that night with a warm glow on my face and the taste of my best friends cum on my lips and in my mouth. It was a short warm feeling as I was dosing off I felt his cock again throbbing on the cheek of my bare ass, I sleep nude. I lay there as he rubbed his cock on my cheeks then he found the crack and rubbed his cock up and down inside the crack. 

I pushed back against him to let him know I was awake and he asked if what he was doing was ok. I told him yes for the time being it was. It felt so strange to feel the strength of a man pull me closer to him. I guess this kinda makes me the bitch. He put his hands on my hips and pulled me into him. His cock rubbing hard inside my crack. 

I am one of those type of people who get pleasure from pleasing others and it didn't take long before I felt the urge to let him fuck my ass. I kept a small bottle of astroglide in my headboard for masturbating so I reached up and grabbed it and handed it to him. 

He took the lotion and smiled. I felt the coldness of the slippery liquid as squeezed a little on my hole. I jumped a little when he pushed in a finger to lube up my small asshole. He worked in his finger moving it all around to loosen up my ass and then he pushed in a second finger. I didn't protest, I just lay there and enjoyed the feeling. 

He removed his fingers and then I felt the warmth of his body on my skin. He slowing pushed the head of his rock hard cock into my ass. It did hurt somewhat but not as much to make him stop.

His persistence in working it slowly forward paid off as I felt his balls touch against me. I was burying all the way in. I wiggled my ass and hips and he sighed out-loud. He rewarded my wiggling with several hard pushes in and out of my asshole. he relaxed his position coming down to lay on my back. 

Much to my surprise I felt his mouth make contact with my neck. He began to lick and suck on my neck as he continued pushing he cock in and out of my ass. He was only going at a soft pace as if he was afraid to hurt me but after several minutes I pushed back hard and told him I would break if he really fucked me. 

He pulled me up into a doggie position locking his hands on my hips and did just what I had expected. He started to fuck my asshole with a crazy fast hot emotion. I was moaning after a few minutes and soon he was too. If there was a time I felt like I was getting ravished it was at this time. 

He had lost all tenderness and was fucking my ass so hard I could here the pounding of his body against mine and I felt his balls slam onto mine over and over.

With a very loud moan he locked forward shoving his cock as deep as it would go and I could feel squirt after squirt of cum shooting up into my asshole. He collapsed behind me and I likewise fell over frontward. 

I left to room to take a shower and he joined me after a few minutes. Now as I said I am one of those types that enjoy giving pleasure so I never asked him for anything yet. He climbed in the shower behind me and reached around and took hold of my dick. He began to soap it up but he was stroking it up and down at the same time. 

His free hand reached between my legs to caress and soap up my balls. he began to aggressively stroke my cock up and down while lathering it up. It felt fantastic to have my cock jacked off by a strong hand. I leaned my body back against his as he worked on my cock. I could feel his cock was hard again already. 

It didn't take long before his strong grip on my cock caused an orgasm that shot cum all over the bathroom wall. He kept up the action until I was drained. 

I turned to face him to say thanks but he planted a very passionate kiss on my lips. Our tongues began to swirl around each other and we stood there in the shower just kissing for a long period of time.

A little of that and I dropped to me knees and took his throbbing cock in my wanting mouth. I pushed him back against to wall and licked and sucked his cock in a slow sensuous motion. No matter how he moaned or pushed into me I kept a very slow soft pace. 

Occasionally I would pull it all the way out and lick it all along the underside and I would suck in and lick his nuts. I could tell after awhile I was driving him crazy. I kept this up for as long as I could and every time I felt his nuts tighten and I could taste his pre-cum I would stop and work over his nuts to stop him from cumming. 

I finally allowed him to fuck my mouth as he wanted. I just slid my hands onto his ass cheeks and pulled him into my mouth and he knew what to do. He fucked my mouth like a crazy wild animal. I would swallow the head down my throat on every hard push forward stroke he made. He blew his cum in less than a minute. It was all over my face in my hair and in my mouth. I don't think I have ever seen so much cum in one place.

We both slept good that night . little did we know how much was in store for us in the near future.

*

Comment here or send email via the CONTACT tab

I would also love to share stories via email. 