 Nothing makes you feel quite like a loser then spending your Saturday night trying to impress women, and 

ending the night at the bar downing drinks with your gay friend. That was my life for nearly a year. I would get dressed up and head to the bar at about 8:00. I tried to talk to the women who came in. I thought I was pleasant. I wasn't a jerk or a creep, at least I didn't think so. I tried to be respectful and thoughtful. But without fail, they'd give me a polite smile, tell me they had something to do, and leave me standing there, lonely as hell. 

After five or six rejections, I'd bore of the game, and take up my spot next to Carson, my best friend since elementary school. Carson was always there on Saturday night as well, but it wasn't a gay bar, so he wasn't trying to pick anybody up, at least I don't think so. He always sat in the same spot and ordered the same drinks: screwdrivers. The color of his drinks matched the color of his hair: an unreal bright orange-yellow that cascaded from his scalp to his collarbone. It was a stark contrast to my dark brown, short cropped style. 

Carson was a great guy. He was always willing to listen and always did things to let you know he cared. When I broke my arm in 5th grade because I was jumping off the roof onto the trampoline, like my parents told me not to, Carson really saved my butt. I would have been given a beating likely to break all my other bones if it weren't for him. He convinced his parents to take me to the doctor and pretend I was their son so my arm could get repaired. I wore a thick, long sleeve hoodie for the six weeks that my arm was in a cast, and Carson did all my chores for me until I could do them on my own. Because of Carson, my parents had no clue that I had a broken arm, and I avoided the severe punishment for disobeying them. That's just one example of what a great friend he was to me. He was always willing to go above and beyond, and he was always there when I needed someone to talk to... like after being rejected by every single woman in the bar.

This time I decided that I was going to give up on the game. It was becoming apparent to me that the kind of woman I was looking for, and the kind of woman looking for me, was not to be found in a bar. I had just spent an hour chatting with a lovely woman. It seemed like it was going somewhere. I was really looking for a relationship, but sex was a nice idea too, and it looked like this woman was going to take it there. And then I asked for her number. I guess that was a mistake. Her smile disappeared and she completely avoided the question. She scurried away like a vampire who can see the sun coming up. Even though I didn't really know her, this time the rejection really had a sharp edge. It hurt. 

I slunk back to my spot at the bar. Carson took one look at me, then called over the bartender and said, 

"Get the man a black Russian, and fill me back up....please."

I was too emotionally tired to object to the black Russian. I wasn't the type to drink away my problems. I told myself that I'd just have one. I had downed two before Carson and I had even begun talking. 

"I can't take it anymore, man." I protested. "All I want is someone to love, who will love me back." I went on. "I know that sounds

corny and sappy, but it's true. I'm twenty-eight. I don't want to be alone forever."

Carson gulped down his drink and gave me a pat on the back. 

"I know what you mean." he said sorrowfully. 

"How can you know what I mean?" I questioned. "You're gorgeous. You could find someone in a heartbeat. I don't think you're

even trying. You know you're not going to find the right person here." I said, looking around at all the straight people in the bar, groping up on each other.

Carson looked me in the eyes, his bright blue eyes tunneling into mine, and replied simply, 

"I think I might."

I shrugged him off, thinking he wasn't really listening to me, and ordered another drink. And another. When the bartender came

to take my order for my fourth shot, Carson piped up, 

"Switch me over to what Lukie boy is having!" 

"It's Luca!" I corrected.

"Well duuuhhhh." he spat back in jest. "I've known you practically my whole life, you'd think I'd know your name! For god's

sake, I've spent a good fourth of my nights sleeping next to y..." he trailed off, and then looked down at his drink with a 

heartbreaking look on his face. 

"What's wrong Carsey?" I asked, scooting closer to show concern.

"Sorry, it's nothing, I don't know what's gotten into me." he lied, and swallowed down his drink in one gulp while flagging the 

barman down for another.

I let it pass. I'm not the type to push for information if someone obviously doesn't want to give it. I prefer to be silent support, so I just sat close to let him know I was there. I ordered two more drinks. I didn't want to have to wait for a refill when I knocked back the first one, and I knew I would need another. 

Six shots down in just a little over half an hour, and I was feeling it. It wasn't all I was feeling. I could almost smell the heat radiating off of Carson's body. I was sitting quite close and it was making me woozy. It wasn't the first time that I had felt... tingly... around him, but it was the first time the feeling was so strong. I asked for one more shot to try to clear my head (drunkard logic) and then I had to excuse myself to the restroom. 

I nearly tripped over a few people on the way to the john, but I made it there. I splashed cold water onto my face to try to accomplish what the last shot had failed to do. I looked in the mirror. My face was flushed and hot. I hoped the cold water would help calm it down so that maybe when I returned to my bar stool I wouldn't look like I had a strawberry for a face. I slid against the wall and then sunk down to the floor. I immediately regretted it. Bar bathroom floors aren't the exemplar of cleanliness. I smashed my face into my palms in frustration and then climbed back to my feet. 

I felt like crying but my mind was too cloudy to understand why. When I heard the bathroom door open I tried to straighten my clothes and wipe my eyes. I fanned my cheeks. I was sure I looked awful. I tried to pretend like I was peeing. I unzipped my fly and made the motions. Then I felt a hand on my shoulder. I was spun around and pressed up against the wall. It was Carson. He had a serious look on his face. My heart caught in my throat and I wasn't sure what was going on. He looked into my brown eyes, as if he was searching for something in my soul. He glanced down to my lips, and back up to my eyes, and then back to my lips. His tongue darted out and slowly traveled from one end of his lips to the other, moistening them and bringing a shine to the surface. I couldn't stop

looking at them. I felt weak. And then his lips were being crushed against mine. He was kissing me, hungrily and desperately. My brain was so confused, but my body was responding. I was kissing him back. It felt like I was watching my body from above, but it looked too good for me to stay away, so I re-entered myself to regain control and feel the sensations. In my drunken state, everything was magnified.

I felt that tingling that I felt at the bar radiating through me. My fingertips and the base of my spine felt electrified. 

I had this thought that everything was changed now, and it would never be the same again, but I couldn't stop. I think the feeling was mutual because his tongue was ravishing my mouth and his hands were groping at my sides and hips. My fingers were raking up and down his back in desperation. I NEEDED something, but I didn't know what. All I knew was that it felt like I was only getting a small taste, and I wanted more. 

"Carson, Carson, please help me." I huffed. I didn't know what I meant by it. It made no sense, but he seemed to understand. With one hand he pushed me back, severing my hold on him, and reached into his pocket to pull out his cellphone. He dialed a number and I could hear it ring a couple of times before someone answered. 

"I need a driver to pick me up at Mad Cat Bar." he instructed. I didn't catch the rest of the conversation, but it was brief and he hung up before I knew it. 

"Who was that?" I asked.

"It's a driving service that I use when I've been drinking." he explained.

My heart warmed at the responsibility of the whole thing. Then shame engulfed me when I realized that I probably would have offered to drive. It didn't last long though, because when he gripped my hand I forgot the entire situation. He led me through the bar and out to the back. I looked at the people as we were pushing our way through the crowd, wondering if they knew that Carson's tongue was down my throat just moments before. Nobody looked at me. I saw a few women glance at Carson, but then they went back on dancing or drinking or whatever it was that was more important to them. 

It didn't take long before the driver arrived. It wasn't a limo or a van like I had imagined, just a regular car, not even fancy. I stumbled into the back seat. I wanted desperately to resume kissing Carson, but I didn't want to embarrass him. He was acting professional about it, despite having more to drink then I. I scooted my hand close to his thigh and he looked down at it and a smile crept up onto his face. I wondered what he was thinking about. I had no clue what I was getting myself into. I wondered what he had planned for me. It was so scary and yet so thrilling. 

The drive to his apartment seemed to take forever. I was tapping my foot in sexual frustration the whole way there, stopping briefly when I realized how annoying it must be, but resuming once I forgot to control my movements. When the car pulled in to the parking lot, I hardly waiting for the wheels to stop before jumping out. Carson was taking more time. His self control confused me. He seemed so calm. I wondered if I had misjudged his intentions, and then I remembered the kiss. That kiss could have only meant one thing. He wanted me, whether he acted like it now or not.

I restrained myself while walking through the lobby and while riding the elevator to the fourth floor. I restrained myself while I was waiting for him to unlock his door. I restrained myself while he turned on the lights and set down his keys. And then I pounced him. I kissed him like I depended on it for life, and in a way, I felt like I did. I had tasted it once, and I knew that I needed it. His passion returned. Our tongues touching sent sparks all through my body. Our lips fit together perfectly. His face was smooth and had no stubble to upstage my own. I touched his face as I kissed him, and ran my fingers through his sunshine hair. It was so smooth and soft. He felt so perfect. I kissed him until I was out of breath and panting.

He surprised me by speaking, as he had become quite quiet since he first kissed me, as if he were lost in thought. He looked at me with those beautiful blue eyes and said, 

"Luca, I love you so much. I've loved you since we were little. I've been waiting for you to notice me in the same way for years. I should say I'm sorry for forcing the issue tonight, but I'm not. Not to sound conceited, but I can give you what you're looking for.

You're not going to find it in those women at the bar. They don't love you. They're just looking for a good time. I love you. I love you so much that sometimes it hurts. And I'm not just sayin' that to get in your pants." he grinned.

I had to think for a few moments, because I had never even thought of the possibility of being in a relationship with a man, let alone my best friend. 

"I know I love you Carson. You've always been there for me. You're always there when my heart gets stepped on. You make everything better. I don't know what I'm doing... but I'm willing to try." I replied. It wasn't the definite answer that I wished I could have given him, but it was the best I could do in my drunken and confused state. 

"That's all I'm asking for." he said, smiling.

I loved what he was saying, but I was tired of talking. I wanted more. The alcohol made me more bold than I would have otherwise been. I pushed him into a sitting position on his bed and climbed up onto his lap, straddling him and holding on to his shirt for balance. I resumed kissing him, but this time more slowly. I sucked in his bottom lip and gently bit down on it. I licked his lips with the tip of my tongue. I admitted to him that I had no clue what I was doing, but that I wanted more. He told me to do what I like having done to myself.

I pushed him so that he was laying on his back and slunk down his body. I lifted his shirt up, kissing the skin as it became visible. I dipped my tongue into his belly button and he chuckled. His abs were firm and defined, but not overdone. I licked each little ripple and rubbed them with my palms, feeling the muscle under his skin. I scratched his chest with my fingernails and watched the little red lines appear with satisfaction. I licked them to soothe away any discomfort I had caused. He was my experiment and I was determined to explore him. 

I guided him up so that I could pull his shirt completely off, and then pushed him back down. His whole body appeared to be silky smooth and hairless. His little tan nipples begged me to touch them and I complied. I ran my fingertips across them and they stiffened up. I sucked one into my mouth, rolling it between my teeth and tongue. He let out a low throaty sound and it pleased me. I blew cold air against the wetness I had left behind and they stiffened even more. Bending down, I bit his nipple and he jumped a little. A slightly sadistic smile crept onto my face. I didn't want to really hurt him, but I would have been lying to say that I didn't enjoy his reaction. 

"Take your shirt off." he commanded me. I did as I was told, grasping the bottom corners of my shirt and pulling it over my head, revealing my stomach and chest to his hungry eyes. He drank it in and made an "Mmm" sound in approval. I stifled his noise with a deep kiss, nipping at his tongue in the process. I was having trouble not grinding myself against him. Every time I did, he lifted his hips to press against me. I could feel his hardness and it both scared me and enticed me. I didn't want to be a cock tease, but I didn't know if I could go through with it. There was only one way to find out though. I had to take the next step. I lifted myself off of his lap and unbuckled his belt. I looked at his face. He actually looked just as scared as I felt. I knew he had done this before, and yet he was scared? 

"Are you okay?" I asked him.

He gulped hard. "Um... I'm a little nervous, but please don't stop." 

"YOU'RE nervous?! I've never done this before. I'm so scared." I admitted.

"You don't have to do anything you don't want to do." he ensured.

"Oh, I want to do it. I just have no clue what it is that I want to do." I laughed.

He finished undoing his belt and then pushed off his pants. His little underwear were so cute. They were royal blue with lime green trim, and hugged his bottom like saran wrap. He grabbed hold of my pants and looked into my eyes for approval. I nodded and he uncinched my leather belt, dipping his fingers into the waist of my pants suggestively. I held my breath as he peeled my jeans down. He smiled at my nondescript red briefs that made it obvious that I had no expectations of getting laid when I got dressed. He kissed my belly button adorably before running his hands up my thighs and cupping them around my ass.

I shivered with expectation, but instead of continuing on, he laid back on the bed and took hold of my hand. He moved my hand to his inner thigh and then let go. A huge smile spread on both of our faces. I climbed up between his legs and took hold of his cute underwear. Taking a big breath and gathering my courage, I tugged on them until I could see the base of his penis. Once I could see a little bit of my prize, I was unable to stop. I hurried to free it from the confinement. My first glimpse of Carson's entire dick was heart stopping. He was so hard and big that I froze. My fears instantly tripled. The last time I had seen his penis was when we were both very young. He had gained some serious meat. 

He snapped me out of my frozen state my grabbing my hand again and laying it on his cock. It was so hot that I thought it would burn me. The skin was so smooth. It felt completely different than my own. I looked at Carson's face and he had his mouth slightly open and his eyes closed tightly. I ran my fingertips up and down his shaft and it twitched under my touch. The knowledge that I could make his body respond so easily empowered me. I gripped it in its entirety and began to slowly tug and pump my hand up and down. His hips began to buck up into my hands.

"Lick your hands." he told me.

I stuck out my tongue and ran my palms up and down against it to get them wet with spit. His eyes devoured the sight of me. I could taste him on my hands, and it wasn't unpleasant at all like I feared it would be. I gripped him again, but this time my hands slid more easily. I gathered speed and had him writhing and panting on the bed, begging for more. 

I remembered what he said about doing what I like done to myself to him, so I bent down with my face in his crotch and stuck out my tongue. I licked the super hot tip of his dick. The taste was delicious and I was instantly addicted. He had since opened his eyes and was watching to see what I would do next. I grinned and opened my mouth as wide as I could before grabbing the base of his cock and attempting to stuff his whole dick down my throat. He pushed me off with his palm, and then grasped each side of my face with his hands, guiding me back down more slowly and controlled. 

"Enjoy it, it isn't a race to the finish line." he instructed.

I tried my best. I covered my teeth with my lips and used lots of saliva to make him slippery. I sucked the head of his cock while letting my tongue tip dance along the slit. I used my hands to grip and pump the shaft while I sucked the head. I didn't want a single centimeter of his cock to be left without attention. I must have been doing pretty well because his grip on my head was tightening. He was losing control. He was pushing my head down on his cock with some force, and I was having trouble taking it all in. The muscles of his stomach were rippling and tightening. I let go my grip on his shaft and grabbed his ass cheeks. I tried to relax my throat so that I could take him all the way, and I did pretty well. Yesterday I would have never thought that I would be getting throat fucked by Carson in a million years, but today it just felt so right. 

Suddenly he stopped thrusting up into my mouth, and let go of his grip on my head.

"Luca, you've gotta' stop, I'm getting too close and there's so much more I want to do with you." he warned.

I pulled back and his dick slipped out of the warmth of my mouth with a audible "Plop!" I wiped the excess spit off my mouth and smiled up at him. I asked him what exactly he wanted to do with me and he replied that, for starters, he'd like to be on the giving end. He guided me onto the bed next to him and rolled over onto me, pinning my hands down onto the mattress and nibbling on my neck. I felt so helpless, but in a good way. His body rubbed up and down my own, at all the right spots. His warmth was radiating out and heating me from the inside out. 

He wasted no time in removing my briefs. My dick was hard as hell. He didn't act shy about engulfing me. There were no tentative pre-licks on his part, he took my entire length on the first try. I felt the head of my cock hit the back of his throat and it was unreal. I thought I would erupt at that moment, but he seemed to sense it and didn't apply any firm pressure to my glans. The warmth of his mouth was heavenly. When he hummed I nearly died. The vibration traveled throughout my body. I felt his hand reach up and grab hold of my testicles. As he sucked my dick he rolled them around, squeezing them lightly. 
