 "Me, Cyndy and Kev and whoever else we can find, are going out tonight, there's a new band playing at Pump," Harry said. "Do you wanna come?"

"I don't know," I replied. I was damn sure that Neill was going to be in my bed that night. I wanted that to happen as soon as possible. "I'm pretty busy at the moment, heading up to the University Games."

"Oh, come on man," Kevin said. He slung his arm around the girl ('Cyndy'), obviously his latest screw. She was a pretty redhead, but she only looked 18. He was a complete sleaze, but still a good mate. "You always have an excuse like that. What's happened to you? You used to go out every night and have fun with girls and shit. Now, in the last few months, you're turned into an old man, 'Oh no, I can't come out, I'm too busy', 'I'm too tired', 'I've got practice tomorrow', 'I've got a test tomorrow', blah blah blah, you've always got some lame excuse. We're all sick of it."

"Yeah," Harry added for extra effect. "Bring the old Seamus back."

I was about to reply when my phone rang, inside my room. I always had it on loud (except in lectures) in case I had another job coming up. "I'll give it some thought, guys, and talk to you later. I've just got to answer that phone." I went into the room and shut the door behind me, breathing a sigh of relief. It was then that I realized that Liam had skulked off at some point. It disturbed me, stuck in my mind like a barb. He always came and went so quickly, without a sound. It was creepy.

My phone was in the pocket of the jacket I'd discarded. I picked it up and flicked it open. 'Neill' flashed on the screen. "Yeah, it's Seamus," I said.

Neill exploded. His staticky voice screamed into my ear, "That fucking son-of-a-bitch! Do you know what he's done? I'll fucking kill him!"

"Who?" I asked. "Slow down."

"Liam!" Neill shouted. "He called the towing company on me. It was nothing to do with the kitchen staff – they don't even use that service entrance! Get this – he told Greg and Harry that there were problems with the kitcheners, so that I would get a message and get out there in time to see my car going down the road attached to a truck. It's pathetic. Why the hell does he do shit like that?"

"Shite," I said. "Did you stop the towies taking your car?"

"No. The bastards had come all the way here," he spat, sarcastically, "from one block over, so they had to take it to be 'worth-their-while'. Fuck. I couldn't even get my stuff out. And guess what? It's $200 to get it out of the impound lot. Bloody Liam, I'll kill that motherfucker!"

"Where are you now? Do you want me to drive you over to the impound lot?"

"Nah, I'm in Jill's car, we're outside the impound now. I'm gonna fucking kill Liam." The line went dead.

Unfortunately, Ms. Kelley, one of my aging gym-bunnies, had rung me that morning to reschedule her appointment to this afternoon. I left regretfully, a note to Neill on top of his bed. I hoped everything with his car turned out ok. 

It was about six by the time I had grabbed a shower and got back to the Hall. I ignored people and slipped quickly down to our floor. 

I started to unlock our door, but heard Neill yell from inside, "Door's unlocked!" He had the bass up high on his stereo.

I found him sitting on the floor with his knees up, leaning against his bed. He was wearing the same brown, tweedy, retro-old-man pants he had worn that afternoon, but had changed into a black shirt, which he wore open over his tanned chest. Several empty bourbon-and-coke bottles lay scattered around him, along with a half-full bottle of rum. I also distinctly smelt pot. "Dude, you'd better not set off the fire-alarms again. Liam's pissed us around too much already," I said.

"I put the joint out ages ago. It still smells pretty good though." Neill said. He didn't look up.

I sat down on the floor opposite him, against my bed. "So what happened with your car?"

He looked at me and smiled with pursed lips. His lips might not have looked too happy, but his eyes seemed to have their spark. He brushed his hair off his face, leant over, and switched the stereo off. "It's impounded. If I don't pay their fine, they'll sell it for parts." Suddenly, he smiled properly. "That's the bad news. The good news is I got all my stuff out of it and told them they could sell it. It's a shit car anyway – probably only worth about $300. I don't think they'll get many useful parts off it – it's unwarranted, the undercarriage is all rusty, the clutch is tetchy, the starter-motor plays up all the time and the left rear door doesn't open from the inside. I was sort of waiting for it to die."

"So what are you going to do for a car?"

"Well, I don't like doing this, but I rang up my parents. Mum already knew about the car and she hated me driving it, and, well, I hadn't told Dad what I was driving. They're going to give me a loan for a good secondhand car, which I'll pay back sometime, probably never. I pay for everything I have here, Dad can give me something for once," Neill said. "I'm still pissed at Liam, though. I mean, what is his problem? He's always giving people shit for no reason. He's like a fucking psychopath." 

Neill smiled at me again and something quirky happened with his face that looked like an open invitation. He licked his lips and smiled again, then dropped his legs so they were out straight. His shoeless left foot came to rest between my legs.

I smiled and started stroking my own thigh, how I wanted to touch his. I maintained eye contact with him, and licked my lips back. "You haven't done anything to Liam yet, though?" I asked. 

Neill undid his belt buckle as he talked to me. "No, Jill stopped me from going after him when we got back from the impound lot, but I tanked myself up on rum and went to his room a couple of hours ago. The fucker wasn't in, or else he was too scared to open the door. I kicked it a few times and started shouting and Jill escorted me back here."

"She just leave you here like this?" I pushed down the elastic waistband of my shorts. My cock felt hot and wet through my briefs.

"Nah, I convinced her that you were coming back soon, and hid the bottles from her. She had a few drags of my joint, we talked awhile, then she left." 

He unbuttoned the top button of his fly, causing his loose pants to flop open. I could see the painful tent his cock was making beneath the zipper. He eased the zipper down slightly, but didn't pull himself out. He reached inside and ran his fingers up and down his shaft, all the time watching my face. I couldn't help but groan as he pulled his wet, precummy fingers out of his pants, stuck out his pink tongue, and licked them. I couldn't move, I was just so enthralled by my best friend licking his own precum from his fingers. He must have taken my inactivity for fear or disgust or something like that, because he stopped suddenly and asked, "Are you still into doing this?"

I gasped, suddenly breathing heavily. I nodded. I could watch Neill all day. There was just something about him, and only him. I never felt like this about any other guy, just him. "Hell, yeah," I breathed. 

Neill went back to stroking his cock, still stuck inside his pants. "I mean... it would just be... like casual, right? I mean we- we aren't- you know- yeah?"

"Yeah," I said. He was right, we weren't gay, neither of us felt anything for other guys, and we were both attracted to and good with girls. No-one would ever have to know about it if we didn't want to tell them. I got up and turned the stereo on again. "So our hallmates don't come down here thinking we're having a fight again." I sat down next to Neill, my legs outstretched.

"So- Like, how far do you want to go?" Neill asked.

I reached over and pulled his meat into the open. It was really long. I don't know how long, but longer than my 7 ¾ inches (The ¾ was very important to me... I'm sure everyone's measured theirs at some point in time). It was searing hot and veiny and sort of flinched in my fist like it had got a fright. He wasn't as thick as me further down, but his head was big. It was a beautiful red-purple split bulb, glistening with precum. His foreskin had retracted, so I stretched it up, delighting at the way he groaned as his cock twitched. Quickly, the foreskin retreated from his fat head, so I pulled it back up and let it fall a couple of times. Then I began to slowly fist his hot cock, lubricated by the precum rapidly dribbling from his piss-slit. Neill was absolutely still. I don't think he breathed. I could feel his heart beat rapidly in his veiny meat, almost matching my own. "How far do you want to go?" I whispered in his ear, then nibbled his earlobe.

Neill's breath seemed to come in short bursts. "All the way- Any way we can- Fuck that feels good- Shit- You're so good-" His blue eyes fixed mine for a few seconds, and my hand went slack around his cock. He turned his body toward me and brought his left hand up to my face. He brushed his fingertips over my forehead, eyelids, cheeks and chin. His fingers, calloused from his job as a computer inputter for some accountancy firm (completely against his principles, but it was money), felt smooth and light on my skin. He traced a line about my lips with his index finger, then gently pushed it inside and ran it along the heat of my lower lip. I sucked him further into my mouth, my tongue tip flicking on his fingertip. "You're so perfect, you're so fucking bloody perfect- I can't believe it." he groaned.

Neill plucked his finger from my lips and stood up. His pants fell down around his ankles, leaving his engorged pole standing alone above his hairy balls. He stepped out of the pants and kicked them away. He pulled me up and I helped him strip off my shorts and soaked briefs. We merged together, hard-ons pressed tightly against each other's chests. My hair stood between his fingers as he drew my face to his. Then Neill stopped. "You want this?" he said. "Do you really want this?"

I could feel his warm breath on my lips, and taste a mixture of rum, bourbon, coke and dope in my mouth. There seemed to be a lot of saliva. I swallowed. My lips felt dry. I licked them. "Course I do."

All I could see were his bright blue eyes, large, sparkling, piercing into me. "Tell me how much you want it."

"A lot," I whispered, slightly confused by Neill's question. 

"What do you want to do to me?"

I think I understood then. I started to think about my fantasies of him, but decided they might freak him out. Instead, I talked about everything that came into my head at the time. "Um, well- I want to kiss your mouth- and your neck- your chest- I want to lick your nipples and stomach- God- I want to suck your cock in my hot, wet mouth. I want to lick it all over the head and taste your precum and lick the ridge underneath- and your hairy balls- Fuck, I want to suck you off until you cum in my mouth or on my face- and-"

I think Neill's eyes were smiling. He did not move, until he whispered, "Will you fuck me- Please? Or would that be too weird?" 

"Yeah," I whispered back. "But only if you fuck me."

"Shite," growled Neill and ground his sticky hard-on against my stomach.

Our lips met, open-mouthed, tongues playing each other. His mouth was scorching hot and tasted incredible. It was a different kiss to anything I had ever had before, even the one that afternoon. Neither of us was holding back. It was so hot, so masculine and aggressive. I was so turned on that I humped my pelvis against him harder. Our hot cocks rubbed hard, lubricated by dripping precum. His hairy groin tickled me like crazy. I liked that.

Neill reached between us and gripped both our shafts, so that they pushed together side by side, giving our rubbing more control. He leant forward against me, his other arm on my shoulder for support. His head was in the way so I couldn't really see anything but I could certainly feel it. His sticky hand was curled around our cocks (it couldn't close completely), jacking us fast. His cock seemed to twitch where we touched, whilst mine just got real hot. The hot friction was amazing. After a few seconds, he sank to his knees.

He stared up at me, a devilish smile upon his face. "Now I'm gonna suck your cock. I'm gonna suck it really good and you're gonna cum all over me." Neill lowered his face to my cock, one hand wrapped around its thick girth. I'd never seen my cock look so purple or swollen before. I'm sure it was bigger than usual. As I watched Neill, a big drop of precum beaded in my piss-slit and hit the floor between his legs, narrowly missing his cock. My cock wriggled in anticipation. Neill puffed cold air on me, seemingly mesmerized by my meat. I guess he was scared. I was scared when it was my turn. It felt like there was no going back after this.

"Please-" I gasped. "Please suck my cock- Arggh-" His lips stretched themselves around my head, then sucked me in. His mouth was very wet and warm, kind of like a pussy. I could feel his sizzling tongue playing my length as he sucked me in as far as he could manage (about a third of my cock was in his mouth), then pushed me out again and again. He tried to take me deeper, but it didn't work.

Neill choked and coughed. My cock slipped from his mouth, flicking warm saliva on my thighs. He gripped me tighter then, and stared up at me. He stuck his long tongue out and carefully orbited my throbbing head and shaft. I couldn't believe it. To me, this was better than when I was in his mouth. I loved seeing his wily tongue on my cock, and the way he stared up at me made it seem more special – like he was doing it to me and not just to someone's penis. 

His tongue became more persuasive as he got more adventurous, exploring my piss-slit and the folds of my foreskin. He followed the ridge beneath my cock all the way back to my smooth balls (already tight with cum), which he suckled and swirled in his mouth. His hair kept tickling the underside of my cock as he did this. My hips shook. After about a couple minutes of ball-sucking, I couldn't stand the pressure anymore. I ran my fingers through his hair and directed his head back to my dick. As I did so, his teeth grated against me as he playfully held and released me. The added friction drove me up the wall. I groaned.

Neill stopped sucking. "Is that okay? Are teeth okay?"

"Anything you do is okay," I gasped. "Is it alright that I hold your head?"

"Yeah," Neill said. "I like you showing me where to go."

With that, I gently pushed his head back onto my cock. This time, he easily took in at least half of my meat, sucking and slurping with his hot mouth. His head bobbed back until I was almost completely out of his mouth. I thrust my hips toward him, and pushed his head down on my cock. He let go of my shaft and grabbed the backs of my knees. His head easily slid along my shaft, his tongue exploring me as he did. At one stage, he started to gag and came up for air. "I'm- gonna deep-throat you," Neill groaned between coughs.

Neill gagged again and again, but wouldn't pull his mouth back from my cock, even though I released the hold on his head. I was moaning encouragement to him as he finally swallowed me until my whole cock was buried in his mouth. His hair brushed against my stomach and I felt his hot breath burst from his puffing nose. The rhythmic contractions of his gag-reflex sent shivers through me. My cock jerked in the hot, tight space of his throat and I thought I would cum. He held me there for what seemed like ages, until we both ceased to spasm. 

Then Neill started up again. I was whimpering, begging him to let me cum. His tongue pushed up against me and undulated along my length. It made my cock feel wet all over. My body sizzled with prickly electricity that sapped my strength and made me think my knees would give way. Just when I couldn't take it any more, he started to play my length again, pulling his head nearly completely off my cock then taking me all the way in. He was incredibly fast.

All I could do was grunt in pleasure. I moaned his name and told him what a good cocksucker he was, and how I was going to fuck his arse just the way he was sucking my dick. After that, I slipped into gasping words like "Shit," and "Fuck," and "Oh God." I grabbed handfuls of his silky hair and rammed his head down my meat, moaning his name. I was completely out of control... when somebody knocked on the door.

Jill again. "Neill, are you in there?" I saw the door handle turn and had this horrible fear that the door wasn't locked, luckily it was, though I didn't remember doing it. "Come on, Neill, open up. I can hear you moving about in there."

Neill's sweaty fingers tightened on my knees. He was breathing heavily through his nose, but he made no attempt to pull his face off my cock.

"Neill!" Jill shouted. She banged the door loudly. "Are you all right?"

I don't know why, but I spoke. "Neill's not here!" It shocked me that she could hear us. I hadn't even thought about that when we started. I hoped that our neighbors, Harry and Joanna, were out. 

"Seamus, Neill's pissed and half-stoned. Where'd he go?"

At that moment, Neill did something really mean. He licked his index finger and reached between my legs, stroking my nuts on the way. He reached up as far as he could and traced his wet finger down between my buttocks, until he reached my tight, puckered hole. He rubbed the finger over and around my burning arsehole. My breath caught in my chest. He licked his finger again and pressed it into me until my hole gave way, with only a slight tug of pain. His finger was cold compared to the heat that seemed to burn in my arse. He started to thrust back and forth in my opening, whilst his mouth maintained a tight hold on my cock. 

I looked down and saw his eyes staring up at me, a definite devious streak in his look. I was quivering all over and trying not to gasp, when Neill buried two more wet fingers, deep into my arse. I don't remember much pain, more a big shock that my arse was spread open like that. It was not just the sensation of being penetrated, but also the thought that another guy was fingerfucking me that set me off. I completely lost control, crying out as my cock exploded in his mouth. My cock spurted so hard that it escaped his lips, jerking and shooting hot cum all over his eager face and chest.

Jill banged on the door again. "Seamus- Seamus, are you okay?"

"Yeah, I'm fine." I gasped. I leant over and supported myself on the bed. I flashed Neill an evil look as shockwaves continued to ripple through me, more cum spraying on his bed-cover. "Just strained myself doing stretches."

"Can I come in?" Jill asked. "I'm really worried about Neill and all this shit with Liam."

"No-!" I shouted, before I had thought of an excuse.

"Why not?"

I avoided her question. It was hard to speak, but somehow I got out a breathless, "Neill's gone to Mike's. He's not here." As I spoke, Neill's mouth extracted cum I didn't even know I had left. Another orgasm washed over me. I couldn't stifle my loud groan of enjoyment.

"Seamus, are you jerking off?" Jill said quietly, through the door. I almost laughed. That's what I liked about Jill – she was straight up and down and said exactly what was on her mind, rather than side-stepping or playing mind-games.

"Um...Yeah," I lied. It was half-true. Neill was just helping me out with my cock.

Jill laughed. "Okay, um... I'll get you to drop by later if you're not too busy, yeah? Tell Neill I'm looking for him, he's switched off his phone." She laughed again. "Okay, well, um, have fun with your meat. See ya."

I managed to gasp, "Bye!" as my orgasm drained away.

I stared down at Neill. Shit, he was a mess. I had never seen so much cum (except in old porn). Cum dripped from his nose, eyebrows and chin. His hair was matted and wet. There was cum on his chest, his shirt, his bedspread and the floor. As I watched, he ran his fingers down his face, smirked, and dipped them into his mouth. "You are a monster," I whispered, not sure whether Jill was out of earshot.
