 He was extremely horny. He decided it was time.

William arrived at the address he was given. He looked nervous, a bit uncomfortable and unsure of himself. Sean said only three words to him,

"Put this on."

In his hand was a fabric blindfold.

William did as he was told, and was led by the hand into the back bedroom of the small house he'd been given directions to via email the night before. For some time now he and Sean had been corresponding, telling each other their fantasies, remotely "feeling each other out" to see if they had the nerve to act on their mutual (and hidden) inclinations. Sean had simply reached his breaking point first.

The purpose of this meeting was a fabrication on Sean's part. He told William that they should finally meet to see if "we're both comfortable being around each other" as he put it. Sean already knew he wasn't comfortable. That was the point. He was completely uncomfortable, distracted even. He was constantly thinking about it. He was having dreams. He was loosing his focus at work. He had reached the breaking point, and constructed his ruse to get William into the house and, more importantly, into the bedroom.

Sean didn't say a word, he simply guided William to the middle of the room. After quickly making sure the blindfold was on tightly, he raised William's arms over his head and lifted off his shirt. He then knelt down and, one at a time, raised William's feet in turn removing his shoes. Before Will could gather any doubts he might be having into action, Sean took off his own shirt and pressed his chest against William's back, while at the same time reaching around to unfasten Will's belt.

Sean touched William gently. He moved his hands down William's body starting at the shoulders, moving down the arms and slowly across his stomach to the now undone belt. With more of a sense of urgency now, Sean undid Williams jeans and unzipped his fly, sliding his hands down Williams hips touching his skin and pushing both the jeans and boxers slowly down, exposing for the first time the cock Sean had thought about for so long. William's erection sprang upright as if in protest to the garments confining it just seconds ago. Sean couldn't see Will's cock yet, but knew it was there and knew it was hard. The temptation to look was powerful, the temptation to touch - even more so. Sean resisted both, and tended to the removal of Williams pants and shorts. As he helped Will out of his clothes, he turned him around so that when he looked up after finishing his task, there is was! Standing rock hard in front of him was William's cock. It was wonderful. Everything Sean had been thinking about, and finally within reach.

Sean placed his hands on William's hips and gently touched his skin. Will was breathing hard now, and pushing his cock forward almost unconsciously. Sean resisted the urge to simply take Will into his mouth immediately. He wanted his first blowjob to be a slow, involved affair. He wanted to feel Will's cock and balls before touching his lips to the hot skin. He wanted to make Will so horny that he would let Sean do something else, something they hadn't talked about. Something a bit kinky.

Sean began by standing up and removing his own pants. He had a raging erection of course, but because he had planned ahead and masturbated before Will's arrival, it wasn't so urgent that he couldn't control himself. Sean touched William again, moving around behind him and letting his hot, smooth cock rub against Will's ass. He was careful not to give the impression that he was looking to enter William, just enough contact so William's mind could begin to run away with itself. Just enough contact to be erotic, not threatening.

Sean began to touch William's waist now, caressing the skin all around his cock while at the same time sliding his own cock across Will's ass, moving back and forth with growing friction. William's head was tilted back, his mouth open gasping for breath. Because his eye sight was gone, all he had in his new, dark world were the sensations flooding his mind. Exactly as Sean had planned.

Sean's hands encircled the base of William's cock, and then he gently slid down the front of William's thighs. As he brought them back up again, he finally touched the head William's urgent cock with his hands. William shuddered and moaned. Sean began stroking Will's erection now with slow, gentle strokes while at the same time continuing to rub his cock on Will's ass. Sean was now rubbing his cock between Will's cheeks, and Will was rubbing back. But Sean was careful to not push against Will's anus. Sean was saving that for later.

On the head of William's cock was a single drop of clear, sticky liquid. As Sean grasped Will's cock at the base and slid his hand upward a small trickle of the fluid was released. Will gasped again, feeling a new slickness as Sean's big hand stroked his erection. This was the sign Sean had been waiting for. He knew Will was going to cum soon. He also knew that it was going to be a strong, powerful orgasm. He just hoped the flood of semen in his mouth would equal in erotic intensity to how hot the fantasies had been.

Abruptly, Sean released his grasp on Will's cock and spun him around. He walked him backwards to the edge of the bed and then touched his shoulders urging him to sit and then lay back on the comforter. Sean climbed up onto the bed and pushed Will's legs apart so he could lay between them his mouth only inches away from Will's beautiful, hard dick. This was the moment Sean had been waiting for. He was about to have another man's cock in his mouth. He was about to start sucking on it. He would make it cum, and he would swallow that cum. He hovered in this moment, then engulfed Will's member with his mouth.

Sean began by touching his lips to the head of Will's cock, establishing firm contact, then sliding William into his mouth until his face was firmly against Will's stomach. Sean had practiced swallowing cock with a dildo, so there was no problem when Will's cock pushed it's way down Sean's throat. It felt wonderful. So smooth and slippery. Hot and hard at the same time.

Sean began giving his first blowjob. He did everything he wanted to. He played with it in his mouth. He took it out of his mouth so he could look at it and see how hard he had made William. He used his hand to jerk William off at the same time. William was openly moaning and thrusting his hips now. Any reservations were long forgotten. In Will's closed off world, the only thing that mattered was just how good his cock felt, and just how badly he wanted to cum. Sean was counting on this, and began to use his other hand to massage William's balls. Sean repositioned Will's legs so he could better touch them while sucking away on William's cock. Sean could sense that the building rhythm was leaving little time left in this, his first blowjob. Getting his finger wet with saliva, Sean prepared for the final step. As William was now actively closing in on orgasm, he was moving his hips up and down, helping to push his cock in and out of Sean's mouth. Sean took this opportunity to gently touch his lubricated finger against Will's ass, almost as if an offer was being made. Sean slid his finger back and forth across Will's anus. Will started to buck, but he wasn't trying to get away. He was starting to cum, and he was pushing hard against Sean's hand.

As the first hot pulse of cum jetted into Sean's mouth, he altered the angle of his finger so that, if he wanted to, Will could let Sean's finger penetrate him as he came. With his very next thrust, William pushed down on Sean's hand and felt himself be penetrated while simultaneously cumming. With his mouth wide open, silently screaming with pleasure, William began ejaculating even harder. The erotic nature of this long-standing fantasy, with the additional sensation of having Sean's finger in his ass, was giving Will the hardest orgasm he'd ever experienced.

Sean was completely in the moment. It was like an electric shock when William pushed down on his hand and Sean felt his finger slide inside. The cum in his mouth was hot and salty. It was thick and strong. Sean closed his eyes and began to swallow. As he stroked and sucked on William's cock, the cum kept on spurting into his mouth. He slid his finger around a bit and kept sucking. He kept swallowing. He kept on sucking.

Eventually the cum began to slow. Sean slipped his finger out as William pushed away, then kept sucking on Will's cock. The orgasm was over, and now Sean was just making sure that Will was given a gentle ride down. Sean licked a bit more, gave Will another stroke or two, then broke contact with Will's cock.

William was still breathing hard, but had rolled onto his side. He began to reach up for the blindfold, which had stayed in place throughout the experience. It was at this point that Sean said the only other word William would hear him speak that day.

"Don't."

Sean quietly exited the room, dressed in the hallway and left William to come down from the experience. When he was ready, William let himself out and locked the door behind him.

The End