 When I first saw him, he was sitting on a park bench (and, no, he was not eyeing little girls with bad intent). He was reading a book. Later, I would come to understand that this was his default state.

In this instance, the book was William Gibson's Neuromancer. I was pleased. Literate and sexy; the intellect and the libido are inseparable after all, or should be. 

It was a large bench. I asked if it was all right if I sat down. He looked up at me with hazel eyes, momentarily startled that someone, a stranger, had spoken to him. Breeding kicked in.

"Please," he said, nodding to the bench, "make yourself at home."

"Thanks. Are you a Gibson fan?"

I had taken a risk. He might think me rude; an intruder on his solitude. He turned toward me and really looked at me for the first time.

"Gibson? I guess you could say so. This is my third time through Neuromancer; loved the Sprawl trilogy; and the Blue Ant trilogy, but I mostly use Gibson to cleanse the mental pallet, so to speak, when I'm switching obsessions. In this case I'm coming off of a two year run of Terry Pratchett and deciding where to go next. Gibson makes a nice change of pace."

"A little dark for my taste," I replied.

"Dark? Yes, that's certainly true of the Bridge trilogy and sometimes his vision of the future is dystopian, no doubt about it."

"But I like his style. Neuromancer is my favorite Gibson novel."

"Mine too."

Now he was genuinely interested in the conversation. I held out my hand.

"I'm Jason," I said.

"Sean," he replied taking my hand in a firm hand shake. Breeding again. Most men these days have hand shakes like limp dish rags.

"It's unusual to find someone your age that has any real interest in books. I thought it was all video games and computers," he continued.

"I'm an only child. My parents were always voracious readers when I was growing up and I guess I just followed in their footsteps."

He stared at me for a moment.

"Me too."

"Get out. Really?"

"Yes. Condemned at birth to be a nerd."

"OK, tell me the names of your five favorite authors."

"Impossible. They keep changing."

"Whose work do you keep coming back to then?"

"Well, I read the Lord of the Rings about once every other year or so."

"What else?"

"I tend to like story tellers. Louis L'Amour, Robert B. Parker, Elmore Leonard - guys like that. Oh, and I also enjoy Ursula LeGuinn, Stephen R. Donaldson, the aforementioned Terry Pratchett, and Laurie R. King, to name some contemporary authors."

"Donaldson? Interesting," I said.

"Why? Have you read him?"

"A little. My father was a big fan of the Thomas Covenant trilogies. I prefer his short stories myself."

"I think I've read pretty much everything he's published, except for one or two of the mystery novels he wrote under a different pseudonym."

"Oh, the Mick Axbrewder novels?"

"Yes, those."

Sean slipped the Gibson into his pocket.

"Had lunch?"

"No."

"Want to go get some?"

"Sure."

"It's seldom that I meet anyone who shares my taste in literature and I'd like to get to know you better."

"Cool."

"I'm visiting this city on business. Make a suggestion - something within walking distance of where we are now."

I named a place that had a decent menu and we strolled through the early May sunshine talking about books we'd read, movies we liked, and the life of the mind. Sooner or later I'd find out what I wanted and know whether or not this had all been a gigantic waste of time.

Sean was a large man. I judged him to be right around six feet tall - maybe an inch under - and he had to weigh 250 lbs if he weighed an ounce. But he carried it well. He looked fifty something with thinning gray hair cut short. He was well dressed and his suit fit him perfectly. He had a fair complexion and thick sensuous lips. I wondered what it would be like to kiss them, or better yet, to feel them wrapped around my cock.

He was a good looking man, even if he was fat. That's what most people would say. Me? I'm a chub chaser. Sean was perfect. And, I wanted him. The question was would he want me?

I'm about 6-2 and I weigh 200 lbs. I work out regularly and watch what I eat. My Greek ancestry gave me an olive toned complexion and lots of curly black hair. Somehow or other my genetic heritage had also given me a big dick - long and thick - and a raging libido. When I first met Sean, I was 25 years old, out of college for three years and working freelance marketing gigs to keep body and soul together.

We took a booth near the back of a café-slash-delicatessen I knew and were soon buried in a pair of menus.

"What's good here?"

"Everything."

"That's not an answer. What are you having?"

"Greek salad."

Sean made a face. He looked down at the menu again. The waitress came back. She was cute, if you like the type - all legs, ass, and tits. The word "saucy" came to mind.

"What can I get you two gentlemen today?"

"Greek salad, please, and an iced tea."

"Ham on rye. Got any Colby cheese?"

"You bet," the waitress said.

"Good. I want some. Yellow mustard?"

"On the table."

"OK. Don't put any mayo on the sandwich then. No tomato or lettuce either."

"Drink?"

"Diet Pepsi with lemon."

"Diet Coke OK?"

"Sure."

She hustled off to put in our order. We talked.

"Jason, I have to tell you that I do not often meet anyone whose intellectual interests are so similar to my own."

"Same here."

"How old are you?"

"Twenty five."

"You're practically a child."

"Old enough to vote though."

We laughed at my joke.

"You're married," I said, pointing at the ring on his left hand.

"Widower. She died of cancer four years ago. I just never took the ring off."

"Well, I'll bet you've had lots of women interested in you since then."

Sean gave me an odd look.

"What makes you say that?"

"A handsome man like you?"

"Jason, never bullshit a bullshitter. I've never met a woman yet who thought a fat man was sexy."

"You may be right. Lots of men do though."

"Chubby chaser?"

I was stunned. I thought I was playing it cool. He'd seen right through me. Then he smiled.

"I'm smarter than I look, Jason."

This was it then. He'd tell me to fuck off and that would be that. Would he wait for lunch to be over? Would he make a scene? Was he a homophobe or a bible thumper?

"When I was a teenager, my best buddy and I used to fool around with each other in between dates. You know teenagers - all hormones and libido - we were perpetually horny. Well, my buddy wasn't really that into it; he just liked to get his rocks off and it didn't matter all that much to him whether it was in my ass or his girlfriend's mouth. He grew out of it. I thought I had, but when my wife got sick and I was on my own, sexually, I thought about those days and how much I'd enjoyed it. Well, one thing led to another and pretty soon I was on bi-male message boards looking to hook up. I discovered a whole new world."

"What gave me away?"

"Nothing specific. I wasn't sure until I saw your reaction to the phrase 'chubby chaser.'"

"Awkward."

"Why? The air is now clear. I'm flattered that a good looking young man like you decided to make a pass at this fat old man. At my age you tend to cut to the chase."

"Meaning what?"

"Let's enjoy our lunch and then we can go back to my hotel room and talk about other things."

And so we did. Lunch was delightful. Sean was a natural born story teller with a great sense of humor. By the time we'd finished and paid the tab (Dutch treat) I was halfway in love with him.

Fifteen minutes later we were in his hotel room. I went in first after he opened the door. He carefully hung up his camel hair jacket in the closet and stood before me in a blue and white stripped button down shirt with a maroon tie and a pair of navy blue dress slacks. He was smiling. I was suddenly nervous.

"What would you like to do, Jason?"

"I'd like to kiss you."

Sean said nothing. He stepped to me, wrapped his arms around me, and covered my mouth with his. My arms went around him as well and we kissed. Oh, did we kiss - long and deep. Those lips were just as kissable as I thought they would be, and Sean was an excellent kisser. When we came up for air Sean suggested a shower; together.

We quickly stripped. When Sean saw my member, hard as steel and sticking straight out from my hips, he whistled.

"Mmmmm... mmmmm," Sean said. I've got some plans for THAT."

I shuddered. All my dreams were coming true.

In the steamy shower space we soaped each other and slid our slippery bodies together. I stood behind him and ran my cock between his legs, sawing it back and forth as I ran my hands up and down his soap slick belly and chest enjoying the feeling of all that flesh under my control; listening to him sigh and gasp with pleasure as he felt my cock throbbing between his legs and my fingers expertly manipulating his nipples.

Thoroughly clean, we dried off as best we could in the damp atmosphere of the bathroom and headed for the bed.

Our bodies pressed together. I could feel his cock, quite a bit smaller than mine, but respectable, pressing into me as he felt mine pushing against the flesh of his more than ample belly. We kissed for what seemed like forever, but I didn't care. I was in heaven.

"Jason, Jason, Jason," he whispered between kisses. "It's been so long."

I gently rolled Sean onto his back and began to kiss my way down his ample body, slowly, taking my time, enjoying every second with this incredible man and wondering if there'd be a chance for more. He moaned as my lips nibbled their way down his neck to his chest. 

I spent some quality time on his nipples and smiled at his whispered warning "No biting," before continuing to give them a good sucking and licking. His hips were pumping and I was fisting his hard cock while my mouth made love to his fleshy tits.

Eventually, however, I left his well-endowed chest, its hard red nipples glistening with my saliva, and shifted my body so that I had access to Sean's crotch. While he wasn't hung, Sean had a respectable package with nice balls. As I kissed and licked my way down his belly, I could smell him. His cock was drooling precum and the heady musk his freshly showered crotch was producing was making me crazy.

Up to this point I had been patient. Now I was hungry. I gripped his cock in my left hand and engulfed it with my mouth, moaning as I felt his hardness and tasted his sweet manhood. The salty semen that dripped from his throbbing cock was like ambrosia; his moans like the sweet singing of some celestial choir. My lips were soon gripping the root of his shaft while my hands gently massaged his sack, which was huge. I sucked his cock, leaving it covered in a thick coat of my spit before releasing it and going after his nuts.

I buried my face in his crotch, licking and sucking his balls all the while inhaling his heady musk. His hands were between my legs, stroking my own hard cock and tickling the flesh behind my balls. I used some of the copious amount of spit flowing from my mouth onto Sean's cock and balls to lubricate a finger which I used to tease his asshole and got an immediate reward as he gasped with pleasure.

Sean pulled at my hips. "Move over here, boy and let me taste that log you have out of your crotch."

I complied, straddling his face and feeling him guide my erection into his waiting mouth. I felt his lips capture the head of my cock and I groaned into his crotch. He grabbed my ass in both hands and pulled me into his mouth working hard to take as much of my (considerable) length and girth as he could. I pumped my hips gently and he worked me over with his lips and tongue. I returned the favor, sucking him to the root and massaging his prostate with a spit slick finger. He was delivering a steady flow of precum to my hungry tongue and I was eager for more.

I was lost in the moment when he broke into my thoughts with a request.

"Please," he said after spitting my cock out of his mouth, "I've got to have this magnificent cock inside me," emphasizing his point with a squeeze of his hand on my hardness.

As it turns out, he'd come prepared and I found condoms and lube in the drawer of the bedside table, right on top of the Gideon Bible.

I should mention that my cock is about 10 inches long and fairly thick. A lot of guys can't take it right off the bat, so I asked him if he thought he could.

"Ever have anything this big?" I felt a little sheepish at this point because it seemed like I was bragging. But, well, there it was, sticking out from my groin like a spear.

"I've been fisted before," he said, smiling, "but not recently, so take your time."

He was fisting his cock and staring at mine with such an expression of hunger that it almost scared me. He wanted it, and he wanted it bad. I wanted to give it to him. Match made in heaven. Well, not heaven exactly, but you get the idea.

"Roll over and open yourself to me," I said, my voice shaky with desire.

He did as I asked, heaving his bulk over until he was on his belly. He reached back and pulled his cheeks apart, exposing himself to me completely. I couldn't resist and leaned in to kiss and lick his ass, probing his rosette with my tongue and licking his balls from behind. I thought he might spontaneously combust. Having tasted his ass, I poured on some lube and rubbed it gently into his hole. I added more lube and pushed first one then two fingers inside working them in and out and around, loosening him for what was coming. I spent some quality time massaging his prostate enjoying the involuntary moans this produced. 

"C'mon," he gasped, "stop teasing and get that monster of yours inside me where it belongs."

I grinned. "As you wish," I said.

I tore the foil open and slipped a condom on my cock. It was prelubed, but I added more and then reapplied lube to Sean's ass.

"Roll over. I want to see your face when my cock goes in."

"I like the way you think," Sean replied, rolling over, spreading his legs and pulling them back.

I dashed to the bathroom for a hand towel. I took a pillow, put the towel over it, and shoved it under his ass, lifting him to a better angle. I used one forearm to push his legs farther back and the other hand to guide my cock to his well lubed asshole.

Centering the head on the middle of his rosette I began to push gently. Sean hissed with pleasure as he felt me pressing forward with my cock. He bore down and opened himself to me. Preparation proved itself again as the head of my cock easily slipped past Sean's rectal ring with the shaft following. He moaned as he felt me spread him wide.

"Fuck... that thing is huge," he gasped. 

"You only have half of it," I said, chuckling.

"Damn! I want it all before you're through," Sean demanded.

"A pleasure I intend to experience," I replied.

Gently I sawed the first five or so inches of my cock in and out of Sean's ass until I felt that he was ready for more.

"Now you're going to get what you asked for, Sean, but please, if it's too much, tell me."

"Less talking, more fucking," I said.

Looking down I could see that his cock was still rock hard and drooling steadily, creating a pool of precum on his belly. I pressed in to the point where I had been pulling back and instead of stopping, I kept going until my balls were nestled against his crack and his balls were pressed against my abdomen. I gave one last push to be sure I was as far in as I could go and held it there, flexing my cock and making him feel it deep in his guts.

"Oh my God, Jason... I've never... Oh my God... Adonis... Jason... you're an Adonis," Sean gasped. "Fuck me. Start slow and make it last."

Starting slowly and finishing hard and fast is my style. I withdrew the entire length of my dick until only the head was inside before slowly pushing all the way bac in. I pulled back again and this time I added some more lube to my cock before pushing back inside Sean's tight hole. I slowly ramped up the speed of my thrusts maintaining a steady rhythm as I plumbed Sean's depths. 

"That's it. That's it... give it to me," Sean said.

I poured some lube on his cock and stroking it with my hand in time to the strokes I was making with my cock in his ass.

"Oh... fuck... " I said, "your ass is so hot and tight. Feels so good on my cock. Squeeze it baby... squeeze it good with your ass."

I'm not usually that verbal during sex, but something about Sean was bringing this out in me. He seemed to like it because he responded in kind.

"You like this old ass," he asked, more of a challenge than a question. "You like sticking your big young dick into this old man's ass? That's it... jerk my cock while you fuck my ass I want your cock in my ass when I come."

I increased the force and speed of my thrusts and stroked his cock for all I was worth. We were both racing to the finish line but I wanted Sean to cum first.

"Don't stop... don't you dare stop... al... most... there... just like that... just like that... here it comes!"

I felt his rectum contract around my dick before his announcement. Then I saw the first thick rope of cream erupt from the head of his cock. More contractions followed and more cum flowed from his jerking dick. I kept stroking, but I was concentrating on the sensations his spasming colon created as it clenched and released my dick. His orgasm triggered my own and I pushed all the way to the balls before letting go.

"Fuuuuuuuuuuuuucc... ccccccccckkkkkkk!" I cried as I went over the edge. 

He kept squeezing me with his ass and I kept firing into the condom, my cock jerking deep in his guts as I blasted my way through one of the most intense orgasms I'd ever had. I released his legs and they flopped down hanging over the edge of the bed. I leaned down and kissed him, feeling his hot cum against my belly as I pressed my body to his. It was an awkward position and we didn't stay in it long. I pulled my slowly deflating cock out of Sean's ass while he groaned with pleasure.

Getting up, I walked to the bathroom where I disposed of the condom and ran warm water over wash cloth. Returning to the scene of the crime I gently washed Sean's belly, cock, balls, and ass with the washcloth. Taking the towel that had covered the pillow under his ass, I gently dried him off.

"Come here, you beautiful boy," Sean whispered. 

I fell into his arms and we lay together in post coital bliss. We cuddled for a while, took another shower, and made love off and on for the rest of the afternoon and into the evening, with a timeout for a room service dinner, a bottle of wine, and more conversation. We made love, including an exquisite session in spoon position that seemed to go on for hours. I spent some quality time worshiping his cock and balls, getting a nice load for my efforts, and we spent a lot of time making out, cuddling, and just enjoying the proximity of two naked bodies.

We've been together ever since. Sean is retired now and he splits his time between golf, books, and managing my career - opening doors, and giving sage advice. He's lost some weight, but it doesn't matter. He's still my big cuddly daddy and I'm his best boy. Oh, and we have a huge library. We often spend entire evenings reading to each other. He says I'm his heaven on earth. I know he's mine.