 Author's note: This is a story I posted on another site, but I think it would be a good addition to here. It's a mix of truth and fiction. Enjoy!



Sean was a good friend of mine from high school. A year ahead of me, we generally hung out a lot, were in the same clubs and organizations. He was a good looking guy, solidly built, really intelligent, but had a self-image problem because his mother had bailed on him and his father a few years back. As a result, he seldom had a girlfriend. His self-esteem wasn't helped by his father, a big gruff guy who usually had little to say, especially after his divorce. He always had a look on his face like he didn't approve of much of anything.

I was staying over at his house one night, and we got into a "did you ever" kind of conversation in the wee hours of the morning. It finally got to sex, and he asked if I'd ever had sex before. I knew he meant with women, which I hadn't, and I hesitated before saying "No."

Like I said, Sean is really intelligent, and he caught the hesitation and called me on it. I didn't know how he would feel about the guys I'd played with, so I hemmed and hawed, but he didn't let up. Finally I admitted that I'd been sucking dick since I was 14.

He didn't act shocked, which I expected, but started asking me about it. I finally got into graphic detail, telling him about the glory holes in the bathroom of the local mall, and how I'd hang out there and suck as many dicks as I could.

We were sitting on the floor of his bedroom, and I noticed that he was getting hard. I get weak-kneed every time I see a hard cock, and immediately I started thinking about how nice it would be if he put his dick into my mouth. He gave me the opening I needed when he admitted that it was turning him on.

It was one thing to suck anonymous dick thru a gloryhole, but another to offer a close friend a blowjob. I gathered up all the courage I could muster and reached over to stroke his cock thru his shorts.

He didn't jump up and kick my ass, so I continued. Almost breathlessly, I told him that if he took his cock out of his shorts, I'd suck it. He sat on the edge of the bed, and quickly pulled his shorts down and his cock sprang out. Like I said, he was SOLIDLY built, and his cock was very nice...at least 7", cut, and thick. I didn't waste any time, and wrapped my lips around it.

I lose all composure when I've got a dick in my mouth. I tend to be a somewhat noisy cocksucker, and he wasn't all that quiet, either. I was stroking his cock with my mouth, sucking noisily and he was moaning and groaning. Dimly, I heard his bedroom door click shut, but didn't think anything of it...like I said, I don't think of anything but the cock I'm sucking.

I'd only been sucking him for a few minutes when his hands grabbed the back of my head and he shoved his cock deep into my mouth. His cock started pumping cum...hot, sharp, tangy juice coated the back of my mouth and my throat. I sucked and swallowed for all I was worth.

Eventually, his orgasm subsided, and I reluctantly let it fall out of my mouth, giving his cockhead a few licks and kisses. He laid back on the bed, breathing heavily, and told me that that had been fantastic. I agreed with him, still wiping the cum that dribbled down my chin off.

Still laying back on the bed, he asked me if it made him queer that I had just sucked him off. I knew that another self-image attack was about to happen and I really didn't want to have to deal with it, so I told him no, that he just liked blowjobs. He seemed to accept that, and in a few minutes was fast asleep.

Sean's cum was really tangy, and I needed something to drink to wash it all down. I walked out of his bedroom, through the dark living room and into the kitchen. I got a soda from the fridge and was walking back to Sean's bedroom when I heard his father say "So, are you....what do they call it...lovers?"

I stopped dead in my tracks. In the darkness, I hadn't seen him sitting in his recliner in the living room when I'd gone to the kitchen and it startled me. I could tell he'd been drinking from the slight slurring of his words.

I stood there with a "deer in the headlights" look for about a half a minute, then asked him what he meant. He said that he had heard strange sounds coming from Sean's bedroom and had looked in to see me sucking Sean's dick. There was a pregnant pause while I desperately thought of something, ANYTHING to say, and coming up blank. I didn't know what his dad thought of gays, and didn't want him to start treating Sean badly because of something I did. I finally told him no, that it just happened somehow and it was the first time anything like that had occurred. I started to apologize to him, but he cut me off.

He assured me that it was ok. He said he was a normal guy with normal urges and wasn't above getting a nut when the opportunity came up. Rambling on a bit, he said that since his wife had left him, he didn't want to get into another relationship but still needed to get off occasionally. He said he couldn't blame Sean for something that he'd do, too.

I relaxed a bit, but in my mind I was starting to wonder where the conversation was going. He didn't seem upset about it, but wasn't letting me go. He kept talking, repeating that as a man, he needed to get off every once in a while. I kept agreeing with him, until I realized that he wanted me to suck HIS dick, too.

I still had the blind cock-sucking courage from Sean, so I boldly walked up to him and set the soda on the table next to his drink. I asked him, "Do you need to get off now?" He didn't say anything, just picked up his drink and took a sip. He didn't say no, so I slowly sank to my knees in front of him, ready to jump up and run if I'd misjudged him.

He set his drink down, and unzipped his fly to pull his cock out. It was a carbon-copy of Sean's, a bit bigger and more veiny. He was only half-hard, but still grabbed the back of my head and pulled it down onto his cock. My greedy lips went around his cockhead and I let loose with a happy sigh.

The alcohol in his system made me have to work to get him fully hard. His cock grew in my mouth, and in a couple of minutes I was sliding my mouth up and down his hard shaft. He didn't say a word, just used his hand to guide me, to show me where and how he wanted my mouth.

I paid special attention to his cockhead...licking it, putting just the knob into my mouth and sucking it, then sliding his cock as deep into my mouth as it would go. I heard him say "Suck my balls", and treated his sac to the best my mouth could offer, but I wanted his cock back where it belonged and quickly licked up his shaft and slid my mouth back over his cock, taking it until his cockhead nudged the back of my throat.

His cock was hot and hard, and I wanted his cum. I sucked him as hard, fast, and as forcefully as I could, never taking it out of my mouth. Again, the alcohol delayed things, but within a few minutes of really worshipping his cock, he started cumming in my mouth.

He must not get off very frequently, I thought, since he shot load after load of cum. I swallowed and swallowed, but still cum leaked out around his cock and out of my mouth, dripping down my chin and onto the recliner between his legs. His cock finally subsided, and quickly shrank. I kept sucking him until he pulled my head off his cock.

"Nice," was all he said. I wiped up as much cum from my face as I couldas he tucked his cock back into his pants. I rose from my knees, and went back to Sean's bedroom, drank the soda and laid down. I was still horribly horny for cock and it took a while for me to get to sleep.

After we woke up, Sean kind of fidgeted around about the blowjob. I could tell that he was embarrassed, and simply told him that I enjoyed sucking him. He seemed to accept that, but made no indication that he wanted more.

His dad wasn't up when we got up, and I was trying to find a way to stick around until he did. Sean built remote-control airplanes as a hobby and wanted to go to a local hobby store to pick some things up. I told him that I wanted to take a shower and head home, and he left.

After I got out of the shower, his dad was up and in the kitchen. I walked out to join him, not know what to expect. I was half afraid that he'd be mad, that he'd let me suck his cock because of the alcohol. Luckily, I was wrong.

Without saying a word, he reached down and grabbed a handful of my ass. A rare grin was on his face, and he told me that I could come back and suck his cock any time. Caught up in the moment, I told him that I'd love to do more than just suck his cock, hoping that he'd like to try fucking my ass too. He didn't take me up on the offer, then or in the future, but told me that he'd just be happy with my mouth.

I never played with Sean again...he found a steady girlfriend. He ended up getting over his self-esteem problem and married her. They had a shitload of kids and, as far as I know, lived happily ever after.

I DID play with Sean's dad again...quite frequently. Once or twice a week, I'd find an excuse to go over to his house when Sean wasn't around to suck his cock. I even skipped class a couple of times just to get his cock in my mouth, and, of course, snuck into his bedroom after Sean was asleep on the nights I stayed over at their house. I occasionally tried to get him to fuck me, but he never did. This went on for about a year and a half, then I joined the military and moved away. I lost touch with Sean, but got infrequent letters from his dad for a couple of years until he took a job in Vermont, moved there and remarried. I'm glad he did because he deserved a good relationship, but I doubt she's as good a cocksucker as I am.