 DISCLAIMER: This story is a pure work of fiction. All characters involved are over the age of 18. This is my first time writing anything of this nature, so I appreciate any and all feedback (positive or negative). If the story is well-received, I will post more chapters later. 




Ashton woke up the next morning to see Calvin sitting on his desk chair, turned and intently watching him. He sat upright, rubbed his eyes and quickly covered himself with his dark sheets. As he realized that they both had fallen asleep naked, he slowly removed the blanket from his crotch. He didn't need to be embarrassed about anything; especially with Calvin. 

Adjusting his eyes, he looked up to Calvin, "So do you enjoy watching me sleep?" 

Calvin smiled, "You're just so peaceful when you're asleep. You even had that half grin on your face the entire time." Calvin got up from his seat and walked over to Ashton. He leaned into Ashton, pulling him into a soft and gentle kiss. As he pulled down, he softly bit on his lower lip. 

They faced each other for a few minutes, until Ashton broke the silence with a "Good morning."

Calvin reached over and grabbed Ashton's semi-erect penis. It seemed to grow harder and he ran his fingers through the small veins that stuck out. "So is your cock always hard in the morning or am I to blame?" 

Ashton laughed, running his hands along Calvin's forearm, "I guess you could say I have more of a reason to be turned on right now."

Calvin gripped a little harder, "Why don't I take care of that for you? You sure need it."

Ashton nodded his head as Calvin slid down to his crotch. He licked just below Ashton's stomach, gently tickling him with the tip of his tongue, "I can still taste the cum from last night. How about giving me a fresh batch?" 

Ashton ran his fingers through Calvin's hair and confidently replied, "You're going to have to work for it." 

Calvin grinned, loving the newfound confidence that Ashton possessed. His eyes grew bigger as he examined Ashton's growing cock. It was just as long as his, which was saying a lot. Not wanting to use his hands, he lowered his head and gently placed the head of Ashton's dick into his wet lips. He kept it there for a few seconds, licking the small slit gently with his tongue. He saw how this motion made Ashton tingle, knowing that he had found that sweet sensitive spot. In one motion, he choked up on the hard dick, able to take it almost halfway. He adjusted his mouth to the size of it, barely able to comfortably keep his jaw open. Ashton's cock seemed to fit perfectly in Calvin's hungry mouth, and just having it there gave Calvin a rush. He eased up a little, sucking slowly while running his tongue along the bottom. His tongue could feel every ridge and every vein, then finding that same sensitive spot along the head. Ashton's cock had a taste that Calvin could not describe; he just knew that he loved in. He bobbed his head back and forth, taking all of Ashton's length. He could feel the tip of Ashton's penis tap the back of his throat every time he took it in. Ashton was thrusting slow, not wanting to choke Calvin. It took every ounce of willpower to keep himself from cumming right when Calvin licked the tip. Calvin knew that this was Ashton's first blowjob, and he was determined to make it one he'd never forget. 

Ashton let out a few moans, "Ohh fuck!" as Calvin continued to suck his long cock. He felt like he was in a trance; not thinking about anything. He just felt that warm, wet mouth all over his sensitive dick. He felt Calvin's tongue tracing along his shaft and those wet lips gliding along his length. He looked down to see Calvin looking up at him with a mouth full of cock. His eyes had a look of innocence, yet they both knew what he was doing was far from innocent. Calvin started picking up the pace, bobbing his head back and forth as Ashton closed his eyes. The spit all over his dick made it go in and out of Calvin's mouth smoothly as he pushed his head all the way in; touching the soft patch of Ashton's pubes. Ashton had gone into that ecstatic state: his body grew numb except his dick. He could feel his heart beating faster and started to breathe harder. He knew that he was close; so close that he didn't want this feeling to stop. 

He looked down at Calvin and spoke, "Calvin, I'm so close. I'm going to cum!" He then tried to pull his body away from Calvin's hungry mouth. But Calvin didn't want to let go; he put his arms around Ashton's body, not allowing him to pull away. 

Ashton was mere seconds away from busting when he looked down at Calvin, "Dude, if you don't let go I'm going to cum inside your mouth!" Calvin gave him a nod, signaling that he was ready for the load; he wanted it inside of him, he wanted to taste it. Ashton couldn't take it any longer; streams of hot cum gushed out of the tip of his cock, coating the back of Calvin's throat. Calvin's eyes grew bigger as he felt the cum spraying all over his mouth. Ashton just kept squirting stream after stream, losing full control of himself. Calvin could taste the warm cum on his tongue; it was sweet with a faint saltiness and was definitely like nothing he'd tasted before. He kept it in his mouth for a few minutes, savoring the juice he had worked so hard for. He finally swallowed it all in one gulp, feeling it seep down his throat, coating it generously. 

Calvin had swallowed so much cum that it took him a few minutes to be able to speak, "I never knew how good that would taste." 

Ashton laughed, "And here I was thinking that I should pull out." Calvin licked up what was left on his lips as he was lifted up. Ashton pulled him in to a sensual kiss, running his tongue along Calvin's, tasting the remnants of his jizz. Calvin embraced him into his arms and savored the moment they were in.

Glancing over Ashton's shoulder to see his alarm, he saw the time, "Now I really, emphasis on really, hate to go, but I have a class in about 20 minutes and I would really love to not spend my first day smelling like sweat and semen." 

Ashton laughed and gave him a final kiss, "Yeah, you should go get yourself cleaned up. You might want to use mouthwash you little cocksucker." 

Calvin looked over as he grabbed his clothes and replied, "It takes one to know one." He got dressed and headed out of Ashton's room, leaving him lying there. He remained still for a few minutes trying to take everything in. It took a while to digest what had happened over the past twelve or so hours, and the more he thought about it, the more freaked out he got. Before coming to college, Ashton was a straight-edged kid who lived safe. He never made decisions without thinking them all the way through; weighing the consequences and taking his sweet time before he chose. And yet here he was, a string of impulses later, lying in his dorm room after having this one night fling with this guy he just met last night. Just yesterday, he was a virgin, and now he had gone where most straight men never go. It didn't help that he was still coming to terms with his newfound sexuality, but all of this rapid change was starting to make him go insane. He just couldn't keep thinking about all of this right now, so he got dressed and went for a long walk around campus.

As he walked, he hoped that he would somehow stumble upon some clarity. These actions weren't like the old Ashton and he wasn't sure if he approved of his newfound persona. He just knew that those few moments of impulse and giving in to his desire made him, in simplest terms, happy. There wasn't this long period of deliberation, but just glimpses of chance: and maybe all of those risks were coming back to haunt them. He knew he needed to find the answers soon, he just didn't know if he was ready to find them.

It was about 7 when Ashton came knocking on Calvin's door. Calvin quickly answered the door, greeting him. Ashton's quiet demeanor and smile-less face told Calvin that something was up, so he welcomed him in and motioned for him to sit down. As Ashton sat down, Calvin looked over at him, "So what's on your mind Ash?" 

Ashton replied, "I just came here because I needed to talk to you and figure things out. This whole chain of spontaneous events isn't me. Hell, the past 24 hours has been a series of impulse after impulse, and now that the dust has settled, I'm not sure how I feel about all of this."

Calvin interjected, "I totally get what you're saying. I mean, it's not like I just got up to random guys all the time and make things happen. I just saw a chance with you and knew that if I didn't take it, it'll never come back around."

Ashton continued, "Exactly. And I'm having a problem with all of it because I never take chances without seeing where I'll end up. I mean, we don't even know anything about each other beyond first names." And as Ashton continued, Calvin somewhat felt relieved. This whole thing had been a little too much for him. He thought that by leaving last night when he tried, he could avoid all of this mess, but here he was having the conversation he didn't want. 

Ashton continued, "I just don't know if I'm ready for this"

Calvin asked, "Ready for all of what, exactly?"

Ashton replied, "All of it: this friendship/relationship/friends-with-benefits crap. Calvin, before I came here, I liked girls. And ever since that first night in the showers, I'm conflicted. I just don't know if I want to come to terms with all of this." Ashton's words were hard pills to swallow because although he felt the same, part of him felt wanted more. 

Calvin cut him off, "I understand Ash. And we don't have to be polite about this, we're adults and we made a series of decisions that maybe we're not so proud of. So why don't we just end this conversation now with a simple goodbye" He couldn't explain how those words flew out of his mouth. He just knew that if they continued talking, they'd deep into complication subjects that he always avoided. 

Ashton, surprised at Calvin's agreement, responded, "Thanks for getting it. I'm just sorry it went down like this. I'll see you around." As he finished, he gave Calvin an awkward hug and left. Calvin just stood there, knowing that he probably just let go of something really special. 

A couple weeks went by as Ashton kept his distance, not just from Calvin, but from everything he'd been feeling. Although they were only a few rooms away from each other, their paths never crossed, giving Ashton a sign that maybe it wasn't meant to work out. He did, however, find that distance only made his feelings intensity. It was as if the more he tried to rid himself of those urges, the more they controlled his every thought. He tried to mask them by focusing on his studies and meeting new people, but they just kept coming back to haunt him. Meanwhile, Calvin was struggling with his own conflicts. Unlike Ashton, he came to terms with his new sexuality quite easily. This transformation of sorts really helped him understand why his past relationships never worked; because he didn't have exactly what he needed. Although he seemed to have found his new identity, he was still the same Calvin that only hooked up, never committed. He told himself that straight, gay or bisexual, his tendencies wouldn't change, not for Ashton or anyone. He told himself that all the time, but inside he knew he was wrong. 

Ashton had told himself that he was doing great, but he knew that he wasn't. These urges had taken over and he found that he couldn't concentrate on anything without feeling the need to satisfy his cravings. It had never been so bad; he had been a virgin for the longest time and his needs never controlled so much of his daily life back then. It was only about 9 when Ashton had finished his work. He looked down to see his cock, fully erect inside his loose shorts. He knew that masturbating wouldn't solve his issue and he'd only be yearning for more. So he turned off the lights and tried to sleep; hoping he could forget about everything. He closed his eyes for a few minutes, then the images started to appear. He saw Calvin's silhouette in the shower, rubbing along his chest as the water dipped down his body. He rolled to his side trying to make it go away, but it wouldn't. He then saw Calvin's face as he was about to penetrate him for the first time. He could feeling his dick throbbing from the thoughts he had. He knew he couldn't escape them anymore. He sat up on his bed and caught his breath. Without thinking he grabbed his key and bolted out of his room. He rushed down the hall shirtless and barefoot, seeing that all the other doors were closed. His cock remained hard as he made it to the door and knocked. Those few minutes he waited seemed like a lifetime. Calvin opened the door wearing nothing more than a thin pair of boxers. Surprised to Ashton, he thought his eyes were deceiving him. 

Calvin looked over at a frantic Ashton and spoke, "Ash, what are you doing here? Is everything alright?"

Ashton spoke so fast it was hard to keep up, "No, everything's not alright. Ever since our talk a few weeks ago, I haven't been able to do anything without having these urges. Hell I couldn't even sleep tonight without my cock throbbing between my legs. I know I said I needed space and that I wasn't ready to come to terms with everything. But fuck thinking things through. I need this. I need you, right now." Just as he finished, he grabbed Calvin by the waist and pushed him against the wall, slamming the door in the process. 

Calvin stopped him for a minute, "Are you sure you want this, if you say yes, then I'm not holding back."

Ashton got to his knees and quickly pulled down Calvin's boxers then replied, "I'm sure. And Calvin, please don't hold back on me." He grabbed Calvin's hard dick in his hands and started beating it. He could feel it growing the more he played with it. He then took it in his mouth and started sucking along the shaft. He forgot how good a Calvin's cock tasted. Calvin almost came with the intensity that he was feeling. Ashton eased up on it, trying to take it deeper and deeper, wanting to feel all of it in his hungry mouth. He bobbed his head back and forth, each time taking a little more of it. Soon, he could feel Calvin's tip at the back of his throat. Spit started flying as Calvin thrust harder and faster. Ashton opened wider, lowering his tongue and allowing the cock to slide in and out without friction. At point, his gag reflex was thrown out the window and he deep throated that cock like he was an expert. Calvin was breathing harder as Ashton took his huge length. Ashton knew that if he continued, he'd had his mouth full of warm cum, but he didn't want just an intense blowjob; he wanted to go all the way. He stopped sucking Calvin's cock and sat up on the counter, spreading his legs to show his tight ass hole. Calvin, confused at first, knew what Ashton was doing. 

Ashton looked over at Calvin and instructed him, "I want to you get my hole ready for your cock." He then bent over and with both hands, starting spreading Ashton's cheeks apart, showing his little hole. He pulled Ashton out a little to get better access and in one motion, licked along his crack to the base of his cock. He once again had the taste of Ashton's ass in his mouth; he savored it and wanted more. He dipped his head down and started licking, making circles around Ashton's hole. These movements made Ashton quiver. He then used the tip of his tongue to get deeper, forcing it into Ashton's ass. He took a finger, coated it with spit and started to trace along the edges of his ass. He slowly inserted it inside and started to finger Ashton very slowly. Ashton relaxed his ass as Calvin was fingering him and slowly his ass started to open wider. 

Calvin was up to two fingers when Ashton cried out, "Ugh. Stop teasing me, I'm ready." Calvin was starting to see a new side of Ashton. He wasn't that timid guy who he found in the shower room anymore. Ashton was confident as he took control of the situation, telling Calvin exactly what he wanted. And Calvin was more than willing to oblige. He grabbed his cock in his hand, coating it with spit, and positioning it right next to Ashton's hole. 

Ashton grabbed his writs and instructed, "And Calvin. Don't hold back." Right when Ashton finished, Calvin mercilessly slammed into Ashton's ass, giving him his entire length. Ashton let out a huge scream as he felt Calvin penetrating him fully. Calvin stopped, keeping all eight inches of his cock inside Ashton.

As Ashton adjusted, he said to Calvin, "I take it back. You are so not a tease." Calvin laughed as he started to thrust in and out of Ashton's ass. His ass was still tight like he remembered, He could feel the friction between his cock and Ashton's insides as he pulled in and out, keeping the tip of his cock inside of Ashton. Taking Ashton's former words to heart, he started to ram inside of him. He put his hands on the wall as a brace and started thrusting faster and faster. Ashton lifted his legs up, allowing better penetration. He finally had that feeling he was longing for and as Calvin mercilessly pounded his hole, he knew he was satisfying those urges. He started to moan as Calvin was massaging his prostate with his cock. He leaned Calvin in and they started to kiss while he was being fucked. Ashton could feel Calvin's body heat on his skin, and as he started to fuck harder, a thin layer of sweat started to drip down his chest. 

He broke the kiss for a second and spoke, "Fuck me Calvin. Fuck me just like that." Calvin kissed him one last time then pounded away, giving Ashton exactly what he wanted. He started into Ashton's eyes that had that same look of desire as he did a few weeks ago. After about an hour of fucking, Calvin had reached his moment of climax; he couldn't feeling his body aching, just the feeling of his cock inside of Ashton. He knew that once he hit this point, it would only be a matter of minutes before he would burst. He grabbed Ashton, and fucked him harder than he had before. Ashton knew that he was close and he held tight, wanting Calvin's seed inside him. Calvin finally locked Ashton into a deep kiss and started to cum. Ashton closed his eyes as his ass started to fill with warm jizz; a feeling that almost made him explode. Calvin started panting as his body grew weak; he could feel his sensitive cock still inside of Ashton, drowning in a pool of his cum. 

Ashton brought Calvin in for a kiss, "You don't know how good your cum feels in my ass."

Calvin, still catching his breath, replied, "I'm pretty sure I do." Using every ounce of strength he still had, he picked up Ashton off the counter and carried him a few steps to his bed. He lowered them down gently, keeping his cock inside Ashton the whole time. He then gave Ashton a couple last strokes, and then pulled his cock out from inside of him. Ashton could feel the cum oozing out of his hole and onto Calvin's sheets. He opened his mouth as Calvin brought his cum-drenched cock over to him. He took it all in, sucking the remaining cum off the edges of his dick. 

Calvin leaned in for a kiss, "Mmm. I'd have to say that my cum tastes better than yours."

Ashton, surprised at Calvin's comment, responded, "Is that so? Well there's only one way we can be sure." Calvin grinned, then moved down towards Ashton's cock. Ashton had only been beating it for a few seconds when streams of his cum splashed all over Calvin's mouth, coating his lips with hot semen. Calvin wasn't quick enough at licking up the cum as some of it dripped down his chin and onto Ashton's crotch. He licked up what he could with the tip of his tongue and tasted Ashton's fresh jizz. Based on the look on Calvin's face, Ashton could tell he liked it.

Ashton spoke, "So what's the verdict?"

Calvin, licking his lips one more time, replied, "You put up one hell of an argument Ash, but sadly it's a tie." 
