 All characters are 18+

Author's Note: I've been getting requests for paranormal stories so here's the first of many to come. I will be posting more short stories of all things considered paranormal or supernatural along with my ongoing series The Fallen. Any other requests or feedback would be great. I always read my emails so don't be shy. Thank you for reading!~ 

*

The church bells tolled, signaling 6 o'clock in the evening. The same time a precious life was lost. A soldier by the name of Alex Conners, died in enemy fire, far away from home. He was a great soldier, they said. His family held the funeral a month later with family, friends, and David.

A year later now, David stood in front of the grave of his lover. Of course Alex's family never knew, David did not have the heart to ruin their image of their son. Alex came from a religious family, and yet somehow fell for the scrawny, young man, David.

The skinny brunette, stared at the grave with a bouquet of red and white roses in his hands. He missed Alex, his closest friend and secret lover. He set the roses down, silently wishing he could see him again. As he moved his hand away, David felt something grab his wrist. He jerked away, his hazel eyes searched for what could have grabbed him, but saw nothing. He sighed, "You're imagining things again..." He adjusted the oversized coat he was wearing, one of Alex's old clothes, and walked back to his car.

David lived in a one bedroom apartment alone. He worked as a computer programmer and worked at home. Arriving home he stripped down to his under ware and turned the heat up to chase away the autumn chill. As he passed the bathroom he thought he saw something in the corner of his eye. Looking to the right, he only saw his own reflection. A skinny, pale, 19 year old with a messy chop of brown hair, and hazel eyes.

He shook his head and headed to bed. A dark figure stood by the bed, causing David to jump back and turn the light on. His body shook and tears filled his eyes. "Davey. It's me." The familiar voice spoke.

He looked the same as he remembered. Short golden hair, grey-blue eyes, golden curls covered a strong fit body. David stood there wide-eyed, on the edge of overwhelming joy and horror. This could not be him. He died. He thought over and over as he stepped closer to the man. David reached out and touched the Alex look-a-like. Real. He half expected his hand to faze right through him like in a movie.

"It's really me, Davey." Alex spoke softly and hugged the slender man tightly. David burst into tears and incoherent words. Alex tipped his chin up and kissed him softly. Just as David remembered, soft lips firmly and sensual on his own. The kiss ended briefly, both were panting to catch their breath. "I missed you."

"But you died. At your funeral-!" A hand stopped David's words and a wet tongue circled around his right ear.

"I'm here now."

The heated scent of lust filled the small bedroom and clothes disappeared from David's body. The feel of the sheets on his back and the weight of his long lost lover, on top his body. Everything about him felt real. His scent, the smooth skin of his back, and the hot organ between his cheeks.

Methodically, Alex spit onto David's puckered hole and massaged him open. Then spread more saliva on his thick member before rubbing the mushroom-shaped head into David's entrance. He sighed and grunted with pleasure as his cock was being squeezed and sucked deeper inside. "You're so tight, Davey."

David could not manage to make a sentence before the cock in his ass grazed over his prostate. Desire flooded through his veins and he gripped the back of Alex's head above him. "Alex..." he said in a breathy whisper.

He did not see it but Alex gave a smile and lifted David's small body up and against him, making him sit on his lap with his cock still inside. "Ride me baby." David tightened slightly more around the huge member as he used Alex's shoulders to help lift himself up slightly and slam back down.

Alex's face looked like he was flying on cloud nine. David kept pulling on him and sucking on his member at a fast pace. With every movement his huge cock was hitting his hot spot. He knew he was getting close to an orgasm.

David felt Alex grab hips and began to slam him down on his cock. Harder and faster, David could not hold it anymore. He held on to his lover and came. He panted softly and looked down. His come was splattered on his and Alex's stomach and chest.

The still hard member in his ass told him it wasn't over. Alex pushed him onto his back and thrusted his cock gently inside. He whimpered and moaned at the agonisingly slow pace. But Alex always had loved this. Teasing his his body with his lips on his nipples, grazing his teeth on his ear lopes and sucking on his neck.

Alex's hot breath touched his neck, "Oh, David. I'm so close to filling that tight little ass of yours. Do you want me to?" He ground his hips into David more, making his cock swirl inside his ass.

"Yes." He said breathy. He grabbed a hold of Alex's shoulders. Alex lifted David's legs up and over his shoulders he leaned over David's lean frame and forced his cock deeper inside. David moaned and held on. Alex gripped the headboard above and started to thrust wildly into David. The bed shook with the intensity of his thrusts and the headboard beat against the apartment wall, he'd probably hear about it from the neighbors tomorrow.

Sweat covered them and made their bodies slick. Alex's thrust got slower and harder, he panted and shook with David. "So close. David, I love you." With one more hard thrust, Alex 's cock exploded inside him. David could feel the hot cum fill his ass and stomach too. That's not normal a slight thought entered his mind, but was chased away by his second orgasm. Cum squirted all over Alex's stomach again and dripped onto his own chest. Alex's cock kept pulsing inside him until he came down from his orgasm.

David felt full and tired. "I love you, Alex." His eyelids felt very heavy all of a sudden and was it just him or was Alex getting lighter?

Alex kissed him hard on the mouth. "I know you do, and I'll always watch over you, David." His eyes closed and he instantly fell asleep.

When he awoke the next day, David found himself alone. He was sticky and covered in dried cum. Where's Alex? Was it all a dream?