 A warm breeze blew through the quad, making a small whirlwind with some loose litter.

Sebastian checked his watch. That was it now, no more PE ever again. In just a few days his school career was finished, and even with no job or college place waiting for him after graduation, he felt as though his life would finally be his own, and the weight of childhood baggage was at last being lifted from his adult shoulders. He was old enough to do whatever he wanted, and probably would, too.

'Hey!'

Shelly the pocket Goth briefly emerged into the sunlight and stopped him just before he got to the door of the gym changing-room.

'My parents are out of town, tonight, so I'm having a kinda party-thing later, you coming? Please!'

Her previous party had been crap, all the drink was gone by 10, and no one had any pot, but everyone wanted some.

'I dunno, Shelly-'

'Please!It won't be like last time, I promise! Everyone's going! And-' She stuck her thumb in her mouth and gave him her sweetest, little girl, look.' -your one of my bestest fwends!'

'Great, so are you getting in extra Gatorade?'

'Don't be such a bitch! I got sent a bottle of absinthe by my brother, from Paris, but if you don't want some...'

'Okay, I'm there. It's an offer I can't refuse.'

'Cool, if not very original. Seeya later!'

With an ungothlike grin, she melted back into the darkness where a group of pale Manson fans hid, beady-eyed like possums.

The changing room was empty by now, so Sebastian stripped off his sweaty sports gear and followed the steam and shouting into the showers. He could just make out the slim, naked bodies of the other boys through the warm haze. This just had to be his favourite part of the whole curriculum, the only part he would miss. He hated sport, it was too much like hard work, but the locker room was something else, and the last free shower was between the two guys he liked the most. 

On the right was Andy, your traditional tall, dark , handsome and so straight it was painful, captain of the football team, specifically designed for the penetration of cheerleaders. White, watery soap bubbles slid across his olive skin and trailed down his back, gathered in the cleavage of his butt, and dripped creamily onto the floor. Sebastian gave him a glance that said 'I'm not really looking', anything more might lead to a smack in the face. It was difficult, though, not to stare at his glistening torso and get aroused.

'What a wonderful form of mental torture.' He thought.' Shame Andy's parents were moving to New York.'

On the left was Oliver, slender, smooth and blonde, with, in Sebastian's opinion, the best ass in his year. He was lathering up his crotch around a pretty impressive dick. When it was stiff it must be a real navel-grazer, and Sebastian thought he could happily suck on it all day. Oliver was one of those kids who kept moving schools as his dad was something to do with the Army, and had only started a few months ago, giving him that fresh aura of ' New Boy'. 

Suddenly, he realised that he had been watching him a bit too long and Oliver had noticed, but instead of looking angry, he smiled, and the lathering became a slow caress, sliding his fingers between his legs and pulling back his foreskin to reveal a fat head in a way that was so subtle and seductive that Sebastian was transfixed by the intimate one-on-one show, till feeling himself start to harden and remembering that there were fifteen other guys in the shower, he made a grab for the faucet and twisted it around to as cold as it would go, trying to douse himself down before it got awkward.

'You fucking bastard!'

Freezing water splashed down and made him gasp for breath, the full blast of the shower sprayed everyone around him as well. 

'What the fuck are you doing?!'

'Shit! Sorry!' He had to say something.' I turned it the wrong way!'

'Shit-for-brains!'

The only one who didn't seem to want to kill him afterwards was Oliver, who just laughed fit to piss himself.

Back in the locker room, Coach Halliday droned through the last few minutes of class about the importance of physical exercise and clean-living during the holidays ( A nerve, coming from the man who chain-smoked under the bleachers during football season.), until the bell sounded.

Sebastian stuffed his kit into his bag. He had to get away quick. Then, when he got home he could go straight to his room and pull himself off, unless, of course, Oliver came and spoke to him, then maybe...

The sudden longed-for ringing sent everyone running for the door, knocking his bag from the bench, and sending five bucks in change from a side pocket skittering across the floor. Scrambling around to pick it up, a pair of vaguely familiar shoes came up to him, and he realised how stupid he must look, being seen to care about such a pitiful amount of cash.

'I guess this is yours.'

Oliver held out 75c, smiled as he handed it over, then spun on his heels and was gone. Red with embarrassment, Sebastian gave up his coin pursuit, and any hope of Oliver wanting to talk to him.Then again, he thought, maybe he only did that sexy little shower routine to get a reaction, in which case, he was a great success. What a cock-tease. Asshole.

Pocketing the remains of the money, it looked as though he would be the last to leave, when-

'Yo!'

Ignoring it, Sebastian tried again to restrain his belongings.

'Yo! I thought beating yourself off made ya blind, not deaf!'

Andy swaggered right up to him in a way that said he wanted to invade his personal space, holding a tube of sun-cream.

'What do you want?'

'I wanna be real friendly. You gonna miss me? 'Cos I sure as fuck ain't gonna miss you. But I don't want people thinking I ain't considerate-' 

Grabbing his shoulder, Andy made Sebastian turn around, and pressed his elbow into his back, forcing him over the bench while pulling roughly at his pants and shorts, tugging them down as his whole body weight kept Sebastian in place. 

'Ya know, if you wanted my ass, you only had to ask.' 

'I don't need to ask! I want you to have something to remember me by!'

Sebastian found he liked this all the more, the threatening unpredictability pumping his adrenaline and racing his pulse as he started to harden.

'Guess this beats signing my yearbook.'

The squirt of sun-cream was cold on his skin as Andy pulled Sebastian's ass cheeks apart and smeared it into place, sliding his finger further and further inside of him, making Sebastian groan with pleasure, even though he didn't want Andy to know how much he was enjoying it.

First one finger, then two, then- the sound of a zipper. 

Sebastian felt the pressure of Andy's rock hard dick pushing into him, making no attempt to resist it. This was too exciting, the heady mix of pleasure and pain too exquisite, for him to want it to stop.

'You enjoying that? Yeah...You want it, don't ya, huh? I'm gonna fill you with so much junk you'll shit nothing else for a week!'

Aroused to the point of frenzy, Andy's cock felt solid as concrete as he rammed it back and forth. Sebastian had never been fucked so forcefully, and struggled to stop himself coming each time Andy got really deep. 

It was so much he wanted to scream, as though the air was being squeezed out of his chest, his hips bruising against the hard edge of the wooden bench with every selfish shove, pre-cum running down the shaft of his now super-sensitive prick until the wave of an orgasm surged through every part of his body, hot spurts of it forming a puddle on the tiles beneath him.

'Ha, ha! That's it, bitch!Yeah, that's it! Fuck...Ahhhh, yeah.'

The familiar pulsing sensation said Andy was done with him, and sure enough he slid out, softer and wet, the warm trickle tickling the sensitive skin between Sebastian's legs as it dribbled out.

'Thanks, you're a nice, tight screw.'

Doing up his fly, Andy grabbed his bag and made for the door, happy just to leave Sebastian as he was, fucked, sore and bewildered.

'Seeya round!'

What a bastard. 

Readjusting his clothes, and with an ass full of spunk and sun-cream, Sebastian wondered why Andy had waited till now to fuck him. After all, if it had happened before this, he would have made an effort to piss Andy off more often, and had a repeat performance that was slightly more to his own convenience.

*

'No way! Andy fucked you?!'

'Yeah, he virtually raped me.' Sebastian laughed at Shelly's look of disbelief.' It was some of the best sex I've ever had. You know I think he's hot.'

'I know that, but Jesus Christ, Sebastian, Andy?!'

'The god of fuck must be smiling on me, huh?'

'He's a fucking jerk.'

'A hot fucking jerk.' 

Shelly's parent's place was large, empty and neutral, like living in the lobby of a modern hotel. It was already starting to get messy, someone lay unconscious on the landing, and a patch of vomit decorated the pool-side.

'Here.' Shelly held something small and shiny.

'What is it?'

'A key to my room. If you get lucky again it's all yours. I'd rather screw in the guestroom. Double kingsize bed.' She laughed and gave him a wink.' Don't worry about the sheets, need changing anyway.'

'How can such a pretty girl be so disgusting.'

'Yin and yang, my dear Sebastian. The eternal balance. And I love you too, shit-head.' 

She dropped it in his hand and wandered over to the stereo, narked with the selfish sonofabitch who put on the Moby CD. 

The sound of raised voices turned his attention outside, where Andy and his drunken henchmen seemed to have found someone to entertain them.

'Hope you liked your first semester!'

Oliver's expression was totally unimpressed, he must have dealt with this sort of shit a thousand times before.

'It was great, thanks.'

'You know,-' Andy turned to his captive goon audience.' I think he needs a drink!Grab him!'

For the half a second, Oliver was in the air. For the other half, merely a shadow beneath the broken blue and white of the pool surface. He climbed out to screams of laughter, still wearing the same 'I really don't give a fuck' look, and stupid, dorky Sarah dragged him into the pool-house. She'd had a crush on him for weeks, and everyone knew it except Oliver, who seemed oblivious to her clumsy come-ons.

Just as Sebastian was thinking what a bitch she was, and wondering why a terminal dick like Andy was so attractive, she came back out alone, and ran towards the house. Sebastian was the first person she saw inside.

'Where does Shelly keep the towels?'

'Oh, I don't know. Now let me think, 'cos that's real difficult . How about... the bathroom.'

'Fuck you, Sebastian.'

'No thanks.'

Leaving her to it, he went to the kitchen to find another beer. It was getting dark outside, a couple of fat raindrops hit the window next to the fridge. Brightness lit the sky for a brief moment, as a huge thunderclap shook everything up and the power went down.

'Shit.'

Out in the hallway, Shelly was franticly throwing coats and boots out of a cupboard in an effort to find the power-breaker switch, while the partygoers ran indoors to escape a sudden, Spring, shower. Dorky Sarah stood clutching a towel, gazing out of the terrace doors, and as Sebastian watched her, he had an excellent idea.

'Hey, Sarah!'

'Yeah?'

'Oliver asked me to tell you he went home to change.'

'Oh.'

'Want me to get rid of that towel for you?'

'Oh, yeah. Thanks.'

She looked kind of upset as she handed it over. But, hey, who cared? Certainly not Sebastian, as he snuck outside the moment she was gone.

The shutters were closed on the tiny pool-house. Oliver was stuck naked in the pitch dark with the gel from his hair was running into his eyes, a pile of wet clothes at his feet, while wondering what the hell was going on. He groped around, trying to find a throw, or anything, only to knock stuff over and stub his toe.

'Ow! Shit!'

The door quickly opened and shut behind him. Turning to see who it was, a towel was thrown over his head.

'Thanks. Is that you, Sarah?'

Sebastian reached out in the darkness.

'Woah! Hey, Sarah!'

Oliver's skin was damp, chilled and goose-bumped, although as Sebastian's hand worked its way up his thigh, he found that the cold had certainly not got to everything. It was a mad risk to run, and how this would all finish was further on than he wished to look right now. He had to taste him, feel him. Looking had no way been enough...

Pulling and squeezing Oliver's cock, it started firming up, so Sebastian got on his knees and took the round, fleshy head in his mouth as far as it would go. It felt like a skinned apricot, smooth and sweet as he ran his tongue around it, licking the first drops from its tiny lips as he milked them from the thick shaft.

'Oh my god, Sarah, that's fantastic.....'

It was so amazing, having a shower-room daydream become reality, that Sebastian couldn't decide if he wanted Oliver to come so he could drink him in, or not, and keep on sucking forever. But he was just too good at what he was doing, and Oliver was totally unable to hold any longer.

As the first hot stream filled Sebastian's mouth and ran down his throat, Oliver grabbed his head to force him further down, and the lights blinked back on.

'HOLY CRAP!'

He wrenched his prick out of Sebastian's grasp so fast that a milky shot of spunk hit him full in the face.

'What the fuck do you think your doing?!

'Well,-' Sebastian was still knelt on the floor and could feel the trickles running down his neck, soaking into his t-shirt.'- ,giving you a blow-job. I didn't think you'd mind, after all....'

Taking a fistful of Sebastian's clothes, Oliver yanked him to his feet and held him there, leaned forward and licked one of the droplets from his cheek.

'I don't mind at all.', then pressed his tongue between Sebastian's lips in a deep kiss, drawing the taste from one mouth to another.

It scared the living shit out of both of them when the door was flung open again. The storm shower was a grey smudge in the distance, and Shelly stood silhouetted against the late evening sky.

'I finally found the power-break switch, but most people have gone to Andy's, so fuck them.' After a couple of seconds, she realised what was going on.' Get a room, you guys.'

*

There was no way you could tell the color of Shelly's bedroom, as posters covered every inch except the floor and the thickly curtained windows. Slipknot gazed down from the head of the bed looking like Hell's own carnies.

Locking the door behind them, Sebastian started peeling off his clothes and Oliver dropped the towel from around his waist, falling back onto the sheets. Although he had only come a few minutes ago, he'd already managed another big hard-on, and his balls looked small, tight and ready to give again. Smiling, he stroked himself seductively on the thighs, exposing a little more of what he knew Sebastian was after. 

Laying down next to him, Sebastian gently stroked his body, running his hand down the inside of Oliver's open thigh, between the cheeks of his firm ass. As he ran his finger around it, there was a twitch of apprehension from the tight, little hole, and Oliver looked kind of worried, but didn't stop him. Taking his finger in his mouth down to the knuckle, Sebastian wetted it, then went back and pressed a bit harder. He sure was tight, but it slid in. Oliver looked surprised by the sensation of his prostate being massaged. 

'Hey, Oliver, you done anything like this before?'

'Er,' He gave a nervous laugh.'.... no.'

Sebastian's day just kept getting better and better. Sticking in another finger, Oliver's breaths became shorter, more erratic.

'Then I'm wanna fuck you for the first and best time in your life. Don't be scared, I promise I'll be gentle.'

Overwhelmed by new sensation, Oliver gasped between words.

'Maybe... I don't want you to, ugh.. be gentle, maybe I...ahh... haven't been to any school long enough... to know... guys as cute as you...ahh, yeah... wanted me in that way.'

'Guess I have a discretion deficiency.'.

'C'mon... wanna pop my cherry?'

Taking a couple of pillows, he pushed them under Oliver's back, then took a jar of moisturiser from the night-stand and lifted Oliver's legs, spreading them further apart as he did. The pink, maiden, ring puckered as if to say-' You know I'll be reluctant ', and Sebastian's balls ached for him to thrust his cock into it as hard as it would go.

Rubbing on the moisturiser, he tried to ease Oliver up a bit further with his fingers and make him nice and slippery, ready to take what was coming more easily, then greased up his own swollen dick, making sure not to rub too hard, as forcing his way in there was going to be stimulation enough.

With a little pressure it opened, and he got the head in, but could go no further, even though Oliver's virgin asshole sucked on him as if it wanted the rest. Deciding it was all or nothing, he gave one firm thrust, and slid in down to the base.

Shouting like hell, Oliver gritted his teeth, tears glistened in his eyes, but he made no effort to push Sebastian away, who couldn't have pulled himself out anyway. His prick was stuck inside Oliver like a Chinese finger-trap, the more he pulled, the tighter he became, a feeling so intense it made him unable to think straight.

After a couple of disorientated minutes, Oliver seemed to relax, and Sebastian found he had more room to manoeuvre, drawing himself slowly out. The pull was still immense, and tugged on his cock hungrily.

'No!' 

Reaching up, Oliver grabbed Sebastian's hips and tugged him back.

'Fuck me hard! Come in me as deep as you can!'

If he so desperately wanted to play the fuck-toy, Sebastian was happy to comply.

'Beg me!'

'Please! I want it so badly! Fuck me harder!'

'How much harder? This much?' 

Pounding him so roughly that he didn't know how long he could keep going, the skin of Sebastian's pelvis smacked against Oliver's butt.

'Harder!'

Feeling himself starting to climax, he gave his sharpest shove yet, making Oliver cry out again and grasp at the sheets as he got what he asked for, coming as hard as he was fucked, creamy droplets pooling in his navel, making pearl-like beads in his soft, blonde pubic hair.

Maybe Coach Halliday was right, there's no need to go without physical exercise during the holidays, and he never specified what form it should take. Oliver looked so sexy, he thought, on his back with his legs spread and his little, stretched, asshole moist and sticky around the root of his still-hard dick. But although it was great being inside him, Sebastian now had other ideas.

'I want you on your hands and knees.'

'Hey?'

'You heard me.'

A flicker of curiosity crept into Oliver's smile as Sebastian pulled out.

'You gonna fuck me again?'

'I'm not telling. Now,-' He couldn't help laughing at how dumb it sounded.'- assume the position.'

Obediently, Oliver did as he was told. 

'Spread your legs wider, that's it. Now, down on your elbows, offer that pretty little ass to me.'

Taking the firm, smooth skin of Oliver's butt in his hands, Sebastian pawed him roughly, teasing his bruised ring with the tip of his tongue, licking away an escaping, salty drop as the tastes of them both mingled on his lips. The thought that noone else had been here except his Mom made the flavour all the better as Oliver groaned below him.

'I want to fuck you.'

'Yeah?' Although he was enjoying this role-play exercise, the look of Oliver's thick, solid prick made Sebastian keen to be on the receiving end and feel every inch of it.' How would you like me?'

'I dunno, what would you recommend for a first timer?'

'Some first timer! You're the most insatiable virgin ever.'

'I told you, desperation.'

'Well, the way you can keep up that gorgeous cock of yours, I reckon you've got a great future in porn.'
