 After my previous experience, I never thought I'd do it again. While I enjoyed the sensation, the act and process didn't please me. However, after talking with him for a while, he convinced me to do it one more time. In addition to just doing it again, there were a lot of other changes in store for the evening.

Instead of me picked him up again, we were able to do it at his house. The rest of his family was gone for the evening, so we had the place to ourselves. He called me when his parents and brother had all left, and I came over right away. No time was wasted by him as he kissed me the second he opened the front door. We skipped any foreplay in the living room and he escorted me upstairs straight to his bedroom.

Once in the room, and without even closing the bedroom door, we immediately removed our pants. He was making me hard again rubbing my dick with his hand first outside, then inside my boxers. He was quite antsy and before I was even hard he was going to town with his tongue. After he got me erect, I pulled him off as I didn't want to cum too soon, so we turned to him.

Since his pants were already off, his penis had sprung through his boxers while exciting me. We were making out and rubbing his cock, but almost immediately I mounted him and we were rubbing dicks together. I also sucked on his tits as if he was a woman, and that part he loved the most.

He was moaning and sweating when all of a sudden I thought I heard someone inside, so we stopped right away. He quickly got up and went to check if his parents or brother were back early. I found it quite funny that he left still stark naked with his giant 9" cock standing at attention. When he got back after discovering that the voices were coming from the sidewalk outside, we were both pretty flaccid, which meant one thing, he needed to go to work on me again.

He tackled my tits with his tongue which was nice, but not as nice as him on my head. This time it didn't take me long to get hard, and I didn't stop him from going all the way with his mouth. As I felt my cum building, I told him but as he took his mouth off to tell me to hold it for a while, it was already too late. I pushed his face back down on my dick and came all inside his mouth. He wanted me to resist for longer, but enjoyed my man juices anyways.

Now that I was taken care of and we needed to wrap it up, he wanted to do something new with me, in addition to cumming. One of the things we talked about while he was convincing me to do it again was a golden shower. I had seen pornos of it, and every time it turned me on watching them getting pissed on. As long as I didn't need to receive, since we didn't have time to shower and dry off before leaving, I agreed. We stepped into their shower and he kneeled at the base of my feet waiting for my warm, golden stream. We needed to wait a little bit though because my cock was still almost it's full 7" even following blowing my load.

Once I softened up, I started peeing all over his body. He had a total twink body. He was thin but athletic, shaved everywhere, and did I mention his 9" long and really thick meat of a penis? While I stood there waiting to get less horny, he had a look as if he was starving and my piss would be his sustenance. I started with his abs and chest and then moved up to his neck and face. There, he opened his mouth and blissfully received my urine, filling up his mouth. As it started to overflow down his cheeks, I went back to his body and even aimed right for his still rock solid dick. When I was fully emptied, he swallowed and blew me enough to make me hard again.

He still needed to cum though, so while in the shower, we went back to making out and doing everything we were doing before, now with his massive throbbing cock in my hand. His lips tasted like my pee, but I had tried it before and didn't mind. In fact, I somehow got adventurous and even licked, but not blew, his dick clean of my fluids before standing back up. In order for him to bust, he needed to take control of my hand and really work his shaft. Several minutes later he exploded, but this time on my chest instead of his like last time. It seemed as if he came on me on purpose so that he could lick up more cum. As his tongue worked up and down my stomach, I started to cum a little more, which he of course took care of in delight.

That was the last I would see of his mega-dick as we left his bathroom and went back to his bedroom to reclothe. We slid our boxers back up from their place on the floor while I put all my clothes on as well. We kissed a little bit more with him rubbing my crotch through my pants which made me semi-hard yet again. Finally I put my socks and shoes on and left. My dick sure liked being sucked dry, but I think it's time I find a female friend to show me what a girl's mouth can do to my eager cock.