 It took a while before I decided I wanted to do anal again, but I ran a few ads, and finally found someone who talked me into meeting him who didn't sound crazy or whatnot, and turned me on with his emails, talking dirty about how he'd slowly seduce me and "make me his bitch". I'd arranged to meet him at a condo in Honolulu. I didn't have a picture, just a general physical description about him being in pretty good shape, and described himself as a "total top".

I nervously walked up to the condo, wondering if I'd even be able to spot him, but then he made eye contact and I could tell by the appraising, knowing look in his eye that it was him, that he recognized me from my picture and liked what he saw. He was stocky and muscular and had a crew cut, really butch looking.

Anyway, I said his name, with just a hint of a question mark in case I was horribly mistaken, and he nodded and held out his hand and we shook. A little small talk, then he asked me -- well, more like told me -- to follow him up to a friend's place he had for a few hours that morning. We rode the elevator up in silence, got in the room, and there was this weird awkward moment where I wondered if I wanted to go through with getting fucked by a total stranger who I had barely talked with. 

But then he squeezed my ass and said he liked my body, and looked me in the eye and asked me if I wanted to do what I'd mentioned in our exchange of emails, maybe start by getting on my knees and sucking his cock, and god help me I did want his cock in my mouth. So I knelt down before him while he dropped his shorts, revealing white briefs with the start of a bulge in them, and I reached out and started kneading his cock and balls through the fabric while he got harder. Then he pulled his shorts off too and his hard prick sprang free, and he asked me if I had any fantasies. I said I liked the thought of being a schoolgirl getting roughly seduced, and he took the hint and told me I was a bad girl and he wanted me to be his bitch and take his cock in my mouth. I kinda demurred, feigning reluctance, but he said he knew I really wanted it, and pushed his cockhead against my lips. When I pretended to struggle and resist a bit, he put a hand on the back of my head and pressed his cockhead inside my mouth. 

I started to lick and suck his cockhead, and he called me his good little bitch cocksucker, and then suggested we undress and get on the bed. He laid on his back and I knelt down beside him, facing away from his with my butt near his head, and I gave him some really good head while he squeezed my ass and stroked my cock and balls and said I was doing a good job for such an innocent schoolgirl. He cooed at me and asked, did I like it?

I said, it's kind of dirty and wrong, but yeah, I liked sucking him off. Then he grabbed my hair and pushed down, and I gagged a bit and deepthroated him while he guided my head. All the while he was groaning and talking dirty, calling me a slut and a whore and his bitch to do whatever he wanted to. 

Then he asked me if I was ready to get fucked, since that is what happens to bad girls, and I said no, I wasn't ready to do that, but in a tone of voice that said yes I am, because I was getting turned on and leaking some precum by then. So he got behind me while I was on all fours, and took the bottle of lube he'd left out on the nightstand, along with a couple of rubbers, and started pushing his cock between my cheeks just a little bit, teasing me, and telling me I was a bad girl, yeah bitch, didn't I want that cock inside me? 

He ordered me to say yes I wanted it, and slapped my butt, not too hard. So I told him I was a bad girl, yes, yes I wanted him to fuck me. And I felt him pushing my legs apart a bit more, and he rubbed some lube on my hole.

I looked over my shoulder. He had this lustful look in his blue eyes and was holding his stiff prick with one hand and lining himself up, his precum leaking cock starting to press between my cheeks, ready to shove it inside me. And I told him no, not without a condom, put one on or I'd leave, and his eyes stared into mine. Then he grimaced and nodded and reached over to the nightstand. I heard some noises, like he was taking a condom out of the wrapper, then he pushed down hard between my shoulderblades, forced my head down onto a pillow with my ass up in the air, all vulnerable and open for him with him burly body between my legs.

I reached back and felt his cock, making sure he'd actually put the condom on. He had, and had it slicked up with some more of the lube, and then one of his hand was on the back of my head, roughly holding it down on the pillow while the other hand spread one of my ass cheeks to the side and then his cock was pressing against my asshole, pushing hard, trying to get inside while he told me to be his bitch schoolgirl and relax, goddamit let me inside. The pressure built and I felt so helpless and a bit scared, this stranger roughly trying to fuck me, pressing my face into the pillow so it was hard to breathe, but I was really turned on too, wanting this burly stranger to take me and fuck me. He removed his hand from my head, so my face wasn't pressed into the pillow, and now both his hands were pulling my cheeks apart ... 

And then his cock broke through the ring of my ass and dammit it hurt, but it was thrilling to get fucked again, being a helpless schoolgirl getting fucked hard. Now that he was inside me, he grabbed my hips and pushed inside, slow strokes, a bit deeper each time, and I told him he was being too rough, slow down. He stopped for a moment, told me to quit being so tense and just take it, give in and relax and enjoy letting him fuck me. And so I tried that, and he pushed again and got his cock all the way inside me, and he said that's better, bitch, now I'm going to fuck you hard, you ready for it? 

And I nodded my head, and he fucked me harder, my hole burning, and the force of his thrusts pushed my hips down closer to the bed, my legs spread apart as he grunted and thrust and then grabbed my hair and pulled back, asking me if I liked my hair being pulled like the slutty bitch I was, and I said yes, fuck me, use me, make me your bitch, and I relaxed my burning ring and let him take me. 

Then he said he was ready to cum, and he ordered me to tighten up and squeeze his shaft, make it all tight so it felt really GOOOOOD, and I obeyed, I clenched my asshole while he shoved inside me, grabbing my shoulders now, while I pushed my butt back in rhythm with his thrusts forward, giving in and enjoying being fucked, enjoying being this rough stranger's bitch, and he groaned and said he was cumming and made that masculine growling noise deep in his throat and I took his lust, let him fill his condom with the cum my body and tight ass had coaxed out of him. 

And then he lay on top of me, catching his breath, his cock still inside me but starting to soften. And I felt dirty and used and yet also sexy and turned on, knowing I'd made him cum. And I looked over my shoulder into his eyes and he gave me this look like he'd gotten what he wanted, he was done with me, I'd made him cum but now he wanted me out of there. And then he hinted it was time for me to clean up and go, he only had the room for a little while longer, and soon we were walking back to the elevator, again not talking, strangers who'd fucked and now it was over ...