 I live in Southern California, a playground for gay and bi men. Ever since being forced to suck the cock of a neighborhood bully earlier in my life, I have been curious about what it would be like to try it again, and would enjoy being told exactly what to do. Until recently I had been just curious, but I met Richard and had been forced to perform orally for him, and I loved it. But I was still searching, still very curious and still hungry.

I met Larry on line in a local men for men chat room. He was my age, bi, married, and I was married and curious. I would see him on line once or twice a month and he would ask for a photo, but would refuse to send me one, so we never exchanged photos.

I explained that my desire was to meet a guy at his house, or apartment, drop to my knees and do anything and everything he asked of me orally. Anything. And I would drink and or swallow anything if I was told to or forced to. 

Larry wanted to meet for coffee, because he said he was looking for something exactly like what I was offering. I explained that I was very nervous and if we met in advance I might get cold feet and leave before we ever got started, and I really wanted to do this. I felt the best way was to simply walk into a house or motel room, and drop to my knees and get started.

One Sunday, while I was on line in the room and also searching the various porn sites viewing pictures, I made up my mind. Looking at photos of women going down on men was making me very, very horny. I told myself that if I found a white married woman going down on a black guy, today would be the day to end my curiosity. If another guy asked me to meet him, I would.

In about a 15-minute period of time I found the photos I had been seeking, and all of a sudden there was Larry, on line, sending me a message. He simply said, "I have the place to myself for the afternoon, come over and meet my cock."

I dropped everything, and drove the few miles to his place, locating it easily by his instructions. My hands were cold, and I was very nervous, and determined... 

I walked in, to a back bedroom. Larry was wearing a bath robe and I was wearing a T shirt and shorts. He told me to undress and then he had me undress him... Then he told me to get on my knees and suck his cock, which was a full seven inches and rock hard. 

I first kissed its head, then licked it, and began to suck with gusto, but carefully so as not to use my teeth. I have slept with over 65 women and know how wonderful a blow job can be. I wanted to make sure Larry was serviced well.

I knew from our early conversations that his wife detested sucking his cock, and had stopped doing so years ago. I wanted to make sure he was fully enjoying himself, and from his moans, I knew he was. 

He kept telling me what a great job I was doing, and also told me of some of his other experiences, including giving a guy a golden shower just last week. That got me hotter and I attacked his cock even more. He moved around on the bed a bit, but I constantly stayed on my knees, because that's what a good cocksucker does. 

He asked me if I had ever considered letting a guy have my ass. With his still rock hard cock filling my mouth I told him, yes, but only if another one was in my mouth to muffle my screams. 

He asked me if I would be available for any of his friends, whose wives also no longer paid attention to cock sucking, and I told him, if he wanted me to, I would provide my services to any of his friends, as long as they were clean and safe. He guaranteed me that indeed, they would be, but he wanted to make sure I would take care of his needs first.

He asked me if a golden shower would excite me and I told him I had given him my rules before coming over... I would do anything orally he asked of me, anything. He said the golden shower didn't do much for him, but he did love to cum in a guy's mouth. 

He asked me what else would turn me on. I told him, truthfully, "I have a number of unfulfilled fantasies. I want to go down on a black guy, and I want to go down on a room full of guys."

I told him that, as I had explained on line, I would do anything orally he asked of me but he would need to tell me to swallow and hold my head in place.

With those words, his cock seemed to swell even more and he quickened his pace. I was in heaven. I loved this... Here I was in his home, and for the past 30 minutes I had been sucking his wonderful cock.

Suddenly, he grabbed my head and started fucking my face harder than I had imagined possible. I was no longer sucking cock, I was getting face fucked, and I loved every second of it. Then he moaned and I felt the first blast of his cum at the back of my throat. Three more blasts came after that and he made sure I swallowed each and every drop. He pulled out and made me lick him clean... 

I had never considered what cum would taste like, and all I remember was a warm wonderful taste in my mouth. It was delicious and I now had a stomach full.

I jumped into my shorts and shirt, and walked out to my car. Larry simply said, "For a first timer you were great. In fact you're the best cocksucker I've ever met."

Thanks Larry, I'll be back whenever you tell me to come back. I just need to be told!