 INTRODUCTION

This is the story of how I underwent three regression therapy sessions with surprising revelations about my present life, love and personal circumstances



Chapter 1: Opening Scene

It was 7pm and I was beginning to get nervous, wondering if this was such a good idea after all. For the umpteenth time I had glanced at my watch, looked out of living room window and sighed. 

"Relax will you? You know that Michael will turn up as promised. Naomi said he is reliable and not one to waste anybody's time" Elliott said with an amused tone in his voice.

That was easy for him to say; after all it hadn't been his idea to invite a hypnotist to our home to practise his dark arts on me in the name of science. Okay I know that sounds a little melodramatic, but that's how I was feeling right then. I glanced in his direction, smiled in acknowledgement of his calming logic, kissed him tenderly on his forehead and ruffled his blonde locks which he was currently growing retro-style with side curtains (very 1980's). I had to admit that I was just a little jealous of his thick blonde locks and being in his 40's it just wasn't fair! Here I am in my early 30's and reduced to close cropping my hair because of its increasingly rapid retreat. I had been so proud of my easy to style black hair that did whatever I wanted it to do, now it was a distant memory. Just deserts I guess, my mum had always said I was too vain and that I would ruin my hair with all the gel and styling cream I used on a daily basis. Hmm! What do mums know? I used to think. 

Glancing over to the 1930's mantelpiece I felt a warm glow in my heart as I looked at our Wedding photo enlarged to poster size and elegantly framed. I think it's safe to say that it was the happiest day of my life, not only was I marrying the love of my life but I felt I was coming home again having been away for so long. The two of us stood centre stage, Elliott as blonde and fair as I was dark and swarthy, dressed immaculately in our silvery grey morning suits holding hands beaming broadly. To either side of us stood our respective families ranging in age from my elderly grandparents to my nephews and nieces barely out of nappies but intent on creating mischief wherever they went. My sisters were doing their best to keep their offspring in line for the camera and failing miserably! I barely remember the reception afterwards because of the quantities of alcohol consumed but the photographs which sit in our album fill in the missing gaps and are an endless source of amusement for visiting friends and family.

The ring on the doorbell startled me out of my reminiscing and with another quick glance at Elliott for reassurance I went to answer the front door. Opening the door, I was greeted by the smiling face of an elderly gentleman, I would guess in his early seventies and in his prime he would have been a very handsome man.

"Hi, I'm Michael. You must be Sean." The elderly man said before offering his hand for me to shake.

"How did you know?" I asked in surprise.

"I'm not psychic for nothing you know!" He laughed in response. "No, seriously, Naomi gave me a photo of you and Elliott to see if I could pick up anything before I paid you a visit." 

"Oh right, you'd better come in then!" I replied with a smile and stepped backwards and held the door open for him.

"Thank you." He replied with a warm smile and walked into the hallway looking with casual interest before turning left into the living room and greeting Elliott with the same cheerfulness he had with me.

Elliott invited him to sit down while fetched the freshly brewed coffee and biscuits Elliott had prepared just before Michael's arrival. 

"So, here we are then." Michael broke the ice having taken a cup of coffee and an offered biscuit. "Before I explain what my role will be, perhaps you two would like to tell me a little about yourselves and what you would like to gain from this session(s)."

I looked down at the coffee cup in my hand for a moment before making a start on why I had requested his services.

"Ever since I came to Exeter fifteen years ago I have been having strange experiences, which I find hard to explain and as time goes by seem to me to be more than just coincidence. I guess this may sound a little screwy, but I felt like I had finally come home when I moved here, even though I had never been to Exeter in my life before. Whenever I walk anywhere out in the countryside with our dogs I instinctively know where I am going and often get a strange sense of déjà vu but it's only when it's a rural setting, never when in town. Elliott initially thought I might have seen tourist literature about Exeter in the past and that is why it seems familiar but that explanation doesn't feel right because it's not the town, it's the surrounding countryside I remember. Also with some of the friends I have made here (including Elliott) I feel that I have known them all my life and that I know what makes them tick better than those friends I have known since being at school. To be honest I'm not sure what I am expecting from today, all I know is what our dear friend Naomi has told me about you and your experience in this type of matter."

"Okay, that's fair enough." Michael nodded deep in thought before glancing over to Elliott with a smile. "How about you? Are you participating or is it just Sean I will be working with today?"

Elliott hesitated for the briefest of moments before replying "I think at this stage I would prefer to wait and see what develops from your session with Sean. Don't get me wrong, I have the deepest respect for your field of expertise and I am genuinely interested in whatever results from today. I just think it would be inappropriate at this early stage to join in, I have a feeling it would cloud the issue especially as Sean and I are emotionally very close. Perhaps if Sean finds the answers he is seeking then I will change my mind, in the meantime I am happy to help in any way I can."

"Yes I can see that" Michael replied. "Naomi was right when she said there was an overpowering sense of emotional connection between the two of you, it is almost tangible. I have to admit it is very rare these days to see such a bond and one that has such a history to it."

"History?" I asked. "What do you mean?"

"Sorry, I am digressing; I will come to that later after our session. So tell me a little about your backgrounds, where did you two guys grow up and how did you meet?"

Again I went first. "Well my name is Sean Mariccoli; I am half English half Italian (on my father's side). The first ten years of my life were spent living with my parents in their apartment in Naples before we relocated to London where I spent the next eight years getting a good British education (at my mother's insistence). Having done well with my GCSE A-Levels I chose to study Psychology at Exeter University and after the summer holidays I bid farewell to my parents at Paddington Train Station and caught the express train to Exeter St. Davids with all my worldly possessions in two big suitcases. Having unloaded my suitcases off the train I waited for it to pull away before looking around to see where I needed to go next. I glanced across the tracks to the opposite platform where I saw the most handsome man that I had ever seen in my life. I just stood there staring for what seemed an eternity, I was transfixed. He was in his late twenties, spiked blonde hair, dressed very smartly in a designer suit carrying a black leather brief case casually looking around at other commuters. Finally he noticed me staring, smirking he nodded in my direction and then looked over at the platform cafe to my left. Before I could respond his train arrived, like a lovesick puppy I stood there waiting to see if I would get another chance to see the handsome stranger before it left the station. Try as I might I couldn't see him anywhere, then the train departed and he had gone. Crestfallen I picked up my suitcases and turned in the direction of the main entrance. The next thing I know is that I felt a tap on my shoulder and a deep rich voice chuckling saying that I was rather slow on the uptake considering how obvious I had made my intentions. He then led the way to the cafe where we had a coffee and chatted for ages (with massive flirting going on) before arranging to meet later that week for the first of many dates. Within a couple of weeks we were an item and by the end of the first term I had moved in with Elliott. The rest as they say is history."

"And you Elliott?" Michael asked.

"Oh, mine's a simple story." Elliott responded with his usual casual confidence. "I am Devon born and bred. I can trace my family history in Exeter and the surrounding area way back when. I grew up not far from here, went to Bramdean School where I got my A-Levels and then went to the University of Surrey in Guildford to study Business & Retail Management. I was there three years before returning to Exeter to join my father's business consultancy firm where I have worked ever since. I first saw Sean while waiting to catch a train to Basingstoke where I was due to attend a meeting (I finally got to my destination some two hours late, but it was worth the delay on both counts). I was casually people watching when I spotted this teenager looking lost and oh so cute! I don't normally go for guys younger than myself but there was something about him which instantly drew my attention and acting on impulse I met his gaze and gestured to meet me in the platform cafe. I made my way to his platform to find that he hadn't moved an inch and was about to leave. We spent about an hour in the cafe chatting, I found myself becoming smitten with this dark, cute young man and it was only with great reluctance I tore myself away to catch the next train to Basingstoke and my meeting but not before I had arranged a date. I sat on that train with the biggest grin on my face which lasted for most of the journey. We had a whirlwind romance and before I knew it Sean was living with me and I am as happy as can be. I really feel that I have found my soul mate."  

Nodding and smiling gently Michael said "Well that has given me a good insight into your backgrounds and you both seem like well grounded guys with your heads firmly screwed on. I can see no reason why we can't proceed with the regression hypnotism to see if we can't get to the bottom of your sense of déjà vu and coincidences. This is of course assuming that you are still happy to go ahead with it".

Feeling both nervous and excited, as if I was finally on the right course I confirmed that I wanted to go ahead with this and that I also wanted Elliott to remain in the room so he could record and witness whatever should transpire during the session.

Chapter 2: 1st Regression Therapy Session

Sitting comfortably in the arm chair I did my best to relax and take deep breaths as instructed by Michael's quiet and soothing voice. Slowly the world around me slipped away, my eyes were closed; there was just me and the voice in the darkness.

"I want you to relax completely, let go of all conscious thoughts and as I take you back just go with the flow and accept whatever images come into your mind. I want you to think about the first time you ever came to Exeter and tell me what you remember. Don't try to analyse what you see, just describe it as it is." 

Slowly a vision appeared before my eyes, like I was watching a film yet immersed within it at the same time. I must have physically reacted because I heard Michael ask "What can you see?"

"Soldiers, my comrades and friends, marching in front of me."

"Soldiers? What do they look like? Where are you going?"

"Yes, we are soldiers. We are Emperor Hadrian's soldiers. We are marching towards Isca Dumnoniorum, one of the new outposts where there has been local resistance which needs suppressing. In front of me are thirty men, all dressed in red knee length tunics, metal helmets, body armour, sandals. We are carrying our shields and javelins in our hands with our daggers and swords attached to what looks like a belt. I am in the last row of men and we are marching in unison at a brisk pace. We want to get there before sunset and still have a long way to go so we will not be resting; I am aching from the march we are on. 

"How old are you?"

"Eighteen."

"What can you see?"

"Ahead of us, a main path which we are following, to my left are flood meadows with grazing cattle and sheep rising up to low wooded hills. To my right is a fast flowing river which is quite wide. On the opposite bank it is more wooded and therefore more likely to offer unwelcome surprises for us. Looking over my shoulder I can see a shadowy figure following us at a discreet distance doing his best to remain hidden, but I have seen him."

"Describe him."

"He is a tall powerful looking man, muscular with blue tattoo designs over his naked chest shoulders and arms. He has blonde spiked hair in the style that many native Britons grow it. He is wearing what appears to be loose fitting leather trousers which are tied at the waist and some type of footwear. He is carrying a dagger casually in his hand. He realises that I have seen him and stares at me, I stop marching as if my feet have taken root and stare transfixed back at him." 

"Do you know who he is?"

"No. He looks like any other native; although by the clothing and his tattoos I guess he is not a commoner most likely a higher ranking warrior. Although, on second thoughts; there is something familiar about him."

"Look closer, do you recognise him?"

"Wait. He has just given me a confident smile making his blue eyes twinkle; it sends shivers down my spine. Now I recognise him, he looks likes Elliott, I'd recognise that smile anywhere!"

"Really? What is happening now?"

"Nothing, we just stand there and stare at each other for ages not taking our eyes off one another. Then I hear a cry - Caius Artorius Vitalis! Move it! Do you want to get us all killed – we will be if you keep standing there like an idiot staring into space. Uh oh, it's my commander; he is striding towards me looking very angry. I try to explain to him that we are being followed and that I had spotted one of the rebels but when I point in the direction of the figure the man has disappeared. For my troubles I get a stinging slap across the face and get pushed roughly in the direction of the others and told to keep up."

The vision faded out abruptly and I opened my eyes reflexively, the contrast between my vision and reality before me was jarring and I rubbed my eyes to make sure that I really was awake before looking round the room. 

Elliott was sitting on the edge of his seat, a mixture of concern and disbelief playing across his face as he watched me intently. A pang of guilt coursed through my body for having asked Elliott to stay and witness this session. Michael however seemed energised and extremely pleased with himself.

"Are you okay?" Michael asked. "You came round quickly and sooner than I had expected."

I was sure that I detected a slight trace of disappointment in his tone, just like when you have recorded a programme to find out that the recording finishes two minutes before the end of the programme.

"I'm fine, honestly. I can't believe just how vivid the images I was seeing were, it was like a cross between watching a movie and recalling a recent event from memory. I don't understand how I can remember an event which clearly isn't from my lifetime and I know I wasn't dreaming it up from my imagination."

"How can you be sure that it's not just a flight of fancy, something you might have seen from a film or read in a book?" Elliott asked, now sitting back in his chair looking very thoughtful.

"I wasn't in control of the images any more than you are when you're watching a film, yet I knew every single person in my field of vision and all about them; their likes, dislikes and history. How would I know all this if I was simply making this up as I go?" I replied.

Michael agreed with me and thanked me for being so open with my experiences and sharing them with him and Elliott. He felt that my experiences were genuine and deserved to be explored further, if we were willing to do so, as he was sure that we had just scratched the surface today. I for one was intrigued by this and felt that I had made a positive first step to gaining a better understanding of my experiences.

I was beginning to feel mentally and emotionally drained as if I had just sat an exam, so I decided I needed a change of scenery (the kitchen) and a strong cup of coffee. As I waited for the kettle to boil I gazed out of the kitchen window and across the neatly manicured lawn (my pride and joy) my mind drifting on nothing in particular, so much so that I didn't hear the others walk into the room continuing with the conversation that I had left behind. I jumped when I felt Elliott's arms wrap round my waist and felt his breath on the nape of my neck before he gently kissed me.

"Sorry, I was miles away" I said with a smile and turned round in his arms. I kissed him briefly on the lips before resuming with the coffee making. Around the kitchen table the three of us sat, Elliott and I sipped our coffees as we listened intently to Michael recounting tales of other regression therapy cases he'd worked on and his theories on what it all meant. Having completed his second cup of coffee and checked again that I was okay, Michael announced that it was time for him make an exit as it was now getting late. Before he left we arranged to undertake a second regression next weekend and with that he quietly let himself out.

As Elliott loaded the dishwasher and tidied the kitchen I took the opportunity to have a quick shower. I let the hot water course over me washing away all the thoughts of the last couple of hours and allowing me to return fully to the here and now. Shower over, as I briskly towelled myself dry I could hear Elliott moving around downstairs so still naked I casually sauntered downstairs and using the door way to frame me I struck a seductive pose and asked him if there was anything I could do to help.  

Looking up with a grin at the sight of my naked body he assured me that he had everything under control but if I cared to retire to our bedroom then he was certain I might be able to help him out. With an exaggerated wink and a Marilyn Monroe style pouting kiss I turned on my heel and ran up the stairs heading for the master bedroom and the very sturdy bed within. Wanting to create the right effect I carefully arranged myself so that when Elliott walked into the room he would be able to see my hidden gateway waiting patiently for his entry. What I hadn't anticipated on was that I was more tired than I realised and fell asleep long before he'd finished his shower.

I woke with a slight start as my legs were gently pushed further apart and a hand reached underneath to retrieve my crown jewels. Gently cupping my balls he expertly rolled them while his warm wet tongue slowly and lovingly licked my rapidly expanding shaft. Moaning gently I savoured every sensation of my erect cock being swallowed up to the hilt while his hands massaged my buttocks. In response I clenched and unclenched them causing my cock to thrust in and out of his mouth, gradually the tempo increased until I was about to shoot my load. Sensing this Elliott pulled his mouth away with a chuckle before turning his attention to my puckered hole. For what seemed eternity his tongue explored every nook and cranny both inside and out, I was in heaven! My hole was gagging to be filled and in my lust I said as much.

"Right you are then, soldier boy! Brace yourself, here it comes......"

And so it did, with one experienced thrust his generously sized cock and bulbous head forced its way past the saliva laden ring and up my arse causing me to rear up in response.
