 A small desk lamp in the corner illuminated the room just enough to give it a hazy dim glow. The Stereo played soft jazz at a low enough volume to provide a relaxed atmosphere. Rowan and I were on the bed. Our lips and tongues glued to each other. Our hard cocks were touching and twitching with excitement. We knew this time was going to be different from the first. After our first encounter we had become remarkably comfortable with what we were doing. We planned this encounter. We wanted to go all the way. We wanted to experience the full range of our sexuality.

"Did you get it?" Roan asked with excitement.

"Oh yeah..." I slipped from the bed and went to my travel bag. I pulled out the plastic shopping bag and returned to the bed. We sat together naked and opened our package.

The slim, vibrating butt plug hummed and shook. Rowan cupped it in his hands to feel its movement. "Oh I can't wait," he squealed. We began our kissing and fondling again. I reached for the new bottle of lubricant and smeared some over my palm. As we resumed our tongue wrestling I gripped Rowan's hardness, my hand gliding up and down the shaft with ease. "Shit that's good," Rowan muttered.

Quickly, Rowan reached for some lube too. After stroking me for a brief moment, he dipped his fingers deep beneath my shaved scrotum. His fingers make their way to my anus where he toyed and gently probed. It felt amazing and my cock seemed to grow even harder.

Slowly I slid from Rowan's grip, off the bed to the floor. There, on my knees I helped my buddy turn, his legs dangling over the edge of the bed. I moved into him, kissing the inside of his thighs. I made my way upwards and started kissing and licking at his balls. Rowan let out an audible moan of pleasure. From his soft, shaved scrotum, I trailed my tongue downwards to the rosebud of his anus. I tasted my very first asshole and I liked it. I rimmed my friend while he moaned and writhed on the bed from the sheer pleasure. Soon Rowan's anus was slick with saliva and I stiffened my tongue, gently pushing it into him. Rowan gasped. I couldn't believe what I was doing as I tongue fucked my best friend.

I then placed lubricant on our new vibrating butt plug as well as on his ass. The anal vibrator slid into him easily. As I gently worked it in and out of his ass, I moved up to lick his balls and gently sucked them. Rowan was enveloped with pleasure, moaning and moving with wonton abandon. As I fucked him with the vibrator, I took his cock into my mouth. I could tell that Rowan was not far from losing control, so I intensified my sucking. Soon Rowan was bucking and fucking my mouth as I continually sucked his cock and moved the vibrator in and out of this ass. Rowan gave a guttural grunt as his cum blasted into my mouth.

After a brief period of recovery, Rowan, still in the throes of ecstasy, whispers pleadingly, "oh Bob, fuck me... I want to feel your cock in me." I got some more lube and quickly crawled on top of my friend. Rowan lifted his legs high, his knees to his chest. I was surprised at how easily my hard cock slid into his tight little hole. I started fucking him slowly at first, sliding the full length of my shaft in and out of him. It was a comfortable fuck and I leaned forward to kiss my dear friend. Rowan received my tongue as we embraced during our union. The tightness and heat of his ass was too much, I could feel myself building to orgasm and quickened my pace.

"Oh god that feels so good," Rowan huffed. I started fucking him harder. With each groan and moan, my cock fucked in and out of him faster.

"Oh Rowan, your ass is so tight and good." I moaned. "I love your tight ass." I was breathing really heavy now and could feel myself on the verge of cumming. Rowan squeezed his sphincter and that did it. I exploded like a volcano, my cum spurting deep into my buddy.

We lay together on the bed recuperating. "Wouldn't it be awesome if we had a girl involved?" Rowan quizzed.

"Or two," I replied. "Even better, two bisexual women and us, a major foursome."

Neither of us knew of any bisexual girls. But, we certainly had discovered something new and very satisfying. Until we could meet others to enjoy this kind of contact in a group, we will continue to experiment with each other.

As you'll see in the stories to come, we have had some pretty interesting sexual encounters.