 Copyright 2000 by Paul. All rights reserved. All events and characters are fictitious.

One.

Paul pulled his old blue Ford Sierra into the car park of the travel Hotel and switched off the engine. He sat behind the steering wheel and ooked around him. 

Dusk was beginning to fall. Dark enough not to be recognised walking into the building and still too early for the evening rush of travellers trying for any spare rooms.

He spied the white mini Metro that Suzie drove. It was parked as close to the entrance as was possible as if he had every right to be there. Of course he did. 

Paul still couldn't free himself of the sense of guilt he had had ever since their first meeting. Was it wrong, what they had done together? He knew he had enjoyed it. He also knew that it was becoming increasingly difficult to perform with his wife. Was it guilt or was it that the slit between her legs no longer turned him on. He had brought up the subject of anal sex with her on a couple of occasions. It was twenty years or more since he had last made moves in that direction towards her. He'd forgotten the pain she had felt when he had first tried to enter her that way. 

She hadn't. The first time he'd asked she'd gently refused, the second, when he had tried to press her, she had suggested he see a Doctor.

He didn't need a Doctor. He just needed something his wife couldn't give him.

He wondered how long it had been since Suzie had arrived. Would he be waiting in reception or gone to the twin room they had booked. Many professional travellers shared rooms. One, it was company, two, if you slipped the receptionist a modest sum he or she would provide you with two receipts, one each, for your expenses claim.

He thoughts went back to their first meeting. How he had walked along the sea front and waited at the entrance to the old pier as nervous as a teenager on a first date.

Suzie had done everything right. Despite Suzie's misgivings they had used his car. He laughed out loud as he remembered the contortions he had had to put his ample and no longer supple frame through to get his mouth to Suzie's ass hole and then to get his prick inside it. Suzie had leapt like a shot Rabbit as his prick had first opened his anus. He'd squealed a little like a rabbit as well. 

He'd stuck it out and had let him try again. The second time he'd entered him. 

He had been so tight, he'd never felt a hole so tight. Suzie had already told him that he had only been fucked once before. A long, slow gentle fuck in a hotel room with an overseas visitor. It would have been a lot different from theirs.

Paul climbed out of the car. It was fully dark now. He could see the reception desk in the brightly lit entrance. He could only see one person, a young girl in a white blouse, sitting behind it. He collected his overnight bag from the boot of his car, took his waterproof coat from the front passenger seat, and locking the car, made his way inside.

The young girl looked up as he entered.

"Can I help you?" She asked.

He gave his and Suzie's names. The girl looked at her computer screen.

"Yes, Sir." She spoke briskly with a smile on her lips. Did she suspect what they were going to do? "Room number five. Through the door and turn right. It is the last door on the left. Your friend has already booked in."

The way she said friend. She did suspect.

He hurried through the doors and down the corridor, anxious to get away from reception. The door to number five stood slightly ajar. He opened it and entered the room.

"Hallo." He called, his voice hardly above a whisper.

"Hallo, Paul." The reply from the bathroom was full of confidence. "Lock the door and make yourself comfortable. I will only be a minute."

Locking the door he hung up his coat and jacket on the hooks in the back of the door and sat down on the sofa. The sofa which would have normally been opened out to make a second double bed in the room for when it was being used as a twin or as a family room. Suzie must have packed it away. There was the one double bed now. The corners of the sheets had been folded back ready for the occupants to go to bed.

He could smell perfume. A rather strong woman's perfume.

The bathroom door opened. For a few seconds there was no other movement, then Suzie walked into the room.

Suzie wore low heeled sandals with ankle straps, tights or stockings, a pale blue cocktail dress with a string of pearls around the neck. The lights sparkled in the rings on his fingers and the stones that dangled from his ears. Two mounds inside the top of the dress gave the impression of breasts. Paul looked at Suzie's face. It was free of make up. 

He carried a Claret glass three-parts full with a rich, deep coloured liquid. He stood for a second in the doorway then walked slowly towards Paul. Paul started to get to his feet.

"Don't get up." Suzie said. "Stay still."

Suzie smiled at him and handed him his glass.

"Had a hard day?" Suzie asked, opening Paul's overnight bag and sorting the contents into drawers in the cupboard across from the sofa upon which a fourteen-inch television sat. His pyjamas he slipped under a pillow on the bed and his washing bag he took into the bathroom. He returned carrying an open bottle of red wine and a second glass. Placing the wine and glass beside the television set he took Paul's slippers from his bag and knelt on the carpet in front of him. 

"Had a hard day?" Suzie repeated untying the laces on Paul's shoes and removing them. He fitted Paul's feet into his slippers. Collected his glass and wine bottle and remaining on the carpet leaned back with his head against Paul's knee.

"I had a good drive up." Paul replied when he finally found his voice. "How about you?"

"It was all right. The traffic was heavy getting out of Bristol.

"Yes I know." Paul agreed. "I ran into it on the Motorway as I was passing."

They both drank from their glasses. Paul wished his drink were a pint of beer.

Suzie turned his head to Paul and placing one of his hands on Paul's thighs asked.

"Are you feeling very tired?"

"No, not very tired." Paul confirmed.

Suzie moved his hand further up Paul's thigh. Paul found himself automatically opening his legs. The fingers stopped inches from his balls. Suzie watched the shapes underneath the material of Paul's trousers bring caused by Paul's prick growing and hardening. He gently ran his finger along the outline of it. Paul took a sharp intake of breath.

"Are you all right?" Suzie asked, concern in his voice.

"I'm fine. I really am."

Suzie undid his belt and the tops of Paul's trousers then slowly pulled down the zip. Paul lifted his ass from the sofa as Suzie eased them down over his hip to his ankles. Suzie kissed both of Paul's thighs before pulling down his underpants and freeing his prick.

Paul looked down. He could see the tip of his prick over the mound of his belly. 

Suzie wrapped his fingers around it and pulled back his foreskin. They looked into each other's eyes then, Suzie, licking his lips, took the tip of Paul's prick between them.

Paul closed his eyes and leaned back in the sofa, his head resting on the wall behind him.

Suzie had formed a tight ring with his lips around the head of Paul's prick as he moved it in and out of his mouth and was stroking the base with his fingers. With his other hand he gently held Paul's balls and tickled the skin between balls and asshole with a fingertip.

Paul couldn't have prevented his hips bucking had he wanted too. He didn't want to. He groaned out loud as Suzie's head and hand moved faster on his prick. Gasped and panted as Suzie's finger found his anus. Cried out loud, as he came. 

He held his breath as he shot time after time into Suzie's mouth, only releasing it with a huge sigh of relief when he had finished.

Suzie moved up onto the sofa and sat by his side holding Paul's hands in his.

"Better now?" Suzie asked leaning his head against Paul's shoulder.

Paul placed his arm around Suzie and the fingers of his other hand on the hem of his dress. Suzie caught his wrist and pulled his hand away.

"Not yet." He said. "Let's be a normal couple for an hour or two. Let's watch TV and send out for a pizza. We've got all night." 

Two.

They sat and watched TV. All the tensions he had been feeling earlier slowly left Paul leaving him feeling calm and relaxed. They'd ordered a pizza from the Service Station restaurant and Paul had ordered four cans of beer as well. Suzie had hid in the bathroom when the waiter from the restaurant had arrived with their order. 

He'd sniffed the air and smiled at Paul as he handed over his tray and waited for his tip.

Paul locked the door behind him and tapped on the door and told Suzie it was all right to come out. Suzie had taken the opportunity to change into his nightclothes. An almost see through ightdress and an almost equally sheer dressing gown.

They ate and drank and watched a poor film on the TV. Suzie seemed in his element. Tidying things away when they'd finished eating, topping up Paul's beer glass when it got low and generally fussing about him like, yes, like a woman. 

Finally the film was over and the late evening news was on. Paul pulled up the hem of Suzie's nightdress and placed his hand on his bare thigh. Paul moved to the floor between Suzie's legs. He lifted up the nightdress exposing Suzie's prick and balls. Suzie snatched back the material and covered himself with his hands.

"What?" Paul looked up at his face.

Suzie turned his head away.

"Don't look." He finally said. "Not while I'm dressed like this."

"Why not?" Paul was confused. "I've seen it before. I want to see you."

He was surprised that he did.

"I can't explain." Suzie looked down and ran his fingers through Paul's thinning hair. "I'm not gay. I have girlfriends. It just that I need sometimes to be dressed as and be treated as a woman. I didn't want the fantasy to end. When you look at me there you know what I am."

"I don't mind." Paul didn't understand. "Do you mean you don't want me to do anything? That you don't want it."

"I don't know." Suzie drew his fingers down the side of Paul's face. "I like it when you touch me. I like everything you did to me."

"Then let me do it again."

"But are you doing it because I'm a man or because I'm Suzie?"

Paul had to think about that one. Was it just the chance of Anal sex, he could get a female whore for that. Had he turned into a full blown gay? Did he need Suzie to be dressed as a woman? It did help. But there was more. Here was somebody who showed him affection. Something he realised had been missing from his relationship with his wife for many years.

"I want you." A lame answer.

"Me?" Suzie seemed to think long and hard about that word as is realising it's meaning for the first time.

"Me." He repeated.

"Yes, you."

Paul lifted Suzie's legs and placing them over his shoulders. Suzie's hands still covered his prick and balls but he could see the beginning of the crack that separated his ass cheeks. Kissing the backs of Suzie's thighs through his light covering of hairs he moved his mouth towards it. 

Feeling the two cheeks with his hands Paul pulled them apart and breathed in the smell. The perfume of talcum powder together with the earthiness of backside. He could just make out the tight folds of Suzie's anus. Pushing his tongue into Suzie's crack he touched it with its tip. Suzie moaned. Paul moved his tongue around the little hole. Feeling each wrinkle in the skin. A little whimper escaped from Suzie's lips. 

Paul pushed his face hard against Susie's ass cheeks and licked harder and faster. Releasing one of Suzie's ass cheeks Paul moved his hand around the front of his thigh and onto his prick. Suzie gasped out loud as Paul picked up his prick and started to stroke it. Suzie moved his own hands to his ass cheeks and pulled them further apart than Paul had done. Working up his saliva on his tongue Paul anointed the hole that appeared beneath his tongue then pushed it in. He could taste the bitterness of Suzie's insides. A bitterness that increased the further inside his tongue went. Suzie cried out. Paul stroked his prick faster listening for the changes in Suzie's breathing. As Suzie started to gasp for breath Paul pulled his tongue from his ass hole and moved his head until he could take the tip of Suzie's prick inside it. Suzie gasped three times more then started to cum. The force of his first load jerking Paul's head backwards, his second and third following in quick succession. 

Despite Paul swallowing as quickly as he could he could still feel some dribbling from the corners of his mouth and down the sides of his chin. Let it. He thought. He worked Suzie's foreskin back and forth with his hand and lips until it started to soften in his mouth. He lifted his head and looked at Suzie.

"All right?" He asked.

Suzie took a number of deep breaths and smiled down at Paul.

"You're leaking." He said, picking up the dribbles of cum on the tip of a finger and transferring it to his own mouth. 

Paul stood and stretched. His neck was stiff.

"I'm getting too old for crawling about on the floor." He remarked, massaging the back of his neck.

"I don't agree with that," said Suzie, reaching up and unfastening Paul's belt. 

Paul looked down at Suzie's fingers as they moved quickly unfastening and unzipping his trousers. By the time he stepped from them and Suzie had helped him from his underpants his prick was hard. Suzie stroked it for a few seconds then asked.

"Shall we go to bed?"

"Sure?"

"Yes."

Suzie stood up and, wrapping his arms around Paul's back pulled him close until their pricks touched through the material of his nightdress.

They kissed. Long and slow. Tongues touching. Suzie pulled away.

"You need a shave." He said, rubbing his chin and cheek.

Paul rubbed his own face. He would normally shave twice in a day. Especially if he was going out or going to fuck his wife. She had complained early in their marriage about his stubble. 

"I'll go to the bathroom." He said giving one of Suzie's ass cheeks a squeeze.

"Don't be too long." Suzie said going to the bed and pulling back the covers.

In the bathroom Paul pissed in the bowl with difficulty with his still hard prick. Then he removed his shirt and quickly washed, paying particular attention to his prick and balls, and shaved. He finished and rinsed his face free of soap. He looked at his naked body in the full-length mirror on the wall outside the door to the shower cubical. Since their first meeting he had had started taking exercise for the first time in years. His stomach certainly was smaller. He had better shoulder definition. He'd even had his hair cut. He realised he was portraying the classic signs of a man having an affair. He didn't suppose his wife would notice. She paid little attention to him most days.

He went back into the bedroom carrying his shirt. 

All the lights were out and all he had to see by was the glow squeezing through the blinds from the car park. He dropped his shirt on the sofa and fumbled for his overnight bag.

"What are you looking for?" Suzie asked softly.

"My bag. I have things in it." He wanted his condoms and KY.

"It's all right." Suzie said. "I've got something."

Climbing into bed Paul lay down beside Suzie's warm body and ran his hand between his legs. Suzie opened them as a woman would have. Paul lifted Suzie's nightdress and cupped his balls in his hand for a second before rubbing the soft, furry skin that led to his anus. His fingertip touched it. It was wet. Slippery. Paul pushed his middle finger against Suzie's anus and felt it open and allow him inside. He worked his finger in and out. First to one knuckle, then a second then finally in as far as he could go. 

Suzie bent his legs and helped by holding his ass cheeks apart. Paul removed his finger and replaced it with his index finger. It slid in without resistance. Working it in and out until Suzie had taken it all Paul then removed it slowly, feeling his anus closing behind it as it was pulled from him. With his index and middle finger side by side he pushed them both into Suzie. He heard Suzie grunt and felt his anus contract trying to prevent his entry. He pulled them back and pushed again.

That was better. Suzie's hole was opening to him. He could feel the tightness of his ring around his fingers as he worked them in and out. Suzie reached down and grabbed his wrist.

"That's enough for now." He said. "I'm ready."

In the half light Paul saw Suzie turn and reach to his bedside table and pick up a small jar. The top 'popped' as he removed it.

"Do you mind not wearing anything tonight?" Suzie said turning back towards him. 

"I want to carry your cum inside me."

Paul hesitated for a second. In these days of Aids he knew he should wear a condom, especially with a new lover.

"It will be all right." Suzie said, sensing his doubts. "I've only ever had two men inside me. Both of you wore condoms. You won't catch anything. I promise."

He reached down and stroked Paul's prick.

As Paul moved closer Suzie turned onto his side facing away from him. Reaching behind himself Suzie applied some Vaseline to the head of Paul's prick and some more to his own ass hole. Taking Paul's prick in his hand lifted one leg and positioned it against his anus. Paul pushed into him. He felt Suzie's anus opening as he moved forward. He heard a gentle moan from Suzie as he pulled back and pushed again. He was further in. 

He pulled back again and pushed. With a sigh Suzie lowered his leg as Paul started moving in and out of his ass hole. Suzie pushed back squeezing his anus tight as he met Paul's thrusts. Paul reached around him and held his prick, stroking in time. It started growing in his hand. Paul slowed down to prolong the fuck and give Suzie time to come as well. As he moved slowly in and out of Suzie's ass hole he stroked his prick faster and faster. He could feel Suzie's anus contracting around his prick as his orgasm built. He quickened his strokes in and out of his ass. He heard Suzie's gasp and felt his prick jerking in his hand as his own cum flew deep inside him.

They remained joined for a minute after they had finished coming, Suzie's anus contracting and relaxing around Paul's prick. Paul slowly pulled out from Suzie's hole. Suzie grunted as it left him and his ass hole started to shrink back to normal. 

"Sore?" Paul asked putting his arm around Suzie's back as he turned to face him.

"Not too bad." Suzie replied, wiping his ass with a towel from the bathroom then cleaning up Paul's prick.

"I enjoyed it." Paul said, squeezing one of Suzie's ass cheeks.

"I'm glad." Suzie said, kissing his cheek. 

"Tired?"

"A little."

"Sleep now."

Three.

It was still dark when Paul woke to find Suzie's hand on his balls. 

"Will you fuck me again?" Suzie asked.

"All right." Paul replied.

His prick was all ready hard. Suzie released his balls and Paul heard the top come off the Vaseline jar. The grease was cold against his prick when Suzie rubbed in on. Paul made to move, to mount Suzie.

"Don't move," Suzie said, applying Vaseline to his hole, "I want to do this."

Paul remained on his back as Suzie threw his leg across his body and, positioning the tip of his prick against his hole, sank down upon it. Paul heard him groan as he impaled his ass upon his prick. 

Suzie remained still for a few seconds then lifted himself until Paul's prick was nearly out of his hole. Then he lowered himself again. He leaned forward, placing his hands on Paul's chest as he moved up and down on his prick. It was Paul's turn to gasp at the tightness of his hole and the sensations it was sending through his body. 

Suzie shortened and quickened his movements. Paul reached up under Suzie's nightdress and felt his chest then moved his hands behind him and felt his ass cheeks. With one fingertip he touched Suzie's anus, feeling his own prick sliding in and out in it's coating of Vaseline.
