 The following is based on my true story...

We bought our first computer about 7 years ago, and signed up with AOL soon after. Before then, I had always been interested in reading erotic stories, regardless of the subject. Stories about 2 guys, or orgies of men and women always seemed to interest me the most, but I never thought I'd have the opportunity to try any of it for real.

Not long after joining AOL, I started "lurking" in the M4M chatrooms. Soon, I was joining in, and eventually found one made up of guys from my area. After chatting with one in particular for awhile, we made arrangements to meet. Since we both worked midnight to eight, breakfast seemed like the perfect time.

We met on a Friday morning, and were soon on our way to a secluded park in the country to get to know each other better. As I drove, he pulled out his cock and began to describe what he'd like to do. This was moving a little fast for me, but I wasn't going to object. In a few minutes, I found a quiet side road to pull off on, and we began to kiss each other. He gently pressed my face to his crotch, and I found myself putting my a cock in my mouth for the first time. After a few minutes, we swapped positions and he began to return the blow job.

Neither of us was comfortable doing this in the open as we were, so we decided to call it quits for then and meet again in a more private setting. This sounded like a great idea, until I got home and checked my email. In the hour it had taken me to get home after dropping him off at his car he had flooded my mailbox with notes and pictures. Many of the pictures included younger guys that could have easily been considered Kiddie porn. About the same time he began to harass me with instant messages asking when I was going to leave my wife for him. This was definitely not what I had in mind when I started this adventure, and promptly told him to take a hike.

Jump ahead a couple of years. My first experience with another guy had kind of left a bad taste in my mouth. But I was still eager to try more if I could find the right person. My business had transferred me from the west coast (where I had met the first guy) to Virginia. The problem was my wife had not started working after the move, and it was hard for me to get out without her. About six months after getting here, I was told I was going to have to go to Las Vegas for a couple of weeks for a conference. Believe me, it just broke my heart! I realized this was my opportunity to try again. I immediately started searching the internet personals, and responded to a couple of ads. A few people replied, but none seemed as promising as they originally had in the ad. Then I got an email from Tom. He and his lover, Mark, liked to occasionally meet up with a third. They wanted to know if I was interested. I explained my inexperience, but they said that was fine. Tom sent their phone number, and we made arrangements to meet for dinner when I got to Vegas.

My first night in town was taken up with business matters as part of the conference, but my second night was free. I called Tom, and he said he would pick me up at a near-by bar. I asked if I could treat he and Mark to dinner or drinks, but he said not to worry. They would prepare a home cooked meal and had everything we'd need.

Right on schedule that evening, Tom pulled up in his Jeep and I climbed in along side him. We talked as if we were old friends as he drove to his condo. I was nervous, but he but me at ease when he said there were no expectations. We could stop whenever I said. He and Mark wanted this to be an enjoyable experience for all of us, so we all had to be comfortable with it.

We got to their place on the northern outskirts of Vegas and went inside. I guess I should describe the three of us. I was 33 at the time, about 5'11 and 200 pounds (yes, I'm a little overweight). I've got short brown hair and a moustache. I'm not a male model, but not exactly a troll, either. Tom was in his mid-forties, with short graying hair and a short beard. Mark was about my age, maybe a year or two younger, and built much like me. He had dark brown hair, and a beard, too. He was just finishing up dinner as Tom and I arrived, so we sat down to eat almost immediately. Dinner was enjoyable. Again, we all seemed at ease with each other, and dinner passed quickly. Afterwards, we went to the living room.

Mark and I sat on the couch while Tom went upstairs to get a video to "set the mood." As he went up, Mark and I began kissing and fondling each other. Tom came back down and put the video in. He sat next to me on the couch so I was sandwiched between he and Mark, and pulled me over to him, saying it was his turn. The three of us continued like this for a few minutes, nobody paying much attention to the movie. After about five minutes, I suggested we forget the movie and go upstairs. I didn't need to say it twice!

In their bedroom, we began to slowly undress each other as we kissed and fondled. I soon found myself on my knees in front of them as they kissed, with two hard cocks staring me in the face. It was a dream come true! Tom's cock was about 6-7 inches long, but very thin. Mark's was only 4 inches or so long hard, but very thick. I alternated sucking them as they moaned into each other's mouth in a long kiss. Since neither was really huge, I was able to take them both all the way into my mouth. I loved the feeling of the silky skin sliding across my lips and wanted more.

Mark suggested we take a quick shower, and led the way to the bathroom. The glass walled shower was a little tight for all three of us, but that made it all the more interesting and fun. We began to lather each other up with soap, our hands roaming and exploring every bit of the other's bodies. Being the new guy, I think I got a little more attention than either of them, but I didn't mind. We soon shut off the water and stepped out to dry each other off and go back to the bed room.

On the bed, Mark and Tom gently laid me on my back and began to explore rub and massage my entire body. Mark was kneeling near my head, and I couldn't resist the sight of his hard cock inches from my mouth. I leaned over and once again sucked his entire length into my mouth. Tom worked his way down my legs with his hands, and was soon sucking my toes one at a time into his mouth. He began his way back up between my legs, spreading them as he went. I soon felt the most incredible sensation as he began to rim my ass with his tongue. He swirled it around the edges first, and was soon working into my hole. The feeling was unbelievable. He asked if I wanted to be fucked. I was a little nervous, but he said he would start off with his fingers and slowly get me used to it.

If I wanted to stop, I just had to say so, and we'd stop. I agreed, and a rolled over on to my hands and knees. Mark stayed near my face, rubbing my shoulders and occasionally kissing me, and telling me to relax. I felt Tom squeeze some lubricant onto my ass and begin to rub in small circles. He soon had one, and then two fingers inserted. It felt good but uncomfortable at the same time. I was pressing back to meet his fingers, and was about to ask him to take them out and put in his cock when I began to get scared. Mark sensed my nervousness and told Tom to stop. He was good to his word and stopped immediately. I felt bad that he hadn't been able to continue, but Tom said not to worry, I could fix it all by fucking him. Mark knelt down and began to lube Tom's ass, then turned and sucked my cock for a few seconds before he slipped a condom over it. Tom knelt on the edge of the bed, and I stood behind him. 

Mark pulled me closer and guided my 7 inch cock into Tom's ass. I slowly began to press forward, and felt Tom's body engulf me tightly. Mark stood behind me and reached around to pinch my nipples and gently squeeze my balls as I slowly began to fuck Tom. His ass was tight, so tight it felt as though the rubber was being pulled off me each time I withdrew. I could feel Marks hard cock sliding against my ass as I began to piston faster in and out of Tom. I reached around to stroke Tom's cock as I fucked him, and, after a few minutes, felt his whole body stiffen. A second later my hand was covered with his cum. He asked me to pull out and lay beside him. I laid down and he knelt over me and took my cock in his mouth. Mark knelt next to his head and began to beat off. I couldn't take it anymore and began to cum on Tom's face. A second later Mark did the same.

The three of us collapsed into a naked heap on the bed. After a few minutes, we began kissing and fondling again, but since it was getting late and we all had to work the following day, we decided we better call it quits for the night. After another quick shower, Tom gave me a lift back to my Hotel. We hoped to meet again that weekend, but things didn't work out, and I came home a few days later.

I haven't had any experiences with guys since then, but would like to try again. I'm separated now, soon to be divorced, so that's not much of a problem anymore. I've been hitting the internet personals, hoping to find someone in this area that's interested, but so far no luck. My company is scheduled to send someone out to Vegas for another conference this year. I wonder if I've still got that phone number...