 Hi everyone. Sorry it's been a while since the last chapter. I've just been really busy with studying. Thanks for all your lovely comments, I really appreciate them. On to the story...

I must admit that most of my thoughts were occupied by my secret admirer. I spent countless hours going through various people that it could be. I didn't know whether to just forget about it or wait and see what would happen. I was suddenly imagining scenarios where it would be some guy who could sweep me off my feet, take me to heaven and back and we would live happily ever after in a dream house by the sea with a dog and my kids coming to visit as often as possible. Yeah, so maybe not exactly real life, but I could dream the fairytale life couldn't I? 

Anyway, I didn't even know how my kids would react if they knew I was bi-sexual. What if I was to have a relationship with a guy one day, would they accept it or would they freak out and never speak to me again? The thought of that nearly gave me a heart attack, so I decided to quit thinking such thoughts.

At dinner about a week later the mood seemed to be a little tense. Laura was pre-occupied with her own wandersome thoughts and didn't say much. Joe, my eldest boy was whispering quietly with Darren about something. I figured it was teenage stuff. I really admired both my boys. They were so close in age and sometimes it caused arguments no end, but other times they were like twins and inseparable. Joe was only four months old when we found out Laura was expecting again. To say it was a shock was an understatement. Back then we didn't realize she could get pregnant so quickly afterwards so we didn't use protection. Not that we complained or anything, but money was a little tight. I always wanted a boy, even when I was younger I always longed for a 'little me' who would follow me around, who I could take to sports games, play with cars and build things. (I guess comes from having 3 sisters) That rarely happened with my boys, although I went to everything my kids did and played. Joe loves his music and Darren, well anything in the car or bike department is his passion. Hannah, well she's my little baby. She's a mummy's girl at heart, but still my angel. 

I was staring at my three precious gems and just thinking about what I would do without them in my life and how proud I was of them, when I was nudged in the arm by Laura. I finished my meal and stood up. I grinned at my children and I could see the mock horror on their faces as they knew what was coming.

"Awww Daaaaaaaaad." They moaned, trying to hide their faces.

I moved and leaned over to give them sloppy wet kisses on the cheek. "I love you kids, more than anything else in the world." They chanted that bit with me. I laughed along with Laura. Okay, so I was silly sometimes.

After that, things became quiet but I could tell that the boys were nervous about something. I wondered if it was personal, but they kept glancing my way and whispering again. Did they know about the secret admirer? Had they overheard something? I saw Joe blush a few times when he looked over my way and wondered if it was about sex or relationships. I was always honest with them about stuff like that. From day one, I taught them to love and respect their bodies. When they were old enough, I told them about puberty, masturbation, sex, love and all the bits in between. I'd always made it clear that if they had any questions, they could come to me and never feel embarrassed. Laura had the job of teaching Hannah only the month or so before hand, about periods and horrible stuff like that. I know I was a little worried, as the boys were at that age when hormones were playing up. I'd lost my virginity at fourteen, and knots started to form in my stomach when I thought of Joe having sex so early. I wondered if they both masturbated together or went further like me and Andy did. Obviously that was different, we were friends, but still, I knew even then that it happened with siblings, especially ones so close in age.

Surprisingly, the thought didn't bother me, if they did, I was glad they had someone to share it with. It got me thinking that maybe I would have another chat to them soon about mutual masturbation and sex at an early age. I wondered whether I should tell them about my own experiences with gay sex, just so they know that it's okay to experiment. But then again, would it just freak them out? It made me wonder whether one of my own kids could be gay or Hannah a lesbian. Some say it's in the genes. I had always brought them up to treat everyone as equal, but it made me worry that they would think differently of me if they knew that side of my personality or nature or whatever it is. Would they still love and respect me as their father?

Oh the joys of parenting!

******************

That night whilst in the bath, I thought about my teenage years. Some might say they were the best years of my life, learning, experimenting and growing, but it was also difficult for me admitting who I was. Okay, so I was attracted to both sexes, but if I had to choose, men would have been my priority, but I wanted a family, so met and fell in love with Laura. 

Thinking about my earlier experiences with the male form got my imagination going overdrive. I just love the way a man's skin feels, so hard, but also soft and strong. I love to feel a male body spooning behind me with his dick nestled against my lower back or butt and his strong hands gripping me tight over my chest. I longed to feel the stubble of a man's face when waking up in the morning and catching a morning kiss. To feel him kissing, caressing, loving my body and me loving him back from head to toe. How I missed those days.

I noticed that my hands began to roam over my body as these thoughts passed through me. It always turned me on so I let myself feel all over. It had been a long time since I'd really loved my body in that way. Oh yeah, so I'd jerked off like every guy on a daily basis, but not took time to make a long session out of it. I liked to be teased and held back from orgasm for as long as possible. I played with my nipples as I watched my dick pulse and throb half out of the water. I grabbed the soap and made my chest slippery, running my fingers gently along the shaft, causing tingles throughout my body. My hand held onto the shaft and watched as I squeezed a little pre-cum out of the tip, holding my foreskin back. I slowly stroked myself as my left fingers played with my nipples, then to my balls, where I played and held them for a while. Eventually, I spread my legs wider and adjusted my body a little so I could tease my hole.

It had been a while since I'd been able to do this and I wanted to make sure I made it good. Squeezing my dick again, I brought a finger from my left hand to my puckered hole and rubbed it gently, causing pleasure to race through me. I tried to stifle a moan as I put more pressure on and entered my soapy finger. The sensations were incredible as I pushed it right inside, causing my dick to leak more pre-cum. Doing this made me realize how much I had actually missed being penetrated and wish I still had my dildo (that Laura threw away). 

With my finger still fucking my hole, I entered a second and slowly pushed it in and out. My right hand quickly stroked my cock, which was leaking profusely now. Taking some pre-cum, I licked it off my finger, letting another low moan escape my throat. I love the taste of my own cum, it makes me so much hornier. With my legs now either side of the bath, I led down lower so I could fuck myself harder. I knew that I couldn't hold back this time as much as I wanted to. I was so turned on that I needed to shoot so badly. My right hand grabbed and yanked on my throbbing dick until I couldn't take anymore.

With a groan, I felt my anus clench around my fingers and watched as cum unloaded onto my chest and abdomen, finally dribbling after four or five shots. My orgasm kept rocking through my body as I pulled my fingers out and attempted to sit back up.

"Wow!" I said to myself quietly. I heard a loud knock at the bathroom door. I quickly washed, dried and wrapped a towel around my waist before exiting the bathroom. Darren was stood outside. He had this stupid grin on his face, so I figured he'd heard me. I kept my cool and didn't blush.

"Bathroom's yours, Son." I said, patting him on the shoulder.

He was still grinning. "Enjoy yourself in there, dad?" He asked. I looked back in surprise, but shrugged and gave him a smile then a wink.

"Sure, just like you do." The grin left his face and was replaced with a deep crimson blush. I let out a chuckle. Busted!

**************************

The following week flew by without a word from my admirer. I figured that they had given up bothering me and somehow let it be. I was actually quite disappointed and felt a little rejected in some way. Maybe I had it in my mind that this person, either male or female, could free me out of the loveless marriage and make me happy again.

It was actually on a Monday, a couple of weeks later that I suddenly and unexpectedly heard from my admirer. Going to work, I entered my office to find another gorgeous bunch of flowers and this time a card attached. I sat down and opened it up. The writing was hand written, but I figured it would be the shop lady's writing, rather than the actual admirer.

Daniel. I know this has been troubling you, and I know you have been trying to figure out who I am. One day soon, I hope to tell you to your face. 

All you need to know right now is that I love you. I love you like no other and always will, but all will be revealed soon enough. All my love, your secret admirer xxx

I read it time and time again. I decided to phone my best friend Andy, but he was busy in a meeting. So I phoned Steve, figuring he'd know what to do.

"Hey Dan, how's things?" He asked.

"I'm ok thanks. I've got another bunch of flowers from the admirer and this time a message."

"Oh ok, what does it say?" He asked, curiously.

I told him word for word. "So what do you think, should I take this seriously?" I asked afterwards.

Steve remained quiet. He spoke up. "I'm not sure, but it seems like this person either really loves you or is taking the piss."

"You think it's still a joke?" I asked him.

"What do you think? They're going to a lot of trouble if it is. Just leave it and see what happens. If it's a joke then it's a sick one."

"Yeah I guess so. Thanks anyway, Steve. Hey, you think it's a woman then?"

"Don't know, but not many people know you're Bi, so I'm guessing it is."

"Yeah, probably. Thanks, seeya Friday." I said

"Ok, bye." He said then hung up

I couldn't concentrate all day. Mary found another vase to put the flowers in and I think even she was curious to know who the mystery woman was, since I'd told her. She said she would still listen out for me, to see if anyone said or did anything unusual and I thanked her again, but doubted that anyone would give anything away. 

Later on whilst working out in the gym, I stared over at Brad, and he was looking over at me and we smiled. I walked over to him and we chatted for a few minutes. 

"Looking hot tonight, Daniel." He remarked whilst eyeing me from head to toe.

I smiled. "Yeah? You're not so bad yourself." I commented as I looked him up and down, navy blue shorts which were much too tight, and a tight white t-shirt. He grinned and his blue eyes flashed that flirty and teasing sparkle that I knew so well.

He casually ran a finger down my arm. "How about we both head for the sauna and let off a bit a steam."

I so wanted to do that right then, and he knew I did. When we went out on a 'date', I'd explained about my long and overdue absence with men and he was really determined to make it up in any way possible. I was getting hard just thinking about it and I noticed that he was too.

I think he knew I was waying up my options, but I wondered if it was really sleazy to do it in a sauna. Maybe just once? What if he was my admirer and this was my chance to make something happen? What if he wasn't my admirer and I'd destroy whatever chance I might have with the other person because of this act, no matter how fucking hot it would be and how horny I was right then.

"Well?" Brad asked me, interrupting my thoughts. I looked into his eyes, but I couldn't see anything other than pure lust. If there was any love there surely I would've seen it right at that moment.

"This is just sex isn't it Brad, I mean if you feel anything for me, you would tell me, right?"

He looked curiously at me, probably wondered what I was getting at, then he nodded as if he understood. He whispered to me. "I know about the admirer, Steve already asked me last week. It's not me. All I want to do is see that hot body of yours naked and run my tongue along your sweaty skin."

I groaned. I couldn't help it. I went from semi- hard, to full blown erection in under two seconds flat.

I smiled and agreed to go and have some fun in the sauna. It felt so naughty, but I really couldn't care less what people would think. This gorgeous guy had basically told me he wanted me and I wanted to give him that pleasure. I only hoped that nobody would come in while we were at it, whatever the 'at it' would be.

The sauna was already hot as we sat down, but Brad added more water, which gave it more heat. The sweat was literally starting to drip from us, as he grabbed hold of me and let our bodies slide against each other. A moan escaped my mouth as he lifted my tank top off and chewed on my erect nipples. He grabbed hold of my erection through my shorts, and played with my balls. His lips and hand felt fantastic, but I knew we didn't have time for foreplay, after all, this was just supposed to be quick, fast, hot sex.

I quickly moved my hand towards his crotch and felt the hardness sticking up over the waistband and wondered how he'd managed to do that without me noticing. I pulled him off me and knelt down in front of him. I think he was a little surprised by my actions, but I wasn't. I was so desperate to feel a dick inside my mouth that I would do anything to make it happen. As soon as his shorts were off, I held his dick and stroked the slippery shaft. We both let out soft moans. I leaned over towards the head and sniffed the sweaty masculine aroma coming from his crotch.

"Seventeen years." I said to Brad as I opened my mouth to taste his dick.

Initially, I thought I would struggle to take him. It had been many years since I'd sucked another guy and taken him down my throat, but I guess it's like riding a bike, you never forget.

I remembered about the teeth, I remembered to use my tongue and I even remembered how to relax my throat. I guess it was easier than I thought; Brad seemed to think so anyway. He kept complimenting me, telling me how good of a cocksucker I was. Although pretty insulting, at that moment it was the best thing I'd heard in a long while. 

I used to really enjoy giving blowjobs, even more than receiving them. I didn't even bother about my own leaking erection whilst I was sucking Brad; it was enough pleasure for me making sure he got pleasure.

I moaned against his shaft as my tongue rolled around the length. He was bucking his hips and had his hands on my head, forcing more of him inside my mouth. I gagged a little and he slowed down. I guessed he was getting close as his moaning became louder. I played with his big hairy balls which were hanging slightly off the edge of the bench and I sensed that turned him on even more. 

All of a sudden, he started thrusting faster and I felt his dick swell some in my throat. I knew that this was the moment I'd been waiting for and I was going to swallow as much as I could. With one loud growl, he forced my head right onto his pubic bush and came down my throat. I groaned as I felt it splash inside my mouth when I pulled off a little so I could taste him. Allowing a little to dribble down my chin, I took him out of my mouth and wiped the rest of his juice to taste some more. He watched me as I licked my lips and smiled. His breathing calmed down and he stood me up and grinned.

"Wow! Fuckin amazing, Danny boy. Now your turn." He said.

"Too late." I laughed but couldn't help blush. I'd already cum whilst sucking him. "Sorry." I pulled my shorts down to reveal my soggy almost limp dick. It didn't seem to matter. He licked me clean and told me I tasted good. I nearly got hard again but explained that we'd better finish before someone finds us.

In the showers, I think we were both a little embarrassed and unsure. From being really flirty and teasing with each other, we were now just giving shy looks and hardly flirting at all. We both knew it was only sex, I certainly didn't feel anything for Brad that I thought I maybe should feel. Somehow I figured that nothing would be the same way between us again and I figured that by doing what we did, we had lost that 'spark' we had previously.

Unfortunately I didn't have time to sit and talk with him, but I said we would chat next time at the gym. We smiled as I left, and it was like all the tension went away, for the time being.

**************

I was confused and not feeling myself for a couple of weeks after the 'incident' with Brad. My emotions and thoughts were all over the place. 

For one thing, Brad and I had chatted and agreed that nothing more was to come from that day, that it was just a bit of fun, and we both had a good time. I totally agreed, but there was still some unease between us and I didn't feel things were perfect like before. I never told anyone about it though. I knew my friends would think it was slutty and so unlike me, so I kept it to myself.

Laura had told me that there was a guy from work who she liked and apparently the feeling was mutual. She asked for my thoughts and opinion on the matter. Although we had stopped being husband and wife a long time ago and the kids were fully aware of that fact, I still felt some sort of jealousy or protectiveness. I wasn't sure which one it was. I told her to go for it of course, but I wasn't totally 100% for the idea of Laura dating. Not that I could say anything, as I had my own fling with Brad, plus my secret admirer.

That was another thing bothering me. I hadn't heard from him or her in a while and it was starting to get me down. I was enjoying this little chase they had going, and the whole secrecy thing. But now I figured it was all a stupid prank to get my hopes up. I guess that with Laura finally dating again and not hearing from my admirer got me feeling lonely and unwanted.

*************************

Then it happened. Five weeks after the last contact, I got a note from my secret admirer. It was delivered with a gorgeous bunch of flowers to my office on a Monday morning. I was so excited; I was almost jumping up and down. I quickly ripped open the note and read it.

'Daniel, I'm sorry it has been a long while since my last contact. I have just been trying to pick up the courage to finally come clean. I know you have been frustrated and concerned. It has been terrible to watch you these last few weeks. Anyway, the time has come for me to reveal myself. 

Meet me outside the Farmhouse restaurant at 7.45pm tonight. I have booked a meal there and I hope you will dress for the occasion. Please come All my love, your secret admirer xxx'

"FUCK!" I said out loud. Mary rushed in.

"Are you ok, Daniel?" She asked, coming up to me.

I showed her the note. "My God." She replied. Then "Oops sorry, Daniel. It's just...well..."

"Yeah I know. This is it, Mary. Tonight I find out who my secret admirer is." I said leaning back against my leather chair.

***************

Whilst getting myself ready that night I was a nervous wreck. I must have brought out everything I own onto the bed, in order to try and look my best. Not that I figured I needed to impress him or her by the sounds of it, they already loved me anyway.
