 He walks into the hotel and heads for the elevator. His insides trembling. His thoughts racing.

She had called him and told him to be here today at exactly 4pm.

She would not say what for. (though she did not have to). He knew she wanted to see him for a reason. The reasons did not matter. The only thing that mattered was that MISTRESS called him. 

As the elevator doors open and he steps in, his thoughts are of HER. Knowing he loves to please her. Wondering what she has in store for him today.

The doors close in front of him and the elevator starts to rise slowly. It finally stops on the 10th floor and he steps out. Looking around at the doors, he finds the room. 

For a brief moment, a chill passes through him that he cannot explain. His unsteady hand reaches up and knocks on the door to room 1022.

His thoughts are scrambled. Why is he so nervous? HE is the dominant one here too. As he waits for the door to open, he thinks to himself. I am a dominant to anyone but HER. She knows me. Knows my deepest secrets.

The door slowly opens and he enters the room. He leans forward and kisses her cheek softly. Hello. How are you? It has been a while since I have seen you.

Yes, love, she replies, it has been too long. But, you have not been far from my thoughts. In fact,today is about YOU, love.

He looks at her questioningly as she smiles at him softly. Today, out of the many things you have revealed to me in confidence, you will have one of them come true.

I know you will be very shy and maybe even a little bit unwilling to start but, you will come around for me. 

I want you to remember that I love you, and I will take care of you. I will let nothing bad happen to you.

The look on his face was calm but, inside he was shaking. His thoughts were racing back in time. Trying to find one of the things that they talked about. His mind is drawing a blank. He looks at her and says, I trust you with everything about me.

Good, she replied. Now, come all the way in and undress. We are about to begin. He moves to the center of the room and begins to undress.

As he removes his clothes, his mind is spinning. He trusts Mistress. Yet he is a little apprehensive. He does not like this not knowing what will happen next. He has always been the one in charge. He tells his submissives what to do.

Now, it is his turn. He will play that role for HER.

Undressed, he begins his role. Mistress, what would you like me to do now, he asks.

She has been sitting in the chair watching him undress. Thinking to herself what a wonderful body he has. How she will enjoy today. How she will make his desire come true.

Thinking that he has told her so much. Over the last year, they have shared secrets, desires, pain and happiness. She is so glad they met. She slowly gets up and walks to him. She places her hands on the sides of his cheeks. She leans into him and places her soft lips against his then tells him to kneel before her.

He kneels before her, looking up to her face. He is thinking that she is so beautiful and he will do anything for her.

She moves to the table and picks up her leather cuffs. She returns to him and kneels behind him as he brings his arms together for her.

As she places the cuffs on him, she lightly kisses his neck. She whispers in his ear telling him how much she loves him and how proud of him she is for trusting her enough to not ask, just do.

She rises and moves back to the table. She picks up a blindfold and walks in front of him. As she places the soft cloth over his wondering eyes, she smiles. She knows in her heart that he would never do this for anyone else.

She moves away from him. Leaving him in the middle of the room to think about what will be happening soon.

He is excited, she can tell this by looking at his growing erection.

She smiles and picks up her drink, takes a sip and sits it back down. 

A knock on the door makes him jump. His mind is racing now. How will she explain this to anyone. Will she let them in to see him this way. She sees him squirm a little and says to him, shhh, just don't move. Everything is ok.

She walks to the door and opens it. He is right on time. She lets him enter the room. He is thinking, who is that? What is going on here.

She walks back to him. She places her hand upon his shoulder.

She talks to him in her soft, yet strong voice. Sweetheart, today, you will let me help you with a fantasy you told me about long ago. You once told me that you had a fantasy of being Dominated into sucking a man's cock. He starts to speak but, she tells him with authority to hush and listen.

He closes his mouth, squirming around a little on his knees. Shifting nervously. He hears her voice talking to the other man. Strip now.

He hears pants unzip and being removed. He is getting more and more nervous. She tells the man to move forward. Stand in front of my slave. Do not touch him. Just stand there. Understood?

He hears, yes, Ma'am. He hears the sound of feet on the carpet near him.

She says stop there. She kneels on the floor beside him. Her arm slips around his shoulders. 

Dear, you know you have secretly longed for this. You told me as much. We talked about this at length. You just never thought it would happen.

Tonight, my love, it will happen. His head starts shaking from side to side. His mouth opens but, she places her fingers to his lips. Shhhh, love. You do not want to be in trouble as well now do you?

His head again shakes from side to side. She tells him good boy. 

She looks up at the submissive in front of her. You may begin to slowly stroke yourself. The submissive begins stroking his cock.

She begins whispering to him. You should see his cock, love. It is very nice to look at. It is growing bigger with each stroke he does. She looks up at the submissive. Do not bring yourself near an orgasm. Continue until I say stop.

In his ear, he hears her. Love, this cock is so nice, I know you will enjoy having it between those precious little lips of yours.

You are going to show Mistress how much you love her and want to please her by sucking this cock. I will help you, love. Not to worry. I will be here through it all.

I will guide his cock to your lips. I will help it slide into your hot waiting mouth. His body is shaking. He cannot tell if it is because he is scared or excited or maybe both. His mind wanders as his tongue in advertently slips past his lips and licks them.

His mouth seems to be very dry right now. Mistress picks up her drink and puts it to his lips. Drink, love. Just a little sip. He takes a drink and she moves the glass away. She speaks softly. He knows it is not to him she is talking.

Your cock is big and hard now. Stop stroking it and move a little closer to him. His body stiffens. 

Her hand on his shoulder starts to stroke it as she says, love, this is your fantasy. I am here to help you complete it.

You know you want to please me and please yourself in knowing that your fantasy came true. I want you to open your mouth for me, love. Come on, you can do it for me.

She puts her hand to his mouth and helps him open it. It opens ever so slightly. She presses her hand against the sides of his mouth firmly but, gently. His mouth begins to open more. When his mouth is open to her satisfaction, she tells him not to close it at all or she will be very upset with him.

She talks to the submissive. Now, I want you to move closer and put the head of your cock just on his lips. No further. As he moves forward, she puts her hand back to his mouth. Do not move love, I promise you this will not hurt.

He feels something touch his lips. His head tries to pull back but, Mistress will not let it. 

He feels her hand on his lips just below the tip of the cock. 

She whispers in his ear. Now you will do as you are told. Do not make me tell you more than one time to do something, love. Is that clear? His head nods slowly up and down. When he does this, he feels the tip of that cock touch his lips again.

She tells him in a firm voice to stick his tongue out. As his tongue slides out of his mouth, it touches the tip of the cock. He hears a slight moan from above his head. His tongue darts back in. 

He hears, again, love. This time, when you touch the cock with it, I want you to move your tongue around it. Slowly, not fast at all.

His body shivers but, his tongue slides back out. He then lets his tongue begin to move around the tip of the cock as instructed. Again, he hears a moan.

Mistress tells him how good that looks when she sees him licking the tip of that beautiful cock. She tells him to move his tongue back in his mouth. He does as he is told.

She tells the submissive to slowly inch forward putting his hard cock a little further into his mouth. 

As his mouth begins to fill with the hard cock, his head again tries to pull back. She won't let him move though. He begins to gag a little. She tells the submissive to stop. His cock is halfway into his mouth now.

She whispers to him, sweetheart, let your throat relax. Take him in slowly. Lick his cock like it is a sucker. 

Slowly his mouth and tongue move around the hardened cock. He begins to move his head a little. Back then forward. She has her hand on the back of his head guiding him as he moves.

She has encouraging words for him. You are doing just fine my love, just fine, continue. She lets him continue at his own pace until his mouth is full of the swollen cock. She places her hand up under the submissive and feels of his balls.

She smiles as she looks up at him and nods her head. 

She places herself behind her submissive. She puts both hands aside his head. She then nods to the standing male. As she does, her grip gets tighter on him.

The standing submissive begins to moan and pushes a little harder into his mouth. As he does this, he explodes hot cum into his mouth. 

He tries to jerk away but, she won't let him. Shhhhh, she says as she holds onto his head. Swallow it love. Drink it all down. This is part of sucking a cock. You must take the end results as well. 

She sees his throat muscles swallow as she continues to hold his head still. The standing submissive moans again as his last spurts of hot, juicy cum, fill the mouth in front of him.

He takes his now limp cock out of his mouth. She looks up at him and tells him to go clean up. As he leaves for the bathroom, she rounds to the front of him on the floor. She is kneeling in front of him as she slowly takes the blindfold off.

She looks at him, then she places a long slow kiss on his still cum stained lips. He tongue slides in his mouth and he kisses her back.

She stops and looks at him. Seeing his eyes for the first time since this all started. She tells him: Now, you have one fantasy fulfilled. Are there any others you wish to talk to me about, love?

He shakes his head no as she moves around to his back and begins to undo his restraints. The male submissive comes from the bathroom already dressed.

She stands for a moment and talks to him. She tells him thank you for his time and if she ever needs him again, she will call him. He thanks her as she walks him to the door. The door closes and she moves back to him.

She helps him stand on his weak legs. She walks him to the bed that has already been turned down. She lets him lay down and relax. She climbs in the bed beside him and lays with her head on his chest.

I am so proud of you love, you pleased me immensely tonight.

He gently takes her head and places it on the pillow as he rises up. He leans over her with both hands on either side of her.

He leans into her as if he is going to kiss her. He stops just short and looks at her as he says: Tonight, I will give you. Just remember, I know YOUR secrets too my LOVE.

Then he places a long, deep, wet kiss on her lips as he makes love to her.