 This story is the property of the author. It is not to be changed in any way, nor published or shown at other web sites without the permission of the author. 

Please provide feedback, if you choose. All comments appreciated.



Paul Carson removed his examination gown and began to dress as he listened to his Doctor telling him about his lab tests. "Paul, every thing is within normal range for you. You are in good health and you should have lots of good years ahead of you. Your heart is sound, cholesterol level excellent, and your prostate checks out fine too." Dr. Joe Calvin told him. Paul thanked him and continued dressing while he looked expectantly at his friend and physician of several years. The Doctor seemed puzzled as he looked at his friend. Then he realized what he had forgotten to tell Paul. "Oh, that other thing you asked me about checks out ok too. You don't have HIV or any other STD's." Paul breathed a sigh of relief. He had gone on vacation and had ended up having a bisexual affair with a couple he met in Cancun, Mexico. They were a threesome for a couple of nights and had enjoyed the sex immensely however after he left Cancun he wondered he might have picked up STD's or worse; HIV.

"Thanks for checking that out for me, Joe. It was very worrisome not knowing. As I told you I met this guy and his wife at a hotel bar and after a few drinks, some terrific jokes and more booze that I normally have we all ended up in bed." Paul told his friend and Doctor.

"Well, that's what vacationsare all about, Paul. I'm glad you enjoyed yourself." Dr. Joe replied, and for having come to me and find out for sure your STD and HIV status."

"I know, Joe, but I never expected to have sex with the husband too. I just got carried away."

"Paul, it's year 2011 and not 1911. Sex is more open now and many men and women are bisexual. A lot of men and women our age have bi experiences now and think nothing of it. You had fun and I'll bet it was good for you to let your hair down and party a little." Dr, Joe counseled his friend.

Paul nodded as they shook hands, "Thanks again, my friend, for everything." He didn't expect Joe to respond as friends sometimes just 'know' nothing had changed between them. Before he had gone to Cancun Joe had urged him to have some fun and had encouraged the vacation. Paul was a sixty year old successful business man and a widower. He lost his wife to Alzheimer's disease about five years ago and had become a bit of a loner. He did not date, even after five years, and he threw himself into his work. He had never been a part of the 'partying' class and to tell the truth he was a bit afraid to get into the dating scene after all those years in a decidedly good and loving marriage. At Joe's insistence he had gone to Cancun to relax and in truth he did have good time. But truth be known, he enjoyed the bisexual affair just as much as the heterosexual fun with the guys wife. 

He had told Dr. Joe about how much fun he had with the guy, but it seemed to be in his thoughts constantly. Paul wondered about seeking out more 'encounters' with bisexual guys, but he couldn't bring himself to do it. He had known about online websites where people of 'like thoughts' could meet others and perhaps arrange something. Being a novice, Paul declined to examine these sites, thinking they might be traps for guys like him by people seeking to exploit or blackmail him. As a result, Paul did nothing about it. However, during his on line searches he would often come across warnings against being exposed to or contracting STD's or HIV. This latter thought, led him to tell Dr. Joe in detail, about what happened on his vacation. 

Luckily, he had dodged the proverbial silver bullet. Even so, the thoughts about that memorable experience kept returning to Paul's mind time and time again. Somehow what bothered Paul most about reliving the Cancun experience, is that he thought more about what he did with the guy, than with the guy's wife. Paul told Joe and his staff goodbye and left the doctors office feeling good about his health, but he still had his urges. Perhaps, he thought that was his 'cross to bear'. He drove home and quickly changed into very casual wear and decided to stay in tonight and watch some TV, have dinner and then go to bed. He would have a full day at the office tomorrow and would probably stay late to work out the details of several contracts he was involved with. After watching TV programs and the news he decide to call it a night and he retired to bed.

The next day ended at eight o'clock pm for Paul. As usual, he was the last to leave and had also been the first to arrive in the morning. He wasn't tired, but he was tired of working that day. He decided to go to his favorite restaurant and have dinner out. He left his office building and walked the three blocks to his favorite restaurant, entered and was seated at a table in an alcove which would give him some privacy. He ordered a rare filet, a baked potato and a small bottle of red Zinfandel wine. As he ate and other patrons entered or left the restaurant, his thoughts often turned to checking out both the women and the guys that they were with. Paul told himself that he was just looking to see if they were anyone he knew, but he also knew that he was having thoughts of Cancun and the delights of his evening there.

Just as Paul finished eating and the waiter cleaned off his table, he saw a man about his age that had taken a seat at the bar. He was wearing a well tailored suit and tie and was sipping a glass of red wine. He turned and looked at Paul, smiled and raised his glass in a toast gesture. Paul nodded and lifted his glass up too then thought that perhaps he shouldn't have done that. Perhaps the man thought that this gesture meant that Paul was interested in the man. Paul watched as the man got off his stool, picked up his wine glass and walked towards Paul's table. As Paul was still holding his glass up and the man bent and clinked his glass to Paul's. They both took a generous sip of wine and the man asked Paul if he could sit at his table as he had been hired to find and speak to him. 

Paul gestured towards the chair and the man promptly sat down. He introduced himself as Philippe Du Mont and handed Paul his business card. Paul introduced himself then looked at the card which had Philippe's name, but no address or business name and no telephone number on the card. "Mr. Carson," Philippe began, "I represent a group of gentlemen who hire me to find clients for them. I was given your name a few days ago and told where I might find you, and I'm happy to say that they were indeed correct. I waited for you to finish work, but like all successful business owners you were the first to arrive and the last to leave. And that Mr. Carson is how I managed to find you and followed you here."

Paul smiled at the man's introductory remarks and put his wine glass down. "And to what great purpose did your group of gentlemen have in mind when they sent you." Philippe explained that he could not reveal the names of his patrons, but instead was to present him with a proposal. Also he was to indemnify him for his time spent in listening to and considering the proposal. A yes or a no answer would not be expected or required tonight, but by this Friday, two days from now, an answer would be appreciated. He paused, looked deep into Paul's eyes as though seeking some sign of interest. Then he placed an envelope on the table in front of Paul and continued.

"Enclosed, to cover your time and any inconvenience caused you, is $2000.00 dollars. If you choose not to accept the proposal you may keep the money as payment for considering the proposal. If you do accept then the money must be returned on Friday when I provide you with additional information concerning contact with my employers." Philippe concluded.

"Well, Philippe, you certainly have peaked my interest and I will hear your proposal and accept the handsome fee, that I am to keep if I refuse the offer. Now, I'm waiting for you to reveal the proposal." 

Philippe slid his chair closer to Paul so that he could better see the dining room and provide a little more security in case anyone approached too close. Paul was a little irritated with the cloak and dagger measures that Philippe just introduced, but he decided to go along for a few more minutes, at least. Philippe asked Paul to hear him out completely before saying anything. With some reluctance, Paul agreed to his request. 

"My employers," Philippe began, "are, like you, very successful and well moneyed gentlemen. They have formed an association of like minded men and have been in operation for over five years. They meet at an undisclosed location at least once a month and more often if they can. Their objective is gratification of their 'Art'. They have conducted a private analysis of you, your likes, dislikes and habits. They believe that you would do well as one of their members. Their research has led them to conclude that you would be a sought after member of their group. They are devoted to one another and they share information within their group, which has made them extremely wealthy and happy associates. You too would be privy to that information after you are accepted as a member and have passed the initiation ceremony. Now, I'm going to reveal some information that the members provided me and please remember that it is privileged information. If you refuse, the information about you in their file will be sent to you and you can do with it as you like. Paul was obviously curious and somewhat angered that the 'group' had compiled information on him. He took a long breath and decided to let Philippe continue.

Clearing his drying throat, Philippe took a sip of his wine and continued. "Paul, the group knows all about Cancun and your participation, but that's what interested them in you." Paul was visibly angry and was straining to retain control of himself. "Paul, please don't shoot the messenger. I am only doing what they asked of me, and I do it because they pay me handsomely. Let me continue." Paul nodded, but it was with a noticeable degree of anger. "These men want to induct you into their inner circle of bisexual activities. They are not interested in bringing attention to themselves and that is why they are so secretive. Gatherings are conducted at private mansions where they are safe from anyone's view outside of the membership. Sometimes women are added to provide a change of pace for them. But usually the meetings are about bisexual sex among them selves and 'meetings' are conducted on weekends."

Paul sat in his chair astounded by Philippe's revelations. Philippe realized that Paul was amazed at what he was hearing and he decided to speedup his mission to conclusion. "You will be initiated blindfolded Paul, and you will slowly have been prepared for all of the activities that will take place. The members will be masked, but you will not. When the initiation is concluded they will remove their masks and welcome you into their organization. Finally, let's meet here on Friday at four o'clock pm and you can give me your answer." Philippe arose and bid Paul a good night and left the club leaving Paul sitting and slowly shaking his head. He could not believe what he had just heard. He arose from his table and picked up the envelope Philippe had given him. He went to pay his bill, but learned that Philippe had already done that. Then Paul ordered a drink of scotch whiskey drank it straight and walked off into the night towards his parked car.

Paul awoke early Friday morning after a mostly sleepless night. Today he had to decide what he would do with the offer Philippe had given him. He sat down to read his paper while he had breakfast. He went to place a napkin on his lap and discovered he had a huge hardon pushing his pants out. He hurried through breakfast and drove to the office. All through the day he kept looking at his watch which was unusual for him. Usually time seemed to move at light speed during his busy days, but today it seemed like he had the speed of a turtle, as he kept looking at the clock to see if it was time to meet Philippe. Finally, the day was over and Paul hurried to leave the building and head to the restaurant to meet Philippe. He could see and feel his cock pushing hard at the fabric of his shorts and trousers. He couldn't help remembering that he had a hardon almost all day long. That hadn't happened since he was a teenager.

Entering the restaurant Paul saw Philippe sitting in a booth at the rear. He hurried to the booth and sat down across from Philippe. The two men smiled and Paul handed him the envelope containing the $2000.00. Philippe nodded as he put the envelope in his briefcase. "My employers will be glad to get this back and also to welcome you into their organization. Be ready at twelve noon tomorrow at your home. A limousine will pick you up at noon. Wear casual clothes and don't pack a bag because you will not need it. Thank you for accepting their proposal and the return of this money. It will soon become my fee, and Paul, I believe we have both won. You won't be sorry." Philippe arose from the booth, put his coat on and left. Paul moved to the bar and ordered a scotch whiskey drank it then left for his home. Again he noticed his huge hardon as he drove home obviously very aroused. He went to bed near midnight and wanted to jack off to relieve himself, but decided that it might be best if he didn't. Finally, he fell asleep hornier that he had been since Cancun.

The next day at noon, Paul watched from his entryway window as a black limousine pulled up and stopped at the front of his home. He was ambivalent about he had agreed to do, but also excited about what lay ahead for him. He stepped onto the large porch, locked his front door and went to the limo. The driver, dressed in a chauffeurs' uniform, complete with hat, opened and held the door for him. Paul took a deep breath and stepped into the limo. The amenities inside the limo were the epitome of luxury with leather seats, telephone, TV set and a full bar. The driver started the car and told him that he was welcome to have a drink then he pulled out of the driveway and headed for the interstate highway a few blocks away. Paul mixed himself a whiskey and water and sipped at his drink as he rode. That was the last thing Paul remembered.

He awakened completely naked in a candle lit room without windows. He immediately wondered what he had gotten himself into. He realized that not only was he naked, but he was restrained in a spread eagle position on some sort of modern day rack-like bed. He remembered that he had agreed to join the organization that the man called Philippe had offered him. He also realized that he had been drugged since he could not recall how he had come to this place naked and restrained. He tested his leather restraints, but as he suspected, they were secured to the head and foot boards of the bed and locked. Paul lifted his head to get a better look at his ankle restraints and was surprised to see that his body had been completely shaved, except for his head. All hair on his chest, underarms, pubic area and legs was gone. He could smell an aroma that he correctly suspected was a depilatory that would keep him hairless for the next few weeks. He called out a 'hello', but there was no answer.

Now he noticed that there was clock on the wall to his right that he could see if he twisted his head. The time was five o'clock, but he didn't know if that was pm or am, and there was nothing to tell him what day it was. Paul assumed that it still was Saturday and it was late afternoon. Knowing that there was nothing he could do in his present state and condition he closed his eyes and waited for his 'captors' to arrive. A few minutes later an unseen door in the wall in front of him opened silently and five men entered the room. Four of them wore a black leather hoods which covered their heads and faces leaving just their nostrils, upper lips and chins showing. The fifth man wore a red leather hood and all five of their bodies were naked with all hair shaved away. Each of them had hardons which Paul correctly estimated to be between six plus inches, to nearly eight inches in length. All of their cocks where about two inches in diameter, some a little bigger and some slightly smaller, but none were circumcised nor in the monster cock range. Their balls hung down about two to three inches.

The man wearing the red leather hood spoke, "Paul, first we all want to assure you that you will not be harmed in any permanent way. Hopefully, you will find your first stay with us enjoyable, pleasurable and entertaining. You will experience some discomfort, but if you pay attention to me you will only have some temporary discomfort without any real pain. We intend to excite all of your erotic and erogenous zones and you can help yourself by accepting both mentally and physically whatever happens here during your stay." Paul heard the words as though they were computer generated and the apparent leader confirmed that ear pieces, similar to hearing aids, had been inserted in his ears. The leader continued, "When your initiation is completed, this evening, you will have the opportunity to join us as a member of this organization or you may choose to refuse membership and you will be taken home at the end of your first and only session with us."

Paul attempted to speak, but the leader stopped him with a wave of his hand. "You may not speak until the session is over, or you are asked to speak." Paul stopped his attempt to speak and the leader continued, "Know that all of us in this organization are, like you, bisexual. We will perform many pleasant and exciting bisexual activities with, for and on you tonight. Each of us expect to cum at least twice tonight before the nights activity ends. You may not cum until we have finished cumming, which is say that you will cum last. You have already given us permission to 'have our way with you' when you returned the money to Philippe and accepted the ride to this place. We all hope that you will have a memorable and enjoyable experience, and will join us for more of these activities in the future. As you may suspect, during the time you were asleep, you were shaved of all hair below your neck and had your ass pussy prepared with several enemas to clean out your rectum completely." The leader touched a button on the remote control he held and the head and foot boards of the bed receded to a level below the mattress. 

The leader came to stand behind Paul's head, while two other men took up stations on either side of Paul's chest, another man stood at his hips and the fifth man stood at the footboard. The man at the foot of the bed touched the footboard and suddenly Paul's legs were raised up towards the ceiling, but kept wide apart. The mattress split just beneath the small of his back left his asscheeks hanging just over the end of the mattress and the man moved to stand almost between his spread legs. Paul looked up to see the leaders balls suspended just inches above his face. "We are now going introduce our genitals to you, Paul, and also stimulate your erogenous zones while your ass pussy is prepared to be taken by all of us." Paul was stunned at what he heard, and before he could try to speak, the leader had lowered his balls onto Paul's lips. 

"You may kiss and lick our genitals as we make them available to you, Paul." The leader informed him. At that precise moment Paul surrendered to the five men. There was no alternative; they would do as they wanted anyway. Furthermore, Paul suspected that they were secretly recording these proceedings on disk as insurance against disclosure if he declined to join. Then he felt a mouth cover each of his nipples as tongues flicked and licked his very sensitive tits. He moaned deeply as his nipples were very sensitive, and 'hard wired' to his cock, as he too began to get an erection. He no sooner realized he was getting a hardon when a pair of hands began to be drawn lightly over his cock and balls stimulating them even more. Then he felt another set of hands begin to examine his brownish pink asshole, applying some lubricant and gliding a finger over his sensitive asshole. After toying with his asshole the finger slid inside to the first knuckle. Sensing the finger entering his asshole, Paul moaned softly, causing the finger to slide completely inside his ass pussy. 
