 "Talking It Over But Attraction Wins"

On a humid summer night, Ben awoke with a wet feeling all over him. He thought he pissed in the bed, so he lifted the sheets and placed his fingers down his red briefs. He lifted his wet fingers to his nostrils and smelled. The odor was salty, and he realized he had a wet dream moments ago. Then he licked his fingers, tasting his own man juice for the first time.

Ben sat up, licking his lips. He smacked them, as he was surprised at the taste of his own cum. He thought about his sexual encounter with Larry. It made him so horny, and precum drizzled out of his dick. Ben began to pray about what he should do about his gay feelings because he thought he was only interested in women. After he prayed, he relaxed flat on his bed, but he couldn't sleep right away.

Ben decided to jack off a little bit by thinking about one of the BBW women he saw on a recent porn video. He thought about a Japanese BBW with a pink thong on with her pussy, dripping wet to her thighs. Of course, her titties were huge with ginormous nipples. He imagined her sucking his thick, anaconda-girthed dick. However, the thought of Larry came back to help out his fantasy. He fantasized Larry coming into his bedroom with the two of them, and the Japanese lady would share his dick with him. In real life, more precum oozed out of Ben's dick as he polished its head, like rubbing a genie's lamp to grant the wish of achieving orgasm.

Larry and the Japanese woman took turns sucking Ben's black dick like a chocolate Tootsie pop. They gave him big, long sucks. Larry would vacuum his mouth, taking in the entire dick. He sucked slowly and pulled out with a flick of his tongue. Larry would imitate a snake smelling the air with his tongue, teasing his cock. He gave the dick to the Japanese woman, and she rubbed the shaft and concentrated on the penis head. Larry massaged his balls and fiddled with one of Ben's nipples, but he licked his fingers before doing each action. Both of them looked into Ben's eyes in the middle of their acts as Ben came all over the Japanese lady's face. Ben actually came in real life inside his red briefs, turning them into a more crimson color. Before he drifted to sleep, he pictured Larry licking his cum off the woman's face, and they played with it, swirling it back and forth from each other's mouths.

***

Later on the following morning, Ben awoke to a loud text from Larry. Ben's eyes still had sleep crusted in his slits, but he managed to wipe them away to read the text. Larry's message read: HOW ARE YOU? I'VE BEEN HORNY ALL NIGHT. MY HAND ISN'T GOOD ENOUGH ANYMORE. I WANT US TO FROT TOGETHER. I NEED SOME WARMTH. I KNOW IT'S REALLY WARM OUTSIDE. BUT I REALLY NEED YOUR BIG TUMMY WARMING UP MINE.

Ben responded: I BET YOU WANT THIS SEXY CHOCOLATE. I ACTUALLY JACKED MYSELF TO SLEEP THINKING ABOUT YOU AND SOME CHICK TOGETHER.

Ben couldn't believe he was okay telling Larry all of this. An interesting smirk appeared on his face, like he wanted another good fuck. Although, Ben's smirk went away quickly when he had forgotten about his prayer from last night. Before Ben could text back about changing his mind, Larry responded quickly.

Larry's text read: THAT SOUNDS SO AWESOME AND SEXY AS HELL. THAT CAN BE ARRANGED. I KNOW THIS GIRL WHO IS ABOUT EVERYTHING. SHE WILL DO "ANYTHING."

Ben thought maybe he could just get off by having sex with her and not Larry if she's cute enough. Who is he kidding? Ben already thought Larry was cute as hell with all his chunkiness.

Ben text back: WE'LL TALK LATER.

Larry responded: OK.

Ben jumped out of bed and stripped before getting in the shower. He had the whole bathroom looking like there was a fire in there when someone knocked on his bathroom door. It was his mother banging loud enough, so he could hear her.

"Ben," yelled his mother.

"Yes, Momma," Ben said, gargling his mouth with mouthwash in the shower.

"Make sure that you work on your sermon for Sunday. Okay?" his mother requested.

Ben shot out his saliva-mixed mouthwash. He totally forgot about his speech during the revival. He was supposed to be the first person to speak there Sunday night.

"Yes, ma'am. I've already been working on it," Ben lied. Ben is a leader in his church, but he felt called to be a preacher sometimes. He actually only had the title of the speech in mind. It was to be called, "Love Without Limits." However, Ben thought about if that included love and affection for the same sex. Ben put down his washcloth and rinsed himself off, hoping that last drip of water would give him the answer.

***

At around 12 PM, Ben arrived to Larry's house. As usual, Ben heard the sound system blasting from outside. Ben knocked on the door, and Larry opened it. Larry didn't have a shirt on. He had sweat forming a waterfall down to his belly button. His big stomach looked juicy as ever.

"Come on in, man," Larry insisted, waving him inside with a white Wii remote.

After Larry closed the door shut, a barrage of kisses ambushed him. Ben started consuming his pink lips. Larry joined in, and the two twirled around slowly, embracing one another. They touched each other's asses, titties, and dicks in several combinations. Larry knocked Ben onto a near by wooden chair and sat on his lap. Larry pushed his pelvis against Ben's dick with long waves of pleasure. Ben caressed Larry's chunky ass through a different pair of basketball shorts.

They dry humped for a bit before someone said, "Uh, hum,"

Larry and Ben stopped their sexy escapade and turned in the direction of the sound.

It was a beautiful, brunette, white woman. She was in her twenties and a BBW. She wore a white sports bra and pink shorts.

"You guys make a cute couple. I didn't really want to interrupt you two, but I got to be somewhere in one hour. My fun work out on the Wii is being hindered," she said.

"My bad," said Larry, getting himself off of Ben's crotch. He kissed Ben one more time. He noticed the embarrassed look on Ben's face.

"Oh, hello there," Ben said shyly.

"Ben, this is Willa. Willa, this is Ben. You might as well say he's my boyfriend now - I'm hoping he will be," Larry said, inviting Ben to shake her hand.

"Well, I don't know about a relationship just yet. I admit this is a surprise," Ben said, shaking her soft hands.

"Don't worry. You shouldn't be ashamed about your feelings. It's okay that you're 'coming out the box.' I was actually the first person Larry told about his inner release," Willa said, letting go of his hand.

"I'm not sure how I feel about all of this," Ben said. "I think I may get into some trouble."

Larry wrapped his arms around Ben from behind him and leaned towards his ear. "I got your back, baby."

He kissed Ben tenderly on the side of his neck. Ben got aroused from this and grabbed Larry's thick, hairy arms. Ben thought something bad was going to happen to him, so he trusted in Larry's words. He liked to be called "baby" by Larry. He felt loved and cared for.

Larry let go of Ben and pranced over to Willa. "How about you finish up without me while me and Ben go talk. I think he needs this."

"Really? Now you know I have to work the next three days, so I won't be able to game with you until then," Willa said disappointed. She rested her hands on her waist.

Larry leaned towards her and said, "I will make it up to you. Besides, Ben is interested in a threesome." He winked at her, and she smiled back.

"I may take you up on that offer," she said. "I want to ride on both of your dicks. I don't care if you guys are gay. I want some dick."

"Technically, I feel bisexual," Ben, corrected her. He felt so dirty and sinful. Ben came up with the conclusion that no man's sin is greater than the other. He took hold of Larry's free hand and guided him out of the living room. Larry threw his controller on the couch and waved at Willa. "Just lock up when you leave, just in case we fuck," Larry said.

Ben smacked Larry's ass. "Don't keep telling her our business."

"Okay," Larry responded. Before they left the room, Larry motioned his free hand, like he was sucking a dick and laughed.

Willa went back to playing the Wii Sports game alone. Her ass jiggled as she attempted to swat a tennis ball at her opposing player. Ben looked at her and wondered that if he stayed with Larry he could try to date Willa. She looked so cute, but Ben felt bad that he thought about using Larry to get to her.

In the hallway, Larry took the lead, guiding Ben to his bedroom. They left the door open. Ben felt okay with that because the TV was really loud, drowning out the oncoming conversation.

"Are you feeling okay, love?" asked Larry, placing a hand on Ben's cheek. "Talk to me."

"I'm fine," Ben said. "Am I really gay? Am I having a nightmare?" Ben put his hands on top of his head and walked away from him.

Larry turned him around.

"Don't ever be afraid of your feelings. That's one thing God won't change about a person. I felt the same way in high school and college. So, I was like the hell with it. If he won't change the way I feel about other men, I might as well keep these feelings and come out in the open."

"I don't know what to do. I feel messed up on the inside," Ben said, folding his arms together. Worry took over his face.

"I'll show you," Larry said, wrapping his arms around Ben's thick frame. Ben kissed him in return.

Larry picked up Ben and slammed him playfully on the bed. Ben's face was in shock, and Larry climbed on top of him. They kissed each other with mild pecks, and then a little tongue action displayed even more affection. Larry rolled over and began to strip his remaining attire off. Ben took off all of his. Both of the dicks poised to partake in whatever sex act came. They dawned two girthy cocks. They weren't too long. They were about both five inches long and about two to three inches thick. Since, Larry's dick was the hulk, it was slightly bigger than Ben's.

"Would you like to suck my dick?" asked Larry, pumping his cock to perfection.

Ben thought about it, but he found himself reaching toward it with his mouth. He licked the tip of his dick, getting some precum on his tongue and swirling around the penis head. It reminded him of taking that first bite of a hotdog or a Polish sausage, where your tongue would touch the tip of it first.

Ben lunged with ease, putting the dick in and out of his mouth. He kissed it a few times and looked up at Larry. Larry had his head leaning back against his headboard.

"Oh, fuck, baby," Larry said, grabbing Ben's hair and pushing his head towards his groin.

Ben had a fondness for his new found play toy and kept sucking with delight.

"Make that ass dance for me," Larry demanded.

Ben followed orders and tried to make his ass clap, shaking his thighs together and attempting to twerk his ass. This turned Larry on some more. He fondled with his nipples and moaned. Ben sucked Larry's dick so good that he couldn't concentrate on Ben's gorgeous, brown ass. He leaned his back again and wrapped his legs around Ben's neck, not choking him. He wanted to keep Ben close to him forever.

Ben sucked and sucked like a sex-crazed slut, and Larry let out a deep moan. His body shook as he came all inside of Ben's mouth. This shocked Ben, so some of it flowed out of his mouth. Ben tasted it as it resembled his own taste and enjoyably lapped up Larry's cum. He licked his balls, his dick, and even the comforter they fucked on.

"OMG," Larry uttered. "Come here you handsome stud."

Ben climbed on top of him and kissed him. He tried to share whatever cum was left in his mouth with Larry.

Larry pulled away from him. "Your turn, babe."

He readjusted himself with his head against the headboard. Ben leaned in displaying his own cock for his turn to be washed up in a chub's mouth. Larry latched on with his own version of a sucking, dancing head trick. Ben couldn't believe how well he was sucking his dick. It felt amazing. Larry used his hard palate to massage his penis head, then he would take it all the way back into his throat. He coughed a few times, but stopped.

Ben felt so pleased at this feeling from a gay guy. He wanted to have sex with Willa also. He wondered if he could bang her one of these days by themselves.

A huge rush of pleasure interrupted Ben's thought. He spurt cum into Larry's cheek as Larry's chunky hand squeezed as much as he could into his mouth. Ben realigned his body with Larry's. Their stomach warmed each other as Larry's text desired earlier. They kissed a few more times and frotted their cum-dripping dicks on each other before Willa peered in on them.

"Oh, wow," she said intrigued. "That was so hot and cute. A chubby oreo."

"I know you want all of this. You'll get your turn soon," Larry said before kissing Ben again.

"How'd you like that fuck?" Ben asked her.

"I thought that was very impressive. I'm looking forward to it next time. I'll see you two love birds later in the week," she said, winking at the two of them.

"She's so hot," Ben said, returning his gaze to Larry's eyes.

"Yes, she is. She used to be my study buddy in Art Appreciation class," Larry said. They both laughed together.

Larry had a begging look on his face. "Do you think we can ever be a couple? I'm really attracted to you, and I want to share my life with someone special. I hoping that would be you."

"I would have to think about it. I'm not sure I'm ready to tell everyone. Anyways, I'm afraid of what will happen to me at my church. I have a lot of people looking up to me," Ben stated.

"But I look up to you, too," Larry said. "I haven't gone to church in a while, and I feel you may change that about me." He embraced Ben once again in a loving hug.

Ben didn't know what to think. "I will think about it some more, but I am enjoying our love making."

"Oh, you said it," Larry said, smiling. "You said love making."

"My feelings for you are getting stronger, so that's a plus." Ben said. He tried to rise up off Larry, but he held Ben in a vice grip.

"I'm starting to fall in love with you, Ben," Larry uttered, leaning in for another kiss.

"Me, too," Ben responded.

The two chubby bears closed their eyes in one long last kiss for the day.