 This story is complete and utter fiction, made up by me and my imagination. Feel free to vote, comment, compliment or complain. I have the rest of the story planned out and written in rough over about four parts.

Onto the story.

I was a 'normal' guy living a 'normal' life, 36 years old, married to a great woman called Laura and had three gorgeous kids, Joe at 14, Darren at 13 and Hannah at 11. I lived in a four bed roomed detached house in a lovely housing estate, near to family and friends. I also owned my own advertising company which was doing well (Still do and is), with contracts and jobs coming in week by week which allowed us to have a comfortable life. I thought myself to be a kind and caring boss with all my staff and I hoped that they respected me more for it.

Ok, so my life and marriage wasn't exactly as brilliant as people thought it was. We had or ups and downs as with any couple, but the last few months we hadn't made love, or been intimate once. Marriage guidance had helped, but after 16 years, I think we both knew what was coming. Yeah, so I loved her and she loved me but something was missing for the both of us, especially me. My kids mean the world to me, so we stayed together. We remained good friends though and got along well.

Being bi-sexual, I'd experienced gay sex when I was younger and found to like it – a lot. Since I met Laura, I hadn't really thought about it, or another man in that way. I'd look and admire, but nothing would come of it and I wondered if maybe that was the problem, that maybe I needed to do something to get it out of my system. I never did though, and vowed to never cheat on Laura and we had both agreed on that. I would leave before going into another relationship and she said the same thing. She knew about my sexuality and at first it worried her, especially if a cute guy walked by and I would glance his way, but she trusted me to be faithful and I trusted her.

*******

It all happened so suddenly, the way I found out about my secret admirer. One minute I was just going about my day to day business, getting up, going to work, coming home and chatting with my wife and the kids over dinner, going to bed. You know same old thing every day. But then, out of nowhere, my life takes a dramatic turn in a way I never thought possible.

The week actually started off as normal. Monday morning I got up, showered, shaved, dressed and had breakfast. As I was about to leave the house, the post came so I picked it up. I decided to open my mail at work and leave Laura's for her to open at home. Sitting in my office, I opened up the bills and junk mail, arranging everything in order as I'm such a neat organized freak. I noticed that there was an envelope with just my name on, no address, just my name in handwriting. It looked like a birthday card type envelope, but it wasn't my birthday anytime in the near future. I guessed it must have been hand delivered sometime during the early morning. Inside was a plain card with a red heart on the front, and inside that, it read…

'Daniel You are the most wonderful person I've ever known and mean a lot to everyone, mean a lot to me. I love you with all my heart and soul. All my love, your secret admirer xxx'

I stared at the card for what must have been five minutes before my secretary walked in. I quickly came back to life and hid the card away. The look on my face must have been one of shock and surprise because she came rushing up to me like I'd just passed out. 

"Are you okay hun, you look like you've seen a ghost." Mary asked as she made me drink my morning coffee.

"I'm fine thank you Mary; I've just read my home phone bill. It's come as a shock, the kids are growing up too fast, I think words will have to be said when I get home."

She smiled and talked about her children for a moment before walking away. I thanked her but I didn't want to mention the card, not yet anyway. She would only start to become detective and I wasn't sure what the whole thing meant anyway. The phone bill story wasn't a lie though; it did seem to be getting higher each time. Kids!

Once the door shut I looked at the card again. I didn't recognise the handwriting, but then again I was sure it would be disguised. I thought about who it could be; maybe it was Laura, maybe someone at work or various female friends/acquaintances, maybe one of the lads. Maybe it was just a simple prank, a joke to make me think someone actually fancied me. Yes that was it, a joke. 

I took that as the obvious answer and swore to never give it another thought, but still put the card in the locked draw for future reference. I casually kept a closer eye on people as I walked around my building and offices during the day, watching people as they passed, the way they looked or talked to me. Did they laugh or snicker? Did they flirt or tease? I figured that someone would give something away somehow, but then I figured I was just wasting my time and left it alone.

************

To be honest, I forgot about the whole thing until I was caught by surprise four days later on the Friday. As I walked to my car in the morning, there was a single red rose held down by the windscreen wipers. I picked it up and looked around me for any signs of unusual behavior. Nothing. I placed it on the passenger seat and drove to work, curios and confused. When I got there, in my parking space was another single red rose, taped next to my name on the brick wall. I quickly removed it, looked around me again and sighed. Grabbing both roses, I took them with me up to my office. I was seriously beginning to think someone was having me on. 

I looked at everyone again as I walked through. Nobody seemed to be acting strange or unusual, but I guess they wouldn't want to be really obvious. Mary looked at me with a funny expression as I held the two roses and glanced around. I could see the questions forming in her mind. It was a damn shame that even I couldn't explain it myself. I shrugged my shoulders and walked into my office, slumped down in the cool relaxing leather chair and stared at the two roses that some unknown person had left for me. I thought about it for a while, a long while. So this person knew where I worked and where I lived. I suppose that narrowed it down a little, but still, most people at work knew where I lived. 

Mary came in with a coffee. She smiled and said good morning as she normally did. Was it her? At 52 she was a little too old for me. Anyway I doubted it would be her, she was very happily married and had just renewed her wedding vows. But then again? Nah, stupid idea, she was more like my mother. Urrghh! I shivered at the thought.

"Roses?" She asked. I nodded. "From?" I shrugged. "Hmmm. Secret admirer huh?" She asked. I pulled the card out from my drawer and showed it to her. I didn't mind Mary seeing it. Mary was my lifeline at work. She'd been with me from the start, through thick and thin. She knew about my personal life and marriage problems. I could trust her with anything. My kids adore her.

"So what do you think?" I asked. I valued her opinion greatly.

"Oh Daniel, I'm not sure. I think this person is honest and true, but there isn't much you can do about it when you don't have a clue who it could be. Keep it safe. I'll put these in a vase for you. Try not to worry yourself over it for now. Let me know the next time you receive any contact. I'm just as intrigued." She patted my cheek and left with the roses, coming back a few minutes later to put them on my desk.

************

I know Mary said to forget it, but it was impossible not to think about it again. I couldn't help but confess my problem to Andy, Steve and Marco that night in the pub. Andy was my best friend since childhood, Steve we had known for a few years since college, and Marco who we had met at the gym, six years back. Friday night was 'our' night. A night to get pissed and tell disgusting jokes, to complain about women, kids, work and basically let off steam. In other words, be men.

Once I'd explained to them about my predicament, and after a few beers, they all laughed it off and thought it was funny. 

"You seriously think you have a secret admirer, Dan?" Steve asked, laughing at my expense.

"Well how do you explain it then? You know I'm starting to look at people differently, wondering if anyone could be her."

"Or him." Marco butted in.

"No guys it's a woman, I'm sure of it." I laughed. But then again, was it? It made me think.

We all sat there quiet for a moment. I hadn't thought of it being a guy. So a few people knew about my sexuality, I didn't hide it from anyone, but then again, I didn't exactly shout it out. I hadn't been sexually active with a man since before Laura, so it wasn't really an issue. Andy, Steve and Marco all knew and it wasn't a problem. They had experimented with guys in their early teens, except my feelings for guys went beyond the point of experimentation. Hell, Andy and I had sex when we were teenagers, but that's another story that I really wouldn't want to get into. When I knew I liked guys as well as girls we stopped messing about. I really fancied Andy then and if I were honest I still found him very attractive. I decided not to give it any more thought. 

They also knew about my troubling marriage and lack of sex life. We all talked about our love lives. Andy, 36, married with two children, Jason, 11 and Matthew, 8. Marco, 30, was divorced with one girl at 5, Steve, 37, was in a relationship with his girlfriend of two months. He'd been married twice, divorced twice and had four children. Our group was complicated. Although it may seem to other people that our lives were unstable, we were still there for each other no matter what. We had other friends who we went out with, but we liked it just the way it was when it was the four of us. I felt lucky to have such good friends.

"Hey it could be that hot new neighbour of yours mate?" Steve asked, bringing me back to earth. Forever the ladies man.

"Fuck yeah, she's gorgeous." Andy answered. We chuckled. "I'd do her."

"What about your wife?" I asked smiling.

"I'd settle for a threesome." He casually said, then grinned. Steve agreed and they 'high fived'. 

We carried on chatting and I got pissed, as usual. We soon forgot about the secret admirer and had a good night.

**********

The following Monday in my office, the telephone rang but when I answered it, the person put the phone down. I wondered if it was the 'admirer'. I dialed out to see what number it was but it said 'the caller withheld their number'. Typical. 

This happened on numerous occasions until Wednesday. I was beginning to get angry and thought about calling the police. For some people it might not seem to matter, but I didn't know who it was and I didn't know if it was a stalker or someone with an obsession.

On the Thursday, I received a bouquet of flowers and a box of expensive chocolates. I figured that it was the admirer again and asked the delivery guy which florist he was from. I decided to phone up and find out who ordered them. 

A woman answered the phone and I told her who I was and what I wanted. She went off the line for a few seconds whilst she found out the information. After less than a minute she came back.

"Sorry love, the person who ordered the flowers gave the instructions by our website. It's a new system we have for those who want to be kept anonymous. I don't know the name of the person who ordered them, only their credit card details, which I'm sure you'll understand I am not allowed to give out. Sorry I cannot help you."

I thanked her anyway and put the phone down. Fuck! I was seriously frustrated and pissed off.

Still, I ate the chocolates. Why waste them?

"Who are they from Daniel?" Mary asked, walking in. 

I allowed my colleagues and employees to call me by my first name. It doesn't seem as boss-like that way. "Wish I knew Mary, it's the same person I think." I replied, offering her a chocolate. "Would you mind finding a vase for these?" I asked politely.

"Not at all." She answered, taking a chocolate and the flowers with her out of the office.

I was honestly baffled by all the secret admirer stuff. I needed to know who it was soon before I cracked up. 

That night, I even started looking at my new neighbour like Steve had suggested, but she gave no indication of finding me attractive or wanting me when we talked or said 'hello'. 

Nobody at work did or said anything unusual either, not even Janice. Now Janice and I got along very well. She started working for me five years beforehand as one of my designers and we flirted something big. She was hot, had long brown hair with blond highlights, a tiny waist, nice breasts and a lovely personality. She asked me out a couple of times but as I was married, it was impossible, anyway she had a boyfriend. Still, I figured she was one possibility. 

At the gym there were a few people we spoke to who could have been my admirer. Brad was one of them. I found Brad to be a total turn on. The first time I saw him work out, I was mesmerised by his body and stamina. I guess he saw me looking and winked at me, which made me blush. It was only shortly afterwards, when Steve nudged me, that I realized I was erect and a bulge was showing through my gym shorts. Once we got talking and he realized I had a thing for men as well as women, he got brave with his advances. We flirted around, and he asked me out a number of times. He was taller than my 5ft 10" and had a little more muscle with a cute butt to match. We went out just as friends and I really liked him. In fact I stopped seeing him because I felt like I was cheating on Laura. Maybe it was him, maybe he felt more for me than I realised. He wouldn't be a bad choice; maybe something could happen between us.

At home or in our local pub, a few girls caught my eye, as well as a couple of guys. There was a woman who I had spoke to a few times and got along with. Helen was her name. We didn't speak enough to arrange a date, but we flirted. I thought maybe it was her. But could she love me? I didn't think so.

But then again it could be anyone I know or speak to. It was a complete mystery to me.

**********************

Friday night again sat in the pub, I told my friends about the mysterious phone calls and flowers and chocolates.

"My my Daniel, they have got it bad." Marco chuckled.

"Oh come on lads it isn't funny now. I need to know before I go mad. I'm wondering if I should tell Laura."

"It could be her, trying to make it up to you. She may want to get back together." Andy suggested.

I thought about it. "Hey, it could be. But why wouldn't she just tell me to my face?" I asked.

He shrugged. "Secrecy and thrill of it, Dan." 

I wondered if Andy was right.

So that night at home I asked her if she was my secret admirer. She just laughed. 

"Secret admirer? Don't flatter yourself. No it's not me, but it sounds like the girl really loves you." Laura replied.

"It doesn't bother you, that I have a secret admirer?" I asked.

She looked at me. "I'm not sure. I guess it does in a way, but then again I'm glad. You might be able to have a future with this person and it's not as if we're gonna get back together again. Our lives are separate Dan. As long as the kids are happy that's all I care about."

"Me too. " I said. She smiled and left the room.

I sighed and jumped into the shower soon afterwards. I really tried to rack my brain with thoughts of who it could be. There were people who I thought of, Helen, Janice, Brad, James, even Mary my secretary, before I laughed. But there could be others I didn't know about.

Stepping out of the shower, I dried myself and looked in the mirror at my naked form. So I wasn't bad looking, my body was ok. I thought my height was good enough, ash blond hair and blue eyes and an average shape face. I had a reasonable amount of body hair in all the right places, my muscles were average from working out in the gym and I had an average build. My chest was smooth as well as my ass, tanned and toned. My flaccid cock hung about 3-4 inches and grew to 6 1/2 when erect, average thickness and uncut, so I'm pretty average there as well. 

But that's me....average. Why would anyone go to the trouble of wanting to be my secret admirer? There's nothing special about me. Why would this person go to all this trouble?

I didn't sleep much that weekend.