 "Going in Deep and Coming Out"

"BUZZ, BUZZ," went Ben's phone. It almost fell off Larry's nightstand before he caught it. Ben focused his eyes as he read the text. It was from his mother. It read: "WHERE ARE YOU? YOU DIDN'T COME HOME LAST NIGHT. YOUR FATHER AND I TRIED TO CALL YOU SEVERAL TIMES. CALL ME ASAP."

Ben hesitated and began to text, "SORRY, MOMMA. I HAD A LITTLE TOO MUCH TO DRINK LAST NIGHT, SO I CRASHED AT A FRIEND'S HOUSE. I GUESS I WAS AFRAID TO DRIVE."

Ben sent the text and placed the phone back on the nightstand. Larry's arm wrapped around his waist and a soft morning kiss perched on his neck.

"Morning, baby," Larry said with his eyes still closed. Larry's dick ground itself in between Ben's ass cheeks. Wet precum waked Ben's ass up and caused Ben to spread out an ass cheek, allowing Larry's dick to get closer to the hole.

"Hey, stud," Ben replied, shoving his ass closer into Larry's pelvis. Ben turned his head to kiss him. They could still taste the liquor in each other's mouths. They drank two whole bottles of Paul Mason, and they settled at the edge of the bed. They didn't get to fuck last night. They both kissed each other to sleep while naked.

"You know you owe me a fuck," Ben said. "I got all naked for no reason."

"No, you didn't," Larry replied. "I wanted you in your birthday suit for me. I want to keep seeing what I'm working with. Because I got me a fine-ass, black man."

Ben turned over, facing Larry, and lunged at his mouth. They slobbered all over themselves. They kissed from the mouth, to the neck, and tongued each other down. They didn't care if they hadn't brushed their teeth yet. They just knew that they were in love with each other, but Ben felt drawn away, despite his infatuation with Larry. He couldn't get Willa out of his head.

"I want to fuck you in the ass, baby. I want some of that black ass," Larry begged, grabbing a big chunk of Ben's ass cheek and rubbing it.

Ben turned and got some Vaseline, in which they planned on using last night. He kicked the covers off of them. Ben opened the container and put a good bit on his hand. He smothered his asshole and stuck a finger in and out of it. Ben moaned while Larry put some Vaseline on his dick, jacking himself up to a hard rod.

Ben stuck two fingers in and moaned even louder. Larry lifted up Ben's ass and started jacking him as he fingered. Ben got hard super quick because Larry jacked him off really fast and spat on his dick in between pumps.

"Stop it. I'm about to cum!" Ben screamed, still fingering his asshole.

"That's the plan. Say my name and cum for me, my sexy beast," Larry demanded, pumping him even faster. Larry put his mouth near Ben's dick. At this point, Ben's ass rested on Larry's thick thighs.

"Larry! Larry! Larry!" Ben yelled out.

"Give me that shit! Cum in my mouth, baby!" Larry yelled. His big tongue touched the tip of Ben's black dick.

Ben couldn't resist his demands and the pleasure. He spurt stream after stream of his cum onto Larry's tongue and face. Not much got into his mouth like Larry wanted. Ben lie flat at this moment and his legs unhinged. Larry lapped up whatever cum was left and sucked Ben's dick for a bit. Then he playfully smacked his dick on his face. They both laughed.

"Now it's time for you to nut," Ben offered as he lifted his ass to Larry's face.

"Question first," Larry said. "Can I cum in your ass. I never gave anyone a cream pie before. I bet it looks so awesome."

Ben thought about it for a minute. "How will I clean it out?"

Larry laughed, "You can always shit it out."

"You're just nasty," Ben said, disgusted.

"If you don't give me that ass, I'm going to jack myself off. I won't even let you watch me do it," Larry said, covering up his dick as it began to shrink.

Ben shot up and wrapped his legs around Larry's waist and grabbed his shoulders. "You better give me that dick and quit playing with me." He kissed Larry's lips tenderly, as if begging him even deeper.

"Turn around," demanded Larry.

Ben did what he said and adjusted himself in the doggy position. He spread out his ass cheeks, exposing his pink rectum.

"Nice," Larry said, spanking Ben's ass. Then he put some more Vaseline on his dick. He smothered it even more this time. His dick returned back to the hulking giant Ben remembered best.

Ben waited for the red hulk to smash into his asshole, but before that happened, Larry put some spit on his fingers and plunged them inside the asshole. Ben moaned as Larry's chunky fingers went in and out.

"That should be wide enough for my dick to slip in," Larry said and he easily slipped his red dick inside the juicy, brown ass. Ben's head shot up and he moaned even louder. His asshole made a slurping noise. Larry pumped in and out slowly, being careful not to hurt Ben. Larry leaned in towards Ben's back and kissed him softly.

"It's going to be okay," Larry whispered. "I'm here for you. I'm going to take good care of you and your ass."

Ben rested on his stomach, allowing Larry to lie on top of him. He drilled his big dick up and down a little faster now. Larry clinched Ben's fat titties from underneath him and kissed his neck.

Ben loved what was happening to him and said, "I love you, Larry."

"I love you, too," Larry said. He pumped even harder and sped up his thrusts.

Larry's big stomach pinned Ben to the mattress even more as Larry positioned himself with his knees supporting his harder thrusts.

Both of the chubs moaned and hollered as Larry exploded into Ben's asshole. He colored Ben's pink rectum with his white cum. He kept pumping and squirting until he couldn't spit out anymore of his manhood's handiwork.

"Oh, fuck!" yelled out Larry. "Your ass is so good. Just look at it."

Larry got up and allowed Ben to turn onto his stomach. Larry walked to his bathroom and retrieved a hand mirror. He positioned it, so Ben could see his dripping asshole.

"You did that, baby," Ben said, fingering his asshole and swirling cum around it.

"Yes, I did," Larry said. He climbed back on top of Ben and wrapped both of their dicks in his hands and began to frot. This has started to become a favorite sex position for both them. They kissed each other until they tried to cum again. Larry came a few seconds after Ben. They didn't cum as much this time.

Ben's phone buzzed again and he picked it up, reading the text. His mother sent the message, "COME HOME WHEN YOU SOBER UP. I HOPE YOU DON'T GET LIKE THAT ANYMORE. YOU KNOW BETTER."

Ben grunted, and Larry moved in to see what was on the phone. Ben responded, "I'LL BE OKAY, MOMMA. I'LL SEE YOU SOON."

"Wow, your mom's a worry wart," Larry said. "I want to meet her one day."

Ben shook his head. "No, not yet."

"Why the fuck not, love?" Larry questioned him. If we're going to have a relationship, I want to meet your folks. I've been through this stuff before. I met my ex-boyfriend's parents, and they accepted me. It took them a while, but they came around."

"You got to realize that I'm scared of coming out. I feel that I went to far with this." Ben said, placing his hands on his head.

"So you don't love me at all? What was that 'I love you' shit?" Larry questioned, his voice getting deeper.

"Tone your ass down with me," Ben demanded. "I want respect, and I want you to respect my opinions and feelings." Ben pointed a finger at Larry's bare, hairy chest.

Larry grabbed Ben's arm and picked him up. He rushed Ben into the wall with a big thud. Ben put Larry in a headlock and Larry gave him a bear hug. They both stared at each other as if they wanted to kill one another, but both of their grips subsided and tears formed in Larry's eyes.

"I'm so stupid," Larry said. "I can't imagine hurting you. I'm just being selfish. I've been thinking about myself other than your own situation. I forgot it takes people time to come out the box. I forgot about my own journey." Larry cried and whimpered. He put Ben down and gave him a loving hug this time. Ben hugged his neck in return.

"It's going to be okay," Ben said. "We'll make it together."

"So what are trying to say?" Larry asked, kissing him instead of whimpering.

"I want you to be my boyfriend." Ben suggested.

Larry's face brightened, and he smiled. "Yes, yes. I got me a new man!"

Ben laughed and kissed him again. "Let's go out on a date tonight. You can pick me up at 7:00."

"Okay, where do you want to go?" Larry asked, cheerfully.

" I want to go to Buffalo Wild Wings," Ben said. "I want to try that taco burger they got."

"That sounds good," Larry said.

"Now, I need a shower. Are you going to join me?" Ben asked, caressing his black nipples. He backed away slowly from Larry, going to the bathroom. Larry couldn't resist and he pranced after him. Minutes later, they both moaned in the shower as they bathed one another and masturbated their lathered-up dicks.

***

Later that day, Ben opened the door to his parent's house. He walked past his mother, who was watching TV. She heard his footsteps and turned towards his direction.

"Ben, where have you been?" she asked, getting up from her seat. Mrs. Jean wore a green blouse with black slacks. As she came at him, her blouse became like kryptonite to Ben. He gathered his thoughts before speaking.

I've been with a friend of mine, Momma. I had a few drinks and got sleepy," Ben replied, trying to cover his tracks. "I can't talk right now I have to get myself ready for a date tonight-" he had to stop himself. He didn't want to reveal his secret just yet.

"Who is the young lady? I can't wait to see her. I bet she's cute," she said, eyes widened and smiling.

"It's actually a double date," Ben corrected. "The guy I spent the night with has a girlfriend. She hooked me up with one of her friends." He tried to make himself as believable as possible.

"I hope you don't stay out too late. We are expecting you to speak tomorrow morning, and you have to talk that night also," Mrs. Jean said.

"I know that, Momma. I'm a grown man. I know my responsibilities," Ben said, waving his hands at her. Ben walked to his bedroom and greeted his dad when he passed their bedroom.

Mr. Billy said, "Your new Bible came in today. It's a nice one. I'm jealous."

"Thanks, dad," Ben said. He opened his door and went inside.

Ben sat on his bed and looked at his dresser. There was a nice sized package with a big label on the box. He opened it up and revealed a beautiful looking King James Version Bible with several research topics at the bottom of every page. Ben searched for Bible verses about love. He read some of them to himself and meditated about it and his own life.

He realized he was in love with another man, and he wondered if God despised him for it. He held the Bible close to his chest.

Ben whispered, "Lord, I love Larry. He loves me. Is that still wrong? You are love, God."

He laid the book down near his pillow and took a nap. He prayed himself to sleep, thinking about Larry and asking God to bless their relationship.

A few hours later, Ben woke up and realized it was almost 7:00 PM. He had forty-five minutes to get ready. He swiftly searched for a nice shirt and jeans to wear in his dresser drawers.

His phone buzzed. It was Larry texting him. He read his text.

"I'M ON MY WAY," Larry texted.

"YOU CAN COME ON. I'M ALMOST DONE," Ben replied.

Ben finally found a pair of dark blue jeans and a white-collar shirt with some spider designs on it. It reminded him of Spider Man.

A moment later, Larry knocked on the door. Ms. Jean opened it and found Larry dressed in khakis and a black-striped dress shirt with short sleeves that had different color stripes on it. Larry's smile surprised her.

"Hello, Mrs. Baxton. I'm Larry, Ben's friend. It's nice to finally meet you," Larry said, attempting to hug her.

"Well, hello," she said. She became muffled as Larry's big body smothered her from talking clearly. She finally pushed him back gingerly and said, "It's nice to meet you, too. So, you and my son are double dating. Where are the girls?"

She peaked behind him, looking at his car.

Larry didn't know about Ben's lie, so he tried to go with it.

"They are still getting ready-," he faltered. "At home."

Mrs. Jean looked at him suspiciously but invited him in anyway.

"Just have a seat until Ben gets finished," she offered.

Larry sat down on their cream colored sofa. He began looking towards the hallway, eager to see Ben and how handsome he would be looking.

Ms. Jean thought it was odd that he kept his eyes focused back there.

"So, how long have you two been friends? I don't remember Ben mentioning you," she said, finally sitting down across from him in the same colored chair.

"We've known each other since high school, but we started hanging out together for about a few days," Larry admitted that part of their relationship.

"I see," she said. "I know how that is. You try to catch up with classmates, and friendships get started or reawaken."

"Yes, ma'am. I'm glad I became real close with him. I've been depressed about some things since then," Larry said, playing with his hands.

"There's nothing too big for the Lord. Cast all your burdens on him," she informed.

"Thanks, I'm trying. Ben's a great help. He's a blessing to me. Really, he is," Larry said happily.

Ben finally came from his room as he opened a piece of gum and stuck it in his mouth.

Larry saw how handsome he looked and said, "Wow!"

He quickly got up and hugged him. Ben was shocked and his eyes blew out of sockets as Larry hugged him his normal way. Ben actually liked it, but he was embarrassed. He looked at his mother and saw the look on her face. It was a curious look.

"How are you, man?" Ben said, trying to give him a brotherly hug instead.

"I'm great," Larry said. He pecked Ben on the lips with a big wet kiss. Ben faltered back. Larry couldn't believe his reaction.

"No, I should have hinted at you earlier," Ben said, wiping away his kiss from his lips. Ben looked at his mother, who was so shocked that her mouth hung open almost touching her lap.

"What in the world," said Mrs. Jean. "What did I just see?"

"Well, you might as well tell her, Ben," Larry suggested. He grabbed Ben by the waist. There big bellies touching one another.

Ben didn't look up. "He's my boyfriend, Momma."

"Ben has been a gift from God to me, Mrs. Baxton," Larry said. "I never had a partner like him."

"My baby is dating a man???" She questioned with tears forming in her eyes.

"Momma, I'm sorry," Ben said, walking to her and grabbing her hands. "I've been fighting these feelings for a long time, and I finally gave in. I'm glad I did because I don't have to fight anymore. I can finally live the way I always felt. I love women and men. I'm not totally gay."

"No!" she yelled. "My baby isn't going to be an abomination to God!"

Ben backed away from her. "Momma, I've been studying God's word. I've prayed about all of this. Trust me."

Larry went to Ben's aid and held his hand.

"Mrs. Baxton, please," Larry said. "Listen to your son. He's been going through this his whole life. God finally sent him a great person to love and cherish. He sent me."

"Wait until I tell your father when he gets back," she said. "I don't know how he'll react. Oh, my Lord. He may kick you out of the house."

"Mother let me tell him on my own time, please," Ben pleaded. "Besides, I want to leave from here on my own terms. We are leaving now, and I want you to know I'm going to be okay. I love Larry, and he loves me. Please, let me handle my life journey."

Ms. Jean sobbed, "I'm not giving up on my son. This has to be a phase."

"Mom, I'll be fine. I want to enjoy my man tonight," Ben said. "I'll see you later."

He kissed his mother and grabbed Larry's hand.

"You did good, Ben," Larry said, squeezing Ben's hand tighter.

"Thanks," Ben replied as he looked at his mother one last time before closing the door. She cried and sniffed without looking at them leaving.

On the outside, Ben walked ahead of Larry to his car. Larry gave Ben a hard smack on the ass.

"I hope to hit that again, tonight," Larry said excitedly.

"If you're a good boy, you'll get all the ass you want. Who knows? I might want to dick down your fat ass, too," Ben said, rubbing his cock.

Ben's stomach growled. "I'm getting hungry."

Larry patted his stomach and then his hard dick. "My stomach and dick are hungry at the same time. Which one will get fed first?"

"Come here, sexy," Ben demanded, wrapping his arms around Larry's waist. Larry did the same. They kissed and tongued each other for a good minute with their bellies rubbing together. They rolled around on the side of Larry's car before finally stopping and getting inside. They drove off listening to lovemaking music.