 It was a partly cloudy day with blue sky playing hide and seek with the puffy white clouds that almost looked like lingerie.

Tommy looked across the lot and saw Darling flirting with customers. As Darling walked with the customers the sunlight spotlighted her showing almost right through her white cotton dress with no slip, and he could see her hot pink bikini panties outlining her perfect butt. Her panties were not the modern clueless panties. Hers showed the bite and the panty lines that gave enough clues for men to stare for more.

As she changed direction in the parking lot, the wind and sun worked together to press her dress against her chest and reveal her dark puffy nipples with hard tips, if only momentarily. The playful breeze caught her dress head on and pushed against her hips giving a sculpture of her pussy mound and tantalizing hints of dark pubic hair along the panty leg bands and camel toe. 

Darling glanced at Tommy wistfully and Tommy knew she noticed him looking.

Tommy only made one sale that week, but Darling was racking up sales. He kept trying to think about what he was doing wrong.

Then one day on the way out one of her customers remarked, "She is better than my wife ever was!"

Tommy laid awake at night trying to determine what the customer had meant, and if he was serious. He thought back on many of his own previous customers, and what they may have said.

Jason was looking for a new vehicle and appeared on Tommy's shift one day.

Tommy walked up with a friendly smile and a handshake. "Hello, my name is Tommy. What vehicles are you interested in today?"

"Hello, my name is Jason and I am looking for a roomy and attractive SUV."

Things developed quickly and soon they went for a test ride. They stopped on a shady lane behind a public shopping center where they could get out and look over the features of the SUV comfortably away from passersby. The nose of the vehicle was pointing in toward the trees, and with the windows down they had a nice breeze and could talk about the vehicle.

Tommy remarked, "You looked at home in the driver's seat. It seems to fit you well, and you look good in it. Why don't we fill out the application and see what happens?"

They had pushed the seats back demonstrating the available room, comfort and privacy. Tommy had bought them a couple of burgers, and drinks which they brought with them and finished there.

Jason answered, "I am thinking about it but I need some incentive."

Tommy asked with a joking grin, "The burger wasn't enough? What can I do to make the sale?" Tommy did need to make some income because he had some bills piling up.

"Well this won't make the sale complete, but I do need some help with something." As he said this he pushed back a little in his seat and turned his hips more toward Tommy.

Reading the body language Tommy thought he had misinterpreted something. He froze not wanting to say anything to offend because he wanted the sale.

Jason said, "Sometimes you have to go the extra mile."

Things were going a little too fast for Tommy. But he felt like he was on the verge of making a sale.

"Do you think I look good in this position?"

Tommy looked at his chest. He could smell cologne. 

"No, look at this," and Jason motioned to his crotch.

Mumbling, Tommy haltingly said, "Yes." He didn't want to lose a sale. 

"Look it is getting harder at your attention." Jason said. "Go ahead and feel it."

He took Tommy's hand and placed it on his cock. "Tuck the pants under it and grab it. That way it will stand out. You are a good looking man so you can appreciate a nice cock, can't you?"

Speechless, Tommy nodded his head while he held the cock through the clothing. It was hard, and he could feel it was hot.

"Shift your hand up and down a little so you can feel its shape more." He paused while Tommy did that. "You know what, these pants are too tight now, would you mind unfastening them?" Without realizing it this was Tommy's first time giving a hand job to another mans cock.

Jason shuffled his pants down some since they were unfastened. He kept Tommy's hand on his cock over the underwear. "Thank you. You are good with your hands." 

Continuing Jason said, "With one hand at the small of my back and the other pulling the underwear over my cock, get my cock free and push my underwear down."

Tommy got a surprised look on his face when he exposed Jason's cock. It had a Brazilian exotic hardwood look and color, was darker than his other skin, had bluish veins and knots, while the head was straining purplish with a pinkish pee hole that had a white round drop of pre-cum at the top giving the look of pastry. Tommy was fascinated that it looked good enough to eat, and even he as a straight man thought is was gorgeous.

Jason said, "Go ahead and kiss it. Its okay. Looks nice doesn't it."

Making fish lips, Tommy bent over the tantalizing cock, and came closer and closer trying to figure out if he just wanted to brush his lips against it, or make a round circle with his mouth and take the entire head in, or just give it a dainty kiss. Finally he made a circle with his lips wide enough to just touch the rim of the helmet while he held his tongue inside his mouth just wanting to touch the white drop with the tip of his tongue and tickle the pee hole.

Tommy tasted the slick white drop with the tip of his tongue. It was a treat and a tasty experience feeling it with his tongue. He could just smell the drop in the slightest over the smell of the cock beginning to fog his nostrils like a damp spring fog.

He held the bare cock in one hand while holding a butt cheek with the other. It was his first time holding another mans cock.

Jason said, "I love how you let your lips glide over the head and let your tongue tickle the pisshole. Do me a favor and let your tongue go all around the helmet and around the flange. You can taste the exotic skin below the flange."

As if hypnotized, Tommy let his tongue travel around the flange, and tasted the soft exotic skin below it. He loved the feel of the soft head pushing up through his lips.

Jason said, "I wish I would have known you were so good at it." Jason did not mention that he had body cams streaming everything. "Here, let me take a picture for you as if you were making a selfie. Look at how gorgeous your lips look around this cock head. Push it in a little further and suck hard enough to pull your cheeks in a little dimple. That's it, now slowly pull your lips up stretching your lips with suction pulling off my cock." Jason snapped a number of pictures, but was secretly streaming them to his web site.

"You liked the white drop at the top didn't you? Nod your head yes. It is okay," said Jason.

Tommy nodded.

Infatuated, Tommy kept on. He used the broad side of his tongue to lick and taste all the way up and down the shaft on all sides. Feeling the spongy cum vein he licked all the way down until his tongue was nestled between the balls, and pensively licking the seam of the ball sack all the way down until it disappeared into the exotic perineum skin and then the brown wrinkles around the anal rim, where again the tip of his tongue found soft skin and a secretive opening.

Jason had to creatively change his positions but now guided Tommy's head.

Tommy licked and kissed both firm butt cheeks and savored the taste of the ball sack again while Jason guided him back to the crown of the dick head. Tommy took the head to the back of his throat as if trying to deep throat it, but it was too big.

Suddenly Jason held Tommy's head firmly on both sides with his hair between his fingers in grip. Thrusting his hips, and bouncing Tommy's head up and down, Jason convulsed a huge volley of cum into Tommy's mouth, cum splashing all around on his tongue, teeth, cheeks, roof of his mouth and in his throat. The head of his dick almost went down the throat. He swallowed cum.

In the thrill of the moment, Tommy excitedly grabbed Jason's ass cheeks and pulled his own head down on the cock as well. The feel of the cock head at the entrance of his throat was enticing, slick, and warm.

When the cum shot subsided, Tommy kept the cock in his mouth and savored the taste of cum and dick skin. He caressed Jason's balls, crotch, and ass crack all the way back and forth, and sensually touched the asshole.

As the cock began to soften Tommy was almost able to put the whole thing in his mouth. The head was getting smaller and more flexible and there was still some cum at the back of his throat keeping it slick and moist. Almost ready to pull off the cock he made a swallowing motion in the back of his throat to clear some of the slick sticky cum, and the cock head slipped in! Tommy pushed down some more with his head and made a twisty motion and suddenly the cock went all the way in and he could feel pubic hair on his lips and smell the scent of deodorant soap.

It started getting harder and Jason pumped a few times, but he knew he would not cum again for a little while. "Come on, let's go fill out that form and turn it in. You can show me the one with third row seats tomorrow and we will finish."

Tommy did the driving on the way back. When they got out a cum drip had dried at the corner of his mouth and there was still a wet spot on his shirt from another cum drip. 

When they walked in the office Darling saw them and looked with curiosity. Tommy could feel his face blush. "Oh my god," he thought, "she is looking at the corner of my mouth." He felt a little humiliated. Could she know he just had car sex.

The next day Jason returned to see if the paperwork had gone through, and to take another test ride. Again Jason was streaming to his website with hidden body cams.

Tommy treated his customer with lunch again, this time with fish and chips. They found another public parking area that was somewhat secluded with shade. Jason liked the choice of lunch and they chatted happily. Jason had chosen this vehicle with tinted windows and a roomy back seat area.

When they finished lunch they moved to the back and Tommy began to talk about the back features of the vehicle. He looked at Jason's crotch in anticipation.

But then Jason said, "You are a good looking man, let me see what you got." He motioned for Jason to remove his shirt.

Within minutes Jason took Tommy's shirt and tossed it in the front floor board, and began to remove Tommy's shoes. 

Tommy said with reluctance, "Hey wait!" 

Jason said, "Relax, don't worry."

Jason put the shoes and socks in the front floor board and started unfastening Tommy's pants. 

Tommy put a hand over Jason's as if to stop him.

Jason just pushed the hand aside, unfastened and unzipped the pants and started pulling them down.

His underwear was still on and Tommy thought Jason was going to give him a blow job, but then with a swift motion Jason tugged the underwear down and pulled them off along with the pants. Jason put the pants and underwear in the front floorboard and now Tommy was completely naked in front of Jason who still had clothes on. Through the tinted window Jason could see people walk across the distant corner of the parking lot. He not only felt naked in public, he was naked.

There was a flash and Jason had just taken a picture of his naked crotch and chest. Voluntarily Tommy posed in several positions for Jason. He began to feel like an exhibitionist posing for Jason. 

"Turn over and lay on your stomach," said Jason. "That's it. Show off your butt for me. Tighten and clench the cheeks. Keep your hips flat but turn and show your chest and face, with your butt cheek semi clenched. That is a perfect butt crack."

"Now leave a leg on the seat but put the opposite knee on the floor board and arch your back a little. Perfect."

"Now reach back with that hand and pull your ass cheek apart so your brownie can wink at me. Make it look sexy and tempting. Flirt with me, and tease me using your virgin asshole. Make it look kissable."

Tommy maneuvered into every position Jason wanted. After all this would get him a sale. Jason produced a tube of lube and squirted it down Tommy's crack.

"This might feel weird for a minute," he said to Tommy. He pushed some cooling lube into Tommy's asshole working it in slowly and massaging with his finger.

Tommy had never been fingered before. This was his first time.

Jason produced another lube with anesthetic and muscle relaxer properties. He worked it in with a finger then added another finger and gently expanded the asshole saying repeatedly, "Relax." Jason massaged the prostate gland feeling along the seam and gently pushing on it.

Tommy began to feel comfortable with the fingering, but then felt a knob at his asshole starting to push in. It was a weird feeling, but didn't hurt. There was no pain. He had to stay relaxed.

He felt Jason lean over him and soon felt his weight on that bareback knob which felt like was starting to enter him. He felt his booty give a little and then it felt like the shaft was in him. Jason held steady and caressed his ass, pushing on the cheeks and watching them bounce back. Tommy realized the shaft had pushed almost all the way in and he involuntarily pushed back with his asshole and felt pubic hair on his bottom.

After a few minutes Jason started to pump with slight movement, until gradually he was pumping in and out with his full length, and finally until his stomach was smacking Tommy's ass with a spanking sound. 

The sounds and the feeling was thrilling to Tommy. He had never experienced such a thing.

It really didn't occur to him at the time, but this was his first time anal. He kept telling himself that he was not gay.

Tommy laid in the back naked while Jason drove them back. They came back and Jason handed Tommy's clothes while capturing all this on his streaming body cams and visor Go Pro. Tommy felt a little humiliated having to stay naked until they got back and get dressed in the SUV outside.

Tommy made the sale.

Darling watched in the ensuing days as Tommy made sale after sale to guys who had visited Jason's website.

***

To see my other listings click on Alluring_Crimson_Shifter below and enjoy!

***