 This is the second volume of my first written story. 

Together, we got into the shower. His cock stiffening while I was watching. Back to its enormous proportions. The head was dark purple and dripping with beads of water. It glistened from the light in the window. My own cock was stiff from the sight of his. I dropped to my knees. His cock was bobbling right in front of my face, mere inches away. I flicked the head of his cock with my tongue, teasing him. Then without warning, I pulled his cock into my mouth. Tasting its sweet taste, feeling the head along my tongue, enraging every taste bud. I pulled on his cock like a vacuum cleaner. 

This was my second time at cock sucking, but I did it as I’ve seen done so many times by my best-friends girl friend. (They always had oral sex in front of me and everyone else) I sucked, and pulled on his cock. His balls slapped my chin as I rocked back and forth. He became accustomed to the movements and started to fuck my mouth with the same motion I was giving, so as I went back so did he. Causing me to suck him harder. Every time I went back, his cock would almost fall out of my mouth. The head would come all the way to my lips, and finally push back into my mouth. 

I played with his balls in my hand. Rolling them around, feeling how swelled they were from the cum starting to collect. With the other hand I was feeling his sweet tight ass, how firm it was. Then I’d run my hand up his lower back, and back down again. Finally, I felt his hole with my fingers. It was all puckered again, like it was before I fucked his tight ass. I pushed two fingers in. I could feel his muscles tighten as I did this. It was too much for him. He grabbed two hand fulls of my hair, and jerked my head back and forth. Harder each time. He started to scream, "Ahh, fuck me! I'm going to cum. I want you to drink all of my cum! Ahhhhhhh! I'mmmmmm CUMMINGGGGGG!!!" With that he shot his load in my mouth. Squirt after squirt. He kept going like he couldn't stop. I swallowed as much as I could each time, but with each burst some rolled down my chin. He kept filling up my mouth with his sweet sperm. Finally, his cock stopped spewing its juices. I gave his cock a few more strong sucks to make sure that he didn't have anymore that I could swallow. I pulled his cock out of my mouth, and licked my lips.

"God Kelly, that was wonderful," I told him with a half-muffled voice from the cum coating my throat. "but you know, now it’s my turn." My cock was now stiff enough to drive through a brick wall. The head of my cock, swollen. The purple head was twice its normal size. I spun him around, and licked his already once fucked asshole. I could taste the remainder of my cum that stayed inside his tight hole. I licked his ass up and down. Every once and a while I’d shove my tongue into his hole, causing him to give a slight moan. I stood up and took my stiff cock in hand. I gave it a few jerks, lubing up my cock with my pre-cum that hadn't washed away from the shower water. I pushed the head of my cock onto his tight asshole. 

He looked at me over his shoulder and moaned, "Give it to me! I need you up inside me! I want to feel your hard cock again!"

I did as he asked for. I pushed my cock into his tight hole. I pushed my hard cock all the way in. He moaned in slight pain, still being new to all of this as well as I was. I grabbed him, and pulled him to the floor. I pulled my cock out and rolled him over. I wanted him to face me. I laid on him, and pulled his legs up toward his head, opening his hole to anything I wished to do to it. I replaced my cock onto his opening point, and pushed back in. This time, he was looser. More relaxed for my cock. I started to pump him slowly. I leaned down and kissed him. I pushed my tongue into his mouth, giving him slight tastes of his goodness. He sucked my tongue like I did his cock tasting his ass juices and my cum mixed together.

I started to fuck him harder to the point where our bodies would slap and make a thumping sound. We have a nice steady rhythm going. Thuck, thuck, thuck. Kind of hypnotic to say the least. I pulled away from our kiss, and started to kiss his chest. Sucking his nipples, causing them to become harder, kind of like little rocks. My balls started to swell again. He was squeezing his muscles to cause more sensation in our fucking. Then, I couldn't handle myself any more. I felt the cum start to well up in the back of my hard cock. I moaned with each pump. Then in the next few fucks I started to blow my load in his ass again. Squirt after squirt, I unloaded in his ass. He laid there helpless, pinned under my body and taking all my cum up his tight ass. 

I laid there for a minute, and my cock became limp and fell out. We sat there, unspoken and not moving. The shower water starting to become cold. I looked him in the face and announced what I thought about our little experiences. 

"Kel, look man.. I dunno what came over me man, but this isn't like me, and I’d appreciate it if you never told anyone about this." 

He gave me a devious smile and said, "I'll make you a deal then. I won't tell anyone, if you continue to give me sex when I want it. Whatever I want, when I want it. If we're at school, and I want a blowjob, then we're going to go into the bathroom so you can give me head. Thetas the deal, take it or leave it."

"Well man, I have a better one" I said trying to think of a better one before I announced it, "how about...if you want head during school you wait until after and I’ll do it twice. Cause I don't want to be caught giving you head. Especially in the bathrooms at school. You know that we'd be labeled, and everyone would think we're a gay couple." He nodded and I gave him a last kiss.

I give him head just about everyday now. I don't mind too much, in fact I rather enjoy sucking his cock. He keeps telling me about that one day, and how he'd return the fuck...I mean favor if I ever wanted it. For now though, I’m just fine with giving head only.