 This is my account of my first sexual encounter. I was very fully developed with a pedigree at all types of sports and games. I was generally regarded as the local sports hero and I just lived for my next sporting event. I had been through the wet dreams and other nightly emission sequences which were unexpected but had been exciting, and I was dealing with this new and exciting side to my life in the usual way of playing around with myself and seeing the cum shoot out of me like a rocket. During the change period from winter to summer sports I had a couple of weekends with not a great deal to do except train and I did this in the mornings so it left the rest of the day just studying or lying around. My mother was getting a bit sick of seeing me moping around so suggested that I go and visit a friend who lived a couple of streets away from me.

I knew Howard fairly well as we caught the same bus to college but he was at one college and I was at another about one mile away, he was also older than me by about eighteen months. Apparently his mother had been complaining to my mother about the fact that Howard was always on his own and did not have any close friends to play sports and games with (if she only knew how he played with me after this first day she wouldn’t have been so enthusiastic). The result was that‚I was to go to his house and keep him company while his mother and father were away for the afternoon and early evening due to his father having to attend a his works social function.

I went up to his house and was welcomed by Howard and taken to his room. . We did the usual male bonding things for a bit and played some board games etc. Then ‚Howard turned the subject around to sex and asked had I ever had an erection and did I wank myself off. I had never heard the word wank so did not understand what he was asking me about‚ he then explained about how your prick got stiff and what he then did to it. I then understood what he was going on about and said  I had done that a few times. He wanted to know if I shot off as he called it and had I had anything else happen to me. I told him about my wet dreams and how I had awoken in the mornings with the hair on my stomach matted with cum. I then told him I had wanked quite a few times. 

This really excited him and he asked me if it happened often. I told him it had only happened once or twice a week, so he then suggested we should have a look at each other‘s pricks and perhaps we could show each other how we played with ourselves. I was not embarrassed about showing what I had as I was always in the showers and was permanently naked in showers and changing rooms, but ‚ I did say ‚ I didn‘t know about playing with each other. He said we would just play with ourselves and he would teach me what to do if he could see I was doing anything to myself that was the wrong way to give myself the most pleasure.

I said OK and, as we only had sports shorts and Tee shirts on, it did not take long to whip off our shorts. He said as he was pulling his shorts off that he was already had a hard on and so it proved as they came down. I was quite shocked as he was only about 5 inches long (I was about seven inches), but he was really thick and his prick was not round but a perfect oval shape and it was well over 2 inches plus across the width. It looked as if it had been flattened by something but it was as hard as a rock and he started to stroke it slowly. He told me to do the same with mine so‚ I made a start at getting my prick erect.

He immediately spotted his chance to touch me, as he said I was not doing it right and I had not pulled the foreskin right back.

He showed me how to do it by pulling his own foreskin right back, he then caught hold of my prick and pulled the skin right back.  As soon as he had my prick in his hand he then started to pay me compliments about how long I was and it would be the ideal shape for breaking in all the virgin girls we could find. He suggested we could work as a pair, I would open them up deep and he could stretch them wide with his very wide prick. All the time he was telling me about what we could do to all these girls he was slowly stroking my cock, I was hard as a rock, my imagination running riot, and getting very excited. 

He could see my excitement and started to tell me how he had been taught to do all sorts of things by his friend John. John was a guy who had gone to sea as a midshipman at seventeen and only occasionally came home after six-month tours of duty. I didn’t know all that was implied by that tale at that time. To be fair I don’t think he knew a hell of a lot more, but he had been used and abused by John and now he was going to do the same to me, as he was totally into male sex. He described how John had both wanked and sucked him off. I asked him what he meant by being sucked off and he said John had taken Howard’s prick into his mouth and sucked and sucked it like you would a lollipop until Howard had shot all his spunk into John’s mouth. He then said that John had then told him to lie on his side and pull his knees up to his shoulders. Howard then said to me he would show me what happened next, if I would get into the same position that he had described 

I was not too happy about this sudden change of tactic but I now had a raging hard on that would not go away.  As he promised to suck me off after he had shown me what John did to him, I agreed to let him show me, as the thought of someone sucking me off was really quite a turn on. I lay on my side and pulled my knees up to my shoulders positioning myself as he had described. He got behind me also lying on his side mirroring my position, he then started to rub his cock along the crease of my arse.  I asked him what he was doing rubbing his prick along my arse as it wasn’t doing anything for me and I thought he was pissing on my arse as it had started to get wet. 

He said it was his precum and I should just stay where I was. He then stopped rubbing his cock up and down my crack and started to push the tip of his cock against the hole of my arse. That started to hurt me and‚ told him to stop doing that to me. He only said just keep very still now and I could feel him tense as he shoved as hard as he could against the sphincter muscle of my ring piece.  The pressure on the rim af my arse was terrible and I just let out a yell, as I did so he thrust again and the head of his cock wedged itself up my arse. The head of his prick was now firmly wedged in my arse, the pain was unbelievable and I shouted at him to take it out. My muscles were reacting and my body started to shake involuntarily. The whole of my rectal area was in unbelievable pain, the muscles were contracting and it felt as though someone was shoving a rough, massive piece of wood up my arse. 

Instead of pulling out he shoved it in a bit further, I think he must have got his prick half way into my arse so‚ I had at least three inches up me. I could not take the pain any more and I started to twist myself off his prick, he was yelling at me to stay still as I would hurt him, but I could no longer keep this thing inside me. The pain was too great to bear and with one huge turn ‚ I twisted myself off his prick. I heard the loudest plop you could imagine as my arse got clear of his prick, and then he started moaning in pain. I had bent his rock hard prick whilst freeing myself from him. He rolled about in agony for a while and I started to feel guilty about what I had done to him. He started to ease down out of his pain and I said I was sorry, but I couldn’t take that sort of pain.

 To my surprise he said it was his entire fault and I could do it to him instead. He explained that‚I had not been wet enough and, as I didn’t like it up me I could have my chance at him. I should have said no but, I had got myself into a frame of mind that said my prick would go in anything as long as it got some satisfaction and, as I saw it, the chance to give him the same pain he had given me. I agreed to do it to him, I told him I had never done it before but if he would get into the same position‚ I would try to do it to him. He then took me completely by surprise as he explained that what he had not done for me was to wet himself up enough. He then told me to lie on my back and he took my prick in his mouth, giving me my first blow-job. I got really wet as he dribbled all over my prick and my precum started to flow. He then said I was ready to fuck his arse and he put himself in the same position he had made me adopt. He then told me to shove it up his arse slowly but firmly. 

I started to do just that but I experienced how it felt to enter the hole as very tight muscle prevented easy entry but I shoved very hard and pushed through very firmly. Once I had got the head of my prick through the muscle it went in very easily and‚ I very quickly had my full slender seven inches in him right up to the hilt. I was surprised that I had got it in so easily after all the pain I had received, but once it was in I went at him like a rabbit. At my level of experience I had no idea about holding back or self-control so within a minute‚ I had shot my load into his arse. It was the most exciting thing I had ever done, my mind seemed to explode, my prick kept pumping and throbbing, and he kept squeezing his muscles and his arse cheeks so that he milked my cock of all my cum.

 After I had finished and had lain back from him he told me that I was a natural and that I could be very good. He told me he was used to taking a bigger prick than mine and that was why it went in so easy for me. He told me that John had fucked him many times and he was at least nine inches long and very thick. He told me tales about how John had taken him and how he had taken John. As he was telling me the tales he kept giving me a good gentle stroking with his hand for quite a few minutes. When I again started to react to the heady thoughts of sex and the slow stroking of my prick he went back down on me, getting me half hard very quickly.  I was now grateful to him and starting to get turned on again so he started to press the right buttons about the fact that now I had done it to him perhaps I should learn how to do a blowjob for him. How could I refuse? He had let me do what I wanted to him so I felt that somehow I should return the compliment  and give him a blowjob. 

So down I went, not really knowing what to do but trying to imitate what he had done to me. He told me how to roll my tongue around the head of his prick and use the tip under the head of the prick and across the glans. This seemed to do the trick and he got even harder and started to thrust his fat prick down my throat. I was starting to enjoy this and was gaining confidence. I felt in control and started to suck and wank him, but he was the one who knew what he was about.  As his prick became wetter with his precum and my saliva he started adjusting our positions. He told me to lie on my back so that he could kneel above me and push his prick down my throat easier. We moved and he showed me how much easier it was for him to get down my throat. I was having trouble stretching my mouth around his wide prick, but he wasn’t too long so I wasn’t really gagging on it. 

He then wanted me to raise my butt so that he could also suck me. To do this he stuffed some pillows under my lower back and then got into the sixty-nine position. He then started to give me the same blow-job as I was giving him. As I started to enjoy this new sensation he took his prick out of my mouth and rotated his body so that he was between my legs at the same time keeping my prick in his mouth and still giving me a blow-job. He then took his mouth away and said to me his prick was now soaking wet and he had dribbled his saliva down my balls and around my arse. He inserted one finger into my arse to show how wet I was down there, and declared he was going to fuck me. 

I begged him not to as it had hurt so much before, but I was now totally exposed to him. My butt was in the air and he was between my legs, his arms holding my legs up in the air. He started to shove in, and once again there was intense pressure on my sphincter muscle as his thick prick strained to get into my now very wet arse. The muscle gave way and he started to make slow progress into my very sore hole. I could feel the walls of my arse slowly opening as he pushed his way further into me and the muscle was giving way and then wrapping itself back around his invading prick. 

He had learned from the first time he had tried to fuck me, and he now paused once he had got in about the same distance as he had done the first time. He eased out about half an inch and then he pushed in about threequarters of an inch. He kept doing the half-inch out three-quarters in routine until I started to feel a pressure that was also making the end of my prick start to twitch. He had worked his way up to my prostate and I was starting to feel the excitiment of the male G spot. So I was still feeling the pain but at the same time my erection was starting to come back and my prick was getting hard. He saw the growing prick and knew I was getting excited so he buried himself up to the hilt in my arse. He then proceeded to slowly ease his way in and out until he had put so much precum in me that he was sliding in easily. 

I was now well into this action and my prick was again as hard as a rock. The constant rubbing of my prostate was exciting me to such an extent that the head of my prick was constantly twitching. I could feel myself getting slowly toward a climax. Howard could not keep it going as I was still very tight and he had done really well to last as long as he did. With three quick thrusts, which both took my breath away and seemed to push him even deeper into me he started to come deep inside my arse. I could feel his prick expand inside me as shot after shot of his spunk flew deep into my body. My muscles reacted to his expansion by contracting around his prick without me making any effort, and not even understanding what my body was doing. I was effectively milking him of all his cum. His last shot made him quiver as he slowly withdrew from my engorged hole, and as he withdrew I shot a load of cum all over my stomach.

We rested up after the deflowering of my virgin hole, I had been well and truly fucked and Howard told me to poke my fingers around my arse to see how wide I had become. I could not believe the size of my hole, I could get three fingers in with no effort. He then said to me there was one more thing I had to do before we finished our session. I asked him what more I had to do, he had got everything he could get from me. He said I had only partly sucked him off before he had fucked my arse, he wanted me to fully suck him off and swallow his spunk, and then I would be truly broken in as he had been by John. As I had quite enjoyed the oral sex bit I agreed to do so after we had cleaned up and had a rest. 

After cleaning up I went straight down on him and started to give him as good a blow-job as I could. As I had him on his back and I had been working on him for some time my mouth started to ache so I slowly inserted two fingers up into his hole and started to slowly push them in and out whilst I kept on blowing him. He really went wild and jammed his throbbing prick down the back of my throat. I kept the finger pressure up with one hand whilst I used the other to slowly wank the base of his prick. I could feel the glans around his prick start to pulse as he got ready to shoot his load. He thrust himself deeper into my mouth and suddenly he was shooting his spunk down my throat. I couldn’t swallow all of it and it started to choke me as I wasn’t used to it, it started to dribble out of my lips and down my face, but I did my best to hold down all I could.

Howard said he was very pleased that I had done all he wanted me to do and that I could do anything I wanted, as I was so good. He said he would tell John all about what had happened and how good I was. This was a wrong move on both our parts and it led us into more depravity and pain that we could ever imagine----- but that is another story.

Yorie