 I am happily married with a wife and two children, Ted who is three years old, and Susie who is four years older at the age of seven. My wife is 2 years older than me, at age 31 while I am a 29 year old man. I'm in nice shape with an impressive set of abs and a six pack from my many gym visits a week. I'm 6 foot 3 with short dark brown hair that made the ladies stare back in my college days. I like to shave a lot and keep a clear face and body to show off, since there is no point in having an impressive body if no one can see it because of all the hair. I also keep myself shaved well because my perfectly shaved hairs around my penis drives my wife wild. I pay attention to these things, how I appear to women, even though none of this really mattered back in my college days, when the ladies were really going crazy about me. Who knows, I might stop caring how I look to the ladies, again, at 29, years later. Here's why.

So it's the weekend in July of 2015, a Saturday, a perfect day here in Los Angeles, California. No accountant work like weekdays, so its time to enjoy my days off from work. No more "Edward the Accountant Guy", just Edward. I decide to take the car out for a spin, maybe take a walk out on the boulevard or the Walk of Fame. I peck my wife Margaret on the cheek before heading out. So as I'm sitting in the car, I notice an incoming email. I pick my phone out of the pocket of my jeans. Daniel Redding is who it's coming from. The name is familiar. The name I had managed to forget after so many years. My college buddy, Daniel. Daniel and me had once gotten too close a couple times. Those times I wanted to put behind me, but here he is sending me an email. I've kept this email for I don't know how long, since college obviously, and Daniel still remembers it. Should've changed it. Why does this guy want to come back into my life now? Why couldn't he choose a different time to jump in, other than when I've cleaned myself up and made myself a better person with a family? His email was what I expected, a casual how has life been, blah blah blah, you know the crap. I was debating whether or not to respond. I did. Told him about my wife and kids. My job. Maybe he'll back off. 

Within two minutes he had fired back. Maybe he didn't understand what my last message meant. I didn't need him in my business, fucking things up. The dude asked if I could meet up with him at a park. He wants to see me now. Damn you Daniel. I couldn't resist but go see my old friend that I hadn't seen in almost a decade. So I started up the vehicle and started my journey to the park, and my journey with Daniel.

I looked around once I got there, searching for a scrawny blonde haired dude with glasses. I only saw some fine guy with a couple muscles here and there, tight jeans, a tight white t-shirt, and a very obvious boner. He reminded me of Daniel, just the total opposite. He was a beautiful guy. Wait, what? What am I thinking. I'm a married man, why am I admiring this guy with a beautiful penis?! Darn, I did it again. I need to turn around and head back home, this was just a waste of time. Suddenly, a manly voice called out my name.

"Edward," the voice boomed, and I turned around to see that the man I was just looking at was who it came from. I couldn't believe my eyes. This was the scrawny freckled Daniel I had known back in college? No glasses? Just pure hunky man? I blinked a couple times. Then I realized. He had been watching me the whole time. That was what was causing his obvious trapped boner, straining to pop out of those tight jeans that made it appear tempting. I think a string of drool escaped my slightly open mouth. I couldn't tell and I didn't care. Daniel was beautiful. 

"Whoa, Danny boy," I said, the words escaping my mouth before I could think. He stood up from the park bench he was sitting on to approach me. I noticed he was about my height, just slightly shorter. His blonde hair was short, in the same style as mine. His blue eyes stood out now, no longer in glasses. 

"Look at you man," he said, a smile stretching across his face. "You have one lucky wife." I snapped back into the real world as soon as he mentioned my wife. I forgot all about her while I was standing here admiring my old college friend. I immediately felt guilty. I blushed. Daniel was doing it again. I was falling for him, just a tiny bit. He even managed to do it in college, even though he wasn't the most attractive guy out there, he still got me turned on, just by being himself. Daniel is gay, he's a master at doing these things. This dirty bastard is tempting me, knowing I have a wife and kids to love and care for, not another man. That would be terribly wrong.

He looked into my eyes, I immediately directed my glance towards a nearby tree, anything other than looking back into his eyes. He didn't take no for an answer, so he made a move on me, something I wasn't expecting from him. He put his hand around my wrist, pulled me in closer to him. Everything in me told me to back away, to push him away from me, to make a mad dash for the car and go home. To tell my wife I love her more than anything in the world, to tell her a crazy gay man was trying to seduce me in the park. But for some reason, my feet stayed planted. I didn't move a muscle. It was like a force holding me back. Daniel took this as a good sign, and moved in closer to me. His face incredibly close to mine, I smelled his breath. It smelled like sweet mints. It was pleasant. Then he took his chances, and planted his lips on mine. Like whoa, we just met up, and he was kissing me. It was soft though, not like a pressure kiss, not taking command and making me kiss him back. 

He didn't have to. My lips all of a sudden had minds of their own, and I let myself flow into the kiss. We stood there kissing, passionately. He moved his hands around me, and I did the same. I broke our kiss. I wasn't ready to stop our time together though. Then it hit me. I suddenly knew why I didn't ignore him from the beginning, why I didn't consider what my wife and children would think about this. Because I was truly gay at heart. I loved men. Especially men like Daniel, and I was sure there was no other man like him. He was one of a kind. It was a once and a lifetime chance that a guy like him would come around once, and still have hope for me after I totally dropped him from my social circle after college, and come around again. He brought the true gay man out of me, I couldn't deny it. I couldn't hide my true self forever, locked up and trapped inside of me, pretending for all these years to be straight. Now was the time. 

I took his hand and slowly led him to my car. He settled in the passenger seat next to me, I asked him for the directions to his house. Daniel knew I was serious, so he provided them. In a matter of time we were in his bedroom, kissing passionately on his bed. Slowly, I lifted his shirt off, careful to not break our kiss. I exposed his beautiful, slightly hairy chest. He did the same with me, showing my fit and shaved chest. We explored each other's mouths a little more, after not doing this for so long, since we were young college boys. Then he slowly moved down, stopping to suck and kiss and lick my neck. A tiny groan of pleasure escaped my lips. My world had just been turned upside down by this beautiful man, who was now sucking on my neck. I can't believe I ever tried to forget him. This was really what I wanted. He slid his tongue skillfully down my chest, until he began to nibble on my left nipple. Boy it felt great. As his body bent lower and lower down as he played with my nipples, one with his mouth one with his hand, I slid my hand down his back, into his pants. I squeezed his tight, muscular ass. He was now licking my stomach, closer to where I really wanted him to be. Faster than the speed of light, I unzipped my jeans and shoved them down, my jeans dragging my boxers along with them. My seven inch cock bounced out, semi hard from what Daniel was doing to me. It appeared as if his mouth began to water.

He wanted it as much as I did, probably more than I did. Without hesitation I pushed him down onto my cock. He didn't need more instructions than I had just silently given him. I let go of his head and pulled down his tight jeans and speedo. As he moved up and down my shaft, he gave me a hand job at the same time, while also jerking himself off. His dick had grown a couple inches from the last time I had seen it, about the same size as mine. I stuck two fingers in my mouth, pulled out, and shoved them into his asshole without warning. This caused him to shove even more of my cock in his mouth. I could feel my tip at the back of his throat. I moaned at the excellent job he was doing. A born cock sucker. He massaged my balls, at the same time he licked the tip of my penis, which was oozing precum. I continued to finger his asshole, he continued to jerk himself

Finally, after a while, I shot my load. He closed his lips around my cock as my sticky cum shot to the back of his throat. He caught every last bit of it in his mouth, then came up to kiss me, while jerking himself and my limp dick. He opened his mouth, and we traded my sweet and salty cum back and forth. I swallowed some and he swallowed some so we could really kiss. 

I went like a starving animal on him. I sucked at his neck like crazy, moving down much quicker than he did. I was soon licking and sucking and biting his soft and sensitive nipples, making him scream in pleasure, but a little bit of pain as well. Soon, I was face to face with his beautiful cock. Slim, but not small. Trimmed perfectly all the time way around, just like mine. The exact same size as my penis as well. I started on him. I swirled my tongue around the tip, just to tease him a little. Then I moved farther and farther down, swallowing more of him. I got all my saliva on his dick, just to have it wet and easier to work with. It was only a matter of time before I felt his tip at the back of my throat, making me gag a little. I squeezed his balls. Then I tickled them playfully with my fingertips. Finally I gave him my master ball massage. He absolutely loved it back in college. He groaned. I continued this, then added a little hand job with my free hand. He groaned sexily. My penis was getting plump again, even though I wasn't jerking myself, but from giving Daniel all the action. He cummed a lot quicker than I did. I moved up to the tip, opened my mouth wide, and caught it all. A few drips slid down my chin. I swallowed as much as I could, leaving the rest on my face to dry up. As I came up, he licked my face, tasting his cum. 

I ordered him to get on all fours. Daniel obeyed. I stuck my tongue into his open asshole. He let out a small scream. I continued. Now that he was all wet, I got onto the bed behind him, on my knees. I pulled up my plump dick, and slowly pushed in the head. I could tell he was scared, he probably had not done this in a while. Then I slowly pushed in the rest of my cock, pausing here and there to allow Daniel to catch his breath. Finally there was no more space between his asshole and my body. I knew how he liked to be fucked. He may like you to go in slow, but after that, he's ready to go fast. I pulled out quickly until there was nothing inside left except for the head. Then I pounded back into him with speed and force. I kept doing the same thing, while Daniel screamed and moaned with pleasure and pain, thrusting his hips against my pounding, struggling to keep up with the pace I was fucking him at. My balls slapped his ass as I went in and out, pounding his poor asshole. My knees buckled at one point, and I collapsed onto his back as I shot my load into him. I could tell he absolutely loved it, but I loved it way more than he did. Gay sex was the best thing ever, and Daniel was my slave again, just like he was back in college. The dirty secret I had been hiding from everyone. But I was gay again, and it was the best thing ever. I pulled out of Daniel and we shared one last long, lingering, passionate kiss before we got back into our clothes.

I left his house, with his number in my pocket, getting back into my car. I left with guilt. I had betrayed my wife, cheated, had an affair, but with a man. I let down my kids. They no longer had a father to be proud of as they grew up. But it sure did feel good to let the truth come out, and my true self to finally be satisfied.