 SEDLEY, SCHOOLMASTER

"Who's that fellow in the picture" Submissive Stuart's Master Fenton asked him one day while 

Stu was licking Fenton's boots in his office. Stuart looked up and noticed Fenton looking at the old painting of Stu's bewigged ancestor.

"Oh, that's my great-great-great-great maternal grandfather, Sedley Codrington, Master Fenton.

I don't know much about him except that he was a Revolutionary War hero, and later the first governor of this state...oh, and in his early years, he was a log cabin schoolmaster."

Fenton grinned. "I wonder if Governor Sedley Codrington was as much of a submissive wussie as you are, Stuart?" 

Stuart blushed hotly. "I think not, he was reputed to have tremendous character." WHACK! Fenton's scourge lashed Stu's back.

Stuart burst into tears. Fenton snapped his fingers and pointed to his boots.

As Stu bent over to return his attention to Fenton's Doc Martens Fenton smiled to himself. "Well, we'll never know anything about the guy...but I wonder?"

FEBRUARY, 12, 1760 6:45 a.m.

Sedley gritted his teeth. The fox-traps metal jaws still clutched Sed's penis and balls with a deadly vigor.

Father had put down a thin bed of hay for Sedley to stand on while his arms were tethered to the rafters of the woodshed , but his feet were freezing, as the weather was bitterly cold. 

Snow had been dropping onto Sedley's naked shoulders through holes in the shed roof all morning.

Suddenly there was a bang on the door, and the adolescent looked up as his father stalked in, holding the birch, actually five untrimmed hazel branches bound together at the handle end.

Sedley looked up in terror as Josiah Codrington, a red bearded fury of 220 pounds, took his son's measure. "Hast thou past thy night comfortably?" Josiah said sarcastically. 

"Has thy filthy organ tempted thou to massage it this past eve, Not likely, I gather." 

Sedley looked at the ground sullenly. He had spent the entire night locked in the shed, tied to rafters with a vicious steel trap on his genitals, as a punishment for masturbation, but did he really need his father's sarcastic words?

Josiah quoted the verse that Sedley knew so well "And Onan knew that the seed should not be his; and it came to pass, when he went in unto his brother's wife, that he spilled it on the ground, lest that he should give seed to his brother."

And then Josiah said, looking at Stuart closely. 

"If thy right hand causes you to sin, cut it off and throw it away. It is better for you to lose one part of thy body, than for your whole body to go into Hell" This from the book of Matthew, Sedley."

Sedley was quite subdued as Josiah removed the fox-trap from his genitals.

That might be worse...punishing his cock was one thing, but the idea that his father might cut off his right hand so there was no more masturbation?"

Josiah, reading Sedley's thoughts said with a wry smile. "Fortunately, thy right hand is needed in the spring planting and then the plowing, as well as for thy chores."

Then Josiah turned serious again, looking at his son with contempt.

Sedley's hands were still bound up in the rafters, and Sed suspected there was business coming from the birch. He was not wrong.

Josiah's eyes darkened. "Thou hast been looking upon the Goodwin daughters our neighbors, perhaps, and touching thyself?"

Josiah lifted the birch WHACK! Across Sed's milky white thigh crashed the tied branches.

"From the book of John!" thundered Josiah. "For all that is in the world, the lust of the flesh, and the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life, is not of the Father, but is of the world." The birch fell five more times.

Sed winced and wondered what his father would think if he knew that it was Auberon Goodwin, the stalwart young SON, that Sedley's fantasies were surrounded with. Father would probably hang Sedley...

Thinking of Auberon's strong, muscular body, and the way Aubrie had bullied Sedley, for he was not a kind youth, made Sed's penis rise up, and Josiah did not miss this.

WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! The birch hit Sedley's penis harshly, again and again, and writhing from the rafters, the teenager screamed bloody murder.

At the main house, Sedley's mother raised her eyes to heaven over the breakfast table, and his younger brothers and sisters smirked, knowing the reason for this chastisement.

"FROM THE BOOK OF JAMES!" roared Josiah. WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! Sedley could barely hear his father's quotes, as his penis was now bleeding from the tip of the glans. 

Sedley cursed the day he'd been born a male...his father couldn't tell if he was aroused if he were a girl!

"But every man is tempted, when he is drawn away of his own lust and enticed, then when WHACK lust WHACK hath conceived, WHACK it bringeth forth sin and sin when it is finished WHACK! bringeth forth death!"

As Sedley squirmed, tied as he was to the woodshed rafters, he realized it would be a long morning.

FEBRUARY 12, 8:45 a.m.

Sedley, finally dressed, and carrying his books, tramped to school in the snow drifts, munching a bit of bread that his mother had slipped him.

Sedley's brothers and sisters had run on ahead, probably to tell the other children of his shame.

Suddenly Auberon Goodwin jumped out from behind a tree, and following his example were his friends Aaron Hopkins and Harold Blankenship.

"Ho, there, sissy!" Aubrey laughed as he saw Sedley's flushed face. His sharp eyes noted a slight pushing on Sedley's trousers. "Off to school, are you? I don't go anymore...I'm a big boy now..."

Sedley breathed calmly. "Will you let me pass, Goodwin?" Auberon's beautiful grey-green eyes danced as he looked upon the younger boy, and his friends snickered.

"Or are you going to knock me about and snowball me as you did last week!" Sedley tried to keep the edge out of his voice, but it was difficult.

"Oh, no..." Aubrey smiled at Stuart, showing his teeth. "We just talked to Cecil Redfern, and he told us about your adventures in his uncle's haystack last summer..."

Blankenship chortled. "And your activities behind the tavern on Thursday nights are common knowledge to the young laborers...Sedley suck, you're called.

"And Hoppy says you are also quite the servicer to fellows at the swimming hole when you sneak away from your father's chores." Hopkins nodded his greasy head enthusiastically.

"So we feel we have some correcting to do! Sodomite!" Aubrey screamed it out so the entire countryside could hear it!

The next few moments were a nightmare. Goodwin, Blankenship and Hopkins advanced upon Sedley, and ripped off his garments, there in the blistering cold. 

Between this and the woodshed last night, and it would be a miracle Sedley thought, as Blankenship and Hopkins forced Sedley over a rock, that he did not contracted pneumonia.

Aubrey's casual laughter roared in the wind. "We must do this thing quickly, for old Eben's woodcart will be passing here soon. And then, for Sedley, the nightmare became a paradise!

As Blankenship held Sedley's head, Auberon Goodwin unbuttoned his own breeches and a long, hard penis came out, and moved into Sedley's mouth.

Certainly, at the back end, Hopkins, who was an ugly, pimpled youth, was corn-holing Sedley's buttocks with great energy, but to have Aubrey's glorious erection in Sedley's mouth was something like he'd never experienced!

Sedley had had much practice in that which his fellows had accused him of, and quickly fellated Auberon to a juicy orgasm, and willingly took the other boys penises in his mouth as well, licking his own fecal matter off Hopkins's dick.

Just before Auberon threw Sedley his clothes and ran off, he whispered 

"Come to my stable this midnight, for your services may still be required. While the other boys were not looking, Auberon kissed Sedley resoundingly on the mouth.

FEBRUARY 12, 9:30 a.m.

Septimus Pilge was a fat man...obese, and certainly unbathed. "When thou art not swilling spirits, thou art feeding your face, and when you are not eating you seem to be talking." 

After his agnostic father had made these observations, he'd offered to pay his son's way to be an ordained minister.

Then, after Pilge had been expelled from Cambridge Divinity School after being compromised with a fellow seminarian, he'd escaped censure and several pregnant girlfriends by signing for passage to the New World as an indentured servant.

Horrified at the anticipation of his impending participation in agrarian enterprises, the young idealist dove in the sea just as the ship floated into the Carolinas, but was fished out in time to meet his host.

To Pilge's relief, his indenturer took one look at the pallid corpulent young drunkard, tore up the indenturement papers, and walked off in disgust.

Now Pilge surfaced several colonies later in that other great occupation where one runs at the mouth instead of lifting at the back...that of a village schoolmaster.

It had its moments of pleasure, but often they seemed fleeting.

Pilge had just thrashed Mary Calhoun's buttocks, her bloomers pulled down for all the snickering class to see...for making an error in her hornbook spelling lesson.

Certainly Pilge had enjoyed this, and was still smirking as he watched her sob at her place, the tears drowning the marks she made on her slate, as poor Mary re-did the hornbook lesson. 

Pilge took a surreptitious swig from a small bottle as he turned to the blackboard.

Young Felgate's Latin construe was awful, but he was too ugly to make Pilge interested in punishing him.

Rich Lundell Pherries had slipped Pilge a shilling to ignore his abysmal work, and spare him the rod...and Pilge needed those shillings to pay his extensive ale tab at Juddy's Tavern.

Perhaps he could assign a study hour and enjoy a perusal of his French postcards in the outhouse...no, perhaps the angelic pupil Pilge still hoped to correct might come today.

But alas! The morning was long...and Pilge's favorite pupil was not here yet, though his siblings had trickled in at the right time...where was Pilge's beautiful boy? 

Pilge had been itching to give the handsome Sedley Codrington some correction.

Pilge could imagine the beautiful buttocks as he'd seen the boy prance in and out of his schoolhouse, but unfortunately, young Codrington was an excellent student and gave scant reason for punishment. 

Would Pilge be once again content only to masturbate and dream of the lad in the schoolyard outhouse?

Pilge pouted...it wasn't fair. Perhaps the Emerson boy would make an error...his buttocks were plump, but serviceable...

But the school door opened, and in came a somewhat disheveled Sedley Codrington.

Tardiness! Of course! Pilge smiled. 

"So, Sedley Codrington...we are so grateful that thou graced us with thy presence this morn." Pilge nodded at the clock. "We start our lessons at nine o' clock, where has thou been?"

The beautiful lad approached the front of the room, his long lashes demure. "I am so sorry, Master Pilge, I was assaulted along the road, and snowballed—"

Probably by that troublesome Goodwin boy and his gang, Pilge thought. But Pilge's penis began swelling under his tremendous bulk.

"A likely story! Thou were perhaps idling along a bit. Proverbs 12:24 says "24The hand of the diligent shall bear rule: but the slothful shall be under tribute."

The young man looked steadily at Pilge. "Yes, my father quotes this to me often, Sir. I made haste to be here and I am at the top of the class in my studies—"

Pilge laughed harshly, his penis now almost bursting. 

"So thou expects special treatment because of thy studies? Did thou study last night? Can thou construe the Latin lesson in Virgilius Maurus that I assigned last night?" 

Pilge knew that Sedley hadn't studied the translation at all...as Pilge had masturbated for much of the previous evening, staring through a knot hole in the woodshed at the bound youth. 

Pilge had darted off just after enjoying Josiah's whipping of Sedley's penis, and was still a bit stiff...but he would take it out of the boy.

"No sir." Sedley said, flushing. "I was unable to—" 

"Ah, the genius does not need to study!" Pilge laughed, and the class laughed with him. Pilge looked longingly at his rattan cane on the desk. Oh yes...it's almost time for us to unite as we did on Mary Calhoun's bum!

"So how is your arithmetic, Codrington..if thou are so smart?" Pilge grinned, his yellow teeth an un-stunning match for his jaundiced triple chins.

"Can thou—without the slate, divide 582 by 12? If thou hast no need for study—" "No, sir, I can do it." Sedley said hesitatingly. 

Pilge smiled nastily.

"But I must punish thou for thy lateness. Take down thy breeches and bend over the desk. If thy can do this problem whilst I correct thee, I shall not punish you for your failure to study your Latin."

The old pervert was in his glory as he continued:

"Should thou make an error, I will keep thee in after school for two weeks, which would anger thy father, methinks. Agreed?" Pilge knew that Sedley would do anything to not incur his father's wrath.

"Agreed, Master Pilge—I-I am to do mental arithmetic while being flogged." The boy's acceptance seemed dull.

Pilge smiled, his golden teeth shining in the wintry morning. "Yes indeed." 

The fat schoolmaster pointed at Sedley's crotch. "Breeches down, please."

Sedley was horrified. "Breeches—down? In front of the school?" 

Pilge tried hard to keep from laughing. Oh, how he would pull his penis over this later. "Now, or I keep thou in until five o'clock for the rest of the term."

Pilge noted Sedley's face turning bright red. Several of the older girls were laughing with contempt, and the boy shamefacedly undid his breeches and under things and dropped them to his knees. 

Sedley's penis was erect, and the class roared. Pilge pointed to the table, and Sedley bent across it. Pilge's penis bounced again as he noticed that the boy was weeping.

Pilge lifted his beloved rattan cane, but not before taking another swig of currant wine. "Now sir. Five hundred and eighty-two by twelve. Commence!"

Sedley bit his lip. "12 times 20 is two hundred and forty" WHACK! Pilge's rattan cane resounded across the curving buttocks, leaving a long red welt. Sedley gritted his teeth, and Pilge could see him trying to concentrate.

"And 582 minus 240 is three hundred and forty two." As Sedley finished that sentence, Pilge's cane hit the tender spot just beneath the boy's buttocks and above his thighs. Sedley screamed. 

"Get to thy mathematics!" roared Pilge as he slashed the boy's buttocks three more times with one hand, while massaging his private parts through his pocket with the other.

Sedley's voice came up. 

"P-put two hun-hundred and forty (WHACK!) into three hundred forty-two again, and WHACK WHACK WHACK it leaves one hundred and two WHACK WHACK WHACK and five times twelve WHACK is sixty WHACK and—p-please stop, Master PILGE—"

Pilge stopped for a moment to survey the boy's now quite battered rear end, covered in weals, welts and scars, and Sedley finished the math quickly.

"102 minus 60 is 42, and 3 times twelve is thirty-six...remainder of six...so 20 plus 20 plus five plus 3 is 48 with a remainder of six, sir."

Pilge's Uncle Algernon had once refused his hopeful nephew employment in the family general store after finding the young PILGE "too stupid to make change from a sixpence" and so Pilge decided to give Sedley the benefit of the doubt...

"Fine, thou has escaped thy detention...but for the rest of the day, thou whilst stand naked in the corner, wearing the pointed Dunce cap!" 

It was quite a bad day for Sedley Codrington!

OCTOBER 27, 1767

"Miles! Just a moment please!" Miles Wallace looked around, annoyed as the new master, Mr. Codrington was beckoning to him. Jonas, Miles's brother shook his head.

"What on earth is he bothering you for? Class is dismissed...but he's been staring at you for a week, Miles. Hurry up, after we do chores we can meet up at Abner Doubleday's farm, he has a new ball game he wanted to show us." 

Miles snorted. "Anything that Doubleday comes up with is probably not going to last. I think I'd better talk to Mr. Codrington...he may be upset about the spitball fight we had this morning."

Jonas shook his tawny head as he walked out. Miles knew Jonas had a filthy mind and was quite more cynical than his older brother. 

True, Jonas had spotted Codrington watching Miles and the other boys swimming nude in the river several times the month before.

Also true, Jonas was always nudging Miles to point out how the young teacher stared at him in class...but Jonas had a suspicious nature.

Miles walked up to the smiling young teacher after the rest of the class left. 

Miles rather liked Mr. Codrington; he was such an improvement on old Pilge, who had been dismissed from schoolteaching the previous June after being caught having extramarital relations with a goat in Tanner Dill's barn.

Mr. Codrington was gentle and patient with the class, and never seemed to use the cane, though it was always on prominent display.

Occasionally he rapped a child's knuckles with a ferrule, but almost always did it in such a light way that he was quite popular, if not always obeyed.

"Miles...I must speak to you...I trust I am not keeping you from your chores, boy?" Sedley Codrington smiled gently. "I know there's lots to do over there."

"No Mr. Codrington, Father is quite liberal about allowing Jonas and Sarah and I to have a bit of leisure before we go home.

Is there something the matter?" Miles looked strangely at the older man. He knew Codrington was only about twenty-five, and just out of the University. Perhaps he was lonely.

"Miles, I was a boy myself, and I understand the restlessness that comes on, but I was deeply grieved to see you throwing spitballs at your younger brother.

It disrupts the classroom, and it's not the first time you've not paid attention." Sedley Codrington seemed to be quite sad. "I feel I must punish you, Miles."

"Oh! How odd, sir. Usually, Mr. Pilge punished us immediately after we offended. Do you want to thrash me? I understand, and I'm heartily sorry for my actions."

Miles was quite puzzled...he did not imagine that Codrington would hit very hard, as Miles was eighteen himself, and quite tall and muscular, taller in fact than Sedley Codrington.

Miles was only in school, in fact, because Father wished him to get some practice at ciphering, accounts and bills of lading as it would be needed when Miles took over the sawmill in a few years.

"Miles, I think you are much too thoughtful and considerate a lad to really benefit from me giving you a whipping." 

Sedley Codrington breathed hard as he said next, 

"Besides, you are such a big, and fit lad that I hardly think I could do much damage, as I once saw at the swimming hole, you are rather big all over."

Yes, Jonas would have quite a bit to say over that comment, Miles thought. "Do you want me to write Latin lines, sir? Or do some chores? I could cut wood for the coming winter, more even, than the punishment would take. 

I know the younger children like to gather by the stove, and some are too poor to contribute wood." Like in many schoolhouses, those who brought the most wood were allowed to sit closest to the stove, and Miles had often thought this unfair.

Sedley Codrington's eyes glistened as he spoke his next words: "Miles, you are a generous boy, and quite sensitive...that's why I thought the ultimate punishment for your recklessness with the spitballs this morn would be if you punished ME."

Miles blinked his eyes. "Sir?"

The young schoolmaster handed Miles the cane. "I want you to give me a thrashing, Miles. 

It will put you in mind of what it's like to be a schoolmaster, and how difficult it is to control disobedient boys." As Miles watched in astonishment, Codrington took off his jacket and lay it on the chair.
