 When I was nineteen, Steve, a friend of my elder brother seduced me after a party. He offered me a lift home and on the way he detoured to the river because he said he needed a piss. He parked and we both got out to relieve ourselves. After we'd finished urinating Steve lit up a joint and by the second toke I was totally smashed. Steve moved closer but instead of passing me the joint he pulled me to him and I felt his lips press against mine. I was completely taken by surprise and in my drunken and stoned state it took a moment to register what was happening and before I could pull away I felt his tongue push into my mouth. I'm not gay but his kiss felt so natural I started kissing him back. I pushed my tongue into his mouth and surrendered mine to his probing. As we kissed Steve pulled me hard to him and ground his crutch against mine. All this was really turning me on so I held him tightly and rubbed my own crutch against his. 

My cock was getting harder as we kissed and I was almost overcome with the desire to feel his manhood so I reached between his legs and began to rub and squeeze Steve's dick through his jeans. My head was swimming and it seemed as though I was outside of myself watching a guy who looked like me kissing and stroking another man. I broke off our kiss and undid Steve's jeans. I then reached inside and grabbed hold of my first cock. I moaned softly and when I had freed it from his underpants I knew that I was his and would do anything he wanted. I felt his hand push down on my shoulder so I kneeled in front of him and took hold of his cock, drinking in the sight and smell of it. I marvelled at his big mushroom knob that sat on the top his thick circumcised shaft and I loved the size of his big hairy balls hanging below his cock. 

I leaned forward to kiss the tip and noticed a little drop of precum forming at the bottom of his slit. My tongue licked it into my mouth and the taste nearly sent me over the top. My heart started beating faster and I took his fleshy knob into my mouth and started to suck my very first cock. I cupped his balls in one hand and pulled him off into my mouth with the other. More precum leaked out of his knob and added to the the desire that made every nerve in my body tingle. I moaned with pleasure as I sucked and licked every inch of his beautiful manhood. Steve must have been enjoying it too because he grabbed my head and started to feed me more of his tasty cock. I was sucking him off like a wanton slut, which at that point I guess I was. After a few minutes I felt his balls start to tighten as his thrusts into my mouth began to quicken. I realised he was about to cum so I clamped my lips around his fleshy knob and pulled him off harder and faster. I never thought I would ever suck a guy off but here I was on my knees giving my first blowjob, and loving it. Suddenly Steve grunted and his cock bucked and shot a thick stream of hot creamy spunk into my slut mouth. I swallowed it and before I had a chance to taste it properly my mouth was filled with cum again. I was sucking and swallowing as fast as I could but he was spurting so much spunk into my mouth I was sure he would drown me in cum. I didn't care, I just swallowed and slurped and milked him like a good little cocksucking whore. His jets of lovely spoof finally slowed and eventually stopped but I kept sucking, making sure that I got every delicious drop of man cream out of his now empty balls. I let his softening dick slip from my lips and knew that from that moment on I was Steve's slut to do with whatever he wanted.

He pulled me to my feet and kissed me again, pushing his tongue deep into my mouth. I pressed against him and began sucking his tongue. I wanted more of his lovely fat cock so I broke off our kiss and told him I wanted him to take me back to his place. He said he'd love to but had to start work early and would have to pass. I was disappointed but as there was nothing I could do about it, I pulled his mouth back onto mine and kissed him hotly. After a couple of minutes Steve stopped kissing me and said we had to go. I reluctantly agreed and we got in the car and started driving home. I sucked him off all the way to my place but even though I got his cock hard, I couldn't coax any more spunk from his balls before we arrived. Steve eased my mouth off his cock and told me I could finish the job later. I said ok and went inside to my bedroom. 

I could still smell the faint aroma of his cock around my mouth and it made me so fucking hot I remembered that I was so intent on pleasuring Steve I hadn't even cum myself. I knew it would only take a couple of strokes before my throbbing cock released the copious amounts of thick spunk stored in my full balls. I got undressed and climbed into bed and about thirty seconds later I was drifting off to sleep covered in my own cum. 

A couple of days later Steve rang me and asked me to go round to his place. I wasn't sure at first, but I thought back to the night at the river and horny I was so I said ok and drove over to his place. He was waiting outside when I arrived and he led me inside. 

He told me to take my shoes off and took me into his bedroom. He stood by the bed and pushed me down to my knees and ordered me to pull out his cock and suck him off. I did what I was told and quickly had his knob in my mouth. The situation was a little surreal. I cupped his balls in one hand while I jacked his cock into my mouth with the other. I sucked and licked his knob as I gobbled him off. After about ten minutes he pulled me to my feet and kissed me, pushing his tongue deep into my mouth. I kissed him back and my tongue wrestled with his. He broke off the kiss and pushed me back to my knees and stuffed his cock back into my mouth. I began sucking with renewed enthusiasm, savouring the taste of his meaty cock. I worked his mushroom knob with my tongue, pushing it into his slit and lapping up the precum that leaked out. The taste gave a hint of spunk and it turned me on even more. 

I was looking forward to swallowing a nice big load of it when he pulled me to my feet and pushed his tongue into my mouth again. After a few minutes of this he stopped kissing me and threw me on to the bed. He got on the bed beside me and lay on his back. He then ordered me to straddle him and lower myself onto his member. I did what I was told and squatted over him. I felt his spongy knob press against my sphincter and I moaned softly as he entered me. He raised his hips as I slowly sat down and he easily pushed his cock deeper into me. My arsehole was stretched tightly around his thick shaft and I didn't think I could take any more when I felt my arse cheeks touch his pubic bone. I rocked back and forward for a minute, loving the way his manhood throbbed inside me. I started to slowly ride him and before long I was bouncing up and down on his juicy hard cock like a wanton slut. Which was just as well because I felt like a total whore as he fucked me deeper and harder. 

I leaned forward and kissed him, pushing my tongue deep into his mouth as he responded to my hungry ass muscles gripping his pumping cock. I wanted to feel his engorged member shoot hot spunk right up me but he had a different idea in mind. I heard him begin to moan and I felt his cock thicken and then he quickly pulled out of me. I knew what he wanted and got his prick into my mouth and started to suck like mad. His cock began to throb and knowing what was coming I wrapped my lips around his fleshy knob and stroked him into my wet mouth. He soon grunted and a thick stream of hot cum spurted into the back of my throat. It was a huge amount and I only just managed to swallow it before another large stream filled my mouth. I gulped it down and kept sucking and swallowing until the torrent filling my mouth eventually stopped. His spunk was hot, thick, creamy and delicious. I kept sucking and licking until I was sure I got every drop of his yummy spunk out of his balls. His cock eventually went soft and I let it slip out of my mouth. He then looked at me with a smile and complimented my blowjob ability before telling me to get dressed and fuck off.

I must say that I was a little disappointed because I didn't get to cum but I realised that he must have been a dominant top so I made up for it with a great wank when I got home. About two weeks later I got a call from him asking if I wanted to drop round. He told me that he was really horny and wanted to fuck me again. I said ok and said I wouldn't be long.

When I arrived I noticed three other guys were there and was a little surprised. I quickly realised what they had in mind when instead of introducing me I was ordered to get undressed. I did as I was told and was soon standing in front of them naked. They were all sitting around rubbing their dicks and checking me out when Steve put a collar around my neck and attached a lead to it.

While I'm not a sub I didn't object, in fact I was definitely getting turned on. My cock was beginning to get stiff and got even stiffer when one of the guys grabbed hold of the lead and took me into the bedroom where he told me that I was just a slut and to get down on my knees. I knew what he wanted and knelt down in front of him and undid his pants. I pulled them down and his cock sprang free. It was everything I loved in a cock, big, thick and cut. I immediately took him in my mouth and started sucking. A drop of precum leaked from the slit and I wasted no time in lapping it up. I sucked and slurped on his man-pole while he kept telling me how much of a dirty slut cocksucker I was. That turned me on even more and spurred me on. He started thrusting his knob into the back of my throat and I knew my reward was not far away. I was right. He grunted and exploded into my mouth, flooding it with cum. I swallowed quickly and my mouth was filled again. I swallowed that down and started making yum yum sounds as I milked him dry. His cock must have been super sensitive after blowing his load because he pulled out of my mouth before he was soft. His spunk was delicious and I was a bit disappointed that there wasn't more.

I needn't have worried. I was led back to the other room and was passed on to another guy. He already had his cock out so I got down between his legs and started sucking him off. His cock wasn't as long as the last one but much thicker. The knob was beautifully fleshy and so big I could only take a couple of inches of his shaft in my mouth. I wrapped my hand around his cock and pulled him off into my mouth as I sucked. After a few minutes I felt somebody behind me applying lube to my arse. I knew what was happening so I wiggled my hips to let him know that I wanted it.

I soon felt a cock pushing against my sphincter muscle and I eased back onto it a little. I moaned when I felt the head of his cock enter me and I pushed back to get more of it in me. I must have neglected the cock in my mouth a little bit because he grabbed my head and began fucking my face. I was in sexual heaven. I had one cock filling my arsehole and another filling my mouth. My own cock was rock hard and throbbing and I thought it was going to split open with the pressure. This was the first time I'd been fucked from both ends and it was incredible. I knew then that I'd been reduced to nothing more than a dirty cockslut but I didn't care. I wanted to be the dirtiest cockslut on the planet. I wanted both my arse and mouth pumped full of hot spunk. Just when I thought I would pass out from pleasure a hot jet of cum shot into my man hole. I thrust my hips back onto him as hard as I could. I wanted every inch of his spewing fuckpole deep in my arse. Just when I thought it couldn't get any better the cock in my mouth exploded and flooded my mouth with creamy spunk again. I gulped it down greedily and kept sucking and swallowing until it went soft in my mouth. I felt the cock up my arse still shooting semen into me and my own cock erupted, spewing spoof everywhere.

I spent the rest of the night sucking cocks and getting fucked over and over again. I don't know how many loads I swallowed or how many times I had a cock blow up me but when they were all finished with me Steve took me to his bedroom where I happily sucked him off and fell asleep with his cock still in my mouth

To be continued.