 So there I was; naked, blindfolded, and tied loosely to the four legs of a waist-high chair. Matt would be home any minute from the store, he had only gone to grab a few snacks for watching a movie. I’m sure he thought it odd that I hadn’t accompanied him, but I was fairly sure he would never guess my reasoning. In the short time that he was gone I changed the movie to be a DVD of one of his favorite musicians, Annie Lennox. Next, I undressed and placed the chair in the center of the room and loosely attached my ankles using a few handkerchiefs I had bought earlier in preparation. After blindfolding myself, the tricky part had been tying my hands at the other end. The first wasn’t too difficult, but the second wasn’t a very good tie at all considering I only had that hand to tie it and not a lot of time. Then I could hear Matt coming up the stairs to the apartment.

My muscles were in a constant state of tension as I heard the footsteps getting closer to the door. I could feel my dick getting hard just from the thought of what could happen. I heard him stop at the door to read the note I had placed there. It read: “There is to be no talking. No questions. No afterword. No backing out J. Enjoy.” The tingling in my balls was contrasting to the butterflies in my stomach as I thought over again what I hoped would happen there that night. The door clicked for what seemed eternity as Matt opened the door cautiously. I heard a strange shuffle, which sounded like him almost dropping the snacks in the doorway when he saw me there.

Somehow I knew my note wouldn’t be enough to stop him from saying anything at all, but to my amazement he said only one word: “whoa.” I tried ever so hard to slow my breathing, but it was no use at this point. My body was already aching for pleasure. In a minute, light fluffs of sound came from clothing dropping to the floor. My plan had succeeded. Matt was seduced.

With no sight due to the blindfold, it seemed as if my other senses had been heightened greatly. I could hear with detail each breath in and out of Matt’s chest. I think he was having a hard time trying not to talk, because normally he’s fairly outspoken. Matt’s breath seemed to come just as fast as my own, if not faster. A chill ran through my body as his warm hand touched down lightly on my back. I love getting chills, and this one seemed exquisite.

It took a lot of concentration simply to get my body to relax when the warmth of his member touched my ass cheeks. One hand slid to my hip as the other grasped my cheek firmly and pulled it to one side. On the floor next to the chair I had laid out a few items for lubrication, since I wasn’t quite sure what he normally used with other guys. See, this was the first time I had ever actually gone through with something like this. I shivered once more as I felt a cold droplet land in the crease of my ass. Soon I could smell the vanilla aroma of the lotion.

Matt moved very slowly and deliberately, rubbing the lotion all over my entire rear. I’m sure it must have been shiny as hell, had there been much light. And then the moment I had waited for. The head of his cock pressed up against my tight hole and he held it there for a few moments. I could almost feel it pulsating against the sensitive ring of my skin. Then with a practiced, slow movement, the head was pressed into my awaiting ass. I let out an audible sigh as I struggled to remain calm and relaxed to ease his entry. The slick lotion made a soft slurping noise as he continued forward in the silence. When I could feel the mushroom head of his dick pass my sphincter, he stopped for a second for me to get used to the stretching.

A few more inches he penetrated then, again stopping for my sake. When he began to back out slowly, all I could think was “No! Don’t stop!” He did stop. Just at the point that his tip was all that was left within. Nothing could have prepared me for what came next, though. Suddenly, with a rush of pain and pleasure, his entire seven inches was engulfed in my hole. I felt a slap of his balls against the underside of my own. A small yelp escaped my lips as a pure reaction to the new sensations that coursed throughout my body. Matt must have liked the sound of it, because he seemed to take it as his cue for more.

Extracting almost all of himself once again, his meat was again thrust heartily into me, and again I groaned a little. Although there was a bit of pain, I loved the feeling of being almost completely helpless and used like this. I wanted nothing more at that moment than to have him climax deep within me. “Uggh!” His cock was buried again to the hilt. Blindfolded, the smells of sex and sweat began to invade my nostrils, turning me on even more. The sound of skin slapping skin, along with the *Schuck! Of the lotion being slid in and out was music to my ears.

As best I could, I began to push back as Matt kept his steady rhythm. I wanted it harder, faster, and deeper. I wanted to take myself to the limits of my own breaking points. Matt reached down and put one hand on my shoulder and the other on my hip, pulling my into him as he sped up his thrusts. My own testicles seemed pulled taut to my body from the pressure within.

Perspiration now covered my skin, and I could feel that his hands were also sweaty gripping me. His hand on my shoulder pulled back and I felt him again slow his pace. When he stopped, I wanted to yell at him to continue, but I soon found out why he did. Using his free hand to guide himself, he pulled completely out of my ass, and then slid all the way back in again. The sensation was amazing as my sphincter tried to accommodate and shrink as he left, and then was opened wide once again. After only a few thrusts, I couldn’t even feel the muscle attempt to contract, as it gaped widely for him to see. It was then that I again felt his second hand upon my hips, as it was no longer needed to guide into my now gaping hole.

I felt very slutty to have an asshole that needed no guidance then, and loved every moment of it. I was being completely used for his pleasure. I heard him breathing heavily as he picked up his pace once more. I knew it wouldn’t be long before his climax, and I once again thrust my hips backwards at him. Digging into my skin, his hands held on even tighter as he approached the point of no return. I felt him swell within me, and pushed back to let him know I wanted his cum inside of me. Matt’s grip tightened even more, if that was possible, and a grunt through gritted teeth escaped his mouth as he buried his meat deeply and completely into my tender ass. A warm rush of fluid blasted my insides as a gush of blood flowed out of my hands and feet and into my own prick. I hadn’t even known it was possible, but without myself or Matt ever touching it, I exploded from the sensations I was feeling. My own cum shot right onto my chest while I faced down, the force was amazing to me. My ass tried to clench down with the orgasm but it had nothing left after the pounding it had just taken. Both of our orgasms seemed to last a while, and Matt collapsed over onto my back, dick still embedded within. When he extracted himself very slowly, I sighed and simply let myself fall sideways to the floor limp so that I could rest, still attached to the chair.

When I awoke I found that I was no longer tied to the chair, but my blindfold remained. Matt’s arm was draped over me, his naked form spooned next to mine. I must have really been tired after that jaunt because I hadn’t noticed when the restraints were removed, or when the semen was licked from my chest. I could tell that Matt was still sleeping like a stone as I slid out from under his arm. I was about to get my things and leave, thinking that my scheme had worked, I’d had my fun, and it was time to split. I then thought of one other thing. While I was already in the position to, why not try one other thing that I’d always been curious of?

With a slight shove I rolled Matt over onto his back, still very asleep. Then very lightly I licked his limp member. I thought, “Well that figures, it tastes like skin. What a revelation.” Looking at it now, flaccid, there was probably only 4 or 5 inches to it, and I was pretty sure I could get it all in my mouth if I wanted to. Well, my curiosity of course got the best of me and I had to try. I found that for some reason I enjoyed the challenge of seeing just how much I could handle.

Matt’s dick began to slightly twitch and grow as I played lightly with it, giving me more and more of a challenge to work with. Soon I didn’t even think twice about waking him, I simply wanted to get my lips around his growing cock! I couldn’t believe the things that were going through my head. After a short time I was building a rhythm for myself sliding up and down his shaft with my lips, caressing the pole with my tongue as I went. At full attention now, I couldn’t manage to get nearly all of it in my mouth, and I had no previous experience in relaxing my throat muscles. Everything was a new experience, and therefore very exciting to me.

I grasped the base of his cock and started to really go at it bobbing my head. It was almost impulsive to me, having been on the receiving end of these before, I knew what should feel good. Suddenly, I felt two hands grab my hair fiercely and hold me down on the shaft. Through my lips I felt it pulsate and I knew what was coming. I braced myself, and simply let it flow as Matt sprayed his juice into my awaiting mouth. By instinct, because I knew there was no pulling off, I simply swallowed what was given to me, lost in the ecstasy of someone gripping tightly on my hair.

When he was done and had let go of my hair, Matt simply smiled at me and laid back again on the floor. I gathered my things and headed to the door. On my way out I only said “What happened here never leaves here.” 

His reply was a simple “Thanks.”