 Fred and I had not talked about our previous encounter and I was confused about my newly found feelings; worried that I/we would be found out by the Navy. 

One weekend, Fred visited me in my barracks room. My roommate was gone for the weekend, so I had the room to myself. Fred and I went to the chow hall for dinner and then to the base theater for a movie. The theater was not very crowded and we found ourselves alone in a section. The movie was ok, but a few minutes into the movie, I felt Fred's hand stroking my thigh. In the darkened theater, no one could see us, but I was very nervous about being caught and moved his hand back. At the same time, I was very excited. After a couple of attempts, he stopped.

After the movie, we went back to my room. After I closed the door, Fred moved to the windows and drew the curtains. He then turned back to me as I stood there frozen and excited. I was afraid of my feelings and at the same time, hard with desire to repeat my previous experience. Fred leaned towards me, put his hands on my chest and kissed me. His arms went around me as he pulled me against him and I could feel his hard cock pressing against mine. I softly moaned and started kissing him back. I put my arms around him, pulling his groin harder against mine. We were both breathing heavily as I turned to lock the door. He nuzzled my neck and as he came up behind me, wrapped his arms around me and ground his cock against my ass. We started taking off each other's clothes, kissing and nibbling newly exposed flesh. He nipped and pinched my nipples as the last of our clothes were removed. Naked, we embraced again. Fred held our cocks together, slippery with pre-cum and we rubbed against each other. I was ready to explode right then, so I pulled away. I was so excited and almost panting. Never before had I felt like I wanted something so strongly. I whispered that we should move to the bed. We climbed into bed. Fred rolled on top of me and ground his cock against me as our mouths locked together. I was so excited; all concerns of what we were doing and where we were doing it were driven from my head. I only wanted Fred and his cock. 

Fred switched around and fed me his cock as he devoured mine. I loved the feeling of his cock sliding in and out of my mouth. I reached up and stroked his back and ass as we quietly moaned our enjoyment. I felt his cock swelling and soon was rewarded with his cum. Seconds later, I returned the favor. 

I kept Fred's cock in my mouth, sucking and swirling my tongue around it causing Fred to squirm and spasm. We licked each other clean and then snuggled together. Being young, it was not long before we started idly stroking each other and we were hard once again. I rolled over on my side and Fred curled up next to me. His hand reached over and started playing with my cock again as his cock was comfortably nestled between my ass cheeks. Fred asked me if he could fuck me and I eagerly agreed. We found some lotion and I rolled over on my stomach. Fred started loosening me up, but I was concerned about the bed squeaking. Fred suggested we try on the floor. We threw a blanket on the floor and Fred told me to get on my hands and knees. He knelt behind me, using the lotion and his fingers to get me loose and slippery. After a bit, Fred asked if I was ready to which I responded by pushing back against him. I soon felt his cock pressing against my hole and suddenly, he was inside me. He whispered to me how tight I felt as he slowly started fucking me. I could feel his cock riding against my prostate; making my cock begin to tingle and leak. I was really enjoying the feel of Fred inside me. I wanted to moan my approval, but had to force myself to be quiet as he started pounding me. His balls bounced off mine as he moved faster until he drove as deeply as he could inside me and I felt his warm cum spurting into my bowels. He fell on top of me, breathing heavily as his cock softened and finally slipped out. I felt empty, but happy. He reached around and stoked me to climax. It was amazing.

This was just the first of many encounters we enjoyed. Sometimes we went on liberty and found ourselves back at Sam's apartment where we met other like-minded sailors that became playmates. Unfortunately, Fred finished his training and received his orders. We never crossed paths again. I later heard, he had been found out and subsequently discharged from the Navy. After that, I kept my desires hidden for many years.