 If you had asked me who I was just a few short weeks ago, I would have been able to tell you. My name is Dave and I am just a run of the mill guy, 36, married with two kids, just an office bod with nothing particularly special about me. That was then.

It was the time of the firm’s annual sales conference, I am not a salesman but as Senior Administrator for the sales department it is my onerous duty to attend every year. A few days before it all started the Personnel manager walked into my office,

“ Bad news Dave,” he said, not looking particularly worried, in fact he has a slight smile on his lips, “the hotel has cocked up and some people are going to have to share next week, we drew names from a hat and I’m afraid yours came out.”

I groaned inwardly, “Who have I got to share with?”

“That’s the best bit,” he could barely contain his amusement, “Gary Weston.”

My heart dropped even further, Gary Weston was a brash young salesman, only 23 but one of the best, he knew he was the best and made sure everyone else knew it to. He loved fast cars and was an incorrigible womaniser, forever boasting about his conquests. I tried to wriggle my way out of the situation, “Is there no way I could…..”

I was cut short, “No this was the MD’s idea and he drew the names and has approved everything”. 

“Thanks” I replied sullenly, indicating that it was time to leave me alone.



The day of the conference arrived and the firm had hired a coach to get us all to the venue, my feelings of dread lifted as I noticed that Gary was not on it and had not arrived by the time we left. It was a boring three hour journey that took us to the four star country hotel that was to be our home for the next four nights. I checked in and went to my room, I had a couple of hours to kill before we all had to assemble for the big annual dinner where all the different offices attending got a chance to get together.

I decided to shower, I felt hot and sweaty after that coach journey. I unpacked what I needed, undressed and stepped into the hot powerful shower. While I was in there I thought I heard a noise but ignored it, after having a good wash I turned the shower off and pulled back the curtain, there was Gary Weston!

“Hi Dave,” he stated calmly, “I knocked but you didn’t answer so I got one of the staff to let me in.” 

“How come you weren’t on the coach?” I asked

“Had to see a client this morning so I knew I wouldn’t make it back to the office on time, didn’t any one tell you?” He raised an eyebrow.

I shook my head, and as I did the drops of water falling down my face reminded me I was naked. I grabbed the towel quickly and wrapped it around me.

Gary smiled, “Are you finished in there Dave?”

“Yes.” I replied

“Good. I need a shower myself.” With that he undressed there and then, I couldn’t help notice that he had an extremely athletic body and wasn’t to badly endowed either. As I stepped out of the shower cubicle he stepped in, brushing against me and smiling. I hurried out in to the bedroom and left him to it. I was looking over some paper work and still hadn’t dressed when came out of the shower, instead of concentrating what I was doing I surreptitiously looked over at him as he removed his towel to get dressed. I have always considered myself a butt man, I love a nice firm arse but this was the first time I found myself looking at another guys. He started to turn around so I went quickly back to my papers,

“Hey Dave,” he said, “get dressed and I’ll by you a drink in the bar, we’ve got a bit of time to kill.”

“Why not.” I replied, a little reluctantly. I decided it was a bit late to be shy so I stood up removed my towel and slid my boxer shorts on.

“You’ve got a good body.” Stated Gary in a matter of fact voice. “Do you work out?”

“Not as such,” I answered, “but I do swim a lot.” I finished dressing and we went downstairs. To my surprise I actually enjoyed his company in that hour before the dinner, behind his brash exterior was a wicked sense of humour and a lot of hidden intelligence.

For the dinner we were placed on different tables, each table had one person from each office, but as soon as the formal part was over he sought me out and we went back to the bar. This time though it was busy, full of work colleagues. I felt a breath against my ear,

“I’ve had enough of all this shop talk,” Gary whispered softly in my ear, “I’m going up to the room.”

“I’ll join you, I’d better not drink anymore anyway.” I whispered back. We said our good nights and made our way upstairs. Back in the room Gary quickly stripped down to his boxers claiming that he had had enough of being stuck in a suit for one day. I agreed with him and started to remove my shirt, as I did I felt a slight twinge in my back and must have winced.

Gary noticed it, “Are you alright Dave?”

“Yes,” I replied, “I’m just a bit stiff from sitting in those seats all evening.”

“I know what you mean, here let me see if I can help.” Before I had a chance to do or say anything I felt his hand on my back massaging it. It felt good and I told him so. “Lie down on the bed.” He told me, so I did. His hands worked there way across my back working in to the muscles, I could feel it relaxing me, then I noticed another sensation, maybe it was a combination of his touch, relaxation and the drink, but I was definitely getting a little turned on by it. I moved my head around to look at him and to my surprise I saw a huge hard on in his boxer shorts, I was transfixed.

He noticed me looking, smiled and lent over my back to whisper in my ear, “Touching you feels good.” I barely heard the words all I could feel was his chest against my back as he leant over me, the feel of his skin against mine was unbelievable. “How about you let me see the rest of your body?” I nodded, unable to form any words. He rolled me over on to my back at started to unbuckle the belt on my trousers, then he took off my trousers, by this time I was fully hard, I could see him lick his lips as he lifted the elastic of my boxers shorts over my hard shaft, then slid them off my legs. As I lay there helpless, frozen by nervous anticipation he took off his shorts then climbed on the bed beside me. I could feel his hot flesh against mine, sending an incredible shudder through my body.

Gary smiled at me and moved his hand slowly across my chest, curling his body around mine, he moved his face closer to me, I could feel his breath on my lips. Then he kissed me, I couldn’t believe the incredible sensations that tore through my body, I kissed him back hard and furious, our tongues met and entwined. With our bodies locked together I reach down and, for the first time in my life held another mans cock in my hands, it felt tremendous as it throbbed in my grip. Gary returned the compliment holding my manhood, caressing it. Then he broke from our embrace leaned down and took it in to his mouth.

It felt like nothing on Earth, the blowjob he gave me was a hundred times better than any woman had given me. He held it firmly between his lips, but not uncomfortably, fucking my meat with his warm wet mouth. I could barely contain myself, I was ready to release my load into that sensual mouth, Gary must have felt me tense my body because he pulled away,

“Not yet,” he whispered, “not yet.”

He got up but at the same time pushing my head towards his cock, nervously I took it in my mouth, as I lowered my lips along his hard shaft I good feel every contour of that horny rod. My tongue registered a strange taste and I realised it was the pre-cum oozing out of him, I lapped it up eagerly. I’ll never forget that first cock in my mouth, it was so perfect. I felt Gary lift my head away and I was disappointed until I realised that it was only so that he could move around into a 69 position and I returned to worshiping his cock with my lips as he was doing to me.

Pretty soon we were furiously mouth fucking each other and I could feel myself coming, this time he didn’t stop me and I felt an orgasm explode through me shooting cum into his waiting mouth. Just as I finished I felt him tense and then the heavenly sensation of hot cum ejaculating in to me, hitting the roof of my mouth, falling on to my tongue and slowly sliding down my throat. We pulled apart and he came up to me kissing me hard on the mouth, I could taste my cum in his mouth mingling with his in mine.

Finally we collapse in a naked heap together and that was how we awoke the next morning. That was how our week went, by day business colleagues attending the company conference, by night hot gay lovers. He confessed to me that he had always been bi-sexual and that the moment he had seen me naked in the shower he was determined to seduce me. We still have sex regularly, my wife thinks I am working out once a week, well I am, not in a gym but in Gary’s bed.