 Following the painful fucking with Howard and John at Dave's place, I swore I would never go near gay sex again; I could not come to terms with what I had done, and had done to me. I was very disturbed about the day's events and the intense pain I got when Dave brutally fucked my ass for over an hour. All I could remember doing was absorb the pain, and keep my mind focused on my breathing which helped alleviate the pain. I did not forget that the penetration and the prolonged fucking stirred my prostate and gave me an earth shattering orgasm, but I could not forget the pain I felt and was afraid of any future encounter. 

Howard had forgiven John for getting us so pissed and drunk that we had been easy victims of a gay sex orgy where we were both used as playthings. Howard would always forgive John anything as he loved the guy and John could easily talk him around. It was not long before they were both around trying to get me back onto the scene with promises of good times and lots of fun. I kept refusing to meet up with them but John would not let it slide. It soon became apparent that John's sea daddy (Dave) now wanted me and eventually I was pressurised and persuaded to meet him. 

He asked me (via John) if I would like to come over to his house so that he could apologise and make things right between us, and I eventually accepted his invitation. Do not ask me why or what made me agree to go to see him again, I could not explain it myself. I was frightened of him and yet he excited me, I think that the way he had fucked me solidly for over an hour, had made me remember the earth shattering orgasm he had given me. That started to drive me back into his arms and eventually into being his slut, but I had not figured that out at the time. He picked me up and drove me to his home. I had a good body from playing football and Rugby and was a powerful sprinter. I had a 7"long and a thick cock for a guy in his teens, so I was pleased with the attention I got from guys in the gym shower and of course from the girls with whom I'd had sex. Dave knew all this, but he was also aware of what turned me on, how I reacted to various sexual stimulants and how to draw my attention to him. 

As soon as we got into his home, he seemed to be showing some excitement, there was a very prominent bulge in his pants with a cock that was noticeably larger than mine was; in fact, it was massive. I looked at his huge cock that seemed to be growing larger in front of my eyes. He asked me if I wanted to have a drink and maybe watch a movie. I accepted and followed him into his living room. He had a big screen TV and a VCR. They were not affordable by most folks at this time but he had a Beta VCR. He picked out a tape and inserted the cartridge. A movie started playing; 

The screen showed three well-built men touching each other's pricks. As the men became excited, their pricks grew very large. One man bent over and began sucking one of the other guys. The guy bent over had his asshole greased up by a blond haired guy with a long and fat prick. The three guy's changed position and moved to the floor. The blonde man positioned himself behind the man on his knees; he then proceeded to insert his large prick into the man's ass slowly until his entire prick was buried deeply in the guy's ass. The three men continued fucking and sucking until one of them pulled his prick from a guys mouth and shot a lot of cum into the still open mouth, the guy then licked and swallowed the cum. The guy with the foot long prick was ramming into the ass of the man that had just swallowed a large amount of cum. He then pulled his prick from the ass and began to unload a great deal of cum onto the back and arse of his partner. He then reinserted his huge prick and pumped a few more times to release the rest of his load

At that point, Dave walked over to me and said "you seemed to be excited about something" as I had become very hard in the trouser department while watching the film. He then reached down into my jeans and started caressing my prick. It grew until it was fully erect. He swiftly removed my jeans and pants, fully exposing my throbbing prick. He bent at the waist and took my prick in his mouth, caressing my large balls with his hands as his mouth sucked me. He deep throated me until my prick swelled to indicate I was about to cum, I moaned that I was going to cum but he kept sucking and deep throating me till I shot a good amount of cum into his mouth. He continued to caress my very sensitive prick with his mouth and tongue until I was erect again. He reached over and touched my hard prick then bent over and sucked it once again into his mouth. I was now caressing his long, thick prick with my hand and tried to bend over but couldn't because the arm of the sofa was in my way. I asked him to stop so we could arrange our positions, as I wanted to taste his cock. 

He grabbed my hand and led me to his bedroom. I sat down on the bed and he walked over to me, his large, thick prick now right in front of my mouth. I licked the head and then took the big head in my mouth and started sucking the prick deeper and deeper until I had stretched my throat muscles enough to take as much of his long , thick prick in my mouth as I could. I started to bob my head as my mouth and throat caressed and sucked this wonderful prick until it seemed to get bigger and thicker. He warned me that he was going to cum and tried to pull his cock from my mouth. I grabbed his ass and wouldn't allow him to remove his great prick from my mouth, I wanted to taste his cum, I wanted to feel it slide down my throat , it did and suddenly I loved this experience and I want more.

Being a seaman, he had loads of movies from around the world in his bedroom and he asked me if I would like to watch another movie. I agreed and he put a tape in the player. This movie features many men with athletic bodies and large pricks. The men begin sucking each other and swallowing the cum they produced. One of the men remained erect and started to fuck one guy's ass. Dave said "do these films excited you" and I replied that they did, in fact I was so turned on that I once again started sucking his cock without being asked, I kept at it until he was very large and erect. While I was sucking his prick Dave informed me that he had a lodger who was probably on his way home, but I shouldn't be alarmed as his lodger would not do anything unless asked, but he told me his lodger also had very large prick . 

I continued sucking Dave's cock, suddenly Tony, Dave's roommate, walked into the bedroom and exclaimed "MY, what have we here? Do you guys mind if I join in the fun?" he asked. The gay porn movie was still playing and Tony began to take off his suit, I continued sucking on Dave's nice big, thick prick, tasting the pre cum and loving it. Tony had removed his clothes and I was shocked when I saw his incredibly big, thick, very erect prick. Tony's prick may have been shorter than Dave's but maybe was a bit thicker. Tony was now lying next to me and started to kiss me, and suck my nipples as I continued to suck Dave's wonderful prick. 

I was so turned on with two large pricks side by side I removed my mouth from one big thick prick and placed my mouth on Tony's thicker prick. I was so excited that I climaxed and shot my cum on the bed when my cock was not even being touched. I loved what I was doing. Tony said " stop sucking my I'll cum too soon". I wanted Tony to cum in my mouth but he said he "I want to fuck your ass". I was a little afraid of the pain I may experience with such a large, thick intruder entering me, especially after my last fucking from Dave when I was fucked stupid, but I was so turned on I really wanted it in me. 

Tony told me to "get into the doggy position". However, I was told to "get in a 69" position by Dave so he could watch my ass being fucked while he and I sucked each other. We changed position and took each others prick's in our mouths as Tony applied some KY to his big thick prick and my asshole. Tony began by inserting one finger in my ass and pushing it in and pulling it out several times then two fingers in and out , I was really enjoying the anal penetration while I continue to suck a great prick, tasting the precum as my prick is being sucked and certainly leaking some precum of my own. Tony removed both his fingers and once again applied some KY to my asshole. Tony positioned himself so that his prick head was now at the entrance to my asshole. 

Dave's cock was leaking precum in my mouth as I sucked his long, hard prick and Tony was now gently working his large prick head into my ass. It hurt and I moaned loudly as his cock head pushed through my sphincter muscles, but I groaned deeply and start begging him to "push more of his prick into my throbbing anal passage". Tony began to push deeper and deeper, his prick was so big and thick going into my ass it was painful, really stretching the muscle and invading my deepest recesses, but I was helping him get it into me by moving myself back onto his invading monster. Due to my previous sexual experiences with Dave, my asshole was feeling less pain and more pleasure as Tony's long, thick prick was now completely buried in my ass. Tony then started to fuck my ass by pulling out until the head was just inside and forcing the length deep inside my ass. I could feel his balls touching my balls. 

My own prick was firmly locked into Dave's hungry mouth and his massive prick was deep in my mouth. He moaned, and his prick swelled up as he began to release his cum into my mouth and I continued to suck his prick further into my mouth. My mouth was full of cum and I started to swallow it when Tony moaned as his prick swelled even larger in my tight hole and began to release his cum into the top of my ass, and up into my intestines. The feeling of the hot cum in my ass was so exciting that my cock shot large amounts of cum into Dave's mouth. I remained in the doggy position with a big thick, but satisfied prick in my ass and a big thick prick in my mouth. Tony's cum was dripping from my ass into Dave's face, while Dave's cum was running from my mouth. I knew I just had to have this experience again and again .I had discovered the truth about me, I liked to be fucked and sucked by men. 

That summer I turned into a gay slut, allowing the guys to shoot their load in my mouth and swallowing as much cum as I could. I loved the feeling of their pricks in my ass and feeling their sperm shoot inside me. I stayed whenever I could and had sex with Dave and Tony in every position known to man. I was free to do what ever I wanted with them around the house and one day Dave was waiting for me with some clothing he wanted me to wear in a bag. He told me "it's Tony's birthday and he's due home any minute go into the bedroom and put on these clothes". I was to stay there until Tony arrived home and I then had to run out of the bedroom and give Tony a big deep-throated kiss in my new clothes. When I got into the bedroom and opened the clothes bag, I saw girls' frilly panties a ra-ra skirt and a small halter-top. I looked out to Dave and said "I am not wearing these!" He said "do as you are told or you will be sorry". I knew his temper so I did what I was told. Strangely enough putting on those girls scanties made me feel very sexy and I started to pose in front of the big bedroom mirror. I heard the door open and Tony's voice shouting to Dave he was home. I did as I was told to do and ran out into the living room, jumped into Tony's arms and kissed him happy birthday.

Tony took one long slow look at me and said "oh fuck! you look like all my dreams come true". Dave came into the room kissed Tony and said "what do you think of our lady boy Tony?". He said "that's what I've always wanted you know, boys dressed like that really turn me on". He turned to me and said "come here I want to fuck you now." I went to him and he started to kiss me deeply, his hands were all over my body and he started to remove my panties. I was being really turned on with all the attention he was giving me and kicked the panties off me so that he could get to me properly. As my panties flew off my legs Tony stood back dropped his trousers and pants in one movement, grabbed me around the waist and shoved two of his thick fingers straight into my ass. He rubbed me all over with his free hand whilst working the fingers of his other hand deep into my ass. After he had opened me up, he lifted me with one hand and drove me onto his throbbing prick. He must have impaled me with at least six inches as I cried out in pain and surprise at his swift entry into my ass. He slowly sat down onto the settee with me still impaled on him. As he sat down fully I could feel his tool forcing its way up into my body. 

Dave had watched Tony take me and then decided he had to join in, so he started to kiss me deeply while I was sliding my way down onto Tony's' cock. When it was fully in me Tony leaned back so that I was lying on his chest, then Dave started kissing his way down my neck. When he got to my halter-top he took it off, kissed, and sucked my nipples. They had got so long from the use both Dave and Tony had made of them that they were at least half an inch long and quite thick, so he had a real feast of my nipples and that, in turn, made me moan and groan as I became so aroused. He got down to my little skirt and he left it in place, but raised it and took my now fully erect prick into his mouth. Tony did not move and I remained impaled on his huge prick while Dave sucked me deeply into his mouth. In a very short time, I came off into Dave's mouth shuddering and groaning as I became fastened between my two lovers. 

After that orgy we all went to sleep in Dave's big bed. In the middle of the night I was sleeping on my side, Dave woke me up by getting behind me and pumping on my ass with his dick without penetrating me. I quietly pushed my ass onto his cock as he lay behind me rubbing his shaft between my cheeks. He started kissing the back of my neck and I was shocked! It felt so different, I could feel his whiskers, but also could feel his tongue as he licked my ear. He grabbed the side of my head and bent my head back while pushing his body closer. He kissed my lips. I kissed back I was trying something new to me. He pulled me on my back and put his legs in between mine while he got on top of me. We both quietly looked over at Tony making sure he was asleep. Dave put his mouth closer to mine, keeping his cock head against my hole. Then leaning forward I felt his tongue as it gently licked my upper lip and he started pushing his cock into me slowly. I had so much cum inside me, it easily slid in. Trying not to move the bed and wake up Tony, I wrapped my legs around his back as he towered over me and started licking my lips and kissing me. 

Both of our mouths were open, with him on top of me. He pushed his cock inside my ass slowly making our lips touch harder. He slipped his tongue in my mouth as he easily pushed his entire cock deep inside my slippery pussy ass. I took the girls role, keeping my tongue in my mouth, circling it around his tongue softly as he stuck it in my mouth. Closing his mouth on my bottom lip, he then started kissing my lips again. He pulled his cock out and grabbed my cock. He wanked me off while pushing his cock back inside my ass. He pushed in harder and faster. I opened my mouth completely because his cock felt so good and he was wanking me off while he fucked me!

He started French kissing me again, invading my mouth with his tongue and I was gently swirling my tongue around his. It was erotic because it was as if we were doing it secretly, not wanting to wake up Tony. We were being quiet and he kept his tongue deep in my mouth. I barely stuck mine out as he rubbed my dick faster. I was so wet from all the cum I had taken that night that his prick was sliding into me easily with wet slurping strokes as we made passionate unbridled love, French kissing each other constantly we came off together covering ourselves with each others spunk. I now knew then I was a gay slut who could never say no to any man who asked for my body.