 I keep asking myself, was it an accident really? 

Whoa, let me step back a bit. 

My name is Dean and I am 41 years old. I had, until very recently been happily married but things turned sour and my wife and I split.

Totally depressed and despondent I decided to quit London, where I had lived my entire life, and move out to the coast. It was easier for me to do that, having shared the proceeds of my old house with my ex, I couldn't really afford anything decent in London, but now I had an almost penthouse like apartment over looking the English Channel. 

The real bind was having to find myself a new job, but luckily a trained accountant can find work almost anywhere and I found myself working in a fruit packing plant a few miles inland.

The thing with those types of places is that they are staffed predominantly by women, which is why, at the age of 41 and unfit as hell, I was talked in to playing for the company soccer team.

So one Sunday there I was with my ten team mates, (we were the only 11 men who worked for the company), running around a field like a lunatic for 90 minutes. It was only pride that kept me going in that time and once the final whistle had blown I had to sit on the grass for a good ten minutes just to get my breath back before making my way to the changing room.

By that time most of my team mates had showered and changed, the only exception was Simon, one of the warehouse men. He was behind because he ran the team and had to register scores and collect money etc.

Anyhow, as I was stripping off to shower down the other guys shouted that they would meet us in the local pub as soon as we were ready.

I stepped in to the showers and let the hot water wash away the dirt and sweat from my body, up until a couple of hours ago I thought I was pretty fit. I managed to keep my self trim, kept the flab at bay, but now my muscles were screaming at me. As the hot shower eased those screams Simon entered the shower.

He was 25 and had lived his entire life in the local village and worked at the plant since the age of 16, and his love of soccer kept him in very good shape. I gave him a smile and a nod in acknowledgement and he took a step toward me as if to say something.

That's when it happened.

He seemed to slip on the wet surface and came hurtling toward me. His body clashed with mine and I instinctively reached out to get hold of him to stop him falling. He grabbed at me as well to keep himself upright.

I still ask myself, was it really an accident? 

As his body pressed against mine I felt a surge of hot blooded passion run through me, my mind confused and dazed, this was another guy. It seemed an eternal moment, one hand holding his shoulder the other tightly cupping his buttock. It felt like there was an electrical charge zipping through me where his skin touched mine. 

I could feel his cock against my thigh. I'm not gay my mind screamed, but I didn't want to let go.

Suddenly there was a noise in the locker area, instinctively our bodies parted.

"Are you alright?" I asked in as normal voice as I could manage, "That could have been nasty if you had fallen."

"I'm fine, thanks to you Dean." Did I imagine the look he gave me then, looking me up and down? Or was it wishful thinking on my part.

We finished showering and dressed, just indulging in idle chit-chat and made our way over to the local pub. I wasn't drinking though as I had bought my car over and would never drink and drive. As you can imagine, eleven blokes drinking together was a bit of a squash around the table I found a space on the wall bench and Simon squeezed in next to me.

The next couple of hours were weird, the group was indulging in meaningless 'macho' banter but my mind was constantly focused on Simon's leg pressing against mine, we both had jeans on but I kept drifting back to the shower when our flesh touched. A couple of times I was so engrossed in those thoughts that I missed people talking to me and I had to brush it off a being totally shattered.

As closing time came the group gradually drifted away, Simon stood to say goodbye to someone and as he sat down his elbow knocked his nearly full pint of beer sending it all over my trousers and on to his own as well.

I still ask myself, was it really an accident? 

"Sorry Dean," he looked genuinely mortified, "I guess I'm a totally clumsy idiot today."

"No worries, it'll wash out." I replied.

"Yeah mate, but you've got a twenty minute drive home, you and your car will stink."

"True." I wrinkled my nose at the thought.

"Have you got to rush home for anything?" he asked

"Only an afternoon of bachelor life." I answered wryly.

"How about you pop home with me then and I'll get those jeans washed for you. I only live around the corner."

For some reason the thought of spending more time with Simon sent a thrill through me and I quickly agreed.

His flat was a small place, fashionably furnished. As soon as he shut the door he began to take off his wet jeans and urged me to do the same. He showed me in to the lounge and indicated for me to sit. He disappeared and I heard the sounds of a washing machine being put on. When he returned he had a wet flannel in his hands,

"I noticed the your jeans were soaked through, your leg must stink of beer." 

With that he started to gently rub the top of my leg with the flannel, it was too much for me. Mind my worked furiously trying to keep my cock down but it was hopeless. Pretty soon the rise in my boxers was too obvious to miss, I looked down to see if Simon had noticed - and found his eyes were transfixed by it.

I wriggled my hips to try and hide my hard on in some way but Simon placed a hand on my hip, gently, but enough to stop me. He looked me straight in the eye while his other hand threw the flannel to one side then slid along my leg inside my boxer shorts.

My mind exploded, I should stop this but it felt so good, I don't want to stop this.

Simon removed his hand and climbed up next to me. His face moved closer and closer until our lips met. As I opened my mouth to meet his, his hand began to gently caress the hard cock hidden beneath my shorts.

The kiss lasted for an eternity.

Eventually we broke away, Simon furiously began trying to remove my shirt, while I was hell bent on getting his off. He laid me on my back and tugged my boxers off, I watched as he stood and removed his. Staring openly at the huge hard member that sprang free. He lay next to me and we kissed again. Our naked flesh together again, as it had been in the shower, but this time with our mouths pressed hard together.

His hand moved down to my cock, sending a shiver of pleasure through my body. Then I reached down and touched him, the first time I had ever held another mans hard penis. It felt so good.

Simon lifted his succulent lips from mine and started to use them on my body, as he moved slowly downwards I reluctantly let his dick slip from my hands. Simon kissed my lower and lower until his mouth hovered over my eagerly waiting crotch.

What happened next was pure bliss.

My only previous experience of a blow job was my ex-wife reluctantly putting it in her mouth and giving it a half-arsed suck for a few seconds.

Simon kissed treated my cock like an object of worship, he kissed it gently letting his wet lips tease the skin, then he used his tongue to tantalise my senses licking the full length of my member, which twitched uncontrollably trying to find his mouth. 

When he did slip his lips over the end of my now uncontrollable dick I thought I was going to shoot my load there and then. But Simon was an expert at this, somehow he slowed this down, he eat my meat slowly, using one hand to hold the base hard, then he sped up really working it, again if I tensed as if to come he slowed. I lost all track of time he was down there forever.

Eventually his mouth released me and he came back and kissed me gently,

"This is your first time isn't it" he whispered

"Yes" I gasped.

"Would you like to...." He nodded downwards.

I said nothing, just sliding myself down his hot firm body. My face hovered above his huge cock, doubt suddenly hitting my brain - if I did this I was queer wasn't I? Lust took over, and I plunged my mouth downward. I was probably a bit clumsy to begin with, but it was fucking good. The feel of cock in my mouth was unbelievable. 

I furiously worked my lips on his dick, giving him a hard oral jerk off. I could feel his hips starting to move, thrusting himself in to my mouth. It was now a case of him fucking my mouth, with urgency.

"I better warn you Dean," Simon gasped, "I'm gonna cum." I heard him but I didn't care. I wanted to experience that cock shooting its load. Suddenly he tensed and I felt his cock launch his sperm into my mouth, hitting the back of my throat. I must confess I nearly gagged but the warm taste was felt so good on my tongue. When the torrent had finished I pulled away. 

Simon pulled my head toward his and kissed me hard, his tongue seeking his own cum in my mouth. His hand reached down and gently stroked my throbbing member, the movement gradually became faster and harder. With our mouths still locked together, I ejaculated more cum than I ever had over Simon's hand.

We pulled away and smiled at each other, somehow knowing that this wasn't going to be a one off event.

"Hey," I began, "How long until those jeans are washed?"

"Well," Simon answered, giving me a wink, "Not until tomorrow morning."