 When I first started college, I moved in with a guy named Rob. He was a pretty cool guy, really easy going. The only issue was that he was a bit too easy going. He would occasionally walk around the apartment naked, and had no issues with being open about sex. It was weird at first, but I got used to it pretty quickly. I actually appreciated his relaxed attitude, he didn't make sex a taboo thing and I think that's a good mindset to have. We would occasionally discuss sex. What we liked, past experiences, and so on. It was nice to be able to discuss that stuff with someone.

I knew Rob was Bi. He had brought home dates occasionally, sometimes women and other times men. I had no issue with that, as long as they weren't too loud. I hadn't brought anyone home yet, a since I wasn't having much luck in the dating department. I'm not exactly bad looking, just shy. My last relationship had started when I was 15 and ended right after graduation, so I hadn't had much experience.

One day, I came home early from school and found Rob on the couch, watching porn.

"Dude, what the hell?!"

Rob jumped, clearly not noticing that I had gotten home. "Shit, sorry man, I usually make sure I'm done before you get home." He hadn't moved to cover himself up, and was still slowly stroking himself. I glanced at the porn on the tv, and felt myself getting hard. "You're welcome to join in if you want."

I froze. I knew he was easy going, but this was something else.

"What, you've never jacked off with another dude before?" he asked, laughing.

"Well, no, not really." I felt my face flush, my dick still rock hard.

"Why not? Plenty of guys do it. C'mon!" he said, turning back to the tv.

I wasn't sure what to do. Part of me was weirded out, but another part was excited about jacking off with another guy. I knew I had to choose which feeling to follow.

I couldn't believe I was doing this, but I decided to just go for it. I walked around the couch and sat on the opposite end. The video was still going and I felt my dick pressing against my jeans. Hesitating for a second, I finally undid the button and zipped down my fly. Rob was still slowly jacking off, eyes on the tv. I reached into my underwear and started stroking my dick. Slowly, I pulled it up and out of my pants.

He turned and looked at me. "There ya go, see? Nothing to worry about." He then resumed watching the tv and I began to slowly stroke my dick. After a minute or two I slid my jeans and boxers to my knees and really got into it. I noticed that Rob's left hand was no longer on his thigh, but was now next to his leg. Part of me wanted to move away, but another part of me didn't.

I really got into it at one point and closed my eyes for a second. In that moment I felt his hand graze my leg. Again, I felt like I should react, but I didn't. Instead I just kept jerking off. He gave my leg a much more deliberate pass, and when I didn't react he began slowly stroking my leg. He moved slowly inwards until he was rubbing my inner thigh. Then he began stroking my balls gently. I rolled my head back and enjoyed the feeling, his other hand grabbed my hand and pulled it off my dick, quickly replacing it with his own.

He started off slow. Painfully slow. I let my hands rest at my side as he leaned over and began working with both his hands. I closed my eyes and let myself just enjoy it. Next thing I knew I felt something warm and wet on my balls. I looked down and saw him gently sucking them while still pumping my dick. He then ran his tongue up my shaft.

"Oh fuck!" I gasped. He circled the head with his tongue and gave my shaft another long lick. He then opened his mouth and began sliding down my dick. He got half way before stopping and going back up to the top. He did this again. And again. Each time going slightly deeper and slightly faster. Before long I felt him reach the bottom. "Holy shit." I gasped again. No girl had ever been able to deep throat me before. It felt awesome.

I knew I wasn't going to last much longer, and I knew he could tell. He started going faster until I couldn't take it. My legs tensed up and he buried his nose in my crotch as far as he could go. I came, shooting my cum deep into his throat. Once I finished he sat back up and wiped his chin.

"See, that wasn't so bad, was it?" he grinned. Sitting back and jacking off again. My mind was in a haze. I didn't know how to feel. I always thought I was straight, but that was amazing. Before long I heard a grunt and looked over just in time to see him empty his load onto his chest. He stood up to go clean himself up. "We should do that again some time." he said, walking away.

I didn't reply, but I knew that I was definitely going to take him up on that offer.