 I had always felt a little different growing up. I was probably a little more sexual than most people were, but it was a private thing. I didn't sleep around or do anything most would consider wild; but nonetheless, a part of me was different from most guys. It is difficult to explain, but it is as if I have lace under my exterior of leather. It wasn't an everyday feeling but something that came about now and again. I never shared this with friends or even girlfriends with whom I had been intimate. I knew they wouldn't understand or be very receptive so I kept it to myself. In college, I began exploring and thinking about these feelings.

Although I am masculine in behavior, I've always had a feminine side, something delicate and sensitive, a receptive nature. I enjoy reading Cosmo and Glamour. After reading different sites on the web, I thought I might be transgender. I tried cross-dressing a couple of times but that wasn't it. Only certain feminine expressions aroused me. I also stopped repressing the occasional same-sex attraction. Only certain men brought about my desire, but it was there. After the break up of a long-term relationship my senior year, I decided to experiment and act upon some of those feelings. I had a couple of experiences with other students whom I met in chat rooms. It was exciting to finally try the things about which I only dared fantasize but I was unsatisfied with complete strangers I saw only once. Anonymous sex was a turn off and was missing something. I need to feel connected before I can enjoy and appreciate something as personal as sex. I had a couple of one-night stands with women and even that pleasure wore off as I matured.

After college, I moved to another state. I landed a job as an assistant manager at a nice restaurant. I became good friends with one of the hostesses. Shelly was engaged but her fiancé lived out of town. I didn't know anyone so we hung out together occasionally. She is open-minded and easy to talk to. One night after a long day and too many drinks, talk turned a little risqué. After daring each other to confess personal things, she confessed she had buggered one of her boyfriends with a strap-on dildo. We laughed and she pressed me for something personal. I thought for a moment then sheepishly said I had had a few bi experiences. She didn't blink and told me of her same-sex flirtations in the dorm. I pretended not to be aroused at the thought smiling at her comment. We continued with a few more embarrassing stories and finally there was a pause. "Well," she blurted, "I know someone. Anyway, you are still new in town and don't know that many people."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Just someone you might like to meet," she continued. "He," she emphasized, "just got out of a long term relationship. You don't know many people so you might hang out, and you know, do whatever."

I felt flush. I was aroused by the 'he' but wished I kept my mouth shut at this point. I wanted to retreat. "I am just kind of bi," I replied. "I can be turned on in that way but I am not interested in a relationship with a man.

"Steve is cool and laid back," she answered. "Don't worry about it. You can't have too many friends."

"That's true," I answered and tried to relax.

She picked up her phone and dialed. "Let's see if he is home," she said nonchalantly.

"No way," I said as I stood. "I don't think this is a good idea."

"Chill," she said. "He is probably home bored and I won't even mention you."

"Thanks," I said, not reassured. The waitress came by and I ordered a couple more drinks, trying not to listen.

"Ok, see you in a few," she finished and ended the call. "Oh, just relax. It is just friends having a drink," she said.

We talked for perhaps twenty minutes when he arrived. Shelly waved him over to the table. Ok, he was an attractive guy. He was tall, lean, and muscular. He gave Shelly a kiss on the cheek then sat. Shelly introduced us.

"Steve, this is Will. He is an assistant manager at the restaurant."

"Nice to meet you," Steve said extending his hand.

I shook and replied, "Nice to meet you too."

"Will is new in town and doesn't know many people," she said looking at me.

"That won't be a problem," Steve said. "This is a friendly town."

"I told Will you're unattached and you might enjoy hanging out," Shelly said. She wouldn't come out and say anything but she implied enough to make me nervous. "And Will is a fun guy, aren't you Will," she continued with a wink.

"Yeah, I suppose," I said with a weak smile.

"He just needs to loosen up," she said with a devilish smile.

We laughed and luckily, the waitress came by with the drinks. I took a large gulp as Steve ordered one. We stayed and chatted for a while then it was time to leave. "Why don't you give me your number and we'll hang out sometime, there are lots of cool places around town," Steve said before we got up to leave. Nervous, I wrote it on a cocktail napkin and handed it to him. This evening had taken an interesting twist.

Luckily, I had to work the next day and was too busy to think of anything but work. Still, images popped into my head occasionally. I pushed them out of my mind and focused on work. On the drive home I began to wonder when Steve and I might get together. I didn't exactly want it to get out that I occasionally enjoyed the company of men. Of course, who is to say he would even be interested. My mind raced. I was home for only about ten minutes and the phone rang. It was Steve. I tried to hide my nervousness and excitement. We chatted for only twenty minutes or so. Steve was disarming and our conversation stuck to general things and didn't get personal. We talked about getting together some time but didn't set any specific day. He did invite me over to swim sometime in his pool.

He called me again the next evening. We exchanged some small talk then talked about getting together. "So, have you thought about coming over for a swim?" he asked.

"Yeah, I think it'd be fun, especially with the heat wave we're having," I replied. We continued with the conversation. It was quickly became sexually charged after his next comment.

"So, Shelly tells me you're bi," he said.

"Umm, sort of, if the situation is right I guess" I replied. We talked a little more and I alternated between being aroused, wondering if he was interested, and being nervous about more people discovering my secret. 'What the hell,' I thought. Shelly had told me a little more about him at work and promised that he was nice and not one to talk about others.

"Shelly hinted you're a little kinky. What did she mean?" he tested.

"I guess there are some kind of kinky things that really turn me on," I said.

"Like what?" he asked.

Ok, I guess I have nothing to lose. I hadn't really discussed this but this is probably someone I can trust so I might as well go for it. Maybe he'll think I am strange but so what. I went for it. "I have never shared this with anyone but I guess being sort of feminine in certain ways kind of does it for me, I don't know why," I confessed.

"Like what?" he asked.

"Well," I responded sheepishly. "There are lots of things like wearing short shorts, shaving my legs, wearing toe rings, anklets, stuff like that."

He laughed and said, "I can see how that can be a turn on. Are you a transvestite?"

"No, I don't want to dress like a woman but there are certain characteristics that are a fetish for me I guess," I replied.

"Well, get yourself ready tomorrow and come over to my pool. Dress or act however you like. I don't judge people. It sounds sexy anyway," he said.

"Ok, I will. I have to admit I am already getting hot thinking about it," I affirmed

"Good. Come over around one and we'll go for a swim," he finished.

"I'll be there," I respond with anticipation. We said our good byes and hung up. I was so aroused I could hardly stand it. I didn't think I could wait until tomorrow. I tossed and tumbled then finally fell asleep.

I woke and drew a bath. I bathed quickly then took my time carefully shaving my legs. I pleasured in the sensation of drying the beaded water off my legs. I sat in the floor and trembled as I rubbed lotion on my body. I pointed my toes as I raised a leg and massaged the lotion into my smooth skin. I felt lightheaded and aroused by the look and feel of them. I rose and went to my room to dress. I slipped into my thong bathing suit and donned a tank top. I pulled on my short cut-offs and left them unbuttoned with the top flaps folded down. I glanced in the mirror and became even more aroused as I saw the curves of my cheeks beneath the bottom of my frayed shorts. I sat and finished by sliding on my two toe rings and an anklet.

The sun was bright and a wave of heat hit me as I opened the door. I felt weak in my stomach as I walked barefoot across the hot concrete to my car. I have always found that strangely arousing. I don't know if the soles of the feet are erogenous for most people, but they are for me. I felt somewhat queasy as I drove, enjoying the sensation of the foot pedals on my bare feet. My body shook with excitement and anticipation; the butterflies danced in my stomach. I arrived at the address and walked around back to the pool. Steve was in the pool as I entered the backyard.

"Welcome," he greeted me. "What do you have?"

"Just a bottle of rum," I answered.

"Great," he replied. "Put it on the bar on the patio." He watched me as I walked to the bar. I felt very aroused but tried to remain neutral. "Pour yourself a margarita," Steve shouted out to me.

"Bring one for me also if you don't mind." I didn't. I poured the drinks then walked to the edge of the pool and handed his glass to him.

"Thanks," he said. "I see you dressed exactly the way you described."

"Yes," I replied nervously as I sipped my drink.

"Sit down, relax," he said.

I felt his eyes on me as I walked away and stretched out on a pool chair. The combination of my dress, the hot patio stones on my feet, and a wet man watching me from the pool aroused me so much, I was numb. I tried to relax and enjoy my drink. Steve moved over to the stairs in the end of the pool and walked out. He was naked. I stared at his lean, muscular body as he exited the pool, the water dripping from him.

"Hope you don't mind, I don't like swim trunks," he stated.

I didn't mind. "It is your pool," I replied as I sat up in my chair.

He grabbed a towel and dried himself. I watched. Then, without realizing it, I stood. He walked towards me and I walked towards him. I couldn't take my eyes off his body. We continued towards each other. He embraced me strongly as I closed my eyes. I felt him move closer to me as his tongue parted my lips. He slid one hand down the inside of the back of my shorts as his wet tongue slid across mine. I sucked on his tongue as he stiffened it in my mouth. We stood French kissing, feeling our bodies against each other. He leaned back and looked at me for a moment. I felt my hips rocking forward as my hardness strained against my shorts.

"Did you bring swim trunks?" he asked, "the threads from your cut-offs will clog the filters."

"Under my shorts" I responded. He smiled then reached down to my shorts with both hands. He struggled a bit, but pulled them down without my help. The shorts fell to my ankles and I walked out of them. He turned, walked to the reclining lounge chair, and sat. The chair squeaked as his body relaxed. I watched him then followed. He stroked his cock as I walked slowly towards him, sliding off my tank top, and trying my best to be erotic. I lay on the bottom end and moved between his legs. He pushed his cock up and wagged it a little. I looked at the knob and took it into my mouth. My stomach did tumbles as I sucked the head gently. I pulled back to look at it again, admiring it as it glistened in the sunlight. I ground my hips into the chair as I turned my head to look behind me. I ground harder as I saw my cheeks in my thong and the sweat and lotion made my shaved legs shine. I felt so sexy dressed this way. I turned back, looked at his face, and deep throated him. He wore a contented look of pleasure on his face, his arms crossed behind his head. I keep his cock deep in my throat as long as possible then began bobbing, sucking, and slurping.

"Suck it," he encouraged.

I continued sucking but occasionally stopped and ran my tongue down his shaft. I licked up and down with my tongue curled around his rod then I flicked his tip with my tongue before continuing to suck. I closed my eyes, savoring the sensation of his cock in my mouth. I relaxed and enjoyed the heat of the sun on my body as I sucked his dick, putting my entire self into it. I tasted the saltiness of his pre-cum as he thrust his hips upward.

"I am about to cum," he murmured. "Just to let you know, so I don't..."

He couldn't finish as I started sucking hard, then deep throated him and held it. I felt his member swell then squirt hard against the back of my throat. I swallowed fast then raised my head. He settled. His body jerked as I licked the last of drops off his tip. I savored the flavor and enjoyed the distinct feel and aftertaste of his cum in my mouth.

"How about a swim now?" I asked.

"Go ahead. I need to rest a little," he replied, finishing with a smile.

I was so completely aroused I felt it from my toes to my head. I slowly rose off the chair. I stood in front of him still wearing only my thong.

"I like to stretch before I do vigorous physical activity," I said. I felt extremely sexy as I turned away from him and slowly spread my feet. I put everything into being slow and sensuous. I raised my arms over my head and stretched them. I bent to stretch my legs. I pushed out my rear to give him a good view. I looked upside down through my legs to watch him and see if he was enjoying the show. I straightened and walked to the pool. I turned to give him a profile of my body as I dipped one toe. I watched as he stared at my hardness outlined against my thong.

"Enjoy your swim," he stated. "I'm going in for a bit."

I turned and dove into the pool. I surfaced and watched him disappear into his house. I enjoyed cooling and swimming for a while. Steve came out of the house, walked to the lounge chair, and sat something on the table. I climbed from the pool and Steve approached me with a towel. He dried me. I walked to the chair, noticed he brought a large jar of Vaseline, and sat. I leaned back, pulled my feet against my ass, and rubbed my inner thighs with my hands. Steve sat on the end of the chair. I slid my thong from under my ass and off so my hard-on could spring free. Without a word, he leaned down and took my cock into his mouth. My stomach sucked in unconsciously; I moaned in appreciation as the heat and wetness of his mouth engulfed me. I grabbed the Vaseline. I removed the lid and sat the jar on my leg. Continuing to suck, he reached into the jar with two fingers. My toes curled tight as I felt him rubbing the greasy, thick cream against my hole. He rose off my cock as he slid a finger into me. I moved a foot towards his face and he grabbed it with his other hand. He sucked my big toe, matching the rhythm of his finger sliding into me. He slid his tongue between my toes as I felt two of his fingers enter me. He alternated between sucking and licking my toes while he loosened my pucker. He removed one of my toe rings with his mouth and showed it to me slid onto the end of his tongue. He slid it on with his mouth, pushing it on with his teeth.

"Put it in," I requested.

He grabbed the Vaseline and stuck his manhood into the bottle. He pulled his cock from the jar, the head covered in the thick grease. He stroked his shaft a couple of times. He pushed up my legs and I put one leg on his shoulder, the other rested on his arm as he prepared to enter me. I felt his head part my crease. He pushed against my ring and moved his cock up and down. I took a deep breath then relaxed. He pushed against me then pulling back making a little smack sound as he pushed a little deeper each time. I winced a little as I felt him press harder, his manhood eager to explore me. I pushed out and felt him pop in and I dropped my leg off his shoulder. He paused for a moment then continued, sliding into my canal, joining our bodies.

"You're tight," he said breathlessly.

He leaned forward and sucked my nipples. I wrapped my arms around him and pulled until he was buried inside me. He stopped for a moment as I felt his weight on me. We kissed and I drove my tongue into his mouth. He gently eased in and out until I adjusted, and then began rhythmically fucking me, nibbling my ear and licking my neck. I spread my legs wider, my toes pointed to the sky, and pulled him into me with every thrust as he drove me against the creaking chair. He quickened his pace and his breathing became louder. I closed my eyes, feeling his hot breath on my neck, listening to our bodies slap together, and focusing on the sensation of his hammering cock. Like a machine, he showed my hole no mercy. Finally, when I thought I could take no more, he creamed hard, with three hard, quick thrusts. I felt him relax. He slowly pulled away until his bulb slid free. Juice leaked from me. He quickly reached for my rod with his hand. He sat up and began jerking me with both hands. I arched, tensed, and exploded hard shooting my load across my chest. He toweled my chest then my backside. He kissed me playfully. We sat still for a moment gaining our breaths and composure.

"Wow," he said, "That was nice."

"Yes, it was incredible," I replied. "I really needed that."

"Me and you both," he said.

"I hope that's not all for today."

"Not by a long shot," he answered. "I think we could be good friends."

"Me too," I replied. He stood and tossed the towel to the ground. I stood and grabbed him, pulling his naked body firm against mine and kissing him deeply. We separated and started towards the house. We held hands as we walked.

"Let's grab a snack and I'll give you a tour," Steve said.

"Great, I'd love to see the bedroom," I said suggestively.

"That can be arranged," he replied with a smirk.