 Hey this is my first submission of work hope you all enjoy and feel free to comment and give feedback.

Also would like to thank allaboutne for the help on editing.

*****

My names Jake: I'm currently 23 years old, 5 ft 8 athletic build, I have multiple tattoos, white, brown short hair and I wear glasses. Basically I pull off a nerdy lithe look. This event took place during my senior year of high school. I always labeled myself straight, completely heterosexual, never having a sexual thought about the same sex. I wasn't too popular but I wasn't an outcast either, I had luck with the ladies hooking up with around 5 or 6 at this time. My closest friend during my high school and junior high years was Morgan. Morgan and I met when I was 12 and he was 13. We did everything together, from playing to homework, from talking about chicks to sleep over's, basically we knew everything about each other, or so I thought. I find myself looking back and laughing sometimes, on how close we were and how much I didn't know about him.

Well I was 18 years old at the time Morgan just went off to a local college down the road so we stayed in touch and still talked but weren't as close. I'll go ahead and describe Morgan, really tan, black hair, same height as me, around my weight 140lbs athletic and he was a pretty hot guy especially with his Cali surf attitude. Even back in school I always thought so, but I figured you didn't have to be attracted to someone you thought was a hot, especially if you had known them for years, you were bro's and could tell each other anything. Well now that u know a little of our background I'll start from the call that changed everything. I just got home from school, just in time to answer the phone to catch Morgan. He was calling to tell me he would be out of school for spring break so he had free time to chill, catch up, and party. Of course I told him I was down, which he replied telling me to head on over to his apartment so we could chill and discuss plans.

I got ready feeling stoked to see my buddy. I hadn't seen him in months. When I got there Morgan invited me in with a tight hug and the normal conversation starters. We proceeded to open a few beers and discuss his new found college life and how things had changed. When the subject changed to sex and how easy it was to pick up women on campus. This was normal until he continued and it got a little weird.

He laughs, "Man you have no idea how easy it is to hook up here. Just last week my roommate and I, Chad. Tag teamed this English literature major".

My response, " Hell yeah, I've never thought about a threesome unless it was just me and 2 girls thought."

But he continued. "It's no different just an extra dick to put in one of her holes." he says.

"But what if u touch dicks or accidentally like get aroused by him" I say sort of shocked but realizing I'm getting tipsy.

"Then the hotter it gets, there's nothing wrong with it. It's our bodies' natural instinct, to be sexually free. What? You never once thought of men sexually"? he questioned.

"No...well not really, one time I clicked on a bi porn and kinda got really horny watching the man on man on woman, but still I've always put the thoughts away." I said.

"Well what if I told you that I was bi and I think it's hot and healthy. And what if I told you that I could maybe help you with thoughts or questions u may have." He said with a hint of a different tone.

"I dunno. Maybe," I chuckled nervously. "I'd have to think about it." Thinking to myself 'am I really considering talking about this with my best friend?' then I started to realize that I was getting a little turned on by the aspect of a new taboo especially with someone I've known for so many years. I won't lie I've caught glimpses of him and wondered what it'd be like but I was straight or so I thought.

"Well shit I'm gonna flip on this bi porn and well see if you like it, plus I'm kinda uncomfortable over here so I'm gonna relieve myself", he said laughing, as if he didn't just say that he was about to jack off to some gay porn.

"OK that's fine, but what about your roommate isn't he in the other room?" I asked nervously, my cock getting a little harder.

"Yeah but he's probably asleep or busy whacking it as well, and honestly I don't care, I'm sorta buzzed and talking about possibly helping you explore your kinks has me kinda horny."

Just then Morgan flipped on some movie of this brunette with nice tits on her knees switching between two pretty nice sized cocks, 'wait why am I looking at the cocks thinking they're nice looking, I can't look away... My eyes are stuck on their cocks.' I thought taking in a deep breath feeling my throat grow dry.

"So what would u say to at least joining me in pulling your dick out so I'm not the only one exposed?" he says chuckling.

I looked over to see him, 'Morgan's naked from the waist down sporting a deliciously clean shaved 8 or so inch, moderately thick, wait did I just say delicious. What's going on here?' My eyes blink hard as my mind races, 'I thought I was straight?' I thought to myself but then noticed that I subconsciously pulled my pants and boxers down to play with my 8 ½" cut dick.

"Looks like you're as horny as I am. So what got u going; the curiosity, the porn, maybe the girl sucking the cocks, maybe the aspect of sucking my cock?" He questioned, his eyes on me and for the first time I saw lust in his eyes directed at me.

He was right I was rock hard and yes I was thinking about what if it were me sucking those cocks or better yet sucking Morgan's. 'Could I even fit it in my mouth, what would it taste like, what do I do when he comes, can I make him come?' I gulped looking down at his cock, watching as his fist gripped the base and stroked up to the tip.

"Yeah your right I am hard, I guess it was the fact that I am curious about tasting a cock, maybe yours," I replied so horny I couldn't believe what I just said.

"Well if your serious about it then come on over and try it out. Ur secrets safe with me bro, but I won't lie I've honestly thought about trying to get u to try it out sooner." He chuckled releasing his cock and spreading his legs watching me.

With that I rose out of my chair kicked my pants all the way off and to the side. I nervously walked over to him, my erection bouncing with every step I took to get to Morgan's chair never breaking eye contact with his beautiful cock, I slowly dropped to my knees but before I could get closer Morgan rose up.

"If you're really gonna suck your first cock, my cock, then we're gonna do it right. Me standing instructing you on your knees, on how to be a good cock sucker." He said walking to meet me, his dick sticking out. I couldn't believe how he just talked to me and yet I loved it.

I reached for his cock to have my hand slapped away. "No hands a good cock sucker doesn't use hands and is always opens his mouth willing to suck the cock presented to him. You always swallow and keep eye contact with me. OK boy." he said sternly.

I was so turned on by his demeanor, his dominance, his masculinity, his cock. Even more than that I was about to become his cock sucker and I welcomed it. He looked down at me as I assumed the position on my knees biting down on my bottom lip before my mouth opened, looking directly into his eyes. He stepped forward and slowly slid his thick meaty member into my awaiting mouth. Once the tip of his cock pushed passed my lips, panic almost over took me until his scent hit me. He smelled fresh like he'd just got out of the shower, a side of cologne also mingled with it making my mouth water as I kept my mouth open.

The tip of my tongue pushing up to his cock as my lips closed lightly around his cock, my eyes staying on his. I can't explain it but the taste was of a bit too salty yet I wanted more. Right then, as I allowed his shaft to slide deeper into my mouth a hum of pleasure came from my virgin mouth, I realized I loved cock, I love the way it tastes, the way it feels in my mouth, and most of all the fact that I can control the moment it erupts. Once he got about half way in I began to gag slightly but he stopped and told me to relax and breathe thru my nose which helped a lot.

He kept pushing and pulling back a little then push more until he was fully in my throat, all 8 beautiful inches. It was a challenge but I wanted to please this cock, I wanted to please Morgan. So I tried to do what I saw in the porn and what I wanted to be done to me. I took control and slowly slid off of his cock to slowly take it back in my mouth all the way. The whole time I kept eye contact, didn't use my teeth and only used my mouth until Morgan said otherwise.

I began to get a good rhythm sliding my wet lips up and down his cock, and flicking my tongue across the head. I licked his dick up and down like I was savoring a lollipop, a cock meat lollipop. Eventually I was allowed to use my hands so I started stroking his shaft with my left hand while kneading his soft hairless balls with the other. I knew I was doing it right because I consistently heard Morgan grunt and chant all kinds of great remarks like, yeah good boy, or good cock sucker, take it all, yeah that's it play with those balls, yeah you want my load don't you. To which I stopped but kept stroking his shaft to answer yes please.

I went back to sucking him off till I felt him tense and pull back which caused me to lunge open mouthed like a lost puppy wanting more. He began to ferociously jack off his dick aiming at my mouth which I instinctively held open awaiting my prize. I wondered if I would like it, and what it would taste like but I was so horny that I didn't care. Hell my own dick never softened just kept oozing precum the entire time I worshipped his cock.

After a few moments of stroking he tensed up and unleashed about 4 or 5 thick hot loads hitting me in the mouth, on my cheek and nose. I proceeded to clean his cock off and extract all of his tasty seed because I'll be honest he tasted amazing and I wanted every drop. When he went limp I proceeded to scoop up the rest of his cum that was on my face and eat it. Damn, what happened to me I became such a cock whore in a matter of hours but I never felt more alive ha-ha

Morgan laid back on his couch exhausted breathing heavily commending me on my efforts.

"Damn bro, you sure you never done that before."

"Yeah man that was totally new to me."

"Well what did you think?"

"I really liked it, never thought I'd like sucking cock, but it feels empowering and honestly I wanna do it again."

"Well you're more than welcomed to worship my cock anytime. For your first time u did outstanding as a beginner cock sucker, but I'll teach you more and more. Now from the looks of it, it seems like you could use help getting off."

After finishing his sentence he got up, helped me up to sit on the edge of the couch and dropped to his knees and proceeded to give me one of the best blowjobs I've ever gotten. It's totally true, only a man knows what a man wants. While sucking my cock, working the cum from my balls toward an epic release Morgan slid from my shaft to my balls to licking his way to my hole. Now, I've never played or had anything mess with my ass before so this was completely foreign to me.

I shot up but eased back down when I felt his tongue begin to lick and prod my anal entrance. All the while maintaining a good rhythm on my dick. And oh-my-god I've never felt feelings like that ever, it felt like pure Ecstasy. He eventually flipped me over to really get into my hole. Licking and making out with it sending me writhing and moaning loud from intense feelings. I arched my back wanting his tongue deeper then he surprised me by slipping a lubricated finger into my hole. He slowly and gently worked his middle finger in and out while stroking my cock from behind. At first it kind of hurt but the pain slowly eased away and I started feeling very good.

Then he eased two fingers, and then three fingers all slowly and expertly working my hole until eventually he had a good rhythm of stroking my cock and three fingers grinding in my hole. And man did it feel amazing!! I never thought your ass could feel so good when being played with. Once he had me well loosened and comfortable with his fingering he leaned forward, still fingering my ass and asked me if I would like to replace these with something a tad bigger?

I nodded and gasped saying "yeah"

He returned my answer with "I can't hear you, beg for my cock to penetrate and pop your cherry, tell me you want me to fuck you silly and make u my bitch."

I hesitated and he pulled his fingers out, that's when I felt the emptiness so I quickly said. "Please slide your big cock up my ass...please take my cherry Sir...I want it so bad please fuck me silly and make me your bitch...I deserve a good fucking. Show my ass who it belongs to." I had no idea where all that came from, it was as if I had an inner slut waiting to come out and Morgan was the one who unlocked it.

I looked back, lifting my ass to see him smile. "Good boy, as long as your good and listen I'll make sure you feel good, I always knew you would be a good cock sucker, didn't know I could make u a bottom bitch too but that saves me time...so you ready for this cock boy?"

"Yes give it to me"

Morgan proceeded to slowly push his bulbous head against my ass. "Damn bud you're so tight, I love it. I'll loosen you up good no worries." And it hurt a lot!! I felt instant burning once his head popped through my wall and into my ass. I even jumped a little but he held me down and had a firm grasp on my hips. "Just breathe, relax, push out while I push in...I promise it'll start to feel better."

And I did exactly as he said, and he was right the more I breathed and the more I relaxed the less it hurt. He kept pushing and waiting to let me get use to his thickness, then I felt his hips flush with my ass which made me feel proud. My first time and I took all of him. He started to slowly grind and pull back a little and push forward then he would pull back further and push back all the way in. Eventually the pain completely subsided and my ass got used to it and that's when I fully understood why guys love to be fucked in the ass. I started feeling sudden euphoria every time he pulled back and pushed in and each time he pushed all the way in he hit something that made me moan and gasp in ecstasy.

Eventually he got into a good rhythm of sliding in and all the way out, then he would drive it back in to the hilt causing me to moan load again. After a good couple minutes he began to speed up and really fuck me, and it felt fantastic. That day Morgan turned me gay and opened my eyes to a new pleasure and I loved every second of it.

He would grab and caress my ass cheeks, randomly slap them making me squeal and thrust back, he'd reach underneath and squeeze and stroke me laughing telling me that I love getting pounded because my cock was so hard right then. He was right I fucking loved it, having my face buried in a couch cushion while this sexy tanned stud fed his beautiful cock deep into my ass over and over. Telling me how this was his ass, how tight I was, asking if I liked it, saying fuck yeah or take it bitch take it, and even teasing or calling me dirty vulgar things which only caused me to thrust back into his cock or moan my acceptance.

Hell at one point during his endless pounding of my ass he flipped me over so he could show me what an orgasm feels like, and it was amazing. He had my legs spread, greased his hand and began to pump my cock while he furiously fucked my ass so hard and so deep I just laid there open mouthed and took it like a beautiful bitch. His bitch. Then I went almost blind from cumming so hard and tensing up which caused him to pull out and erupt all over my abs. Afterwards we both laid there trying to regain our strength to walk to the shower and clean up.

Later that night we fucked two more times, both with me accepting his cock in any position he wanted, I sucked him off as well one more time and once in the morning as a surprise. Even to this day we still hook up. I've learned that I'm a cum slut, cock sucking, bottom bitch that loves to submit and I'm ok with that.