 It had been a somewhat stressful week. I work as an international antiques dealer, you see. My work takes me all over, with a lot of tiring travel. As I near fifty, it is getting noticeably harder. Having said that, I do keep myself in excellent shape with a lot of working out and expensive beauty therapies, and my mind remains sharp and youthful due to my fine lifestyle and intellectual pursuits. Many people would peg me at late 30s, and a good late 30s at that.

Well anyway, it was Friday night, and I had just returned home to my luxurious house just outside New York. It was my spiritual retreat and amidst the constant high society and high culture of my profession, and I didn't mind spending time in the more provincial suburbs. Many of these people should be so boring, so predictable, so utterly status quo in their lives. Yet I had grown fond of many of my neighbours. They weren't such a bad bunch and I had entertained many of them, knowing full well that these repressed types were desperate for sex. Many of the supposedly loyal husbands couldn't wait to have their cock sucked by an expert (moi), and I had even let some of the desperate housewives enter my boudoir. I don't normally go for that sort of thing, but a hole is a hole and I was admittedly turned on by the idea of buggering both husband and wife in secret.

I am originally from Singapore, although my parents were British. My accent is upper class English, a product of my periods in boarding school and the inevitable old fashioned, isolated expat community out in the Far East. At boarding school I dabbled in homosexuality, as many confused and experimenting young chaps do. However, I didn't grow out of that phase. During my college years in Harvard I seduced many young men, both gay and straight. I'd never really settled with one person and, although nearing fifty, was still actively having fun. Although I'd hit a barren patch and hadn't so much as received hand relief for several months.

I poured myself a large glass of pinot gris and changed into my Oriental style robe, with nothing on underneath. I might watch some pornography later and fantasize about some young stud I had worked with before enjoying a soak in the bath.

I put down my glass and collected up the trash which had accumulated. Taking it outside on a warm and balmy eve, I observed my neighbor over the road at his door. Bradley, a nice enough chap, although a little overweight for my liking. He had some years ago attempted to pick me up. I'm not convinced he's gay, more that his bloated wife failed to deliver the oral stimulation that he so craved. Thinking I would be an easy alternative, he drunkenly whipped his pathetic little penis out during a dinner party, while I was in the back fetching the wine. I politely declined, managing to stop myself from vomiting. Now, the only thing he was picking up was evidently pizza.

Well, I didn't think twice about the young man delivering the pizza. But when old Brad shut his door and headed inside to eat away his sexual frustration, and the delivery guy turned to depart, I saw who it was. The man in the pizzeria polo was the son of some neighbors of mine. They moved in a few years previously, and I'd met them shortly after at a local party. Their son was with them - Chad I think his name was. He was just a teenager at this point, 17 or 18. Yes, 18 years old, and I remember he was just about to go off to college.

Well, he'd clearly returned. Cripes, he must have just finished up with his degree and come back home. How time flies. I guess this was a summer job or something part time as he looked to get a job. Well, he was now a strapping young man, but still clearly gay. He was gorgeous from afar, and I wanted to see if he was as delectable closer up. He had slightly long hair, a smooth face, and a toned but slim body. Nicely effeminate -- not a big beefcake but something I'd enjoying bending over and buggering.

I went into the house and turned to the internet for the local pizza establishment. I quickly found our nearest, and the logo was the same as the one on Chad's top. How that polo would be better on the floor with the rest of his clothes, as he bent over to open his smooth, pert cheeks for me to enter.

I was really in the mood now. I thought back to Chad. He'd been very obviously gay when I met him. One of those men who are really effeminate, that one knows sucked cock just from looking at them. By the way he minced down from my neighbor's drive, his campness had only increased. I guess a few years away at college had allowed him to open up. Probably got a whole lot dick, I chuckled, remembering my own exploits when I was his age.

'Good evening,' I said after I'd dialled the number. 'Could I please have a medium pepperoni delivered. 101 Walnut Avenue. Yes. Please. No thanks. I'll pay in cash. Thank you so much.' I prayed quietly to myself that it would indeed be Chad and not some other surly youth. I poured myself another large glass and waited.

'Please, do come in,' I said politely when he arrived. 'Just stick the pizza on the counter and I shall fetch your cash young man.' I introduced myself as I fetched the money, and took a healthy tip.

'Yeah, I remember you. We've met a couple time before.'

'Quite right. Last time I believe you were on the brink of embarking for college.'

'Yeah sure was. Wow, time flies, huh? I've just finished up and I'm back now, living with the folks as I sort my life out.'

'It's an unsafe and insecure time of one's life. All I can say is grab the opportunities with which you are presented.'

I gave him his money, and his eyes widened at the sight of the tip. He thanked me profusely.

'Do you have many more deliveries today?

'No, you're the last. I'm off home. It's been a long day and I'd like a drink!'

'Ah excellent. Would you like a glass of wine now? I won't finish this bottle myself.'

'Err,' he stuttered.

'Go on.' He thanked me and took a glass, downing half in one greedy gulp. I looked him up and down. Yes, nice pretty features, and although he was slim there was enough on his hips to imply he'd be a good lay. As I handed him a glass my fingers brushed his, and I caught his eye. And that moment I'd established a sexual tension, and he didn't run home, so it could only get better from here.

We chatted for a few minutes and he got comfortable. I sat down and ensured my robe came open a little, exposing my thighs. I saw him looking.

'I hope this isn't too personal but are you gay?'

'I am,' he replied.

'I thought so. I am too.'

'Yeah, I wondered.'

'Tell me, did you have much fun at college with the boys?'

'Oh yes, I really had a lot of dick,' he said, looking pleased with himself.

'I'll bet. A lot of frat boys wanting their cocks sucked by a delightful little gay?'

'You bet. I love blowing guys, especially straight ones, and they were so willing to have me service them when they couldn't get pussy.'

'Hmm, I can imagine. When I was your age I worked my way through the entire football team. Blowjobs mostly, but a couple were into using my ass. I even sucked off a couple of professors for better grades. Terribly naughty I know. Tell me Chad, now you're back home, are you missing all that erotic pleasure.'

'Yeah,' he sighed. 'Not too many opportunities out here.'

'You'd be surprised,' I said with a smile. I undid my robe and let it fall to the floor. 'How would you like to suck my cock?'

He smiled and walked over. He dropped to his knees willingly and I put my hand on his head, pushing him into my pointed penis to assert my dominance. I loved being in charge of young effeminate homosexuals, treating them almost like submissive women, but with a much tighter back passage than any woman's wet pussy.

He was quite good I must admit. A lot of technique, nicely firm lips, plenty of tongue. Soon he was hungrily sliding up and down my slick member. I hadn't had a release for quite some time so I decided that I would leave this blowjob be after a couple of minutes. If I wanted a repeat any time soon I just had to order a pizza. My own gay to order, delightful.

'Stand up,' I ordered gently. He rose to his feet.

'Turn around.' He did exactly as I said. I walked over. Reaching out, I squeezed his buttocks. Mm, nicely firm yet soft. My fingers went to his waistband and I pushed the shorts down. They fell easily to his ankles.

Then I removed the tight boxers and his lilywhite ass was on display. It was lighter than the rest of his tanned body, encasing the round buttocks. There was no hair anywhere, so he looked very feminine. I was licking my lips in anticipation for this delectable fuck. I spanked him to show my dominance and he gasped, then made a noise to show his appreciation. I spanked his other cheek and told him what a gorgeous ass he had.

'Are you going to be my slut?'

'Oh, yes, sir, please make me your willing little slut. My gay ass is here for your pleasure, big man!'

I grabbed the lubricant that I had ready and greased up my hard penis. I jerked myself to full strength and ordered him to strip completely. In a second his clothes were throw aside and his gorgeous, effeminate body was exposed and waiting. There is nothing more delightful that a pair of ripe young buttocks ready to take my manhood.

I positioned my throbbing penis at his entrance and pushed against the tight hole. There was a little resistance at first, but I'd fingered him well, used plenty of lube, and he probably was used to it. Eventually I slipped in and he gasped. It was tight, it was wet, it was warm. I eased in, slowly, with each thrust getting deeper. My penis obviously filled him up but I think he liked it -- he certainly made the noises of sexual pleasure. I reached around to feel if he was hard and indeed his cock was pointing to the ceiling with no help.

'Don't touch it yet! I'll blow my load!' he pleaded. I let go. I increased my tempo until I was pumping his ripe young buttocks with my firm pole. I spanked and squeezed him as I did so. His whimpering was high pitched and womanly.

'Oh, yes, sir, please make me your willing little slut. My gay ass is here for your pleasure, big man!'

I gave him such a good fucking that he was crying in pleasure. When I was nearing the end I reached around and started to masturbate his hard penis. It didn't take him long. Within thirty seconds I heard him grunt and then felt his body tighten. He came buckets, shooting ropes over my kitchen floor. Thank God it wasn't on carpet.

His already tight asshole suddenly tightened evening more as he ejaculated, and I let go, filling him with my seed. I could feel it was a large quantity. When I was all done I slipped out, noticing my semen oozing out of his puckered little hole.

'Well,' I said, panting. 'I feel hungry after that!'

We polished off the pizza and wine, still naked. After we'd eaten we were both getting hard again. I was quite pleased with this as I am by no means a young man any more. I reached out and started massaging his firm, warm rod. His eyes closed. I added some lubricant and he started to breath heavily. I jerked quickly with my left hand massaging his swollen testicles. Then he breathed in and shot another impressive load all over my chest, stomach and penis.

'Stand up,' I ordered. 'You've been a naughty boy getting me dirty like that without permission. Now turn around.' He did, and bent over the counter, his light ass once again pushed out for me. I spanked him, twice on each cheek. Then I covered my penis in his juices and went again for his hole. This time I went in more easily but he felt no less tight inside. Such a snug little passage. I went for longer this time too, and in about ten minutes his penis was sticking out again. Ahh, youth. I was ever the gentleman and finished him off, watching a now more modest stream of cum shoot out across my floor.

'Now, on your knees,' I told him. He did as I said and sat there, naked, as I jerked myself to completion. I truly covered him in semen, and it dribbled down his face and abs. 'Good boy,' I congratulated after I'd got my breath back.

He left shortly thereafter. I told him I'd be ordering again soon and he smiled.

***

A fortnight later I found myself at home alone one Friday evening. This was the perfect opportunity I'd been waiting for. I took the phone and dialled. I asked if Chad was working, and the chap told me he was leaving soon. Perfectly timed. I ordered a pizza and hoped that the young gay would be dispatched to me, the final run of the evening so he'd have all the time in the world to be screwed by me.

I stripped and put on my robe, with nothing on below. I took a Viagra to help me, as I wanted to make the most of the opportunity. I then poured a delicious merlot and waited.

Half an hour later I heard the door bell. I opened the door in my robe. I knew from the outline in the door glass that it was him.

'Good evening,' I said. He smiled and minced in. I shut the door and he turned.

'Brought your pizza, sir, would you like anything else?'

'Yes please,' I replied. I undid my rob and let it fall. My cock bobbed up and down. 'Suck that.'

He got to his knees and started to blow me. It was magnificent. He was slower this time, carefully building up with patience. It didn't take me long to get hard but he was teasing this time. His soft tongue lapped delicately over my testicles. His hands worked in conjunction with his mouth too.

'OK, as amazing as this is, I need to enter you.'

'Yes sir!'

'My bedroom is upstairs, first on the left. Strip and lie down. I'll get ready.'

He obediently went upstairs. I'd left some lubricant on the bed so hopefully he'd get the hint and ready himself. I drained my glass of wine, put the pizza on a plate and in the oven to stay warm, then slowly made my way upstairs.

As I entered I saw a delightful site. He'd managed to tie his wrists to the bedpost with his t shirt, and was lying naked and exposed, his bottom pressed upwards. From the glistening moisture running down the crack I could tell that he had liberally applied the oil and readied himself. With any luck he had fingered himself royally to allow for a swift entrance.

I marvelled at the light skinned, rounded bottom as I climbed the bed silently. I poured lubricant on my own penis and then shuffled between his soft, bare, hairless thighs. I rubbed my penis in his crack, slipping between the buttocks. Then I grabbed his gorgeous cheeks and prized them apart, letting my cock find its way to his puckered hole. Thankfully with the Viagra I was hard as anything, throbbing in fact, and with all the lubricant I slipped in easily. I was firmer this time, not going in quite so slowly and gently, desiring to truly dominate this young gay and show him what submissive really meant.

He gasped as I thrusted myself in and out of his opening hole. Just fantastic. The sensation was mind blowing. His skin was so soft as well... I felt almost guilty as I spanked and fucked him. Almost.

Within a couple of minutes I felt the familiar sensation of an orgasm building, as I was so unbelievably horny. I didn't warn him, just let go and had a screaming orgasm deep inside his bottom. I lay down, still inside, and kissed his soft neck. He lay there like a good boy and engaged in some dirty talk while I listened.

His dirty talk worked well with the Viagra, for I was soon ready for round too. I filled him up again and started to thrust. Then I ordered him up on his knees, put ensured his head remained pressed to the pillow. I gripped his peachy buttocks firmly and thrust firmly, slipping deep inside and hitting his prostate. He was enjoying it, even though his cries of pleasure were somewhat muffled by my expensive bellows. The mattress sprung up and down in accordance with our wild lovemaking.

I reached forward and undid the wrist tie from the headpost, and flipped him on his back. I kept his hands tied together, I liked that touch. Very sexy and submissive. I continued to fuck him on his back, holding his ankles up high as I thrust.

I reached forward and took his hard penis in my hand, massaging if vigorously. Again, it didn't take long to explode, and he drowned his torso in his own semen.

At this point I decided we'd be a little naughty.

'How would you like to soak in my hot tube?'

'Oh, gee, that sounds good. Won't people see?'

'Oh no, young man. The shrubs on one side conceal my neighbors to the West. To the East, well, they are away. And I wouldn't worry, I see the Balzaks engaged in coitus at least weekly. I think they are exhibitionists, as one must call them.'

We headed outside and entered the warm water. It was a cool evening, a light breeze hitting our naked, sweaty bodies and highlighting our nudity. But I wasn't here to soak. I sat up on the ledge and had him suck provide another top quality blowjob. I let him go for quite some time.

'Now I need that tight little bottom again,' I said. He dutifully turned around and offered up his ass. This was delightful, out in the cold, buggering a delivery boy. I slipped in and went for it, his cries of joy resounding around the neighborhood. I came inside him and we had a relaxing soak in the tub.

***

The next few Fridays in a row we would follow this same pattern. Chad would come round to deliver a pizza, he'd suck my cock, and I'd fuck him. I even started giving him blowjobs to as a treat. All the while though he remained my submissive toy, eager to pleasure me, his master. It was such a turn on the whole affair.

Well, soon enough he announced he was leaving. He had found work in the city and would be moving to an apartment. It was a shame but I'd had my fun. We'd even made love in the garden when the neighbors were home. I didn't let him know but I'd noticed them. They'd watched then gone off to have their copulation themselves in an open window.

A few months later I was driving home when I noticed Brett from number 90 opening his door to a pizza delivery. The chap was new. I would have to test this out...