 It all started in Women's Studies. I was chatting with some half-closeted freshman who couldn't be bothered to come out and say what he wanted - to fuck my little sissy ass - when the professor started calling around the room for answers to a question I hadn't even heard.

I turned to my roommate, Dylan. He was 6'4" and built like Superman, and I'd have let him fuck me in an instant...but of course, he was straight as an arrow. He always sat next to me in this lecture, since I was the only guy he knew, and even an effeminate fag provided better solidarity than sitting alone.

"What did she say?"

He leaned over, smelling like sandalwood aftershave and drug store shampoo. "Name a way that men could put themselves in a woman's position out in the real world."

I laughed. As a full-on sissy bottom who wore panties every day and owned several miniskirts, I didn't have any problem putting myself in the feminine position. In fact, if this dumbass 18 year old ever got his shit together, I'd be taking some pretty feminine positions this afternoon.

But that wouldn't fly for this class. The professor made it clear from day one that she wasn't going to give me a pass for being queer; even gay boys need to learn about patriarchal oppression and all that.

So, when she got to me, I said, "If men really want to know what it's like to be a woman, they should try shaving their legs. It's a huge pain in the ass and totally uncomfortable most of the time, but you can't know what it's like until you do it."

The professor seemed genuinely impressed that I'd contributed something useful, so I buried my nose in my computer until the end of class to compensate. The freshman disappeared in our chat, but he might come back later. I think he must have really cum all over himself after I sent him the photo of me getting fucked from behind by my ex. If that didn't bring him back, he probably was straight after all.

I flinched when I noticed Dylan looking at my screen, but I don't think he saw anything. Everyone else was packing up while I was waiting for a reply from some desperate kid so he could come over and fuck me... maybe I was a little desperate too. I hadn't had a regular dick in my life for six months now, and the dildo I kept in my bedside table just wasn't cutting it anymore.

"So which one are you going to do?"

I closed my laptop and looked up at Dylan. "Which one what?"

He smiled handsomely. "The exercise she assigned? Go out and do something to experience life as the other gender?"

I missed that part. "Oh. I guess she wants a write-up too?"

"You got it," he said. "Describe the experience in detail, and all that."

"I'll come up with something," I said. Probably, I'd fake it at the last minute. I had other things to do before then.

"Oh, okay." He looked a little off, but I didn't pay it much attention. Did he want to do it together or something? I wasn't really interested.

Later, I was holed up in my room, trying to reel in my latest catch. Fresh meat had come back after all, but he was still reluctant to meet in person. He kept asking to see me with the dildo in my ass, even though I was just about begging him to come over and give me the real thing. I'd encouraged him to masturbate to me, but I wasn't a porn star. In this instance, I actually wanted my audience to come participate.

That's when I heard Dylan knock at the door to my room. We were lucky to find an apartment that we could both afford and had functioning locks on the interior doors. Otherwise, it might have been hard to stop Dylan from entering and seeing me in all kinds of compromising positions, though I've found myself wishing he would more and more these days. I really needed to get laid.

"Uh...hey, Felix? Are you in there?"

"Uh, yeah, Dylan?" Of course I was in my room. He'd seen me come in here.

"I, um, I could use your help with something."

I looked down at my naked body and the butt plug I had inserted to loosen me up while I tried to convince my chat buddy to come over and be my fuck buddy for the evening. "I'm kind of in the middle of something. Can it wait till later?"

"...no, not really. I think I made a mistake."

He sounded kind of scared. I wasn't sure what he'd done, but if he was nervous or embarrassed, it was probably for a good reason. Still, I didn't want to give up on my booty call, so I grabbed a tight fitting thong to keep my plug in and threw on soft shorts and a t-shirt. With any luck, this wouldn't take more than a minute and I could return to seducing shy, young gay boys.

I opened the door and found a mostly naked Dylan with a panicked expression, a pink razor, and a bare patch of thigh with several nicks that welled with bright red blood. A mere towel was the only covering between his muscular form and my hungry eyes, and I thought I could see the barest outline of his cock against the fabric.

"Can you help me?" He was frank in his plea, although I don't think he knew how provocative his appearance was to my already excited body.

"You're shaving your legs," I said, dumbly.

"Yeah," he replied. "You said it was a good idea, for the assignment?"

My brain took a minute, but it caught up. "Oh, right. Holy shit, you're actually doing it?"

He blushed marvelously! He adjusted his towel with nervous energy, and my heart started beating out of my chest. "It seemed like a good idea..."

This was a once in a lifetime opportunity. My totally hot, totally straight roommate was asking me to help him shave his legs. This meant I'd be watching him, nearly naked, as he tried to remove hair all the way up to his groin probably. Did he want me to do it for him? My mouth watered at the thought of getting my hands that close to his cock.

Then again, he was still straight and probably going to tear his skin to shreds if I didn't help him. He didn't need me perving out on him when he was freaked like this.

"Okay, just head back in there and give me a second. I'll be right there."

He smiled with relief and scampered back to the bathroom while I tried to think. I still had the plug in my ass and a total hard-on. I probably should have removed it, but the entire situation was making me even hornier than I'd already been before. When I was finished helping him shave, I was going to come back here and pound my ass with the biggest dildo I owned.

Dylan was sitting on the toilet lid, waiting mostly patiently, though his leg was bouncing up and down with nervous energy. He was still clutching the pink razor, and a bottle of shaving cream sat nearby.

I did my best to avoid staring at his crotch, but his muscular torso wasn't much better on my straining cock. "Okay, first things first: did you shower and exfoliate before you started?"

Dylan blushed and shook his head. "I...kind of thought that was optional?"

I sighed. "Rookie mistake. Hop in the shower and use that scrub in the green bottle. You can't shave your legs if they're covered in dead skin. That's why you keep nicking yourself."

He set the razor down on the sink and got the shower running. "Thanks for helping me, Felix. I was way over my skis on this one."

"No problem. I sort of got you into this mess, so it's only fair for me to get you out of it "

Dylan looked back at me and smiled his big, shy grin. Then he dropped the towel and jumped in the shower, the curtain closing behind him.

My heart skipped a beat. All of the feelings jumped into my throat at once. One, Dylan's ass was just as sculpted as his abs. Two, he trimmed his bush down into a neat tuft. Three, his dangling, flaccid cock was larger than some of the men I'd been with when they were fully erect. Four, that cock was going to be in my mouth or my ass before the night was through or I would go totally nuts.

Fuck altruism - Dylan was going bi tonight, even if I had to shave his pubes. This was a golden opportunity, and I would do anything it took to get my hands on that beautiful cock. With any luck, I'd have him pounding my ass within the hour.

"Shit, that stings!"

I stopped daydreaming. "Oh, sorry. It's a sea salt scrub. Probably a little harsh on those cuts."

Dylan let out a hiss between his teeth. "Just a bit. I think I'm good though. My legs feel pretty smooth."

He cut the shower and I handed him a towel. I tried to angle our fingers close enough to 'accidentally' brush, but no luck. He came out glistening wet like some romance novel, towel wrapped around his waist.

"Alright, what's next?"

I gulped and pointed to the tub. "Let's start with your calves. Put one foot up on the tub."

Dylan did so, though he had to adjust his towel to keep from flashing me. "Sorry, give me a second."

I laughed nervously, my eyes pretty much laser focused on the shifting fabric for a glimpse of skin. "It's fine. I mean, if I have to help you with your homework, at least I get a strip show."

Dylan laughed too, more genuinely. "I'll try and make it good then. Okay, I'm ready."

His shaving cream sucked, so I gave him mine instead. It has a really flowery scent, but it's not alcohol based, so it won't dry out your skin as you go.

"Get nice and lathered up on that leg, then start with the grain. Long strokes down, and keep cleaning out the razor. Let me get a bowl, so you don't have to use the tub faucet."

Dylan worked the shaving cream into his skin while I grabbed a large bowl from our kitchen. My heart was thumping like a jackhammer in my chest, and there was a small, dark spot of precum on my shorts. I'd have to pretend to splash some water on myself.

When I got back, I filled the bowl with warm water and avoided looking at Dylan. I held it out to him, though my eyes moved of their own accord, trying to catch another look under his towel. "Here, just set it on the edge of the tub."

He took the bowl and got started. It was slow going since his hair was so thick, but he was patient about it.

"Do I do the thigh now, or switch to the other leg?"

He did a good job - no nicks on his thigh - though he missed a few spots on the back. He'd have to hit them at some point, but my horny brain told me to make him switch. Right now, his left leg was up on the tub, holding the towel up and blocking any possible view of his crotch. If he changed legs, it would be a strain on the towel to contain his cock, and I needed another look.

"Switch to the right calf," I said. "The thighs are a little harder, since the hair goes in different directions."

Dylan checked and said, "Huh. Never noticed."

I didn't look away this time as he shuffled to the other leg. He had the towel in a good position to obscure my view, but as he got settled, his dick peeked out for two beautiful seconds. It was thinner than I expected, but long and getting harder by the look of it. Was he enjoying this? Was I making him hard? An unfortunately timed boner?

He glanced my way, and I pretended to be looking at the razor.

"So how long have you been shaving your legs?"

I shrugged, running my palms down my own smooth thighs. "Since high school, though I only need touch ups now, since I got the laser removal."

His eyebrows raised appreciatively. "I heard that was expensive."

"It can be, although I got a pretty good deal on mine."

He looked at me again as he rinsed out the razor in the bowl. It was getting pretty murky with shaving cream and Dylan's hair. "Was it a package or something?"

I coughed out a laugh. "You could say that."

Now he was looking at me funny. The towel was drifting dangerously close to exposing his cock again. "Was it like...a sex thing?"

Normally, I'm pretty circumspect when talking about my sex life with straight guys. Saying less is often safer and less weird for everyone involved, but this might be an exception. I was about ready to cum in my shorts from all the sexual tension on my end. With that glimpse of Dylan's hardening cock, I thought I could ramp things up on his end too if I shared some of the more...intimate details of my past experiences. Plus, he asked, so maybe I didn't need to be so squirrelly. Maybe this was his way into a more sexual conversation.

"The manager and his wife wanted a threesome with another guy," I said, careful to make myself as casual as possible, as if I fucked middle aged swingers all the time. "I told him I wasn't into women, but if he'd give me free treatments, I'd do whatever they wanted."

"Wow!" Dylan paused in his shaving, completely engrossed. "That's all it took?"

Again, I shrugged. My cock was bulging through my shorts, and my crossed legs weren't hiding that fact from Dylan, if he cared to notice. "He wanted a couple of blowjobs after that, but he gave me the treatments for free, so yeah. His cock was pretty nice, so it wasn't that much of a burden. It's way better to blow a guy who's clean down there."

Dylan laughed nervously, returning to his work. "I wouldn't know. I, uh, guess they were both lasered, huh?"

I was getting to him. I couldn't see his cock under the towel, but it was tenting out in an unnatural direction now. He might not be gay, but he was definitely intrigued by this sexual conversation. I didn't want to push it too far and scare him off, but I was so horny, I would say anything if I thought it might tempt him into fucking me.

"Yeah, but she kept a little landing strip. Not sure what the point of that is, but I guess she could always have it taken off later. He was bald from the waist down, which is frankly the best look, as far as I'm concerned. No weird pubes in your face when you're giving oral, no hair getting caught in the lube, and it makes your cock look bigger overall. I'd recommend it to anyone."

He was beat red now, but he'd just about finished his other calf. "If you can afford it."

My brain screamed at me to say, "I'm sure he'd give you the same deal", but that might be a step too far. So far, everything was abstract. There were no insinuations that he might be gay, just some stimulating conversation about gay sex that may or may not be turning him on. If I crossed the line into direct flirting, we'd reach the point of no return, and I didn't know what he would say. Not to mention the fact that he was only halfway through shaving, and he was really going to need my help on his thighs. How the hell was I going to help him with his thighs without his hard-on getting in the way?

"I'm sure they'd give you the same deal, if you wanted it." It slipped out before I could stop myself, a crazed grin creeping across my face. I must have had a twinkle in my eye and a challenge written in my gaze. There'd be no more beating around the bush anymore.

He laughed! "I'll keep that in mind. I think I'm done with the calves."

I licked my lips. "O-okay. It's, uh, time for the thighs then."

"What's the best way to do this?" Dylan adjusted the towel to one side, exposing the thigh that he'd already taken a crack at. His cock moved with the towel, so he wasn't tenting anymore, but my eyes were still glued on its outline.

"Well, it depends on how far you want to go," I said nervously, "up your leg, I mean."

He looked down and frowned. "Shouldn't I go all the way? If it's supposed to be the same way that women do it, I should make them completely smooth."

My initial confidence abandoned me. "Sure, but...well, it's just..."

Dylan cocked his head at me, confused. "What?"

I waved my hand at his hips in some vague gesture of explanation. "It's... it's just different. Men have more hair."

He looked down. "Yeah, sure, but it'll come off. I don't understand the problem."

I wasn't making it clear, either. I desperately wanted him to fuck me, but I didn't want to feel like a total creep for taking advantage of him when he'd only asked for my help.

"Dylan, women shave all the way up their legs because they wear underwear and bikinis that don't cover just about anything. If you want to shave like a woman, you're going to have to shave your ass, and trust me when I say that you aren't going to be able to do it by yourself."

He looked down, biting his lip, then turned his gaze on me. I saw the hesitation in his eyes, but after a moment, he held the razor out to me and said, "Okay."

Then he dropped the towel and revealed the 9-inch dick he'd been hiding under there. My breath caught, but I didn't wait to get started. Dylan was inviting me touch him in such an intimate way, and regardless of what happened afterwards, I wanted to experience this with him.

I got down off the counter and took the razor from him, no long able to meet his eyes. I tried to focus on the things I'd need to help him shave. The bowl could use refreshing, and it would be easier to do his thighs in the tub, since he'd be shedding onto the floor otherwise.

"Umm, I'm going to refill the bowl, but you should get into the shower. It'll be, umm, yeah."

Dylan didn't question me. He stepped into the tub, maintaining a silent intimacy. It must have been as nerve wracking for him as it was for me, but not so bad that his cock wilted. He was still hard as rock down there.

I filled the bowl and set it down on the edge of the tub, then I got in next to Dylan. We were only a foot apart, and the distance felt like nothing. I sank to my knees, and it took everything I had not to reach out and wrap my lips around his cock. It was huge and cut and mouthwateringly hard. If he said the word, I would dive right in and devour his dick.

But that wasn't the game we were playing...yet. Dylan wasn't here for my entertainment, though if he wasn't aware of my desire to suck him off, he was truly blind. If he just tilted his hips forward...

Instead, I grabbed the shaving cream and squeezed some out onto my hand. This was really the point of no return for Dylan. Nothing had really happened yet, but it was about to, and he could make it stop with a word. "Are you ready," I asked as I knelt before his naked body.

He nodded and put his left leg forward.

That was all I needed. I reached out and started working the cream into his thigh. I used both hands, going down to the knee and all the way up his inner thigh. The back of my hand rubbed against his scrotum, and I felt an electric jolt run through me. I glanced up at Dylan, and he was watching with great intensity. I wondered if he felt the same jolt as I pressed gently against his balls, but I took my hands away before I started to linger there.

Shaving the front of his thighs was tedious and exhilarating at the same time. His hair was so thick that I had to keep cleaning out the blade, but I was always face to face with his beautiful cock. Twice it touched my cheek as I moved, and it took all of my willpower to keep from swallowing him right there.

Once I was done with the front, I made him spin around. We were both in a dreamlike state at this point. I couldn't believe that I was doing this with him, and he couldn't believe it either. He turned around and showed me his ass, and I got to work lathering it.

When my fingers reached his asshole, Dylan bucked slightly. "That feels..."

I gave him another pass with the cream, this time pressing against him with my thumb. Again, he rocked forward, but I could tell he liked it from the small gasp that escaped his lips.

I was as patient as I could be, shaving the backs of his legs. When I moved up to his ass, I went from the outside in until I was trimming the hair away from his crack. His cute little sphincter was mesmerizing, and I wondered how he would taste, but now wasn't the time for that.

"You can turn around again," I said with a quaver in my voice.

The attention to his ass paid off in the form of a even stiffer cock pointed at my face. If there was any doubt of the effect I was having on Dylan, it was gone now.

He looked over his shoulder, though he couldn't get a good angle to see his smooth ass. "Am I finished?"
