 Bob and I had been friends in high school and roommates in college.  We had shared a lot.  He was a very hot guy, tall and blonde with striking blue eyes and muscular from working out.  

Once in college we were drinking heavily.  I was wearing a loose pair of shorts that came down exposing my groin.  Bob acted like he didn’t notice but I could tell we was looking.

Ever since that night, I have wanted to get him into the sack.  I knew he was shy with women but had never expressed any interest in same-sex activity, except for that one incident.  I didn’t know if it was wishful thinking or what, but when one of our friends was getting married I offered to put Bob up for the night at my house.  I had to take a shot at fucking him!

I sent my kids to their friends’ house so we would be alone.  I bought several bottles of wine and grilled a couple of steaks.  Just in case I rented a couple of porno movies, one with straight sex and one with bisexual tones.

Bob arrived right on time and looked as great as ever.  We hugged and took his bags to the guest room.  After settling him in and exchanging pleasantries, I started pouring the wine. For an hour we talked over old times then ate dinner, all the while the wine flowed.

After dinner we went into the living room.  I poured us a couple of brandies and turned on some music.  I motioned him to the couch and took my place beside him.  For old times sake I had worn a pair of loose-fitting shorts.

“Remember Sherry Jones?”  I asked him.

“Yeah, that hot redhead you dated sophomore year.  Why?”

“I almost had her convinced to let you join us in the sack before we broke up.”

Bob was stunned.  “Really?”

“Yup.  I ran into her the other day and it reminded me.”

“What’s she doing these days?”

“Fat and married.  The rest of her is now as big as her tits were then.”

We laughed.  “You know,” I said, “I had almost convinced her to let you join us in bed right before we broke up.”

“Really?”

“Yup.”  Feeling emboldened by the alcohol, I asked Bob if he wanted to watch one of the movies I had rented.  He giggled and said sure.  I put on the straight one, and sat back to watch.

The first scene had a brunette with huge tits being fucked by two guys.  I looked over and saw a bulge forming in Bob’s crotch to match my own.  My cock actually began to hurt, even though my shorts were loose.

I refilled our snifters as the second scene started, this time two petite blonde taking on a black guy with an elephant cock.  By now my own member was creeping past the leg band of my shorts, expanding to its full nine inches.  I looked over at Bob who was squirming with discomfort.  Out of the corner of his eye he caught sight of my erection.

“Bob?”

“Yeah, Joe?”

“My cock is hurting.  You mind if I take it out?”

He hesitated.  “I guess not.”

With that, I pulled down my shorts and pulled out my cock.  I stroked it until it stood tall at its full nine inches.  I glanced over and saw Bob staring at it, mesmerized.  While it didn’t match the huge ebony rod on the screen, it wasn’t too shabby either.

“I can see you’re getting hard too.  Feel free to free your snake if you want.”

I don’t know if it was the booze, the movie, or the sight of my dick, but Bob unfastened his pants and pulled them down.  I was finally going to see his cock!

I wasn’t disappointed.  As he lowered his slacks, I first got a view of his thick bush of dark blonde pubic hair.  Then his shaft was uncovered, seven inches, thin and uncut.  He brought his hand down and started rubbing it, bringing it to a full length of eight inches.  My ass throbbed in anticipation of that pole stuffed in me!

Our eyes met, a little awkward but then he smiled.  I reached over and grabbed his cock, and he didn’t stop me.  Our eyes were locked as I slowly stoked his meat.  He reached over and grabbed mine.  Slowly our heads came together and we shared our first kiss.

After we broke embrace I went down on him, taking his dick deep into my mouth.  He leaned back on the couch, enjoying the blowjob.  I rubbed his balls as I sucked and he obviously loved the feeling.  After a few moments he started to moan and I knew he was close.

“I’m going to cum, man!”

I just started sucking harder.  I wanted his load like nobody’s business and was not disappointed when he shot a huge load of cream.  I had trouble keeping up and some spilled out onto my lips.  I was surprised when he leaned over and licked it off.

“That was great, man!  I never had a girl give me such great head.”

“Glad you liked it.  Are you up to returning the favor?”

He got a troubled look on his face.  “I’ve never sucked cock before, dude.”

“Don’t worry.  I’ll teach you.”

He leaned over and took my nine-incher in his hands.  At first he just licked the head, then got bolder and started feeding it into his mouth.”

“Lick my balls,” I commanded and he readily obeyed.  “Finger my asshole while you suck!”

As he blew me and fingered my ass, I felt the sperm begin to boil.  I warned him I was about to explode, and he started sucking my glans really hard.  He took my cream like a pro, gobbling it up as if it was the best meal of his life.  When I was through we both collapsed back on the couch, totally spent.

“Wow,” he said.  “I never imagined being with a guy could be this good.”

“You’ve only just begun, dude.”  With that I got up and grabbed a box of condoms and a tube of KY.  “I would really like it if you would fuck my ass with that monster between your legs.”

Bob smiled, and then nodded.  I handed him a rubber and the lube and took position on all fours.  He knew what to do.  He slipped on the rubber sheath onto his cock and rubbed KY on it.  Without any preliminaries he shoved all eight inches up my ass.

His initial thrust took my breath away, but a stuck with it as he pounded away.  He reached around and stroked my cock as he fucked me, and I thrust back to meet his cock as it violated my back passage.  He couldn’t last long with his fast pace, and he screamed as he emptied himself into the rubber sheath.  He took his cock out of me with a pop.

Without hesitating, I put him on his back and started fingering his asshole.  It was tight and virgin, but that cherry was about to be popped.  I put a rubber on and fingered his ass with lubed fingers.  His rectum clenched at my invading digits, but soon they would have something bigger to contend with.

I went as easy as I could, easing myself into him.  I got the head in, and then withdrew.  I repeated this, getting a little more in each time until I was buried in him up to my balls.  I stopped a minute to let him get used to it.  His face was a mask of pain, but that would soon change.

I took my cock all of the way out, then thrust it back in.  Slowly at first I began to fuck my friend, picking up pace over time.  His look of pain turned to pure pleasure as I fucked him like my own personal bitch.  

“Fuck me, Joe!  Fuck my ass hard!”  I gave him what he wanted.  When I couldn’t take it any more I came, filling my condom with sperm.  Quickly I withdrew and took him in my arms.

“Thanks, Bob.  I’ve wanted to do that for a long time.”

“No, thank you, Joe.  You didn’t know this but I have been curious about guys for a long time.  I just never had the guts to do anything about it.”

“My pleasure.”  We slept together that night, and every night of his stay.  We have even talked about getting together with our girlfriends and having a fully bisexual foursome.  He is still my best friend, and now we have even more to be friendly about.