 Have you ever noticed how, in movies, when one of the main love interests sees the other for the first time, the Universe seems to align perfectly? As though nothing else ever had, or ever would again, matter. I used to think that that was complete bullshit. 

My life changed in a sex shop. Yes, you read that correctly. 

It was a normal Tuesday for me. I was browsing the newest selections, eyeing a practical yet intricate paddle, when I saw him. Looking back now, I realize that he was standing under a display light, but my breath caught in my throat when I saw the lad surrounded by a heavenly glow. His small, jean-clad ass wiggling in time to the music being played over the intercom. He was holding a collar, comparing the price to another hanging on the shelf in front of him. 

Now, please understand, I have never considered myself anything other than a straight man. I've always found women to be quite attractive, the sway of their hips, the fullness of their breasts. I love women. But this boy, at least twenty years my junior, his shaggy brown hair partially hiding his angular face... I had to fight to keep my jaw from falling. 

After several moments, I composed myself and continued browsing. I watched the boy out of the corner of my eye, and when he finally made his way up to the checkout, I hastily grabbed something off the shelf and followed him. 

The boy had a large order, it seemed. Probably discovering a new kink, I smiled to myself. All the while I stared at his wonderful behind as he shifted from foot to foot. 

'I'm sorry, sir. Your card's being declined,' the cashier said, pulling me out of my stupor. I listened closely. 

'What? No.. I just put money in the bank yesterday!' the boy exclaimed. 'Won't you try again? Please?'

The cashier sighed, rolling her eyes before swiping his card again. Again, the machine declined it. 

'Shit,' he cursed. 'Alright.. I'll have to go see what's wrong, there.'

I could barely keep myself composed as I stepped forward. 'If you wouldn't mind,' I said, smiling, 'I hate to see someone deprived of such fun toys. Add it to my purchase, please,' I told the cashier. She looked to the boy for his approval. 

'Oh, no, sir. Really, that's kind,' he stammered, 'but I couldn't.. You shouldn't-'

'Nonsense,' I chuckled. 'Now, you can either take these things as a gift, or I'll just take them home with me. What will it be?'

He stared at me, unbelieving, face turning adorably scarlet. 'Well...'

'That'll be eighty-four dollars and thirty nine cents,' the cashier said to me. I silently cursed her for interrupting the lad. 

Collecting my bags, I motioned to him the walk with me. Approaching my car, I sat the nondescript bags on my trunk, rummaging through them for the nonsense items I'd picked up. Making sure he wasn't watching, I also pocketed the leash and collar set I had seen the boy holding earlier. I handed him the rest of his things. 

'I'm still not sure about this,' he told me, looking sheepish. 

'If you're so keen on paying for your things,' I replied quickly, formulating a plan in my mind, 'then why don't we exchange information, and you can pay me back when you get things sorted out with your bank?'

'That would be great,' he said, visibly relieved. 'My name's Devon. Do you have a pen and paper?'

I walked around my car, opening the driver side door, leaned across the console and fished a notepad and pen from the glovebox. He scrawled his name and phone number down quickly, and I jotted down my information for him, as well. 

'It was nice to meet you, Devon,' I told him, motioning to leave. 

'You, as well, sir.'

'Please. Call me Tom.'

'Alright. Thank you again, sir- Tom.'

'My pleasure,' I told the lad, slipping into my car. Watching him walk away, I whispered to myself, 'my pleasure, indeed.'

**

I gave it two excruciatingly long days before calling Devon. Feigning confusion, I left him a voicemail. 

'Hello, Devon. This is Tom, your Good Samaritan from Tuesday. I haven't heard from you yet, so figured I'd give you a call. I think I forgot to give you one of your things.. Would you like to swing by my home later this afternoon to pick it up? My address is with the rest of the information I gave you.'

Hanging up, I sat at my kitchen table, placing my head in my hands. 

'Thomas, you old pervert, what have you gotten yourself into?' I said aloud to myself. 'I suppose it doesn't have to go any further... It could very well have been a mistake. He can come by, pick up his things, give me my money, and I'll never see him again. I can put this all behind me,' I told myself firmly, knowing very well that things would not be so simple. 

**

For the next few hours, I busied myself with housework, trying to make my home look presentable. I had gotten so absorbed in my cleaning that by the time the doorbell rang, I had almost forgotten that I was expecting company. 

I ran my hand through my short salt and pepper hair, cursing under my breath. I tossed a glance towards the mirror, deciding I looked fine, and answered the door. 

'Devon, hello,' I said, pretending to be nonchalant. 'Won't you come in?'

'Thanks,' he replied, stepping over the doorstep and into my front hall. 

'Just leave your shoes here,' I said, gaining confidence as I walked towards the kitchen. Nodding towards the living room, I said, 'Make yourself at home. I'll be out in a moment; would you like a drink?'

'A water would be great,' came the reply. I allowed myself a quick victorious grin. 

Shortly after, I brought out two glasses of water, the leash and collar combo tucked neatly into my back pocket, out of sight under my large grey sweater. 

I placed his water in front of him on the coffee table, choosing to sit across from him. 

'I don't believe we got properly acquainted on Tuesday, though, I have to say... You can learn quite a bit about someone by their choice in sex toys,' I told him, getting right to the point. 

Devon blushed. 'Oh? And what.. What can you tell about me?' 

I smiled, glad he'd taken my bait. 'Let's see.' I leaned back in my chair. 'I would have to say that you're quite the reserved, artistic type. But I could tell that by just looking at you.' Devon laughed nervously. 

'How old are you, Devon?' I asked. 

'Nineteen, sir,' he replied. 

'Now, Devon, we've been over this,' I playfully chastised him. 'Call me Tom. Now, let's see here.. I bet I'm about your father's age. Forty three.'

'Two years older, sir- Tom,' he quickly corrected himself. 

'Ahh. Yes. So, you'd probably like your items back,' I said, trying to tell myself that nothing would happen between myself and this beautiful young man. 

'Oh! I'm sure you're busy, yes. I've had a nice visit, though. You're.. Very kind,' he added. I looked at him as he glanced towards his feet. Was the boy blushing? 

'Oh, fuck it,' I thought to myself, sitting forward. 'Devon,' I said slowly, as though tasting the letters rolling off my tongue. 'You're a good looking young man. Surely you must have a girlfriend you've bought all those toys for,' I inquired. 

Still studying his feet, Devon remained quiet for a moment. Then, so quiet I almost missed it, 'No, sir.'

'No? Why on Earth did you buy them, then?' I asked him, feeling a stir in my loins. 

'I.. Well, I'm gay, sir.'

My mouth opened to reply, but nothing came out. I stood, walking to the kitchen to compose myself. Here was a perfectly beautiful young man, sitting in my living room, waiting for me to give him a sex toy that I bought him- and he's told me that he's gay. I lean over the sink, trying to compose myself. 

'Tom?' I heard behind me. I whirled around. 

'I think I should go.. You can just keep the collar, it's no big deal,' he half-whispered, staring at my feet. Taking a breath, I smiled, managing to get my voice working again. 

'No, no. Please, stay. I was just.. Taken aback, is all. Nothing to worry about,' I chirped, ushering him back to the living room. As I walked, I removed the leash and collar from my back pocket, opening the clasp. 

'You're a good lad,' I told him. 'Quiet, good manners. I like that.'

'Thank you sir.'

I grabbed Devon's arm, letting my rational self melt away. 

'Sir?'

'Devon, I told you to call me Tom,' I said, a hint of warning in my voice. 

'Yes, right, sorry!' He replied, still facing away from me, cringing slightly. 

Quickly, before I changed my mind, I let go of his arm and threw the leather collar around his neck. He gasped as I cinched the clasp. 

'What are you-'

'Quiet,' I growled. He immediately quieted. 

Taking a deep breath, I clipped the matching leash to the collar around the boy's neck, leading him towards my couch. 

'Sit,' I barked. Devon sat. 

I grabbed his chin, pulling his face upwards, forcing him to look me in the eye for the first time. My breath caught in my throat. Fuck, was he beautiful! Wide, questioning blue eyes, bordering on violet really, searching mine for any hint of the mild mannered man I had been moments ago. His nose was small and upturned, feminine, and his lips were large and full. I licked my lips and sat beside him. 

'You will not like this, physically. But somewhere in there,' I tapped his forehead, 'is a slut waiting to perform.' His eyes widened in shock. 

'Sir... Please...'

'Enough! I told you, my name is Tom. But since you can't remember that, apparently I need to teach you that lesson, first.' I tugged on his leash, the black collar digging into his pale skin. Placing my hand on his back, I forced him to lay over my lap, on his stomach. 

I clawed at his jeans, pulling them down over his beautiful ass, inhaling sharply. Small goosebumps were beginning to form on the boy's bare bottom. I placed my hand on his skin, gently, letting him get used to the feeling. Then, without warning- SMACK! His cry resounded through my entire house. 

'Shut up,' I hissed. I grabbed a wad of Kleenex from the box on the coffee table and crammed his mouth full of it, effectively muffling him. I slapped his ass again, savouring the quieted yelp and small jump he gave. 

Eight more times, I slapped him, leaving his ass red and raw. On the tenth time, I left my hand on his bottom, letting him get over the pain before massaging him slightly. I felt him relax slightly. 

'Stand up,' I told him. He obliged, tripping over his half-pulled down jeans. The boy spit out the Kleenex, and started to pull up his pants, staring at his feet again. 

'No, no,' I laughed. 'I'm nowhere near done with you yet, boy. Take them off.' He looked at me, eyes wide. I showed him the leash in my hand, tugging slightly. Daring him to disobey me. 

That was all the warning Devon needed; he was out of his clothes in under thirty seconds. I nodded my approval, standing as well. 

He stared at the crotch of my pants; my long neglected member was already straining against the seams. The boy shuddered as if involuntarily. 

Seeing his stare, I slowly undid my belt, slipping out of it, holding it in my hand. I showed it to Devon. 

'Don't make me use this on you,' I told him quietly. He nodded, understanding. 

Slowly, Devon reached his hands out to undo my trousers. I watched him, amused, allowing his fingertips to brush my caged beast. A surge of heat unlike anything I'd ever felt tore through me. I shoved his hands away. 

'I call the shots here, boy,' I told him. He looked wounded. 

Rendering him useless, standing before me in his boxers and tee, I agonizingly slowly undid my pants' zipper and button. I pulled them down, my boxers along with them, and tossed them aside. His eyes grew wider, if it was even possible, at the sight of my erection. Effortlessly, I pulled my sweater over my head and tossed it aside, as well. Then I reached over and pulled his tee off, as well, navigating it over his head, over the leash, and threw it onto the floor. 

The poor boy was spellbound, barely able to stand. He wobbled back and forth, eyes locked on my member. 

'Oh, Christ, child,' I said, mock teasingly. 'Must I do everything? Fucking kneel!' 

Devon fell to his knees, looking up to my face, eager to please. I remained stoic. 

He tentatively brought his lips to the head of my already-quivering cock. A searching tongue tested the taste, and I seemed to pass his inspection, as he was quickly lapping and sucking away like a pro. I suppose he was, in this department. 

I leaned against the wall, closing my eyes, enjoying the feeling washing over me. My hands found Devon's hair, clutching chunks of it as though for dear life. 

Soon, my hips were rocking, pushing my cock further into his mouth. I quickly tickled his tonsils, testing his reflexes, and felt him gag. The contractions on my much neglected member felt amazing! I pushed further, feeling his throat close around me, watched his eyes flutter, felt his hands beat against my legs frantically. It was all too much for me; forcing his lips to my balls, I came mightily down the boy's throat, moaning and bucking my hips. I pulled back, breathing heavily.

Devon looked at me crazily; a look of half lust, half revulsion. I almost came again, just looking at him. 

'Fucking hell,' I muttered. 'You need to start a seminar or something.'

He smiled, licking the dribbles of my seed out from the corners of his mouth. 'So... My turn?'

I looked at him, contemplating it. I smirked, my balls feeling ready to empty again. 

'Your turn, alright, Devon.' 

Tugging on his leash, I pulled him to a standing position. He stumbled out of his boxers, exposing a much smaller, but still beautiful cock. I motioned to kneel, and as he smiled, I threw my arm around him, and pushed him over the arm of the couch. 

'What the fuck?' He spluttered. 

'Language, child,' I murmured, caressing his ass. He struggled to stand, but I held his leash tightly. 

Stroking my already stiff dick a few times, I scooped up some of my precum on my finger, and held it to his small button. He squirmed. 

'No, you can't. I- I don't want to,' he whimpered. I laughed. 

'Should've thought of that before, then,' I whispered, teasing his asshole with my fingertip. Without warning, I pushed half a finger inside him. 

'Fuck,' he moaned. I laughed. 

'That's half a finger, babe,' I told him. Immediately, he tensed. 

'Please, Tom... You can stop now, I won't, I won't say anything,' he pleaded. 

'Say anything? You went into this willingly. You sucked my cock like a pro, willingly! You've nothing to say, Devon. Now...' I applied a bit more pressure, allowing my entire finger to slide inside him, 'loosen up a bit. It just might hurt less.'

He went limp, like a rag doll, as soon as he realized that I wasn't kidding. The boy's face was against a cushion, his cries muffled slightly. I retracted my finger. 

Leaning over the back of the couch, I retrieved a bottle of lubricant from a basket under the coffee table. I held his ass cheeks apart with one hand as I slowly drizzled a fair amount of cold lube onto the boy as he squirmed again.

Slowly, I massaged his asshole, stretching him to accommodate two, then three of my fingers. All the while, he moaned into the couch cushion, gasping occasionally. 

Eventually, once I felt he was loosened up enough, I squeezed out a small amount of lube onto my dick, playing it up and down his crack before stopping at his little hole. 

'Please, sir, don't do it,' he sobbed. That was the last straw. 

'I told you.. My name.. Is.. Tom!' I said, as I pushed myself half into the boy. He screamed. 

'Oh, shut the fuck up,' I told him. I wrapped his leash around his face, forcing him to bite down on it. 'You may want to chomp that, love,' I said sweetly, 'you've still got another four inches to go. Devon sobbed loudly. 

Holding the boy's hips, I pulled back slightly before plowing forward another inch. He grunted and squirmed. I continued to pull back and push forward, sawing my way through his tight hole, until I could feel his shaking ass against my hips. I stayed still, trying to let him get used to the feeling. 

As I felt him starting to loosen up, I patted his back. 'Good boy,' I told him, 'or should I say, good dog? Since you seem to enjoy your collar so much.' 

No reply, of course, but I felt Devon's small frame buck underneath me. Fuck, he liked being talked down to! So that was his game. 

I grabbed his hips tightly, and leaned over him to whisper in his ear. 'I fucking own you. You hear me? Your ass is mine now. You're my slut. Mine!' I shouted the last part, as I started to fuck his ass roughly. Devon moaned uncontrollably. 

I poured some lube into my cupped hand, reaching around his small frame to grab his hard member. He gasped as he felt my hand caress him. Inevitably, it was this gentle gesture that sent my boy over the edge, groaning and grinding his small ass into me. I continued to fuck him, slower now, feeling my climax build like a burning in my stomach. With a small roar, clutching Devon's hips and thrusting myself deep inside him, I let loose my seed, coating his insides. He sighed as I pulled myself away from him.  

Feeling like a mess, I walked to the bathroom, grabbing a few towels and wetting them. I returned to the boy, who was pulling on his clothes. 

'Here,' I said, tossing him a towel. He nodded gratefully, cleaning himself up. He undid the collar, placing it on the coffee table. 

'Don't you forget that now,' I said with a smirk. 

'Actually.. Maybe you should keep it here.'

'You don't want it?'

Devon smiled. 'I didn't say that. I just said that maybe, I should.. Forget it here again.' He stood. 

'Same time next week, then?' He asked nonchalantly. My jaw dropped. 

'Um.. Yes, I suppose that works for me,' I said. 

'Good.' Devon stood in front of me, hands behind his back. 'I, um.. I had fun.' 

'Me, too,' I told him. 'Come back any time you feel like it, hear me?'

'Okay,' he said, striding towards the door. His hand on the doorknob, he turned to me. 'Oh, one last thing,' he said with a smile. 

'What's that?'

'I expect rougher treatment next time... Sir.' He winked, and was out the door in a flash. 

I sighed, head in hands once again. What the fuck had I gotten myself into?