 As we had done a few times before, me and my mates had planned a camping trip to our favourite spot. There was me, Isaiah, Troy, Ross, Troy's girlfriend Kristie and Ross' girlfriend Ashley. Isaiah had recently broken up with his girlfriend Taylor about a month before the trip. We were all 18 and had just finished our year 12 exams after school. 

After a long day of hiking and exploring, the six of us had just finished dinner and were having a few drinks around the campfire. The conversation eventually got to a game of never have I ever. I was the only one in the group who had never had a girlfriend so this game obviously wasn't my favourite and generally ended in slight embarrassment and others feeling sorry for me when the questions about sex started. 

Kristie was the one who started the game by asking "Never have I ever kissed someone of the same sex." 

Ashley reached for her drink and Ross asked, "really, who?" 

"I don't know just friends like Ellie and Courtney, nothing serious just messing around and for fun." Ross asked the next question saying "never have I ever done anal." Ashley rolled her eyes and Ross and Ashley both reached for their drinks again which was a little bit of a surprise to everyone. 

"Wow I didn't see that coming," said Troy, "I've been trying to get Kristie to let me fuck her ass for ages but she isn't too keen." 

"That's because it would hurt and there's nothing in it for me" replied Kristie with a bit of sass in her voice. 

"I didn't like it at first but I like it now and I guess it's not for everyone, it helps that Ross' dick isn't massive," said Ashley. Everyone started laughing as Ross' face went red. 

Isaiah then said, "Never have I ever been to an adult store." Troy, Isaiah and Ross were the ones who didn't drink this time. 

Troy turned to me and said, "Andy, why have you been to a sex shop?" I replied, "Well, I was bored and horny so I went in to have a look around and ended up buying a cock ring, but it wasn't great." This made everyone laugh a bit. The girls both said they bought dildos before they started going out with Troy and Ross. 

The never have I ever questions made way for general conversation about sex and what everyone had done so I was just sort of sitting there awkwardly for a while. After about 5 minutes of this talk Ashley asked me "What about you Andy what have you done?"

"Probably no surprise to anyone but I've only ever had one hook up and that was Ellie," I said. I had liked Ellie for a long time and we hooked up once at a party but she wasn't interested after that. She was Ashley's best friend which made things a little awkward for a while but we got back to being friends. This made things a little awkward for a bit but after about a minute Troy and Kristie got up and said they were heading off to bed. 

We had three 4 man tents set up and the two couples were in one each and me and Isaiah were sharing the other one. The tents were reasonably close together so we could just hear both couples having sex in their tents. 

Me and Isaiah were trying to sleep but the others were keeping us up. After we both realised we would be awake for a bit longer, we sat up on our air mattresses and we started talking. "So what happened with you and Taylor, why did you guys break up?" I asked. 

"I don't really know, it was a few things, like she was never keen to have sex and when we did she was disinterested, and she always seemed to be talking to other people on her phone when we were together. She just wasn't that into me anymore so I broke up with her." 

"That sucks, have you been with anyone since?" I asked. 

"Nope and not gonna lie I'm starting to get a bit sick of waiting." 

"Haha well I think I've been waiting a bit longer than you, to be honest I never really saw you two together." 

"Yeah, I was surprised when she said she'd go out with me," said Isaiah, "you should have seen how long it took to get her to do anything sexual at all at the start, even when she finally agreed to suck me off, she never swallowed me. She wasn't great at sucking but I'd love her to give me head again, I've had to get off by wanking for too long." 

"Yeah well I've only ever got off by wanking so you're lucky in my eyes." There was a bit of an awkward silence again for a bit and I opened my mouth to ask him something but changed my mind. 

"What?" asked Isaiah. 

"Oh nothing, I was gonna ask something but don't worry about it." 

"What was it?" 

"Nothing," I said. 

"Just tell me," replied Isaiah. 

"Fine, Well i was gonna say I've never done anything like this before but you were saying how you'd like a blowjob and like, I'm not gay but I wouldn't mind trying to give a blowjob. Obviously wouldn't mean anything and we wouldn't tell anyone but you'd get a blowjob and I'm open to trying." There was another long awkward silence and I immediately regretted saying it cause after the silence I assumed he'd be weirded out. "Forget that, please don't tell anyone I said that, that was stupid," I said in a bit of a panic. 

"Nah nah don't worry, I mean, I've never even considered letting a guy suck me but it's not the worst idea," he said. 

"Really? Well if you want I could swallow since Taylor never did it." 

"Umm, I mean, I'm still straight but it's definitely tempting, but I don't know it's just a bit weird," he said. 

"Yeah you obviously don't have to if you don't want to but Ive actually wanted to try for a while, like I'd never date a guy but something about sucking just seems hot," I said hoping he would agree. 

"Umm, I don't know, Like i really wanna get swallowed and haven't done anything for ages, fuck it. alright lets do it," he said. My heart started racing as I realised I'd be sucking my first dick and it was Isaiahs. I'd always found him really hot, as well as Ross and Troy, but they were straight so I figured nothing would ever happen. 

We were both already topless and only in boxers since it was summer. Isaiah was about 5ft 10 with long dark brown curly/surfy style hair that went to his shoulders, good looking face with prominent cheek bones and he was very fit. Not necessarily built but slim and all his muscles were very clearly defined, especially his abs which had that sexy 'V' shape just under his defined 6-pack. 

I was 6ft with wavy brown hair that went to my shoulders. I was reasonably fit, didn't have abs or anything but could definitely be considered slim fit and I had a really nice and shapely ass. 

I was already hard since I was keen so I stopped hiding my boner when he said yes. He saw it and paused for a second, I assumed he was having second thoughts but he then said, "Alright how do you want to start, it might take me a bit to get hard for a guy." After thinking for a second, I got up and pulled my pants off. 

"Woah I'm not going to suck you off, I thought you just wanted to suck me," he said. 

"Yeah I know, I just figured you could maybe touch my ass to get hard," I said. 

"Oh, um yeah alright," he replied. I turned around and got on my knees facing away from him. After a few seconds I felt his hand grab my ass cheek and squeeze it. I turned around to look at him while he did this and he had one hand down his boxers which was slowly rubbing his dick. He kept squeezing my ass for a bit and then gave it a light slap. I let out a little moan when he did this. I turned around and could see his dick was now hard and poking through his boxers. I reached for his boxers and pulled them down over his now hard cock. 

He had an uncut medium thickness 6.5 inch dick so it wasn't massive but looked pretty big on his average-sized frame. I prefer a shaven dick but this was obviously unplanned and he hadn't shaved but it looked good on him. 

"Wait," said Isaiah and I panicked for a bit thinking he had changed his mind but he then said "I'm gonna lie down." He turned to sit on his mattress and then laid back. 

I moved over to him and got on my knees around his outstretched legs, so I was on top of him looking straight down his amazing body. I took his dick in my hand and pulled his foreskin back past the head then I slowly stroked it a few times. I took a breath and leant forward. I opened my mouth and put it around his cock. My very first thought was that it didn't have a strong taste like I thought it would but I enjoyed how it felt in my mouth. 

He let out a sigh as I made my way down his cock. I had one hand around his dick as I began to suck him. I could feel him tensing his ass and cock as I bobbed my head up and down his cock. I took my hand off his cock and put both my hands on his hard abs. I held his cock in my mouth as I swirled my tongue around the head of his dick. 

"Ah fuck, oh yeah keep doing that." I kept sucking his dick for a good 5 minutes before I tried to change things up a bit. I used my hand to slowly jerk his dick while I made my way down to balls and began to suck them. 

His dick was so wet in my hand and his moaning told me that he liked what I was doing. After a little while sucking his balls I went back to his cock and started trying to take the whole thing. I had one hand on the bottom of it holding it still while I tried to fit as much of his cock in my mouth as I could. 

"Oh fuck yeah," moaned Isaiah, "take all of it." I came up for a breath and then tried to take the whole thing in my mouth. I nearly had his whole cock in my mouth when I felt his hand push my head further down his cock until it was entirely in my mouth and I could feel his pubes on my face. He moaned as he held my head there and after about 10 seconds I started gagging and had to come up for a breath. 

"Fucken hell youre good at that, Taylor never sucked me like this," said Isaiah as I caught my breath. "Can I face fuck you now since you can take the whole thing?" 

"Yeah let's try," I said. Isaiah stood up and stroked his cock a bit while I got on my knees in front of him. Before I got to put his dick in my mouth again he told me to turn around so he could grab my ass again. He gave it a firm squeeze and smack before he said "Alright now let me fuck your face." 

I opened my mouth and took his cock in it again. He began slowly rocking back and forth sliding his cock in and out of my mouth before he began to pick up the pace. He then put his hand on the back of my head and began making me deepthroat him again. Not long after this I was able to take his whole cock again and he began to thrust his dick harder into my mouth. He got into a rhythm and began moaning and talking while he fucked my face. 

"Oh fuck yeah, oh yeah, take my dick, look at me while I fuck your face." I looked up past his gorgeous body and to his face and could tell he was loving this. "Yeah that's it you little slut, oh fuck I'm getting close." 

He loosened his hands from my head so I put my hands on his ass to pull myself further down his dick. He picked up the pace of his thrusting even more and was fucking my face hard now. 

"Oh, oh yeah, fuck yeah," he kept moaning, "I'm getting close." He was now fucking my face as fast as he could and I was going red from how hard he was fucking it. I kept gagging on it but he didn't care, he just kept going. I could now taste the pre-cum from his dick and knew he was getting close. He then forced my head all the way down his cock as he said "I'm cumming, ah fuck yeah, fucken swallow it, oh fuck, fuck I'm cumming." 

I felt the first warm stream of cum hit my throat and I could tell it was going to be a big load. There were at least 5 big streams of warm cum coming out his cock before some of it dribbled out my mouth. The actual cum didn't taste great but I loved the feeling of his cock unloading in my mouth. 

"Suck it dry," he moaned as his cumshot came to an end and his grip on my head loosened. I looked up at him and opened my mouth, showing him all the cum I just took. 

"That was so good," said Isaiah as he fell back onto the mattress. "You are so much better than Taylor was. You took my dick soooo good." 

"It tasted great," I said sluttily even though the actual cum didn't taste amazing but I did love the taste of his cock. 

"Why couldn't Taylor suck me like that," questioned Isaiah. 

"I guess I've just got a talent," I suggested. 

"Yeah you do, I don't think I've ever cum that much and you swallowed all of it. It was so much better to get swallowed as well." 

I was still feeling really horny so I turned to Isaiah and said, "Um, I totally get it if you're not keen but if you want, I'd let you fuck me in the ass, i think you've already found out that I'm good at taking cock so I'd be keen to take your dick in my ass. Plus you were saying that you wanted to fuck Taylor in the ass and my ass is shaved if that's what you're into." 

There was another long silence before he said, "Um, I don't know, I always wanted to fuck Taylor's ass and I 100% want you to suck me again but I'm still not gay. Like, I only let you suck me because I'm horny as fuck and I just needed that release. I'm not really keen on fucking a guy in the ass." 

"Yeah fair enough, The offers there if you want it and I'm happy to suck you whenever you want as long as it stays between us and no one finds out." 

"Yeah that sounds good, I mean that was amazing since I haven't been sucked for ages but I don't think I'd be keen on fucking you, you do have a hot ass though," he said. 

"Aha thanks, Can I at least suck you again tomorrow night? I loved your cock," I asked in the hope that wouldn't be the only time I got to taste his cock. 

"Haha you really are a slut, yeah I'll probably be keen for head again tomorrow night but I won't want to fuck you," he replied. 

"Alright sounds good," I said. We both put our boxers back on and went to sleep on the outside of our sleeping bags since it was pretty hot. 

•••

After sleeping for a few hours, I was woken in the middle of the night by something touching my ass. I slowly realised that it was Isaiah who had a hand on my ass cheek. I just pretended to go back to sleep since I wanted to see where he was going with this. 

He slowly started to squeeze it. I heard him let out a small moan and then he carefully tried to start pulling my boxers down. He still thought I was asleep as he pulled my boxers down just below my ass cheeks. It took him a second but he slowly put his hands on my ass cheeks and again, slowly squeezed them. I then felt him put his mouth on my ass and kiss it. I sighed when he did this and he suddenly realised I was awake. 

He paused for a second before I said, "You don't have to stop." 

He paused again before he said, "Just shut up and let me do this." His blunt response actually turned me on a bit. He pulled the rest of my boxers off and then squeezed my ass. I propped myself up on my elbows and spread my legs apart. He started kissing and softly biting my ass while rubbing his hands over my body. 

I turned to him and said, "Can I suck you to get you hard again?" 

"Yeah sure but I'm fucking you tonight." Isaiah was on his knees so I was laying down and sucked his semi hard cock until it was hard. "You ready?" Isaiah asked as I was sucking him. 

"Yeah but I've never been fucked so don't be too rough," I replied. "Also do you have a condom?" 

"No but we don't need it," he said. Normally I wouldn't even consider getting fucked without a condom but I'd always wanted to get fucked by him and I knew that this was probably my only chance so I let it slide. 

I turned around and bent over so my head was on the ground and my ass was in the air. I heard Isaiah spit into his hands and he rubbed it on my ass hole. I moaned when he did this since it was the first time someone other than me was touching my ass hole. He rubbed his wet fingers around my hole and my ass before he stuck a finger in it. 

"Ah fuck yes," I said. With one finger in my hole, he used his other hand to slap my ass. He started moving his finger in and out of my hole and my breathing started to become a lot faster. 

He then took his finger out my ass and said "spread that ass so I can fuck it." I reached back and spread by ass cheeks, revealing my shaved hole to Isaiah. 

"Fucken hell thats a hot tight hole you've got," he said. I was about to reply but he leant forward and stuck his tongue inside my hole.

"Holy fuck, ah fuck me," I said. As soon as his tongue went in my hole, my dick got so hard and I nearly came right there. After a minute or so he stopped rimming me and slapped my ass once again before I felt his body position itself behind my ass. 

With one hand on my lower back, he guided his cock, which was still wet from the blowjob I gave him, to my ass. We both let out a moan as I tried to relax my ass as he pushed the head into my virgin ass. He held it in there for a bit before he pulled it out and spat on his cock. 

He got about 2 inches in this time and began to work his dick in and out of my hole. He gradually picked up the pace but still wasn't going very deep. 

"Fucking hell you're tight," he said as pulled his cock out again to get more spit in my ass. He spat on his fingers and rubbed it in my ass. He then slid his cock back in and got a little bit deeper again but he still couldn't get more than half his cock into my tight ass. He began to thrust his cock in and out of my ass and I started to moan. 

After fucking me like this for about 2 minutes he said "I need to get deeper inside you, get up and ride me." I was liking the dominant side he was showing now. He laid back on his back and stuck his hard cock straight up. I positioned myself in a reverse cowgirl position and lowered myself down onto his cock. 

"Holy fuck, oh yeah," I said as his cock slid all the way into my ass. I had to pause for a bit when he was all the way since it hurt but it also felt so good to have a hard wet cock in my ass. 

"Oh my fucking god," groaned Isaiah. I got my breath back and started to bounce slowly on his hard rod. I could feel my tight ass gripping his bare cock as I slowly rode it. 

He put his hands on my waist and guided me up and down his cock for a couple of minutes before I got used to the feeling of his cock in my ass. 

Isaiah then slapped my ass and said, "Get up, we're changing positions." I got off his cock and turned around to face Isaiah. He reached under me from the front and fingered my ass for a few seconds. 

"Get on your back," he said with a dominance I hadn't seen from him before. I did as he said and laid on my back and spread my legs. He got on his knees, spat in his hand and covered his cock with it. He came round to my mouth and said, "Wet my cock." 

I took his spit covered cock in my mouth and made it even wetter. He pulled out of my mouth and positioned himself at my ass. He spread my legs further apart with his arms and slid his cock back into my ass. 

It went in a lot easier this time and he was able to pick up the pace quickly. He was fucking me a lot harder now and I couldn't help but groan. 

"Ah fuck, yes Isaiah, go faster." He started to fuck me even faster and harder and I could barely take it anymore. Isaiah started to grab my ass cheeks as he fucked me as hard as he could. 

"Uh, fucking hell, take it you fucking slut." I felt his balls slapping my ass as he fucked me and I could barely breathe. I could tell he was trying to go even harder than he was but he couldn't possibly go any harder. His hands were on my shoulders pulling me into his cock and was putting his entire body into each thrust. Each thrust made me shake, due to both the pure force of his body and the pleasure of a cock being balls deep in my hole. 

I don't know how he had the stamina to fuck me so hard for so long but after a good 5 minutes straight of fucking me hard in this position and about 25 minutes overall, he told me "I'm close." 

"Good cause I can't take much more," I managed to spit out. 
