 I was nearing the end of a difficult marriage. She was often away on business trips and so was I. It is probably the only reason the marriage lasted as long as it did. We moved a lot and, at this point, had a house in Florida with a pool in a secluded back yard. My wife was away for a week or so and I was lying by the pool reading and drinking a beer. Jason was a college student who took care of our yard. He was 19 or so and a very handsome young man. It was late in the afternoon and Jason was finishing our yard. He was obviously hot and sweaty and had taken his t-shirt off. He looked so beautiful. Jason was about 5-9, very slim with almost no body hair. Once he had finished I told him he needed a cold drink. He agreed and I brought him a beer.

"You look awfully hot, would you like to cool off in the pool?"

"I don't have a bathing suit." he replied.

"Hey, no one can see in this yard. I go skinny dipping all the time and I will do it now with you so it is no big deal".

He looked a little apprehensive. I went into the house and brought out two beers. Here take this, it will relax you." Then I took off my t-shirt and shorts and dived in the pool. Jason looked at me and I told him "it feels a lot better in here." 

He finally overcame his nervousness and stripped down and jumped in. I was totally enthralled by his young body. He was so slim and so handsome. I wanted him. As we swam around in the pool, I noticed that he had an erection. His cock was about 6 inches or so. I swam over to him and said "I see you are a bit excited to be naked in my pool."

He was very nervous and I tried to calm him down by grabbing his cock and stroking it. "Doesn't this feel good?" I asked. He could barely speak. I took his hand and led him out of the pool. I laid him down on the chaise lounge and started stroking his cock again. "You like this, don't you?" He could only nod his head in agreement. After stroking him for a few minutes, I bent down and started to suck his cock. "This feels even better, doesn't it?" He again could not speak, just nod his head. "I will keep doing this to you, but you have to do it for me." He hesitated and then once again nodded agreement. I continued to suck his cock and I also played with his balls, I could tell he was in heaven with this. It didn't take very long for him to shoot a huge load in my mouth.

I then wagged my dick I front of his mouth. He was a little hesitant at first but soon got with the program. He took my dick in his mouth and began to suck. I let him play with this a bit and then I took it out and told him I was going to give him a real treat. Jason was a little surprised but I took his legs in my hands and pushed them back. This gave me access to his ass. I leaned in and began to lick his butt hole. He squirmed around as I was driving him wild with this. After a few minutes of this, I pointed my cock at his hole and started to ease it in. It obviously hurt him at first, but I told him to relax and that it would soon feel better. Once his ass had adjusted to my cock, I slowly pushed it in further. I went in a few inches at a time, always pausing to let his ass adjust. Once I had buried my cock in his ass, I leaned over and kissed him. He was totally under my control at that point. 

Slowly I began to fuck him. He seemed to be enjoying it more and more with each thrust. Before too long I began to slam my cock into his tight ass. I told him he had a sweet, tight hole that was made for me to fuck. He got more and more excited as I banged his ass harder and harder. It didn't take too long for my cock to explode in his ass. After leaving it in there for a few minutes, I took it out and embraced him. He was loving every bit of it. I gave him a long wet kiss and told him I would love to fuck him again and again. He said he would love that.

We had a few more opportunities that summer, but they were all too few. He went off to school and work took me to another city.