 When I was 16 I saw my father kissing another woman. I got me really mad and went to tell my mother. That's when I learned that my parents had an open marriage and that they had never been exclusive. 

It really shook me at first but then I found it kind of cool that my parents were not sexually repressed. Since we were being honest, I told them that I was gay and they immediately accepted me.

Sadly, life isn't always fair and my father died two months afterwards in a car crash.

-

Three years later my mother told me that she had met another man and six months later they were engaged. I had yet to meet the man who would become my stepfather because even though I still lived at home while I went to college, I spent most of my time studying with my friends.

Yes I'm a dork, while most students are partying, I'm studying with my friends. People are always surprised when they learn how big of a nerd I am because I don't look like it. In fact, thanks to good genes and a little bit of weight lifting, I looked like the typical jock. I was 6 feet 4 for 221 lb, I had a toned body with a splatter of hair on my chest and a happy trail. I was dark haired and gray eyed. 

Guys (and girls) hit on me all the time but while I found some guys attractive I never felt that spark so I was still a virgin. 

So, to get back to the story, I only met Mark once they were engaged. My mother told me to make sure I was home that night. When I met him I was stunned. It was like god had taken everything I didn't know I've ever wanted in a man and created my perfect man. My 8 inch dick got instantly hard and I couldn't think at all. He was about 6 feet 5 for 250 lb, he had a broad back and was burly. I could see a part of his really hairy chest thanks to his wife beater. His hair was short and dark and he had the most beautiful green eyes.

The meeting went well, even though I could barely speak and had to keep myself from drooling. I jerked off as soon as they left for their date and jerked off four times that night.

After that I spent less and less time home in order to avoid him because I didn't want them to notice how attracted I was to him.

The interesting part of the story happened during summer break, when I had no other choice but to go home. They had been married for a month when one day I found the courage to ask my mother if they had an open marriage like the one she had with dad. She said yes. Then, blushing, I asked her if it would be okay for me to seduce him. At first she was shocked but then she started to laugh and told me that I had good tastes in men and that she didn't have any problem with it but that he might. Indeed, according to what he told her, he was straight.

I didn't let this deter me and told her not to tell him anything. I then meticulously planned my seduction. I decided to start one week later when my mother left on a two-week business trip. I started innocently by telling him that we should take advantage of her absence to bond. The first day we just talked a lot and watched TV together. I made sure to sit closer to him than normal but still far enough not to scare him. The second day I started patting him on the back and touching him innocently here and there. I didn't go any further the first week. I wanted to get him used to me.

The second week I asked Mark who he was seeing other than my mom. He blushed and admitted to me that at 40 he didn't have as much luck as in his twenties. He told me that he had a girl a few months ago but that she decided to find a real boyfriend and dumped him. He hadn't found anyone since. I told him that I found it hard to believe that a hot daddy like him couldn't find anyone but dropped the subject when I saw how awkward it made him feel.

When I woke up the day after I found him in the kitchen with a pocket of ice on his shoulder. I asked him if he wanted me to give him a massage and he said yes. I wasn't going to waste this golden opportunity. I told him that it would be easier if he was lying on a bed so we went to his bedroom.

Mark took his shirt off and I could see his marvelous fur covered muscled upper-body. His front was very hairy from his bulging pecs to his well defined abs. It was such a turn on. I told him to lie on his front so that I could massage him. Before starting the massage I admired his broad hair-free back. I started to massage his shoulders and then his back.

His pleasure-filled moans almost made me come in my pants. I then asked him if he wanted a full-body massage and he said yes. He took off his pants and I discovered that he didn't wear any underwear. I had a perfect view of his completely naked body. I wasn't an ass man but even I could see that he had a killer ass. I first massaged his legs and then his feet. I moved up to massage his legs once again and went higher and higher till I "inadvertently" brushed my hand against his ass. He stiffened a bit but then relaxed. I massaged his legs for a while before brushing my hand against his ass once again. Since he didn't stiffen again I asked him if he wanted me to massage him there and he moaned a yes.

I went back and forth between his back, his ass and his legs for awhile before asking him to turn around so that I could do his front. At first he told me that he didn't need me to do his front and that it was okay but, when I insisted, he admitted that my massage got him hard. While I was giddy inside I made sure not to show anything and told him not to worry and that it was perfectly normal.

Mark turned around and my gaze zeroed in on his bulging penis and his heavy balls. I was pleased to find that his cut dick was about 6 inches and a half long and a little bit above average in girth. It was big enough to be exciting but not to the point of being terrifying. Mark seemed mortified, blushing furiously and avoiding eye contact. I was happy that he wasn't looking at me because otherwise he wouldn't have seen the tent I was pitching and the wet patch that was forming.

I took a deep breath to calm down and started massaging his chest. It took everything I had not to kiss his luscious lips or lick his godly chest. I started to massage his abs and went lower and lower. I skirted around his pelvic region and massaged his thighs eliciting a deep moan and a twitch from his cock. I continued my journey lower and massaged his feet once again making sure to hit the erogenous zones I had read about. His moans were getting louder and a saw a drop of precum start to form at the top of his dick. 

I really wanted to lick it off but refrained myself. I didn't want to do anything without being asked. I wanted him to be the one to make the decision so that, later, he wouldn't be able to put the blame on me.

I continued to arouse him and let my fingers brush against his balls accidentally once in a while and being rewarded by the sweetest moans.

After a while, when I thought I couldn't take it any longer, he moaned:

"Please, please stop. I can't take it any longer I really need to come."

I leaned in and whispered to his ear "wouldn't it be better if I helped you?"

Instead of answering me Mark turned his head and kissed me hungrily. He didn't waste any time and his tongue invaded my mouth. My inexperienced self had a hard time keeping up but I did my best and he seemed to appreciate it.

He broke up the kiss after a while, looked in my eyes and said:

"You're such a tease aren't you Nick? You kept on torturing me now I thing it's time to stop with the teasing and go with the pleasing, don't you?"

I put my hand on his pulsing member and jerked him off experimentally while sucking on his budding nipples. After a while the temptation became too strong and I tentatively licked his straining cock. It gave an appreciative twitch in response and I put the head in my mouth. It had a clean taste that was better than what I expected but what really turned me on was the feeling of it. How it filled my mouth. I knew that I would become addicted to this feeling. I started to get more and more into my mouth until it hit the back of my throat and I gagged.

"You don't need to go so fast. Don't take that much inside. You're doing really good." Mark complimented me.

My hard cock trapped in my pants was becoming really painful do I got naked. I went back to kissing Mark and started to masturbate us both at the same time and we both moaned from the pleasure of it.

I went back to my discarded pants and took out the condom and the lube I had in my pocket. I handed him the condom and used the lube to prepare myself. His eyes filled with desire as he watched me finger myself.

Once ready I started to get on all fours on the bed but my stepfather stopped me and told me he wanted me to see who was fucking me. I lied on my back and spread my legs. I felt the head of his penis against my asshole. He stayed there for a while and then started to force his way inside. It hurt at first but I gritted my teeth through it and his head popped inside. He let me get used to it for a while and then started little back and forth movements, entering more and more of his cock inside me. The further he went in the less pain I felt and the more pleasure I felt.

My dick which had softened a little from the initial penetration got hard again, harder than it had ever been.

Once he was fully inside, Mark stopped moving, looked into my eyes and kissed me tenderly.

"You're such a good boy Nick, you make me proud. You've taken me fully inside you without a single complaint. Are you ready for me to move again?"

"Yes, please! I'm begging you daddy, fuck me!" I pleaded him. I saw a flash of raw desire in his eyes and felt his cock twitch when I called him daddy and I knew that from today onward he was my daddy.

Daddy started to move again with slow and long movement, almost taking his cock completely out before slowly pushing it in again. All the while we never broke eye contact. A special kind of connection was forming between us, it wasn't love, it was too soon for that, but it had the possibility to become love.

The painful pleasure of our slow love-making was driving me crazy, I needed more so I begged daddy to go harder, to fuck me faster. He complied without a warning pounding into me fast and hard. To my consternation I came almost immediately. The tightening on his cock seemed to please him because his face distorted with pleasure but he had more experience than me and managed to refrain from coming. I had the best orgasm of my life, heightened by the fact that daddy fucked me through it. 

Once my orgasm passed daddy took out his cock, leaving me feeling horribly empty, got rid of the condom and put his dick next to my mouth. I greedily took it inside my mouth doing everything I could imagine to make him come. A few minutes later he rewarded me with his sweet juice. While I wasn't a fan of the taste the feeling of elation brought by this accomplishment made me swallow hungrily.

Once daddy was soft and his cock was clean, we shared a tender kiss and lied down next to each other on the bed. 

" We'll have to do this again and often Nick."

"Yes daddy." I knew we had to shower and I was planning on getting my first shower sex.