 All Characters are 18 or older. 

Maybe it way the way sun shined in the clear blue sky that made Demetri Parker look up that morning. He sighed and headed for his school. Reading relaxed his muscles and brain, calming him down. Study Hall was always his favorite time of the day. That was until the bell rang. The Hoffman brothers met him exactly at 12:14 everyday, right before school was let out and at back exit, which was the only path to his house. Since there was no escape, he sighed and left the room. 

Looking up at the ceiling, he opened the doors, greeted by Mark Hoffman. 

"Hey Parker. Hows the fag life?" Mark Hoffman sneered, looking him straight in the eyes. 

When he didn't reply, thats when things got ugly. 

"Shitface, I'm talking to you!" Mark said, his voice coated in anger. 

Then, Mark motioned his brothers, Ronnie, Derek and Sam, to shove him around until Mark was ready. 

It seemed to go on forever, until Mark shouted stop. 

The fist came down harder and harder until he was completely covered in bruises. The kicking stopped also, leaving him in a world filled with pain. 

They left, leaving him helpless. Before he could stand, he blacked out on the pavement. 

#

Taylor Laurent looked into the mirror. He study his body, looking at the scars that covered most of his body. He knew he couldn't stop cutting himself unless he got help. He decided not to go to school today, fearful of what might happen if they saw the scars. He laid in his bed, wondering what his mother would do if she was still alive. She would probably tell him to get some help for his safety. Cutting helped him get over the fact that he witnessed his mothers brother kill her in mid daylight. But day by day, he was feeling weaker. The amount of blood he lost, he could not remember. His eyes lowered, till he dreamt of his mother and her joy. 

#

Demetri woke up dazed. He could not remember what had happened to him the night before or who had left him lying on the pavement. 

"Hello?" He whispered

No Reply. 

"Is anyone here?" 

Still, no answer. 

He walked down the path towards his house, feeling strange and confused. 

The path twisted and turned, eventually leading him to his small house. He checked his pockets for the key, opened the door and threw his bag on the floor. Upstairs, he heard a faint sound coming from his bedroom. A robber? He shook his head. He had no vaulables in there. 

He dropped everything he had on him as soon as he opened the door. 

"Dad?" He said. 

"Thats right, Demetri. I'm back." His father smiled and locked the door. 

#

Taylor woke the next day, wishing he had the fan on while he slept. Then he remembered the dream he had. 

He was walking in a meadow with his mother and suddenly she changed. She became a he. A beautiful looking boy, 18 with coal black eyes and hair, enough to shift any straight, gay. But there was saddness in his eyes. Such sorrow that only made Taylor yearn more of him. 

He wondered who he was and what that meant. He shrugged but had the feeling to cut again. 

"No." He told himself. 

"Cut, cut, cut..." Whispered the voice. 

"No!" He screamed. 

"Do it now." The voice said, growing with anger every minute. 

Reaching for the knife, Taylor tried to resist, but the voice told him to stop and let all his worries vanish. 

The knife pierced his skin, making him cry out. The blood poured out with every pulse and breath. 

Taylor wanted everything to go away. The voice and the cutting. Thats when he reached for the phonebook. 

#

"Dad, stop please!" Demetri cried out. 

After years if sexual abuse, Walter Parker had come back to hurt him again. 

"Remember when your mommy was gone? We had fun. We had alot of fun." His father whispered in his ear. 

"No. It wasn't!" He yelled. 

The phone was no where to be found and Demetri became frightened, only to bring a smile to the sick bastard. 

"Demetri, I think you should come and pleasure your father for a while. Don't you think so?" He said in a soothing voice.

Demetri was out the door in a flash, screaming for help. His father had a look of pure shock in his eyes, chasing after him. 

"Please God. Let me live." He prayed. 

#

Taylor had finished calling Crestwood Farms, and agreed to pay for his reatment at the facility. He was suppose to sign in tommorow, which wasn't a problem because it was a 20 minute drive from his house. Hopefully, this would help him. The only thing he was worried about was the voice. It came in unexpected moments, taking him over. He heard an ambulance in the distant, wondering who and what was in there. 

#

"Get off!! Please Stop!!" Demetri screamed. Everywhere he looked, he saw his father.

In reality, he was inside his house, fighting off the paramedics. 

"Son, we are just trying to help." Said one. 

"No! I don't want you to help me with anything!" He screamed. 

One of them tried to grab him, causing him to throw a glass vase at them. 

Demetri knew exactly what he had to do. He ran upstairs, locking himself inside the bathroom. He took the shower curtain and wrapped it around his throat, and started choking himself till the paramedics busted the door. 

#

Taylor hummed to himself, picturing his mother again, blocking out the voice. His car drove across the road, coming to a large, tan buliding filled with people, inside and out. He looked at it and started walking inside. 

"Welcome. You must be Taylor Laurent?" A small, skinny redhead asked him. 

"Uh, yeah." He replied. 

"Please follow me." She said, her voice bubbly and smooth. 

They walked down a number of hallways, coming to a section filled with 10 bedrooms. There was one vacant room, which was to be his, and, soon, Demetri's. 

#

"No!" Demetri screamed, overcomed with fear. 

He was strapped to a strecher, riding in an ambulance going straight to Crestwood Farms. 

Demetri saw his father looking at him, touching him everywhere. 

"Stop!!" He yelled, causing one of the paramedics to jump a little. 

"We need to sedate him now!" One of them said 

They other one nodded and proceeded to sedate him. 

Demetri felt woozy, sliping in and out of consciousness. 

"Stop...Don't." He fell asleep, finally calm. 

#

Taylor had finished unpacking when he heard a scream break the silence. 

"NO!" A voice screamed. 

Every single one of the paitents stopped what they were doing and looked at the boy in strecher. Completely strapped down, he screamed over and over till they had to sedate him again. Taylor watched as they brought him towards a big room and disppeared. 

#

Demetri had woken up, admited into the facility and had a splitting headache. Everything was crammed into his brain, making him queasy. A small, skinny redhead was walking him towards a room. He shook his head and mummbled something. 

"Taylor? This is your roommate, Demetri." The redhead said, her voice bubbly as usual. 

Demetri sighed and entered the room. The boy appeared to be around his age, but was covered in scars head to toe. Emo? At least he doesn't look the part. Demetri sat on the bed, wanting to kill himself again. The redhead smiled and left the room. 

He turned and held out his hand. 

"Demetri." 

"Taylor." 

They both stared at each other, looking at each their apperences. 

"So why are you here?" Taylor asked. 

"I was sexual abused by my father a couple years back and when he broke into my house, I went crazy. Or at least thats what the doctors say. I can't remember a thing." Demetri said. 

"Oh." 

"So what's your story?" Demetri said, starting to like Taylor. 

"I witnessed my mothers brother murder her and I started going Emo. Thats why I have scars everywhere. It went a way for a while, but it came back. So I admitted myself in here." Taylor finished. 

"Oh." Demetri, shocked to see him reply the same way as Taylor. 

Demetri took a quick glance at Taylor, and turned to sleep again.

#

Taylor could not help but stare at Demetri as he slept. His black hair brushed his cheek and his body slept perfectly. Taylor desperatly wanted to reach over and kiss him, but how could he when he didn't even know if he was gay? 

Instead, Taylor kept looking at him till' he woke an hour later. 

"What time is it?" He said, groggy from sleep. 

"7:45." 

"Thanks." 

"No problem." Taylor said, smiling. 

Demetri sat up right, looking at Taylor, noticing the beautiful figure standing across from him, almost instantly getting a hard-on. 

Taylor noticed Demetri's staring, and knew he was either gay or was replused by him. But from the looks of it, Demetri was gay. 

#

Two Hours Later....

Demetri and Taylor had showered, both, sitting on their beds talking about their likes and dislikes. 

"Actually, I'm gay. But having my father fuck me, I desperatly wanted to be straight." Demetri said. 

"Wow. I witnessed my mothers murder but at least I didn't get raped." Taylor said, trying to hold back the tears, but ended up bursting out in tears.

"Its Ok. You got me." Demetri whispered, wanting to kiss away each of the tears on his perfect face. 

Taylor, about to say something, became overpowered by lust as Demetri lowered his mouth on his. 

-----End of Ch. 1-----

PS. 

Hey its Rose :DP 

Did you hate it, love it? Comment or email me if you have any ideas for the 2nd chapter! 