 I'm Nick, and I just found out I'm bisexual about six months ago. These two monster guys at the gym, Steve and Butch, caught me watching them have sex in the shower after hours. Since then I've been their little fuck toy every Wednesday night. I love getting fucked and sucking cock.

I'm married and so far my wife doesn't suspect. If anything, my sex life with her has improved. We have sex much more frequently and she's even opened up to anal sex. It's great!

About one month ago the consulting firm I work for hired a new guy, fresh out of college. He was Indian and his name was Sanjay. He was about my height (5'11") and slender. He spoke English well and without an accent and was quite reserved. He was assigned to my group and worked directly under me. 

Sanjay was a hard worker and rarely socialized with anyone outside of work functions. We had lunch on a few occasions and he didn't volunteer personal information easily. I did manage to find out that he was single, unattached, and didn't like going out much.

One morning I arrived about an hour ahead of everyone else and I noticed Sanjay was already there. I was impressed with his dedication, he came in early and worked late frequently despite my best efforts to get him to slow down. I walked by his office, he wasn't there, but on his computer screen a video was playing with two studs going at it. They were in a 69, sucking each other hard. I heard the bathroom door open and I scuttled off to my office before he noticed I was there.

I didn't let on that I knew anything until about a week later. We were driving to an out of town meeting that was going to last three days. Our conversation drifted around work and then to music. I finally asked why he wasn't dating anyone. 

"I don't really have much time for girls right now," he replied defensively.

"I noticed you were watching some pretty cool movies on your computer the other day," I said.

He was flabbergasted. He didn't speak and seemed like he was scared to death as he went pale. 

"Don't worry," I finally spoke, "no one is going to find out about your little secret."

He seemed somewhat relieved and finally said "I don't want anyone to know, people can get freaked out."

"I know," I replied. 

We sat in silence for the final hour of our drive. I started thinking of what it would be like to have Sanjay and my cock became hard. I couldn't stop thinking about this young guy who I could enjoy. I wondered what it would be like to fuck him, I hadn't fucked a guy yet (Steve and Butch usually dominated me and if I didn't cum while being fucked, I usually had to jerk myself off). Sanjay didn't seem to notice and looked off into the distance, seemingly in another world.

We checked in and discovered that we had to share a room as the hotel was overbooked. I quietly got excited at the prospect of being in close quartes with Sanjay for the next three days. When we got in the room we both sat down and relaxed after a long drive.

"I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable," I finally said.

"It's okay," he replied.

I finally decided to cut to the chase, "Do you know I have a secret of my own?"

"What's that?" Sanjay said, expecting a smart-ass reply.

"I like guys too," I said matter-of-factly.

He didn't respond immediately, but finally piped up, "Really?"

"Yes," I said.

"You're joking, a guy like you couldn't be gay," Sanjay said, unsure of himself.

I moved over to his bed and sat next to him. I started rubbing his crotch and could feel that his cock was already hard.

"If I was joking would I be doing this?" I said, forcefully.

I got on my knees and rubbed his crotch while I unbuttoned and unzipped his pants. I freed his cock and started jerking him off. He leaned back and rested on his hands while he let out a soft groan. I slowly licked his balls while I pumped his shaft with my hand and he shuddered slightly as my tounge swirled around his nuts.

I pulled his pants off and stood him up while I took his shirt off. Sanjay took this opportunity to forcefully kiss me, slipping his tongue into my mouth. I returned the favor and we kissed passionately as he undressed me like a kid unwrapping a christmas present. The kiss was as electric as my first kiss back in high school, even more electric. I shuddered as our tongues darted in and out of each other's mouths.

He started kissing my neck and moved down my chest. He slowly licked and nibbled on my nipples, making my knees buckle so much I had to lay down on the bed while he continued to work down to my cock. 

He slowly licked up and down my shaft while he rubbed my balls with one hand and pinched my nipples with the other. I was in heaven, this guy was working me slow and easy as he took my cock in with an almost glacial pace that was making me shake uncontrolably. He worked his tongue around my shaft during the slow descent, Sanjay was a pro. He finally started pumping my cock with his mouth and the pace increased to a frenetic, wild blow job that was unlike anything I'd ever experienced. My hips started bucking, pumping into his mouth. I was fucking him back and the strokes pushed all the way to the back of his throat. I could feel him gag slightly as he moaned, but he never slowed down. 

My breathing was picking up and my pace picked up as I started groaning and beying. I could feel the first pulses of my cum leave my cock as I let out a loud cry. I grabbed the back of his head and forced my cock all the way into his mouth and I held him there as I finished delivering my load. I could feel him gagging as I finished. He pulled off of my cock with and I was surprised by the horny look on his face. He was ready for his turn.

He pulled up and kissed me again. He had saved my load and we swapped it between our mouths for seemed like an eternity. The taste was explosive and I could feel my cock swelling again. I reached around and squeezed his ass cheeks as our kiss became more primal, desparate. We were working to a frenzy that accelerated as I ran my fingers around his asshole.

I finally rolled him over and shot down to his cock. I didn't even start slow, I engulfed his cock and was pumping him wildy. He was moaning and shcoked by the ferocity of my sucking. My tongue was swirling around his prick and I took him all the way in. I kept working him with my mouth as I put some baby oil on my hand and started rubbing his anus slowly. His moaning grew louder and I could feel his breathing pick up.

I slowly worked my index finger in and started finger fucking him while I kept up the assault on his cock. He started wiggling his ass around my finger and I could feel his asshole twitch as I fucked him faster with my finger. My pace was frantic now on both his cock and his asshole and I could tell he was ready to be fucked.

I finally sat up on the bed and guided him over to me. I oiled my cock and Sanjay lowered himself slowly onto my rod. He sat back on me wih his back against my chest and I started pumping him slowly. 

This was heaven, a young, tight ass wrapped around my cock while I slowly pumped him. I could feel his body shake as I picked up my fucking. I reached around to his chest, pinching his nipples with enough force to make him gasp with pain. My hands lowered to his cock and started jerking him off. He slid off of my chest and our bodies made a writhing V shape. His asshole was twitching around my cock and he wiggled his ass while he fucked me back. 

We were fucking hard now, my cock slamming into his ass and my hand pumping his cock with a greater pace. I started picking up the pace as my heart pounded and my breathing picked up. We were covered in sweat. Sanjay was quivering and moaning and I could tell he was ready to let go. I started groaning and shaking as my cock exploded into Sanjay's ass. We both groaned with delight as I climaxed and delivered my hot load. I could feel Sanjay's cock twitch and his balls tighten as he finally let his load fly. His entire body tightened up and he twiched wildly as he came. His hot cum splattered over both of our sweat coated bodies, a huge gob landing on my face right at my chin. He went limp after the last spasms forced the cum from his sweet cock. 

We lay there motionless for almost half an hour. Our breathing and heart rate dropped back to normal as we both kissed and fondled each other. Neither of us spoke, we didn't have to.