 As I handed the clerk my money, he half-heartedly wished me a nice time. Yes, I thought, I certainly intend on having one. Walking into the pitch-black theater, I thought about how long it’d been since I’d been here. Lately work had taken way too much of my time and I really was glad I had taken the day off. 

I enjoy watching porn at home as much as the next guy, but there is something I like about coming to the movie house, opening up my pants, exposing myself in this dark place, sliding my hand down and massaging my cock while building to a big, wet orgasm.

As my eyes adjusted to the light level, I watched some guy on the screen masturbate as he looked through his telescope at a different building. He had a great cock, and his stroking involuntarily moved my hand to the front of my pants. My dick was beginning to get that urge. Yes, I was going to have a nice time. Then the image cut, presumably to the apartment across the street, where another guy was on his knees sucking off his friend. I looked over the sparse afternoon crowd and saw two fellows sitting next to each other a few rows down so I slipped into a fairly comfortable seat right behind them. 

My cock was begging for attention, but I was determined to show some restraint, so I only rubbed myself through my pants. Then I heard the faint, but unmistakable sound of a fly being unzipped, and the guy in front of me lifted ever so slightly as I’m sure his trousers and shorts were moving to the floor. Yes, this was getting interesting. As his new friend’s arm started moving ever so slightly, I wondered, could he be starting to massage his neighbor? 

As I wondered whether I should enjoy their show from my seat here, my feet found the answer, and I moved to their row now sitting beside the pair. I looked over and they had that glazed over look you sometimes get at the theater when a new friend is touching you. I don’t think either of them knew I had joined them. Their eyes were on the screen, their hands were caressing each other’s dicks but their minds were in erotica. I didn’t want to disrupt them, but didn’t want to scare them either, so I leaned over and whispered to my mildly attractive neighbor if he minded that I sat here. That shook the both of them out of their sex stupor. The guy sitting next to me looked to be a 30ish blond and an older gentleman sat on his right. My neighbor hoarsely croaked “No”, which I took to mean ‘No, I don’t mind’. I said “thanks” and moved my right hand to just above his knee as I allowed my left to massage my still growing unit. Locked in unison, my left circled my cock while my right started to massage his thigh. I looked down into my friend’s crotches and I could see sprouted cocks, but it was so damn dark I couldn’t make out much detail.

My neighbor spread his legs a little more, his knee now touching mine. My heart jumped, oh how I loved this touch, this thrill, this sex. My hand continued its march, sliding north and reaching his balls and it felt so good, it was… it was clean shaven, what a feeling. As if my new friend’s cock was a magnet, I was being drawn to it, my lips parting over his smallish mushroom head. My tongue licking and loving his circumcision ring. I began to suck him. Up and down, in and out. I felt the other man’s hand on the base of the dick swelling in my mouth, and I tried swallowing a little more of that luscious prick. This cock was the right size it seemed. It fit in my mouth, and I just wanted to stay wrapped around this man’s penis all afternoon. 

I think I noticed the older guy move past me, then I felt my belt being undone and I lifted up so he could slide my pants down. I was determined to help him remove my pants and shorts and still keep this beautiful cock in my mouth. Once situated, a hand started to massage my backside, and then slid between my legs and grabbed my balls from underneath. I didn’t know a ball massage could be so stimulating. His soft hands felt so good sliding from my balls back to my delicate petal, which was just beginning to open. I felt a lovely little thumb-cock begin its assault. That really caused my pecker to jump. How much more could it possibly grow, responding to this buffet of physical stimuli? 

My other friend, the one who was carefully inspecting my mouth with his one-eyed probe, was so very excited. As was I. I discovered he was completely shaven. No pubic hairs in the region. I withdrew my mouth and licked around the base of his wet, shiny dick. Licked up the cock, ran my lips back down. My right hand quietly masturbated the top of his cock, until I could return my mouth. I felt like a choc-aholic. I could not suck this cock enough. It was so much fun to lick, kiss and slurp some more. I was trying to be lazy with his erection, trying to make him last. Behind me, my anal massage continued. By flower had almost completely yielded to his digital thrusting and then he’d surprise with a grope of my rock-hard rod, which was begging, straining for relief.

Suddenly, that unmistakable pelvic tilt told me I was on the verge of getting a face full of man love. I slid my mouth off, giving one more lingering kiss to that lovely cock cap, put the side of my neck next to his pulsing cock, squeezed him while he fucked my hand until he erupted all over my neck and then my face. I felt drenched in his come. I tried to wipe off some of his hot juices as I reached behind me, pulled out my attached butt-plug and sat back in my seat. The older fellow moved his hand to my crotch and began a slow stroking, from the top right to the base and then gripping hard before returning the up-stroke. My younger friend leaned over, put his arm around my shoulder and whispered in my ear, “Thank you so much, I really enjoyed that.” And then he moved his hand down and joined my other partner. I was getting a double hand jack. Their hands wanted to play little games, sometimes one hand would go up while the other went down and then they locked their hands together and attacked my raging hard-on with a coordinated effort.

I was so over-stimulated I didn’t last long. From the depths of my being, I could feel a tremendous wave building. I tried simultaneously to prolong my orgasm, and get them to make me explode. And then, volcanic come spewed from my dick. Everywhere it seemed, and lots of it. They had it on their hands, rubbing it back on to my slick cock, balls and thighs. Then, wham, another orgasm hit me. Though nearly dry, it had me bucking. Wanting for more.

I was panting like an Olympian. Coming like an Olympian was more like it, I laughed to myself. While the gentleman on my left still played with me, I leaned over and thanked him for making me feel so good, and apologized about not massaging him. I had every intention of giving him a hand job, but they had felt so good, all I could do was surrender to their ministrations.

He turned to me and said not to worry and slid something into my shirt pocket. “What’s this?” I queried. “A phone number, call us at your leisure, please.” Then they got their clothes fixed and said goodbye.

Maybe I had made some new friends. I’d certainly had that good time.