 The downtown bar scene was pretty good that night. I drank my share, danced with a half-dozen girls, any of which would have probably come home with me for some horizontal dancing, but somehow my focus wasn't really on them. After midnight, I left one bar and went to this upstairs place that had pool tables, because, as we all know, you play your best pool when you're just a little bit drunk, right? 

A couple of my friends were already there so I hung out with them and worked in a couple of partners games, holding the table for 4 rounds, not bad for continuing to pound beers down with no food other than popcorn for most of the night. 

After whipping up on yet another team of hopeless frat boys, I felt nature calling in the worst way, yes, my back teeth were floating, my eyes were getting yellow, I had to piss like Secretariat and the bathroom at the back of the bar was my destination and to get there, I cut through two groups of guys, not even paying attention to who was in them. 

In the door and bypassing the urinals, I stepped into a stall, unzipped the Levis and cut loose, only now able to breathe with all the pressure from my bladder being released and the rest of my internal organs had room to function again. Yes, I had to piss, badly. Remember the scene in "Austin Powers"? Yeah, that's about it and I was so intent, I barely heard the door open and someone else enter. 

I finished after what seemed hours and stepped out of the stall, tucking my shirt in and zipping up, and caught one of the frat boys staring with a sly grin on his face. Too buzzed to catch on, I shuffled to the sink to wash my hands.

"Feel better after that flood?" I heard behind me. 

"Second best feeling, I always say." I replied. 

"Yeah, I know what you mean, nothing like letting it flow." He said back. 

At this point, I was getting a bit weirded out at the direction this conversation was taking. After all, watersports were really not my thing. I glanced back in the mirror as I dried my hands to see him actually staring at my ass brazenly, so I took a moment to size him up. 

About 5'8", close-cropped medium blonde hair, a little fuzz under his chin, steel grey eyes and a lithe frame inside the Polo shirt and khaki cargo shorts. He was wearing Rainbow sandals and had no tanlines on his feet, indicating a lot of time going barefoot, a guy after my own heart really. All this in a microsecond glance while he openly ogled my ass. 

"Something I can help you with? Maybe a lesson in pool?" I teased him. 

"I was distracted that last game, I'm really much better than that." he replied. 

"Oh? Do you play any other stick and ball games too?"

"I know a few others, played my share of of of b b baseball and softball." He stuttered. I had to say, that struck me as cute. I decided to press my newfound advantage. 

"So what brought you into the same bathroom as me tonight? Looking for a rematch? You coulda just put your quarters on the table for the next game." I said. 

He eased forward and stared down at my crotch. "I'm thinking of another game right now that I'd like to try." And he pulled 4 quarters out of his pocket and laid them on the shelf next to the sink. I leaned back against the stainless steel and reached out with my left hand and flipped the deadbolt on the door. 

He reached out with both hands and started massaging up my thighs, ending together in the middle and roughly manipulating my cock and balls through the layers of fabric. Not that I minded and despite the blood alcohol level I had, I could feel a definite reaction to his efforts. 

Suddenly, I heard the door attempting to open and a voice cursing outside. The deadbolt lock prevented what would have been an unfortunate discovery, thankfully, then the sound of knocking. 

"Open up man, I need to take a piss!" from through the door. "Dude, you DO NOT want to be in here right now!" my new friend replied. This, of course was man code for "I'm taking a massive dump right now and it would burn your eyes out!". Actually, this was a very respectful thing to do for your fellow man. Besides, there was another bathroom on the other side of the bar, so all was not lost for Mr. Gotta-Pee. 

I relaxed a bit as I could hear him shuffle off and then my frat boy started his groping again and by now, blood flow to my extremities was in full swing. He grabbed my cock through my shorts and leaned forward, opening his mouth and tried to inhale the head through the cloth. I must've squirmed a bit at the intense feeling his assault was causing and his other hand wrapped around to my ass and pulled me tighter to his face. I could feel him mouthing the length of my cock and knew I needed to get my shorts down and damn fast!

I reached with my hands to my waistband and unbuttoned my shorts. While I did, he straightened up a bit and slid his cargo shorts off, revealing his greek-issue boxer shorts with ATO in a cute little design all over. The front was tenting out and I could tell with just a little tug, that his cock would easily poke through the fly. He must have read my mind because he reached down and pulled his cock through and started stroking it, but his eyes were fixed on my briefs as I slipped them down and released my straining cock into view. 

I leaned back against the sink again and idly started stroking while he stared. He mindlessly did the same and I took a moment to examine his "goods". A blunt head, wide slit, with a slight flare going into a straight shaft with heavy surface veins. As he stroked, the skin at the top of the shaft moved and it looked to me like he was uncircumsized. He was probably between 5 and 6 inches long, but through the fly it was difficult to tell for sure. A different cock from mine, for sure, but then, aren't they all different?

"Mmmmmmm, you've got a beautiful piece of meat!" he cooed, eyes fixed on my gently stroking hand. Yeah, I've heard that before from chicks, just before they give it a few token tugs and then demand I fuck them silly. This boy had other plans and I had every intention of letting him do as he liked, while we had the chance in this locked bar bathroom. 

As I stroked, clear fluid leaked from the head and dripped slowly to the floor. I knew I was turned on by the scene and this cock-hungry frat boy in front of me and was anxious to get it rolling again. 

"You gonna stare or what?" I challenged him. 

"Or what." he answered and dropped to his knees again. Mouth opening, tongue flicking out, catching the drooling precum and coating my cockhead with his saliva; the sensations sent thrills up my spine and my cock actually jumped off his tongue, then slapped back down. He opened his lips wider and engulfed the head, circling the flared glans with a firm pressure, generating a suction and causing more twitching. My balls had been drawn up slightly and now dropped as I relaxed and let him minister to the object of his lust. 

I could see him working his own cock below and I have to confess, the sight of another guy jacking off is fucking hot to me, but to have the same guy giving me an oral workout as well just makes it even hotter. 

Now, normally, my cock is firmly angled up and curved and having it pulled below the 3:00 mark can be painful, but given his position in front of me and the urgency of his oral efforts, I felt him pulling me down slightly, so I sagged at the knees to allow him better access and he took advantage, diving further down the shaft. I could feel the head reach the back of his throat and the sensations of the sponginess against the firm ring sent more shivers through me. This kid was no beginner, I'm sure he was quite popular in the frat house. 

The rhythm of his motion up and down the length of my cock was starting to break through the fading stupor of the last few hours drinking. All I could focus on was the exquisite sensations of his lips and tongue dancing across the tightly stretched skin, the coolness of the excess saliva dripping down the underside of my cock, and pooling in the pubic hair covering my balls. As they moved up and back, and at times slapping his chin as he dove deep, soon his chin was moist and sticky with a mixture of sweat, precum and spit. 

The deeper he dove, the more I could feel the resistance at the back of his throat give and then finally, he pushed all the way down, buried his nose into my pubes and held there, tongue squirming, cheeks billowing and retracting, creating a massaging feeling up and down the entire length of my cock. I felt my knees go weak, his hands grabbed both my ass cheeks to steady me, but he never backed off my cock. 

I glanced down and saw a puddle of cum below him and knew that he had shot off, probably when he went ball-deep on me; a real oral fixation he must have. Damn, my psychology classes were really coming in handy now!

Getting my bearings back, I regained control of my legs and reached out to his shoulders, at which point, he started moving up and down on my cock again. I placed one hand behind his head and gently started applying pressure on his down strokes. His eyes glanced up at me and seemed to encourage what I was doing, so I took my other hand and placed it on the side of his head, curling my fingers around to the back and matching the position with my other hand, started taking control of his head's movements. 

So this was skull-fucking eh? Kinda liked it and so was my frat boy, who relaxed and let me drive in and out of his mouth at the pace I wanted to. He had cum already and my turn was coming soon, I could feel it building. 

"You want me to cum?" I asked him

"MMmmph, yes" I could hear him say. I pulled him completely off my cock. 

"What was that?"

"Yes, I want you to cum" he answered, drool oozing from his lips and his tongue reaching out for my cockhead. 

"OK, that's what I wanted to hear, boy" and I slammed back into his open mouth. 

The rough treatment had his cock back at full mast so I knew he was getting off on it, but it wasn't going to be long before I was ready to pop. 

"Where do you want it, boy? In your mouth, on your face? Huh?" I taunted him. 

He reached up with a finger and pointed at his cheek, so I grunted and pulled his head further down, every stroke coming off to the extreme tip and going deep to the base. I could feel him moan every time I buried his nose in my groin and could feel my balls against his chin. 

Finally, I could feel the building surge from within, the boiling, the churning, my balls drew up and I swear the shaft of my cock expanded and I pulled him away till just the head was inside his mouth and I started to jet cum into his greedy throat, coating his tongue, tonsils and teeth, filling his mouth with shot after shot. I held his throat, keeping him from swallowing until I was through. 

When I felt like the last spurt was gone, I pulled out and rested the tip on his clenched lips and allowed him to swallow the massive load he had milked from me, but as he did, one more spurt forced it's way out, covering his lips and nostrils. He reached up and scraped the cum off his face and then grabbed his cock with the cum-soaked hand and began pulling desperately. I leaned back and watched as he finished for the second time, adding to the puddles of cum in the floor below him. 

I zipped up and turned around to wash my hands again. Behind me, I could hear him zipping up as well. I nodded to him as I walked over to the door and flipped the lock open, then slipped out the door, down the hall and back into the noisy bar. A few minutes later, I spotted him rejoin his frat buddies, laughing and joking as if nothing had happened. 

Gotta say, I acted the same. I ordered another beer and walked over to my friends and got ready for the next game of pool. 

To be continued, comments and suggestions are welcome, but be warned, this is based on an actual experience. Some literary freedom is necessary, but the basics are as I remember them.