 This is the story of another time. The Vietnam war was tearing the country apart and young people were beginning to throw off the outdated rules of a society. The year was 1969 and the place was Boulder Colorado where two young men met and embraced their homosexuality. It is also a story of dominance and submission and the myriad emotions these roles bring forth in men as they seek to find their own place in the world. And ultimately it is a story of love between two men.

I would just like to add, it was also a time before the polite word of 'gay' was in common use and homosexuals faced strongly held prejudices in all parts of the country. In the language of that time, to be a homosexual was to be a 'queer' or a 'fag'. It also meant facing a real risk to ones very life. I have retained the use of these terms in the story because to do otherwise would present a false sense of the times. But, I ask the reader to understand that I only use such words because these are the words our characters would have used. In fact I have also used the word 'gay' in the story to somewhat soften the abrasive repetition of the 'Q' word, but in reality this word was not in common use in most of the country until a decade or more after the time of this story. So I must also ask those older readers to bear with this small transgression to the historical accuracy. I mention this so the reader will not be offended when you stumble upon a word here that might, under normal circumstances, seem derogatory. You will note that our characters use the words to describe themselves in the vernacular of their time and were just as proud of their homosexuality as the 'gays' of today are.

As always, your comments and votes are appreciated.

*****************

What had started as a peaceful rally against the war in Vietnam had evolved into a raucous Halloween street party, and that had eventually degenerated into a drunken riot. Shawn had participated for awhile but was now sitting with a group of six or seven other young hippies on a small grassy slope on the University side of the street known locally as The Drag. It had been fun sitting there watching the antics of the increasingly drunken and stoned crowd, but now several of the young men were no longer content to simply impede the traffic, but were instead forcing passing cars to a standstill and jumping on the tops and hoods until they were crushed in. Even to Shawn and the wasted new friends surrounding him it was obvious that the party had turned ugly. 

BOOM...BOOM...BOOM! The reverberations of the three closely spaced blasts stopped Shawn in mid motion as he was bringing the bottle of cheap Ripple wine to his lips. To Shawn it seemed as if time instantly slowed to a crawl. He watched as the crowd became like a sluggish river flowing away from the source of the explosions. A full blown panic quickly broke out amid the screams and rising smoke from the bombs. Without thought or plan Shawn found himself on his feet and joining in the panic to flee the danger. 

Shawn had only run a few yards when he felt a strong hand on the sleeve of his jacket and a voice shouting, "Follow me!"

Turning, Shawn placed the shouting voice with the face of the new friend he had just been sitting with. Trig had only recently returned from an eighteen month tour of duty in Vietnam. He and Shawn had been sitting on the grass talking and sharing their wine as they watched the party in the street. The two had hit it off right away despite their difference in age. At nineteen Shawn had led a sheltered life until several months ago when he had left home to journey to San Francisco. It had been his desire to be a part of the counter culture happenings there, but Boulder and the Rocky Mountains had strummed a perfect chord within him and he never moved on. Trig on the other hand was 24 and during his time in Saigon had become jaded toward the war, the lies, the corruption and finally, life in general. He wandered his way into Colorado trying to find some of the peace that he had lost.

"Come on! We don't want to go that way!" Trig shouted as he veered away from the crowd and ran further onto the University campus.

Shawn allowed the older man to take charge and guide him. He followed Trig as he jumped over a low wall, assuming he must have more experience in this kind of thing than he did. And in this case Trig had guessed correctly that the explosions were combo teargas/concussion grenades set off by the police in order to move the crowd. In fact the crowd was being moved just as planned toward of a larger force of cops who were already rounding up the first wave of panicked young people. But soon enough, Trig had led them deeper into darkness and the quiet campus. As the noise of the crowd faded, the two slowed to a walk.

"Damn it," exclaimed Shawn "I lost my wine."

They both laughed at the absurdity of the statement and Trig replied, "No problem. I'm pretty sure I have some at my place." Then added, "You're welcome to come over, it'll probably be best to stay off the streets tonight."

"Thanks man. I appreciate it."

"No problem, I don't really feel like ending the night anyway and could use some company." Even as Trig was speaking he felt that old familiar stirring again in his loins. Earlier he had already been trying his best not to be too obvious about the attraction he felt for Shawn as they sat and watched the street party. This was the first time since leaving Vietnam he had felt the old familiar desires. But Shawn's youthful exuberance, the long curly locks of hair framing his face and the way he filled his Levis had seemed to somehow lift a dark cloud that had been shadowing him for a long time. The lad's innocence and delicate beauty was like a breath of fresh air to the jaded soldier. As the two young men continued to walk and talk, Trig wondered quietly to himself if it could again be possible to find the same joy he had known with Master Sgt. Keller. And at the thought of his old sergeant, Trig smiled remembering how he had been taught what it meant to address his sergeant with just the one word; Master.

Trig had been a frightened, wet-behind-the-ear young man from Palco, Kansas when he arrived in country. Little did he realize what a sweet assignment he had drawn as he first searched out the warehouse in Saigon where he would spend the next eighteen months. His post was an oddity among the many Army facilities, because what he had eventually found that day was a small central supply warehouse specifically set up for the various non-military offices of the US government in Saigon. And as it turned out it was manned by just two men, Master Sgt. Keller and one corporal. And that corporal would be Trig. The quarters consisted of a small attached apartment with two bedrooms. It was clear from the beginning that the whole operation was Master's domain and he took no crap from any of the other supply clerks that had to go through him to get everything they needed to function. And it didn't take long for Master to also make it clear that the second bedroom wouldn't be needed.

Trig had never even known a homosexual growing up in Kansas. In fact he had never even heard the proper term. The extent of his knowledge consisted of teenage jokes and comments about queers, fags and homos. But Master had wasted little time beginning to seduce and educate him into the new lifestyle that he would come to crave. Master had started Trig's education simply by using graphic magazines and paperback novels, the likes of which he had never seen. Pornography of all kind was abundant in the apartment and a good portion of it contained homosexual content. Next, Master had made him feel silly and immature for being shy about nudity and open masturbation in the same room together. So in an effort to appear a real man of the world, Trig joined Master in the nightly jack-off sessions as they looked at erotic pictures of every conceivable sexual act. After getting used to being naked with another man, Master had coaxed Trig to touch 'it' one night, and after that it just seemed natural to begin fondling and stroking one another in their mutual loneliness and lust. Very soon thereafter it became part of the young corporal's job description to jack his sergeant off almost every night as they drank beer and smoked pot.

Finally, when Master knew his young sub was ready, he had taken the still innocent Trig to a very special show at a tavern located on a dark and seedy Saigon wharf. There Trig witnessed live stage acts of the ways men have pleasured one another throughout the ages. Never had the young man seen anything like this and never had he been so aroused. That night, in full view of the other men in the bar, Master had forced Trig's pants down and manhandled his erection as they sat at their table watching the show. At first Trig had resisted, but then he noticed other older men with their boys doing similar things and he capitulated to Master's strong hands, and his even stronger will, as his pants were forced to his ankles. It felt so strange at first being exposed like that in public. And he felt the most intoxicating combination of humiliation and pleasure as he allowed another man to fondle him in full view of the others in the bar. All of the words he had heard as a boy growing up in Kansas rang in his ears; words like fag and queer. And looking down at his own cock, now swollen hard and standing straight up, Trig realized and began to acknowledge for the first time that he was a queer.

At that moment Trig knew his erection was telling the truth even if he was still trying to deny it. He also admitted to himself that this felt more pleasurable than anything he had ever experienced, and for some reason he wanted to please Master and make him proud, so swallowing his own pride Trig had even stripped off his own shirt and sat passive as Master roamed his hands over his nude body. Trig quickly figured out that part of the allure to this particular bar was that he and the other 'boys' were actually part of the entertainment. Men at the nearby tables watched Master enjoy Trig's body and one old Vietnamese sailor was even slowly jacking himself off as he stared at them. When some of the men gave the thumbs up sign, Master just nodded and smiled at them. It was at that moment that Trig realized that he was proud that Master was his man. And even more, he was actually proud to be sitting with his pants around his ankles while other men watched with obvious envy as Master enjoyed his naked body.

Later that night Master had taken him. Trig had been aroused from the show and more than ready to give it all up after the weeks of slow and careful seduction. That night he submitted to being Master's boy. No specific words of submission were spoken, none were needed. Those words would come later. But even without spoken words, both men knew what was being given. Trig didn't know the depth of his giving yet, only Master knew that, but he instinctively knew he was surrendering his manhood to another. Perhaps it was being away from the normalcy of home, or perhaps it was that Sgt. Keller was his ranking NCO, but for whatever reason Trig embraced the new role he was taking. Without resistance, without a word of protest, he had become Master's bitch-boy.

That first night had been one of the most amazing and memorable events in Trig's young life. Master was not only a physically beautiful specimen of a warrior, but he was also an accomplished dominant lover and was experienced in all of the ways of bringing pleasure to a sub male. When they returned to the apartment after the show, Master pulled his new boy tightly against his own strong body and pushed his tongue between the quickly yielding lips. Trig instinctively knew and accepted his position as the submissive and sucked Master's tongue into his mouth as he returned that first kiss seeking desperately to please his man.

Having just witnessed the live stage show in which young Asian men had engaged in every gay sexual act he had seen in the porn magazines, Trig also knew what was about to happen next as his new Master took his hand and led him towards the bedroom. And again he accepted his place. He knew and accepted what would be required of him that night, and every night from now on. And Master did not disappoint him in his expectations as he initiated Trig for hours. Over and over Trig had been required to service and worship the cock that seemed to never flag in its virility. Over and over Master had emptied his seed into Trig's receptive body. And, over and over that long night Trig had learned to beg for more of Master's strength. And each time his Master did not disappoint.

As he walked along, Trig smiled again at the fond memory of that time.

"What's so funny?" he heard Shawn ask.

"Huh?"

"You've been smiling for the last five minutes."

"Oh, I'm just stoned I think and it's just the giggles after the rush of the riot." Trig lied to cover up his actual thoughts.

Then, grateful for the darkness that hid the bulge in his pants, he wrapped his arm around the younger man in a friendly gesture and said, "Come on, my place is just down here. 

***************

Trig and Shawn became best of friends after meeting that night of the "Great Halloween Riot of 1969", as everyone jokingly referred to it thereafter. As time went forward it became obvious to Trig that Shawn knew nothing of the gay lifestyle. But he also noticed in the younger man's personality certain telltale traits that led him to think that Shawn would be open to seduction if handled properly. The more he got to know him, the more Trig saw that Shawn was a very sensitive, gentle and artistic person. And as the friendship grew, so also did Trig's desire to posses the younger man as his lover. 

Finally, after considerable thought, Trig decided to try and seduce Shawn in a way similar to what Master had done for him. He not only wanted this for himself, but he truly desired to be the one to introduce the inexperienced youth to the pleasures of loving a man. As he plotted his moves, Trig found it ironic that he would now be the Master after so long as a sub-bottom boy. But the desires he had for Shawn were definitely those of a dominant male. It would be different, but he actually found himself desiring and ready for such a relationship. Perhaps it was just like Master had told him about the ancient Greeks; where the older warrior would take a younger man under his wing in order to impart knowledge through mentoring and strength through his semen. If that were all true, then Trig had certainly been given enough of Master's semen to be as strong as any two men! He just hoped he could perform as well in this new role as Master had done for him.

As the friendship continued to deepen on a natural course, Trig contacted his old Sergeant still in Nam and soon a steady stream of packages arrived with a grand assortment of porn that could not be found in America. Shawn was spending more and more time at Trig's apartment and it wasn't long before the erotic pulp novels were noticed.

"Hey, what's this?" Shawn asked one day as he spied a small stack of the paperbacks.

"Oh, that's just some sex stories a friend sent over from Nam. Go ahead and take a look if you want, you won't find anything like that here in Boulder."

Shawn thumbed through the first book on the stack for awhile then whistling said,"Man, you're right about that! I've never seen anything like this before."

"Take a couple home with you if you'd like." Then laughing Trig added, "Just don't cum on the pages!"

Laughing, Shawn came back, "Screw you! They're probably already stuck." Then after a brief pause he added, "But I'll take a couple anyway just to check 'em out."

As Shawn continued to scan through some of the pages, Trig's eyes were drawn to the significant bulge in the young man's pants. The shaft of Shawn's cock was obvious and even the head was well defined through the denim. "Damn" he thought to himself "that boy is hiding a nice piece of meat in there." It took all of his will power to resist going to Shawn and embracing him, but Trig knew it would take time and patience to turn that angelic young man sitting there devouring porn into his boy. Trig had to remind himself that the last thing he wanted to do was frighten the prize away before he could be captured.

Over the course of the next several weeks, Trig kept a fresh supply of the explicit reading material available. And young Shawn was burning through a paperback every few days. Then slowly Trig began to introduce stories with short scenes of bisexual, gay or lesbian sex. Shawn read them and never said a word about the homosexual parts. Finally Trig laid out some books that were entirely homosexual in content and watched for Shawn's reaction. The first day they were out, Shawn chose an obvious homosexual title about two sailors stranded on a deserted island and took it home with him.

Trig was a bit nervous when Shawn didn't come over the next day, thinking he might have pushed him too fast. But several days later, his young friend came by to visit and return the book.

"That must have been a good one," Trig joked as Shawn replaced the book. "You took several days on that one. Here, let me see what you read." Pausing to read the title, Trig continued, "Oh ye-ah, that's a hot one isn't it? I read that one a couple of times myself."

"Ye-ah, it was good... I mean...different all right," Shawn stammered, embarrassed at his acknowledgment that he enjoyed the homosexual content.

"I've got a few more like that if you want to read some more."

"Ah...sure, I guess so." Shawn answered, trying to act nonchalant but unable to stop his blush.

"Hey, don't be embarrassed. Guys read this queer stuff all the time in Nam. If it weren't hot we wouldn't all be getting boners reading it would we?" Trig joked in order to lighten Shawn's tension as he walked to his bedroom to choose a couple of new gay stories for his pretty young initiate to read.

As the weeks marched by, Shawn chose to read explicit gay stories almost exclusively, he also became more and more interested and open in conversation about homosexuality. At times when the opportunity was right, Trig explained some of the history of male to male sexual relations and how it is viewed differently in some societies, that it is normal for men to feel attraction to one another, and just tried to answer any questions he could. Finally, one night when Shawn was hanging out at Trig's pad it seemed that it was time to the make the next move.

"Hey, I just got some nude magazines from my buddy, want'a see 'em?"

Somewhat stoned and drunk Shawn replied, "Sure."

Trig returned from his bedroom with a large stack of magazines and on the top of the pile was one of Asian women being screwed in every possible way by men with freakishly large cocks. The photos were of good quality and very arousing to both of the horny young men. The next one was a very nicely done glossy magazine exclusively of lesbians. The two young men devoured every photo, becoming more aroused with the turning of each new page. The third one in the pile was of gay and bisexual content. Now for the first time Shawn was seeing pictures of what he had only been reading about. He felt a tightening in his chest as he gazed at the images and found them to be even more arousing than the pictures he had painted in his imagination. Here in vivid detail were actual men doing the things that he had been fantasizing about the last few weeks. He was too ashamed to admit it yet, but these were the acts he had started imagining doing himself as he jacked himself off and spilled his fresh cream onto his firm young body. Never had he seen anything like this, and never had he been so aroused!

"Pretty hot, eh?" Trig asked about midway through the magazine.
