  Hope you like Ch.2. Comments really motivate me to get these out sooner so let loose. Comment away! Thanks if you do! :)

*****

I woke up the next day feeling great. I can't wait to hang out with Josh later. I looked over at my brother and he wasn't there. He most likely had to work early. I got up and checked the time. It was 9:00. I went to my kitchen to make some breakfast for myself and my mom was in there doing the same.

"What's up sleepy head, long time no see. Want some breakfast?" She asked me.

"Yes please,"

"Where were you yesterday? I got home and you weren't here."

"Oh after school I went to hang out with a friend."

"Oh, Ok well, this should be ready in about five minutes. I'll let you know."

"Alright thanks mom."

I went back to my room passing the living room on the way. Tommy and his girlfriend were still sleeping. I went into my room and plopped down onto my bed. 

I started to fall back asleep when my phone started buzzing against my leg. I quickly fished it out and checked it. It was Josh calling.

"Hey Josh."

"Hey Angel, did I wake you?"

"No, actually I just woke up about five minutes ago." 

He laughed, "Same here, so what time are you able to go to the park?"

"Well I'll be ready whenever you are after I eat and shower." 

"Cool call me when your ready, and I'll go for you."

"Ok,"

"Bye Angel see you in a little bit."

"Bye Josh."

We hung up and I went to take a shower. When i got out breakfast was ready and everyone was just starting to eat. I sat at the table alone while my mom, brother and his girlfriend sat on the couch. 

"Thank you mom."

"Your welcome."

"Angel are you trying to skate before it gets too hot?" Tommy asked me,

"Nah, imma go to the park after I eat with a friend."

"Is your friend a girl?" My mom asked,

I didn't respond vocally just shook my head no. I hate that they question me about girls. 

Around the time when I was in elementary I was using my laptop in my room alone. I had the door shut and the lights off. I was still unsure of my sexuality not that I thought about it that much at the time. Curiosity got the best of me that day. 

I didn't really now there was porn sites at the time so I was using YouTube. I remember searching things like guys kissing and guy kissing guy. I wasn't really finding anything so I stopped using the internet and started playing those games in the start bar.

Out of nowhere my brother came into my room and told me to let him use the laptop. I tried to log out of my profile right away but Tommy told me to just let him use it. He grabbed it from me and left the room. I felt horrible, I knew being gay wasn't something people easily accepted. I layed down in the dark for awhile my mind thinking of all the bad things that could happen. While I was thinking I heard my brother Tommy make a noise of disgust from the living room and I knew he had seen it.

My two brothers and mom were together when he saw it. I don't know for sure but I think Tommy told them right away. I cried until I fell asleep under my blanket.

The next morning I went out to get cereal and Dennis, Tommy and one of his friends were in the living room. I got a bowl of cereal and sat down on the couch. I don't remember how me and my brother Dennis started insulting each other but we did. The ending remark from my brother was,

"At least I don't look up gay shit on the internet."

I stayed quiet after that. The rest of the memory is a blur. 

Ever since then I've come to terms with being gay but I'm not ready to tell anyone. 

For some reason my family pretends that day never happened. 

I was and still am worried about how my family will react. When I think about it now it's kinda funny but I still wish that it didn't happen. It just bothers me each time they bring up a girl with me. I know they know. But hey, everything's meant to be right.

I finished my food and went to my room to get ready. Once I was done I sat on my brothers bed and called Josh. 

"Hey, I'm ready whenever you are."

"Cool, I'll be there in a little bit."

"Ok, bye"

"bye,"

I hung up and got up to go outside. I said bye to everyone and that I'll be back later. I got outside and josh was pulling up. He had that smile on his face that gave my body the chills. I got in the car.

"Morning handsome, ready for some football?"

My smile erupted. "Football?"

"Well more like catch but I do want to play two hand touch." He winked at me.

I felt myself blush and I looked out the window. He started driving to the park and he grabbed my hand. Warmth shot through my body and I looked at him. He was looking at the road but he had a little smirk on his face. I enjoyed the warmth of his hand the rest of the drive.

When we got there we got out and josh grabbed a football from his trunk. We walked towards the far end of the park where there was less people. 

"Can you catch Angel?"

"Yea," 

"Go for a pass."

"Ok,"

I smiled as I ran a good distance between us. I turned to josh and the ball was already in the air. I got ready to catch it and it fell right into my arms. I took a couple steps back and tripped over my own feet. I landed on my butt and layed in the grass. I looked up at the clouds pass until Josh's was standing over me. From my angle his bulge was very viewable. 

"You Ok, Angel?" He put his hand out for me.

"Yea, tripped over myself."

He brushed some dirt out of my hair and then off my shoulders. Each touch sent small shocks throughout my body. I couldn't help but stare into his eyes as he focused on the dirt on me. He eyes shifted to mine and we locked for a second. Josh's eyes looked around then back to mine. They glazed over and I felt his hands grab my sides. He leaned in to where our lips were barley separated. I closed the gap quickly and Josh groaned. We kissed closed mouth for a couple seconds. Josh was first to pull back. He looked into my eyes and said,

"I've been dying to kiss you since you got in my car."

I just smiled and he returned a bigger a one. He kept looking into my eyes and I couldn't look away. I grabbed the football from his arm and took a couple steps back. He looked like he just woke up from a daze. 

"Go for a pass."

He smiled at me and jogged away from me. His butt in those basketball shorts looked amazing. He turned back to me and I threw the ball. I had thrown it sloppy because of my distraction. Josh had to run a few feet back towards me to catch it. He caught it easily and jogged back towards me. When he got close he didn't show down. He tackled me to the ground and laughter erupted from me. Josh was on top of me tickling me.

"Ahh! Josh, stop... Josh!" I couldn't stop laughing. He was laughing that deep laugh over me. He finally stopped and said,

"Good to know your ticklish and very cute when your laughing."

His words even sent shivers through me. My hand reached up to his neck and grasped it. I pulled him down to me and our lips met and locked. This time Josh's tongue wanted entry. He poked at my closed lips and I opened them. His warm soft tongue began rubbing and tasting mine. I moaned into his mouth. We kissed for a minute then josh stood and pulled me up with him. 

We threw passes to each other for a little while. Josh snagging kisses in between. Once we both worked up a sweat we went to the parks recreation center for some water. 

While I was drinking from the I heard a girl talk to Josh,

"Hey Josh, long time no see."

I stopped drinking water and looked towards the voice. Josh was already turned to the girl. She looked like one of those pretty stuck up girls. Her shirt was basically leaking cleavage. I didn't like her.

"Oh hey Wendy, what's up?"

"Nothing much just saw you and thought I'd say hi, hi."

Josh laughed and said, "What have you been up to lately?"

"Nothing much just school and I got a job recently too."

"Where at?"

"Don't laugh but I work at Wendy's."

Josh did laugh and so did Wendy. She reached out and put her hand on his shoulder. I stood and watched awkwardly.

Wendy stopped laughing and said,

"Hey you wanna go for a walk and catch up?"

"Oh maybe another time. I'm actually with my friend Angel." Josh turned and looked at me then she did. She looked for maybe half a second, maybe, then back to Josh.

"Oh, alright well, call me." She grabbed his hand and pulled a pen from her pocket. She wrote her number, flashed a big smile and walked away.

Josh turned to the water fountain and he drank from it. I felt a little sting of jealousy how she did that. I wanted to ask who she was but didn't. Josh finished drinking and looked at me. He was pretty sweaty which made him look sexier. 

"God that sun kills me. It's probably one hundred degrees out there." 

I didn't reply just shook my head.

"Wanna play pool or foosball in here?"

"Yea sure."

Josh went to the lady at the front desk. They exchanged a school id for the little ball. Josh came back with it and put it in the middle. 

"Ready to lose Angel?" He had a big smile on his face.

"I'm ready to win I don't know about losing."

"Alright, we'll see."

We started playing and soon it was 3-2 and I was winning. In the next couple minutes josh passed me 8-7. We were both laughing and really into the game. Josh finally won at 10-8. 

"Told you I'd win handsome."

"Lets play again."

"Nah, I'm good right now."

I laughed, "You just don't want to lose."

He raised an eyebrow at me and took a few steps towards me. He quickly reached out and tickled me. I jumped back laughing. Josh continued to approach me with a big grin on his face.

I turned and ran out of the recreation center and into the field I turned and saw josh running after me. I was running hard to stay out of Josh's reach but I'm sure he wasn't running his fastest. Once we were far into the park my legs started to burn and josh was getting closer. Josh grabbed me and i jumped a little because he caught up quicker than I thought he would. He pulled me into his arms and we fell to the soft grass floor. We laughed together as we rolled around in the grass. 

We ended up laying side by side panting on the grass. After we caught our breath Josh turned to me and said,

"Lets get to know each other better ask me a question and ill ask you one and so on."

"Ok, umm, when's your birthday?"

"It's next month on the seventh. Ok, where are you from?"

"I'm from San Diego, California. You?"

"Wow, I'm actually from Los Angeles. What's your favorite type of music?"

"Hip hop but not that drug and money type. The type with more of a message that affects you positively." I smiled at him a little shyly and he smiled back. I thought about my next question.

"How long have you known you were gay?"

He laughed a little and said, "Since freshman year when I saw you."

I smiled and blushed and he popped a quick kiss on my lips. He asked his question. "Have you had any girlfriends or boyfriends?"

"No I haven't. You?"

He looked at the grass and paused for a second, "Yea actually just a couple girlfriends." I think josh tried to change the subject with his next question. "What's your favorite pass time?"

"Umm, drawing and skating." 

Before I could ask my next question he said,

"Man I didn't know you skate, that's awesome. Can you do any tricks?"

"Yea I can do some. I'll show you next time I have my board. Well, umm, so are you bi or just gay?"

"Honestly Angel I'm bi." He looked at me and I looked down at the grass. I didn't really like that but he was him. "And you?"

"Gay," I didn't meet his eyes when i said it. We stopped for a second then josh poked my side.

"Ask another question babe." I looked at his eyes when he called me that. I felt some more courage at the moment and asked, "Are you a virgin?"

He answered quickly, "Yea, you?"

I looked at him and he was looking back. I was happy that he was a virgin. I studied his face for a little then answered him.

"Yea, the only thing I've ever done with someone is kiss them and that's you."

"Awwww," he teased and poked me again. He stood up and put his hand out for me to grab it. I did and he easily pulled me up. His phone started ringing and he answered it.

"Hello... Ya dad I did... No, I'm not ly-... Alright! Bye." Josh's voice escalated throughout the phone call. He sounded mad, I've never heard him sound like this before. He looked at me.

"Sorry Angel, my dads being an asshole right now and I gotta go. Want me to take you home?"

"Yea," We started walking to the car in an uncomfortable silence. "Anything wrong at home?" 

Josh looked at me and said, "Nah, I just didn't clean up the backyard. I wanted to see you." 

"Don't get in trouble because of me."

"It's whatever really, my Dad always finds a way to yell at me for some reason and getting in trouble is worth seeing you."

I smiled laughed a little. Josh did too.

"Little too cheesy huh?" He asked.

"Nope, I liked it." I gave him a smile. 

We got to his car and got in. When we started driving he grabbed my hand and held it as we went. His hands were so warm. I looked over at him and he was focused on the road. I checked him out again. God he was so handsome. I loved the beard it made him look more mature and sexier. He turned and looked and winked at me before looking back to the road. How did I get so lucky?

When we were in front of my house I looked at the time it was 3:47. 

"Later on tonight you wanna go for a drive up to the mountains? I know a great spot with a amazing view."

"Yea, I haven't been up there in awhile." 

"Cool, I'll call you later babe." He leaned in and I met him for a kiss. I thought I was gonna be a quick pop but josh put his hand on my neck so I wouldn't pull away. His tongue explored mine for a minute and Josh pulled away and adjusted his pants. I looked at his crotch and there was no denying the bulge. It was big. I looked at Josh and he winked at me. I'm sure I turned a deep red.

"I'll call you In a couple hours angel."

I got out of his car now sporting a bulge of my own. I couldn't go inside with it yet so I stood outside for a little. Before josh took off his checked me out and I'm positive he spotted my bulge too because I got a text saying,

'Nice tent babe. ;)'

I laughed shyly and replied, 'You too, :)'

I waited outside till my hard on was gone. When it was I went to open the door but it was locked. I knocked but nobody answered. I went to check if my window was locked and it wasn't so I jumped through. Nobody was home. Dennis should be getting back from work soon. I went to take a shower to wash off all the sweat from earlier.

When I was in the restroom I couldn't resist masturbating. The way josh calls me babe was hot. His voice gets all husky whenever he does. The he smells when he gets sweaty was a big turn on. And that smile. His smile was big, white, and amazing. All these thoughts pushed me over the edge and I couldn't stop the orgasm.

When I got out nobody was home yet so I decide to take a nap. When I layed down it wasn't long till I fell asleep. 

I woke up later on to the bed shaking. I looked around and saw josh sitting on the edge with a smile.

"Josh? When did you get here?"

"Just now. Your brother let me in. Get up sleepy head lets go before we miss the sunset."

"Alright." I got up and had basketball shorts on with at shirt. I started to go through my closet but Josh said,

"You look fine Angel just put some shoes on."

I looked at him then grabbed some tennis shoes. After I put them on we went to leave. 

"I'll be back later." I told Dennis.

"Peace out man." Josh held his hand out to Dennis. He looked at it for a second then shook it.

"Peace," Dennis said,

We got in his car and soon we were driving up the mountain. We drove in silence listening to some music. He held my hand the whole way there. He slowed down and parked in a dirt patch on the side of the road. He was right it was amazing. You could see the whole city from here and the sunset was a beautiful red and orange color.

"It's beautiful." I said.

"It is," Josh said looking at me.

I turned to him and he leaned into me. His car didn't have a middle compartment so we were comfortable. He kissed me deeply sending new sensations down my body. He put a hand on my neck and pulled me deeper into the kiss. I groaned and loved what he was doing with his tongue. His tongue retreated and he started popping light kisses on my lips. He pulled back and looked at me. His lips were centimeters from mine and I could feel his hot breath as he said,

"God Angel your so handsome I can hardly stand it. I just want to kiss you everytime I see you." His voice was husky and it was making my shorts tent.

He looked down and saw my tent. I looked at his and sure enough his was there. He reached for the hem of my shirt and grasped it. He looked me in the way asking me with no words. I nodded and he helped me raise it over my head. His warm hands explored my body and I loved the feeling. 

"Your so sexy babe." Josh whispered to me. I've never thought of myself ever being told I was sexy but It made me soar.

He kissed me again and ran his hands up and down my back. I grabbed at his hem and quickly pulled it over his head. My jaw dropped. His chest and stomach were covered in hair. His pecs were big, and the hair on his chest was thickest in the middle. I ran my hand through the hair and he groaned. I leaned forward and kissed his chest. I kissed down to his right nipple and lightly kissed it.

"That feels great babe."

I kissed down his furry stomach and rubbed my face against it. I licked at his stomach and he pulled me up to him.

"You like my body hair Angel?"

"I love it. It's really sexy."

"I feel the same as you." He kissed me then kissed down to my chin then to my chest. He repeated what I did to him. When he got to my nipple he sucked it into his mouth and lightly bit it.

"Oh Josh!"

He chuckled then did the same to the other. He kissed down my stomach and to my waistband. He went back up amd put his lips to my ear. He whispered,

"Angel I want to take care of you, will you let me?"

I looked him in the eye and nodded my head. He kissed me again as he pulled my shorts down. He sucked on my neck as he pulled down my boxers. I felt my dick spring up. 

"Your beautiful baby." He kissed me and gripped my dick. He started moving his hand up and down and I moaned his name. He moved down and looked me in the eye as he did. His lips were inches from my dick. He slowly stuck his tongue out and licked up the whole shaft. I almost sprang out of my seat. He put his warm hand on my chest to hold me down to the seat.

The next thing he did made me see stars. He took my whole dick into his mouth and started sucking. 

"Oh god Josh!"

It was only a couple of minutes and I was close to my orgasm. I told Josh and he sucked harder. That was it for me. I came into his mouth and he continued to suck and swallow. My body stiffened then went limp. He licked me clean then pulled up my boxers and shorts. He came up and kissed me his tongue invading my mouth. I could taste myself.

"You taste sweet baby."

I was exhausted and felt my eyelids grow heavy. I reached for his waistband but he grabbed my hand. 

"This was for you baby. Go to sleep." I looked at him and he kissed me lightly. I leaned back and fell asleep instantly.

Josh watched me sleep for a while wondering how he got me. He watched the end of the sunset then started the drive home.