  This story doesn't follow the same angel as in Angel Ch.1. This is its own story. All characters 18+. More soon to come. Comments and favorites really help me put out these chapters sooner, favorite it or leave a comment if you like. Enjoy!

*****

"Angel, sir sit up." 

I was woken up from sleep by someone shaking me. Then I heard my teachers voice asking me to sit up. I lifted my head from my crossed arms. The brightness of the lights made my eyes squint while they adjusted. I rubbed them and looked around. Everyone in the classroom was looking at me. 

"Angel put your head down again and you can stand for the rest of the period."

I didn't say anything I just looked back at my teacher. He gave me a little stern look. Everyone that was looking at me had turned back around. I turned to my friend Thomas and he was laughing at me. I laughed a little too and Mr. Rodriguez went on with the lesson. 

I looked around and saw him. Josh De Santiago was talking to a friend with a big smile on his face. I couldn't help but stare 

at him for a little. He was slightly taller than me. He's in football but I'm not sure what position. He had a scruffy beard that was longest at his chin. With deep brown eyes and he had that muscular but with a little cushion on top type of body so he looked like he had a chubby belly. That was fine by me, actually it's pretty hot. He's hot. 

I stared for too long because he turned and met my eyes. I hadn't said a word to him since my freshman year. Even then I didn't really even talk to him. I would hang out with his step brother Ben sometimes. 

He didn't look mad or anything, he actually had a little smirk on his face. He lifted his chin at me saying what's up. I suddenly had butterflies in my stomach. I glanced at the floor then back at him and slightly tilted my chin upwards. 

He looked at me for a second longer than turned back to our teacher teaching.

I tried to pay attention to the teacher but my mind was on Josh. The way he looked for a little longer had me thinking. What could that mean. I almost put my head down again but caught myself. 

I just kept it up and fell into a daydream. Right now were three weeks into senior year. I'm passing all my classes except for astronomy. I'm usually on top of my grades but lately I've been feeling really tired. I need to go to the library soon to see what assignments im missing soon. 

During the day dream my teacher had said to get into groups of two and I didn't notice. Thomas tapped my shoulder and told me we were partners. Then he had us stand up and arrange the desks into fours. 

"Alright, now that the desks are in fours I want a team on one side and a team on the other. I'll choose what teams sit where." 

He started telling groups to sit in certain places. I looked around and saw josh partnered up with one of his football buddies. 

"Thomas and Angel sit by the door with, Ethan and Josh." 

I was still looking at josh when our teacher said our names. He looked up and met my eyes. I felt the butterflies again and turned to sit down at the table. When Josh and Ethan came to sit I tried to avoid eye contact with Josh. I didn't last long because josh said what's up to me and put out his hand. I shook it and said what's up back. I looked up at him and he glanced at me then to Thomas. He shook Thomas's hand too. I tried to avoid looking at josh as much as I could. 

Our teacher explained that we were just playing a math board game. Once everyone got started with the game we did too. It was pretty boring. Everyone couple minutes I would take a quick look at Josh. The more I looked at him the more I was getting attracted to him. I went to take another look and he was looking at me. I met his eyes and looked away. From my peripherals he was stretching.

"This shit sucks. I just wanna go home." Josh said.

Ethan spoke up. "What were you going to do today?"

"I don't know just go home and chill."

"True,"

The conversation stopped for a second then Josh asked us,

"You guys doing anything today?"

Thomas spoke first, "Nah, not really. Just gonna go with my dad."

They nodded there heads. Then looked at me.

"Just gonna go home, chill and sleep." 

Josh looked me in the eye. "We ride the same bus right?"

"Yea,"

"Yea, you came to my house one time with Ben."

"Oh yea." I smiled at him and he returned it. 

The game continued for awhile and Josh started the conversation again.

"You guys smoke?"

He asked the whole table. Me and Thomas said occasionally and Ethan said no. Josh turned to me and asked,

"You think maybe you could get me some?"

I didn't know what to say, usually I would say no but the spur of the moment made me answer differently. 

"Yea I'm pretty sure."

His face broke into a big white smile. I couldn't help but smile back as the butterflies in my stomach tried to escape. 

"Cool what's your number so I can call you later."

I gave him my number and he thanked me with a handshake and a smile. The bell rang and everyone stood to leave class. I walked out and started walking to my next class when Josh called me from behind.

"Hey Angel!"

I turned and waited for him to catch up. I blushed as caught myself checking him out. He's to handsome to not check him out. 

"Hey I was wondering if you were able to get me that then maybe you'd want to smoke with me. I hate smoking alone." His warm voice and the thought of smoking with Josh sent shivers down my back. 

"Yea sure," 

"Cool, what class do you have next?"

"Electrical technology."

"I heard that class was pretty cool."

"Yea, it is. The teachers really laid back."

We walked a little together until he said that he had the class we were passing.

"Alright well I'll text you right now so you'll have my number. I'll see you later."

He shook my hand.

"Alright see ya."

I went to my next class feeling anxious about later with josh. I just put my head down as much as possible for the rest of the school day. 

The last bell finally rang and everyone made there way out of the school. I made it to my bus and got on. Josh wasn't on yet so I went to the back were I usually sit. I sat and waited for the bus to start going. 

When josh got on he looked out of breath and sweaty. His eyes searched the bus and I quickly looked away before he caught me looking. I thought he had sat in the front but soon I felt a hand on my shoulder.

"Sup Angel, can I sit with you?"

"Yea," I scooted closer to the window.

He sat with a big exhale of breath. I looked at him and was hit with his musky scent. I felt my pants growing tighter. 

"Fuck finally heading home on Friday."

"You tired?"

"Yea the coach had us running a lot today in this damn heat. Sorry if I smell."

"It's fine I don't mind it."

He looked right at me when I said that. I felt myself blush and I looked away, out the window. I immediately regretted saying it. I looked towards the front and then too josh and he was looking at me with a smile. The rest of the ride was in silence. When the bus stopped for the second time we both got off. 

"Here's twenty, just call me when you got it and I'll pick you up."

"Alright peace out."

"Peace,"

We went down different streets. When I got home my older brother Dennis had just gotten off work. He was 21 and I'm 18. He was in his room so I went to talk to him.

"You know where Tommy is?" 

"He went to the skate park a couple of hours ago. Why?" 

"I wanted to get one for a friend."

"Just put the money in his drawer and grab one from the jar."

"Alright,"

I did what Dennis said and left the money in my other older brother's drawer. I didn't want to call Josh right away. So I ate and played some video games. About an hour later I called him. After one ring he answered.

"Hey Angel, ready for me to go?"

"Yea I am, I live right behind the apartments."

"Alright I'm on my way."

"Ok I'll be outside. Bye,"

"Bye," 

We hung up and a couple minutes later Josh pulled up. He had a big smile on his face. My smile was immediate and I got in his car. 

"What's up Josh."

"Hey Angel," 

We got to his house in less than four minutes. We got out and walked to his front door. 

"We can smoke here?" I asked him.

"Yea, my parents aren't home and won't be home for awhile. My older brother is out somewhere, but if he came he won't care. He'll probably just ask to smoke too."

He opened his front door and held it open for me to enter first. I couldn't help but look down as I passed him. He shut the door behind him. I turned to him and handed him the little baggie. He took it with a grin and thanked me.

"C'mon my room is over here."

I followed him down the hall until we were in front of the last door on the right. We walked and his room was really organized. He had some posters up of some bands and sports teams. 

"You can sit on my bed, imma go grab an apple."

Soon he was back with an apple that he made into a pipe. He sat down next to me only a couple inches away from me. We started smoking and soon the room was pretty cloudy. I was already feeling the effects and I could tell josh was too. Judging by his red eyes. I was looking at his eyes and didn't realize that he was looking back. I was definitely feeling the weed. 

"What?" He asked,

"Oh, uhh sorry I was just zoning out."

He laughed a little and asked, 

"So how long have you been smoking?"

"Since freshman year."

"Man really? We could've been smoking together all the way back then." 

"Yea, when did you start smoking?"

"The summer before freshman year. My brother got me to try it. I hit his little pipe a couple of times and I was gone." We both laughed and he went on with the story. "Yea, I was liking it but at the same time I was freaking out because I was laughing so much and I couldn't stop." While he told me I was quietly laughing and he had big grin on his face. He hardly broke eye contact with me.

"I remember just being around my brother made me crack up so much. I went to my room to try and stop laughing but for some reason he followed me. I told him to get out and finally he left me alone. I got under my blankets and was finally able to stop laughing."

We laughed at his story for a little then he asked me if I wanted to watch some tv. I agreed and soon we were both laying back on his bed watching That 70's Show. 

"This is one of my favorite shows." I told him.

"Awesome it's one of my favorite too."

We watched for awhile and I started to doze off. I couldn't stop it and soon I was asleep.

I woke up later and my head was slightly rising and falling. At first I was really groggy and didn't know where I was. I had my arm wrapped around my pillows as usual. I moved it and my bed under me started moving. I suddenly remembered where I fell asleep. I shot up and josh woke up with a jump too. I immediately got off the bed. I started stuttering. I started heading for the door.

"So-sorry I'm just g-gonna go."

Josh got up quickly and grabbed my shoulder before I left. I pulled away at the touch. 

"Angel it's alright. Just calm down and sit back down."

"Look Josh, j-just please keep this b-between us please."

"Angel c'mon, shut up and come back to my room." 

I was making my way to the front door and Josh followed. I reached for the doorknob but I was turned and pushed against the door. Josh's arms were on both sides of me stopping me from getting away. His face was so close I feel his warm breath and smell his musky scent. I avoided eye contact.

"Calm down Angel. I don't care that your gay." 

When he said that I tried to move his arm but he was too strong. He held both my shoulders in his strong hands. 

"Angel look alright. I have to admit," He took a deep breath. I looked into his eyes. "I did like you sleeping on me."

I'm sure my eyes widened in shock because he quickly said, 

"Angel I'm gay too, Ok." 

I didn't know what to say. My head was telling me to get out of there but I didn't. Josh's eyes flickered from mine to my lips then back to my eyes. I didn't say anything just stared back at him. He muttered fuck it under his breath.

"Angel I'm going to kiss you."

Before I could do or say anything his lips were pressed against mine. It felt like shockwaves spreading from my lips all the way down to my feet. I was hard instantly and tried to back away but was stopped by the door. I tried to say his name to stop him but it came out like a moan. 

When I opened my mouth his tongue made its way in. He started massaging my tongue and it felt amazing. My hands moved from my sides and grabbed his muscular back. 

I forgot all about trying to leave. I was lost in the moment. We were probably kissing for about five minutes when we were pushed by the door. We quickly separated and his older brother walked in. He looked like a more slender josh. Josh was far more sexier. He looked at us questioningly. 

"What were you guys doing against the door?"

Josh answered quickly. "I heard a car and I went to check the peep hole."

His brother didn't say anything just looked at us. A smile broke on his face and I was sure we were caught. He shook his head chuckling under his breath. He held his hand out to me and said,

"What's up man, Louis."

"A-," My voice caught in my throat. "Angel,"

"Alright then, what are you guys about to do?"

Josh spoke up, "We were about to go to his house."

"Oh, alright. Well I'll see you guys later."

His brother went to another room and Josh turned to me. 

"C'mon lets go grab our shoes. You realize you were about to leave with no shoes right?"

I didn't answer him just followed him looking down. I felt him looking at me but he turned away to walk to his bedroom. When we got in he shut the door behind me. I quickly went to my shoes and put them on. Josh didn't move from the door just looked at me. When I was done putting my shoes on I looked at him then away. I couldn't believe that he was gay. 

He finally went to his shoes and started putting them on. 

"You want to drive or walk?"

I didn't say anything. Josh let out a sigh and finished putting his shoes on. He stood and came and sat next to me on the bed. 

"Angel c'mon don't be like that." He scooted closer to me to where our thighs were pressed together. "Angel, I've liked you for awhile. I've just been too afraid to approach you. When you fell asleep earlier you scooted closer to me in your sleep. Then you actually wrapped arm around me. You even muttered Josh. It felt great Angel and I want that feeling around me all the time if possible. I guess I'm asking you to be my boyfriend."

I looked up at his eyes as he finished. I leaned my head into the crook of his neck and he wrapped his arm around me. I nodded my head against his shoulder. God he smelled so good. 

"Was that a yes?"

I pulled away to look him in the eyes. 

"Yea, Josh. But I don't think I'm ready to come out."

"That's fine, I'm not exactly ready yet either."

I smiled at him. His face lit up as his hand went to the back of neck and pulled me in for a kiss. I happily obliged. He kissed me softly closed mouth until I opened my lips for him. His tongue found entry and began massaging mine again in the best way. I moaned into his mouth. He pulled me closer to him. We got caught up in the kiss again. I'm not even sure how long we were kissing. Josh finally pulled back. 

"I think we should go before my brother gets suspicious." 

"Honestly, i think he already is."

"You better knock on wood." He said jokingly.

I stood up and he did too. We made our way downstairs.

"So you never answered, drive or walk?"

"Drive if you don't mind."

He grabbed his keys and we left. When we stopped in front of my house josh grabbed my hand. 

"I'll text you later Angel."

"Ok," 

It was dark already so I was sure nobody could see us. I looked at josh and he was looking back at me. I leaned in and josh didn't hesitate. We kissed for a minute then said by to each other again. I stepped out of his car with a hard on. 

I looked back at him and he winked at me then drove off. I smiled as I walked up to my house. When I got to the door I took a deep breath and removed my smile. I walked in and my oldest brother Tommy was in the living room with his girlfriend. 

"Who'd you get that for?" My brother asked me.

"Just a friend from school."

He didn't say anything else so I walked passed him and into our room. My house is pretty small but it's home. Me and my brothers share a room to put all of stuff. Tommy sleeps in the living room with his girlfriend. Me and Dennis sleep in the room. Dennis sleeps on the bed and I sleep on a cot. It's like something in an army movie.

Dennis was in there watching tv. We said what's up to each other and I got some stuff to take a shower. 

When I was done I set up my cot and got ready for bed. There's really nowhere in my house to be without someone else in the room so I just wanted to get too sleep and it to be Saturday. When I layed down I checked my phone and had a text from Josh.

'Hey Angel wanna hang out tomorrow?'

I smiled at the message.

'Yea sure, what did you have in mind?'

I took a couple minutes till a got a reply.

'Idk actually, maybe go to the park or something.'

'Sounds good. By the way, sorry about earlier.'

'Its fine Angel. I really enjoyed being with you earlier.'

My smile grew even more at his reply.

'Same here.'

A couple minutes later he replied. 

' :) I'm falling asleep, ill talk to you tomorrow, goodnight. X '

'Goodnight Josh, X'