 A quick note before we start. This story is true the sense that everything really happened and fiction in the sense that not everything happened the way or in the order I tell it. It is neither a sappy love story nor a straight up pornography. If anything I'd say it's a story about growing up.

*****

My senior year of high school I was a skinny, shy, yet brash, inquisitive and lazy kid who didn't know what he wanted out of life. Basically, I was normal. I'd had a couple girlfriends, but the last one had broken up with me half way through the school year, leaving me bitter and insecure. Fortunately I'd also just met Chris, who was just about the coolest guy I ever knew.

He was basically everything I wanted to be. He was a year older, more experienced, more confident, better athlete, better with people. He had a kind of easy charm that you'd believe he could do just about anything he wanted to and that it was no big deal to him. We met one weekend playing soccer in the park just before I graduated. He was 19 and already in college, but he had come back for the weekend to visit his family. I was impressed by his game and we struck up a conversation that ended up lasting past graduation and into the summer. 

I liked his curiosity and his calmness. Every other guy I knew was trying to prove how awesome he was and talked about girls nonstop. Chris seemed not to have a care in the world and he didn't judge himself against anyone. At 6' he was an inch taller than me and built like a dancer, lean and muscular with light brown hair and big hazel eyes and a hunk without seeming to notice. When we were together and I tried to chat up a girl, she was almost always more interested in Chris.

By contrast, I weighed about 140 pound and had long, messy, dirty blond hair. Most people had me pegged as a stoner, which was ironic since I was about the only one I knew who didn't smoke weed. I had an athlete's body and a six pack, if anyone cared to noticed, but would have given anything to bulk up (a friend once told me we spend most of our lives wishing we could have back the body we hated as a teen. Isn't that the truth). So me and Chris spent a fair amount of time in the gym, working out together.

Chris' brother was old enough to buy us beer and so we spent many nights drunkenly talking about how we were going to change the world. We were just friends and nothing had happened to suggest that was going to change. I knew Chris had been with girls before, but we didn't really talk about it. If he had talked about sleeping with boys it probably would have blow my mind. I wasn't homophobic or anything, I just didn't know any gays and didn't know what to think about them. For me then, being gay meant anal sex and the thought of fucking some guys asshole did nothing for me. A lot of my views were about to change very fast.

What happened was, his parents were craftspeople who sold their work at shows, so they were out of town a lot in the summer. One night when they were on the road we were hanging out with his brother Jonah. He'd brought home a bottle of vodka and we all started doing shots. He teased me about my weight so of course I immediately said I could drink him under the table. An hour later the bottle was empty leaving three drunk kids, but no clear winner. Jonah, lurched off to his room to play video games leaving me and Chris to keep talking.

Although I'd felt fine when Jonah had left, over the next hour the alcohol started kicking in, the room started spinning and I started to feel like I was going to hurl. Chris saw I wasn't feeling good and he helped me to stumble to his room.

"Come on", he said "just sleep it off." He helped me pull off my shirt and pants before putting me in bed, then undressed himself and got in next to me. It felt kind of weird having another guy pulling off my clothes, but at the time I was only thinking of the embarrassment about getting that drunk. I turned on my side, away from Chris, the room spinning hard now. I guess I was audibly groaning, because before long I could hear Chris whisper to me "Are you going to be alright man?"

"The room won't stop spinning. I'm just trying not to throw up."

"Ok, let me try something."

To my surprise, he slid up next to me in bed, spooning me from behind. He put one hand on my head, fingers through my hair. His other hand slid over my stomach, holding me firmly. Initially I didn't respond. I think I was a little shocked at his touch, especially his hand on my bare belly, it was a strange feeling, being touched that way by another guy, but it did calm my stomach a little.

"My mother used to hold me like this when I was sick. Does it help?"

"Yeah" I said, "it feels better."

We lay like that for a minute, not moving. I could feel his chest against my bare back, muscles gently flexing with every breath. His fingers, gently touching my head. His hand against the skin of my stomach, warm and soft. To my shock I realized I was getting an erection. I tried not to think about it, terrified that Chris would notice, but as confusing as the idea was to me, the thought of his touch was a huge turn on. 

My erection was now rock hard and only inches away from his hand and that thought just turned me on even more. I thought about turning onto my stomach so he wouldn't notice, but just then he began, almost imperceptibly at first, to move his hand. Just moving fractionally at first, then ever so slowly massaging my stomach in little circles.

I think he was feeling me out to see how I'd react. Starting slow so he could laugh it off and say his hand was cramping or something if I complained. After a few minutes he realized I wasn't going to stop him and the massaging increased, gently going up and down my belly. Each time he ventured a little further, going up towards my chest and each time going back down a fraction of an inch closer to my crotch. When coming up towards my chest his hand was blocked by my arms so I moved them, tacitly acknowledging his touch. With the next pass he reached my chest, massaging my pecks, his hand stretched out, almost touching my nipples. Even brushing the edge of my nipple caused me to shudder, when I did, he paused for a second waiting for a reaction before moving back down. This time his hand slipped below the band of my boxers, the back of his hand brushing my erection. 

I was terrified he was going to say something, but he just kept massaging my belly, going still lower and lower with each stroke until his hand was brushing past my pubes and almost reached the base of my penis. His hand brushing past my penis and the thought he might actually touch it really had me worked up and I started to tremble. This obviously worried Chris and to my mortification he stopped with his hand on my pubes. 

"Are you alright man?" he asked.

"I'm fine" I whispered back.

With that confirmation, he continued running his hand over my body. He brought his hand up all the way to my chest again, this time deliberately rubbing my nipples, obviously enjoying how it made me tremble. Then his hand came down but this time instead of stopping he kept going, gracefully wrapping his fingers around my cock. He paused there for a second waiting for a reaction, when it didn't come he began to softly jerking me off. My breathing grew heavy and he could probably tell I was close to coming, but he stopped and gently squeezed my penis. He obviously wasn't done yet.

His hand still on my penis he moved closer to me in bed, his crotch pushed against my ass. I could feel something hard against my ass cheeks. My god, did he have an erection too? After he was sure I wasn't going to cum immediately, he began jerking me off again. At the same time I could feel him gently grinding his cock between my ass cheeks. After a minute, he stopped, and started pulling my underwear down. I automatically lifted up my ass to let him do it without thinking. Now there was only his boxers between his throbbing cock and my ass. 

He was grinding hard now and I wondered where this was going to end. Questions flooded my brain. Was he going to fuck me? Was I ready for this? Did I actually want him to fuck me? I was getting off on this, did that make me gay?

Finally he seemed to reach a decision and his gentle stroking picked up in speed, I couldn't control myself any longer, my breathing grew heavy and with a huge moan I came like I never had in my life. My cum shot out soaking the sheets in front of me. His jerking became frantic now trying to squeeze every last drop out of me. I shook, barely able to take it until finally I couldn't take any more and rolled away onto my stomach, not caring that I was not laying in a pool of my own cum.

Still panting I thought about Chris, I wondered if I should return the favor, wondered if I even could jerk off another guy. Between my pants I could hear Chris slide off his underwear, for a split second I panicked realizing I was sticking my bare ass up in the air, until I realized he was jerking himself off. I really wanted to turn over and watch, but I was too worried what would happen if he caught me. 

A minute later I heard him come, the panting, the moaning, the smell, tissues pulled from the box to clean up. I wondered what it tasted like, pictured myself rubbing his chest, jerking him off. That muscled body, that smile. I could feel my cock twitch again and with those warm, confusing, uncomfortable but exciting thoughts I fell asleep.