 David called me a couple of days after our first encounter. He said "I'm betting you need a back rub." 

I knew just what he was implying because we talked about that fantasy after our first encounter. I said "Yes, as a matter of fact I do need one."

"Well, I am ready to help you with that. Can you come over now?"

I said "See you in 10 minutes", as I got ready and headed out the door.

When I arrived, David said "Let me take off your shirt, then you can lay down on the couch." 

He took my shirt off and I laid down on the couch, belly side down. He straddled me over my butt, and began massaging my shoulders, my neck, and my upper back. I said "Gosh, I love this. This is wonderful. You are good at this."

David said "Just trying to make a good buddy feel good. Besides, it's fun for me." He continued his massage, working all of those areas very well, and then slid himself back onto my thighs as he started making his way down my lower back. He kept bumping up against my jeans as he was trying to get to my lower back. He then said "Mind if I unbutton your jeans and slide them down to your knees so I can get your lower back better?"

I said "Sure, that will be fine." I love the seduction of something like this. It makes my mind wonder what else he might ask as he massages me. I got up on my knees, and he reached around from behind and unbuttoned my jeans, unzipped me and helped me slide my jeans down to my knees. Afterwards, I laid back down for the massage to continue. 

One of the things that turns me on is the feeling of being exposed. The fact that David has my jeans down to my knees and my ass exposed with nothing on but black silky undies, was turning me on a lot. 

David continued his massage, now going all the way down my lower back, and sensually sliding his thumbs under my silky undies. He worked on this area for 3-4 minutes, then said "Mind if I just go ahead and take your jeans off? I would love to massage your legs, too." 

I said "Sounds fine with me. I am loving all of this."

I lifted up enough to let him pull the jeans off. Then I laid back down with nothing on now but my silky undies. He resumed the massage from my feet sliding up my legs. It felt so good. At first he would stop about 4 inches from my ass, but after a couple of minutes his hands started going higher and higher each time he went up my legs. He then opened up my legs some so he could massage the insides better. After a few minutes of this, and me wondering where this might go next, he started bumping my balls with his fingers. Then, he massaged my inner legs in a way that I could feel my balls moving. I was getting so turned on from everything he had been doing, and the way he was going about this, that I was very hard and knew I must be leaking precum. 

He then said "Think you would like your ass massaged?" 

I said "Yes, I would love it."

"Mind if I just slide your undies down some so I can massage it better?"

I said "That's fine with me." (really thinking in my mind "I thought you would never ask)

He slid the undies down to the bottom of my ass and began the most sensual massage of my ass that I had ever had. My ass is very sexually sensitive anyway, but the way he worked my ass cheeks made the whole experience even more sensual. He would pull of the cheeks which opened up my asshole. I could feel the room air on it and it was making me tingle all over with excitement. I was moaning and "mmmmmmm" kept coming out of my mouth. 

David said "So, you like this, huh? Don't mind your cute little ass being massaged?"

"I LOVE it." was my answer.

He continued the ass massage and intentionally pulled the ass cheeks as far apart as possible, and then with a tease said "How do you like this?"

I said "It is a huge turn on, knowing I am exposed to you. I love feeling like I am exposed."

He then lightly brushed his fingers across my asshole, as I moaned and pushed my ass upwards a little toward him. He said "Oh, looks like someone likes their asshole played with."

"I love it" was my answer to him.

Then to my surprise, he leaned down, and with my ass cheeks spread wide, he licked my asshole. I let out a loud "mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm" and squirmed and pushed my ass back towards him.

"Mmmmmm. Someone likes that too. Let's see what else someone likes." Then he shoved his tongue into my asshole and started going in and out, licking and rimming me very sensually. Then he would stop as if he was teasing me, and said "You like it, my little slut boy? You need your little asshole licked?"

"Oh yes, I need it real bad. Lick my asshole really good for me."

This was becoming a teasing game. So, David took it farther. "Are you going to let me do anything I want with your little asshole, my little slut boy?"

I moaned with "Yes, whatever you want."

He then said "What about this?", as he started sliding a finger down inside of it. He worked it in deeper and deeper, then slid it in and out very sensually. He said "You like this my little slut boy?"

I said "Yes I love you finger fucking my asshole."

He said "I bet your little asshole is like a pussy, huh? Bet if I play with it, it will turn you on like a woman's pussy." Then he leaned down and started licking and fingering me intently. I was moaning heavily and squirming and pushing my ass toward him. He could tell that he practically owned me now, that he could do whatever he wanted. After a few minutes of this attack on my pussy asshole, he said "You will now strip me, and give me the best blowjob of my entire life.'

He slid off the rest of my clothes to where I was completely naked, then stood in front of me, with me seated on the couch. And, then he said while looking in my eyes "Suck me."

I saw his precum dripping off his hard cock. I started seductively licking up and down his cock, while using one of my hands to massage his balls.

I stroked him with the other hand, and sucked his cock up and down. He was moaning loudly and grabbing my head to guide me. I was so turned on that I gave him the best blowjob anyone could give a guy. And, I gave him eye contact while doing it. He could see the lust in my eyes. He then said "I have to fuck you. I want my cock in your pussy asshole. Lay down on the couch and give your ass to me." I immediately obeyed and stuck my ass up in air toward him as if saying "fuck me"

He was enjoying our little game and he started sliding his cock up and down between my ass cheeks. He was making me want it. Then he said in a teasing way "Tell me what you want."

I said "I need your cock inside me. Put your dick in my pussy asshole and fuck me very sensually. I need you to fuck me."

It was exactly what he wanted to hear. He separated my asscheeks and slowly slid inside. 

His cock felt so good. He was just the right size for me - 6 inches, cut, and not very thick. Loved every moment of this. I moaned and said "mmmmmm" a lot. I then said "that's it, fuck my pussy asshole. I am your little slut boy."

My comment about sent him over the edge, as he was throbbing in my asshole. I could feel his throbbing as he slowed down his sliding in and out so that he could make this last. Neither of us had ever done this before, so I knew we wouldn't last long. Something new like this is too exciting. I kept thinking "Gosh, I will let this guy fuck me anytime he wants. He is such a turn on to me, and I love his cock. It is a perfect fit. This does not hurt at all. It feels wonderful in my ass."

David last maybe 3-4 minutes then just before he was about to cum, he pulled out and said "turn over" then he squirted cum onto my face. I opened my mouth and caught some of it. He saw me doing that and shoved the cock inside to let the rest of the cum squirt directly in my mouth. I cleaned his cock really well, as I tried to get all of his cum inside my mouth. When he slowed down the pace, I licked the tip of his cock to get the last little bit. Then I opened my mouth up and showed him all of his cum. Then I looked into his eyes and swallowed it. 

He then went down on my cock to finish me off. I hadn't cum yet, but I was close. He fingerfucked me while sucking me off. Then let me squirt into his mouth. He did the same as me, held my cum in his mouth to show me afterwards. Then, he swallowed it all. 

We both admitted it was the hottest sexual experiences of our lives. We stayed naked for a couple of hours, then I headed home. 

Can't wait to see what happens next time.