 The next day I'd pretty much decided I wasn't going to spend the night with Chris again before I left for college. It wasn't exactly that I regretted anything that had happened, it was just a lot for me to process. What had felt natural at night when it was just the two of us seemed unreal walking home in the blinding sunlight, like I was remembering something that had happened to someone else.

I'd been pretty noncommittal when I left his place that morning and he hadn't pushed the point. Actually, I was deeply jealous of how cool he seemed to be about the whole thing. Inside I was freaking out and looking for any excuse not to meet him at all, but the fact that he didn't put me under any pressure made me feel like I'd be a jerk for not seeing him again.

I decided to compromise. I called up Chris and told him I had too much to do at home to spend the night, but suggested we should go for a jog together. I figured if we were out in the open it would keep the conversation to safe topics and as an added benefit it would put a natural limit on our time since we never really jogged for more than an hour so. We agreed on a time that afternoon and I got busy.

I actually did have a lot to do, after all I was leaving in a few days and I had barely started to pack, but I also think I was trying to distract myself. If I was, it didn't work. I'd be packing a bag and I'd think about catching a glimpse of Chris undressing. I'd be emptying out my closet and I'd think about him pulling off my underwear. I'd be throwing out my old school binders and I'd think about touching him and suddenly I had a rock-hard erection.

I finally gave up and let myself think about it. OK, so I'd been naked with another guy. I'd touched another guy's cock and I'd gotten a blow job from another guy. Surprisingly I was pretty OK with this. If it didn't exactly fit with my heterosexual self-image, on the other hand I was a teenage boy; I could get an erection while staring at grass, so who was I to be picky how I got off? That seemed all right.

The part that I was having more trouble with, was that if I was being really honest with myself, it wasn't just about getting off. When I thought about him lying naked next to me, his body, his muscles, his cock, that smile; I was attracted to him. I was really, really attracted to a guy and I didn't just want to get off, I wanted him to cuddle me, to stroke my chest, to run his fingers through my hair and I didn't know what to do with that thought.

When it was finally time, I changed into my soccer shorts and jogging shoes and decided that since it was only another 2 miles to Chris' I might as well jog that too. Outside it was hot and super humid. The sun was still burning a hole in the sky, but a few clouds had formed. I've always liked the heat so I didn't think much of it and headed off north, chasing my shadow towards Chris'. 

About 15 minutes later I was ringing his bell, already dripping sweat but feeling a lot better. Jogging always cleared my head and when Chris stepped outside, dressed like me in jogging shorts and a t-shirt, I was genuinely glad to see him. We immediately took off and naturally started chatting away.

I was quizzing him about college. I wanted to know about sports (there was a good soccer team where I was going and I wanted to know if joining the school team was the same as in high school), the parties and of course, the girls. Chris and I almost never talked about girls, but I sure tried during that jog. Maybe I was just excited to get out on my own and away from my nosey parents, or maybe it was a defense mechanism. Either way, in retrospect Chris was trying his best to change the topic.

We got so caught up that we didn't notice that the weather had changed. It was still hot and we were both covered in sweat which is probably why I didn't notice the first drops of rain. We were soaked anyway so we didn't mind at first. We actually joked about needing a shower, but then the sky just opened up and started pouring on us. We ducked under a tree, but soon the wind picked up and the tree didn't offer much protection.

Chris was soaked, his muscles clearly showing through his wet shirt. Looking down I could see his shorts were clinging to his skin and unless I was mistaken, I could make out the outline of his cock. Suddenly all I could think about was Chris lying naked on the bed. My stomach was full of butterflies just thinking about it and I realized I was getting an erection. I quickly looked away, hoping he wouldn't notice.

After a couple minutes hiding under the tree without any sign that it was going to let up, Chris had had enough. "We're almost back anyway, want to run for it?" He asked.

"Fuck it." I answered.

I took off, running for all I was worth. Despite the head start, Chris was the better sprinter and within a few seconds he'd caught up. I tried to pick up more speed as we raced one another back.

I was having a blast, pounding through puddles like a little kid, running flat out. As we ran past one house, I could see an older couple, slightly damp, huddled under an open porch for shelter, which obviously wasn't there own, looking at us like we were on drugs.

It poured all the way back and by the time we arrived, we were soaked through and through. Water puddled in my shoes, I was completely out of breath and I felt great. I felt alive. I couldn't stop smiling as I stood panting at the doorstep, waiting for Chris to open the door. He took a look at me, and maybe he thought I was a little mad too.

"Jesus man." he said. "You're going to get sick. Come on, I'll give you some dry clothes."

I ditched the shoes and socks at the door and padded into the laundry room leaving a small river behind me. Chris emptied the contents of the dryer into a basket and started sorting through the clothes, looking for something for me to wear.

"If it's all the same to you," I said, "a towel's fine. I just want to shower."

"Suit yourself. Behind you on the shelf."

"Ok."

Without thinking about it, I pulled off my own shirt, then took off my shorts and underwear, dropping them on the ground to go completely naked. I was just on autopilot getting ready to shower, but it occurred to me that I would never have so casually undressed around any of my other guy friends.

Chris looked up from his basket at me and froze. Standing naked in front of him while he was still more or less fully dressed was a huge turn on. I felt vulnerable, I felt sexy and I could feel my penis begin to stiffen. His eyes were glued on me, probably trying to figure out what I had in mind. I stood there, still as a statue except for my cock with was almost fully erect and I panicked. Grabbing a towel off the shelf, I hastily wrapped it around my waist and beelined for the shower.

As I stood under the water, my heart pounding, I imagined Chris standing in the bathroom, watching me shower and got a massive erection. It would be so easy, I hadn't locked the door. All he'd have to do is knock, ask if he could come in to get something. He'd stop and stare at me. I'd turn towards him and he'd notice my erection and casually ask if he could share the shower. He'd pull off his clothes and step in. I'd turn to get the shampoo and he'd rub up against me and ... I thought about jerking off, but figured I should just calm down and hurry back. After all, I was still convinced I was heading back to my place to finish packing.

I toweled off, spending maybe a little too long to dry my cock and felt kind of silly when I realized I didn't have anything to put on, so I just wrapped the towel around my waist again and went looking for Chris. I found him in the kitchen. He'd changed into dry clothes and was just grabbing a beer out of the fridge.

"I threw your clothes in the dryer, but you can borrow something of mine if you're in a hurry."

I figured if I waited then I wouldn't have to come back to get my clothes later. And anyway, our jogging had been cut short, so I had some time before I needed to get back.

"That's OK, I can wait."

"You want something to drink?"

"Sure, I'll take a beer if you've got another one."

We headed over to the living room and parked ourselves on the sofa. Sitting there, drinking beer and talking, like we'd been doing all summer, everything suddenly felt very normal. More than normal actually, I felt great. I took a swig of beer and melted back into the sofa. We started talking about soccer, which became a conversation about economics and then music, meandering freely from topic to topic. One beer soon turned into six and I'd completely forgotten about my clothes in the dryer, my unfinished packing and just about everything else.

I was so caught up talking to Chris, I almost didn't realize I'd become a little drunk. I remember that at one point I looked out the window and saw how dark it had become. At the same time I realized I was still only wearing a towel. As silly as it sounds, I'd forgotten I wasn't wearing clothes. The towel had gotten loose and I pictured myself standing up and the towel falling off, leaving me naked. That thought was a major turn on. I was getting excited and I began to tremble a little. I was also getting an erection, which suddenly seemed to me to be very visible through the towel. To hide it, I pulled my legs up to my chest. Chris must have thought I was just cold.

"You sure you don't want something to wear?"

"No, I'm fine." I said, but I couldn't stop shivering. I wanted to change the topic and thought back to our conversation while we were jogging. 

"By the way." I said.

"Yeah."

"Sorry I kept trying to talk about girls while we were jogging. I know you don't like talking about it."

"It's not that I don't want to talk about it. It's just, you know, when I hear most guys talk about girls, it sounds like us vs. them. You know? Almost like they're the enemy and you have to find their weaknesses so you can score or something."

"Yeah. I know what you mean."

"Really, girls are just people like us. If you really want to know what the secret is, just be yourself, just be honest with them and don't play games. At least, that's what works for me."

"Are you always honest with me?"

"Of course. What do you mean?"

"I don't know. I feel like, like sometimes you want to say something, but you don't." I was now veering into seriously dangerous territory and I knew it.

"OK. I think I know what you mean." Chris paused for a second, choosing his words carefully. "I just, maybe sometimes I'm worried I'll make you uncomfortable or something. You know? And it's important to me we stay friends."

"Yeah, me too. But, you know, you don't have to worry about freaking me out. Like when you asked if you could look at me, you know, before we went to sleep."

I could see in his face, he knew where I was going with this. "Yeah?"

"You don't have to worry about that. That kind of thing doesn't bother me. I just wanted you to know." The memory of him watching me naked while he jerked off was making me massively horny. I could feel my penis pressing hard against the towel, fighting to get out. My mind was racing. The way he was looking at me, I could feel he was turned on too, but he was being careful.

"You know, if you," I fought for the right word, "like need to look at me to get off. It doesn't bother me." Shit. Why was I being such a coward about this? Why couldn't I just say what I wanted? Without thinking about it I slid my legs back down. Too late I realized my erection was clearly visible through the towel and I could see from where he was staring that he'd noticed too.

"If we're going to be completely honest with one another" he said carefully, "I, I do like looking at you. I actually think you're pretty attractive. I hope that doesn't make you uncomfortable or anything."

"No, I'm OK with that."

"And you know, if you need to get off, you know like when ever, that doesn't bother me either."

"OK." The butterflies in my stomach were going crazy, but I couldn't take this any longer. I pulled open the towel, letting my erection spring free, slapping my belly. I felt Chris' gaze locked on my cock, and I savored it, enjoying him stare at me. "If you're sure?" I asked.

"Yes." he panted.

I reached down and slowly began stroking myself, looking only at my cock, not daring to meet his eyes. 

"Do you mind if I...?" I heard him ask.

"No, go for it."

Chris pulled down his shorts and began stroking his own, slightly thicker cock too.

I was super horny, but I went slow. No way was I going to cum before him. After watching him out of the corner of my eye for a while, I finally worked up the courage to look over and watch him jerk himself off. My eyes locked on his tool and didn't leave. It was a massive turn on.

Soon I was fighting for control, having to stop and squeeze, trying desperately not to cum. My mind raced and I wanted more, but I had to fight for a good couple of minutes to get the words out.

"Chris." I finally panted.

"Yeah."

"Can I ask you another question?"

"Sure."

"Did you really like giving me head?"

He looked me in the eyes, trying to be sure I was asking what he thought I was asking. Without answering he slid off the sofa and kneeling in front of me he took my cock in his hand, slowly stroking it. After briefly looking up at my face to check my reaction, he gently took me into his mouth. I threw my head back and groaned, but he knew better than to let me cum early. He backed off again, holding the base of my cock firmly, and slowly licking the head, letting me back down off the edge before taking me into his mouth again.

The build up was driving me crazy when I heard a car door slam shut outside and we both freaked out. He frantically pulled on his shorts, grabbed his shirt and ran to the door while I scrambled to wrap the towel around myself again, high above my hips to hopefully conceal my erection. I had just noticed Chris' underwear on the floor and was stuffing them under a sofa cushion to hide them when he came back.

"False alarm. It was my neighbor."

I noticed the bulge of his erection, clearly visible through his jogging shorts. Chris caught my gaze and looked down at his shorts. He was probably thinking the same thing I was: what would his parents have thought if they'd seen us like this?

"Maybe," he said, "just in case, let's go to my room."

I just about ran and as soon as we'd walked in the door, I dropped my towel and turned around. He was basically dressed again and I was enjoying being looked at when he just about threw me onto the bed. Kneeling on the edge he began licking my penis from the base ever so slowly up toward the tip, pausing only to pull off his t-shirt. After teasing me like that for what seemed like an eternity, he put his mouth over the tip, gently sucking me, licking off the pre-cum. Then reaching up he slid a hand beneath my ass and began slowly massaging my hole. I groaned again and he stopped sucking me to again keep me from cumming.

His finger massaging my ass was getting me really worked up, so I was disappointed when he suddenly pulled his hand away, but it was only a brief interruption so that he could take off his shorts and soon his finger was working my hole again with renewed vigor.

His finger was gently sliding into me and closing my eyes, I began to fantasize that it was his cock. That got me really worked up. He was jerking himself off and he must have been close because he took me fully into his mouth again and started pumping me fast while jerking himself off faster and faster. I had a quick decision to make or it was going to be too late.

"Chris" I blurted out.

He stopped sucking me and looked up.

"Do you, do you still want to fuck me?"

"Yes, but we don't have to..." He answered.

"I want you to. I mean, if you want to."

Jesus, this was really going to happen. I'd said it and now I was going to have to go though with it. For a second I though I wouldn't, as he pulled his finger out and got up, but he just went over to his dresser, erect penis bobbing up and down as he walked, opened the top drawer and took out some lube and a condom.

He motioned for me to move down the bed so he could get on. Then, laying on his belly between my legs, he squeezed some lube on a finger and after raising up my legs, began massaging my crack, working the lube around my sphincter. With the lube it felt even better than before and I jerked my head back, raising my arms up and running my fingers through my long hair. He kissed my cock and took me into his mouth again as he began working a finger into my ass, slowly warming me up.

I was getting super worked up. He must have noticed and stopped blowing me. Instead me began kissing me up my stomach and chest, finally stopping to suck my nipples, playing with them with his tongue. It was a strange feeling for me and I wasn't even sure I liked it at first, but somehow it was still a turn on.

I tried to lay back and relax and soon he had two and then three fingers sliding into me. Even without the blowjob I could hear myself breathing heavy. Chris looked up at me, trying to make sure I was really up for this. A glance down showed me he was still rock hard. I looked back to his eyes and held his gaze as if to tell him I was as ready as I ever would be.

He gently pulled his fingers out and put on a condom, then grabbed one of my legs to roll me over. Realizing what he wanted I went up my hands and knees. Now that he was out of sight I could just hear him, his breathing, rubbing lube on his cock, shifting for position. I had a last moment to think. The butterflies in my stomach kicked into gear and for a second I was worried I was going to throw up. Did I really want to go through with this? Wasn't this the girl's position?

With one hand firmly on my hip, he used the other to guide his cock. I felt him press against my sphincter and I immediately clenched up.

"Just relax, I'll go slow." he said.

He waited and gently pressed again. I was terrified, but I wasn't going to back down now. I relaxed and I felt the head of his cock push through. Oh my god, this was really happening. He waited for me to relax again, then slowly pushed in.

Both of us groaned in unison. I'd worried it would hurt, but he'd done a good job of warming me up. He slowly started to thrust, each time going a little deeper until he had his full length in me. As he drove in and out, I could feel the pre-cum dripping out of my cock. 

He picked up the pace, slamming into my ass now. Feeling his cock slide in and out of me, stretching my ass hole, caught up in the moment, I never wanted it to end. I moaned loudly and I could hear him too, groaning, trying to keep it together until with a final thrust I felt him shudder in orgasm. He reached around to grab my cock and started jerking me, but after only the second stroke I lost it, cum shooting out. When I was done, with one final push, he shoved me down to the bed, landing on top of me, cock still inside.

We both lay panting for a moment, not wanting to move, to ruin the moment. 

As he lay on top of me, I felt the muscles of his chest pressing on my back, moving with heaving breaths, his skin warm and sweaty. Dangerous thoughts again filled my head. I wanted to be held by him, to be cuddled, to rest my head on his chest and feel him run his hand through my hair.

Interrupting my thoughts he quietly said "Thank you." then finally pulling out, he turned over to grab some tissues and clean up. I rolled over in time to see him pulling off the condom and he offered me some tissues to clean the cum off myself. We got up to change the sheets and then, still naked, got back into bed. I snuggled close and couldn't help myself from running my hand over his chest.

"You really like giving blowjobs, don't you." I asked, somewhat confused. Girls seemed to hate giving them.
