 Thanks for the nice comments left for part 1, it really motivates me to keep writing. This story has a finite length and I'll do my best to post regularly until it's done. I hope you enjoy.

*****

The next morning I was still lying in the same position, naked and with a sheet stuck to my chest. Groggily I turned over, but Chris wasn't in bed with me. I found my clothes, pulled them on and headed out of Chris' room to get something to eat before my stomach had a chance to realize what I'd done to it the night before.

As I stumbled into the kitchen, to my horror both Chris and his brother Jonah were sitting at the table. Shit! What if Jonah knew? He knew enough of my friends everyone would know I was gay! Wait, was I gay? A hundred scenarios ran through my head. I was drunk last night wasn't I? What if I dreamt the whole thing? Fuck, I had dried cum on my chest, he was sure to smell it. But if he noticed anything, he didn't show it.

"Hey loser" he said as he noticed me.

"He's the loser?" asked Chris, "Who threw up on his keyboard last night?"

"You threw up on your keyboard?" I asked.

"Fuck you Chris! Fine we'll call it a draw."

"I've got to go to the bathroom." I decided breakfast would have to wait until after I'd showered.

Under the hot water, still slightly drunk, with light streaming in through the window, the last night seemed like some far off memory and I decided not to mention anything to Chris. Still, despite myself I couldn't help but think about Chris grinding his cock against me. It would have been so easy for him to slide off his underwear too and ... with that thought I instantly had an erection. No. I wasn't going to think about it. I was straight, I thought, and that was the end of that.

I dried off, put on my dirty clothes again and headed in for breakfast. I don't remember what we talked about. Chris seemed unfazed and more interested in teasing his brother. I wolfed down my food and took off, still lost in my own throughs.

Although I'd been hanging out with Chris basically every day since we'd met, I didn't call him the next day and he didn't call me. Now that I had some distance, the whole thing made me uncomfortable. I didn't exactly regret what had happened, but thinking about it made me ask myself questions I didn't know the answers to. I wasn't attracted to guys, well ... except for a couple times, and I guess I'd had a couple fantasies I jerked off to, but they didn't count because I always thought about girls again before I came... You get the idea.

It was three days before I heard from Chris again. Maybe he was feeling weird about it too, but if he was, he didn't sound like it. He called to ask if I wanted to meet in the park. We hung out and talked and kept the appropriate bro-body-distance like nothing had happened. We even chatted up some girls and this time I ended up with the digits. When it came time to go it was because he had some family event. Maybe it was my imagination, but it seemed like he hesitated before leaving, like he wanted to say something, but wasn't sure how.

For a while we hung out regularly again, managing to get lost in endless rambling conversations or just wasting time like we used to, but there were some changes. Now I hung out with Chris or my other friends, but didn't invite them out together. Also, I started talking to him about girls. 

I'd dated a girl a couple of times that I'd met that summer. To tell the truth nothing much happened, but I talked about her just the same, probably trying to prove something to myself. Chris listened politely, but it was obvious he was just humoring me until the topic changed again.

With summer drawing to a close and both of us getting ready to head back to different universities we were both getting busy and hadn't seen each other for a couple days when he called to ask if I wanted to come over for a movie night.

"My family's out of town, so you can crash here if you like."

"Sure, sounds good." I answered, not sure what he meant.

When I arrived he had popcorn, beer and a stack of VHS tapes ready to go (yes I'm that old). We watched a couple movies sitting side by side on the sofa, drinking beer and talking, but always maintaining the the appropriate amount of body distance for two "purely heterosexual" friends. It was well after midnight and several beers when he asked me if I was up for one more movie.

"Go for it" I said, "but I don't guarantee I'll stay awake for it."

"That's alright. We can go to bed, I'm tired too." In a rare show of uncertainty he added, "If you'd like your privacy you can crash in my brother's room."

"Nah. Who knows when he last washed his sheets."

"Mine were definitely cleaned after you were here last time."

Did he really just say that? I decided to ignore it and with my stomach full of butterflies, we went into his room and stripped to our boxers. Despite myself I snuck a peak at his body as he undressed and think I caught him doing the same. Thankfully I was too nervous to get an erection or I probably would have chickened out and slept in Jonah's room. We both slid into bed under the blankets, not touching, both laying on our backs, neither saying anything nor daring to make a move. After an awkward silence, Chris finally said, "Good night."

"Yeah, good night man, thanks for the movies."

I just lay there quietly for a moment, very awake and unsure what to do. I'd successfully avoided thinking about what had happened that night, but now laying next to Chris in the dark, all sorts of thoughts came flooding back into my head, his touch, his embrace, skin on skin. In less than a week I was going to leave for college and who knew when I'd see him again. Did I really want to leave this question unanswered? I replayed in my mind the memory of him jerked me off, getting turned on and trying to work up the courage to do something.

I couldn't think of a way to initiate without it feeling forced and I wasn't sure I had the courage for it anyway, so I decided to roll over on my side and see if he'd take the invitation to spoon. I rolled over, but he didn't move. Maybe he thought I was trying to get further away from him, or that I just wanted to sleep. I listened to his breathing for a second and he was definitely as awake as I was. I decided to be more overt.

"Man it's cold in your room tonight."

"You want more blanket?" Damn! He didn't get the hint.

"Sure." I answered.

To my surprise, relief and partial dread, he rolled over, throwing his blanket over me as he curled up. He arm came back to rest on my arm. Not satisfied, I took his hand and held it against my stomach, surprising myself in the process. Did I really just instigate this? He took the invitation and began massaging my stomach like he'd done before, my cock immediately sprung to life.

Lying passively, I waited impatiently this time as his hand slowly explored my body, hoping with each stroke that his fingers would slide down and touch my erection, but he was having none of it. He was going to take his time and he was driving me crazy in the process. When yet another pass of his hand failed to go below the line of my boxers, I pushed back into him, pressing my ass firmly against his crotch. This time it was Chris who shuddered.

His hand immediately shot down inside my boxers, pressing down on my pubic mound, but still he didn't touch my erection. I began to very gently grind against him, feeling his cock, rock hard against my ass. But still he teased me, rubbing my mound, brushing against my cock with his fingers, but never grabbing it. 

I thought I was going to explode, I couldn't take this, I ground harder, hoping he'd take the hint. As I did, I managed to get his shaft between my ass cheeks. It felt amazing. Chris shuddered and he grabbed my cock in his hand, breathing hard before suddenly pushing me away and turning onto his back. I freaked out. Oh my god, I did something wrong and now he's going to tell everyone I'm gay! I rolled over and saw him staring at the ceiling panting.

"What's wrong?" I asked.

"Nothing." He turned towards me, stared me in the eyes, put his hand on my chest and still holding eye contact, he slid his hand down inside my underwear, found my cock and began jerking me off. I was getting worked up fast and automatically slid down my boxers. He raised his leg and pulled them off completely with his foot. As he did I became acutely aware that I was now totally naked and being stared at my my best male friend.

I looked up again and saw that he was now looking under the covers to check out my cock, long and thin, taking time to massage my balls, the inside of my thigh, exploring me from all angles. I took the cue to check him out too. His dancer's body, toned muscles without a speck of fat. Trembling, I reached out and felt his chest, his stomach, running my hand down, over his boxers, feeling the bulge, feeling it throb through the fabric.

I reached for the band and pulled down. He resisted at first, refusing to move, but finally gave up and helped me remove his underwear, his cock flopping out as I did. He was a little shorter than me, maybe 6 inches, but noticeably thicker, except the head which was smaller than the shaft. He'd also trimmed his pubes. Combined with his physique, for some reason I thought it made him look like a statue.

I felt I owed him one, so after lightly fondling his penis and balls for a few minutes, I worked up the courage to wrap my fingers around his cock and begin stroking him. It felt strange, yet familiar, warm and soft. Maybe I wasn't attracted to guys, but in that moment I thought Chris was hot as hell. This was somebody I cared deeply about and I was going to make him feel good. He almost immediately shut his eyes and began groaning. This was going great. He began quickly pumping me too, I tried to pace myself, I really wanted to cum with him, when he suddenly pushed me away again. I immediately panicked.

"What's wrong?"

"Nothing. I just..." he trailed off. Something was obviously on his mind, but he couldn't seem to get it out. I saw him struggle for a moment before seemingly giving up. "I want to get you off. Can I give you a blow job?"

Actually the idea kind terrified me and I was shocked by the question, but I was so horny at this point I wasn't going to say no.

"Ok." I answered meekly.

Both scared and very, very turned on I began trembling as he grabbed my cock and began sliding down the bed, moving between my legs. With one hand wrapped around my cock, slowly pumping, he began sucking my balls, his other hand rubbing my chest, playing with my nipples. He started licking my shaft, going up and down the full length, making circles with his tongue around the crown, teasing me, driving me crazy.

With both nervousness and excitement I was visibly shaking now. Chris pulled his mouth away and for a moment I was thought he was going to stop because my shaking worried him when he plunged down on me, taking my cock into his mouth, pumping up and down.  

I let out a loud gasp. This was amazing, no girl had ever given me head like this before. I knew I wasn't going to last long. I started breathing and groaning extra loud to let him know what was coming in case he didn't want to swallow, but he didn't hesitate, instead he reached between my legs and pushed a finger into my asshole. I lost it and came hard, my asshole clinching his finger. I shot load after load as he sucked it all up.

He lingered, licking up the last drops, his finger still just inside my ass. I finally relaxed and felt his finger move, slowly massaging my opening. What was happening I wondered. His head was now resting on my thigh, his finger still gently exploring my opening.

"Chris," I said after a while, "is there anything I can..." I didn't know how to finish that sentence.

"I really want to fuck you." he blurted out, looking embarrassed at this confession, not sure how I'd react.

"I..." I began, but my brain was a fog, still feeling punch-drunk from the orgasm. "I don't know. I don't think so." I finished apologetically, looking down. I regretted it as soon as I said it, but at the same time I was relieved not to have to have to push any more boundaries that night. I'd just had a mind-blowing orgasm and I'd lost the momentum for experimentation.

He immediately pulled out his finger. I looked back up at his eyes and I could see the strain in his face. He was worried he'd pushed it too far. I wanted to comfort him, let him know it was OK for him to ask, but I couldn't find the words.

"That's alright." he said standing up, "I've just got to ... go to the bathroom."

Looking down I could see he was still fully erect and I knew exactly what he had in mind.

"You now, you don't have to leave to take care of that. I mean, if you don't want to."

"Are you sure?"

"Really."

He lay back down on the bed and after looking at me to make sure I was really OK with this, he closed his eyes and began slowly stroking himself. Watching him, laying back, eyes half closed, body relaxed, cock sticking out straight over his flat stomach, he looked so vulnerable, so strangely sexy, I was overcome with a desire to touch him. I timidly reached out my arm.

"Would you like me to...?"

He was already breathing hard by that point, "No thanks, but... is it OK if I look at you?"

"Go for it."

He began looking me up and down with his eyes, sweeping down my chest, my stomach, lingering at my cock, still moist and now slowly growing again. He licked his lips, getting turned on the memory of sucking me off. His strokes grew faster, his arm tense, chest muscles flexing. He was close, but wasn't quite getting there. I looked up to his face and saw him look back at me, locking eye contact he began to squint, reaching the point of no return. I looked back down just in time to see him come, semen spraying far up his chest in jet after jet as he let out a groan, finally laying back panting.

After a pause, I realized my eyes were still locked on his cock and becoming self-conscious I looked up to his face, his eyes closed, enjoying the moment. He finally reached over for the tissues, cleaned himself up wordlessly and got back under the covers. I did the same and I could see from his face that he wanted to say something, but it was several minutes before he broke the silence.

"You know, my family doesn't get back till Monday if you want to come over again tomorrow." quickly adding "I mean, not do anything. No pressure. Just hang out. It's just, starting Monday I'm probably not going to have any time to meet before I leave for college and it would be good to hang out one more time before I leave."

"Sure, I can come over." I said, noncommittally, unsure if I would or if I would chicken out and what might happen if I didn't. My imagination running wild, I decided not to make any decisions. tomorrow would take care of itself.