 The Master came home from the slave market carrying a small cage. He carried it with ease, as if it wasn't heavy. He took it into the most secure cell in the house. 

This cell was completely soundproof. It was solid steel all the way around, protected by three steel doors, each with a different locking mechanism. There were cameras linked to a main room which could control the doors.

The Master's slaves watched in confusion as the Master locked all three doors before coming back into the main room. Surely, any slave small enough to fit into that small cage wouldn't be dangerous.

"I brought a new toy." He said sitting down. A slave brought him a drink. "Apparently, he is incredibly flighty. He's managed to almost escape five times despite being heavily guarded. They've sedated him for the last few days but we cannot keep him sedated forever. He is not dangerous, he has never hurt anyone. Basil, Thyme, take him out of his cage, chain him to the block then wake him. I want to watch how he escapes. You four" He nodded at four slaves. "Take a sedation gun and wait at the third exit. If he gets there, sedate him again."

The six slaves went to their places. The Master went to watch from the video room.

****

Basil and Thyme were two big guys. They were both naked apart from loin cloths. Basil and Thyme were from a water planet and could control water. They looked at the small cage.

"D'ya think he'll be able to escape from us?' Thyme asked nervously.

"No. He is tiny, no? We are big. Not scared by that little thing. Come on, open the cage. Pull 'im out."

Thyme pulled the cover off the cage and took a look at the new pet.

"Tiny." Thyme agree. He opened the cage and lifted the lifeless body out of the cage. He put the new pet onto a block. Basil tied the boy's hands behind his back then looped a long rope through a ring in the ceiling. He pulled it tight so that the boy was hanging from it with his knees on the block. Thyme let the boy go and then tied the boy's legs to either side of the block. They stood back to examine him.

The boy's skin was a shimmering light brown colour, maybe gold in the right light. His whole body was devoid of hair except for the long, totally white hair that was currently hanging in front of his face.

"He's pretty. Not Master's normal style."

"I guess if Master trains him then he can be sold for lots of money." Basil picked up a needle, flicked it experimentally and injected the new toy. "Check his bonds."

Thyme checked that the boy was securely tied as they waited for him to come round. The boy lifted his head slowly but kept his eyes closed. He shook his hair out of his face. Basil and Thyme watched him. He opened his eyes and made eye-contact with Basil. 

"Untie me" The boy said without moving his lips.

Basil moved round to release the boy as if in a trance.

"What are you doing?" Thyme asked.

The boy looked at him. "Still." He said. 

Thyme stopped moving. Basil released the boy. He stood up and turned to Thyme.

"Tie him up." He said. Basil put Thyme on the block and then tied him up. "Get in the cage." Basil sat in cage. It was far too small for him. "Stay."

The boy went over to the door. He ran his hands over the door. He touched the lock mechanism then pulled out one strand of hair and blew on it so it went hard. He pushed it into the lock then blew on it again. The hair expanded in the lock and then broke the mechanism. The boy pulled the door open and went towards the next door, his eyes still closed. He felt over the door again. The Master watched him via the video monitor.

The boy had pushed another hair into a gap between two bricks. He pulled out a small wire and bit into it with his teeth. The door opened straight away. The Master smiled. He didn't think that the boy would be able to get past the third door. It was locked on the outside and could only be opened by someone standing on the other side. There was also a fingerprint recognition scanner to allow those standing on the other side to know who was asking to be let out.

The boy's eyes were closed and he was frowning as he felt the door and the surrounding wall. He walked back to the first room and opened his eyes to make eye contact with Basil. 

"Come with me." His eyes blinked and flicked as he spoke but his lips didn't move. Basil stood up and followed the boy through to the third door. "Open this door."

Basil pressed his finger to the scanner. The four slaves behind the door recognised the ID and looked at each other. One moved forward to open the door. The Master turned on the intercom.

"Do not open the door." He said. "I'm coming down."

He stood up and opened a drawer and pulled out a bunch of sunglasses. He went down to where the four slaves were waiting.

"Is he dangerous, Master?" A pretty girl asked nervously.

"No, but he was about to escape. Put these on." He handed out the sunglasses. "Right, have your stun guns at the ready. I'm going to open the door."

The Master opened the door slowly. Basil stood alone in the hall and in a trance. The Master slapped him. Basil woke up with a start and glanced around.

"How did I get out here?" He asked.

"He hypnotised you. Put these on." The Master handed him a pair of sunglasses and led his group towards the room. They went into the cell. The Master sighed. "Someone untie Thyme and wake him up."

The boy stood in the corner of the room, shaking slightly. He was desperately trying to see the eyes of everyone in the room. The Master walked towards him, slowly, carrying a blindfold and a set of handcuff.

"Don't be afraid, my little one. Do as you are told and I won't hurt you. You cannot be trusted so for now you will have to be blindfolded. Step forward." The Master held out the blindfold.

The boy looked around desperately then took a step backwards. The Master turned to the other slaves.

"You are dismissed. Thyme wait outside the door."

The slaves left, Thyme shut the door.

"Come now, boy. Step forward and submit to the blindfold."

The boy reached out his hands towards the sunglasses. His eyes were still closed and his hands trembled. The Master quickly locked the handcuffs to the boy's wrists. He recoiled onto the floor in horror, he struggled with them until the Master put a hand on his shoulder. The boy turned his face up to the Master, keeping his eyes tightly closed. He tried to reach for the glasses again.

"You are not getting me to remove these until you are blindfolded and bound. You shall wear a blindfold until I can trust you not to attempt an escape. What's your name?"

The boy's eyes fluttered slightly.

"Will you not speak to me? Will I have to beat it out of you?"

The boy quickly opened his eyes and stared into the Master's eyes. The Master grabbed his chin.

"Stop trying to control me. You will submit eventually." The Master let the boy's chin go and attached the blindfold to him.

*****

The boy dangled from ropes attached to the ceiling and his wrists. His legs were pulled apart and chained to the floor. His toes were barely touching the floor. His head was hanging limply.

"Why don't you just speak?" Tulip, a young female slave, asked gently as she dabbed his forehead with a wet cloth. "He'll beat you until you do as he says."

Tulip had watched as the Master had beaten the boy until he was so frustrated he had left.

The boy looked up at Tulip, his eyes still closed. He wasn't wearing a blindfold anymore but she was wearing sunglasses. Tulip felt sorry for him, he seemed defeated and helpless.

"Nod your head if you understand me." She said. The boy nodded his head. "You spoke before, so talk to me now!"

The boy dropped his head.

"You want to talk don't you?" 

The boy lifted his head again.

"But you're unable?"

He nodded his head again.

"Why?"

The boy stuck out his tongue towards her sunglasses.

"You want me to take these off?"

The boy smiled.

"If I do, you must promise not to hypnotise me and escape. Nod if you promise."

The boy nodded his head. Tulip took the sunglasses off and waited for the boy. He opened his eyes and made eye contact with her. She froze.

"Put the sunglasses on me." He said quietly. Tulip put the sunglasses onto him. "Wake."

She came out of her daze slowly.

"Did you hypnotise me?" She asked confused.

"My species talk through visual telepathy. We have to see the eyes of the people we want to speak to. When we speak to non-telepathic species we control their actions. If we wear a screen then we can speak without control."

"So you can't speak if we wear glasses or if you wear a blindfold?"

"No."

The Master returned looking angry. He started at Tulip.

"What are you doing?" He demanded.

"He can't talk if he can't see our eyes, Master." Tulip replied.

The Master stood in front of the boy and removed his glasses.

"What is your name?"

"I cannot show you with glasses on. I showed you earlier but you did not understand."

"Don't show me, tell me!"

"My name is a sequence of blinks. It's left half-blink, right half-blink, both eyes half-blink, left half-blink."

The Master laughed.

"I can't call you that. You don't see with your eyes? I noticed when you were escaping, you kept your eyes closed."

"No. We see telepathically." The boy dropped his head, obviously exhausted.

"So how do you see?"

"Master?" Tulip whispered. He turned his head to her. "He's exhausted from the beating and he's probably not eaten for ages."

The Master turned around.

"I know what is best for my slaves. Have I ever left you in a bad state?" He asked angrily.

"No, Master." She looked at the floor.

The Master turned back to the boy.

"Tulip, go get some food prepared for us."

"Yes, Master." The girl quickly left the room.

"Master, Master, Master." The boy said quietly with a smile, when the Master turned back to him. "Master, because you beat them. Master, because you beat them. Master, because you brought them like you buy bread!"

"You do not have slaves on your planet?" The Master asked as he went behind the boy and started untying him. "No answer, boy?" He slapped his ass then returned to stand in front of him.

"No eye-contact. No speech. Oh worthy, Master." He said sarcastically.

"You are certainly for a beating."

"No, 'master'. When I don't talk I get a beating. When you hide your eyes I get a beating."

"One day you will call me Master and mean it."

"I'm not convinced of that."

The Master tied the boy's hands behind his back then sat him on the bed. Tulip returned with a tray. She placed it on a table near the bed. The boy smiled at her as she looked up at him.

"Thank you." He said. Tulip smiled back at him.

"Tulip. Leave." The Master said jealously. He paced in front of the boy then turned to him. "When Tulip took her glasses off, you had the opportunity to escape but instead you told her how to contain you. Why?"

"I promised her I wouldn't escape."

"Do you promise not to escape if I unchain you?"

"I do not."

"Then you won't eat."

"Oh, loving and caring 'master'!" He spat angrily. "I will not submit to you."

"How long can you last without food?"

"How long will you refuse to feed me for?"

***** 

The boy lay flat on the table, his arms tied above his head and his legs secured to the bottom of the table. He was blindfolded and surrounded by strong smelling food. 

"Just promise him, Sequence." Tulip said. "It's been a week, surely not even your species can survive much longer than this."

"Master said not to speak to him." Basil said. "And you're not meant to call him 'Sequence', you're meant to call him 'Bamboo'."

Tulip frowned at him then stood back in the corner.

"It's been a week, Basil, a week with no food. How long could you hold out without food?"

"Five hours" Basil laughed. "I got to eat. Always."

The Master came in and looked at Tulip.

"Anything?"

"No, Master." Tulip heard her back on him and ran a damp cloth over the boy's head.

"Both of you. Leave!" The Master commanded annoyed at Tulip's obvious disobedience.

Tulip and Basil left.

"You're creating a defiant streak in my slaves, Bamboo!"

The boy fidgeted slightly.

"Wish you could talk now? I could easily destroy you. I could remove your eyes."

A smile passed over the boy's features. The Master smacked him in anger. He hated not being able to know what the boy was thinking. He ripped off his sunglasses and at the same time, without thinking, ripped off the boy's blindfold. The boy smiled as the master froze. 

"Untie me, 'master'." The boy laughed. The Master untied him and then lay down on the table and allowed the boy to tie him up. He put the sunglasses on himself. The Master blinked. "You can call me 'Sequence'. I think that's a good enough translation of my name. I'm certainly not called 'Bamboo'. I am not your slave. Now the question is, 'master' should I bring the others in to witness your disgrace or will release me? You see, O, 'master', you have no real power. Your power is based on fear and i don't fear you."

"Let me go."

The boy giggled. 

"How long can you go without food, 'master'?" He teased. "I can go a good six months. Can you?"

"I should have done more research on your species."

"No, you shouldn't have brought me. I was close to the people who stole me. I could've got back home. You need to take me back to that place."

"I will not let you go."

"I have wasted too much time away from my planet. You will never get me to submit. Just cut your losses and let me go. No one would respect you less than they do now."

"You could just hypnotise me and make me do this."

"Can't hypnotise you when I'm not looking at you."

"I can care for you."

"I don't need caring for. I need to go home."

"You have a family?"

"We are all related. We are all connected. I need to warn them about this slave trade."

"No one else from your planet will be taken. You are too much trouble to train and even if you were good slave material; the slave traders who took you were blown off course and their navigation was down. They really have no idea where your planet is."

"They don't know where I'm from?"

"No, if I took you back to the slave market, to the ship yards, would you be able to find your own way back to your planet?"

The boy sighed and looked at the floor.

"You are not my master. You are my jailer." He said sadly.

"Untie me and I will not attempt to restrain you again."

"Promise?"

"I promise."

The boy began untying him.

"What's sex like on your planet?" The Master asked, sitting up and untying his right leg as Sequence undid his left leg.

"Sex?"

"How do you mate?"

"Eggs are produced and fertilized. They are incubated for twenty cycles, we collect the hatch-lings and distribute them amongst the community."

"You don't have intimacy in mating? Mating is all about reproduction for you?" The Master helped himself to food from the tables around them. "Eat if you want."

"What else would mating be about?"

"Pleasure. That's why I brought you."

"You wish to mate with me for pleasure?" The boy examined the food on the table, picking up things and smelling them. The idea that he had been purchased as a sex slave didn't seem to worry him.

"Yes."

"You realise that I am the male of my species?"

"Yes. You must be hungry. You haven't eaten for a week."

"I haven't eaten for three weeks."

"I was stolen three weeks ago. I haven't eaten since I left."

"Why haven't you eaten?"

"I spent five days attempting escape. Four days sedated. A day in isolated. Another four days sedated and seven days with you."

"Eat now."

"To build up my strength for when you decide to mate with me?"

"Always so sarcastic, little one."

"I could easily destroy you." Sequence said echoing the words the Master had spoken to him earlier. He dipped his finger into a garlic sauce and tasted it. He frowned. "Does no one know where I'm from?"

"The traders said somewhere east of here. They were travelling for three weeks until they managed to get back here." 

Sequence nodded slightly.

"I'll find a way to get back."

"Does this food not appeal to you? What would you prefer to eat?"

"I'm not hungry at the moment." Sequence shrugged.

"You will have to eat at some point. I won't let you starve yourself."

"Some fruit will be fine."

"Will fruit be enough."

The boy turned towards the Master and took two steps towards him.

"I haven't eaten for three weeks when I thought there was a chance of getting home. Now I know there is no chance, why should food interest me?"

"Sequence, your life here will not be bad."

"You wish to mate with me, how will it be good?"

"You'll enjoy it, I promise."

"I don't want to be your slave."

"We're getting into a cycle."

"One I'm not sure we can get out of." Sequence held out his wrists to the Master. "I can't submit. Tie me up again before I attempt to escape."

"Let me show you how your life will be. Give me twenty-four hours to care for you and mate with you and then, if you still wish to escape, I shall tie you up. Deal?"

The boy nodded allowing the Master to stroke his hair before following the Master out of the room.

*****

"Do you know what he wants from you, Sequence?" Tulip asked as she washed his hair for him.

Sequence was sat in the bath, sunglasses still on. He shook his head as she was behind him, so he couldn't talk.

"Why have you given in then?" Tulip moved in front of him.

"I can't go home. I don't know where I am. And no-one knows where I'm from. If I am ever to get back home, I need to be able to access information."

"You're still going to try to escape?"

Sequence shrugged then lay back in the water to rinse his hair.

"We'll see how today goes. Maybe I will like it here so much that I do not wish to return to my home planet."

"You're not shy about being naked around me?"

Sequence sat up again.

"Naked? The lack of material on yourself?"

"Yeah, no clothes."

"Don't wear clothes. Don't have them on my planet." Sequence stood up and reached for a towel.

"And you're not scared about tonight?"

"Should I be, Tulip? What does he want from me? He said he wanted to mate with me for pleasure. There is no need to fear mating."

"It will hurt, Sequence. It will hurt for a long time. You see this?" She touched his cock. "He puts his one of these in here." She touched his anus.

"Why?"

"For pleasure. Doesn't that scare you?"

"He promised I'd enjoy it."

"Yes."

"Don't trust him, Sequence." Tulip quickly towel dried his hair. Then she reached for a hair brush and ran it through his hair. "You've got amazing hair."

"Thank you."

"Do all people on your planet have hair this colour?"

"We don't see in colour."

"Tulip, Master wants him now." Basil said from the doorway. 

Tulip sighed.

"Be safe, Sequence." Tulip said as Sequence followed Basil to a bedroom.

"Enjoy yourself, Sequence." Basil smirked as he shut the door.

*****

Sequence was fast asleep on the floor when the Master went into the room. Master smiled and bent down to pick him up. Sequence woke up as the master put him on the bed. 

"Are you still tired, little one? Or shall we try this?" The Master asked him gently. Sequence looked around himself.

"I wondered what this was for." He said, bouncing slightly. 

The Master smiled at him and leaned forward, brushing his lips against Sequence's lips.

"I'll be gentle with you tonight."

Sequence ran the back of his hand over his lips.

"What do you want from me? I feel that this process will change the dynamics of your household. Tulip believes this to be a bad thing, Basil believes that I have given in to you. Have you mated with Tulip?" 

"Tulip is endeared to you. She is beginning to detest me because she feels connected to you."
