 "I know you can see me, you murderous plant life!" A slightly wobbling man said loudly to the box. Ever since he'd seen Sequence, he'd been tossing back shots. "You, you and your disappearing planet! Everyone thought I was mad! I was even beginning to believe I had dreamt it. But now, you turn up, like a spy. What are you going to do?! You killed 39 men! All my crew! I only just survived!"

Thyme moved closer to the man.

"The boy is my Master's slave, Sir. He's harmless."

"Your Master? Where is your Master? I need to warn him."

"Problem, John?" The Master asked coming over to see what the commotion was about.

"You've got to kill him, you've got to destroy that plant. You'll wake up one day and all of this will be a dream. They'll be no evidence of any of this. He'll destroy you! I know; he destroyed me!"

"You've been to his planet, John?" The Master asked quietly.

"Got sucked into some spacial anomaly: invisible ice field. Crash landed on a planet, brown and white: everything brown and white. Millions of trees, brown trunks, white branches, white leaves. Some small, four foot, like him. Others bigger, the biggest had to be twenty foot minimum! Brown dirt, white water, white fruit, brown fruit, white leaves, brown leaves. Everything white and brown. We camp in a clearing in between all the brown and white trees. 

"In the morning, all the small trees, like him, small trees, all around us, close to us, between the tents, everywhere. And then they're all people, one minute: trees, the next: people. And then this voice, like a thought in our heads tells us to leave, to leave and forget. And I wake up. We wake up, on our ship. Twenty of us, injured; ship damaged. Everyone else remembers a fight. I remember them." John turned back to the box. "I remember you. I remember you! They all died but I remember." John turned to the master. "You have to get rid of him. You can't keep him."

"John, how long ago was this?"

"Ten years. Ten - fucking - years."

"He wasn't hatched then, John, he's only been hatched five. Just five cycles. He was caught by a slave ship who found his planet. They've all forgotten but they're not dead. His people, they've changed."

"Five cycles of what? What does a year mean to a planet with two suns? Five cycles of what?"

The Master signalled for Thyme to take John away. The other guests turned to the Master.

"He doesn't look much like a killer." One of them commented looking at Sequence.

"If he was, he would have killed someone by now. He hates being slave but not once has he even attempted violence."

"White and brown though. That's what John has been saying for ten years."

"I don't think he's mad. I think he went to the planet. And they tried to make them forget and failed or something went wrong. Either way, Sequence wasn't part of it and neither is he violent. Look at him."

"John'll try to kill him." Lady Madeline said. "Not even Thyme will be able to stop him, he's upset." Lady Madeline looked at the box. "He can't talk can he?"

"No, he's blindfolded."

"He can hear?"

"Yes, He's heard all of this."

"He's a plant life-form then?"

"Not sure, I think so."

"You should take him home, Daniel." Lady Madeline gently pulled the Master's arm. "Take him home. He's beaten."

****

"You ok, Sequence?" Tulip asked, gently waking him up the next morning. Sequence sat up.

"Where's the master?" He asked.

"He's got to take John, that guy who shouted at you, to talk with the slavers, who caught you. He said I should offer you some leaves because its been five days since you last ate." Tulip pointed at a tray on the bed.

"Thank you, Tulip." Sequence picked up a leaf and sniffed it, then put it back on the tray.

"How was last night for you?" Tulip asked as she watched him experiment.

"I'm a bit stiff, my shoulders and my nose hurts but but I'll be ok."

"Not what I meant. How are you feeling about being a display piece like that?"

"It was probably better than being on a lead." Sequence began eating a leaf.

"You like that one?"

"Yeah, this one is good."

Tulip noted down the leaf he had chosen.

"Surely, last night was awful for you, Sequence. You should be devastated about i. He should have broken you last night. What did he do to you when you got back?"

"Untied me, fucked me. Then we slept."

"Did he say anything to you?"

"Said I'd done well and we'd talk more today."

"Were you there, Sequence, when that ship crashed?"

"I wasn't hatched but we have collective memory. I remember it."

"What happened?"

"They camped on an incubator. Smashed some eggs. We got scared. Fear diminished our control. We did not realise that they did not know what they were doing. We have learnt from our mistakes."

"You didn't mean to kill them?"

"We just wanted to get rid of them as quickly as possible. We didn't realise it would hurt them."

Tulip sighed.

"You said you didn't like sex with Master."

"What makes you think differently?"

"You were practically jumping onto my fingers and begging for him last night."

"I'm a sex slave. Its my job."

Tulip gasped.

"Don't tell him I said that."

"Why not? Its what he wants to know."

"He won't want it if he has it."

"That's the worst logic I have ever heard!" The Master said, laughing as he came in. Tulip stood up as the Master took of his jacket. He turned to find Sequence still on the bed, eating, but watching him. "What is it I won't want if i have, Sequence? Your obedience, your respect?"

Sequence smiled realising the Master hadn't heard his confession. Sequence slid off the bed and stood up. He shook out his hair then sat back down, picking up a leaf. The Master smiled at Sequence's show of partially respect.

"No-one on the lave ship has died. Warnings have been sent out across the sector so hopefully no-one else will interfere with your planet. I'm not sure how long I'll be allowed to keep you. People are scared of you."

"I can't do anything alone. I can't do anything at my age anyway. What will happen t me if they take me away from you?"

The Master waved Tulip to sit down and then sat on the bed himself, pulling Sequence close to him.

"They won't let you live but I won't let them take you. They won't take you if I can prove you're obedient."

"How will they kill me?"

"Could you find your own way home?" The Master asked choosing to disregard Sequence's question.

"No. Surely, my obedience was proved last night?"

"No, but we shall prove it tonight."

"Tonight?" Tulip asked.

"Some guys are coming round. Sequence, you've got to be good tonight."

"Blindfolded?"

"Yes, but not tied up. Serving us with Tulip."

"You won't let them hurt me?"

The Master shrugged.

"It may be necessary."

****

Sequence carried a tray of drinks round to each of the six men in the room. He went to John last, he put a drink down on the table near to John and then moved away from him. Sequence was naked apart from his blindfold. He left the tray on the bar and went to stand behind the Master. Tulip handed out cakes to the guests. 

"He seems well behaved. He seems a sweet boy."

"He's up to something." John said, watching Sequence. 

"John, calm. He wasn't even born or whatever." Another man said.

"Hatched; from an egg."

John shook his head. 

"He's a fucking tree."

"The poor lad seems scared by this whole thing. Come here, boy. What's with the name 'Sequence', anyway?" He asked the master as Sequence went over to him.

"Couldn't name him after a plant, could I?"

The man pulled Sequence down onto his lap and began caressing him.

"He's never attempted to hurt you?"

"No, hes never hurt anyone. Even when he was trying to escape. He hypnotises but he's never hurt anyone."

"Has he hypnotised you?"

"Once."

"What did you do to punish him?"

"Fucked him, beat him."

"Starved him?"

"Doesn't work. He can go six months without food."

"What's he like in bed?" The man groping Sequence asked.

"He's awesome." The Master smiled.

"How much for a night with him?" Another man asked.

"You couldn't handle him! Look at him!" The groping man lifted Sequence up and held him by his chin. "Look at how he holds himself. Pride, no shame. He'll break you."

The other guys laughed.

"I could handle him. How much for me to have a night with him?"

"Why don't you ask him?" The Master said, taking a cake from Tulip.

"He needs the blindfold taken off to talk, right?"

"Yeah."

The groper removed Sequence's blindfold.

"So, Sequence, how would you like a night with me?"

Sequence glanced over at the Master. The man grabbed Sequence's chin and forced him to look at him again.

"Not talking, boy?" The man slapped him. "I have no problem beating you before I fuck you!" 

Sequence frowned and shuddered slightly but kept his eyes tightly shut.

"This is not the best show of obedience I have ever seen." The man grabbed Sequence's hair and then pinched his nipple. The man brought out a knife and began cutting Sequence's chest.

"Master." Tulip whispered gently as the man's abuse of Sequence became more severe.

"Did I forget to mention that he talks with his eyes and if he opens his eyes while not wearing sunglasses, he'll hypnotise us all?"

The men turned to Sequence.

"How long would he have let me continue to beat him? " The man picked Sequence off the floor.

"I don't know. Tulip, go get a washcloth and clean him up for us."

Tulip left the room.

"She can't stand him getting hurt."

"That's understandable. He is remarkably beautiful and innocent. I'm surprised you let him damage the boy."

"He heals well." The Master smiled as Tulip returned to tent to Sequence. "I worry that she is too attached."

"I'll take her off your hands for a while, teach her some new tricks."

Sequence looked up at Tulip as she dabbed the cloth over a knife cut. She looked at his closed eyes, knowing he could see her then looked away.

"Nar, I'll deal with it. Tulip, put the blindfold back on Sequence then take him to the slave room. Send Thyme and Basil up. We're going to the slave market."

****

"You in much pain, Sequence?" Tulip asked replacing his blindfold with sunglasses.

"Not much. Do you think he'll beat you?" 

"He never has. I am too attached to you though. I hated it so much today. All those guys, lusting after you, beating you, discussing you like that."

"That's what being a sex slave is like isn't it? Ritual humiliation."

Tulip sighed.

"I guess I don't like seeing this side of Master. You're his only sex slave. Sex slavery involves humiliation because they use you to fulfil all their sexual desire wherever or whenever they desire. The whole idea of it is humiliating. He's never done anything to demean the rest of us. With you." Tulip shrugged. "I hate it."

Sequence lay out flat on the floor.

"Is he important? In this society, is he important?"

"Very important. A prince. Without his power you'd be killed. You add glamour and mystery to him. And you're dangerous, so it proves how powerful he is."

"I'm not dangerous."

"Everyone thinks you are. You're scary."

"Do I scare you?"

"No."

"Does he scare you?"

"Yes. Does he scare you?"

"Yes."

"You've been good for him today. Did the box hurt you, break you?"

"No. Ive been scared today. Need to live."

"Why? You hate it here."

"I have to get home."

"I thought you'd given that up."

"I have an insatiable desire to mate. I have to do it, I have to get back."

"Do you mate for life?"

"We mate as a community. Those who are sexually mature turn to trees. Those who aren't collect the eggs. When all the eggs are collected we place them around the base of permanent trees. Then the sexually mature fertilise the eggs and we build the incubators around them.

"Wow. So how many eggs do you produce?"

"About 50 each."

"50 each! Do all of them hatch?"

"Pretty much. At the moment all the conditions are right for complete harvests. If resources became limited less would hatch."

"Any you have to do this?"

"At least once. I have to get back there."

"Master won't let you."

"Ill do it without his permission."

"Don't want you hurt. Don't want you to leave us either."

Sequence sat up then moved to sit next to Tulip. He hugged her.

"I have to do this, Tulip."

****

The Master smiled as he looked down on the sleeping figures of Tulip and Sequence. Tulip was curled around Sequence, both of them snuggled into Tulip's single bed in the slave room. The Master gently roused Tulip, careful not to wake Sequence. Tulip pulled herself out of the bed, allowed the Master to wrap a blanket around her and lead her to the hallway outside of a readying room.

"I brought a new slave. A girl. Repossession. In pretty awful condition. Her last owner has been jailed. There's no point me trying to do anything with her; she might be damaged beyond repair, worth a try though." The Master sighed. "Get a couple of other girls to help you and get her cleaned and let her sleep. She'll need a hair cut and dental work: general clean up. Tomorrow you can do that."

"Always going for the lost cause, Master." Tulip smiled. "I like that about you. She'll be a general slave?"

"Yes. She was a sex slave, so keep her away from boys at the moment. Choose a good name for her; something pretty and positive, strong and unique." The Master cupped Tulip's chin. "Are you ok to do this?"

"Yes, Master, I want to."

"If it gets too much for you, I'll get someone else to do it."

"I'll be ok, Master."

"Good girl." The Master kissed her forehead, handed her the keys and left her to get on with job. He returned to the slave room where Sequence was still sleeping. He picked Sequence up from the bed, making sure that he was still wrapped in the blanket, and carried him to the video room. The Master sat down with Sequence on his lap and switched on the video monitor.

Tulip was running a bath, explaining every movement she made to the girl. The girl was still in the cage, even though the door was open. Tulip moved away from the bath, allowing the girl the time she needed to slowly creep out of the cage and get into the bath. The Master shook his head in disgust at her previous owner; the girl was branded and tattooed all over her body, there were old scars and whip marks all over her.

Sequence turned in his sleep, making the Master smile at him. The Master ran his hand through Sequence's hair, looking back at the screen to see Tulip washing the girl's hair. Sequence stretched and sat up, looking at the screen.

"I brought you a present, little one. Got it made especially for you." The Master untied Sequence's blindfold and picked up a small piece of elasticated fabric. He pulled it over Sequence's head, down to his neck, pulled Sequence's hair over the top of it. The Master pulled the fabric back up to Sequence's eyes. Built into the fabric was a tinted piece of flexible fabric: it was like a blindfold with built in sunglasses. Sequence smiled.

"So now I can talk with comfort?" Sequence said then kissed the Master. "Thank you. A new slave?"

"A lost cause, I fear. She was taken from her last owner. He's probably destroyed her. I've given her to Tulip."

"To take Tulip's mind off me?"

"Smart boy. Stand up, turn around." The Master pushed Sequence from his lap and removed his own clothes. He sat down pulled Sequence down, straight onto his cock. Sequence sucked in air at the suddenness of the un-lubricated intrusion, he threw his head back onto the Master's shoulder as the Master began raising his hips and pushing his cock into Sequence's ass.

"Put your feet up on the desk." The Master directed, setting up a fast pace as his pre-come added necessary lubrication. "Touch yourself."

Sequence began rubbing his cock in time with the Master's pace.

"You're so hot. Love it when I'm in your ass, when I come in your ass. Love to know you love it too." The Master shot his load deep into Sequence's ass then grabbed Sequence's cock and made him come too. The Master held Sequence close to him ad he drifted off to sleep.

****

The Master woke up to the sound of tapping. He opened his eyes, wondering why Sequence was no longer on his lap. He turned slowly to see Sequence sitting at a computer, facing away from him.

"What are you doing?" The Master took the two steps to where Sequence was, pulling Sequence away from the computer as the boy attempted to close the web pages. "What are these?" The Master clicked through the pages. "Is this your home planet? You found its location? You're still trying to escape!" The Master grabbed Sequence's arm, pulling him close to him and slapping him. "I thought you were happy here now. My gosh, Sequence! What do I have to do to keep you here?! If you're so unhappy here how about I sell you to someone else?"

"I don't want to leave!" Sequence suddenly seemed taller. The Master felt himself pushed against the wall. Sequence's arm was much longer than it should have been. "I need to mate. I need to get back, just once, I have to mate. You have to let me!"

Sequence changed back to his normal appearance as suddenly as he'd become weird looking. The Master found himself back by the computer, holding Sequence up by his arm. The Master picked Sequence up.

"What the fuck was that?"

"Optical illusion. Defence mechanism for when I'm stressed. I'm sorry."

"Did you grow?" The Master sat down with Sequence on his lap."

"No, you just thought I did. It's a mini-hypnotic thing."

"I'm going to beat you, Sequence, like I never have before."

"I'm sorry. It was accidental."

"You got angry at me. I can't allow that."

Sequence nodded. 

"I understand. I'm sorry."

"You need to mate, Sequence? All this fuss for sex?"

"Not sex. Mating for the first time completes the first stage of development. If I don't do it, I'll lose control. I'll become dangerous. I have to mate and I can't do it here."

"Just once?"

"Just once." Sequence nodded.

"Next year?"

"In the next cycle." Sequence took the Master to the computer screen. "About six months until my sixth summer after hatching, but we're close to my planet. Only a couple of weeks away from it. Mating takes about two weeks; just six weeks. I'd come back. Look." Sequence pointed at the screen again. "You can tag me. Then you can transport me back if I fail to return. Give me three weeks on the planet, just to be sure." Sequence pleaded with the Master.

"I'll consider it. Go and wait in the basement while I check on Tulip.

****

Sequence sucked air in deeply, waiting for the next hit of the whip. His ankles were tied to the front legs of a chair and his wrists were tied to the top of the back legs. Another rope was tightly tied around his balls and looped through a ceiling hook, pulling his ass from the chair. The other end of the rope was tied around his neck. Each movement he made either pulled his balls further from his body or caused the rope around his neck to tighten. Another blow hit his legs. Sequence screamed.

"I suppose the good thing is that I don't have to worry about you getting kidnapped if I take you out."

"I can't hurt anyone."

"No, but you can scare them." The Master brought down the whip on Sequence again. "So, you don't want to leave now?"

Sequence wriggled slightly, trying to loosen the rope around his neck.

"Couldn't now. I'm connected here; it would hurt as much to lose this connection as it does losing the one to my planet." Sequence jumped as the whip hit him again. "I'm sorry, Master."

The Master gasped at the sincerity in Sequence's voice.

"What did you say?"

"I said I was sorry."

"Was that all you said?"

"That was all I said."

The Master smiled.

"Now Sequence, either you tell me what you said or you'll stay like that for the rest of the night?"
