 "Still hurt, Sequence?" Tulip asked as she helped him wash the next morning.

"My arms are ok. My side still hurts a bit. A little tear. I'll be ok." Sequence replied quietly.

"You nervous?" Daffodil said.

"Can't walk in those shoes. I'll fall, he'll be angry."

"Small, high steps."

"High?"

"Yeah, lift your knees high but keep the steps small."

"Ok, I can do that. Are you sure?"

"I've been wearing heels since before you were hatched." Tulip helped Sequence out of the bath. "He fucks you hard, Sequence. And he beats you hard."

"He's not going to mess me up like your last owners messed you u. I like the beatings, although last night was harsher than usual but it was a proper punishment." Sequence allowed Daffodil to help him into the robe. "Will you be there today?"

"No. Basil and Thyme will be."

"Why did you tell Thyme to beat me?" Sequence stared at Daffodil.

"You were being arrogant."

"I'm jealous of you being higher than me." He said.

"I'm not." Daffodil turned to Tulip. "Am I?"

"We do something wrong, Sequence takes the punishment. We're higher than he is."

"And he tells you stuff he keeps secret from me."

"He's protecting you."

"No, he's protecting you. That's why you're not going."

"Shoes on, Sequence." Tulip said, changing the subject. 

Sequence stepped into the shoes.

"Hate these things." Sequence mumbled, walking around slowly.

"Looking sexy, Sequence." The Master said, coming in, wearing a suit that matched Sequence's outfit. "You ready?"

"Yes, Master." Sequence dropped his head.

"Didn't say you had to be good today." The Master laughed, lifting Sequence's chin and kissing his nose. "Don't obey anyone else. Only do what I tell you to do. Don't answer anyones questions unless I say, ok?"

"Ok." Sequence nodded.

"Be good, girls. Come on, Sequence."

****

"Oh my gosh, Daniel! Must you wear republican colours every time you meet with us? You're a prince! You're not allowed to be anti-monarchy." The man sat on the throne in the main room said angrily.

The woman said next to the man, smiled, stood up and hugged the Master.

"You do infuriate your father, Daniel. But wait!" She moved towards Sequence. "Who is this?"

"Sequence. New slave."

"Beautiful. Absolutely stunning." The lady touched Sequence's hand, pulling him away from the Master. "Ah, look, shes holding onto you, how sweet."

"I'd heard you'd brought yourself a dangerous boy-toy." The man said.

"That's him." The Master nodded at Sequence. "Mum, put his blindfold back on."

"He looks like a girl. I want to see his eyes. What colour are they?"

"They're white."

"He's blind?"

"Sort of. He sees telepathically. Talks with his eyes. He wears the blindfold so that he can communicate with us without hypnotising us."

"Hypnotise?" The man asked unimpressed.

"He's obviously not dangerous. I took his blindfold off and he didn't attempt anything. He's beautiful, Daniel. I understand why you got him, male or not."

"I've had a number of people asking for him to be destroyed."

"If he were not my slave, you wouldn't even consider it."

"Come here, little one." The man said to Sequence.

Sequence looked up to the back of the Master's head but didn't move."

"He only listens to you. That's impressive."

"What do you want him for?"

"Just to speak with him."

The Master held his hand out to sequence and led him to the man. Sequence stood in front of the man uncertainly. The man pulled Sequence onto his lap. 

"Do you know who I am?"

Sequence shook his head then looked up to the Master, unsure if he was allowed to talk. The Master nodded.

"No, Sir." He whispered.

"I am your Master's father. I'm also king of this country."

Sequence tilted his head.

"Kings are important?"

"Yes, very important. The most important. You don't have kings, a leader?"

"We are a community."

"Are you dangerous?"

"I can't hurt anyone?"

"You could make someone kill someone else couldn't you? Hypnotise them?"

"Only if they desired to kill that person. I can channel desires into actions." Sequence stared at the king. "I could make you kill my Master but I could not make him kill you."

"Ah, you are dangerous because you can see people's thoughts."

"No. I can see my people's thoughts. I can only feel desires here."

"Do you feel my desire about you?"

"Yes. Master won't allow it. Your wife would not allow it. I would not meet your standards."

"Would not allow what?" The queen said raising an eyebrow.

"You said yourself that he was beautiful." The king smiled. "See, you're a dangerous little thing."

"Sorry." Sequence looked down at the floor.

"He's cute, Daniel. You won't be able to control him for long. When that day comes I expect you to do the honourable thing and dispose of him safely."

"I won't kill him."

"No, I cannot make you do something you don't want. You have a duty to control your slaves and protect others. You will not let him hurt someone else. I know that much."

"I wouldn't hurt anyone. I couldn't."

The king slapped the boy.

"Speak when you're spoken to." The king laughed when Sequence dropped his head again. "You have no idea how powerful you are, little one."

Sequence lifted his head and watched the king's eyes to check he was allowed to talk.

"I have no power. I'm alone here. Master." Sequence looked towards the Master. "Master is my community."

The king pushed Sequence off his lap as he stood to go to Daniel.

"Lets go to lunch." He suggested taking his wife's arm. "You can either wear that. Do you take him?"

"No. He's no fun with food. Sequence, stay with Tulip."

The three left the room followed by Basil, Thyme and four other slaves who served as bodyguards to the king and queen.

****



Sequence changed into his shorts, he didn't mind wearing them; it was getting colder now. He looked through the wardrobe and pulled out a white jacket. Then he pulled out a pair of flip flops that were too big for him. He left the room, looking for Tulip and Daffodil. He wandered down to the kitchens. The cook and kitchen slaves smiled at him.

"Hey, Sequence. Good morning?"

"Yeah, was ok." Sequence opened a cupboard and pulled out a box. He opened it and pulled out a leaf. "Why do you cook so much? Master is out with Basil and Thyme. Only you and Tulip and Daffodil to feed."

The group laughed.

"Sequence, Master owns almost one hundred slaves! Have you never left this floor of the house?"

"One hundred slaves? I had no idea!"

They laughed again. Sequence bit his leaf and watched them cooking.

"How does he control them all?"

"He delegates. I'm in charge of all the kitchen slaves. Basil and Thyme are in charge of all security and transport. Tulip and now, Daffodil are in charge of the house. Master punishes one of us when things go wrong in our departments and we punish the person who made the mistake."

"Master punishes me when Tulip or Daffodil do something wrong."

"You're just a new punishment. He has lots of punishments that have nothing to do with beating. Wheres Master gone?"

"Out of eat."

"Without you? What are you meant to be doing?"

"Finding Tulip."

"Won't find her here. You're just distracting us here."

"Do you know where she is?" Sequence asked, smiling at one of the lower slaves who had just made another mistake because he was paying too much attention to Sequence.

"Saw her downstairs about an hour ago."

"Ok." Sequence put his leaf box back in the cupboard. "I'll see you later." He left, munching on his leaf.

****

Sequence wandered around the house, following the telepathic trail left by Tulip and Daffodil. He wandered into a small room.

"What are you doing?" He asked.

The two girls turned towards him. Tulip was holding a small whip.

"What are you doing? Shouldn't you be with Master?" Daffodil said nervously.

"Finished. Who you beating?" Sequence went round them. There was a young man standing with his legs cuffed to the floor and his hands chained to the ceiling. "What did you do to make them beat you?"

The boy looked up at him.

"You're Master's sex slave?" The man said in awe.

"Yeah. Who are you and what have you done?"

"Didn't clean the room I was meant to. Went to sleep. Got caught. I'm a house slave."

"Why did you go to sleep?"

"Was tired."

"Why?" Sequence stared at him, trying to get a reading of his thoughts.

The boy dropped his head to break eye contact.

"Who were you fucking?" Sequence smiled. "He's been fucking someone." Sequence turned to the girls. "Oh my gosh!" He made eye contact with the two girls. "You've been fucking him! Master is going to beat me so badly when I tell him about this!"

"You can't tell him, Sequence!" Tulip begged.

"I can't lie to him. You know I can't lie to him. You fuck him before you fucked me?"

"You've slept with Master's sex slave?" The boy's eyes widen.

"Yeah, it was awful!" Sequence grinned at him. "When was your first time with them?"

"With Daffodil, just last night."

"And with Tulip?"

The boy shrugged.

"Since I've been here."

Tulip flicked the whip so that it landed on Sequence's shoulder. Sequence jumped and turned to her.

"You won't tell him, Sequence."

"What difference will it make to you? He'll beat me for it." He began untying the man. "You seem to enjoy making boys take the beatings you deserve. Why don't you have a name?"

"Lower slaves don't get a name."

"Sequence, he's a slave in my domain. He's under my control!"

"So you get to abuse him?"

"Haven't abused him."

"Made him do something Master hasn't told him to do. You can go, they ever beat you for something that's their fault, you come find me. I'll sort them out. Call yourself something, like Pine or something."

The boy ran off before the girls could stop him.

"You shouldn't undermine my authority, Sequence."

"You shouldn't authority that you don't have. If you're going to fuck him all night be lenient when it comes to his work!"

"He has to work and we can't show favouritism."

"Sure you can! Everyone knows that the one you fuck is your favourite." Sequence grinned. "Master gave me to you thinking that you needed a confidence boost and all this time you've been fucking someone else?! He won't be happy."

****

The Master kissed Sequence's shoulder gently as the boy slept. He got into the bed next to the small creature. Sequence turned towards him.

"You're back, Master!" Sequence whispered, moving closer to him and kissing him on the lips.

"Miss me?"

Sequence nodded attempting to move on top of the Master.

"You horny, Master?"

"Where did you learn that word?" The Master laughed.

"Been reading." Sequence smiled and began to nipple at the Master's shoulder.

"Ah, you're understanding more, I see. No, I'm not horny. You seem to be."

Sequence smiled and slid off the Master, curling into his arms.

"Not really horny. How come Tulip is in charge of other slaves and I'm not?"

"I only have one sex slave, there's no one for you to be in charge of. You went downstairs today then?"

"Didn't know the house was so big or that you had so many slaves. Met some nice people."

"Tulip show you around?"

"No, I stole one of her slaves."

The Master laughed.

"Male or female?"

"Male. I thought he was my age but he's older. he's nice. Tulip was beating him."

"Why?" The Master demanded, sitting up, suddenly angry. Sequence moved to sit between the Master's legs.

"She said he was lazy. He said he was tired."

"Why should he be tired? What's he been doing?"

Sequence shrugged.

"If I was horny, what would I be allowed to do about it?"

"You're not so it doesn't matter. What had the boy being doing?"

"I don't know, Master." Sequence disappeared under the sheets and began to lick the Master's balls.

"Is this how you lie to me?" The Master asked pulling Sequence back up. He smiled, amused at Sequence's attempts to deceive him.

"I can lie, Master!"

"The act of lying involves acting normally not doing something to distract a person from the lie." The Master kissed him. "What's going on, Sequence? No more lying."

"Tulip's been fucking him and she let Daffodil fuck him last night." Sequence said quietly.

"Before I let her fuck you?"

"Yeah. You're going to bed me bad for this aren't you?"

The Master pushed Sequence back under the covers.

"You may continue your lying down there." He lay back as Sequence took the Master's balls back into his mouth.

****



Tulip and Daffodil's arms were tied to the same hoop in the ceiling but they were facing away from each other. Tulip's left leg and Daffodil's right leg were tied to each other and another hoop in the ceiling, meaning that they were standing on one leg with the other parallel to the floor. Both were gagged but this wasn't preventing their moans from being heard. They each had in a vibrating anal plug, electrodes on their clits and nipples and a vibrator in their cunts. The anal plug and electrodes were controlled remotely by the Master who was watching from the video room.

"You're hurting them, Master?" Sequence asked, turning from the video screen.

"Not like beating them. An overdose of pleasure."

"Like when you fucked me with the extension?"

"Yeah, a bit like that."

"I could be in charge of your garden."

The Master looked up at him, leaving the controls alone for a moment.

"What?"

"I'm good with plants, Master. I went out there and theres just grass and neglected trees. I could make them good."

"You'd like that?"

"Yes, Master. I could show you how pretty it was back home."

"You don't see in colour. John said it was white and brown."

"I'm white and brown. Don't you think I'm pretty?"

The Master laughed.

"Ok, you can have the gardens. How many slaves will you need?"

Sequence shrugged.

"Maybe five. Can I have Pine?"

"Who's Pine?"

"The guy they fucked."

"Pine?"

"He said he didn't have a name, so I called him 'Pine'. Is that ok?"

"Take whoever you want. Don't fuck any of them!"

Sequence pouted.

"How do I get you to do that to me if I don't fuck around?"

The Master laughed.

"Ask me."

"Will you beat me later?"

"Depends how good you are today."

Sequence giggled and skipped out of the room.

****

Four months later

****

The Master went out into the gardens, he was carrying two glasses of wine. He sat down on a garden chair and placed one of the glasses on the table. The garden was looking amazing. There were flowers all around the path, the trees had been pruned and there were fruit plants growing near the boarders. Sequence was certainly good with plants; they responded to him and grew well past season.

The Master didn't send anyone to fetch Sequence. Somehow, Sequence had developed the ability to sense when the Master desired him. Sequence came around the corner, talking intently to Pine; they were looking through a magazine as they walked. They stopped under a tree then Sequence continued to the Master. Sequence was wearing a completely white outfit; white jeans, a white jacket and white pumps. He smiled at the Master and sat down on the edge of the chair. 

"It's looking good, Sequence." The Master handed him the wine glass, watching as Sequence took a sip.

"Thanks, the fruit will be in season in a few months. That'll be good. We're thinking about planting more trees."

"Pine seems to be a good worker."

"Yeah, he enjoys it. That's important."

"Will he be ok to run the place when you're not here?"

"Why won't I be here?" Sequence asked unnerved.

"You need to go back to your planet, to mate."

"You're letting me go?" Sequence gasped. He stood up and moved to sit on the Master's lap, kissing him. "When? Do I have time to instruct Pine?"

"You'll have to hope he knows what he's doing. We leave tonight."

"Are you coming with me?"

"No. I'm sending Thyme with you. I'll take you to the ship. I'm going to give you a radio; when you're ready, just call Thyme and he'll collect you. If you don't want to return, just tell Thyme; he won't force you. He'll wait for you for three months."

"You won't force me to return?"

"I hope you will but if you decide not to, I think I've got my moneys worth."

Sequence hugged him.

"If I don't contact Thyme, have him collect me, just in case I can't get to the radio."

"Ok."

"I'll come back, Master."

"You say that now, but things might change. I'll understand."

****

"Did he come back?" The Master asked, as Thyme opened the door to the space craft.

Thyme struggled.

"Something came back, claiming to be Sequence. But he's bigger and with shorter hair. He didn't even have hair when he came on board. He's been sleeping since he returned." Thyme began unloading the ship.

The Master went into the back room of the ship.

"Master!" Sequence sat up. His hair was only shoulder-length and his body was long and thin.

"My gosh! What happened to you?"

"Need planting, Master. Ask Pine." Sequence's eyes closed and he curled back into a ball, to sleep.

**

"He said we should plant him here, Master." Pine said nervously. "Didn't understand what he meant. Thought he was joking. Didn't think he meant...is he dead? Will he become normal again?"

"You talk too much." The Master said watching Basil dig a hole.

"Yeah, Sequence says that; said it taught him what the word 'cute' means. I can't run the garden without him. I messed up with the pumpkins; I know I have. They seem small."

"Shut up, Pine."

"Yes, Master, sorry." Pine wrung his hands together as Sequences feet were buried in the hole.

Sequence stopped being floppy and tensed up; his arms and hair spread out like branches. His hair started growing as a bright light flashed around him. The ground shook and then Sequence slumped down.

"My gosh! Everything has grown! Look! Gosh, its beautiful." Pine spun around.

Sequence sat back attempting to pull him feet out of the ground. He smiled at the Master.

"You ok, Sequence?"

"Yes, Master. Mating was successful, see?" Sequence smiled, looking around the garden. "This is how we rejuvenated our planet. Mating causes things to grow." Sequence looked at his feet. "I can't get out."

****



"What did your people say?" The Master asked as he helped Sequence out of the bath.

"They're not my people anymore. They wanted me to stay and were disgusted by me wanting to leave; especially to slavery."

"Why did you come back to slavery?"

"It was really hard to get someone to fuck me and then when I did they tried to kill me. And they couldn't hear my thoughts properly. Don't understand why."

"Someone fucked you?"

Sequence shrugged.

"Not really, it was disappointing. I thought if they fucked me I might be able to stay. It is beautiful there; I wish I could take you there." Sequence looked at the Master as he was towel dried. "Will you fuck me now? Beat me later."

"Why would I beat you?"

"I fucked around. You beat slaves who fuck around."

The Master pulled Sequence into the bedroom and onto the bed.

"Sequence did you fuck someone so I'd beat you?" The Master smiled, pinching Sequence's nipple.

"I wasn't going to come back, why would I try to get into trouble with you?" Sequence stared into the Master's eyes for a few seconds before dipping his head to suck on the Master's nipple.

"That was almost good lying!"

"I wasn't lying. I can lie, if I wanted to I could!"

"Do you like Pine?"

"He's awesome. And a great gardener as long as he keeps away from the fruit and vegetables." Sequence smiled then removed the Master's towel from his waist, dipping his head and licking the Master's cock. "I've missed this."

"So have I. How about you train Pine as a sex slave?"

Sequence looked up at the Master.
