 This work is copyrighted and is property of the author. If gay stories offend you or if they are illegal in your area, leave. Any resemblance to any people alive or dead, or any event is purely coincidental.

Aurel was sleeping peacefully, curled around a pillow that he pretended was Sebastian, when Mych burst into the room. 

"Wake up! We need to get moving." 

Aurel was instantly on the alert. He sat up quickly, running his fingers through his hair. "What is it?" 

"Don't panic. He's fine." 

"What happened? What's wrong with Seb?" He tossed the bedcovers into a corner as Mych threw him some clothes. He put on the jeans and sweater in record time as Mych gave him the bare facts.

"But he's all right?"

"Just some cuts and bruises. He wasn't going very fast and he had his seatbelt on. I'm having things stalled at the clinic."

Aurel cursed, glaring at Mych. "How did this happen? You were supposed to be watching him."

"I don't know. I had some of my best men on him. They were prepared for different scenarios..."

"But?"

"We fucked up. No one figured on a sniper. It just seems so...human. It's not your way. It's not ours either." Mych hung his head. "I was caught off guard."

There wasn't much for him to say after that. Aurel finished tying his shoes then they were both out the door, streaking down the hall.

By the time they exited the house and got into the waiting car, Aurel was almost rigid with anger. He stared out the window as they swept down the drive. Mych still couldn't meet his eyes.

"I can't begin to tell you how sorry I am. I've shamed myself and my-" Mych stopped and shook his head, staring out the window and seeing nothing. "No. I shamed them long ago." He shifted in his seat uncomfortably. "It was actually quite brilliant of them. Firearms are so anonymous. With everything at our disposal, who would think to use something so-"

"Human?" His sarcastic tone was like dry ice. "It sounds like dumb luck was the only thing that saved him. No one else was prepared to." Aurel knew he was being unfair, but he couldn't keep the bitterness out of his voice. His Sebastian could have been killed

"I take full responsibility. I should have had everything covered."

"I don't know if I can forgive this Mych."

"I know."

"Do you? Do you really? Most mates can't live without the other. If anything happens to him, if anything-" Aurel choked up for a moment, mind blanking; unable to even process the thought. "I'm dead."

"No. I won't let that happen."

Aurel finally looked at him then, a cold, hard look. "What is your job description?" His voice matched his eyes.

The change of subject caught Mych off guard, but he answered quickly. "I protect you at all costs."

"Almost all costs. The well being of the Clan comes before me. Just because they are usually one and the same does not mean that they're mutually exclusive." The explanation was rattled off with the ease of constant use. Aurel was constantly reminding, Mych conveniently forgetting.

Aurel turned back to the view outside. "Sebastian is now your first priority. Protecting him is protecting me."

"But-"

"That's an order. Assign someone else to me. You will personally see to his safety."

"I can't do that."

"You will do it."

"We need to discuss this. I can put Ruvn on him; next to me he's the best. I couldn't trust him more if we were full-blood brothers.

"I don't-"

"Please- don't ask this of me, I beg you. I can't do it."

"Why not?"

Mych shook his head, unable to answer that. "Please."

They rode in silence for a while, watching the marshland give way to trees and the beginnings of an urban sprawl. Neither wanted to break the vacuum of silence left in the wake of Mych's entreaty. He had never humbled himself like that; ever. Yet Aurel knew that he would do it again and again. The quiet stretched between them, whipcord tight. 

It wasn't until they were pulling into the clinic that Aurel relented with a sigh. "Is Ruvn up to the task?"

"Yes."

"Don't answer in haste. Is Ruvn willing to give his life to protect Sebastian?" Aurel's every word was clipped and precise.

"Yes. Talk to him if you like. He knows what he is about. Just- don't do this thing."

"I'll talk to him." For once, to Mych's surprise and dismay, Aurel exited the car first. Mych expected him to dash for the clinic and made to follow, but was surprised when Aurel turned and grabbed the door, stooping down to be eye level with him.

"I love you like a brother, and I forgive you...this time. But understand this: If anything happens to Seb; before I die, everyone who contributed to his pain will suffer. Everyone. Are we clear?"

"Crystal."

"Are we all right?"

We'll always be all right. "Yes."

"Then let's go."

"Aurel," Mych stopped him with a small touch to the arm. "He'll be safe." Mych stared at him, willing him to understand the total sincerity behind his vow. 

I promise.

 ***