 Serving Rod -- Chapter 2.

I must have sucked Rod off a dozen times over the next day and a half. We developed a little routine, the three of us -- Rod, his dick, and I. While he was sleeping, I’d work on the project. 

Whenever Rod would wake up, his cock would get hard. He was always horny. Always. The man has an endless sexual appetite that’s impossible to fully fill, and his nuts make an endless supply of sperm that’s impossible to fully drain. His penis was insatiable, his sex drive, relentless. 

Wherever he was at the moment, that’s where it would happen. Nothing else mattered. After the first couple of times, he dropped the pretense and playfulness -- he’d just walk up to me and take his dick out, expecting me to damn well drop whatever I was doing and start sucking. 

And I did.

We worked on the project until well past midnight. He went off to bed, but not before stopping so he could -- as he’d put it - “Feed my boy his good night snack.” 

I slept on the couch for a while, until I woke up, uncertain of the time, with his dick in my face. That view was both terrifying and amazing -- waking up nothing but dick in my field of view, nothing but his hot, unwashed sticky genitals in my face, the overwhelming scent of his cock, nuts, and cum filling my senses. 

Instinctively, I opened my mouth and sucked. After several minutes of dedicated mouth work, his cock was pulsing with that familiar throb as he fed me another load of his baby batter. He grunted his approval, wiped his dripping cock in my hair, and returned to bed. 

Not a word had been said.

In the morning, I sucked him off in the kitchen while he had coffee. Then I blew him in the hall. Later, he painted my face and hair with cum in his parent’s bedroom -- on, as he put it, “the bed my dad bangs his new wife in!” After more project work, he invited me into the game room. He had me lay face up on the pool table, with my head dangling over the edge, and he proceeded to throat-fuck me. That was a frightening and humiliating experience, laying there and watching that cock, upside-down to my point of view, enter my mouth. I still couldn’t handle his cock in my throat, but he didn’t care, pushing and shoving it deeper and deeper until I gagged and choked something fierce. I think that actually made his dick all the harder, and he face-fucked me with a rage akin to hatred.

As his cock sought out the depths of my gagging, protesting throat, my view was limited to his big hairy balls, banging relentlessly against my eyes and nose until they drew tight against his cock, and I got to watch from a distance of zero as he delivered yet another load of cock-snot straight into my stomach. As he was coming, he wrapped his hands around my throat, both choking me and jerking himself off into as he shot straight into my belly. Finished with this load, he pulled his dripping, pulsing member from my throat, where it drooled the last of his seed into my eye before he wiped it clean in my hair. “Don’t let any jizz get on the felt,” he ordered, and staggered toward his bed for another nap. 

Inundated with and reeking from yet another batch of his seed, I lay there gasping. At least I could breathe again. 

Each time I sucked his cock and finished swallowing his cum, he’d go curl up and drift off into a post-orgasmic nap. This cycle repeated itself with alarming regularity until Sunday morning. By then I’d finished the project, predictably doing about 99% of the work myself, and I’d sucked Rod’s cock in every room in the house. 

I sat quietly on the couch near the low table in his living room, going over the completed project work. He was naked, laying on the other end of the couch, snoring softly. My gaze drifted down to his cock and balls, that massive serpent with its twin sperm-factories dangling beneath. His shaft lay casually draped over his leg, and small dollop of goo had oozed from the slit, leaving a little pool clinging to the hair on his thigh. I couldn’t tell if it was unshot sperm from his last orgasm or precum from the next sex act that was certain to be coming soon, and was undoubtedly dreaming about right now. There was a slight reddish coloration all along his shaft, as if it had worn itself a little raw repeatedly penetrating my throat. My mouth, jaw, and throat all ached in agreement with that, but I still couldn’t take my eyes off his cock.

I just looked at his manhood for a quiet moment, and reflected on the massive tool and the massive changes it had made to my life over the weekend. The combination of his heartbeat and his soft, slow breathing, kind of kept the beast moving ever so slightly on his leg, as if it was a restless dragon pacing back and forth, waiting to emerge from its lair to ravage the next fair maiden. I got a little nauseous when I realized that the fair maiden in this analogy was me, so I abandoned that thought and just returned to watching his dick. A pang of terror shot through me as I wondered how long my mouth would be enough to satisfy him, and what would happen when that was no longer the case. 

Maybe if my mouth was good enough he wouldn’t have time to think about... that. 

I shuddered and tried to push that thought out of my mind by studying his meaty penis. As it slowly undulated across his thigh, it would get a little harder, the head poking out from the shaft, then it would soften again and retreat just a bit. After a few minutes of just watching it, I came to the realization that I was now hard myself, just watching this cock that I’d suddenly become so intimate with, resting quietly, and that when it awakened, it would assuredly seek the warmth of my mouth once again.

That idea, the prospect of yet another sex act with Rod, did not make me upset at all, a fact that somewhat surprised me, and I found myself sliding toward the middle of the couch so I could be closer to his dick. I wanted to get a closer look at it moving as he slept. It looked like it was an independent, living thing, an entity unto itself, with its own desire and purpose. I found myself fascinated -- not really with Rod -- he’d shown himself as even more of an asshole than he used to be -- but I certainly was becoming enraptured with his dick. I found myself wanting to smell it again. I found myself wanting it in my mouth again. The thoughts were scary, yet persistent. God, I had very quickly adjusted from being terrified of his cock to -wanting- his cock! I inched a bit closer and bent over his leg to look at it. It looked... delicious. I inhaled deeply, savoring the musky aroma that came from the center of his manhood.

I gulped. Not only did I want his cock -- at that moment, I could feel it -- I...

... I needed it. 

He stirred in his sleep, and flexed his body. His penis rose from resting on his thigh to a semi-erect state, and was pointed right at me. A shot of adrenaline went through me, as if his dick knew I was looking at it and was returning my stare. I couldn’t look away. The drop of wetness elongated and began to form a loopy strand, dangling free of his body except for the part still caught in his leg hair. Carefully, so as not to touch him and disturb his sleep, I took a finger and collected the strand. 

As I pulled it away from his cockhead, I could see more goo emerge from the slit and collect on my finger, forming a double-sided drop. When the strand broke free from the head of his penis, his cock bobbed a bit, and I saw the head darken a bit. I freed the rest of the drip from his leg by carefully pulling up. As I instinctively brought that strand of dew toward my lips, I noticed his shaft filling in and cock hardening. I stuck out my tongue and collected an end of the strand in my mouth and savored the stolen treasure. Being the part just emerged from the tip of his shaft, it was still warm, thick and nearly flavorless, and I drew it in, pulling it off my finger, feeling the texture of it. It dawned on me that this act was totally voluntary and driven by my own lust and hunger, and I greedily slurped in the rest of the prize. The end bit of it was more whitish than clear, and even with that tiny morsel the flavor changed a bit and I recognized the all too familiar hot man taste of Rods sperm. 

I’d taken my eyes off of his cock for a second while savoring his goo, and when I looked back, I noticed it had deflated somewhat, as if reluctantly returning to slumber. While a part of me wanted more goo, another part of me just wanted to get the fuck out of there, especially after what had just transpired in my mind. It was bad enough that he’d practically forced himself on me at first, but with me slurping up remnants of his seed while he slept, I was giving more than tacit approval to the arrangement. 

I was becoming a willing participant. 

As I was hanging around and more-or-less enthusiastically sucking his cock every time he woke up, I really couldn’t claim to “not want it”, especially now that I was playing with and seeking his cum while he slept. The fact that my belly was now full of his seed suddenly sickened me a bit and I rose from the couch.

I’d gotten up a little too quickly, and Rod opened one lazy eye. “Where ya think ya goin’, boy?” he slurred. I mumbled something about the bathroom. “Get over here...” he ordered, and flung one leg up onto the back of the couch, giving me unrestricted access to his -- you guessed it -- hardening dick. I didn’t protest, but the pit of my stomach fell, while at the same time my own little cock stiffened. I complied, sliding up between his knees and dutifully taking the head of his penis once again into my mouth. His hot man smell filled my senses just as his cock filled my mouth, and without being told, I cupped his massive nuts in my hand as I went to work on his dick.

After a few minutes of sucking, I looked up into his eyes for approval. They were closed.

He was asleep. 

His cock was still hard as a rock, but he’d passed out. 

What am I supposed to do now? Do I keep sucking? Do I get out of there? I could feel his shaft bobbing in my mouth and decided that I couldn’t abandon it without servicing it to completion. No -- that wasn’t quite it. I wanted to stay. I wanted to suck. I didn’t want to leave his dick, and with Rod asleep, I could be alone with his Cock, just the two of us. 

It occurred to me that I was no longer just sucking his dick. I was giving humble service to this massive rod -- I was making love to his penis. I didn’t like Rod at all -- but his cock... I was... 

I was worshiping his cock. 

I let it fall from my lips and watched in contemplation for a moment as it bobbed right in front of me, hungry and aching for my attention. It was a beautiful and terrifying thing. Fascinated, I couldn’t take my eyes off of it. I exhaled deeply and was amazed that it seemed to sense the heat from my breath, as it surged harder for just a moment. Another strand of precum emerged from the tip forming a drip that glistened as it grew and I found my tongue automatically reaching out to intercept it before it fell. I followed the drop back up to its source, and took the head of this massive penis back into my mouth. It surged and swelled as it came into contact with my wet and warm mouth, and I closed my eyes and took as much of the hard shaft into my mouth as I could manage. A warm and happy glow passed over me. I felt like I was in my place. I felt like I was doing what I was meant to do. I could never look at Rods cock the same way again. 

This wasn’t just his cock -- this was His Cock. 

As I applied my tongue to the rigid shaft, I thought that, at least for now, it was my Cock too. I opened my mouth wider and accepted it into my soul. I could feel an electric tingle of excitement as it reentered my mouth.

I’d fallen in love with this Cock.

His Cockhead, fluttering in my mouth is in rhythm with the pounding of my heart, was teasing me for succumbing to this forbidden emotion. I slowed my efforts, lay my head on his leg, and mouthed the tip of his dick as it drooled precum into my mouth. I went as deep as I could go, then pushed upward with my tongue, then applying suction while pulling back with my mouth, I was rewarded with a large dollop of his liquid lust. 

I don’t really know how long I lay there, between his legs, my head on his knee, just sucking and sucking and sucking his Cock. I just kept at it, slowly nursing the head, rarely taking much of the shaft, and once again I found myself learning how to suck this cock, teaching myself what to do to make it harder, learning what his Cock liked, and abandoning the things that didn’t work as good. His dick really responded well when I’d swirl my tongue around the area where the bottom of the head met the shaft, so I did that for quite a while. I just marveled at how incredibly hard it got when I did that and how plump and full the head felt as I tortured its underside with my soft, slow tongue-work. 

I was somewhat surprised when, all of a sudden, his nuts rolled in my hand, the shaft began to pulse and throb, and my mouth was filled with spurt after spurt of hot, creamy cum. I just kept at it, applying rotation to the underside of his head, and he kept on cumming like that for quite a while, like a waterfall, shooting wave after wave of fresh seed right onto my tongue, without rush or urgency, and without him even waking up. I just kept swirling my tongue around, applying suction while I tried as best I could to swallow all of the tangy liquid breakfast his nuts were feeding me. 

I paused to take in some air, which amplified the tangy flavor in my mouth, and I went back to milking his shaft until it softened, sucking gently so as not to miss a drop. I kept his Cockhead in my mouth all that time, and for several minutes afterward. Sure enough, after a while he started to harden yet again.

I was wondering if I’d get another sleep-load out of my man when I heard the garage door open.

A bolt of adrenaline and fear shot through my body -- his dad wasn’t supposed to be back until the evening! I carefully let his Cock fall from my mouth, and moved off the couch, leaving a sleeping Rod in place. I did not know I could move so fast. The absolute last thing I wanted to have happen was to have someone -- anyone -- catch me with this man’s Cock in my mouth!! 

I was still fully dressed. Despite my moment of total and absolute panic, I suddenly felt the sad realization that Rod had well over a dozen orgasms this weekend -- and I’d had none. Zero. My dick had been painfully hard most of the weekend and I’m sure my shorts were a mess of dried precum, but I’d never came. Rod had never touched my dick, never asked to see it, and I didn’t even have time to jack off.

Not once. 

I didn’t take long to mourn that -- I couldn’t. The garage door motor stopped running and I heard the sound of his dads SUV entering the garage. I had no time for remorse. I had no time for neatness, either. There was sperm all over my face, and certainly enough in my belly to impregnate the entire county. No other choice -- I had to get the fuck out of there, fast. 

I wiped a puddle of cum off of the leg of the still-sleeping Rod, and -- not knowing what to do with it -- licked most of the mess off my fingers. Despite my panic and the need to leave quick, I couldn’t leave that much sperm behind. I decided to leave the project work there -- my cum-covered hands were too messy to pick it up. I grabbed my school book off the table, and as I went around the back of the couch, I picked up the comforter that was there, and began to drape it over Rod’s still snoring form. 

The last thing I remember seeing was that magnificent dick, still erect and softly bobbing with his heartbeat. I hated myself for the feeling of regret, but I threw the cover over him headed for the kitchen. I slipped out the back door, quietly closing it about the same time I heard the door to the garage open. Soon I was ducking though the familiar territory of my neighbors’ yards as I performed my walk... no, my run -- my run of shame.

I was oh-so-thankful that my parents weren’t up yet. I quietly slipped into my room and closed the door behind me. I caught a glimpse of myself in the mirror; my face was glazed with dried sticky rivulets of Rod’s DNA. It was everywhere - in my hair, on my shirt, on my arms, even on my shoes, but especially on my face. 

Disgusted, I tossed my book onto my desk and threw myself on the bed and started to cry. I was crying like a sissy girl, sobbing softly at my own misery. I went to wipe my nose with the back of my hand, but my hand was already wet. Yes, a substantial glob of sticky white goo was there, too. I couldn’t help but inhale its pungent aroma. The man had marked every inch of my body.

Oh, god, it reminded me of Rod, and the flood of all the things we did over the weekend. I should be disgusted with myself.

I should be disgusted... but my cock had hardened again, reminding me about how long it had been without attention, and that it had other ideas. Apparently, it was aroused rather than disgusted.

I held the glob close to my face, inhaling the scent of the cold sticky jizz again. It had lost its heat and some of its aroma, but it still smelled like... him. 

My other hand went to my zipper and I fumbled out my cock. My lips gathered in the cold sticky wetness clinging to my hand, and, slurping it into my mouth, I smacked them together -- the flavor of Rod was in my mouth once again.

I jerked off fiercely, blasting what little cum that I could make all over myself without even stopping for a Kleenex. 

I fell into a deep and disturbing sleep.