 I was serving on an RAF air base in the Far East. There was a certain amount of division between us army guys and the RAF and the tendency was for us to have the poorer facilities and the less prestigious accommodation, but in truth all the accommodation was very poor; we were crammed into 14 man rooms and the toilets and showers were in separate blocks scattered around the living area. The base was out in the wilds and it was pretty wind swept and isolated.

Once darkness had set in a trip to the toilet block could be quite hazardous; they tended to be very poorly lit and mostly deserted; they stood alone in wide open spaces and in winter the wind would whistle through and they were decidedly chilly. 

One Wednesday night after a couple of drinks in the mess I needed to use the loo so I went to the nearest block to my room. The lights had failed and it seemed I would have to survive in the dark. "To hell with this", I thought, "I need light."

I walked the 200 yards to the next toilet block which as it happened was just next to the RAF accommodation. I was surprised to find that as well as having some light the toilets were much more presentable. I chose my cubicle and went about my task; as my eyes adjusted to the poor light I noticed that there was lots of writing on the walls; not the crude jokes that one normally expects but explicit messages. Here is a flavour of what was on offer:

'Have girl's panties, will be here tomorrow night at 2200 hrs'

'I love giving head; any takers? Later tonight between 10 and 11; whistle dam busters tune to gain entry to this toilet'

'I have a hole that needs plugging; any takers? Be here Thursday at 10:30 pm cough four times to get entry into the loo and me'

I tried several toilets and found many more messages. I realised that you had to be visiting on a regular basis so that you could work out which messages were new and what the timeline was.

Over the next week I visited the toilet block every night at around 9 pm to check the messages. It was Tuesday when I stumbled on a new message in the first cubicle; it read as follows:

'I need a cocksucker to service me; to make it interesting I will be wearing panties and stockings; if you whistle Dixie (Tuesday 9:30 pm) you can suck my Trixie'

It was now 9:20 so I beat a hasty retreat and secluded myself behind the toilet block: the cold made me shiver a bit or was it the excitement and anticipation? After five minutes someone went into the block; after two minutes I followed and noted with delight that the allotted cubicle was engaged. I tried to whistle Dixie but my mouth was dry and no sound came forth; it must be the nerves; I tried again and managed a reasonable rendition of the first line of Dixie. My heart was in my mouth, I was shaking, what would happen now?

Noiselessly the bolt slid back and the cubicle door edged open a couple of inches; what would I find? Was it all a hoax? I was on the point of making a bolt for it when I heard a quiet whisper. "Come on lover, don't be nervous."

I glanced around; no one else in sight; the lighting was subdued and there were just the two of us there; a voice in my head screamed "Do it cretin; get your ass into that toilet."

My heart thumped; I started to sweat; I was rooted to the spot; the whisper came again, "Come on lover, my cock's hard as iron and it needs sucking; come on in."

I now seemed to be on auto pilot; my hand reached out and I pushed the door open; I quickly slipped into the cubicle and I shot the bolt behind me. The lighting inside was even more subdued and during my stumbling entry I had not dared to look at my host; with my back against the door I twisted round and instantly our eyes met; for a while he held my gaze then as if by mutual consent we both dropped our eyes and scanned each other.

He; saw me. Just an average guy; quite slim; early twenties; brown hair and wearing a tracksuit. I; saw him. Average build, wearing a dressing gown, blond hair, come to bed eyes and a lovely set of full girlie lips.

"First time lover boy?" he asked.

Nervously I answered, "Yep; first time to try anything like this; in the toilets I mean. I've sucked cock before; just never tried a secret liaison; didn't know what I was going to get; you look pretty good actually."

He stood up; slipped of the dressing gown and reaching past me hung it up on the door. He was in pyjamas and as he sat down again I couldn't help but notice that he had an effeminate way about him. His hands reached out and held mine and then gently he pulled me down so that I knelt in front of him. His hands moved to my head and he slowly ran his fingers through my hair; he then used his index finger to trace the features of my face, it moved over my eyes, over my nose and down to my lips; his finger moved across my lips a couple of times then suddenly he thrust it into my mouth.

"Are you ready for me lover boy? Do you want to suck my cock? Are you ready to suck my cock? Tell Penny you want her big clit. Tell her lover boy."

I suddenly became aware that there were other movements and noises in the toilet block; I nervously cast my glance round to the door.

"Don't be worried lover boy; there's lots of us at it this time of night; we won't be disturbed, promise."

I turned back to the job in hand, except that it wasn't in hand, but I really hoped it would be in a minute.

"Penny you RAF bitch I want your cock," so saying I reached across and undid the pyjama chord; he lifted his ass and I quickly whipped his trousers to the floor. "Oh my god," I whispered.

What a sight. As promised he was wearing panties, stockings and a suspender belt. The panties and suspender belt were white and lacy, the stockings were fishnet (Corny but oh so sexy). The panties were struggling to encase what looked like a large and inviting cock. It was just a magnificent panty bulge starting at the crotch piece and stretching across to his left, my right, till it butted up against the waist band of the panties; it had to be eight inches at least; could it grow more than that when released from its lacy embrace?

I let out a gasp, it couldn't be helped, I was totally impressed. Penny was obviously delighted at my surprise, "You like what you see lover boy?

"Oh yes, oh yes." I reached down and slid my trousers and pants to my knees; I gazed at that bulge and I slowly wanked my cock; I was hard as hell and in a state of extreme excitement. A couple of strokes and now I abandoned my cock in favour of his; I needed to play with this monster; I needed it in my mouth!

All ready to start then bloody hell someone starts whistling Dixie outside the door; I'm ready to panic but RAF man calmly whispers "I'm taken darling, move on."

A cough, and then, footsteps moving away. I'm just about to get to grips with the business in hand when three loud coughs ring out. Another three coughs are heard in reply; then a door down the line opens and closes. I'm more relaxed now I know others are at it so I close my mind to the goings on and get to work.

The panty covered cock is still rigid and waiting to be molested. I reach out and stroke the bulge. I run my finger up and down the length of his encased cock; it strains against the panties; I squeeze the glans between finger and thumb. He moves his ass forward on the seat bringing his crotch close to my face; brazenly he lifts one leg at a time and rests his stocking clad legs on my shoulders; I slip a hand under each of his bum cheeks and pull his crotch the final few inches towards my face.

Now I bite on the shaft starting at the bottom and moving up toward the end, a little bite each step of the way till I reach the top. I love the feel of the panties pushing into my mouth; I love the lacy whiteness of them; I love the femininity of them; I love the feel of the fishnet stockings rubbing against my neck and shoulders. I turn my head first right then left and kiss his inner thigh on the exposed flesh between panties and stockings. 

The urge to get to his cock is now overpowering I have to have it. I hook my fingers into the waistband of his panties and with one movement pull them off; now I have a panty crotch between me and his cock; I turn the gusset and swiftly kiss it before awkwardly getting rid of the panties altogether. 

I turn back to his cock, now unrestrained, it stands proud and large; it stands to attention one inch from my face. My tongue reaches out and gently, oh so gently nudges the end of his cock, then I move it up and down the shaft, teasing, teasing. The penis starts to bob backwards and forwards so I steady it with a finger. A little stream of pre cum oozes from the end of his dick; I quickly flick my tongue across it and take the man fluid into my mouth. I revel in the musky taste, I delight in the texture and smell.

"Come on lover, this cock needs sucking, get it in your fucking mouth, stop pissing around." After saying this, his strong hands go to the back of my neck and he pulls my mouth down onto his throbbing prick. "Suck it baby; suck my fucking cock. I'm going to dump such a big load in your mouth. You're going to love it babe."

His cock pushed into the back of my mouth; his hands held me in place then after a minute the downward pressure was released and I was allowed to raise my head. For several minutes I worked his penis; up and down, up and down; sucking and licking and all the time my lips were glued to his shaft.

He started to pump his cock into my mouth; his movements got quicker; he was about to cum. "Take it baby, take it." He pushed one last time into my mouth then held me tightly in position with his hands. His legs wrapped round my head and squeezed me tightly.

"Oh, oh, oh." His spunk filled my mouth; stream after stream issued forth; some went straight down my throat, some stayed in my mouth and infused me with man sperm; some squeezed out past his cock and through my lips. He held me there for a while then slowly withdrew his wonderful member. As it withdrew my lips made a tight seal so I could retain every drop of spunk. His prick exited my mouth and I was able to savour the delightful taste of his cum. I swished it round my mouth and then swallowed every drop. I gently licked his cock making sure I removed every last trace of sperm.

I was aching for release; I was hoping he would offer to bring me to a climax. No such luck. He quickly got dressed and seemed to totally ignore me till he was ready to leave. We were both standing now and I was wondering what was going to happen. I had retrieved my pants and was now fully dressed.

He looked me in the eye and said, "Lover boy, you did well; you gave bloody good head." He embraced me and our lips locked together; his tongue was running riot in my mouth. As he was kissing me his leg pushed up into my crotch and with his upper thigh he massaged my cock till it exploded in a fountain of spunk. As soon as this happened he turned and left the cubicle. "Ciao."

My underpants were sodden with spunk, it had seeped into my track suit trousers; I was a mess! I cleaned up as best I could and then made a quick escape from the toilet block. As I left I could hear the strains of the Dam Busters March being whistled inside and another toilet door opening. My god this was a hotbed of activity. I hightailed it back to my accommodation block. I think I had been used; I know I had been abused. As usual it seemed the Army were here to look after the RAF.

Now I was wondering what would be my next supporting role for the RAF.

The end.