 PRELUDE

Ike was buried balls deep in the tight ass. Stevie was flattened on the bed face down as Ike drove his 8" cock deep into the bowels of his gay neighbor. Stevie's ass moved under Ike but Ike's strength and drive kept the slender gay pinned under him. Ike's powerful buttocks clenched and unclenched as he pummeled the sweet ass. The thick cock drove into Stevie and then retreated until only the head remained in the clenching rectum. Stevie felt the powerful shaft drive in and out of his anal passage like a piston causing him to cry out.

"Oh God your cock is so thick in my ass, so deep. Oh, fuck yeah, fill me with your big dick. Cum in me, I want your spunk shooting in my ass."

Ike continued to fuck the shapely firm ass of his first gay lover driving his cock into the warm recess. He sensed his orgasm building in his balls and he knew that within minutes he would cum in Stevie's hot ass. Ike felt the pressure in his scrotum just before he unleashed a torrent of semen into the shapely firm ass underneath him. He felt the sphincter tighten around the shaft and squeeze every ounce of spunk out of it.

"Oh shit, I feel it. I love it when you cum in my ass. I love your hot seed flooding my hole."

Ike stayed hard and he slowly fucked the shapely ass as the semen coated his shaft. Stevie sensed that Ike was up for another round and whispered, "If you are going to keep fucking my ass let's roll on our sides."

Ike rolled to his side keeping his cock in the curvy ass as he pulled his pretty blonde neighbor to the side. His hands wrapped around and caressed the smooth hairless body. He ran his hands over Stevie's pecs and tight abs as the moved toward the pubes. The back of Ike's hand brushed against Stevie's erect cock causing the cute blonde to gasp.

"Please hold me and jerk me," Stevie pleaded.

Ike took hold of the 6" cock of his neighbor and stroked it as he fucked the irresistible ass yet again. Ike had never been interested in another man's cock but he didn't mind jerking off Stevie and watching him shoot. Stevie had an amazing capacity for ejaculations. He would have volcanic like orgasms when he came and his semen would shoot a distance of four or five feet at times, particularly with his first orgasm of the day.

Ike kept fucking Stevie until they both ejaculated. Stevie came twice that morning before Ike came a second time. The first-time Stevie ejaculated, his cum shot passed his face and hit the wall at the end of the bed. The second time he came his seed hit him in the face and neck. Then Ike lost it and dumped another powerful load in Stevie's ass. The two of them rested on their sides as the thick cock slowly deflated and slipped from Stevie's ass. 

They remained in the bunk for several minutes to let their bodies recover from another intense fuck session. As they lay there together, Ike thought about the week at the cabin. Not in his wildest imagination a week earlier would he ever have thought that he would be fucking his gay neighbor. However, before their trip to the cabin, Ike did not expect to be seduced. Now that he had, he had to admit that Stevie sucked cock as good as any girl and that the anal sex was first rate. They had arrived the previous Saturday and Stevie just got word that his parents were not coming up for the weekend. That gave them another two days together alone.

DAY ONE AT THE CABIN

Ike and Stevie were neighbors and more acquaintances than good friends. Still they got along well and Ike was pleased that he was allowed to swim at the neighbor's pool. It was there one afternoon that Stevie mentioned the summer cottage on the lake. Ike was impressed that they had a summer home too. That's when Stevie invited Ike to the cottage for a week. 

They were both 22 years old and fresh out of college but that was all they had in common. Ike was a strapping young man 6'0" tall and a fit 175 pounds. He worked out at his home gym and ran every day. In contrast, Stevie was an effeminate handsome young man. He stood at 5'5" and weighed 145 pounds. He stayed fit by swimming primarily. He had long blonde hair that covered his neck and ears. Many times, at the pool when Stevie had his back turned, Ike swore he looked like a girl especially with his shapely legs and curvy ass.

The weekend at the cottage was a lot of fun and Stevie's parents were great. They went fishing both days and caught their share. Stevie's mom prepared a fabulous meal with the fresh fish. Late Sunday afternoon the parents left for home. Ike was going to help Stevie with projects around the cottage that week. It was Sunday night that Stevie began the seduction. He knew he was taking a chance and that Ike might just get nasty. However, Stevie had seen Ike's package in his Speedo many times and he just had to have it. He waited until it was time to turn in and both of them were in their sleep shorts.

"Ike," Stevie began, "I want you to know that I am gay."

"Okay, I guess that doesn't surprise me but don't expect anything from me."

"Sure, but I want to tell you a story about my first gay experience. It's what opened my eyes and I accepted it."

"I kind of knew it for a while mostly my high school years. But my first encounter happened one summer after high school. I had turned 18 years old and I wanted to get my hair styled differently since I was wearing it longer. I learned of this one place that did hair the way I wanted it."

Stevie's then told Ike about his encounter at the salon. He said that when he arrived at the salon and looked at the sign it indicated that closing time on Sunday was 1:00 PM. It was already 12:45 PM and he didn't think that he would have time to get his haircut but he went in anyway. Rusty greeted him and told him to have a seat that he was just finishing up with a customer. Stevie sat down and watched the other stylists move around their customers. Stevie was convinced that they were gay just by their body language and voice. One stylist kept shifting his weight from one leg to the other and placing his hand on his chin as he studied the customer's hair. Stevie noticed that he had a nice ass and the stylist seemed to go out of his way to draw attention to it.

All of the stylists wrapped up their work at shortly after 1:00 PM and went about cleaning up their areas of work. Rusty came out and told Stevie that he could take him now. Stevie noticed that the other two stylists giggled and playfully punched each other when Rusty spoke to him.

"The sign says you close at 1:00 PM are you sure it's okay?" Stevie said he had asked.

"Oh yes, I can squeeze you in today," Stevie said Rusty replied and then directed, "Come with me and let's get you shampooed."

Stevie told Ike that he followed Rusty to the back of the salon where the shampoo sinks were located. Stevie sat down with his head back as instructed and Rusty turned on the water. The other stylists were leaving so Rusty told Stevie that he would be right back as he had to lock up since they were officially closed. Rusty returned and tested the water temperature and then he had Stevie lean back with his head in the sink. Rusty soaped Stevie's hair and washed it thoroughly. Rusty massaged Stevie's head as he shampooed it and Stevie was actually turned on by the head massage. Rusty rinsed his hair and then applied a second lathering. By the time Rusty had finished washing Stevie's hair Stevie had a raging hard-on that was very obvious in his pants. Stevie's said that his erection did not go unnoticed by Rusty.

Rusty then steered Stevie over to the stylist chair and went to work on Stevie's hair. As he cut Stevie's hair Rusty had a way of touching and rubbing up against him that was turning him on. Stevie was sure that he felt Rusty's erection against his arm on several occasions. After the first cutting Rusty rinsed Stevie's hair again and then had him sit under the hair dryer. Rusty then shocked Stevie by kneeling in front of him and removing Stevie's pants and underwear.

"This will help pass the time as your hair dries," Rusty said and then he took Stevie's cock in his mouth.

Stevie said that he didn't answer or protest but just closed his eyes as Rusty's lips kissed the engorged cock. Stevie's body tensed as Rusty's lips moved up and down the shaft and then Stevie gasped as Rusty's mouth engulfed his cock. 

Stevie told Ike that he thought to himself, "Oh my God he is going to blow me right here in the salon."

Stevie said that Rusty was a very good cocksucker and in no time, he had him ready to blow his load. Stevie tried to prolong his orgasm as long as he could. Rusty knelt on the floor and lifted Stevie in toward him. Rusty caressed the back of Stevie's legs and cheeks of his ass as the warm, wet, wonderful mouth sucked on Stevie's cock. Rusty massaged the head of Stevie's cock against the roof of his mouth. He circled Stevie's cock with his tongue and he felt the light scraping of Rusty's teeth. Stevie's dick felt harder and longer than it ever felt in his life and he knew he was going to shoot soon.

Rusty took Stevie's cock out of his mouth and looked up at him as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged Stevie's bloated balls. Rusty then put it back in his mouth and took it out again then he gently blew on it as his fingers continually massaged Stevie's balls. Rusty tickled the cock head with his tongue and teased Stevie's pee slit. Rusty had Stevie close to cumming a few times. Rusty seemed to know when Stevie was getting close, and he would do things making him last longer, torturing him in the process.

Rusty then took Stevie's cock all the way into his warm wet mouth. He swirled his tongue around the length of the shaft, nibbled on the cock head and sucked Stevie hard. Rusty reached under Stevie's balls and rubbed the hardness between his balls and anus. Stevie felt his cock thicken and he knew he was going to cum. There was no stopping him this time. Rusty grabbed Stevie's ass cheeks with both hands as Stevie exploded in his mouth. Stevie fired round after round of cum into his mouth and Rusty sucked and swallowed as fast as he could. Rope after rope of semen shot into Rusty's mouth as Stevie seemed to have an endless supply. Finally, the barrage subsided and Stevie stopped cumming in Rusty's mouth. Rusty sucked on the firm cock until he had drained every drop from Stevie's dick.

"Ike it was so wonderful. It was my first blow job and Rusty was incredible. Up to then I had only jerked off thinking about other boys," Stevie explained.

"Did anything else happen that day?" Ike asked.

"Oh yes, Rusty asked me to fuck him next," Stevie said excitedly.

Stevie then told Ike how Rusty took off his pants and his 6" erect dick wavered in the air. He knelt on the floor and raised his ass in the air. Stevie looked at him in this position and decided that he looked just like a girl with his smooth hairless body and his great looking bubble butt. Rusty reached back and lubed his asshole with lotion. Stevie saw this and then applied a generous amount of lotion to his own cock. Stevie slid out from under the hair dryer, stood behind Rusty and stared at the incredible ass that he was about to fuck. Stevie then spit on his dick making very slippery and eased into Rusty's asshole.

Stevie was gentle with him allowing Rusty to adjust to his cock. Soon he was buried to the hilt in Rusty's ass and he fucked the stylist royally. Stevie held on to the pretty twin cheeks of Rusty's ass as he fucked him thoroughly. Stevie tensed and then filled Rusty's ass with cum. Stevie continued to fuck Rusty's ass and the cum backed out of his ass and ran down over Rusty's balls. Rusty fell forward onto the floor and Stevie followed him with his cock still buried in Rusty's ass. Stevie was so turned on that he remained hard and he began to fuck Rusty again.

"That is a very hot story," Ike said as he realized that his own cock had gotten hard.

"Well there's more," Stevie said.

"I can't wait to hear it," Ike replied.

Stevie went on with the story. Rusty got up and wiped his ass off with one of the salon towels as Stevie wiped off his cock with one as well. Rusty told Stevie to take off the rest of his clothes and that he would finish Stevie's hair while they were naked. Rusty also stripped off his remaining clothes and then went about cutting and shaping Stevie's hair. When Rusty was done with Stevie's hair he had Stevie stand up in front of the mirror as he moved another mirror around Stevie's head. Stevie's hair had been cut into a page boy style but on him it looked very feminine. Stevie felt Rusty's erect cock brush against his body as Rusty moved around him with the mirror. Rusty then put the mirror down and stood close behind Stevie. He reached around and cupped Stevie's pecs and pressed his cock into the crack of Stevie's ass.

Stevie felt his own cock getting hard again as Rusty fondled him. Stevie reached behind him and took Rusty's cock in his hand. Rusty grabbed the lotion from his nightstand and quickly covered his cock with it. Then he pushed his rock-hard cock into Stevie's ass and fucked him hard and fast. Stevie said he whimpered under the assault of his first ass fucking but that he pushed back to try to get all of Rusty's cock in him. Rusty pounded Stevie's ass as they both raced toward an orgasm. Rusty came first and filled Stevie's ass with semen. Stevie said he squealed when he felt the warm liquid flood his ass. Rusty continued to fuck him until his cock softened and slipped from Stevie's ass. Stevie rolled over on his back and Rusty's mouth immediately covered Stevie's cock. Rusty sucked on his cock until Stevie shot his wad in Rusty's mouth. Stevie said as he concluded the story of his first gay encounter.

"So that was it, my first gay sex was in a public place," Stevie snickered and added, "I got my first blow job, fucked my first ass and lost my anal cherry that afternoon."

"That is some story," Ike said as he subconsciously rubbed his crotch.

"It looks like I gave you a woody," Stevie said as he noticed Ike's cock in his sleep shorts.

"Yeah you did," Ike laughed.

"Maybe I should take care of that for you," Stevie teased.

"Maybe you should but let me very clear. I am not gay and I am not interested in cock. If you want to blow me, that's fine but it has to be discreet and remain between us."

"I'm cool with that. I promise I will not breath a word."

Stevie sat up in his bunk and Ike saw the woody in his shorts. Ike pushed his shorts down to his knees and stood in front of his neighbor. Stevie toyed with the big dick and bloated balls before taking it in his mouth. He could only take 6" without gagging but that was plenty for Ike.

Stevie was a very good cocksucker and in no time, he had Ike ready to blow his load. Ike tried to prolong his orgasm as long as he could. Stevie sat on the edge of the bunk and drew Ike in toward him. He caressed the back of Ike's legs and cheeks of his muscular ass as his warm, wet, wonderful mouth sucked on the stiff cock. Stevie massaged the head of Ike's cock against the roof of his mouth. He circled the cock with his tongue and Ike felt the light scraping of teeth. 

Stevie took the cock out of his mouth and looked up as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged the bloated balls. He then put it back in his mouth and took it out again then he gently blew on it as his fingers continually massaged the taut testicles. He tickled the cock head with his tongue and teased the pee slit. He had Ike close to cumming a few times. His experience let him know when Ike was getting close, and he would do things making him last longer, torturing the stud in the process. He looked up at Ike and smiled as he stroked the slick cock. Then he asked. 

"Ready to cum Ike"?

"Yes god damn it, stop teasing me and suck my cock!"

Stevie then took the cock into his warm wet mouth. He swirled his tongue around the length of the shaft, nibbled on the cock head and sucked it hard. He reached underneath and rubbed the hardness between the balls and anus. Ike felt his cock thicken and he knew he was going to cum. There was no stopping him this time.

Stevie grabbed the muscular ass cheeks with both hands as Ike exploded in his mouth. Ike fired round after round of cum into his mouth and Stevie sucked and swallowed as fast as he could. Rope after rope of semen shot into the succulent mouth as Ike seemed to have an endless supply. Finally, the barrage subsided and Ike stopped cumming. Stevie sucked on the thick firm cock until he had drained every drop from the rigid dick.

Ike felt weak from the intense orgasm so he sat down on the bunk across from the cute blonde. He watched as Stevie stood up and lowered his sleep shorts to his knees. His 6" boner jumped out and he quickly grabbed it in his hand. Stevie stroked his own cock as he spoke.

"I need to get off I am so hot!"

Ike watched his neighbor jerk off. The hand flew rapidly over the hard cock in search of his own release. He then turned slightly just before he came and Ike watched as he ejaculated. Stevie shot his load and the first couple of blasts must have traveled three feet before landing on the hardwood floor. He seemed to cum for at least 30 seconds as stream after stream shot out of his dick. Ike watched as Stevie's buttocks tightened and then relaxed as he fired his load. Ike admired the boy's bare ass as it was lily white compared to the well-tanned body. Stevie had a beautiful ass and Ike felt his loins stir and his cock harden as he thought what it might be like to fuck Stevie's ass. Stevie looked over at Ike and saw that Ike had another boner. 

"Ike would you like to fuck me? Would you like to stick your big thick cock in my ass?" he asked as he wiggled his shapely ass in Ike's direction. 

He kicked off the sleep shorts and his 6" still erect dick wavered in the air. He knelt on his and raised his ass in the air. Ike looked at him in that position and decided that he looked just like a girl with his smooth hairless body and his great looking bubble butt. Stevie reached back and lubed his ass with something that he had apparently put near the bunk. 

"Ike, it's been a while since I had someone your size. Put plenty of this on you cock."

Ike took the lube and applied a generous amount to his cock. He stood behind his neighbor and admired the incredible ass that he was about to fuck. He hadn't fucked an ass since college and now he was about to fuck a guy for the first time. Ike thoroughly lubricated his dick making very slippery and eased into Stevie's ass. He was always gentle with the girls he butt fucked so he knew not to just ram it in the snug hole.

Ike was gentle with him allowing him to adjust to the thickness. Soon he was buried to the hilt in sweet ass and he fucked the young gay royally. He held on to the pretty twin cheeks of the curvy ass as he fucked him thoroughly. Stevie had been butt fucked before but it had been over a year with a cock this size. He couldn't believe how full he felt with the enormous dick in his ass. Stevie felt Ike go deep, tense and then fill his ass with cum. He continued to fuck the lovely ass as the semen backed out of his ass and ran down over Stevie's balls. Stevie fired a blast of cum onto his bunk this time from just barely touching his own cock. Ike eased his cock out of the curvy ass and Stevie turned around took it in his mouth and sucked it dry and clean.

"Don't be alarmed. I douched my ass earlier when I showered. It is very clean."

Ike just nodded and then sat down on his bunk. He was lost in thought for a moment as he just had his first bisexual encounter. The problem was it was great sex. Stevie gave great head and it had been easy to fuck his lovely ass. They both got under the covers without saying a word. Ike lay still contemplating the events of the night and what he would say or do the next day. Stevie lay in his bunk with a smile on his face as he had accomplished his mission and it had been easier than he would have expected.
