 Seth and I trudged through the forested mountains, rain pouring down and every step making me question our sanity in deciding to go camping this weekend. His wife had quite reasonably decided to stay home and I was wondering if she was the smart one. Seth didn't seem to mind and encouraged me to stick with our plans.

We finally got to the campsite, not surprised to find we were the only ones there. We had seen only two other hikers on the trail all day and they were surprised we were headed in, not out. 

Making the best of it, we pretty much laughed at ourselves through setting up the tent and getting everything tucked away as best we could. Dinner was basic but filling and the light was fading fast. We decided to call it a day.

The tent was a good size but two grown men couldn't help but to be right next to each other. Our sleeping bags were open towards each other. I didn't mind, welcoming the added warmth. Seth chuckled a bit, saying this was a good arrangement.

Seth was a little older than me, his marriage with Trisha always seemed to be ideal. She was a vivacious brunette and always gave off a positive, sexy vibe. Seth seemed the perfect compliment for her. 

I had gone through a messy divorce and hadn't been with anyone for a while. That was fine with me, although I had to admit some serious morning and evening masturbation sessions from the extended lack of sex; many of these involved Trisha.

"Are you warm enough?" Seth asked.

"Yes, thanks. We'll keep each other warm."

That came out a little differently than I'd meant and in the darkness I may have caught a flash of smile cross his face.

"I'm sure we will," he responded.

I admired Seth a bit, partially due to his outgoing nature, partially due to how open he was about everything. He had admitted to me years ago about his bisexual encounters and I always had a vague idea that sometimes, he looked at me in a way that was a little more than friendship. But I was just camping with a close friend.

We settled in. I went down to my underwear in my bag. He stripped naked inside his bag and as my eyes were adjusting to the dark, I caught a lingering glimpse of his body, including his cock. Seth was shaved clean and his skin was smooth all over. The glimpse was just a few moments but I had the impression his cock was large. 

I turned away from Seth, my back only inches from him and hearing his breath. I was happy for that small separation because the view had affected me in a totally unexpected way. 

I had felt an electric charge all around my cock. It was growing of its own accord. My mind wouldn't stop bringing up images about him taking care of himself, pulling out his cock and stroking it. What his cock might look like hard and full. How much cum might pump out of it. 

These images were both surprising - I had never thought of Seth that way before - and intensely arousing. My experience with other men had been limited to some playing around when I was adolescent, but as an adult I had never been with a man. The idea of being out here all alone, that something could happen made it all the more intense. My cock was hard and started to ache a bit. I tried to will it down.

I was glad to hear his breathing become gentle and even. I could not resist the feeling and reached down to squeeze my cock, anything to relieve the ache. Nothing would make it go down. Thankfully after a time I finally started drifting off.

It was only a few minutes later that Seth's hand moved gently onto my side. I was frozen, pretending I was asleep. His hand rested on my hip, not moving. I had thought he was asleep, maybe he was just moving in his sleep? 

My mind went back to where it had been before. About Seth stroking himself. Things unbidden began rising in my mind. His cock. Hard. What would it feel like in my mouth? What would it taste like?

His hand didn't move and I started relaxing, trying to drift away into sleep again when slowly, almost imperceptibly, his hand started moving. It was ever so gently caressing my skin. Now I was fully awake but stayed completely still. 

I didn't know what to do; should I stay frozen? Wake him up? Should I roll over? But then he would know I had a raging hard cock. He might not see it but where his hand was, if I rolled over he would certainly feel it in the darkness. I was confused, wide awake, painfully aroused and more than a little afraid of the feelings going through me.

His hand didn't care. It went slowly across my hip, down to my stomach. Down low on my stomach, I could swear his hand bumped the tip of my hard penis. I could feel precum flowing out of me and I was terrified that even through my shorts, it might have gotten onto my friend's hand.

He quietly moved his body closer to mine. Now I could feel the warmth of his skin just next to me. His breathing was deeper, brushing my shoulder. My entire focus was on that hand, ever so softly brushing my stomach just above my penis.

His hand moved up to my chest, a feather-light caress across my chest and centering on a nipple. A light shock went through me and I could feel it hardening under his touch. He moved his hand down again and a shiver went through me as my body responded to his touch.

"Shhhh," he whispered so quietly I thought I may have imagined it. His hand went further down... still further down. 

All doubt was removed when he didn't stop and his hand gently touched my stiff cock. His fingers explored the hard length and the feeling was so intense I involuntarily jerked.

"Relax," he breathed into my ear. "Let me help that."

He gently rolled me over onto my back. His hand now openly explored my aching hard cock through my shorts. He softly pressed against my side and I could feel his cock on my hip, warm and hardening. 

Every possible emotion raced through me. I was upset, attracted, alone, vulnerable and unbelievably turned on. 

My eyes flew open when he reached into my shorts and pulled my cock free, the tip wet with precum. My vision had adjusted to the dark, he was watching me intently as he started to caress and stroke my shaft. Fireworks were going off in my cock.

"This is wrong," a voice in my head was saying. "He's another man. He's stroking your cock. You should make it stop."

He squeezed, twisted the skin on the shaft gently. More fireworks.

"Doesn't that feel nice?" he asked. His hand squeezed and milked me. 

I looked at Seth. His intense gaze, his smooth body. His confidence, his closeness. I've known him for years. It all made sense now; he wanted me all along. He brought me here for this. I looked up and his eyes were looking right into me.

I gave in.

I moaned. "mmmm... Yes. It feels so good." 

He nodded. He felt what just happened.

He pulled my shorts off, leaned down and I felt my cock enter his warm mouth. He was sucking me.

Here we were, all alone, in the middle of nowhere and Seth, my friend, was sucking my cock. 

He took most of it into his mouth, his hand stroking my shaft. His wonderful warm, wet, sucking mouth. My hips bucked and my back arched of its own accord. He made a pleased noise and I imagine he had just received more precum from my cock. 

He liked my precum. He liked the way I tasted. He wanted me. A soft sound came from my lips.

He sucked me for a long time, intensely pleasing me but never allowing me to cum. Whenever I got close he would back off and let me come down from the peak. God, he was good at this.

After a time he came back up. His hands went to mine and he guided me to his hard cock. It was warm, the skin like velvet and the shaft long and stiff. As I held it I could feel his heartbeat, throbbing in my hand. My fingers explored it and found the tip was wet.

I touched his balls and caressed them. I squeezed and milked his cock in my hands as he had done for me. Almost involuntarily, he moved his hips closer. 

I knew what he wanted. 

If I had thought about what I was about to do, I would be lost. I didn't hesitate.

I leaned down and put his smooth cock deep into my mouth. I could taste the salty sweet precum on the tip, feel the slickness glide across my tongue.

I moved my head back and forth, letting him fuck me in my mouth. His hands rested gently on my head, guiding me into a pace to please him. He was taking my mouth and I was letting him. I was sucking Seth, my friend. I was loving it.

His hips tensed and spasmed; I knew he was about to cum. There was no way I was going to let him out, I was going to suck and swallow his cum when it jetted out.

But Seth had other plans. 

He pushed me onto my back, rolled onto me and kissed me fiercely. I never expected that and didn't respond at first, shocked at the kiss. But as his passion grew, his hands caressed me and his tongue sought entrance, something came over me. 

A feeling so different from the usual urgent need to have a woman came over me. A softness, an opening, a surrender. A wanting, a need. I had come this far and had no thoughts of going back. 

I wrapped my arms and legs around him, pulled him to me. I opened my mouth to him and he explored inside, our tongues moving and my body completely his. His kisses became even more passionate and I responded in kind.

He shifted us, rolling my hips slightly and his hand moved underneath me, feeling my ass, feeling between my cheeks. He moved and his mouth sought and found my nipples, sucking them, making them tight and hard. His hand went down further, seeking something.

"He's going there," a part of me thought. "He's going to touch that place-"

"Ohhhh..." is all that came out of my mouth as his finger found my hole, began pressing and softly rubbing it in circles. 

His mouth went back to mine and his finger pressed for entrance into me. I opened my legs to give him better access as he massaged my anus, finally pushing his fingertip inside. 

"He wants in there," my mind was telling me. "He wants inside."

He must have known I was ready. He rolled me over on my stomach. He pulled the sleeping bag and bunched it up under my hips, arching me slightly upwards. The bag pressed up against my cock and I ground it downwards. The feeling was amazing.

He then reached into his pack and pulled out a tube of lotion. 

"Jesus, he had this in mind all along," part of me thought. I didn't care. Like so many girls I had made love to, he had me face down with my ass raised, ready and waiting for his approach.

Seth spread some lotion into my ass, deep down into the cleft. His fingers were exploring my most private part, spreading slick lotion all around. He lay alongside me, one finger pressed against my hole.

"You're a virgin, aren't you?" he asked.

"Yes," I hissed.

He held me tighter and pressed my anus with a gentle but firm pressure.

"Open now," he panted into my ear. "Relax your muscles and open."

I concentrated on relaxing my anus and his finger pressed further inside me. It slid in and I felt something deep inside and knew it was him.

The feeling was so strong I hid my face into the bag. He kissed my cheek, his finger starting to gently fuck me.   His finger slid in and out, at first slowly and then with a little force. He pulled it out and added more lotion, then slid two fingers into me. 

The pain and want made me moan into the bag as his fingers pushed deeper and harder. He was now fucking me with his fingers and I was taking it. 

My hand snaked out, found and grabbed his cock, needing to feel it. He put lotion on my hand and I rubbed it in generously.

Then he moved over me, I could feel his weight on my back. His hips pressing against mine ground my cock into the sleeping bag. He kissed my neck and leaned towards my ear.

"Are you ready, baby?" he whispered. 

I nodded. He moved and I could feel him near my entrance.

"Guide me in," he instructed. I reached between my legs and found his cock, then moved it until I felt it centered on my hole. He moved slightly and the head pushed inside. 

It was so big. It hurt. But he wanted more and I wasn't going to stop now. He rocked his hips and I could feel my cock grinding into the sleeping bag. I bucked my hips to give him better access and he rocked his cock back and forth until I could feel his hips pressing tight against my ass. He was all the way in. He froze for a moment, letting me get used to it.

He bit my ear, whispered "Ready for more?"

"Yes. Slowly, please," I said.

He moved slowly, his cock pulling out just a bit, then back in. Then out almost all the way. Then back in. The sound that came out of me was like an animal.

"You like that?" he asked.

I could only nod.

"Of course you do. You're mine now. This is mine."

As he spoke his arms moved up and pinned mine, he slid his cock all the way into me. I felt his weight on top of me, his arms holding me tight and I was completely taken, immobile, something to be bound up and used for pleasure. 

"I'm going to fuck you until you beg for more. I'm going to pump so much cum into you..." he trailed off as his tongue entered my ear and he began pumping into me in earnest. 

His cock was moving against something inside me that was a new and intense pleasure.

I was being taken, I was being fucked, it was incredible. My cock was grinding against the bag as he sawed his length in and out of me, touching that new place with his cock, holding me so tight I couldn't move. 

"Yes, yes, yes, yes... oh God fuck me, fuck me, fuck me..." said a voice. Somewhere I recognized it was mine, urging him on with every thrust of his hips. Tilting my hips to try and get him deeper.

He railed me for what seemed like hours. I was a willing piece of meat, his for the taking. He kissed, licked and bit my ear while he told me how I belonged to him now. 

His thighs began to spasm and his weight pressed down on me; my cock ground into the bag and an explosion began in my spine and moved upwards until my sight was going dim and I realized I was coming like nothing I'd ever experienced before. It went on and on. I could feel the bag beneath me become wet with my cum and I was still squirting and begging him for more. 

As I came my ass was clenching around him and it sent him over the edge, crying out as he pumped into me. I could feel his cock harden and the throb of each squirt into my body. After the first few squirts he held me still as he finished, the only motion his spasming cock inside my ass. 

His whole body relaxed when he was done. He grabbed my hip and rolled to the side, taking me with him so he wouldn't slide out of my ass. His hand reached around and found my cock, slick with my own cum. 

"Nice," he said.

I could only nod and he kissed me, caressing my cum-covered cock with his hand. His cock was still hard and inside me and I couldn't believe after coming so hard my cock was already growing again. He just chuckled.

"I knew you'd like it," and I could hear the smile in his voice. 

"It was so good," I admitted. 

"Would you like some more?"

The answer was obvious by my hardening cock in his hand.

He moved his hips and his still-hard cock moved deep inside me. "You've got me ready for another round too."

He started gently rocking, his cock moving in and out of my belly. I could feel him deep inside touching that place as his hand caressed my cock, twisting and milking it. I lay back against him, lost in the sensations as he pleasured me. 

"Tomorrow, I'm going to take you home," he began as he fucked me. "I told Tricia I was going to fuck you up here. She's been dripping wet at the idea. I'm going to take you home and she's going to watch while I fuck you senseless. She might even want a taste of your cock. You're going to be our little fuck toy. We're going to fuck you until you can't walk straight."

The thought of Tricia watching, touching while Seth fucked me was indescribable. 

His expert hand and prodding cock had me on the edge quickly; after only a minute I cried out and came in his hand, my ass clenching down on his rod. He grabbed my hip hard and pumped into me until he came again inside, his cock squirting all he had into me.

HIs body relaxed again, this time he was finished. He kissed me, then held me against him as I felt the cum dripping around his cock and down my ass. His hand caressed my side, just as he had started. His softening cock finally popped out and lay against my skin.

I listened to his breathing as it became soft and regular. He was asleep. 

I had been taken and used, opened up and fucked like an animal. I had loved it and cum so hard I wondered if anything would live up to that night. 

I didn't know what the next day would bring, but the night had brought surprise and unbelievable pleasure. Surely the next day wouldn't be so bad.

I closed my eyes, listened to the rain on the tent.