 I stepped out of my limo into the bustling nightlife of downtown Houston. I smiled. It's always a special treat to do what I had planned that night. 

I took in a deep breath and tapped into one of my many abilities. My body sent out a signal to find the man most suited for what I needed. It's not a power I have to use very often, but it really does come in handy. 

I found what I was looking for and started walking to the location. Whoever this man was, he was about to have the best night of his life. 

My mark was at a bar. It wasn't a gay bar, but my abilities had never done me wrong yet, so I walked in. I saw him immediately. A short man somewhat beyond his middle age, probably in his 50s, was sitting at the bar, drinking a martini. I grinned mischievously, imagining all the possibilities. 

I sat down on the stool next to him and his cute little mind started working furiously. He was probably wondering who this handsome man was and why his cock was hardening at such an alarming rate. He adjusted himself in his seat restlessly. 

"Hello," my deep voice greeted. 

He turned to me and grinned bashfully. 

"Hi." 

I gave him my most charming smile. 

"My name is Ezra. What's yours?" 

"I...uh...Cody." 

I raised my hand. 

"Bartender, I'll be paying for all of Cody's drinks tonight." 

The man behind the counter looked up and nodded. 

"You can have whatever you want," I told Cody. He was thrilled, but baffled. 

"Oh...thanks, but...why?" 

I put my hand on his thigh. He shuddered. I could tell that a wave of arousal slammed into him and he had no idea what to do about it. 

"Because it's part of my courting ritual." 

His eyes widened. 

"You are gay, are you not?" I asked, knowing the answer. 

He nodded. I could only imagine what was going through his simple mind. 

Who is this god and how is it that he wants me? 

I knew that he liked what he saw. Every man in the room was aware of my presence and was attracted to me, even those who were straight, or attached to another. 

My appearance is irresistible. I have dark, olive-tinted skin, a perfectly muscular body, and short hair as black as midnight. I appear to be in my late thirties or early forties and have a height of six feet, five inches. I am the embodiment of tall, dark, and handsome. It's not just that, though. I just have a strong erotic pull that all men feel when they look at me, Cody included, not that he was aware of that. 

I got close to his ear. 

"We can either stay here and chat or we can just go to the hotel right now. Either way, you're mine for tonight, and, if you play your cards right, the rest of your life." 

He couldn't hold back a moan. He covered his mouth and looked around embarrassedly. 

"Uh...I...I think I want to get to know you better a little bit first...I mean, if that's okay." I could tell he was just saying that to be polite. 

I leaned back and smiled. He was so cute. He was halfway to being the person I wanted him to be already. 

"That's reasonable, but I'm a rather private person. I have my fair share of secrets, and I don't tell them to just anybody. Tell me a bit about yourself, Cody." 

I tried to be friendlier in my tone. I was making the man too frazzled to think properly. 

"Oh, there's not much about me to tell. I'm just an old bachelor." He wanted to cut to the chase but didn't want to seem desperate. 

I laughed a little. He's adorable! 

I grabbed the collar and yanked him right up to me, asserting my dominance as I whispered in his ear huskily. 

"If that's the case we should stop beating around the bush. What do you say I just take you a hotel and fuck the shit out of you?" 

My aggressive dirty talk almost made the poor guy orgasm in public. He whimpered. 

"P-please...please..." 

"Please what, pet?" 

He shuddered, putty in my hands. 

"Please fuck me..." 

I grinned. I got a one-hundred-dollar bill and put in on the bar, saying "keep the change," before taking his hand and exiting the bar. 

As I got us a taxi, booked us an expensive hotel room, and checked us in, he followed, silent and eager. He was like a little puppy. The process didn't take very long. People are always eager to please me. 

We got to our room and I put the Do not disturb sign on the door. There would be no interruptions. 

I sat the ardent man down on the bed, doing the same next to him. 

"Cody, before we begin, we need to have a serious conversation, and I need you to be fully in your right mind for it. Don't focus on me. Focus on my words." 

He nodded. 

"You might have noticed that there is something about me you can't quite put your finger on. Something you find seductive, exciting, even a little frightening. 

He answered honestly. "Yes." 

"That is because I am no ordinary man. In fact, I'm not a man at all." 

I stood up, getting in front of him. 

"Humans don't exactly have a name for what I am, but one that comes pretty close to describing me is demon." 

I snapped my fingers and let my true form leak into my appearance slightly. My face got sharper, more angular. My fingers became claw-like. My eyes burned and glowed in a way they hadn't before. 

Cody blanched. He was petrified, unable to speak. 

I walked up to him and raised his chin with my finger. 

"Be honest, pet. You're terrified of me, yes?" My voice was deeper, rougher. 

He nodded. 

"Say it." 

"I'm terrified, Ezra." 

"Very good. Even so, you still want me to fuck you. It's possible that you want me to fuck you even more now that you've seen me like this. Is that correct?" 

After a pause, he spoke, unable to lie to me. 

"Yes, Ezra." 

I stopped torturing the poor man and reverted to my fully human form. 

"It's true that I'm more powerful than any person, and I could kill you with minimal effort if I wished, but there's no need to worry. I'm not interested in harming humans." 

His fear diminished slightly. 

"I want to make a deal with you, Cody. This is a deal in which we both benefit greatly." 

He swallowed nervously. This fully-grown man was a frightened little child in my presence. 

"This is a deal in which you will be given back all the beauty and virility of youth. You will be taken care of, live a simple life, and need not worry about very much at all, but at a cost." 

His eyes widened. "My...my soul?" 

I laughed deeply. "No, no. That's the conclusion they all jump to, but I have no interest in your soul. You'll die and go to heaven or hell just like any other human. It's your body that I desire." 

I sat down next to him again. 

"I will change your appearance, giving you a body much like the one that you had when you were eighteen years of age. I will also give you all the sexual pleasure you could ever ask for. There are some conditions, though." 

He looked at me curiously, anxiously. 

"You will age normally after the transformation, but die exactly thirteen years after, with the body of a man thirty-one years of age. You will spend all thirteen years as my son, my servant." 

His eyebrows shot up. 

"Your body will be mine to use in any way I wish. Don't worry, though, I treat my sons well. You'll also love every minute of it. That's because the transformation isn't just physical." 

I leaned slightly closer. 

"Your mind will imprint itself on me in a way. You will see me, know me as your lover, father, and master. You'll retain memories of your past life, but have no desire to ever return to it. Your only thought will be that of your new Daddy, and how you can please him. Anyone in your past existence will forget about you. Your life will begin anew, and you will be reborn as my child." 

He shuddered, hardening in spite of himself. 

"You won't be alone, though. I always have seven sons, seven servants with intent only to satisfy me. My eldest son died recently, and I have selected you to be the next, if you choose to accept my offer." 

I stood up. 

"I may be a demon, Cody, but I'm not a monster. I want the decision to be yours and yours alone. You need to surrender yourself to me and throw away your life of your own accord. I'll leave the hotel room and return in exactly ten minutes. When I come back, you will give me your answer. If the answer is yes, we'll proceed. If not, you'll leave and return to your life, forgetting you ever met me. Think it over." 

I had given this speech to every man I asked to be one of my slaves, but none of them ever said no. Even still, I gave him the space to make his choice without distraction. 

I wandered aimlessly for the ten minutes. I knew that he was convincing himself to say yes. My abilities always led me to men with little in their lives to latch on to. They were often older men, and they were usually single, widowers, in unhappy marriages, or still in the closet. I didn't know which of these categories Cody fell into, and in all honestly did not care. I was more focused on what I would create from him, the new servant he would be. My mind buzzed with a wonderful idea. 

When I returned, he looked confident in whatever decision he had made. 

"What is your answer, pet?" 

"I accept your offer." 

I said the same thing I have said to all my sons when they eagerly agreed with my proposal. 

"Are you sure? This is a permanent change to your life. You'll die sooner and lose some of the freedom you have. Have you truly counted the cost?" 

He replied with a fair amount of resolve in his voice. "Yes, Ezra, I have. Please transform me into your son." 

I nodded. "Very well. The process is simple. Once I mate with you, planting my seed into your body, you will fall into a deep sleep. In the morning, you'll wake up as my servant." 

His eyes glimmered hungrily. I laughed before snapping my fingers. The elegant suit he saw me wearing disappeared in an instant. 

He gasped. "Where'd your clothes go?" 

"The clothes were never there. It was just an illusion. Your clothes, on the other hand..." 

I walked up to him and ripped his clothes to shreds with my bare hands. He was startled, but didn't resist. 

"You won't need them at all." 

I saw the body of my future son. He was soft; not fat, but not thin nor muscular. He was rather short, likely five feet, six or seven inches. His cock was small, too, just shy of five inches. He had a cute face and a full head of golden hair, but overall he was not the most attractive man. No matter. I would transform and him make him beautiful. 

"Go to the bathroom," I ordered. "Clean yourself up and conduct all the necessary preparations. The room is stocked with the proper equipment." I had stayed in this very room before. It was the room I used for my transformations, customized for my needs. 

He obeyed and left as I prepared the bed, removing all except the base sheet and two pillows. Cody didn't take very long. None of them do; they'd all be too eager to have my cock in their ass. 

He returned, ready to be taken. Even so, he looked a little self-conscious. Perhaps he felt inadequate. My cock was eight inches when fully flaccid, and I'm a grower. I have flawless pectorals, chiseled abs, and the most perfect muscular buttocks. He was lesser than me, but I wanted him to feel a little better about himself. I cupped his cheeks and gave him a tender kiss on the lips. 

"Don't feel insecure, pet. I can tell what you looked like in the prime of your life, and I like what I see. I'll adjust your appearance, making it recognizable as the boy you had been, but still perfectly sexy and mine. I'm your father, Cody. Let me take care of you." 

He nodded. I kissed him again. 

"Get on the bed. Brace yourself, pain and pleasure you didn't know possible await you." 

He complied, and I slid next to him, holding him in my arms. 

"There will be no foreplay tonight. The very first thing I want to do sexually for my boys is make them my servant. We'll have ample opportunity to fool around in every way imaginable later on." 

"Please, Ezra," he implored. "Make me yours." 

I kissed him. 

"As you wish." 

I willed my cock to harden, and it grew to his full length and girth. His eyes widened and he gasped. 

None of my sons had ever seen a cock quite as impressive as mine. Fully erect, it was twelve inches long and had a thickness to match. 

He put his hands over his mouth. 

"How is that gonna fit?" 

I laughed. "I never said this wouldn't be rough, but it only hurts the first time. Once you're my servant it will fit perfectly. Your mouth and ass will feel empty without it." 

I rolled over so I was on top of him. I pushed his legs back, revealing his opening. 

"Be warned, pet. This will be unimaginably painful. It will also be unimaginably pleasurable. Don't hold back in your reactions; I like it when my boys scream." 

He nodded. "Yes, Ezra." 

I put a pillow under him to angle his ass upwards. 

"What do you want, Cody?" 

He spoke candidly and without reservation. 

"I want you to fuck me in the ass and make me your slave. I want to be your son for the rest of my life. I want to exist to serve you." 

I grinned. "Good boy." I ruffled his hair. 

"My body isn't what it used to be, though," he admitted. "I don't you how good this will be for you." 

"Don't you worry," I assured him. "Just let Daddy take care of you." 

"Yes, Daddy." 

I started moving the head of my member to his opening. 

"I don't use lube. Ever. This is really going to hurt." 

Cody had done a decent job preparing himself, but my dick is one of a kind. I got to his hole and encountered tremendous resistance. I pushed, gradually increasing pressure. 

"Submit," I commanded. "Let me use your body." 

"I'm trying, Daddy, but you're so big!" 

I pushed more and more until the gigantic head popped in, his greedy little boy pussy swallowing it whole. He howled. I didn't wait for him to adjust, I just continued to penetrate deeper and deeper. He writhed in agony. It made me sad to see my son in so much pain, but I could also see his rapidly hardening erection. It was torturous, but still powerfully arousing to him. 

Deeper and deeper I pushed, rearranging is insides and ripping him up in several places. He was crying in pain, but made sure I knew he was still enjoying himself. 

"Yes, yes, YES! I love your fucking horse cock, Daddy! Fill me up! Tear me to shreds! Please, Daddy! AHH!!" 

I smiled. I loved watching these ordinary men turn into sex starved anal sluts before me. 

Finally I bottomed out, my testicles resting against his stretched, bleeding hole. I got down low enough to kiss him. 

"What are you, Cody?" 

"I'm your bitch! I'm your slave!" 

"Whose body is this?" 

"It's yours, Daddy! All yours!" 

I tongue kissed my future servant. 

"I love you, son." 

"I love you too, Father." 

I grinned. "Let's get down to business." 

I pulled back roughly, my penis scraping through his utterly destroyed insides, before pushing back in with just as much force. Slowly, but surely, his body opened to me, allowing me to pull almost all the way out and push in to the hilt with relative ease. As I fucked him deep, he stopped talking dirty and started getting more vulnerable, cuter with his sounds. He yelped and mewed and whimpered like a small animal as I ravaged his body. Psychologically, he started completely losing himself in the submission. 

Cody came over and over, semen exploding from his cock and coating our bellies. I climbed up very slowly, and in the forty minutes it took for my orgasm to approach, he came six times. 

"It'll come soon, boy," I told him. "The seed that will make you mine." 

He keened and nodded his head, then nuzzled my neck. I doubted he even remembered his own name, let alone understood what I said, but he wanted to please his Daddy. 

My release approached. I was excited. The orgasms I get every day from my sons are wonderful, but could never compare to the orgasm that makes a man my slave. 

Once I started falling over the edge, I plunged as deep as I could and he gasped. 

"It's happening, son." 

My cock expanded, getting even bigger. I could never see it when it did this, but it had to grow several inches in length and girth in this process. He cried, squealed, wailed in blissful agony. The head of my penis expanded until it grew into a giant knob that locked me into his body, like how a wolf's penis would. Cody couldn't get away even if he wanted to. As earth-shaking bliss flooded my body, I shot, dumping what felt like gallons of semen into him. All the humanity was gone from his mind now. He was in complete, utter submission. He cried and looked at me with scared, wide eyes. 

I adjusted our linked bodies, sitting myself up and putting him in my lap. I put my arms around his body and ran my hands through his hair. 

"It's okay, pet. Daddy's got you." 

He whined, shaking as my seed shot over and over inside of him. He let out his seventh orgasm. His gut started bulging, like he was pregnant. He looked at me so fearfully, whimpering. 

"Shh, little one," I crooned in his ear. "I'm here. You're safe." 

Eventually, my orgasm ended. My cock remained the same size and shape, but my release finished and my seed started doing its work in his body. 

His eyelids started drooping. I kissed him. 

"Sleep, child. When you wake, you'll be reborn." 

He mewled nervously, but I could see in his gaze that he trusted me. I laid back and he fell forward, falling asleep on my chest with my dick locked in his ass. 

I smiled. I don't need to sleep, so I just sat back and watched the process of this man turning into my son. 

The transformation takes exactly six hours, not a second more or less. Before I joined with him, during the times I was waiting on him to make his decision and clean up, I decided on the type of servant I wanted him to be, using his appearance in his youth as a base. No two sons are alike, and I take joy in the art of turning men into beautiful little toys for me to play with. 

As always, the transformation took the entire six hours, and was perfectly gradual. From one minute to the next, he looked unchanged, but as time continued I could see differences forming. His body shrunk, becoming thinner and shorter. Some curves filled in that weren't there previously. His face softened, going from that of a older man to a boy of 18. I also felt the inside of him change. It modified its shape, becoming a smooth, wet, and tight channel that would fit around my cock perfectly. 

The sun was rising when the six hours completed. My member finally went down to its normal erect length of twelve inches. His insides hugged it, quite literally custom made to house my dick. I waited eagerly for the moment when my son would first wake up, one of my favorite parts of the process. 

He stirred. I gently cupped his face and tilted his head so that I would be the first thing he saw once he was reborn. 

Slowly, his eyes opened, blinking a few times as they took in the first sights of their new life. 

His wide, green eyes looked at me in wonder. 

"Daddy?" 

I nodded and kissed him deeply. His response was perfect submission, allowing me to take over the inside of his mouth. 

"Good morning, Cody. How do you feel?" 

He blinked a few times, trying to think with a still clouded mind. 

"I feel different, but I like it. I like it a lot. This is wonderful! Thank you so much, Daddy." 

His voice was higher in pitch and more effeminate now, matching his young, waifish appearance. He kissed me on the cheek. 

I smirked. "My cock is a foot deep inside you. How does that feel?" 

"It feels incredible. It's like a pair of broken-in shoes, perfectly molded to your feet." 

I laughed. "It feels the same way to me, son. Would you like to see your new body?" 
