 An Imaginary Homoerotic Tale

By

Jason Land

*

FOREWORD

This is a sequel to my earlier story: "Gay Sex for Gregory", which was posted on the Literotica website on 09/19/2015 (September 19 2015). Whilst the present story and can be read as stand-alone tale, I would recommend my readers, first to read the earlier story, "Gay Sex for Gregory" as it will make the present story more easily intelligible. Equally, the first of these two stories is a stand-alone tale in itself. However, as the first story attracted what was for me a large number of readers, I decided to continue and produce a second story about Gregory's sex life, which having overcome his original fears he now enjoys to the full; fuller, in fact, than any one might have imagined given Gregory's previous history.

*****

CHAPTER 1

Gregory Parry, who is known to all as Greg, the main character in the present story, has just commenced his freshman year in the Medical Faculty of the University of California in Berkeley. Greg is a well set up, indeed very muscular, young man, just over six feet tall. He is extremely well equipped in the man-meat department, for he has a large rubbery penis almost eight inches long when soft, which sits on a pair of balls held tightly to his body. When hard, as it often is, his cock measures at least nine and a half inches in length, but depending on just how horny he feels as he gets ready for sex, his cock can stretch to a magnificent ten inches plus, with a commensurate girth; so all in all, Greg presents a formidable weapon to his partner, which few men can equal.

But length and girth apart, Greg has what can but be described as a beautiful cock. Like most American males of his generation, he was circumcised and the doctor who performed that operation did a magnificent job, for Greg's cock today has a superbly defined head with a magnificent rim which sets it off from the shaft. Greg himself has further enhanced his sexual charm by wearing a three component trianguloid cock ring: one large ring encircles the root of the cock and the scrotum; a lower ring then encircles his balls and holds them tight to his body, whilst an upper ring, set at an angle, holds his soft cock, which being of a rather rubber consistency hangs away in an attractive curve. 

The overall, effect of the ring encircled cock and balls is quite stunning. His cock and balls together appear to form one formidable tool. So when soft, Greg's equipment looks very attractive indeed: no deflated balloon dangling between the legs for Greg! It is further enhanced by the fact that Greg has adopted the practice of having all his pubic hair removed so that nothing interferes with the beauty of his fucking equipment.

Since his initiation into gay sex, Greg has learned the value of his potent assets and is ever ready to use them. In a word, Greg has turned from a shrinking violet of a virgin into a highly attractive and active gay young stud, who has quickly adapted himself to the gay life style. But Greg is equally receptive of other guys' assets and so, with his attractive muscular physique, his nifty cock and a welcoming anus equipped with a good tight sphincter, he has to be considered as a rare gem and all set for a really happy and active gay sex life. 

Were Greg a straight guy, the girls would be all over him and think him a stunning hunk. Unluckily for members of the female sex, they will never have the pleasure of any intimacy with Greg, for he is totally gay, from the tips of his fingers to the tips of his toes. Like many guys of his persuasion, he has eyes only for other men: but not any men. Greg has eyes only for muscular well set-up guys with big dicks: guys who could well be described as gay musclecock studs: guys who when looking at Greg see him in the same light as he sees them: a stunningly, sexually, attractive proposition in much the same way that females categorise muscular straight guys about whom they fantasise and whom they think, of as hunks. In a word, Greg is just "drop dead gorgeously attractive" to observing gay eyes and, not unexpectedly, other like minded studs gravitate towards him like bees to flowers, their eyes focusing enviously on the crown jewels between his legs. 

Whether Greg himself, as he sets out on his college career, realises just how attractive he is to other men is debatable. But he will soon find out. And so we find Greg one evening during his first week at Berkeley, in the shower room of the gymnasium where he has been vigorously working out, honing his already splendid physique to that unattainable level which is perfection.

Greg was soaping himself up under the shower, when another guy entered the room, stripped off and stood under the shower next to him. Normal protocol in such places is that the guys do not particularly ogle each other, but, nevertheless, it is only human that they do sneak a look at their companions "credentials." Greg, being human, did just that and was surprised to find that the young stud (yes, he was a stud!) was a truly attractive muscular guy with a cock equal to his own. Greg also observed that his companion had pierced nipples and was wearing a well fitting pair of gold nipple rings, an adornment which Greg found particularly attractive. Greg also noted that his companion had had his pubic hair professionally barbered into an attractive triangular design, which really enhanced his cock and balls.

Along with the visual attractiveness of this body jewellery and pubic hair presentation came a clear unspoken message: the guy under the next shower head was very probably gay. Was this a fact? Could it be divined on the basis of a pair of pierced nipples? Probably not; but the chances are that any guy who indulges in such bold barbering and pectoral adornment is very likely to be gay. In much the same way, does any straight guy wear the type of trianguloid cock ring which Greg was wearing; and do straight guys shave off their pubic hair? Possibly, but improbably. So the two guys under the showers assessing each other's credentials each sent out an unspoken signal to the other which said: "Yes, I am gay; are you looking for action?" . 

So how did things progress from here? There is always a little awkwardness even when both parties know exactly what they want, which of course they did; one or the other of them had to break the ice, for both of them knew full well what was ultimately going to happen; it did not need putting into words, so Greg began: "Hi, I'm Greg: Gregory Parry. We don't seem to have met before." 

"No, that's right. I'm Ben: Benjamin Wallace; You come here often to work out?"

"My first time actually; I'm a freshman: first year medic; and you?"

"I'm second year law. Listen Greg, why don't we dry ourselves off, get dressed and go and have a bite to eat somewhere together? Get to know one another a bit better as we both are clearly into body training."

And that was how these two hunks got together: eating a hamburger in a local joint. By the time they had finished they had told each other a great deal about themselves, starting with the fact that they each had divined that the other was gay. Ben asked Greg where he was living: a fraternity house perhaps. No, Greg was just living in a room he had rented in an apartment house in Berkeley. He had not applied to join a fraternity as he had heard horrific stories of the extreme hazing which went on in some of them, especially if the regular guys realised one of their number was gay; so no, he preferred to live alone for the moment. Greg did not tell Ben about his weekend arrangements with Larry in San Francisco and his involvement in the Ringboy's Naked Gym as a part time Naked Bodybuilding Assistant. 

It turned out too that Ben did not belong to a fraternity in the normal sense of the word, but as he began to explain to Greg, there was an organisation called the Omega Phi (many of these American fraternal associations adopt names composed of letters from the Greek Alphabet) which catered for gay guys such as them. "Listen Greg, I live quite near here. Why don't we go back to my place and continue our conversation there. It is much more comfortable there and I think you and I have a lot to talk about and also I have an idea I want to bounce off you." 

So the two young studs set off to Ben's place which was about ten minutes walk from the hamburger joint where they had just eaten. They walked in complete silence: no conversation. Each of them knew full well what they was going to happen once they arrived at their destination, but neither guy put his thoughts into words: in its own way it was the difficulty associated with the first time. This was not going to be a first time fuck for either guy, but it was the first time together. Things were about to go way beyond the talking stage: both guys wanted to fuck!

The walk back to Ben's place was accompanied by a feeling of joyous anticipation tempered with a certain feeling of trepidation for Greg. Sure he was quite confident of his sexual ability, which had been exercised to its limits at Ringboy's Gym, but there the situation had been totally different; he had been among guys whom he now counted as his friends: guys who had led him from the wilderness of a sexless existence into the fulfilment of an active gay sex life, which he adored. That he knew how to fuck butt and satisfy his partner was beyond question; but today the situation was different. Here he was going back to Ben's place where both of them knew exactly what was going to take place: he was going to have sex with Ben and Ben with him. 

The mechanics of what was going to happen was clear; but here Greg was about to embark upon a sexual adventure with a man he had just met: totally uncharted waters with an experienced stud by the looks of it. How would it all pan out? Would he be able to perform? Why not? He was already getting hard just at the thought of what was ahead they arrived at Ben's place; but he had those queasy butterfly feelings in his stomach nevertheless. But what the fuck; Ben was just another guy: a very attractive and desirable guy: a guy whom Greg knew he wanted to fuck as soon as possible. His own fast hardening man-eat told him all really needed to know: he was ready to fuck Ben and he wanted to do it immediately. He was just so very horny: it was quite unbelievable. 

CHAPTER 2

Ben had a really nice set-up, made up of a large bed-sitting room with a small fitted kitchenette in one corner and a separate bathroom. The place was very well furnished for a student pad.

But now that fatidic moment, the moment of truth was finally upon the two young men and someone had to make the first move. It was obvious to Greg, whose cock was literally busting out of his pants that any further talking along the lines of "getting to know each other a little better" was going to be shelved in favour of some immediate physical action.

It was again Greg, who was literally bursting at his sexual seams, who took the initiative: "OK Ben, well here we are and I think that we both know what is going to happen next, don't we? We are going to have sex together, unless I have very badly misread all the signs to date. So, my friend, it seems to me that we need to decide who goes first. Do I fuck you and then you fuck me or vice-versa? We could, of course, toss a coin, but frankly Ben, I'm just so hot to get at your arse that I would be eternally grateful if you would let me take first shot. So how about it?" 

Greg had chased any residual timidity and apprehension from his mind at that moment and observing the time honoured maxim that he who hesitates is lost, he went up to Ben and started to pull his T shirt over his head. It turned out that Ben was more than willing and within seconds the two young studs were facing one another totally naked: Greg with his huge cock totally hard and already in the precum stage, so horny had he become just thinking about what he intended to do to Ben, whilst Ben stood there with his own equipment well on the rise.

"How do you like it Ben: face up in the mission position or face down in the doggy pose?" Ben gave no answer but simply pulled a thick roll-like pillow from under his bed, knelt in front of it and draped himself flat on his stomach and chest on the bed, resting bis head on the bed-pillow. His pose offered Greg bis arse in a perfect raised position for penetration. 

"Ben, I have to tell you that I was taught by my mentors, all of whom are professional copulators, guys for whom fucking butt is part and parcel of their daily lives, and who always to practise safe sex; so I always fuck using a condom. These guys also recommended me never to go out anywhere without a supply of rubbers on me, as one never knew when one might need one. And tonight is a good example of their wisdom; when I went into the shower, I had no idea at all of the series of events which would follow. So, with your permission..."

Greg reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a packet of two rubbers and a sachet of lubricant. Rolling one rubber onto his hard member, he handed the other to Ben. "Ben, if I might make a suggestion; why don't you put this on your own fuck-stick. Gay sex is a wonderful experience: a toy which never ever fails to please; but it has one nasty corollary, especially for young studs like you and me; we tend to jerk out loads of cum as we ejaculate our sperm, which has messy consequences, especially when the bottom guy is flat on his face on a bed as you are. So by your using a condom as well as me, when you cum, which you will, for I always try to make my partner climax at the same time as I do myself, your cream will be caught in the rubber and we shall not finish up wallowing in a pool of cum on your bed sheets. I know this sound horribly clinical but believe me it is a good idea." 

Ben concurred and did as asked. The Greg lubed up Ben's arse and the show was ready to begin when Ben said: "Listen Greg, I like it hard and long, so don't hold back; just bang away at me for that is exactly what I want. I guess I really like hard core anal sex; so just give it to me as hard as you can." 

Greg was feeling particularly horny that night, thinking about the delights of fucking such a superb muscle stud and did as requested.

Ben as might well be expected of such a muscular young man, had a very tight anal sphincter which took some time to yield to Greg's forcing. But once that muscle had relaxed, Greg gave Ben the full benefit of his massive ten inch long cock, as he bottomed his own pelvis against Ben. He then withdrew his tool completely from Ben's rectum and re-entered him with a single smooth, but very forceful thrust, which produced a gasp of pleasure from his partner.

"That's it; that's just what I want: long forceful strokes; go on Greg, just fuck me as hard as you can; don't hold back at all."

Greg, of course, needed little or no encouragement, for his natural technique was to be forceful. He made stroke after stroke, each time practically withdrawing his cock from Ben's hole completely until, nearing his climax, he did withdraw completely and bring himself and his partner to a simultaneous orgasm by means of two or three monumentally pounding strokes, where he withdrew his cock some two inches before re-entering his partner with perfect aim. 

Greg had been in a state of sexual hypertension which had gradually built up as the two of them walked back to Ben's place. So, when it finally came, the orgasm which Greg experienced was so intense he could hardly bear it. He ejaculated more cum than he had ever before produced, in series of forceful jerks as he pumped Ben's hole repeatedly with all the force he could muster.

Greg's state of high tension transmitted itself to Ben, who also experienced a highly intense climax. "Jesus Greg, for a relative new-comer to the gay-sex stakes, you really do know how to make a guy happy. I kid you not, but that was just about the best fuck I think I have ever had in my life; and believe me, I've had a plenty! My god, Greg, you are a true artist. And what a magnificent piece of man-meat you have; how the fuck did you manage to develop it to that length and girth; and I just love that triple ring you are wearing?" 

"You know, Greg, that performance gives credence to the saying that a good big'un beats a good little'un any day. You, Greg, have a sort of golden gun between your legs, my friend. Once word gets around here, I can tell you, you and your cock are going to be in great demand. Anyway, Greg, it's now my turn to show you how well I can perform when I really make an effort, so, shall we go for it? What's your pleasure, Greg? Your wish, O master, is my command," he concluded with a laugh.

Greg lay down on his back on the bed, opened is legs, bent his knees and offered himself to Ben in the mission position. Ben quickly oiled up Greg's arse and within seconds was inside him with his equally formidable cock. Ben's technique was unique, for at each stroke he withdrew his entire member from Greg's hole and then quickly re-penetrated him. He brought both himself and Greg to a simultaneous climax with a steady stream of long powerful but totally unhurried strokes which nevertheless culminated in a most intense orgasm for both young men. Greg was in absolute heaven, as he felt the weight of Ben's muscular torso on top of him.

The two studs lay together for some minutes, cooling off after the effort. "That Ben was one hell of a fuck you just gave me. My god; what an orgasm. You really are a super cocks-man Ben. And you know you have a very unique technique with your long and even strokes. It is quite different to anything I have ever experienced before. It does help, of course that you have lots of inches to offer your partner. You and I are a well matched pair when it comes to size. And I just love taking a really good sized piece of man-meat up my hole. You are dead right when you say that size does count for a lot. And let's face it we both have size to offer! But you know Ben, it was an absolutely terrific fuck and I reckon that I could tell blindfold if it was you fucking me; you fuck in such a distinct way: quite unique, I would say. So what happens next?"

"Well Greg, we really seem to have got to know one another pretty quickly: a steep move up the experience curve, I'd say! Look here; there is a vacant room just like mine available in this place. Why don't you consider taking it and move in. That way you would be close to a friend, for I already think of you as a friend even though we have only just met: an act of god, I'd say. It's great to know that you are near a like minded guy and that there is always a warm body waiting to make you welcome; so much better than being by yourself in some god-awful room. So what do you say?"

Greg of course accepted and it was agreed that he would give notice on his present place and move into the same building as Ben. So almost immediately he was not alone in Berkeley. He had made a new friend, one with whom he could work out in the gym and who was a god-given sex partner. Could things have turned out better?

Well, Ben had not yet finished with his ideas. 

"Greg, we are neither of us in a fraternity house, but listen, I do belong to the next best thing: a sort of loose fraternity of gay guys like us who have banded together to sort of look after each other. It's called the Omega Phi Muscle-Cock Fraternity: the OPFrat for short. It's not a registered fraternity in the true sense of the word but a group of about fifteen or so of us have banded together to form a gay fraternal club, if I can describe it as such. All the members are gay guys just like you and me. We have a clubhouse where we hold our meetings and where we can go to relax, with all that that implies. All the guys are real muscular studs with good sized cocks and all of us love to fuck, which I suppose is the real "raison d'être" for the place."  
