 Alex walked in from his sixth-form rugby practice, muddy, sweating, and deep in thought. Over the past few weeks he had struggled to think of anything else. It was then that he heard the loud and cheerful voice of the one boy who had been involved in all of those dreams and musings. He turned to see Oli strolling in, with a mate some twenty meters behind. Alex caught his breath as he stared at Oli. 

Oli was (as far as Alex was concerned) the hottest guy in school. Just under six feet tall, with short blonde hair, deep blue eyes and a trim, healthy body, he looked amazing in his rugby kit, with his tight shorts, and long rugby socks showing off his cute ass, and fine legs. Having only just turned eighteen he was one of the younger boys in the year and his innocence seemed to make him even more desirable to an older boy like Alex. It was then that Alex noticed Oli looking right at him, and when their eyes connected Oli mimed a little kiss at Alex and then turned to speak to his friend again. That was the fifth one this week, and Alex could already feel its effects working on his imagination and, more importantly, his young cock. He quickly put his hand inside his jockstrap to rearrange himself and then glanced around to ensure no one had noticed, before running his hand through his spiky black hair in relief. Yet, still his mind would not come to rest and all he could think of was having Oli in front of him while he kissed and rubbed him all over, causing him to let out little gasps and moans. 

It was no good, his erection kept growing, until now he was struggling to keep it from showing. Alex groaned and turned away from the changing rooms and ran to the toilets, checking to see that all the cubicles were empty before selecting one, bolting the door closed. He put the lid down and dropped his shorts, releasing his straining six inch cock, which now jutted out in front of him. He didn't have any lubrication, but it didn't matter to Alex, whose eyes were already closed, his mind filled with fantasies involving his dream-boy, Oli. 

He remembered when he had been laying head down on the desk in class and Oli, who was sitting next to him, started stroking his ear. He had turned and Oli had smiled, but left it at that. Alex was too nervous to talk about it. Now, however, he imagined stroking Oli back, and before long they were on top of the table, the rest of the class forgotten, kissing passionately while Oli moved his hands into Alex's boxers, and began stroking his cock. Alex let out a gasp, his fist pounding mercilessly on his cock. Alex could feel his orgasm coming as it built up in his stomach. Alex imagined Oli in this same position, cock in hand, moaning Alex's name before shooting his spunk up onto his own chest, and hands. That did it for Alex who groaned before a thick line of spunk shot out of his cock and planted itself on his neck before more spurts followed covering his hand and dripping into his pubic hair. 

He grabbed some toilet paper and tried to clean himself up as best he could, before walking back out to the changing rooms. According to his watch, he'd been in the toilet stall for twenty minutes, which meant that all the others had gone long ago. If he was lucky, someone would have left a sock, or something, which Alex could imagine as Oli's, and have another powerful jerking session before going home. 

Alex opened the door, and strolled in. It wasn't until he had gone over to his things that he turned and saw Oli, shorts around his ankles, cock in hand, wide eyed and speechless. Staring at Alex in shock, Alex found his eyes riveted on Oli's six and a half inch cock, held in Oli's gloved hand. While Oli sputtered out excuses, Alex's gaze never left his cock. 

"Please, don't tell anyone!" cried Oli, clearly embarrassed and desperate.

"Please!" he cried again. 

"Hey Oli, err, 'course I wont tell anyone, no worries, I mean we all do it from time to time, right?" Alex replied. 

Oli had already got his shorts back on and had turned back to his stuff, plainly refusing to look at Alex. The silence grew, neither boy getting changed, both thinking about what had happened. 

Although Alex wasn't only thinking about that: Was this his chance? His erection was already back and he was desperate to take Oli in his arms, to please him like he had never been pleased before. He needed to talk about it again, to try and hint at what he wanted and just hope that Oli wanted the same thing. Alex chuckled lightly trying to lighten the mood, 

"I must say of all the things I didn't expect to see, this was certainly one of them." 

Oli turned and gave a shy smile. 

"I... don't get any chance at home, what with my sister and brother, this is one of the few times I have to myself, you know?" 

"Yeah, I understand that," Alex replied. 

There was another silence, but this one was a lot more comfortable. 

"So... you use your rugby gloves, eh?" Alex asked with a smirk, as if it was an offhand comment, "Aren't they a bit rough for you?" 

"Oh, no," Oli replied obviously glad that Alex had accepted what he had done, and was comfortable with it. "If you use enough spit, then the roughness doesn't hurt, instead, it gives you a whole new feeling, it's great," he finished shyly. 

Alex then decided to go for it, he wouldn't be too obvious, but leave it open enough so that Oli could catch his meaning, if he thought about Alex as Alex did about him. 

"Wow, I'd love to know what that felt like," he said and then paused hoping beyond hope, that Oli would respond and not turn on him. 

Oli stared at him for a while, before taking off one of his gloves and throwing it to Alex. 

"Why don't you give it a go?" he asked. 

"Well, I won't say I don't want to," Alex replied, "if it's OK with you, I will. I'll be back soon." 

"No, don't bother," Oli said staring Alex deep in the eyes. "I mean, you've seen me do it, so I don't mind about seeing you." 

"Oh..." Alex said as if unsure, but inside he was completely thrilled and could only dream as to how far this could lead. "Well, OK then... I mean, why not?' 

With Oli watching, he put on the rugby glove, and pulled down his shorts. Once again, his cock stuck right out, harder than it had ever felt before. He heard Oli take a deep breath, and covered his feeling by asking casually, 

"How much spit did you say?" 

"Oh, loads," Oli answered, with a croak in his voice, his mouth dry. 

Alex built up a load of spit, spat on his gloved hand and lathered it all over his cock until it was coated. Then Alex began stroking slowly. As soon as the high grip surface of the glove met his cock, the feeling was so amazing he closed his eyes and groaned. He began pumping faster totally shocked at the amount of pleasure he was delivering. 

"Ohhhh yeah, ohhhh, is there anyway this could feel better?!" Alex moaned. 

"Yeah, it's great," Oli said, "it's only better when someone else is doing it." 

"What?" Alex panted, stopping his hand in case Oli meant what he thought he meant. 

"Well..." Oli paused, debating whether to go further, "can I show you?" 

"Yeah... I mean, sure!" Alex said. 

Oli got up and walked over to Alex, taking the glove back so now he had both on. He spat on the gloves and rubbed them together, 

"Just relax, and let me do this," he instructed, his voice shaking with lust. 

Alex closed his eyes in bliss, as Oli began to stroke the shaft with one hand surrounding his balls in the other. 

"Ohhhh, don't stop, please don't!" Alex groaned and Oli moved his hand from Alex's balls, to the head of his cock, while the hand on his shaft increased the pace, until Alex was just constantly moaning and groaning. 

"Urghhh, I'm close..." Alex panted. Oli, it seemed, had truly made up his mind on how far he was going to go with Alex. He removed his gloved hand from Alex's cock head and put his lips over it, while his second hand jerked Alex's shaft with incredible speed. 

"Ohhh my God!" Alex cried, as he held Oli's head in place on his quivering cock and shot his spunk deep into Oli's throat. The sperm kept coming, but Oli was swallowing in long gulps until Alex was left; weak and sucked dry. 

"That was amazing..." Alex panted, his hair matted with sweat, his muscles tingling. "Is there anything I can do for you?" he asked Oli. 

"There will be, if you come home with me," he replied mischievously, "but for now, just lay still on that bench." 

Alex looked up to see Oli standing above him, his cock enveloped by a gloved hand pumping furiously. His head was tipped back, eyes shut in ecstasy, and he began to groan as his orgasm approached. 

"Oh, Alex! I'm going to take you home, suck your cock, then bend you over my bed, fuck you so hard, and make you come all over my sheets before you swallow me!" Oli panted as his throbbing cock jerked, and a long shot of spunk hit Alex right in his grinning face, covering his mouth, nose, and cheeks. 

Oli's knees were shaking, so he knelt down, kissed Alex and licked his own spunk off of Alex's face, while Alex just lay back in bliss. 

"So, do you want to come home with me?" Oli asked, a grin playing on his lips. 

"Hell yeah!" Alex replied, "Only this time, you'll be the one who comes while I jerk you." 

"Oh don't worry," Oli said, "with what I've got in mind, there won't be any time for jerking."