 Harry was just about to close his restaurant for the night when a group of seven young guys came in. They were in all their early twenties and it didn't take any time at all for Harry to realize that they were gay.

It had been a slow night, as just about every night was out of season in the sleepy little town he lived in. He was glad to have seven potential customers and quite happy to have all this gorgeous eye candy to feast on. Harry hardly ever had any gay customers, and about the only time he got to be with gay guys was when he drove in to the city on the odd occasion.

Harry had to persuade the grumpy chef to prepare the meals the young men ordered. He was so used to closing up shop early every night that he didn't know what real work was anymore. While their meal was being prepared Harry served the group of friends some wine and chatted a bit. It turned out they were staying at the little hotel just up the road. He was sure they would be glad of the extra income too.

The guys were already a tiny bit tipsy having had a drink in the hotel bar. They were in extremely good spirits and Harry was curious what had brought them all together.

'Oh we're just good friends on a girls weekend away!' the campest of the lot, a flame haired, slim beauty cackled.

'I haven't had one of those in ages.' Harry replied.

They looked at him in silence. This big, beefy, hairy guy in his forties who had a bit of a paunch and was starting to bald - what would he know about what they were talking about, they wondered.

'What Jamie means,' the well built, dark eyed, handsome puppy stud added 'is that we're a bunch of gay guys having a weekend away from the city, trying to see how the other half live.'

'I got it the first time.' Harry replied with a chuckle. 'I'm gay too. And I used to be young and pretty once, though I know you will find that hard to believe.'

'You're having us on.' the blonde with the flowing shirt and bracelets said.

'No. I'm not.' Harry replied. 'Anyway, your food is probably about ready. I'll just go check.'

'That guy has a nice ass.' Oliver, the dark eyed sud twink, said as he watched Harry walk to the kitchen.

'Here we go again!' Jamie cried as he tossed his long red locks in mock exasperation. 'You're going to have to get some taste Oliver. That guy's ass is the size of a barrel.'

'Yeah but the shape of it, man! I could fuck him for days on end.' Oliver shot back.

'Now, now girls!' Andy called out. 'To each his own. Hey, perhaps we should do our routine for him.'

'What! So he can paw and slobber over us? I don't think so.' bitched Zack.

'I think that's a good idea, Andy.' Oliver said. 'Come on guys, it'll be fun.'

'If you want him so bad, just go get off with him but leave us out of this.' Jamie said.

'I'm with Oliver and Andy.' Sean said. 'I'd love to get naked and watch his face as he drinks in our beauty.'

'Beauty? Have you looked at yourself in the mirror lately?' Zack teased.

The seven were good friends and took each other's teasing lightly. Before Harry came back with the first tray they had all been persuaded to do their little strip tease routine for him. It would fun, perhaps, and something to tell their friends back in the city. All they had to do was keep him talking and then slip the offer into the conversation at some point.

Harry's face lit up at the suggestion. Did he want to see seven sexy, pretty twinks strip off just for him. Of course he did! His hands actually trembled as he locked the restaurant. Would they go all the way, he wondered. It didn't really matter; this was the best offer he'd had all year. The seven twinks were giggling with excitement at the prospect of teasing this older man, whom they thought had to be a bit of a country bumpkin. Well, maybe not Oliver; he genuinely had the hots for Harry and he knew that his own body would start changing shape soon. His father and brothers were all beefy men and that was the way he was going to look any time soon. He was in the last blush of his twinky days. He knew he was fucking gorgeous but even as he brushed his hair each day he could tell that it was starting to thin. He hoped that one day someone like how he looked now would take an interest in someone like how he would look then.

The group walked back to Harry's house which was not far. Harry was pleased that the streets were deserted and they didn't pass any of the townsfolk on the way. Not that he was ashamed to be seen with such beauties, but he was aware that they were probably just out to tease him and have a bit of fun. He felt foolish for allowing himself to be in this position, but his hungry eyes gave him no choice in the matter. It had been so long since he's had sex that anything would do, even being teased by a troop of slightly drunk and outrageously camp twinks.

Once inside his living room Harry put some music on and settled back on the settee. The guys seemed to sober up as they prepared to start their dance routine. It was something they took pride in and the moment they started it was like they were transformed. Before, Harry had thought them pretty, in a smooth twinky kind of way but not terribly sexy in a real flesh and bone kind of way. Now they sizzled as they strutted. They were damn sexy as they pouted, thrust and ground their way through the number. Harry's cock was soon incredibly hard and by the time they were down to their undies it was leaking precum like crazy. He waited with baited breath, as the song came to a close. Would they...would they... damn right they would!

They whipped off their undies and there stood seven prime pieces of man flesh. Harry's eyes darted from one set of gonads to the next trying to drink them all in before they got dressed. He was sure he had just thirty seconds to absorb all this beauty. Three cocks circumcised, four not; two rather thick and fleshy, one very long and thin the rest medium; one nut brown, two very pale, the rest in between. Three pairs of surprisingly beefy balls, two tiny ones and two medium. The similarities and differences between them made them so damn interesting Harry didn't know which ones to lust over longest.

Jamie and Zack were the first to reach for their clothes. Oliver just couldn't let this moment pass. He knew his friends would want to walk away, go back to their hotel rooms and giggle hysterically. "I mean did you see the guy's face? His eyes were out on stalks!" and all that, but Oliver couldn't let it go. Not like this. It was time to break rank. Let them go back without him, if they wanted to. He went and straddled Harry's legs and sat down in his lap.

Harry felt his face and neck flush as he wrapped his arms around Oliver's smooth back and hug him close. It this was a tease it was the best one in the world, but moments later he felt Oliver's tongue push into his mouth and he surrendered to the sweetest kiss he could remember for a long time. Oliver's thick, fleshy cock rose up between them and that hard meat against his belly let Harry know that this was going to be his lucky night.

The six others stood rooted to the spot watching Harry's hands roam up and down Oliver's back and massage his ass cheeks. There was something incredibly hot about seeing people having sex and none of them had actually witnessed this in the flesh before. This was beyond posing and strutting and the silly little games that they played and had played on them. These were two men in heat who knew what they wanted. Before long their cocks were rock hard and taken in hand.

Harry looked up and saw six hard and horny guys and he was torn. He wanted to make delicious love to Oliver, to hold him and stroke him all night long, but if those other six cocks were being offered too could he resist? He could not.

Amazingly it was bitchy Zack that came forward first. His super thin eight inch cock and tiny balls were now just inches away from Harry's face.

'Have a lick.' Oliver told him.

Harry's meaty paw closed around that delicate looking cock and he took it into his mouth. Zack sighed as Harry worked his thin spear right into the back of his throat. It was unlike anything he had ever experienced before and soon he climbed up onto the settee, putting himself between Oliver and Harry, and started face fucking the older stud. Harry's hands clung onto Zack's tight little ass as the horny raver fucked his wand of man flesh into his throat. It felt so raw, and so good, and when Zack suddenly withdrew, leaving a trail of joy juice across his tongue, Harry knew why Zack had hardly lasted five minutes. That was definitely one of the disadvantages of youth, Harry decided.

'Hey Harry, me next.' Jamie called out.

That was so typical of Jamie and Zack, Oliver thought to himself. They were always the first to criticize, but once the group had decided that Harry was okay they wanted to be the first in on the action. Harry cupped his right hand around Jamie's big spunk bags and guided that creamy pale cut head into his mouth. He then took the twink's root into the back of his throat until his lips were touching his ginger pubes. Jamie sighed as the experienced older stud worked his magic on his cock. Harry's large hands tugged at Jamie's tight little ass cheeks and stroked his smooth thighs. Oliver knelt at Harry's side, stroking his back and tickling his low hanging balls. Every now and then he would slide a hand up into Harry's hairy crack and send a shiver of delight through the older man.

Jamie popped his cork and stepped back to allow Andy access to Harry's hot mouth. After Oliver, Andy was Harry's favourite. He had a big fleshy uncut cock and a nice set of nuts. Harry was able to draw the abundant foreskin right forward over his erect cock before skinning it back to reveal the shiny red knob. He pulled forward on the skin again and then stuck his tongue into the puckered up skin and savoured all the tangy juices he collected there. Then easing the skin fully back he took that eight inch long, thick tube of fuck flesh into his mouth. His hand prodded between Andy's tight little ass cheeks until he found his tight little hole. It was so tight he couldn't even get the tip of his finger in so he just brushed it back and forth across the pucker as he greedily slurped on Andy's hog. It was clear to Zack and Jamie that Harry was enjoying this a little more than he had enjoyed blowing them and they were a little put out.

Harry's own cock was rock hard again and Oliver gently stroked it, causing even more precum to seep out of it. Oliver smeared the love nectar around Harry's blood engorged cock head and almost caused Harry to shoot his bolt. It was only by concentrating on what he was doing that he was able to hold back his orgasm. He knew he only had one orgasm in him and he had to save that for once special guy. Andy's fingers dug into Harry's shoulders and he was babbling incoherently. He rose up on the tips of his toes as the wave of excitement coursed through his body. He cursed and grunted as a flood of delicious cream washed over Harry's tongue. Harry reluctantly let the softening cock fall from his mouth and looked around to see Dave, Sean and Matt standing cock in hand, waiting their turn.

Harry took a quick swig of his red wine and then allowed Matt to stab his short dick into his mouth. Matt had really tiny balls and now that he was so turned on they had ridden up into his body so that Harry could only stroke the skin sac. Matt was in desperate hurry to cum and Harry just let him use his mouth, holding Matt close as he got face fucked. Hardly three minutes after he had started his thrusting Matt cried out his release and gave up a ridiculously huge load of fuck sauce. Where the hell had it all come from!

Sean's dark cock looked really angry as he tugged on it, waiting to be serviced. Harry took it into his mouth and found that it was a perfect fit. He really nuzzled on this hard love muscle and enjoyed the feel of Sean's muscular thighs. He seemed so tall and slender but underneath that smooth skin was hard muscle that with a little more time and training would turn him into quite a stud. Harry's hand slid up into the crack of Sean's ass enjoying the heat and sticky slickness he found there. He tested the tightness of Sean's pucker and was delighted when his finger slid in quite easily but he felt Sean tense up and decided his finger needed a little lubrication. He withdrew his finger and prised it between Sean's lips. The young pup licked at his own buttcream on Harry's finger and got it all slick and wet. It slid in all the way this time and the heat and slickness of that love tunnel reminded Harry of what he really wanted; what might be waiting for him.

Oliver was still at Harry's side, stroking him, offering words of encouragement. Harry came off Sean's briefly cock to share a kiss with Oliver before going back to work on that veiny shaft with it's flared cock knob. It looked angry enough to spit and when Harry withdrew his finger and replaced it with his thumb it did just that. Sean grunted and shuddered as rope after rope of clotted cream spewed out of his cock eye and down the back of Harry's throat.

That just left Dave before Harry could claim his prize. Dave was the quietest one of the lot. He was also the prettiest and had the smallest cock. It was fairly thin and pale and he also had tiny nuts. 

'You don't have to...if you don't want to.' he told Harry.

'Ofcourse I want to.' Harry replied. 'Why don't you lie down. I'm getting a little tired of kneeling.'

Dave lay down on the carpet with his butt raised on a cushion. Harry lay between his legs and when he caught sight of that tiny little pucker he decided he needed to kiss that more urgently than he needed to kiss Dave's cock. He parted Dave's smooth thighs and buried his face in his crack. All six of the other twinks gasped as they saw what Harry was doing. Oliver was so fucking turned on he could hardly breathe and he quickly forced Harry back into a kneeling position so that he could get under his chunky butt. Harry lowered himself onto Oliver's face and the young twink stud went wild as he ate out the musky man mound. Dave was just about hollering in delight as Harry's tongue teased his slit and his fingers prodded into him. If Oliver was not waiting Harry would have been tempted to bone the hot little twink. Instead he went down on his cock and frigged his ass with a finger. Five minutes later he had the result he wanted as Dave's cock erupted and Harry greedily lapped up his sixth load of twink cream of the evening.

Dave got up off the floor and Harry now lay down on the cushion he had vacated, his beefy ass up in the air as Oliver greedily ate him. The other six gathered around and watched in amazement as their friend turned into a mini sex pig. He was grunting and huffing and puffing as he ate that ass like it was the last meal left on earth. As he rimmed Harry he stroked his own fat cock. He couldn't decided what he wanted more: to fuck Harry or have that sexy older stud inside him. It was Harry who made the decision for them both.

'Fuck me Ollie.' he pleaded.

Oliver fell into Harry's ass, his cock sliding all the way home in one easy movement. Oliver grunted as his cockhead registered the pleasure of sliding through Harry's slippery manchute. He lay his full weight on Harry's back and kissed the back of his neck. He extended his hands over Harry's and the pair entwined fingers as lust and desire united them. Harry squirmed under Oliver signalling his need and the young stud started to gently thrust in and out of that stud muffin. The other six were in various states of arousal. Zack's thin rod was already fully reinflated and he was whacking it like crazy. 

Harry started squeezing his ass muscles down on Oliver's shaft and the hot twink almost lost it then.

'No, no..' he pleaded.

'Fuck me harder.' Harry growled.

Oliver's friends cheered him on as he switched gear and started really plowing into that butt pumpkin. Loud squelchy sounds filled the air as he withdrew his fat cock all the way out before plunging back into Harry's winking butthole. This was simply the best experience of Oliver's young life, better than all the jerk offs he'd had combined. His cock felt like it had a life of its own as it stabbed through Harry's assguts and tingled and throbbed, demanding release. The sounds of their lovemaking grew louder as more and more air was pumped into Harry's willing asshole. The older stud started bucking his ass against Oliver's shaft and this was just one sensation too many.

Oliver saw stars as he lost all sense of time and place. He shuddered and let out a strange cry as his balls emptied deep inside that hot pleasure pit. He collapsed onto Harry's broad back and licked at the sheen of sweat that covered it.

The party was over and the twinks started to dress. Some of them seemed to be a little embarrassed now at their lack of control over this plain, balding man. But not Oliver. He stayed behind to spend the night in Harry's bed, getting royally fucked, while the others went back to their hotel.

Copyright 2005 Daniel Blue