 Every time we crossed paths with a mirror, I couldn't resist looking at my new body. It looked much like mine when I came of age over thirty years ago, except refined flawlessly. I was smaller, softer, and cuter. This was me in my perfect form, the me I was meant to be. 

Whenever I wasn't looking at myself I was looking at the body of my new Daddy, Ezra. He told me he was a demon of some sort, and he gave me this new life in exchange for thirteen years of sexual servitude. I didn't regret my decision for a moment. 

While it was delightful to see every inch of Daddy's rock hard, muscular form, it did feel odd that he and I were in the nude, now walking around in a crowded hotel lobby. 

"Daddy, are you sure they can't see us naked?" 

"I told you, pet, it's a glamour. They see us as fully dressed. You just see through it because you know the trick now." 

As we got outside the valet driver pulled up in a stunning black sports car. Daddy nodded at the man and walked up to it. He looked at me, still standing on the front steps. 

"What are you waiting for, son? Get in." 

Master Ezra drove me to my new house, where I would be with him and my new brothers to live for the next thirteen years. I was excited, but nervous at the same time. 

"There are a few things you need to learn about your new body, pet," he told me. "You're not just younger and prettier, there are some other key changes." 

I nodded, eager to learn from my new Master. 

"You no longer need to eat or drink. The only nourishment you'll ever want, and for that matter the only nourishment that would ever help, is me." 

I raised my eyebrows 

"I'm sure you can feel how aroused and needy you are just by being in my presence." 

"Yes, Daddy. My erection has been full-on since I woke up." 

"That's because my touch, my body, my seed, is now your sole reason for existing. None but I will be able to give you the release you want so desperately, not even yourself. Without me, you'll grow weaker. You may even die if you're denied my touch for too long. Only my cock will sate your needs, your body will reject any other. You will be my slave, not just because you want to, but because it's the only way you'll survive your remaining thirteen years." 

My eyes got a little wider. 

"You're not just my son, Cody. You're my property. Is that understood?" 

"Yes, Daddy." 

He grinned. "That's a good little boy." 

I felt satisfaction flood my body upon hearing those words. 

"Of course, you will have to share me with all your new brothers. Every single one of them has gone through the same transformation you have." 

I nodded. I started fidgeting. 

"Uh...Daddy?" 

"Yes, little one?" 

"Do you...do you think my brothers will like me?" 

He chuckled. "They'll love you, pet. My sons form a tight family. They love each other almost as much as they love their Father." 

I nodded again, starting to relax a bit. 

"Be warned, you won't continue to get the personal, specialized attention I've given you thus far. I have seven sons and I don't play favorites. I'm your Master, but it's mostly your brothers that will provide companionship and guidance." 

"I understand, Daddy." 

We drove in silence for a few moments. 

"Why seven, if I may ask?" 

"I just decided that was a good number. Not too few, not too many." 

He left it at that, so I didn't press further. 

Eventually we pulled up to an opulent mansion. 

"This is your house?" 

"Yes, son, and now it's your house, too." 

He parked the car and walked me to the gigantic front door. I originally thought it opened automatically, but one of his other sons had opened it when he saw us approach. I wondered how long whoever that was had been waiting for Daddy to walk up.  

I heard a chorus of male voices. 

"Welcome home, Ezra!" 

Daddy laughed heartily. He motioned for me to stay as he passionately kissed six men, one after the other. He turned to me. 

"Come, boy. Meet your brothers." 

I nervously walked in and saw the six others in the same boat as me. 

I think I was expecting my brothers to look like I did, but clearly Daddy favored variety when creating his sons. 

Before me was a diverse group of males, with various heights, weights, ages, ethnicities, and states of dress, from fully clothed to fully nude. 

I heard a squealing and followed the noise to its source, an Asian man with waist-length hair. He was wearing a lacy pink bra and matching panties. 

"Oooooh, he's so cute!!" He clapped his hands excitedly. 

A skinny guy in a t-shirt, jeans, and cowboy boots nodded in agreement. "He really is. You've outdone yourself, Papa." 

Daddy nodded and put his arm around my waist. 

"Thank you, Zeke. My sons, meet your new brother, Cody." 

I heard six people greet me at once. 

Master Ezra turned to me. 

"It's better if you're introduced to them one by one. Follow me, pet." 

He led me to the main den of the house. All my new brothers followed. 

The den had several couches, and one large armchair at the front of the room like a throne. Daddy sat on it and patted his leg. 

"Get on Daddy's lap." 

I nodded and complied. The mere sensation of being in more intimate contact with him warmed me up and made me feel stronger, more complete. 

The six other men entered, the first one shouting "C'mon, we've all done this before. Get a move on!" 

"Not all of us!" I heard the voice of the one called Zeke. 

"Quit your bellyaching," someone else chided. "You should just be happy you're not the youngest anymore." 

The other servants congregated in a single file line in front of me and Daddy, now all in the buff. It felt odd that these strangers who were now my brothers would expose themselves to me like this, but this was probably just how Ezra liked doing things. 

"It's time for you to meet my other slaves, Cody. First off, my eldest son." 

The eldest son was a strong, built black man, with a large cock, a shaved head, and a great bubble butt. He was definitely the tallest of us, but still several inches shorter than Daddy. He was muscular, toned, and rugged, although his Father had him beat in each of those categories. 

His thick, full lips smiled, revealing dazzling teeth. 

"My name is Ty." His voice was low and melodic. 

I was expecting him to shake my hand or something, but he grabbed my cheeks and kissed me hungrily, his tongue entering my mouth and establishing dominance. Instinctually I leaned into the kiss, returning his intensity. It felt great. 

He pulled away and walked off to sit down on a couch. I have to admit, it wasn't the best feeling to realize I just kissed my brother. I had to remind myself that we weren't actually related, at least not in the way I was used to. My brothers were going to help me, so I needed to show them affection and gratitude. 

The next one approached. 

"My second son," Daddy said. 

This was the Asian guy fawning over me a minute ago. He was petite, and by far the most androgynous of the servants. With his curves and soft features, he could have passed for a woman if his cock wasn't out for all to see. 

"I'm Lee. It's great to meet you, sweetheart." He kissed me as well. 

"My third." 

This son was white like I was, but that's about where the similarities ended. He was of average height, and had the textbook bear body. He was covered in thick fur and tattoos, and while he was muscular, there was a substantial layer of padding as well. He had a bald head and a handsome, bearded face. 

"Sam," he said simply. "Gimme some sugar, baby!" 

This guy did not half-ass his kisses. His tongue took no prisoners. 

"My fourth and fifth sons were a package deal. They're basically joined at the hip." 

The two sons he was referring to had been making out continuously as they waited in line. They pulled apart, still holding hands. 

The pair were a study of contrast. One was tan, with sun-bleached hair and a body in full otter mode. He looked laid back and friendly. The other was a slim emo guy, with very pale skin and black hair that fell over his face. He had piercings and intense eyeliner, but a warm smile and kind eyes. While the same height (about 5'8"), in all other ways, they were opposites, conjuring images of the sun and moon. 

The surfer introduced himself as Paul, and the goth told me to call him Art. They simultaneously kissed my cheeks before each giving me a proper kiss on their own. It was almost humorous to see them lose interest in me afterwards and go right back to sucking each other's faces. They blindly fell on a couch, kissing and grinding. 

Daddy sighed quietly at the sight before addressing the last one, Zeke. 

"And finally, Ezekiel, my sixth. He was the youngest son before today." 

Zeke was striking in appearance, with a build notably different from the typical gay body stereotypes. He was lanky, so thin he would have looked unhealthy if he were much thinner. His hip bones poked out slightly and I could easily count his ribs. He reminded me of a scarecrow. The sixth son was a ginger, freckles spattering a majority of his otherwise light skin. I could see a crucifix tattooed on one of his wrists. He was tall, almost as tall as Ty. Like his brothers, his face was beautiful. 

"Pleasure to meet you, Cody," he told me. "Welcome." He had a southern accent that matched him perfectly. 

"It's the job of the second youngest to train the newest son, to tell him the rules of the house and the expectations I have for my slaves," Daddy explained. 

Zeke kissed me tenderly, sweetly. 

"I hope we can get along, little bro." 

I nodded eagerly. Zeke went off to an empty spot on one of the couches. 

"What do you think of your brothers, pet?" Master Ezra asked. 

"They're all great. I like them already." I made sure I was projecting so any of my brothers that were listening could hear me. 

"That's good, son. They'll be providing companionship during your thirteen years of servitude. Did you like their kisses?" 

"Yes, Daddy, very much so." 

"Well, now that you have that as a baseline, let me demonstrate the reaction you have to a kiss from your Master." 

He leaned in and Frenched me hungrily. 

My body started tingling. It hadn't felt this good when he kissed me before, had it? It felt like his tongue became much longer and more agile, twisting and contorting in my mouth in ways that reduced me to a whimpering pile of goo. The kiss went on for minutes, and it was like I no longer needed to breathe anything but his tongue. He kept going and the tingling intensified. I was warm, happy, positively drunk on Daddy's kisses. The feeling got better and better until— 

"Ah!" I squealed, come shooting out of my tiny cock. Master Ezra gave me one last tap before pulling back. 

He grinned smugly. "That is but a taste of what I can do to you, boy." 

I mewed quietly, trying to catch my breath. 

"Now lick your come up. You'll find it more satisfying than you'd expect." 

I obeyed, discovering that he was right. I never really enjoyed my own taste before, but now it was pleasantly sweet and salty. It was like a little treat. 

"I'm sure you can feel it filling you up, too. That's because I brought you that release." 

I nodded. Usually, orgasms make me tired, but now it had the opposite effect. I was energized, eager for more. 

He lifted me up and placed me down in front of his chair. He rose. 

"Go to Zeke to ask your questions and begin your training. You have six brothers to compete with, so work hard." 

He patted me on the head. 

"Now, who was next?" 

Lee piped up. 

"Me, Master!" 

Daddy nodded. 

"I must make my leave, pet. I'll see you soon." 

He left, Lee following closely behind. 

"Looks like I'll be showin' you the ropes, Cody." 

I turned to see Zeke at my side. He kissed my forehead. 

"Let's get started." 

***** 

Zeke was back in the outfit he was wearing when I first got to the house. 

"Our home is clothing optional," he explained. "We all handle it differently; I don't think I can remember the last time I saw Sam wear anything." 

He eyed me up and down. 

"I've had girls less pretty than you, boy." 

I blushed. 

"We'll get you clothes later. Follow me." 

He led me to what looked like a dining room, though by all accounts nobody living in the house would ever need it. He sat down and I took a seat in the chair next to him. 

"So, how are you feelin' about your new life?" 

"So far, it's great. Daddy is the most amazing creature I've ever seen." 

He chuckled. "Yep, Papa does that to all of us. I have to resist the urge to jump him every time he walks in the room." 

He put his hand on top of mine. 

"We each want him all the time, but we have a system: getting fucked by Ezra is done by reservation." 

I raised an eyebrow. 

"Just wait until he fucks you and you'll know why we'd all fight to the death otherwise. There are three or four sessions with Papa a day, and you have to schedule in advance, seeing him either alone or with some brothers." 

"You can do that?" 

"Sure can. Paul and Art almost exclusively go for threesomes." 

I remembered how they were all over each other whenever they weren't doing something else. 

"What's the deal with those two, Zeke?" 

He laughed. "According to Papa, he always has two sons that are created within days of each other. He found Paul and Art, who were married and wanted an open relationship. They can't fuck anymore, they need Papa, but they do what they can." 

"Daddy told me my body would reject the touch of anyone that wasn't him. What does that mean?" 

"Why don't you find out for yourself? Stand up, Cody." 

I got to my feet. 

"Think about Papa." 

He didn't need to tell me twice. I thought of Daddy's beautiful olive skin, his muscular arms and legs. I thought about how his long, thick cock felt, fucking me until I became his. My small dick grew slightly until it was fully erect. 

"Okay, now touch yourself. Try to get off." 

I did, and my cock deflated instantly. My hand felt cold and clammy, uncomfortable against my skin. 

"Damn..." I muttered. 

"Your body won't respond to anyone else. If you tried sucking a dick, eating pussy, or rimming, you'd gag. You'd be too soft to fuck anyone, and your ass won't let in any cock but Papa's." 

I pursed my lips. The entire day I'd been hornier, needier that I had ever been. All I wanted was Daddy. Now I was starting to get what he meant when he said I'd be competing with my brothers. 

"Your hole is essentially a pussy now, tailor made for him. That's all it's good for, but damn, is it good for it." 

I nodded. When Master was inside of me, it felt like I was completed, like the last piece of a puzzle. Now, my insides felt strangely hollow in a way they never felt in my past life. 

"He let us have kisses, but that's it." 

"Good to know." 

He walked up and gave me a warm kiss on the lips. 

"Us brothers kiss all the time. We use them the way you would normally use a handshake, or saying hi. It's how we connect, establish our brotherhood." 

I nodded again. 

He grabbed my hand. "Still, we need to get you in line for the real deal." 

He led me to yet another room in this giant house. I just knew I'd get lost here. We got to what looked more like a game room, or a man cave. Ty and Sam were playing video games. Ty was in jeans while Sam was still nude. 

"Hey, little baby. How's it going?" Sam called over teasingly. 

I blushed. 

"Oh, pay him no mind," Zeke said. "It's tradition to give the youngest servant a hard time. It happened to me, and it even happened to him back in the day." 

He brought us to a whiteboard that had a time table, like at a workplace. He wrote Cody and Zeke in the next available timeslot. I looked at the others. Lee was the most recently crossed out. Following it was Sam, Paul and Art, Ty, then finally our names. I looked at our time. 

"Tomorrow at 10 AM?" I asked incredulously. "I can't wait that long!" 

Zeke chuckled. "You're gonna need to learn some more patience, bro. Besides, it's not like you're cut off from Papa completely. He has shit to do during the day, and has a slave following him around nearly 24/7. Many of his chairs have no bottoms, if you catch my drift. We take what we can get." He winked at me. 

"Would you like some clothes, boy?" he asked. 

I nodded. 

He walked off and came back with some measuring tape. He used it to size my naked body. 

"Fuck, I'm probably gonna need child sizes..." he murmured. He wrote the measurements down and straightened up. 

"I'll go out later to get some clothes for you. In the meantime, follow me." 

He led me back to the den where I first met my brothers. Paul and Art were still there, though now clothed and cuddling instead of grinding. 

He took a seat and patted his lap. 

"Hop on." 

I did, and he held me lovingly. I decided that I really liked Zeke. He clearly took my initiation very seriously and put in effort to make me feel welcome. It was good to have a great older brother as well as a great Daddy. 

"Okay, Cody," he said. "I know you've got questions and it's my job to have answers. Fire away." 

I nodded. "How old is everybody?" 

"How old, as in their age when they were transformed, or how old are they as slaves?" 

"The second one." 

He counted them off on his fingers. "Ty turned 12 just last month, Lee is 9, Sam is 7, Paul and Art are both 4, I'm 2, and you're essentially 0. Add eighteen to those numbers to get our apparent ages." 

I did some mental math. All those numbers sounded right. 

"Does that mean Ty will die next year?" 

He nodded. "We all die someday, kid." 

I paused for a moment. Even with this new body, I wouldn't live forever. In fact, I had a set date of my death to haunt me for the next thirteen years. I tried to brush that thought away for the time being. 

"Who was the oldest brother that just passed?" 

He smiled sadly. "That was Seth. One hell of a guy. Hell of a lover, too, according to Ezra. He died a week ago." 

"What was he like?" 

"He was the nerdy type. Seth was kinda short, wore glasses, and read a lot. Still, he was cute, and really kind to all his brothers. He treated me well when I first came here." 

"What's some advice you'd give for pleasing Daddy?" 

He snorted. "It's harder than you'd think. Getting him off requires time and skill, and it takes longer the more intimate the sex. Hand jobs take about ten minutes, blowies maybe twenty-five, and anal takes nearly an hour, whether he's the one giving or receiving." 

My eyes widened. "Daddy bottoms?" 

"Yep, but only for his well-endowed servants. Right now, he would only let himself get fucked by Ty, Sam, or me." 

"Really?" 

He smiled proudly. 

"Darn tootin'. My dick is just like my body: skinny, but long." 

I looked down at my little tinker toy. I'd definitely not be pleasing my Master with a cock like that. I wasn't too bummed, though. 

"Anyway, the harder we'd have to work, the better the payoff. Licking his skin is like a light snack. Having him come in your pussy is like an eight-course meal." 

My mouth watered just thinking about it. 

"What's the sleeping arrangement?" 

Before he could answer, we heard muffled shrieking from the other side of the house. 

"OH, FUCK!! YES! YEEESSS!! AAAAAARRRGGH!!" 

"That's just Lee. He's a screamer. Anyway, what was the question? 

I repeated myself. 

"We all share a room, one with a bed that takes up most of the floor. Papa doesn't need to sleep, but he lets us all cuddle him in the bed for eight hours once a week. Actually, I'm pretty sure the next time is tomorrow night." 

I asked him some more questions, wanting to learn as much as I could about my new life. 
