 I returned to the man cave where the whiteboard was. Ty was gone and now Sam was alone, playing a first-person shooter and wearing only a headset. He was muttering to himself, immersed in his game. 

"C'mon...damn it..." 

I wanted to say hello, but felt that it was a bad time. I sat down on the couch next to him, waiting for him to get to a point where he didn't have to be so focused. 

He glanced over as I sat down, acknowledging my presence, but went back to playing the game and chatting with who I assumed was other people in his group. I was sitting there, zoning out a bit when he made me jump by screaming without warning. 

"YOU FUCKIN' ASS-FUCK!! YOU SHITTY DICK-HOLE FUCKER SON OF A CUNT! FUCK!!" 

His character died, and he had to wait for the next round to start. He turned to me. 

"Hey, pup. Sorry you had to hear that." 

I giggled nervously. "That's fine...I just wonder what your team thinks when you say stuff like that." 

He laughed. "Here's the trick, pup: my mic usually muted. I can hear them, but they can't hear me. It's better that way. Anyway, what's up?" 

"Zeke went out, so I wanted to talk to some of my other bros." I remembered what Zeke told me and leaned in, offering my mouth for a kiss. He accepted, passionately tounging my insides. 

After he pulled away he made me yelp in surprise by picking me up and putting my body on his naked lap. He ran his fingers through my hair. 

"Damn, I thought we were done with cute for a while after Seth died, but you're fucking adorable." 

"Thanks, Sam. You're really warm and cuddly." 

He nuzzled me. 

"The next round is starting soon. Would you like to stay for a little bit longer, pup?" 

"Sure." I settled more into his soft body. 

He played two more rounds of whatever game it was during the next thirty minutes. He won the next round and lost the one after that, and after both unleashed a surprisingly creative stream of profanity. 

He turned off the TV and gave me his full attention. 

"Anything you want to talk about?" 

"Well..." 

"Yes, little pup?" 

"Is...is it hard when you're just starting out around here? From what I could tell, all of you loved Seth, and I'm replacing him, and I don't know if I'll be good enough." I realized I had shared too much and wished I could take my words back. 

Thankfully, he kept smiling. 

"Pop wouldn't have picked you without a reason. You're here because you belong among us." 

I blushed. Still, I had a few worries. All of Daddy's sons were shorter than him (both in body and dick), but I was the tiniest, smallest one by a landslide. I wondered how I would stack up against a group of more experienced, sexier men. I chose my words carefully when I spoke. 

"I hope I'll be good enough for Daddy. I'm so much tinier than you all." 

Sam snorted. "Zeke worried about being too skinny. I worried about being too chubby. We all have insecurities, and we blow them out of proportion because we're so eager to please Pop. Don't worry about it, you'll do fine." 

"Really?" 

"Damn straight, pup. Let me tell you a secret about Ezra: he's kinky as fuck and doesn't discriminate. He made you a teeny-tiny little twink because he felt like having a teeny-tiny little twink as a servant." 

"Oh, okay..." I paused. "Does that mean he wanted a bear when he made you?" 

"Not quite. When I was your age I was just a cub. It took years for me to grow into the perfect bear you see before you now." He kissed me again, tickling my body. 

We sat in companionate silence for a few minutes. Eventually Sam spoke up. 

"You're getting hungry for Pop, aren't you?" 

I nodded. "That obvious, huh?" 

"Absolutely. What are you waiting for? Go find him and get some lovin'." 

"I don't wanna be pushy..." 

"If you're not pushy, Pop didn't make you correctly. Go get what you want." 

I smiled. "Thanks, Sam." 

He pecked my cheek. "Have fun, pup." 

***** 

Zeke had told me that one of the slave abilities is being able to discern the location of my Master. He was right; once I searched for it I felt a tell-tale pull that Ezra was putting off. 

I wandered the house until I sensed Daddy's presence from behind a closed door. I knocked, and heard Daddy's voice from the other side. 

"Come in." 

I walked in to what looked like a study and saw Master Ezra's hair over an arm chair facing away from the door. Once I walked to the other side of it, I made a surprised squeaking noise. 

Paul and Art were both worshipping Daddy's naked body with their mouths. Art was on the ground, licking and suckling his toes, while Paul was tongue-fucking his Master's navel. I had forgotten about them. Daddy was just sitting there with a book in his hands like nothing unusual was happening, although I suppose to him, this was routine. 

"Is something wrong, pet?" Daddy asked, half-mockingly. 

"Uh...no, Daddy, I just wasn't expecting..." I trailed off, my face burning. 

Art nudged Paul, and the two appeared to have a silent argument with their facial expressions. Art won, and they both kissed the head of Daddy's cock before they stood. 

"Thank you, Sir, for letting us enjoy your body." Paul said. 

"You two had your fill?" Daddy asked. 

"For now," Art said naughtily. 

They walked out, each giving my cheek a kiss on their way to the door. I thought that those two didn't care much about anyone besides Daddy or each other, but thanks to them I had Master Ezra all to myself. I made a mental note to thank them later. 

"How are you, Cody?" Daddy asked. 

"I'm good, Daddy, just missing you." 

He turned to look at a wall clock. 

"Well, I don't have anywhere to be for another hour, and the slaves that were tending to me just left." 

I stepped closer, practically panting. 

"Follow your instincts, pet. Enjoy yourself." 

I nodded and he returned to his reading before I let my new body lead me. 

I got on the ground and crawled to Daddy, cementing my position as submissive, lesser than him. I began by running my fingers through the fine hair darkening his muscular legs. My fingertips tingled at the contact. I rubbed my cheek against his calves, nuzzling against him. I felt like a starving animal, or a drug addict. All I wanted was more, more, more! 

I licked and kissed my way up his leg before getting to his crotch. I tasted his flaccid cock, which was salty and delicious. I buried my nose in his bush, riding the high the scent of my Daddy provided. 

After getting lost in his pubes for a bit I glanced up and saw his nipples, which looked absolutely scrumptious. I stuck out my tongue and tasted one. It was so sweet, so decadent! I couldn't get enough! I went at it with my mouth, licking, sucking and nibbling. After a minute or so, Daddy grunted and I felt the oddest thing happen. 

I experienced the sensation of a liquid flowing onto my tongue, something thick and creamy. I probed the inside of my mouth with my finger to discover that nothing was there. Even so, when I swallowed I imagined something filling and delectable flowing down my throat. I looked at Daddy in askance. 

"Whenever you pleasure me, my body rewards you," he explained when he saw my expression. "You knew that already." 

My eyes widened. Daddy was absolutely magical! I needed more of him! 

I nursed my Daddy's milk some more before eagerly exploring him, discovering and enjoying every taste and sensation Master Ezra's divine body gave me. After what seemed like only a few minutes, he pulled me off. I was so far gone at that point I could only whine pleadingly. 

"Your time is up, slave," he told me. "I have an appointment." 

What? No way had I been there an hour! Still, when I looked at the wall clock it backed up his story. I didn't want to be done yet, though. 

When I whimpered and reached out to him he narrowed his eyes. 

"You're testing my patience, boy." 

His harsh, rough voice made me yelp and turned my blood to ice. I couldn't move a muscle or breathe until he stood up and exited the room. 

Once he was gone, I collapsed to the floor, shaken from what had just happened. 

It reminded me of when Daddy transformed me. As he fucked me, my thoughts became less and less coherent. My world went into tunnel vision, and it got to the point where there was absolutely nothing but Daddy, not even myself. Right after that, I was gone, blacked out until I woke up in my new body. 

The idea was scary. As wonderful as my Daddy was, he was also very powerful and dangerous. I would have to be a little more careful in the future. I got up and wandered around, eventually sitting at the dining room I talked with Zeke in. I sat listlessly until somebody walked by. 

For a split-second I panicked, thinking it was a lady I didn't know, about to look over and see me nude, but then I realized it was just Lee in women's clothing. 

He turned and saw me. 

"Ooh, there's the baby!" 

He walked over and gave me a kiss before sitting next to me. 

I looked at my brother. He was wearing a blouse, skirt, and pink heels. He had silky smooth hair and enough femininity in his face and body to easily pass for a flat-chested female. 

I whistled. "You really do look like a woman." 

He grinned. "For a trap like me, that's the best compliment I could get, but I have mostly Master to thank for that." He had a voice more in line with the effeminate, stereotypically gay voice. 

He reached out and stroked my hair. "You are so fucking cute. Honestly, put you in a schoolgirl uniform and you could probably pass as well." 

I turned bright red. "I'm not...I'm not really into that, but...thanks?" 

He shrugged. "Oh, well. Can't blame a girl for trying." 

I tried to change the subject. "You sure sounded like you were having fun earlier." 

Lee smirked. "I had so much fun I probably won't need another hit for days. Veterans like me can make Master come in our pussies and mouths with ease. Someone as green as you would have to start small and work your way up. You'll want to get it right, too, because when he shoots in your body for the first time, you'll think you died and went to heaven." 

"Isn't it dangerous, though? I mean, all I did a few minutes ago is touch Daddy with my fingers and tongue and it turned me into a brainless animal. Couldn't you just...lose yourself?" 

He spread his hands. "That's why its best to start off small and build up gradually. You have thirteen years to enjoy Ezra, there's no big hurry. It's unwise to bite off more than you can chew too early on." 

"Has any slave ever...fallen over the edge?" 

"None that I ever knew. I think part of the reason why Master has so many sons is to guard against things like that." 

I nodded. "That sounds about right." 

He sighed. "Goddammit, Cody! Stop being so adorable! You're making me feel old." 

I half laughed, half awkwardly mumbled in response. 

I heard a door slam. Lee stood. 

"That's probably Zeke. It was nice talking to you, babe. See you later." He sauntered off, walking effortlessly in his pointy heels. 

***** 

Zeke had indeed returned, and he brought several shopping bags. 

"I was right, a lot of this is kid's clothing. Hope you like briefs!" 

I now had shorts, jeans, shirts, a hoodie, socks, sneakers, and yes, small, brightly colored briefs. 

"How much did this cost, Zeke?" 

"Don't worry about it; it's my treat." 

"Absolutely not. I'm paying you back for this." 

"Nope! You're just gonna have to be in my debt forever." He smirked. 

We walked to a room with a mirror and I put on some of my new clothes: a polo, shorts, and sneakers. I looked at myself. 

"I look like a little boy," I said. 

"I'm pretty sure that's what Papa had in mind, dude." 

I had a nice evening, hanging out with Zeke and some other slaves. I was able to properly thank Art and Paul, as well as have a conversation with them. They had personalities as disparate as their appearances: Paul was carefree, talkative, and a little full of himself while Art was more of a worrier, as well as quieter and more humble. 

"So you two were born at about the same time?" I asked. 

"Yep," said Paul. "Though I'm three days older." 

"That still doesn't matter, Paul," Art sighed. 

"And I'll still keep reminding you anyway, Art." He leaned in and kissed his partner. 

Apparently, they were both trained by Sam, and later both trained Zeke. 

"Good thing, too," he said. "They're pretty much useless separately." 

Eventually it was time for sleep. The bed us sons would all share was gigantic, probably a 15-foot square on the ground, with a dozen pillows. A few brothers were there already when I walked in. I was wearing nothing but a t-shirt far too big for me, a hand-me-down from Zeke. Ty looked up at me when I entered our bedroom. 

"Cody, come here." 

I walked over. Ty was naked except for a bright white jock strap. 

"You're sleeping with me tonight." He phrased that as a statement, not a request. 

I got down and he grabbed my body, pulling me right up against him so he could spoon me. He tilted my head to give me a kiss before getting comfortable. It felt a little strange at first. Ty was the brother I knew the least at that point, and he was just an intimidating person anyway. Still, his size and strength made me feel fully protected when he held me, almost like being held by Daddy. I started to relax, feeling his strong heartbeat on my back. 

Zeke wasn't happy when he walked in a minute later. 

"No fair, Ty! I wanted to cuddle with him." 

"Tough shit." 

He grumbled, but relented. I guess Ty just had seniority. 

The large man snuggled me tighter against him as his breathing got steadier. What did he think of his newest brother? It occurred to me that Ty would had to have known and lived with 12 other servants over the course of his second life, me being the last one. It was odd and a little sad to think about. 

Stop being so morbid! I scolded myself. You should be ecstatic! 

That was true. In 24 hours I went from a lonely man on the wrong side of his middle age to a cute little twink that lived in a mansion and had all the sex he could ever want. I had thirteen years, so I wanted to make the most of it. 

I allowed myself to relax in Ty's arms, slowly slipping away on my new bed with my new family. 

***** 

Zeke and I stood in front of the door that led to what my brothers simply referred to as "the fuck room." We were both nude, and I was nervous as hell. 

I heard Daddy's voice from the other side of the door. 

"Come in, boys." 

We entered, and I saw the inside of the fuck room. 

It was small, the only furniture a bed and a cabinet that I assume contained all sorts of kinky goodies. There were no windows, and the only light was coming from an overhead lamp that bathed everything in a warm, slightly dim glow, like candlelight. 

Daddy was waiting on the bed, gloriously nude and waiting for us. I had to remind myself that Zeke and I had a plan and I couldn't just rush forward, guns blazing. 

That morning Zeke spoke to me in private. 

"We're fucking Papa today, so it's best to have a strategy." 

"Really? Why would we need a game plan?" 

"It's not as simple as it sounds. We need to make this as pleasurable as we can for him. The more he likes it, the more reward we get. Papa likes it when his sons come in with a game plan. That way he doesn't have to think, just fuck." 

My brother and I went to the bed and lay on either side of Daddy. 

"Okay, Zeke, it's time for you to show me how well you've been teaching your new brother." 

Zeke nodded. "Yes, Papa." 

He turned to look at me and we began the strategy we'd spent most of the morning devising. 

Both of us got down lower and each sucked on a nipple, getting some milk like I was able to the day before. While we did so, Master Ezra lay his hands on us both, stroking our bodies. His hand kneading my butt cheek was like an electric shock that pumped me with energy. I suckled his nipple with renewed enthusiasm, enjoying the milk of my Daddy. 

Zeke moved and I moved with him. He started giving Daddy a hand job and I presented my mouth to him. He shoved his tongue down my throat, making me moan. Now I was sure that Ezra had a longer and more prehensile tongue than any man. It also felt like it might have a forked tip, but I also might have just taken the word demon and ran with it in my head. 

I submitted to Daddy, whimpering and moaning helplessly as his tongue fucked my mouth over and over. My body was tingling from the inside out. I felt like my senses were heightened, like colors were brighter and sounds clearer. Daddy really was like a drug, a drug that I was hopelessly addicted to. 

We moved on to the grand finale, Zeke sucking Master's cock while I turned around to lay on his stomach and play with his giant nuts. My brother said that if I was lucky, Daddy would eat me out with me in this position. A few moments later I discovered that today was my lucky day. His long tongue assaulted my hole, and my boy pussy slowly bloomed open at his touch. Warmth flooded me at the slightest touch of Daddy's tongue on my anus. 

Zeke had finished licking the head and foreskin of his Papa's cock and proceeded to bob his head up and down on the giant member. He had told me about a special technique for oral all of Daddy's slaves had, but I didn't really believe him until I saw him do it himself. The viewing angle wasn't great, but I could see his jaw open wider and wider to accept Daddy's length and girth, until it unhinged like a snake, allowing him to push forward until his nose rested against Master Ezra's pubes. All twelve inches were down his throat. He had to adjust his position so that he could move his body forward and backward, neck straight. 

Fuck, I need to learn how to do that. 

Zeke deep-throated Daddy as I fondled his balls. Ezra's tongue continued to rim my hole, and I was starting it tremble from the pleasure it was giving me. When his wet tongue stabbed inside me, I squealed and shot a load all over Daddy's chest. 

"Oh, thank you so much Daddy!" 

I licked up my come, enjoying how the taste of myself mixed with the taste of Daddy's skin. 

As Zeke swallowed Master's cock over and over, I used my hand to help along. As he withdrew he would lick the head as I'd stroke the base of his penis, needing to wrap around it with both hands. As he plunged all the way back down, I tickled and jostled his testicles with my fingers. Once we got into a rhythm we were like a machine, efficiently giving Daddy as much pleasure as possible. 

"Oh fuck...yes..." he grunted. I smiled, proud of how happy Daddy was. 

After some time, I felt his balls lift up, and I gave Zeke the signal. He pulled off with a satisfying pop and used his hands to push his jaw back into place. Each of us using both hands, we stroked Daddy's cock, slowly increasing in tempo. Precome started dribbling from his slit like a faucet, each of us licking it up as it flowed. 

"I'm coming, boys," Daddy said. "I'm proud of you both." 

I almost came again just from hearing him say that. 

Master Ezra let out a groan that got louder, louder, louder— 

It peaked in a sharp roar as he came, release shooting out of him like a firehose. The first shot went at least three feet in the air before splattering on the bed. Thick white semen pumped out of him over and over, coating our hands and his groin. It just kept coming, pulsing out of him a dozen times until slowing to a trickle and stopping. 

"That was exquisite," Daddy breathed. "Enjoy the fruits of your labor, you earned it." 

Zeke grinned. "Try a taste, Cody." 

I touched my tongue to the come on my hand and my eyes widened. Words cannot describe how perfect it tasted. It was better than every delicious food I'd ever eaten put together. It was like nectar from the gods. 
