 I had been living as a servant for about two weeks when Daddy rounded us all up to give us some news. 

"Clear up your schedules for Thursday evening, boys, Naamah is coming to visit." 

A few of my brothers groaned or sighed. 

"Yes, yes, I know that some of you don't care for her very much, but what you think matters little to me and absolutely nothing to her." 

He went off and I turned to Zeke. 

"Who's Naamah?" 

"One of Papa's friends. Whatever he is, she's one of them, too. She comes over to chat with him every few months or so." 

"Why do some of our brothers not like her?" 

"That's kind of a long answer. I think it's best if you see for yourself." 

A few days later, the evening arrived. Daddy pulled me over for a quick talk. 

"You are to treat any order from Naamah as if it were an order from me. You will not speak unless spoken to and always be eager to serve us both. I've known her for quite a while." he leaned a little bit closer. "If you embarrass me in front of my companion, I will be very upset." 

It was a rather milquetoast choice of words, but his expression and tone of voice chilled me to the bone. I was shaking. 

"Y-yes, Daddy. I p-promise I'll be a good boy." 

He patted me on the head. 

"I expect nothing less. Now, go to Zeke and get changed." 

All my brothers were getting ready, and each was wearing the exact same thing: absolutely nothing but a black spiked collar and matching cuffs. 

Zeke got some tiny ones that would fit me and I looked at myself in the mirror. I could see my face turn red as I saw my look for the evening. I was indeed a sex slave, but it had been the first time that I fully looked the part. I had to be careful with my movements, adjusting my posture so the sharp spikes wouldn't stab me. 

We all stood at attention in the foyer of the mansion. Daddy walked up, and I was surprised to see that he was fully clothed in a tuxedo. I had seen him nude all the time since the evening he had changed me, so this wouldn't have been a glamour: it was a real suit, possibly one he owned solely for occasions such as this. 

I looked at the rest of the slaves, and their demeanors were all very serious. Art and Paul were next to each other, but not even touching, which was rare. Nobody was smiling. 

I heard the doorbell ring, and Daddy opened the door for his friend. 

"Good evening, Naamah. I hope you're doing well." 

"I am, Ezra. Its nice to see you again," a rich female voice answered. 

Naamah walked in and I was able to get a good look at her. 

Women had never been my thing, but it was not lost on me that she was absolutely stunning. She had long, wavy blonde hair that complimented her white skin and fell elegantly over her body. Her eyes were a deep, dark blue. She was wearing a red dress that was modest, but still displayed her ample curves. At first, I thought that she was tall, almost six feet, but then I realized that she was just wearing red stilettos that matched her dress. Those things had to be at least six inches, so pointy and uncomfortable looking I don't even think Lee would want to wear them, but she stood and walked in them perfectly. Her look was rather understated. She had minimal makeup, and nails that were long and manicured, but not polished. She displayed effortless beauty. Naamah was a femme fatale, and I could tell that straight men would go apeshit over her. 

Daddy shook hands with his guest. 

"So, Ezra, it's my understanding that you've acquired some new furniture," 

"Indeed, I picked it up not too long ago. Would you like to see?" 

Sort of a boring thing to discuss, I thought. But then her sharp gaze pointed in my direction and I realized that they were talking about me. 

She walked up, her heels making a clicking noise against the floor. Her hand reached forward and roughly grabbed my chin, her long nails digging into me slightly. She examined me, turning my face around like I was a doll. 

"This one is certainly small. Is it even good for anything?" 

"Yes, I have fun with this new accessory." 

They were talking about me not only like I wasn't listening, but like I wasn't even a person, just an object. I didn't like how it made me feel, but I respected Daddy's wishes and kept quiet. 

"Such a tiny creature would hardly be worth it as a snack to me," she said. 

"That's where we differ. I want to eat it up every time I look at it." Daddy replied. 

The two of them went to a different room of the house, a cozy parlor with armchairs and a fire place we made sure had been blazing strongly before she arrived. My brothers and I all followed silently. 

They each sat down. A few slaves got a bottle and some glasses from a cabinet and poured garnet-colored liquid out for Ezra and Naamah. It looked like wine, but considering what those two were, it could have also been any number of other things. 

Naamah settled into her chair and turned her eyes to me. I felt the blood drain from my face. 

"What is your name?" 

I gulped and replied how I was told to. 

"Cody, Lady Naamah." 

She tilted her head just a little. 

"Well, Cody, tonight will be a treat for you. You have the honor of being what I'll rest my feet on this evening." 

I nodded. "Yes, ma'am. Thank you, Lady Naamah." 

I padded over to her chair and got down. I was on my hands and knees, sitting submissively in front of her. She raised her feet and planted them down on my back with no care for how forcefully she was doing so. Her long heels were sharp, poking uncomfortably into my skin. 

"Ah, I suppose this furniture has some use after all." 

I remained quiet and as still as I could. She and Daddy started talking with each other, in a language I didn't understand. I could only speak English, but it didn't sound like any language I had ever heard of. Most likely it was a tongue of their kind, and they used it so we couldn't listen in on whatever it was they were discussing. 

The rest of Daddy's servants did what they could as the two demons talked: refilling their glasses, holding them when they weren't in use, tending to the fire, and fetching various things for them. The whole time I was still, needing to be silent. I tried to listen to Ezra and Naamah. I couldn't decipher any of the words, but their tones were informal and comfortable as they talked. They laughed and chatted and smiled. It was apparent that these two were long-time friends. 

They conversed for hours, and I was getting tired. My arms started shaking from the strain of holding the weight up, and it seemed that every slight movement of mine resulted in her stilettos poking into me. Still, they did eventually wrap things up. Once they stood, I could hardly get to my feet. We all went to the lobby as Daddy said his goodbyes and Naamah left. After she was gone for a sufficient length of time my brothers started to relax, talking and laughing the way they normally did. I couldn't do much besides find a place to sit down. 

I took off my bindings and Zeke came up. 

"Alright, bro, what did you think of Naamah?" 

I tried to think about the situation objectively. 

"She's really scary...but in a lot of ways, Daddy is pretty scary, too." 

He nodded. "For a demon he's fair in his treatment of us, but every time she comes over I'm harshly reminded of what exactly I signed up for. I wouldn't be surprised if that was Papa's intention, too." 

"Do you think she has slaves of her own?" 

"Probably, though I think it's a little different from how it is around here. Considering how she treats us and what Master Ezra makes us wear when she visits, I'm guessing she's more of a Dominatrix." 

That was an unpleasant thing for me to think about, but I supposed that what I did every day was unsightly for most people, too. 

Zeke held out his hand. 

"C'mon, Cody. Let's get some sleep." 

***** 

I had been living with my Daddy for almost three months. I was standing, trembling, in front of the door to the fuck room. 

Today was the day I would finally ask Daddy to fuck me. Until then, I would pleasure him in other ways, either alone or with one or more of my brothers. I had sucked Daddy's cock and made him come in my mouth multiple times at that point. I got the technique down over the weeks, and now I was able to dislocate my jaw and swallow Daddy's wonderful dick whole. When he came down my throat, I would get so happy I would cry. My entire body would vibrate in pleasure. It was completely euphoric, but I wanted more. I wanted Daddy's cock in my pussy. 

I asked all my brothers for advice beforehand, so I could avoid embarrassing myself. They each gave me pointers and I felt that I was reasonably prepared for what was coming. 

"Come in," Daddy's voice said. 

I swallowed and entered the fuck room. No matter how many times it happened, I would never be able to prepare for the lust that would overtake me upon seeing his body laid out. I think I started drooling. 

I got on my hands and knees and crawled over, getting on the bed. I curled into his arms, trying to make my already tiny body even smaller. 

"Hello, Daddy." 

"Hello, son." 

I didn't even need to present my mouth to him. He took without asking, shoving his masterful tongue in my mouth and ravaging me. He turned us over so his gigantic body was over mine. I whimpered and squirmed slightly like I knew Daddy liked. 

After some aggressive French kissing, he moved on to my neck. The first time he gave me a hickey, I came twice, and wore it like a badge of honor for the next few days. He licked and sucked on my neck. He got to a spot right under my ear, and when he bit down I almost came undone. I breathed heavily, trying to think in what could be recognized as words. I asked the question I had wanted to ask for so long. 

"Daddy...please...would you please fuck me?" 

He nibbled on my ear and I moaned. 

"Hmmm...I suppose you have been a good little slave," he purred. 

I nodded eagerly. 

"You give decent head, and eat me out well enough." 

I nodded again, now whimpering. At that point I would have probably sold my soul if I was told that it would get Daddy to fuck me. 

"And I do like how you turn into a mewling little whelp before my body. Still, I'm not sure if you can handle my cock in your ass just yet..." 

I shook my head violently. 

"No, no, Daddy, I can handle it! I promise! Please, Daddy! Please, please fuck me!" I was crying now, begging with everything I had. 

Master Ezra pulled back and used his agile tongue to lick up my tears. 

"I suppose it's rather difficult to say no to a creature as cute as yourself." 

I keened and nodded my head. 

"Very well. You've been a good boy, so I'll fuck you." 

I cried again. "Thank you, Daddy! Thank you so much!" 

He picked me up and adjusted my position. I made my body completely pliant. I was Daddy's object to use as he wished. 

I was on my stomach, legs spread. He put all his weight on top of me. He rubbed his god-like cock between my buttocks. He didn't penetrate, just grinded against me. I got desperate before long. 

"Please, Daddy! I need you to fuck me! I'll do anything! Anything!" 

"Oh-ho, such an eager little puppy you are." 

After some more friction licked my nape and I screamed. 

"DADDY! FUCK ME WITH YOUR BIG, PERFECT COCK! TAKE ME! FUCK ME!" I had lost all control. 

He stopped torturing me and placed his head at my entrance. 

"As you wish, child." 

His cock slid effortlessly into my channel. It was a snug fit, tight, but not tight enough to be uncomfortable. It fit perfectly. He pushed in to the hilt and I moaned so loud I almost screamed. The entire inside of my passage felt like a g-spot. Every cell in my body lit up. I cried in pleasure. 

"Oh, Daddy, thank you so much! You're perfect! Thank you!" 

He kissed my cheek. 

"Enjoy the feeling, pet. This is why you were created." 

I nodded and eagerly pushed back against him, hungry for more stimulation. 

He started to fuck me, gently at first, but building up to fast and rough. He'd pull his dick almost the entire way out, then slam it into me, our flesh slapping together. 

As much as I wanted to not think about anything except for Daddy's cock, a part of me remembered what my brothers told me. I moved with him, raising and twisting my hips. Occasionally I gripped his member with my insides, often eliciting a moan. 

After maybe ten minutes of heaven, he flipped us over and spun me around so I could ride him. Eagerly, I moved my body up and down, fucking myself on his horse cock. I made all the cute little noises I knew Daddy loved so much as I felt my body climb up to orgasm. I shot, my come landing on his chest. Still riding him, I got down to lick my release. When I was done I moved my attention to his nipple, suckling it and being rewarded with Daddy's milk. 

"That's such a good little boy! Who does the little boy love?" 

I answered automatically. 

"I love my Daddy!" 

After I had shot a second time he flipped us over again. I was folded in half and he fucked me in missionary position, the same one he used when he created me. 

"I like your enthusiasm, pet, but be a good boy and be still now. Let Daddy use you." 

"Of course, Daddy! I'm yours!" 

He pounded into me with renewed force and I felt myself surrender to him. I tried my best to keep my thoughts coherent, stay mentally present, but it was difficult. Daddy's cock worked wonders to push all thought out of me. 

I had already come again and was working on another orgasm when he moved even faster. 

"I'm about to come, son." 

"Yes, Daddy! Give me your seed!" 

He kept fucking me and I felt his cock grow even bigger. He shot, and I came so hard I thought for the briefest moment that I had a heart attack. His seed poured into me and I came without interruption. I screamed at the top of my lungs. It was a pleasure I couldn't even imagine being possible. After what simultaneously felt like ten minutes and only a few seconds, both of our orgasms ended. I was completely exhausted, but still mustered up the strength to give him a kiss. 

"Thank you, Daddy." 

He smiled, but didn't reply. He pulled out of me, one last shot of bliss filling my wrecked body. 

I was expecting his seed to pour out, but I guess my pussy absorbed it, because nothing happened. All I wanted to do was sleep, but I knew that this wasn't the place for that. I got to my feet and thanked Daddy one more time before I left. 

***** 

Time passed until I had been living with Daddy and my brothers for nearly a year. I started to dread the passage of time, because I knew that we were approaching the day of Ty's death. Not only did I love my eldest brother and would miss him dearly, but his inevitable passing also served as a reminder to my own mortality, the demise I would face after twelve more years. 

Eventually, the day arrived. Ty was to die at the stroke of midnight. We all did what we could to make the day great for him; we talked and laughed with him, and even ignored our own urges to let him have as much of Daddy as he wanted. 

Still, time waits for no man, and the day drew to a close. All of us were gathered in the mansion's main den, save for Master Ezra. Ty was a man of few words, so he didn't exactly give us a speech. He just kissed us each in turn and spoke two sentences to us. 

"I love you all. Goodbye, brothers." 

A few seconds later, Ezra walked in. He was wearing a suit now. Ty was nude. Daddy held out his hand, and Ty fearlessly stepped forward to take it. He looked at us all one last time, nodding before letting Master Ezra take him away. 

"Where are they going?" I asked Zeke quietly. 

"To the fuck room. Papa always takes the son there to die. There's never a body, so we think he devours it after the soul leaves." 

I cried at the thought and he hugged me. 

Minutes crept by in silence. I tried the best that I could to not imagine what was happening to my big brother. 

The grandfather clock in the den, the very accurate clock all others in the house were set to, struck midnight and let out a low chime. 

Ty was gone. 

I fell to my knees and sobbed. I wasn't the only one crying, but my reaction was definitely the most intense. Thankfully, nobody tried to tell me it was okay, they just stayed close and comforted me with their presence as I let my breakdown run its course. 

It wasn't long after my final tears had dried that Ezra reentered the room. He didn't say anything, just looked at us and went off to somewhere else in the house. 

After a few minutes, we scattered, trickling off to do something or just go to bed. 

That is, except for me. For almost an hour more I just remained at the spot I was in, thinking about what had happened, and what would happen in the future. 

***** 

Exactly seven days later, when Ezra thought we had sufficient opportunity to mourn, he went out, which would rarely happen. He was going off to downtown so he could find his next son. 

The entire evening and night I was restless, excited but also anxious about the new brother he would be bringing back. 

The following morning the six of us waited in the lobby for Daddy to return with his next slave. I was anxious and it showed. 

"Relax, bro," Zeke told me. 

"I'm sorry for panicking, but I've just never been through this before." 

After a wait that felt like an eternity, I could sense Daddy arrive. 

Lee got to the door and opened it for him, all of us greeting and kissing our Master. 

At long last, Daddy went to the porch and came back with my newly reborn younger brother. As he entered the room, I saw what he looked like. 

This one was a Latino. Like most of us, he was on the short side, maybe five and a half feet, but he was hot. His naked body was athletic, and his color was beautiful. He had dark hair that was curly and shoulder length. His eyes were coffee brown and he had a thin, messy beard. He looked nervously around the room. 

"Sons, meet your brother, Isaac." 

We greeted the newest servant. I had powerful déjà vu to my first day, which felt like a decade prior but was less than a year ago. 

Emotion flooded through me. Against my will, I started crying at the sight of the first man I would be an older brother to. 

Daddy turned to address Isaac directly. "Follow me, son. You should get better acquainted with your new brothers." 

Isaac nodded. "Yes, Papi." 

Once again, I was reminded of my first day as they sat in the chair at the head of the den and the rest of us stripped before getting in line. It was organized by age, so I was last. I was nervous the whole time. After far too long it was finally my turn. 

"Lastly is my sixth son, Cody. He will be the one training you." 

Isaac said hello. 

I walked up and gave him the most tender, affectionate kiss I could. 

Still cupping his face, I looked him in the eye and smiled. 

"Hello, Isaac." I said. "Welcome to the family."