 Work was a bit like foreplay for me. I saw Matt around a bit, granted I kept an eye out for him, and made my way to go by his desk a few times. Matt was a bit on the short side. Nothing major, just a little below average. He had some significant pecs. Very prominent in the shirts he wore. He had a great ass, and that ass was accented by his boots. Like all real cowboy boots, they had a bit of a heel, so his butt was emphasized. All very nice. Another aspect I was looking forward to was unwrapping his tight jeans so I could get to what caused a very admirable bulge in the front. Unlike too many hot men, he wore jeans that left no doubt that he was packing some serious meat. 

I had dreamed of Matt sucking me off, and knowing he would be doing it later that day gave me a wonderful feeling of anticipation. At some point, I actually sat at my desk and tried to do some breathing exercises to get a bit of control over myself. I don't actually know any breathing exercises, but I was able to get my focus under control enough to get through the day. 

When I made it home, I fell onto the sofa. Genie appeared. "You're really looking forward to this this one, aren't you Master?"

"Yeah. Bill was great. But he's just a guy who tickled my fancy. Nice to look at, but Matt is damn sexy. I had to work to keep under control today." I told him. 

"Really?" Genie asked.

"Yeah. I'm hoping he'll be available early. When you get him, I want him silent and still. I'll move him as I want. At least in the beginning. I want to explore him."

"Yes, Master." Genie gazed into a distance beyond the walls. I knew he was checking. "Master is lucky, Matt is home, alone, and without plans. He's all yours." Genie gestured and Matt was standing there. 

I got up and walked around his unmoving form. He was breathing, but standing stock still. I would be able to do anything I wanted to him. I could openly stare at him, something I couldn't do at work. I really drank everything in. He worked out, you could tell. In addition to the pecs, ass and bulge, I could see his biceps under his sleeves. 

Standing face to face with him, I put my hands on his chest and got a good feel of his pecs. Solid. I expected that. They felt good. Good pecs are always a great thing for a man, and even better for the man who got to put his hands on them. I slid down and back to grip his ass. Firm buns on him. I kneaded them a bit. Wonderful to finally have them in my hands. I enjoyed them for a few minutes. 

His being silent was a turn on. A hot man who was under my thumb, doing anything I wanted. Or nothing, as the case was. With a bit of trepidation, I reached to his crotch. I had wanted to feel it up for quite a while, and this was my chance. 

Ooooohhhh, yes. So nice. I could feel his cock and balls under the fabric. They started to stir as I squeezed gently. How often had I wanted to get my hands on it. Now it was all mine. As often as you see a guy with an obvious package out on the street, it was great to be able actually get out and touch it. I was living two fantasies, Matt and feeling up a big bulge in pants. Genie was the best thing to ever happen to me. 

His cock responded to my touch, obviously getting harder under my fingers. I continued to massage it. I looked at his crotch. I'd never seen him hard under it before, and it pushed against the fabric. He had some nice thickness. 

I brought my hands up the top of his shirt and began to unbutton it. More and more of his chest appeared, I brushed my hands to widen the amount of skin shown. He had an impressive torso, and I pulled the shirt off him. Damn, he looked good shirtless. Just as I had imagined. I ran my hands over his pecs and abs. I had wanted to do this for so long. It was electric getting to actually do it. 

I took his belt off, dropping it to the floor. With a quick rub over his dick, I undid the button at the top of his jeans. Then I pulled the zipper down. My hands went over his hips, under his pants and I pushed them down. Shit. He still had his boots on. I moved him over to the sofa, arranging him to sit. I pulled the boots and socks off. The jeans came off. He was there just in a pair of boxers. His dick was still hard. A great sight to see it pushing out and tenting. I stood him up, lightly feeling over his body. I took a deep breath. Now it was time, I slipped his boxers down. His cock sprang up and bounced. It was beautiful. He had a good set of pubes. I always liked that better than the shaved looked, and I would have been surprised if he were bare. I ran my hand through it. The wiry texture on my fingers. 

My hand reached around the base of his dick, pulling slowly down to the head. I ran my finger over his piss slit. I took my fingers around the edge of the crown of his cock, gently pushing in and out. 

He was mine to do anything I wanted with. I held his shaft in one hand and used a finger to run around the edge of his cockhead. I continued my finger down the bottom of his cock, when I got to the balls, I cupped them, rolling them around in my hand. Nice and full, the skin drooping over. I took my other hand and felt his ass. 

I had wanted to get my hands on him like this for so long, and now I was. His body was under my hands, and his dick was hard and I stroked it. This was a dream come true. Genie was so good for me. This was the second man I knew that he had gotten for me. You can beat off to guys all you want, nothing is like getting them in bed. 

I knelt down before him, getting a good close up to his dick. Nice and veiny, it was pulsing slightly. Big cocks are always great, and I did a few strokes, watching the silky skin move up and down on the hardness under it. So very nice. I put my tongue out and licked just the tip. Nice taste and felt nice. I moved my lips to engulf the head, running my tongue around the crown in my mouth. I'm sure I got a bit of pre-cum. I took in more, moving my lips and tongue. 

Everyone wants to suck a big dick, and here I was doing it. Well, again. I'd had a lot of big dicks lately. This was one I had wanted for a while. That's all the better. I'm always amazed at how soft cock skin feels over the hardness under it. How it can grow and get bigger. How the firmness relates to the excitement the man is feeling. Genie had given me the power to deepthroat big cocks, and I did, making it all the way to his pubes. It was thrilling to have a man I'd wanted so long. Mmmmmm. My hand was caressing his balls. He remained still. Just as I wanted him. 

I savored his cock for a while, slowly taking it into my mouth and letting it out. It was so nice to just have it. If you like dick, giving a slow blow is marvelous, the only downside being the guy thrusting or getting really hot and wanting to shoot off. That wasn't a possibility right now, he was frozen by Genie's magic and I was able to just cherish my time. I hummed a bit over his cock, leaving it deep in my throat and massaging it. I'm sure he could feel it, he just couldn't move. 

When my lungs demanded air, I pulled back and went to lick his balls. Putting my head under his legs, I tongued them deep and they fell over my chin and nose. I could feel his nuts rolling about as my tongue moved and I gained a better appreciation for their size. I pulled back and used my hand to gently bat them a bit, making them swing. I didn't try to hurt him, just get them to move. Swinging balls, giving a nice arch. His dick bounced. I stared at his impressive junk and smiled. I licked around the head, my tongue flat and providing a lot of contact. I could taste his pre-cum. Sweet. I swallowed it. 

I leaned back and admired his nude form. I stood up, bringing my hands back up to his chest. "You can move now, kiss me."

Matt animated, angling in to put his lips on mine. His tongue came into my mouth, and his arms wrapped around me, pressing his great chest and his big cock into me. One of his hands came up to the back of my head. He was kissing me with a lot of passion. I was feeling up his ass. I let him kiss me a while, enjoying it so much. 

I broke the kiss. "Blow me." I said. He pushed me onto the sofa, and I fell on it. He rushed to get my pants off, pulling them down and getting onto my hard dick. He was surprisingly good at it. Bill had been as well. I wondered if Genie was giving them sucking skills. If so, there were going to be more men running around with the ability to give a great blow job. Who knows, they might get some use out of it without me. Funny thought, but it turned me on. 

Matt was concentrating on my dickhead, really driving me wild. I looked at him, and he looked up at me, grinning as he nursed on my crown. My fingernails ripped across the fabric of the couch, I groaned in pleasure. Matt had a mouth on him. Eyes locked to mine, he plunged down to bury my cock in his throat, which seemed to gag around my shaft. That felt so good. Every inch of my cock was wrapped in something. Matt's back was raising up and down like he was working to keep my dick buried and giving me what was like a background wave to go with what his tongue and throat were doing. 

Suddenly, he pulled off, throwing his head back and taking a big, noisy gasp. "Love sucking your dick man." He licked up and down my shaft; long licks, sensuous. He went and bobbed up and down on my cock. Then he deepthroated me again, slowing up and down. All the way in, all the way out. Felt so fucking good. 

He leaned back, onto his haunches, gazing into my eyes. He grabbed my manhood and started pumping it furiously. He got a firm grip on my balls, not painful, but serious. He was really working me over. It was intense, gripping like his life depended on it. I saw that he was still fully hard, his cock waving at me from between his legs. 

He was working hard to get me off and to get me off now. I let out another groan. It all felt so fucking good. He kept up looking me straight in the eyes and his hands never lessened their efforts. I took a deep breath, I was so close.

"No you don't." He let go. I gasped as my cock and balls suddenly had nothing touching them. He got up, standing over me, and bending down to plant another kiss on my lips. He felt up my chest, opening my shirt, twisting my nipples. I planted my hands on his pecs and kneaded them. The closeness of my orgasm backed off, and he climbed over me, his knees on either side of me, moving his ass up and down as my cock went along his crack, teasing his hole.

One of his hands reached behind him and he sought for and found my cock. He guided it to his hole, lining it up and pushing back, the top of my cock sliding in. He moaned into my mouth, flicked his tongue against mine and pulled out of the kiss. Staring at me from above, he pushed down, forcing my dick into his hole. Matt let out a sigh as he took me in his ass. Had he done this before? He didn't stop until I was all the way in him. Rather than rising up, he moved his ass around, grinding into me. 

Matt's dick was poking up between us, leaking a respectable about of pre-cum. Never taking his eyes off me, he moved a finger to the tip of his cock and scooped a bit up, bringing it to his lips and sucking it off. He licked his lips and came in for a kiss. I returned it, and he was still grinding on my pelvis. 

Matt finished the kiss, and his hands were behind my head. I felt his thumbs move up and down. He started to ride up and down on my cock in the same rhythm. Slowly up, slowly down. The muscles of his legs doing all the work as I just lay there. He was fucking himself on my pole, making sounds of pure enjoyment. 

I just watched him for a bit, his impressive chest rising and falling in front of me. I could see his dick bouncing around in response to his almost agonizing movement on my fuck stick. He sped up, and I moved my fingers to pinch his nipples. He let out a gasp and I felt his sphincter clamp down, making him tighter than before. I continued to work on his nips and his bouncing became more rapid. He must really like his tits played with, as his moaning had become more intense. I guess if I had a chest like that I'd want men to work it as well. 

I could hear his butt hitting my thighs, feeling that as well. I had found his magic buttons and it was driving him crazy. He moved faster, "I'm so fucking close, I'm going to cum too big." He said, almost sounding desperate.

"Do it man, shoot it." I said back to him, as I grabbed his cock and stroked him firmly.

Aaarrrggghhhhhh!" Matt yelled, shooting his cum high, landing on my thighs and leaning back. His hips bucked as he finished cumming, shivering throughout his body. Matt pulled himself to me, resting his head on my shoulder. "So fucking good. So fucking, fucking good." He whispered, took a quick break, then ground his hips, "Got to get you off, lemme get you off." He rose up a bit, fucking himself on my pole. Matt's cock was red and a bit deflated. 

I grabbed his sides, starting to control his movement, and moving him to the side. "This way, I'm going to fuck you." I rolled him to his stomach on the couch, getting over him and sliding my dick into his hole. It slipped in easily and I started to fuck him hard. It didn't take me long to get to the edge, and I pushed over it and came into him, deep in his ass. I rested on his back, laying all over him, my cock still in him. 

"I like your cock in me, I can really feel it there. Your cum is coating my guts, don't pull out, let it soak in there." Matt was speaking softly. I was just breathing hard. He had tapped me out fucking him. Matt began to clench his ass and release it, stimulating my dick. I groaned.

"Yeah, that feels good, doesn't it? Not as good as having you in me, but let's see how long you can stay in." Matt turned his head, I could see a mischievous smile. 

"You want to keep me in your ass? I like being in your ass. I want to be in your ass a lot." I nibbled on his ear a bit. Matt stepped up his massaging of my cock. Even though I had just cum, it was starting to work. My deflating cock was turning into an erection. I began to grind into him, he kept up clenching his ass and moved his hips. We were grinding into each other, him thrusting back. I felt my hard dick moving in him, and I was fully erect again. So soon after cumming too. But Matt was hot, and I'd wanted him for a while now. I have to admit I was surprised that he was so into this. It seemed somehow different from how Genie usually got guys to fuck me. Those thoughts didn't stay long, as my dick was taking over my thinking. I wasn't objecting to that at all. 

Now fully hard, I stopped the grinding and switched to fucking thrusts. Matt groaned and moved his butt to crash into my hips. I was still laying on him, so my plunges weren't long, but it was getting the job done. Matt was an active bottom. Such a turn on. I increased my speed as passion rose in me. "Yeah, fuck me more, get that big cock in me." Matt's breath was coming in gasps.

"My big cock IS in you, dumbass." I pushed even harder. 

"Oh, yeah! I can feel it, you're fucking me good." Matt's breath still wasn't under his control. I can't blame him, mine wasn't either. But I pushed harder. "Do it!" Matt begging me to fuck him pushed me over the edge. For the second time, and without my cock having been unsheathed from his hole, I came in it again. "Two loads. That's great man. I knew you had it in you. Now I've got it in me."

We were both totally spent. I pulled my cock out of Matt and he rolled over a bit, with me adjusting so we were entwined in each other. "You really know how to fuck, man." Matt said to me.

"And you know how to take a fuck." I complimented him back. I had to ask him. "It's not your first time getting fucked, is it?"

"Nope, sure isn't." Matt confirmed. 

"I thought you had a girlfriend, or you did at some point."

"I did, we've broken up. It's all one night stands for me now."

"So, are you bi? Before now, I'd never have guessed."

"Yeah. I started with guys in high school." Matt shifted, but seemed perfectly comfortable telling me this just like he was fine being naked in my arms. "That led to more fucking in college, but I could get more girls there too. Never stopped with dudes, there is just something about getting to ride a big pole, you know?"

"I do. You have a great pole here, I want to ride it a bit later." I grabbed his cock and stroked it a bit. 

Matt laughed "I've tuckered you out, have I?"

"Yup. That was a great fuck. You can work that ass like nothing doing."

"I've been practicing." Matt smiled at me.

"You're a pro. That's for damn sure."

We both had to recharge before the next round.