 Matt and I just lay together, each with an arm under the other. Sex always takes effort, some sex more than others. We had a hard fuck, so we both needed a bit of time to catch our breath. I had cum twice so my dick was really tired. As tired as it was, Matt was so hot that I could feel my dick really wanted to get hard again. That's the advantage/disadvantage of fucking with hot guys, your dick gets hard, but at some point you're straining to get a boner again. I guess if you're going to have trouble getting it up, that's the kind to have. 

I could feel energy rebuilding in my body. I was amazed that I got so hot again, but that's what happens when you get to fuck with a guy you've wanted for a while. Matt's finger started playing with my hole. "You going to let me in there?" He pushed a little in.

"You like giving as much as getting?" I asked him.

"Hell yes. Men have real tight asses, feels great on my cock." Matt's face lit up. I knew I was going to be in for a great ride. "We have to get you ready, don't we?" His finger pushed a little further in. I moaned a bit in answer. Matt started to move me around. I was fine with that, sure I would enjoy whatever he had in mind. He ended up positioning himself sitting on the couch and me turned so my head was down on the floor facing away from the couch and my ass in the air. Any question of what he was planning went away when I felt his hands pull my ass wide and this tongue flick on my hole. That went for a bit. Then he went to flatten his tongue out and move in circles around. It felt good. 

I was supporting myself with my hands and head, and Matt was doing all sorts of things to my ass. His tongue would be flat and lick around, or roundish and push in. Getting rimmed always feels good. Matt had a talent for it, even early on I could tell, and he hadn't gotten started yet. 

Matt put his lips on my ass around my hole, moving them. That was a great sensation, let me tell you, especially as his tongue didn't stop. He was going to town on my ass with his mouth. I had to wiggle around since it was feeling so good. Matt was making sounds as he ate my ass, all this added up to a thoroughly enjoyable situation. My toes curled. Matt was almost growling in my ass, going deep and moving fast. Damn, he had some energy. 

Matt was so into it, I was getting my ass eaten by a real pro. As uncomfortable as it was being upside down like this, what he was doing to my hole overcame it all and I didn't want to move. I felt a bit of pre drip down and hit my face. Matt was damn well turning me on big time. Was it the bit of discomfort that made it so much hotter? Could be. Matt exhibited some surprising skills, like I hadn't expected nor ever gotten before. Even from guys I'd bedded before the Genie came into my life. 

One hot man after another. The rest of my life would be all this incredible sex. All thanks to my Genie. Life didn't get any better. Sure I could have a mansion and a fancy car. None of it would be as great as all the hot men populating my bed day after day. 

Matt reached around and started to stroke my cock. Shocks of pleasure radiated from my dick and my hole. I wiggled a bit. I was squirming in pure ecstasy. Matt adjusted a bit to more fully support me all the time never slacking on his work on my body. I wasn't giving him anything, he was doing it all for me. This boy was a giver for sure. 

I was rock hard. No more struggling to get a boner. My dick was hard as steel. I was totally turned on. I was really leaking precum. You'd think I hadn't had sex in a week. The reality is I'd never had so much sex, and such good sex. But I still got turned on so much. That would be a real bummer, all this opportunity and a tired dick. My dick sure wasn't acting tired. Good for me and my dick. 

Matt was adjusting again. Now he was working a finger in my ass while his tongue kept going on. His arm was basically wrapped around me so he was helping me keep balance while he treated my butt to his talent. I'm not sure I've ever been rimmed this long. If his tongue felt this good, how much better would his cock feel? 

I guess I was about to find out. Matt was moving me again. He was pushing me a bit getting me to slide across the floor. He came with me, giving a long lick from my hole, over my taint, balls and up my shaft. His tongue went up my belly and chest, then my neck, over my chin and to my lips. We kissed again. I could feel his dick zeroing in on my ass. I was so looking forward to having him in me. Contact. His cockhead was at my pucker. I opened my legs a bit wider and pushed back, wanting him in. He pulled back a bit. I could feel his lips move into a smile. My hunger for him and his simple denial of it caused me to groan. His tongue flicked against mine. He pushed his cock towards me quickly. Not with sufficient force to penetrate, just enough to make me feel him. Than he's pulling back again. Denying me. I shook my head slightly in our kiss and Matt gave a small giggle. I moved my hands from his sides trying to get to his cock to put it in me. I wasn't able to put my head together well enough to do it. Matt came to my rescue. He guided his cock in, slowly filling me with his manhood. It felt so damn fucking good. 

Cock in ass or ass over cock. Both are the most fantastic sensations anyone could imagine. Matt's big dick was filling me, giving me a pleasure only comparable to the one I felt going into his ass. Matt got in as far has he was going. That was a lot of far. His pubs were on my butt. We were as joined as any two men could be. Matt stayed in me, not moving. Then his hips started. Not the in and out of a fucking. But a left-right swaying. It moved my body and his cock in a way I never expected. Matt reared up, letting me admire his great chest and big muscles. The left-right continued and I saw a smile on his lips. He knew this was something new for me. Astounding how such a little difference could seem so big. 

New motions, Matt's hips started in circles. It wasn't fucking, but great to have a cock in me moving around. And I could see his muscles rippling as he moved. A beautiful man moving his body. Who wouldn't like seeing the skin over such strength vacillating? It was a treat for the eyes as well as the body. 

Matt gave a growl, pulling his cock back before thrusting into me. Now his fuck began. Long-dicking me, not too fast and not too slow. I felt alternatively filled and empty. He pumped me good. Fucking motions are the best to watch a man do. Fucking is what a man is built for. It's where the most basic instinct of a man is revealed. It's really the when you see his true face, the face of a man. 

Matt slowed after fucking me a while. Good stamina. Well, he sure as hell had to have some stamina with the session we were having. His slowing wasn't due to tiredness, he was moving me again, rolling me to my side. I let out a sigh when his cock came all the way out of me. I felt my anus pulse a bit wanting it back. Matt lay down besides me, lining his dick back up to give me more of what I wanted. Yes, it slid back in like it was home. Matt started slow again, grinding fucks with his hips moving around, not just in and out. His arms wrapped around me and held me tight, my back pressed up against his broad chest. I felt his chest hair scratch a bit. My body was moving only in reaction to his. It was like I was an extension of him.

Matt loosed his grip on me and I felt a hand go through my hair. Then down my forehead, over my nose and a finger put in my mouth. I sucked on it, lightly biting it. It just probed around my mouth like his dick was probing my ass. One man hitting both holes at the same time. The finger withdrew, tracing my lips and going down my chest. His hand wrapped around my swollen member, a good, firm grip. I gasped, him just holding my cock almost made me cum. "I've got you close. So close." Matt said in my ear. 

"Fuck yeah." I could almost not speak the words. The hand moved, up and down, stroking me. "Ah ah ah." I breathed out. It was like electric shocks radiated out from my cock and consumed my body.

In sync, his hips and hand were in perfect sync. "Cum for me, I'll shot as soon as you do." Matt had barely finished the words when I did shoot out, completely unable to stop myself. And not wanting to. He came as my sphincter tightened around his shaft. I felt his seed coating my insides. 

I rolled forward, lying face down on the carpet. Matt's dick slid out of me and he lay half over me. We just breathed deep, both feeling the afterglow of the orgasims he had crafted. 

"That was fucking incredible." I said once I could speak again. 

"Glad you liked it. I did too. You have one sweet ass." Matt rubbed on of my cheeks. 

"You're welcome in there anytime you want, man. I could always use a good fucking." We both laughed. 

"You hungry?" I shifted a bit so I could see Matt's face. His hair was plastered partially plastered to his skull from the sweat he had worked up. I'm sure I was the same. 

"Yeah. A couple of good fucks will really work up an appetite." He responded. 

"Hey, Genie, I wish you'd send a sub-boy in with something for us to eat." Matt wouldn't remember anything about this encounter, so I didn't figure it would be a problem for me to acknowledge Genie or give an order like this. "Let's get up." I half crawled back on the couch, Matt joining me. 

Sure enough, the door to the kitchen opened and there we had a short, muscular twink, full on boner. Red-blond hair, buck naked expect for a harness and carrying a tray with some beers and food. He approached us with his head bowed and knelt between us, holding the tray at a convenient level for us to take what we wanted. Nachos heavy with cheese and beef, we dug in. 

The beer was ice cold and very refreshing. The nachos proved to be a great choice, giving the feeling that you were getting something substantial. The sub-boy was working to keep the tray he was holding even, but Matt seemed to be making a game of tilting it a bit. I joined him. The sub's face showed some strain as he struggled to play the part of a good table. We weren't trying to really make him fail, just enjoying ourselves at his expense a bit. That is what subs are for, I guess. 

When we finished, I waved my hand in dismissal, and the little sub took the tray away. As I wrapped Matt back in my arms I reflected how nice it was to just give orders in such a casual manner. It really wasn't any different from what I was doing by having Genie get me men for my bed. We dozed a bit, eventually falling asleep. 

I woke up alone, Genie was standing in front of me. "Well, that was a surprise for me as well." He said. He gestured to a cup of coffee on the table besides me. 

"Fucking blows my mind." I said back, reaching for the coffee. "I never pegged him as being gay or even bi. At first I thought you had given him some tips, but I'm guessing now it was all him."

"I didn't give him anything. That really was all him. I couldn't believe it any more than you could. You'll need a shower, you have work soon."

"Thanks for the coffee." I stood up. "Damn, I can still feel his fuck. Matt is definitely coming back. You better keep an eye for him."

"Yes, Master." Genie gave me a wink, and I headed to the shower. 

I saw Matt at work, and it seemed Genie's magic had wiped his mind of our adventure completely. You couldn't tell he had had sex the night before, and I would never have known it was me if I hadn't been there. I even fell into a group conversation in someone's office that Matt was part of as well. He never looked at me in any way that gave a clue that he thought something had gone on. 

I hit the gym after work, and worked up a good sweat. I looked around at the guys working out, letting my mind decide which ones I wanted to fuck. Gyms are great for that, since were there are some overweight guys, most of the guys were in pretty good shape. And they were in shorts and t-shirts or wife beaters, so you could see a good bit of their bodies. 

I made it home and tosseda my bag down, waving at the Genie as I hit the shower. I came out in just a towel. "Good Afternoon, Master." Genie said as I flopped on the sofa. 

"Hey Genie. Have a good day?" I didn't know what he did when I was out or asleep, but he seemed to fill his time doing something. 

"I did. It's nice having a Master. And I really enjoy getting you men." Genie leaned back and seemed to be smoking a hookah sized for him. 

"And I enjoy the men you get for me." I looked around my apartment, it was time for some cleaning. I remembered the last conversation Genie and I had about cleaning my place up. I thought I'd give it a shot. "Soooo, how about getting a slave boy to clean this place up?"

Genie lit up, he did so like it when I asked him to get me a man (or even boy as in this case). It meant I didn't have to feel bad about just asking him to use his powers. 

"What kind of slave would you like?" Genie asked.

"Hmmm, shaved head, black leather collar and harness. That's all he should wear. Nice body, you know, muscles. Plus a well-build slave seems better, like he could be a top or vers or something, but is a slave anyway."

"I can do that Master!" Genie gestured a the kitchen door. It opened. Genie did seem to like having men appear through the door, it was a normal way for them to enter the scene he created. The man standing there was a bit taller then me, and just like I described, but shaved all over. So no chest hair or pubes. 

When I looked at him, he put his head down and came to kneel before me. He bowed down and kissed my feet. "Master, I am your slave and I beg permission to perform the domestic duties you require."

He kept his body over my feet, kissing them softly. 

"Get at it boy." I guess I should be commanding. The slave planted one more kiss on each of my feet and got to picking things up from the room at once. He was efficient, quickly putting things in order. It was nice watching his mostly naked body doing the housekeeping. 

He got my bag and moved to the bedroom. A few minutes later he came back to me, knelt again and kissed my feet. "Master?" He asked. 

This must be part of his training. I didn't know what to do for a moment, "Yeah?" I caught Genie silently laughing next to me. I gave him a mock angry look.

"Master, may this unworthy slave disturb your silence by using the washer and dryer for your clothes?" The slave was kissing my feet as he asked. 

"Sure." I said to him.

"Thank you Master. This slave will do it's best for you." More kisses to my feet and he headed back to my bedroom. 

"What was that?" I had to ask Genie.

"He's a slave, and he knows he's only here while he does his work. He would not run the washer and dryer while you are around since it would disturb you. So he has to ask permission." Genie had a grin on his face. 

"Damn, I'm not used to this slave stuff." I shook my head. 

"Master did ask for a slave, I found a well-trained one." Genie looked a bit concerned.

I relieved him. "Oh you did, and it's great. It's just going to take a bit to get used to. I'd never do something like that. I mean, I felt uncomfortable asking you for stuff, it took awhile for me to really feel you wanted to do it."

Genie did seem like he was alleviated by my words. "Takes all kinds, I can tell you that this guy really does love being a slave. He gets a lot of sexual satisfaction in obeying orders."

"Wow." I said. "Well, he likes it, I guess I'll just take advantage of it." I heard the washing machine start. Since it place was getting cleaned I turned on the TV and started flipping channels. Genie and I chatted and I could hear the slave moving around and working on his duties. Eventually I heard the save start on doing dishes in the kitchen. The washing machine turned off. The slave went and put things in the dryer. 

After a while, the slave returned and kissed my feet again. I muted the TV. "Master?" The slave said, respectfully kissing my feet. 

"Yes, slave?" It was weird, but I could get into it a bit. 

"Please pardon this worthless slave, Master, but do you wish me to vacuum?" He kissed my feet more, deeper than before.

Genie spoke up. "More disturbance for you. You have to decide if he can or not." 

"Yes, slave you can vacuum." I gave him permission.

"Thank you Master." Slave kissed my feet again and went to finish up his chores. 

"He cooks too." Genie told me.

"Really? I might have to make him make me dinner." Just like getting to have sex with hot men, it was nice having someone around to do all the little stuff I didn't want to be bothered with. I decided I needed to get out of the the towel, so I went into the bedroom.

The slave was there, just about to start the vacuum. "Go ahead." I waved at him, dropping my towel on the floor and opening a drawer with some shorts in it. I figured having to pick up after me would be hot for the slave. I basically ignored the slave who had turned on the vacuum, and put in the shorts and a t-shirt. I just went back to the couch. 

Genie was sitting there with a big smile on his face. "You liked that." 

"I did." I said back, incredulously. 

"He did too. The dropped towel and just changing in front of him. Did you notice he threw a boner?"

"He didn't?" I couldn't believe it.

"He sure did. You just weren't looking at his dick."

"I wasn't, I admit. I was trying to be aloof."

"You were, and it turned him on." I just chuckled in response to him. 

The slave finally came into the living room to vacuum. I turned off the TV and put my feet up. I watched him vacuum. He was very through, and even better, I liked watching a naked body doing things for me. He finished and put the vacuum up. 

"Slave, come here." I shouted out as I heard him finish putting up the vacuum cleaner. 

He rushed to kneel at my feet, kissed them, and said "Yes, Master."

"I want to be entertained, back up a bit and stroke off." Might as well give him a new order.

"Yes, Master." He backed up on his knees after kissing my feet. About the center of the room, he leaned up and began to pull on his cock, looking at the floor in front of my feet. Or maybe at my feet? He was putting on a show. It was more like watching a porn jerk off than a guy you were just mutually jerking with. He was moving his hips, pulling his balls, flexing his chest and moaning a bit. It turned out to be a lot more entertaining than I had really expected. 

I looked over at Genie. "We need to get popcorn." I said.

"Well, order him to get you popcorn." Genie reached out and pulled a bowl of him-sized popcorn out of the air. 

"Sure. Slave, get me popcorn." I said. 

"Yes, Master." The slave rushed to the kitchen and returned a moment later with a bowl of popcorn, knelt to present it to me. When I took it he returned to his performance. 

I didn't think I would enjoy anything as much I had enjoyed the guys Genie got for me to have sex with, but this slave thing was fun.