 The next day I made it to work. It had been a great weekend of sex, and I knew that would be continuing. There weren't a lot of hot guys at work, but there were a few I was interested in. For the first time, I let myself look at them with the idea I could actually get them in bed. It changed my whole perspective. I had a great day, fantasies running through my head. 

Like I promised, I hit the gym after work. The sex had inspired me, and I had a great workout. I made it home soaked in sweat, but feeling great. I slumped into a chair as Genie appeared. "How was work, Master?" He asked. 

"Pretty good. So, can you get me specific people? People I know?" I queried.

"Of course, Master. Just tell me who." Genie had a smile. 

"Oh, that is wonderful. I have a few I would really like to get to fuck around with." I smiled as well. 

"Do you want to start now?" 

"No, let's go with the original plan, a meathead in the gym. I want to savor the guys a bit."

"All right, Master, ready for tonight's wish?"

"Go for it." 

"Yes, Master." Everything shimmered a bit. We were now in a gym. I glanced around, it was empty. 

Than I saw him. On the tall side, and he did have the muscles. "Welcome, are you ready to begin?" He said. He was in the typical workout gear, shorts, tee shirt, trainers. 

"Err, yes?" I replied. 

"Great. I'm going to show you a workout. First, I'm going to get naked so you can enjoy looking at my body while I do this." He pulled his shirt off. He was certainly agreeable to my fantasy. The shorts came off as he kicked his trainers off. This left him in just a jockstrap. He stood straight and fondled his package. "It's important to let your body breath. Being as naked as possible is best. Jockstraps can help hold back any boners. Not that there is anything wrong with a good hard-on, but you may not want it swinging around. I do, so it's coming off now." 

Removing the jock was a bit awkward, as it always is when you are hard and trying to pull a jockstrap off. He stood in front of me. He had a good sized cock. Genie never let me down in that department. "First, we're going to do some stretching exercises. It's best to start that way." He did some toe-touches, then sat on the floor to reach and grab his toes. He did a few others. He stayed chubbed up, and it was great watching him. 

"You can do some leg work. Keep those thighs prepared to hold a guy's head on your balls or ass in place while he's working." He sat on a machine that exercised his legs by pulling them together. He did a good set of reps. 

"Arms are also important. This machine," he moved to a new one. He had a really solid ass. "Works by pulling the arms together." He sat on this new machine and exercised good. The weights were significant for him, and he was starting to sweat. 

The gymrat stood up. "You don't always need a machine. There are a lot of things you can do with just your body. Aerobic exercise is always important. Take jumping jacks. Classic move. Let me demonstrate." He did a long set of jumping jacks. His dick flopped around. The sight was amazing. I was so enjoying this. 

After a good long set, he stopped, a bit winded. "Your body can give you strength exercises as well. Consider the push-up. As you build muscle, your weight goes up, requiring more strength. As you build strength, more weight, so it goes on." He did about 50 push-ups. 

He finished and stood up. "You can get a good pump. Feel this." He flexed his bicep. 

I did feel his bicep, solid under my fingers. "Very nice." I said. I drew my hand across his sweaty chest. I brought up my other and felt up both pecs. There was a nice bit of hair, it just added to his sexiness. His pecs were strong, and I enjoyed kneading them. 

I slid one hand down to his junk. It jumped in response to my touch. Such silky hardness, firm in my hand. "The most important muscle to exercise is the cock." He said, reaching for mine. He opened my pants up and worked me up to full hardness. "You have a lot to work with."

"Thanks." I reply, he was being nice, but not entirely inaccurate. He worked up my cock, and then pulled my shirt off. 

The gymrat then kneeled down, pulling my pants off. "You need to be sure you exercise your dick as much as possible. One great exercise is getting sucked. Let's start this exercise right now." He swallowed my cock, all in one go. His ministrations were strong, and I felt his tongue really pushing on my cock. His head moved back and forth, getting a good speed up fast. 

You can have slow blow jobs, but fast ones are great, and this showed real effort on his part. He was getting a work out by working my cock. I liked this type of exercise. It did not take long before I was about ready to shoot.

He pulled off. "We don't want to tap out too soon. Let's exercise your hips as well. Fucking is a great exercise for the hips. Ready to give it a shot?"

"Yeah." 

The gymrat got up on his back on one of the benches, pulling his legs up towards his head. "Put it in, man. Screw me good."

"You bet I will." My hard cock pushed into his ass. Rock hard cheeks. He was tight. Good tight. It was real exercise to get in, well that was the point. 

"You can do it, push it in man, fuck me." Gymrat said, moving his ass around.

My hips started thrusting, he continued with encouragement like he was my coach and training me. It was hot. I fucked deep, really moving my hips as he was urging me on. It was great looking down at him, his pecs bouncing with each thrust I made into him. 

"Fuck harder, harder! Push it!" It was enough for me, and I came deep in him. He shot off as well, cumming high on his chest. When my last spurt went, I lay down on his chest. "You did great, man!" Gymrat said. "That was a great workout. You need to keep it up, work that cock a lot."

"You're a great coach. Really spurred me on." I said back. We were both sweaty and breathing deep. We detached ourselves. As he gathered the few clothes he had started with everything shimmered again, and I was back in my apartment. Naked, with Genie looking at me appreciatively. 

"Have fun, Master?" Genie asked.

"I wasn't sure I could do a work out right after the gym, but I guess I was up for it." I said.

"Your cock was certainly up for it." Genie laughed.

I laughed back. "I'm going to hit a shower."

I slept alone that night, visions of my co-workers going through my head. I was deciding what order I wanted to fuck them in. Dreaming of fucking people you know is a common fantasy, but now that fantasy would be a reality. Just that was exciting. 

At work, I made sure to have a conversation with each of my targets, coming to a decision on the order I wanted. When I made it home, Genie was waiting for me ready to go. 

"Have you decided, Master? I'm sure you are excited to bed guys you work with." Genie said.

"I have. I want to start with Bill. He's been a bit of minor fantasy of mine for a bit. I just think I want to bed him. Deep voice, so sexy." I said back.

"Hmmm..." Genie looked thoughtful. "Bill's out in public. I can keep an eye on him and tell you when I can arrange it."

"Works for me. I didn't expect him to go home, sit on the sofa, and wait to be delivered to me." I shrugged. 

I goofed around a bit, at some point Genie appeared "I'm ready to deliver Bill to you, Master."

"Great, I'm ready for some sex." I said. "I think I want him dressed, it will be fun to take those clothes off him. Sort of like the good part of a date."

"Yes, Master." Genie smiled and faded away. 

"Hey." Bill was standing in the doorway. 

I walked up to him. I put my hands on his waist, reaching up his back a bit. I planted a kiss on his lips. He kissed me back. I was amazed I was able to do this with a guy I had been lusting after for so long. I held him tight in the kiss for a few minutes, then started to take his shirt off. He started the same with me. 

I had wanted to get him shirtless for a while, and I was so glad to finally be able to. Nice chest on him. I started on his pants. I had never been able to figure out how hung he was, watching his crotch hadn't revealed it to me. Now taking his underwear off let me find out. He was nicely sized, if not the biggest I had ever seen. I gave my prize a good feeling-up. His cock hardened, and I was really having a ball. Ball. Balls. I got onto feeling up his balls. Nice balls. I rolled them around.

There is nothing like getting to feel up a guy you've watched for a while just wanting to get into his pants. There is a form of excitement that just can't be beat. I just played with his junk for a bit while he made noises like he was enjoying the attention. 

I was hard too, after I had gotten my fill of his cock and balls, for that moment anyway. I got up and started to pull the rest of my clothes off. He removed the rest of his. With both of us naked, it was nice to be with a wished-for man that I was actually hung better than. 

When neither of us had a stitch on, I moved him to the bed, putting him on his back. I lined my cock up with his mouth and put it in. He got right on to sucking. I looked down at his body for a second before starting a 69 with me on top. 

His cock felt good in my mouth, and I would move to lick his balls every so often. I was moving my hips, fucking his face a bit. Not too hard and deep, but it did feel good on my cock. I was in a more dominant position so my fingers made it to his rosebud. He groaned as I circled his pucker with a finger. He was enjoying the attention. I gave him more, playing with his hole and feeling him move around in pleasure. This was great. Genie had done real good in getting him, or he was really enjoying this on his own. Either way, good for him. 

I took one of his balls entirely in my mouth and poked a finger in his hole. He really squirmed and moaned. I moved a bit deeper, wiggling around. He took his mouth off my cock "That feels so fucking good." Bill had a deep, sexy voice. I kept up working on his ass and his mouth went to my cock. His hands went to feel up my ass cheeks, also rubbing on my hole. 

It all felt good, really good. My cock and my ass were getting worked on, and I was able to suck him and play with his ass. I kept on this for a while slowly humping his face. I decided I wanted to fuck him, so I pulled out of his ass and mouth. "I'm ready to fuck you." I said, moving back enough so that I could see his eyes. 

"I'm ready to get fucked." Bill moved around to give me better access, pulling his legs up. I maneuvered to between his legs and linked my dick up with his hole. I rubbed around the edge of his hole, "Fuck yeah, that's great. Feels so good." He was wiggling his butt. 

"Hold still." I told him and started to push in. 

"Arrgghh. Damn that's big." Bill rolled his head back, but pushed back to get more of my cock. I got in and started to seriously fuck him. "Damn it, so good." Bill put his hands on his forehead and rolled back a bit, arching his back up off the bed. 

I looked down at his body, his hard cock bouncing around in time to my thrusts. I really enjoyed the sight, hearing his voice give out moans, groans and sounds of pleasure from my fucking. Having wanted to fuck him for so long, it was a dream come true that I was actually doing it. His ass really gripped my cock, I got to fucking harder. 

I reached down and grabbed his boner, stroking it as I ploughed deep. I could tell I was getting close, but I didn't want to end quite yet. I slowed down and then pulled out. "Let's get you doggie style." 

"As long as you keep fucking me." Bill rolled over, presenting his ass to me. I got back in there. I humped in and out, leaning over to rest my chest on his back. I reached around him and grabbed his cock again. "Oh, fuck yeah, stroke me." I did. I rammed in forcefully while jerking his dick. Each thrust would push my pubes up against his ass and try to move him forward. I know he could feel every inch of my shaft going into him and withdrawing after. I got wound up again and increased the speed of my fucking, and when I felt I was getting close again, I didn't hold back, I shot deep into him giving a few final strong fucks. 

When I finished cumming, I moved my hand and he shot off as well, letting out some animalistic cry. Spent, he collapsed on the mattress. I lay on top of him, my cock still in his ass. We lay like that for a bit, before he got up and disappeared.

"Did you like getting to fuck someone you knew?" Genie was sitting next to my head. 

"Yeah, it was great. I've wanted to tap that ass for a while. Thank you Genie." I said, still in a bit of a haze. 

"You're welcome, Master. I live to bring you pleasure." Genie gave a slight bow.

"You are doing great. No complaints here." I gave him a thumbs-up.

The next day at work, I noticed Bill would move around in his seat a bit, like his ass was feeling weird. Nothing major, but I knew what to look for. Once when I walked by, he was talking to Matt. I gave a private little grin - Matt was next on my list.