 Author's Note: All of the people, places, or events that transpire in this story are entirely fictitious, but are loosely based off of real experiences. Also, any feedback, comments, questions, and concerns that any reader might have are greatly appreciated. Enjoy! 

*****

As I pulled up towards the gym, I couldn't help but to think back to the day when I first signed up. I was a fat, socially anxiety ridden teenager. I loathed the sight of the red and blue sign that read, "Madison Community Fitness Center". That tall standing, cinder block building was my worst enemy. It reminded me of the days in which I wallowed in torment from the other kids at school. I had an arsenal of nicknames assigned to me that were never given my consent, that ranged anywhere from "fatso", "Jelly Belly" to "Blimp-Boy". My favorite of all was "Fat Greg". It truly encompassed the dumb-uncreativity and ill-will of those who tried to break me down. It filled me with rage. I had been pigeonholed into a role of a fat 'nobody', unworthy of anyone's attention. On my eighteenth birthday, I signed up for the Madison Community Fitness Center. I was going to prove them all wrong. 

That was two years ago. Sitting in my 1996 Corolla, I looked down to my stomach, admiring the progress of my two-year physical venture. I was strong. The veins in my arms bulged from my skin. I lifted my shirt and peeked underneath. My chest was defined. My abdominal muscles had become prominent. I looked into the mirror, and examined my strong jaw line, complimenting my dark hair and green eyes. Two years of regular physical suffering, and this was the result. I had finally met society's expectation of beauty. But it never made me happy. 

Regardless of my physical success, my personality remained that of a self-conscious, obese high school reject. Women were attracted to me because of my looks, but often times they became disenfranchised after speaking to me. I never knew what to say. I didn't have the primal, sexual urge that most men possessed. I didn't know how to be charming. I didn't even know if I wanted to be. Nonetheless, I still had the looks to overcome my disadvantage. I slept with women occasionally, but never seemed to be satisfied. I fucked them, and they left. They might as well have never been there, as far as I was concerned. 

Snapping out of my train of thought, I checked my phone. 8:45 P.M. I had been sitting in my car, transfixed in thought for about an hour. Frustrated with my use of time, I practically ran into the entrance of the gym, as to make up for lost time. 

"Hey Greg, how's it goin'?" said the admissions desk attendant, as I walked by. 

"Just another day, I guess". 

I retrieved my gym pass to show to the attendant, which produced a small laugh from her. 

"Greg, you've practically been here every evening for two years now, you don't have to keep showing me your pass every time". 

I faked a small laugh and walked on. People are creatures of habit, and I was no different. I continued down the hallway, passing an array of doors, inside containing an assortment of fitness classes. 

Reaching the end of the hallway, I walked into the elevator, and hit the button for the second floor. The large weight room was located there. 

As the elevator doors began to shut, a man yelled "Hold it!" as he came running down the hall. I would have let them shut if he was too far to recognize me later. And so I held it. The man thanked me, pressed the button for the second floor, and stood back next to me. We stood silently as the elevator began its ascent. 

I peered over at him, and couldn't help but notice his body. He was wearing a tight wife beater, which hinted at his tight chest and abs. His arms were roughly the same size as mine, with even more protruding veins. He wore tight fitting gym shorts, which rode somewhat high, exposing his round, firm looking butt. My eyes fell southwards, scanning the muscles of his legs. At this point, he seemed to notice me looking at him, but then turned his head back, as if he was inviting me to look at him. I turned my head away in embarrassment, as the doors of the elevator opened. 

He exited before I did. My eyes followed his ass out of the elevator. He situated himself in one corner of the room, and I went to the other corner by the treadmills. 

I mounted on to a treadmill, as I did before every workout to get warmed up. As I jogged along, I couldn't help but think of the man again. I could see his head peaking over a variety of people and workout equipment in the large room. I thought more of his ass, and his tight muscles. I shook the thought, as it started to make me uncomfortable. I wasn't gay. I just had a strange moment of attraction for the opposite sex. 

After a while on the treadmill, I stepped off of it, and scanned the room. I had been so enveloped in my workout, that I hadn't noticed the room had almost vacated entirely. The only people that remained were myself, the man from the elevator, and 3 or 4 older gentlemen. 

I began to walk towards the other workout equipment, and peered over at the stranger from before. He must have already been looking at me, as our eyes caught immediately. I turned my head. I was uncomfortable. Now within twenty feet of me, I decided to turn my head in the other direction. 

I sat down at pull down machine, which is nothing more than a bench, and a bar risen above your head. I reached up for the bar, and pulled it down behind my back. After my usual set of repetitions, I took a break. 

I turned around, to look at the room again. The only people who remained in the room were me, and the man from the elevator. He was sitting on the bench press, facing towards me. Our eyes caught as soon as looked in his direction. I stared for another moment, as he got up from his equipment and began to walk toward me. 

I pretended not to notice or care, as I turned around and retuned to my workout. I felt a small tap on the shoulder moments later. 

"Hey there, I didn't mean to interrupt you, I just thought you might be interested in learning a new technique. You seem to be in great shape, but there's always room to learn more!" 

My mouth went dry. I had no idea why. All I could muster in response was a simple head nod. I began to get up off of the bench to allow him to sit and show me the technique. As I stood up, he lowered my shoulders back down and said, "Here, it'll be easier this way". 

Instead of replacing me on the bench, he sat behind me on it instead. He thrusted his chest into my back as tightly as he could to make room. I could feel the basic outline of penis coming into contact with the small of my back. 

"So, you're going going to want to put your hands like this". He grabbed my hands by the wrist, and adjusted them on the bar above. I could feel his warm breath in my ear, and I began to feel a little stirring in my groin. It gave me an excited, confused feeling. 

"And then you're going to pull back in this motion". I didn't give a damn about his workout. I was much more focused on the positioning of his body, and the feeling it was causing in me. 

"You feel how that's working your core a little bit too?", he said, as he wrapped his large sized hands around my waste to rub my stomach. 

Just then, my heart started pounding, as I realized that my cock was rock hard, and obviously sticking out of my shorts. I prayed that he would not notice, as he was situated behind me. 

"There you go! You're really getting the hang of it. It's one of my favorite workouts". His lips were within an inch of my ear at this point. With every word he spoke, hot breath traveled into my ear. It was electric. 

As I continued to pull the bar up and down, I felt his cock start to swell up. I wondered whether this would embarrass him, there being no way that I would not have noticed it being pushed against my back. But he didn't seem to move his body position, as it was a totally normal thing. His hands were still wrapped around my stomach as well. 

My arms suddenly gave out. I slowly raised the bar back to the top, and took my hands down. My cock was still sticking directly up and against my shorts, his hands just a few inches away. 

"Well that was one hell of a workout! I couldn't have gone any longer myself!" 

It was clear to both of us that the workout was over, and yet we both remained pushed together on the small bench. I realized that I had to thank him, or even say a word, rather. 

I turned my neck towards him to thank him, and realized that our heads were now just an inch or two apart. I gave him my thanks, but neither of us budged. I studied the his rock-hard jawline, and his stunning green eyes. 

"You're very welcome". He almost whispered it. I felt the warm air from his breath hit my mouth. At that moment, his hand began to travel from my stomach, up past my chest. He moved his hand along the side of my neck, to the back of my head. 

I couldn't believe it. A man was about to kiss me. Throughout my years of heterosexuality, I would have never even entertained the idea. But here I was. Practically on the lap of another man, his hand on my head, and our cocks were hard as nails. 

He pulled me in. He shot his tongue into my mouth. I surrendered mine. The feeling of his hot, wet tongue sliding against mine got me even harder. We made out for a few minutes. I was in heaven. And then he surprised me. 

His hand traveled back down my chest and stomach, and slightly into the wasteband of my shorts. He pulled his lips away for a minute, and whispered in my ear, "I'm pretending your lips are your cock". His hand traveled under my boxers, and he lightly grabbed my dick. At the same time, he turned towards my lips, and slowly ran his hot, wet tongue over them in a circular motion. 

He could made made me cum right then and there. I let out moans as his hand rubbed my cock through my workout shorts, and his tongue ran along my lips. His hand travelled to the waistband of my shorts, and slid in. He ran a finger from the base of my cock, to the tip. After collecting a little bit of pre-cum on his pointer finger, he moved his finger up to my lips. Without any hesitation, I wrapped my mouth around it, and sucked it off. He immediately shot his tongue back into my mouth, seemingly upset that I didn't save any cum for him. 

Just then, a sound came from the elevator shaft, alerting us that somebody was about to step into the room. He immediately stood up off of the machine. I didn't move. After the elevator doors opened up, a man who worked for the community center walked in. 

"Hey guys, we'll be closing in about 45 minutes, so if you were going to hit the showers after your workout, I suggest you do it now". 

He jumped back into the elevator, and so did the man who was sitting behind me on the equipment. I decided to catch the next one. I was afraid to stand up, showing the employee my rock hard cock through my shorts. 

I walked over, and took the next elevator, now that the other two were gone. I exited the elevator shaft, and entered the men's locker room, down the hallway. It was entirely vacant, and the sound of one shower currently being occupied was all that could be heard. 

I set my things down in a locker, stripped all of my clothes off, and walked towards the showers. I picked the one right next to the one currently being occupied. A curtain was drawn. I didn't know if it was him or not. I didn't want to risk looking in their, just in case it wasn't him. I tried to get my mind off of it. 

Halfway through my shower, I started hearing quiet moaning, and the sound of masturbation coming from the shower next to mine. It sounded like his voice. I glanced down, and noticed that my cock had regained its hardness. 

I couldn't help myself. I pulled back the curtain of my shower, and walked stuck my head around to the entrance of his. I peered through a small crevice in his curtain. 

There he was. His muscled body shone from the light reflecting from the water on his skin. I watched his defined biceps, as they contacted back and forth, as he furiously tugged at his rock hard cock. I glanced down, and noticed that I had subconsciously begun stroking my own dick as well. I listened to him moan, as he went at it. I was transfixed. 

I was trying to be quiet, as I watched the sexy, muscled jock jerk himself off. After I minute or so, I accidentally let out a small groan of pleasure, to which caught his attention. He looked over at me through the small crevice in the curtain. My heart started racing again, and I retreated back to my shower and closed the curtain. 

I felt incredibly embarrassed. I felt terrible for invading another man's privacy in such a way. I let the water run over me for a few more minutes, before I heard the sound of his shower turn off. I felt relieved, in hopes that he would forget about the incident, and that I would not have to see him again. 

Just as soon as I was about to turn off my own shower, the shower curtain was opened, and there he stood. 

"Mind if I join you?" He asked, with a somewhat determined look on his face. 

My mouth went dry, and my heart started racing again. Before I could produce an answer, he entered my shower stall. Only a few feet away from me, he reached across from me to use the soap dispenser. He began lathering himself without looking at me, as if it was totally normal. So I did the same. 

This continued for a minute or so, with each of us exchanging small glances to watch the wither, without making direct eye contact. I began washing my back. He turned towards me. 

"Need a hand with that?"

He once again acted before I had the chance to retort. He got some soap in his hand from the dispenser, and stood in front of me, chest to chest. He ran his hands along my back, pushing his chest into mine. 

His wet skin felt incredible on mine, as he slid his chest back in forth while soaping my back. It was more of an aggressive hug than anything, as his strong hands dug and slid into my back. I could feel our cocks poking against each other's stomachs, which made mine even harder. I wanted to reach down and stroke it, but the limited space between us prevented it. Just then, I felt his soapy hands travel father down my back. It gave me chills. 

His soapy, wet hands slid down, past the small of my back. Simultaneously, he grabbed my ass with his big hands, and shot his tongue into my mouth. I almost lost it. I let out a loud moan of pleasure into his mouth. I was too enveloped in the situation to have determined if anyone was in listening range around the locker room, and I didn't even care. 

I was entirely subjected to his will, entranced by every move he made, and I loved every second of it. He released a hand from my ass, and brought it around in front of us. He dispensed some soap into his free hand, and brought it down towards our cocks, which had naturally began to gyrate together. He removed his tongue from my mouth, and began running his tongue up and down my neck. His soap covered hand grabbed our cocks together, and slowly stroked them. 

His dragged his tongue, kissing and sucking, down to my nipples. I'd never had anyone, let alone another man, suck on my nipples before. It felt absolutely amazing. 

Not before long, he continued to travel southwards, sucking and licking his way there. At this point, he was on his knees, lightly biting right below my belly button. 

All in one swift motion, he pushed my back against the tiled shower wall, and ran his tongue from the base of my cock, all the way to the tip. I was in ecstasy. I could have cum right there, from all the buildup. 

Then he slowly wrapped his mouth along the tip of my cock, and bobbed his head down towards the base. He repeated this motion back in forth, occasionally dragging his teeth lightly along the base. I'd have received a few blowjobs in the past from girls, but they couldn't compare to his cock sucking abilities. I felt myself nearing an amazing orgasm. 

He must have noticed my gyrations towards his mouth, as he grabbed my hands, and aggressively put them on the back of his head, gesturing for me to use it as I pleased. This only turned me on more. I grabbed his short hair, and started pumping my cock in and out of his mouth. I started off slow, not wanting to choke him, but he seemed to tolerate it exceptionally well. I pumped faster and faster, eliciting moans from the both of us. 

I glanced down and noticed him furiously jerking himself off. The sight of his contacting biceps, and his strong hand rapidly pulling on his cock sent me over the edge. I grabbed his head even more aggressively than I had been, and shoved my cock down his tight, wet throat as far as I could. He even grabbed my ass and pulled me in tighter. I couldn't help but cum right there. The feeling of my pushing cock unloading spurt after spurt of cum into his willing throat is a feeling I will never forget. 

He swallowed every bit of it, and seemed to enjoy doing it as well. He stood up afterwards, and shot his tongue into my mouth. I could taste my own cum. It lubricated our tongues, sliding around each other's. I noticed a little bit of cum around the corners of his mouth. I couldn't help but run my tongue slowly over his lips, lapping up all that was left. 

I noticed that he was still jerking himself off beneath us, and I felt obliged to return the favor. I began slowly kissing and sucking my way down his neck, and then down his chest. I licked around his nipples, teasing him, eliciting moans. I sucked on his nipple for a while as well. I made my way down to his hard stomach, his long hard cock just inches below me. 

As I moved my head down towards his cock, I began to get nervous, as I had never sucked another man's dick before. I decided I would just do what I would find to be pleasurable. 

I lowered my mouth about an inch away from the base of his hard member. I breathed hot air along the base, all the way to the tip. I repeated this motion, but letting my tongue just barely slide along with it. His moaning encouraged me. 

I slid my tongue around the tip of his cock in a circular motion. I felt a little bit of precum leak out of the tip. I lapped it up with my tongue and spread it along his cock. I returned to the tip, and just barely wrapped my mouth around it. I was getting so much pleasure out of teasing him. 

Inch by inch, ever so slowly, I slid my wet, hot mouth down his large cock. I could only make it about three quarters of the way, before the tip hit the back of my throat. I pulled back, and repeated this motion, refusing to speed up. I could feel his eagerness to grab my head and force it down my throat, but I was still feeling it out. 

I began to speed up, and even brought my hand up to slide along the base of his cock as my mouth traveled up and down. 

His hands traveled to the back of my head as I sucked him. I could tell how close he was by the way he was pulling on my hair. His legs began to tremble. He was about to lose it. I placed my hand on the back of his, pushing my head forward on his cock even father, gesturing for him to do the same. 

Just then, he grabbed my hair, and starting pumping his cock in and out of my mouth as fast and hard as he could. I could barely keep from gagging, as the entirety of his giant cock was submerged in my throat. And I loved the feeling of being used. 

His legs began to shake even harder, and I could feel the swelling of his cock. I pulled my face away from his crotch, and started furiously stroking him off. That must have done it for him. He let out the loudest moan I'd heard as of yet, and spurts of cum splattered all over my face. I tried to catch most of it in my mouth, to no avail. 

I continued to rub his cock, until the rest of his cum slowly dribbled out, which I lapped up with my tongue. I noticed that my knees had become sore from the hard shower floor, so I stood up. 
