 I awoke wrapped in the cowboy's arms. His strong muscles made me feel safe. I just lay there for a while. Finally I felt his hand reach up and move my hair. "Awake, man?" He asked.

"Uh huh." I confirmed. 

He moved down and kissed me, deep and passionately. I felt his massive member harden. Mine did as well. Our hands roamed over each other's bodies. He kissed down my neck and chest, my abs, finally kissing up my cock. When he reached the crown, he kissed it a few times, then moved his lips down the shaft. My dick was entirely in his warm mouth. I felt his tongue move around. He bobbed up and down, engulfing it in its entirety. I felt his tongue move along the shaft, rolling over the head. He was a tough-looking stud, but he sucked cock like a real trooper. I writhed under his ministrations, I don't think my dick ever felt so good. 

Cowboy's hands roved over my body, adding to the sensations. His mouth was warm and wet, slicking up my cock. I grunted out in pleasure. He sucked me good, finally moving his mouth off, I looked at him, still in a haze of what he had done. He moved up, putting his ass over my cock and sliding down on it. I gasped as his asshole covered my dick.

His powerful legs moved slowly up and down on my cock. His broad, hair-covered chest breathed deep. His steely abs moved with the rest of his body. He pushed himself all the way down and moved back and forth, grinding into my crotch. 

He did this for awhile, then started moving up and down, back and forth. Really fucking my dick deep into his ass. His ass was gripping my cock tight. I could feel his firm bum against my thighs. Every touch was electric, and the pleasure-shock centered on my cock. I'd never had sex with someone so skilled. I swear his ass-muscles moved inside him, massaging my dick to even greater hardness. 

His big dick was hard, slapping against my stomach. Cowboy was as excited as I was. His cock flopped up to his abs, and back and forth on his thighs. It was an amazing sight. His dick alone was great, but seeing it move around as he rode me made me even harder. 

He picked up speed. His thrusting of my body into his took on an urgency that he drove. "I'm gettin' my morning ride." I groaned in response. He rode me like the cowboy he was, long and hard. I yelled out when I came, shooting deep into his guts. Cowboy shot off too, ropes hitting up my chest and neck. How could he have this much cum after so much sex last night? 

He continued to move up and down on my spent dick for a bit, finally sliding down and back, pressing our chests together and smearing his cum over both of us. His lips made it to mine, and he kissed me deep, wrapping his arms around me. I hugged him back, pulling him even closer to me. 

He lay over me, his weight pressing down. He was ripped, masculine. A perfect lover. His tongue moving in my mouth, my tongue responding. I was almost not sure where my body ended and his began. 

He broke this kiss. "Want to get fucked this morning?" His cock was hardening against my leg. How much stamina he had. 

"Yeah." If he could fuck me, I could take it. 

Cowboy rolled my legs over me, putting them on his shoulders. His cock was hard, and I felt it bump on my ass. His hand guided it into me. I felt it fill me. It went deeper and deeper in me. His dick was so long it took time to go all the way in. He started pumping into me fast, like he had something to prove. My whole body rocked back and forth. His cock thrusting deep into me. 

His pounding was powerful, and what could be better? His huge dick was sending waves of ecstasy through me. I was almost shocked to realize I was hard again. But who would get fucked this well and not have a boner? His hands felt over my chest, gripping my pecs. My whole body was on fire in a sexual passion I'd never felt before. 

He started to cum in my ass, switching to sharp, slower thrusts. When he finished, he stayed in me, and wrapped his hand around my hard cock. Three pumps was all that was needed to get me to cum again. Where more cum came from I'll never know, but he was so hot I seemed to have as inexhaustible supply as he did.

"Damn, that was great." He let out as he fell onto the bed next to me. "You have the hottest ass."

"Yours is nothing to pass up either." I said back. Sweat covered both of our bodies. I ached so good. "We both need showers."

"Give me a minute, and I'll wash your back." Cowboy grinned at me.

"Sure thing." I need to catch my breath as well. 

When we had the energy, we crammed into my shower. We soaped up each other's bodies, getting hard again in the process. He kissed down my neck. Afterwards, still showing hardness, we dried each other off. We lay next to each other on the bed. We sort of dozed, I let my hands roam over his body slowly, I fell asleep. 

I woke up alone. I took a moment to orient myself. "Genie, are you there?"

"Yes, Master." Genie appeared on the bed near me. 

"He was fantastic. I mean beyond belief. You have got to remember him. I'll want him back."

"Of course, Master. I could tell you were really enjoying yourself." Genie said. 

"Holy fuck. What a body, and that cock. What can I say about that cock? I lost count how many times I came." I put my hands through my hair. 

Genie reclined on the bed. Or seemed to. He wasn't physical here, so it was really an illusion. "Tapped out, are you?"

"I sure am. I'm going to crawl out and get some breakfast and coffee." Genie followed me, making coffee appear for himself once we got into the kitchen. I got some cereal and coffee, sitting at the table to chat. I had had enough sex so that I didn't want another man for a little bit. My cock, ass, and sex drive needed to recharge. 

Genie and I chatted. We got along easily, so I was enjoying having a roommate. I had had roommates before, but I was enjoying his company more than any of them. 

I decided I needed to do some housework. Genie popped in and out a bit while I took a few hours taking care of things, running to the store, and so on. Once I had my chores done, I sat down in a chair. Genie appeared on the coffee table. 

"I'm sorry I can't help out. But it didn't seem too hard." Genie said.

"It's not, so nothing to be sorry about." I thought for a second. "Say, could you get me a houseboy to do all of this if I want it?"

Genie looked at me for a moment, deep in thought. "Hmm, yes. I could get you a houseboy. Good idea. Do you want one now?"

"Not yet. I've just finished up. Nothing for him to do. We'll do that next time." I replied.

"Of course, Master." Genie said.

"Then I'll fuck him." I laughed a little.

"He'll be your houseboy, that's what houseboys are for." Genie laughed with me. 

"I do have a wish for this afternoon." I said.

"Yes, Master. What can I get for you?" Genie seemed to like fulfilling my wishes.

"All service for me." I smiled. "Will be interesting."

"All service, so you just want to lie there?" Genie asked.

"Yeah. I want to get serviced, just serviced. A guy sucking me off. A guy on my balls. A guy to kiss me. One on each foot." I just grinned at Genie.

"Oooo, that does sound interesting. What do you want the men to look like?" Genie was getting into it. But me getting pleasure made him feel good, so of course. 

"Errrr. Bel Ami models. I want them to look like Bel Ami models. Those guys are hot." Being the center of attention of 5 Bel Ami models would be great. 

"Of course, Master. Do you want go to into the bedroom?"

"Sure." I said, stripping as I moved to the bed. I lay down on my back and looked at the door in anticipation. 

Five naked men appeared through the door, all smiling, all hard. They were Bel Ami models. I recognized them. Five of my favorites, in fact. I wondered how Genie knew. But he was a magic genie, so I guess it made sense. 

They came into my bedroom with that happy, almost bouncy gait that was in so many of their movies. They piled on my bed. The one I like best, my favorite star from the site, bent down to kiss me. Just that was worth the wish alone. And he was a good kisser. I felt a nuzzle on my balls, then a lick. The man there got going on my balls. Hands wrapped around my feet, massaging them. Then their mouths joined the hands. Finally, lips went around my cock. My cock was hard, of course. I'd sprung up when I got kissed, getting harder when the other mouths started working. 

I was right, this felt great. Actually better than I thought it would. So many mouths on me. All working on pleasuring me. I could have felt bad about using these dudes, but they did this professionally. That showed. Very talented lips and tongues. And I was being kissed. All over my body was some sort of activity. 

It's great to get a man to use his mouth on you. Before now, I had never had two guys working me at the same time. Now I had 5. It was more than five times better than a single guy. I could roam my hands over the bodies near me. Strong bodies, nice muscles. 

Appreciative sounds were coming out of all the guys. Sound is great in porn, it makes you think the guys are really enjoying themselves. It's better in real life. My body was being taken care of by five very hot men. 

I was the center of attention and it was great. My balls were getting licked, my cock sucked, as were my feet. I had a hot guy kissing me. It was a dream come true.

Usually when you are in bed with a man, you are either trading off doing things to each other, or doing stuff simultaneously. None of that for me. I was just enjoying myself. They had a job to pleasure me. I just had to enjoy it. Enjoy it I did. Immensely. My body was being serviced by five guys who made their living having sex. They had skills, and were using all of them on me. 

My feet were satisfied, with a hot guy on each one. My balls were satisfied, a hot guy licking them well. My cock was satisfied, a hot guy with his hot mouth sucking it. My lips were satisfied, kissing the hottest of the Bel Ami models. 

I let them work on me. My body moving around in reaction to the sensations. I could get this any time I wanted, and I was sure I'd be getting it again. 

The men on my feet seemed to be working in tandem. They were hitting the same places on each at the same time. I couldn't see them, but I'm sure they were eyeing each other. Talk about professional. 

The cocksucker was taking all of me down his throat, so I was getting deepthroated on top of all the other work being done on my body. He managed to get all my shaft to really feel something. Such talent. And he was deep throating me on his own. 

All my body was being serviced, and I could feel it really taking hold, my cock was throbbing, and my balls really got ready to spurt out. I started to breath deep and groan into the mouth kissing me. I twisted as I came, shooting into the mouth covering my cock. I broke the kiss, forcing my head back further on the pillow. 

The man who had been kissing me moved to gently kissing my face. The others reduced their contact so I was just lightly being felt by their lips and tongues. A nice easy slide to my after cum. They were nuzzling me. I was coming down smooth, it felt so good. 

I got to really look at the man I thought of as the hottest Bel Ami model. Great eyes, looking at me with sex in his eyes. He gave me a slight smile. I gave him a quick peck on the lips. 

The men used their hands to gently rub over me, finishing up a great session. They slowed, letting me come down easy. After a while, they slipped out. Genie appeared "That seemed fun."

"Oh, it was. Trust me." I said. I propped myself up on some pillows. "I just let them work on my body. I didn't give back at all."

"You liked it?" Genie asked.

"Yeah. Not something I want to do all the time. I like sucking and being part of it, but every so often, just being the center of attention is great."

Genie looked a bit relieved. "Good. That way you probably won't be just laying there."

"Yeah." I agreed. "If you keep getting me such hot guys, I'm going to have to spend more time in the gym so I can really enjoy it."

"I can make the guys be into you no matter what." Genie said.

"I'm sure, but when I started college I put on a little weight. I was watching myself get fucked in a mirror. I'd scored this hot guy in my history class, and I could see a bit of my belly moving. Made me a little limp. I dropped the weight and got him to fuck me again and had a much better time. So I want to stay tight."

"Well, you are tight. Really good abs on you." Genie looked appreciatively at me. 

"Awww, you make me blush." I said back. "Gym tomorrow, I promise. So do I get a reward if I work out really hard?"

"What do you think you'll want?" Genie smiled at me. 

"How about a gym rat? Ooo, it would be great to watch him work out naked first. Can you arrange that?" I asked.

"Hmmm. Yes, Master, I can. So a change in venue? Fucking on the mats?" Genie replied.

"Yeah, that sounds great. Really something for me to look forward to." I said.