 We have a local Men's Club/Bathhouse that I usually go to meet a friend. Typical bathhouse with a steam room, a couple of video rooms, open showers, outdoor swimming pool and jaccuzzi, and plenty of private rooms for play. For a few hours we get a private room to play. It's cheaper than renting a motel room. 

One day I went to meet up with a friend of mine. Just as I arrived I received a text that he got called back to work. I already notified work I was taking a longer lunch so I went in anyway and got a room. I figured I would check out the pool and steam room. 

I grabbed my towel and headed to the showers. I'm 5'6", 170lbs, moderately hairy, brown hair, brown eyes, very small flaccid cock that grows to a respectful 5.5" fat cock. After my nice hot shower my balls hung low and my half hard cock flopped around in front of me leading the way back to my room. 

I'm bi versatile that leans more to being a bottom submissive type guy. I guess being a boss at work and head of the household at home gets monotonous, when I'm with men I want to give that all up and let them think for me. Tell me what to do. 

I love the exhibitionism of this bathhouse, men walking around naked and free for everyone to see. As I strolled down the hall, with my towel around my neck, this guy put his hand on my chest and was very confident as he spoke to me. 

I quickly glanced over his frame to size him up. He was about 5'10", very hairy, olive toned skin, bright green eyes, and long dark eyelashes. He was very aggressive, but in a nice way, and very handsome. 

He grabbed me and squeezed my ass as he leaned forward and whispered in my ear, "Please tell me you're a bottom, I'm so horny?" 

I obediently shook my head yes and continued down the hall as he followed me to my room. As soon as we walked through the door he spun me around to face him and placed his hands firmly on my shoulders, he pressed down forcing me to my knees. His towel dropped to the floor as my face became level with his cock. 

What a nice cock he had, it was perfect, about 6 or 7 inches. He put his hand behind my head and pulled me to his crotch. My face smashed against his balls and I inhaled. His pubic hair was dark black and so soft. He smelled clean and fresh from the shower. He was very vocal, which I love. He grabbed his cock and rubbed it across my face. 

Then he took the tip of his cock and rubbed it across my lips, "You want this don't you baby? Go ahead and suck me, get me nice and hard so I can fuck that pretty pussy of yours."

I just opened my mouth and let his cock pass my teeth and rest on my tongue. He immediately started to get hard in my mouth. He encouraged me to suck and lick him. He was calling me his little cock sucker and fuck boy. I loved it.

I continued to explore the growing cock in my mouth. My tongue raced around the head feeling the soft spongy tip, darting into the hole searching for some precum. 

As I sucked his cock my hands felt up and down his soft hairy legs. He was nice and hard now. I took one last lick at his cockhead, lapping up the clear slippery liquid that was forming at its opening. 

He pulled me up, turned me towards the bed, and bent me over. I heard the rustle of plastic being torn as he pulled out a condom. He rolled the condom on his stiff member.

He rubbed his cock up and down my ass, "I'm going to fuck me nice and slow so you can enjoy every stroke of my cock. That's what you want isn't it pussy boy? You want me to fuck your tight pussy?"

He asked for some lube but I forgot to grab some when I checked into my room. I was so horny that I grabbed my cock and gave it a couple of quick jerks. I barely gave it a squeeze before I shot my load in my hand. I used my own cum as lube. I reached between my legs and slapped my handful of cum between my ass cheeks. I let him watch as I pushed my cum into my ass. I finger fucked myself trying to stretch and lube my pussy with my cum. 

"That is so fucking hot baby. Ya lube that pussy with your cum. Mmmm so nice." He cheered me on.

He dragged his cockhead up and down my ass, collecting more of my cum and placing it at my entrance. He applied pressure to my hole and pressed his cock into me. He pushed my own cum into my ass. After a couple of short jabs his cockhead slipped into me and right past my tight ring. Note to self, cum makes the best lube.

He started to fuck me with long slow strikes. He was really turned on by using my cum. "OH ya baby, I'm going to fuck you with your own cum. I've been working on the road all day and need your tight pussy to release my load. You're so nice and tight. You're a good little pussy boy. You like my big cock to fuck you don't you pussy boy?"

I was grunting and pushing back against him wanting all of his cock in me. I reached down, grabbed my cock, and squeezed out more cum into my hand. I brought my cum covered hand up to my mouth. I licked it off my hand making sure he was watching me from the large mirror hung on the wall. 

"That is so fucking hot," He said as he began to pound me harder, "Is this what you want, a nice hard fucking?"

I pushed my hands against the wall and looked back at him "Yes, yes, fuck me like the pussy boy I am. Harder please. Fuck me harder."

He tightened his hands on my hips and started to pull me back hard against him. His cock was the perfect length, not too long but long enough to push against my prostate. My cum was still dripping streams from my cockhead. I wasn't hard and my cock just kept flopping back and forth dripping cum all over the bed.

He finally pulled me tight against him and announced he was cumming. I wished he wasn't covered so that I could feel his hot seed squirt deep inside of me. He grabbed my hair and pulled me up to him kissing me hard as he unloaded into me.

He pulled out his deflating cock from my well fucked pussy. I turned and fell on the bed. I could feel my wet cum on my back as I lay on the cum covered sheets. He leaned down and kissed me again, "You're one hot fuck pussy boy"

He tossed the used condom in the waste basket as he walked out and left me lying there, with the door open. I never even got his name. I was so well fucked I didn't care. I just wanted someone else to pass by my open door and fuck me again, anonymously.

That was so fun.