 *This is a real story, my own story in fact. It's about one of my sex buddy, and to protect his privacy and confidentiality, I shall call him Rick for the purpose of this story. Please forgive my poor command in English! Let me know what you think.*

__________________________________________________

Chapter 1: Rick


As he caressed my body more and more passionately with his fatherly hands, I could feel his hairy arm brush against my right nipple, and he made me feel so good I could not hold it any longer. I stroked my cock faster and faster, knowing that I would cum very soon. 

"Daddy it feels so good I'm going to cum!" 

I moaned involuntarily after those words escaped my mouth. 

"Cum for me you little slut. Cum for daddy!" 

That did it for me. I shot string after string of milky cum onto my tummy, chest and pubic region. I even had some of my own juice on my chin. I giggled at myself, thinking about how horny I must've been. 

Rick crept closer towards me, and licked the cum off my chin. It was almost as if we could read each other's minds when we deep kissed each other simultaneously, with Rick inserting his whole tongue into my mouth and shared my own juice with me. After a while, Rick got up and walked towards the bathroom.

"That was hot, daddy. Thank you" I said to him when he returned and was standing beside my cum filled body. 

"You are welcome son, let me clean you up" Rick had some toilet papers with him, he wiped the cum off my body, gently and lovingly.

I laid in bed thinking to myself, I am a really lucky boy for having such a gentle daddy to love and fuck me. Of course, he's not my real father, he's my sex buddy, we just enjoy calling each other dad and son. When he's done cleaning me, he led me up and we went to take a shower together.

It was about a year ago when I first met him. I was a curious young man who needed to explore his sexuality. I lost my virginity when I was 20 years old, and before that I was a good boy. I only masturbated and did not dare to do anything naughty. But I was always sure of one thing. I always knew that I'm gay and I have a very unique taste when it comes to men--I like my men older and matured. 

Growing up, I used to watch some Western Movie on Malaysian TV, and whenever I see Caucasian men like Harrison Ford, Pierce Brosnan, George Clooney etc nude on television, even if they were only topless I would get so excited and horny. It turns me on so badly seeing their hairy chested body, and a sexiness that they possess which only comes with age. 

That was when I knew I love and admire older men, and my fantasy has always been to make love to a Caucasian man. A hairy, mature Caucasian gentleman. But it seems so unrealistic when I was younger, because I had no opportunity of meeting one at all. I was so worried it would never happen for me.

It all changed when I hit 20. After losing my virginity I was even more sure of who I am and I was keen to explore more. I started surfing gay networking sites and going to gay saunas. I met some guys who were really nice, and to be honest that's more than the share that I deserve, as I am a chubby boy. Hence I am very grateful for being able to meet the people who liked me for who I am, and look beyond who I appear to be. 

As my visits to sauna get more regular, I met more people and I really enjoyed doing that. Getting to know other people's story while having mutual enjoyment together. It was like a dream came true for me, okay maybe half a dream. As much as I hate to admit, I only got to meet locals and some Middle Eastern tourist in saunas. There would be some Caucasian men too, but most preferred the skinny and young boys. I was no match for them. I need a daddy to make my fantasies come true. I needed a CAUCASIAN DADDY.

Well to be honest I have met several Caucasian men in sauna before Rick. There were a few Caucasian daddies that played with me and we're still friends either on Facebook or we keep in touch via e-mail. There was even this very successful daddy that I miss until today. I just could not forget what we shared and I could not stop asking myself "what if". What if I tried harder? Or what if I tried too hard? Those questions doesn't seem to matter, because he never replied any of my emails anymore. But that's another story. My point is that Rick was not my first Caucasian daddy, but he was my first sex buddy, ever.

One fine Tuesday afternoon, I finished attending morning lectures and there was no more classes in the afternoon. I wasn't occupied and had nothing to do, so I went straight to the sauna that I always go to, which was around KL Sentral, a main transit hub that connects most of the major public transportation here in Kuala Lumpur. This is why the crowd here is so diversified. From locals to tourists, you can find them all here. That's why I like this sauna so much.

After I parked my car at a back alley behind the sauna, I walked around the building, towards the sauna's entrance, which was not very obvious- to prevent any unwanted attention. I took the stairs up to the second floor and the receptionist saw me through the glass door, which he then opened the door for me. I paid the entrance fee, and entered the door that led to the sauna behind the receptionist.

As I already knew my way around the sauna, I went into the locker area and unlocked my locker. There was a mature man beside me, also checking on his locker. I opened my locker and inserted my slippers and sling bag into the locker. After that, I stripped in front of the mature man, and he stared at me for a moment. 

My body isn't the mainstream kind of attractive body. Even though I'm a Chinese chubby boy, I'm a very tall boy . For an Asian, my 185cm height makes me seem like a giant (average Malaysian height for male is 163cm). I have fair skin complexion for an Asian, and I'm smooth, with a few strings of hair on my chest area. I smiled to that mature man as I wrapped a towel around me, and I walked further into the sauna after locking my locker.

The crowd on that day was just alright, perhaps because it was a Tuesday. I checked all the facilities- The TV Lounge area, the steam room, the dry sauna, the shower area, the smoking area, the dark room, the internet zone and a narrow corridor that leads to another smoking area, but there was no one who attracted me. Most were younger boys and daddies who are shorter (I like my man tall). I was a little disappointed, so I went to the smoking area beside the TV Lounge area to relax. There was no one there, or so I thought.

I was sitting on a wooden bench, when I heard noises coming out of one of the occupied cubicles. A guy was moaning and I heard another voice which was deeper growl, and there was this continuous fapping sound with a constant rhythm. I immediately knew what was going on. Someone was getting fucked in there! 

It lasted for about another 5 minutes, then it stopped. The door opened and a slim looking young boy, who I guessed was Malay (Fun facts: Malaysian main races- Malay~60%, Chinese~23%, Indian~7%, others are minorities) walked out of the cubicle with one hand behind his back holding onto his towel, and after he walked past me I looked back into the cubicle. What I was about to see, I was not expecting it at all.

There he was, standing at 5'9 and about 80KGs, was a Caucasian daddy, and he was completely naked, without a string attached to his body. My jaw dropped and my heart started to pound faster, while admiring this naked daddy. He was drying his pepper grey hair with his towel, and he's a very hairy daddy. 

I began scanning his delicious naked body. He has hairy chest and his chest hair is grayish-white in color. His nipples were still hard, probably due to the "vigorous activity" that he had, and they were pointy and I was this close to move towards him and suck his nipples. 

What else was hard was his penis that one could not miss- it was poking out of his blondish-grey pubic hair, not long, but it was extremely thick and his mushroom head was purplish red and it was huge. I could not even imagine how that Malay boy took it in his ass. As he was very fair, his brown body hair on his arm, shoulder and thighs could be clearly seen. He was a handsome daddy. No kidding, he looks a lot like Harrison Ford, but his nose is more fleshy and he looks older. His hairy tummy was round but even without touching it, I knew it was solid.

I got so carried away staring at this sexy daddy I did not realize he was looking at me too. 

"Hello there." 

"Hi, Sir" I quickly looked away, worried that he thought my stare was not polite. 

He seemed to know what I was thinking about, and he said to me, 

"It's okay dear, you can look at me" 

God I was so turned on by the way he spoke to me. With his dick still semi hard and pointing towards me, he crept closer until he was standing in front of me. His dick was right in front of my mouth. I could not breathe. 

"That's a very nice penis Sir, I bet that boy really enjoyed it very much" 

He smiled and sat two seats beside me. He introduced himself as Rick. We chatted and through it all I could not keep my eyes off his penis. I learned that he came from Australia, and was a tourist travelling around the world after his retirement. When he told me about his age I was really shocked—he was 66! 

I was really impressed that he was still so strong at his age and I complimented him about it. "It's all thanks to a magic blue pill dear" I thought he was joking because I did not know what Viagra was. We got more comfortable talking to each other, and he invited me to sit beside him. I could not say no to that.

We continued talking, about everything. I told him more about myself and how I like Caucasian older men. He laughed and told me he only likes Asian men. He told me about his health condition too—his breathing is not very smooth because he has some issue with his heart. He could never fuck someone and cum in them due to his breathing problem . He could only jerked off because fucking and cumming in one's ass was too vigorous. 

I was getting a bit sentimental because I was genuinely worried about him, and he seemed to notice. 

"It's okay dear, that just means I can fuck someone bare and not cumming in them , which is safer!" 

I smiled at his joke and asked: 

"So that Malay boy didn't make you cum?" 

"He did not, he was not very experienced, I was just fucking him to please him"

"You're so kind Sir". 

I soon found his hand on my right thigh and slowly caressing it . I got so turned on my Asian dick is tingling under my towel and starting to get hard. 

"Can I please touch your hairy chest, sir?" 

"Go ahead dear."

Sitting across him, I reached out my right hand and laid it gently on his chest. His hair felt so nice and so smooth , I could not stop moving my hands on his chest. I proceeded to play with his pink pointy nipples which was still hard, and he let out a soft moan. I followed the trail of the hair on his belly and I reached the region that I wanted to see more of. 

I looked up into his blue eyes and he smiled at me, giving me the green light to remove his towel. And I did just that. I was wondering to myself how could he still be hard after all the chatting and talking, then I was reminded that it was thanks to the magic blue pills. 

I wrapped my hands around the shaft of his erect penis and he was very excited when he saw the look of approval from my, recognizing how beautiful his penis was. I gently stroke his cock with one hand, while my other hand touched his blondish-grey pubic region, then moved slowly to play with his hanging balls, which looked like a pair of balls you would only find on a bull!

After admiring my new buddy's body for about 10 minutes, I got a little sentimental and emotional. Sitting beside me is a Caucasian man that I have always wanted to meet. Unlike anyone else, he was kind to me. He talks to me. He took time to get to know me. Which nobody else seems to do nowadays (not even to a non-chub). He didn't judge me for being a chubby. Normally people just hear that you're chubby then they'd ask you to fuck off. Although things are different in real life thanks to my somewhat good looks and my height that seem to make up for my weight, I was really thankful to Rick for accepting me as I am, look beyond my outer appearance, and got to know me as a person.

While holding his erect cock, I looked into his deep blue eyes, and caught him looking back at me. With a serious tone I said to him, 

"Rick, I am really enjoying myself. Thank you so much for being so kind to me and allowing me to appreciate your body. I am really, really thankful."

He smiled acknowledging my statement, and just as I was about let go of his penis, Rick gently pet the back of my head and said, 

"You're welcome, but we are so not done here." 

He pulled me towards him and kissed me on my lips. I was really surprised but it was certainly a pleasant surprise. I closed my eyes as I enjoyed what he was doing to me. Rick was not a typical deep kisser. He inserted his whole tongue into my mouth and moved it around in my mouth. Our saliva mixed and it tasted amazing. 

He carefully pulled my body close to his by grabbing my waist, while we were both seated. I started allowing my hands to run wildly on his hairy and sexy body, appreciating every inch with my touch. Rick was using his magic on me too. He was touching my thighs and he reached into my towels and got hold of my flaccid dick. 

I was surely horny as hell, it's just that because of my weight, my penis doesn't get erect unless I play with it. He didn't seem to mind. He was playing with my dick, and collecting some of my precum with his fingers, before he broke the kiss and tasted it. He proceeded to fondle with my ass, and he wanted me to remove my towels, but I was shy, as many people were already peeking from around the corner. 

"Shall we bring this inside a cubicle?" I asked while standing up. 

"Oh yeah" He stood up and didn't bother putting a towel around his waist. I grabbed his dick and led him into the a cubicle.

Once we were inside, I locked the door and turned around, to find that Rick was giving me this admiring stare, he was like a hungry wolf ready to grab his prey. I teased him by slowly putting my hands behind my waist, turned around and slowly removing my towel, exposing my full and extremely big ass cheeks to him. Rick was definitely happy with what he saw, because in less than 10 seconds he was grabbing both my ass cheeks in his hands already. 

With his erect dick stabbing on my abdomen, he was deep kissing me again. This time both of us were standing, we were hugging each other so tightly, there was no space in between our body. I could feel his skin and hairy body rubbing against mine as he deep kissed me while grabbing my ass. I was in heaven.

Rick was a very experienced lover, unlike the ones I met before. I bet he fucked at least 200 other boys like me. It didn't bother me, because at that moment, he was there with me. I could feel his passion and his desire to make love to me. We were kissing for what seemed like forever, before we stopped and I noticed his swelled dick was begging for some attention.

"Shall I start working on that?" I asked Rick while signaling his dick. 

"Baby, you can do whatever you want to your daddy." 

That got me horny as fuck so I got on my knees as started to suck on his extremely beautiful penis. I was new at sex, but thanks to the research and a few practices that I got in the sauna, I was getting pretty good at it. Rick seemed to agree with me as he started to moan while I was sucking him. I sucked harder and faster, occasionally licking his bull balls. He rested one of his arm on his hips, and the other was placed behind my head, gently touching my hair. 

"You really like daddy's dick huh? You little slut?" As my mouth was full with his dick, I looked up to him and smiled with my eyes, and I massaged the base of his shaft with my tongue. He brushed my hair again, appreciating what I was doing.

"Baby I want to fuck you now." 

Rick finally told me after I sucked his dick for some time. 

"But I have not..." 

"Have not been fucked before?" 

Rick interrupted me before I could let his dick out of my mouth to reply the sentence in full. 

"No daddy, I just have not been fucked by a dick as big as yours. I'm afraid you'd tear me apart with that monster." 

He laughed. 

"Don't worry sweetheart, daddy will be gentle." 

His assurance was what I needed. 

"Let me go get some lube, and condom."

"Sweetheart there's no need to use condom, I can't cum inside u, you'd have to suck me off later." 

"I'd love to daddy." 

I said as I went out, to the locker area and got my tube of lube. When I got back inside the cubicle, daddy was already stroking his dick, preparing to destroy his boy's cunt. I bent over, pointing my ass towards him. Ass in the air, hands on the ground.

Rick applied some lube on his fingers and my hole and inserted a finger into my ass. It felt really nice and my dick started responding, I didn't know why. As he fucked me with his finger, I was moaning as loud as I wanted to. 

"Oh yes daddy that feels really really good. Please don't stop daddy." 

He gently inserted another finger, then another one until there were 3 fingers in my ass hole. He drilled me deep and hard, to help me relax my muscles. When he stopped, I begged, 

"Please daddy, fuck me. Fuck me now!" 

He did just as he was told. Rick pointed his large mushroom head at the opening of my ass and started applying pressure. When it didn't budge I thought it was stuck, then thanks to the lube, his dick head slide into my ass, and I let out a soft moan. It was painful at first, but bearable. He thrust forward, inserting inch by inch into my hungry hole. Suddenly I felt his bull balls against my ass. He was completely in.

Rick was enjoying my hole as he was moaning when he was inside of me. After a few minutes, my ass got used to his dick's thickness, and he started to move in and out of my hole. The friction between his cock and the muscles in my hole was creating fireworks. We were both enjoying it so much, and our movements were in sync. He'd thrust forward while I move my ass backwards to receive the thrust. It was magical. 

"Is this what you want son, to be drilled by your daddy?" 

"Yes daddy fuck me harder! Please!" 

He fucked me harder and harder, producing a loud slapping sound when his body hit my butt cheeks.

After a while, he pulled out and lied down with his back on the floor. 

"Sit on daddy's cock son." 

I was worried I'd hurt him, as I'm a big sized boy. 

"Don't worry I'll be fine, just don't apply too much pressure on my tummy." 

I obeyed, stood up and positioned my ass on daddy's stiff, fat rod. I impaled myself onto him, it felt so full I loved his cock in my ass so much. I moved with caution as I didn't want to put any of my body weight on Rick's tummy. I'm guessing it'd affect his breathing. I moved my ass up and down, then left it mid air for daddy to move his hips and fuck me on his own. He did so and produced more slapping voice.

Rick was starting to breathe more heavily. After a while he was panting. I got worried so I got up, removing my ass from his rod, and a 'pop' sound was heard. 

"Are you alright, daddy?" 

"Yes, I just need to catch my breath." 

"I'm sorry I must've been too hard to handle." 

"It's okay it happens all the time. I told you about my breathing problem." 

He looked at me and smiled, 

"You were such a naughty slut" I smiled as I helped him to get on his knees. This 66 years old man had just fuck the shit out of me, and I loved every second of it. 

I rinsed his dick clean and put it back into my mouth. I sucked and sucked while using both my hands to pinch his nipples. Rick, who had resumed his normal breathing, moaned louder and louder. I knew he was close. He just needed an extra push. 
