 He was, simply put, exotic. Tall, lean, athletic, with skin so dark and smooth. He moved with cat like grace, and the sweat of the gym glistened on his face. We exchanged knowing glances in the locker room, and he gave me a glimpse of his naked form, causing my own body to stir in anticipation of the pleasures he intimated.

We met in the parking lot and he asked me to follow him home. Minutes later we met in the parking lot of his condo and we wordlessly walked together to his door. 

As the door closed behind us he turned and kissed me deeply on the mouth and then took me by the hand and led me to his living room. He flicked on the fireplace and we stood in the soft, flickering glow. He smiled and began to undress me. When he grasped my pants and slid them down, freeing my love pole, his mouth encircled me and sucked me deeply. As I stepped out of my pants, his hands grasped my ass cheeks and pulled me closer, sucking me as his fingers probed at my hole. 

I let the waves of pleasure wash over me for several minutes, fucking his mouth like it was the place my cock belonged, enjoying the feel of his fingers at my own love opening. Finally I pulled away and reached down and tugged at his t-shirt. I wanted to see him naked. I lusted for the sight of his hard cock, his muscled abs, and his puckered fuck hole.

I stepped back as he stood and stripped. His cock was long and thick and hard. I grasped it with my hand and lovingly stroked it, imagining how it would look and feel spewing love nectar on my belly, or in my mouth, or deep inside my belly.

He told me to wait just a minute, and returned momentarily with a bottle of lube.

He stood in the firelight and poured the lube on to his chest and I knelt before him and began to rub it all over his body. My mouth found his bulbous cockhead as I massaged him and I made love to him with my tongue and lips as my hands explored his body. When my fingers found his opening he squatted slightly to give me better access and I robed even deeper, eventually plunging two fingers into his hungry hole. His moans of pleasure let me know that he wanted to be fucked. I was only partly disappointed, as a fuck is still a fuck, even though I couldn't shake my desire to have his thick manshaft erupting in my mouth or my asshole.

He eventually pulled his cock from my eager mouth and joined me on the floor. We kissed and masturbated each other for several minutes before he lay on his back and pulled his legs all the way back behind his arms. His asshole was a hot pink invitation surrounded by glistening coffee colored flesh. Even more erotic, was that he could lean his head forward and swallow half of his own cock. It was mansex made magnificent.

I poured lube on my cock and he grasped me and guided me to his hole. I slipped my cockhead past his sphincter and paused, enjoying the warmth and grip of his flesh on mine, before plunging hard and deep.

Our manfuck was hard and intense. I took his cock in my hand and stroked him as I pistoned in and out of his love hole, while his lips stayed firmly wrapped around the upper half of his 9" fuck tool. In just a few minutes his moans turned to cries and as I watched delighted, his man nectar erupted in beautiful gossamer streams straight into his open, hungry mouth. It was beautiful and erotic and amazing all at once, and when his climax had passed I pressed my mouth to his and we shared a cum-filled kiss as my own manhood exploded inside his warm, tight fuckhole.

We stayed locked together and we brought each other to climax one more time without pause.

We shared his bed for the night, and in the morning, I felt the power of his cock inside me, and when I left that afternoon, the taste of his cum was still on my tongue. 

We met again that night, and his lust was hard and sure. He filled my fuckhole with his manhood and we brought each other to climax several times before falling to an exhausted sleep.

I awoke to his hard cock against my hip, and he lovingly masturbated me as he whispered to me how he wanted to share me with his friends. He described in great detail how he would love to watch me sucking their cocks and seeing their cum slathered on my face, and how we would share the creamy treasures that I would bring forth with my tongue and lips. I came into his hand and we greedily licked the sticky drops before he rolled over on top of me and came in my mouth.

I lay in bed afterward and listened to him shower. He kissed me before he left and gave me the time and address for the following night. 

I could barely contain my excitement, and worked both days in a state of constant semi-arousal. I worried that one of my regular fuck-buddies might come by, sense my excitement and possibly entice me into a quick encounter, but none did.

A gorgeous middle-aged man met me at the door when I arrived at my appointed place and time. He was wearing a silk kimono and nothing else. He smiled and kissed me on the cheek, and took me by the hand and led me to a bedroom. His femininity was warm and enticing, and he helped me undress. He openly admired my body, and his hands were tender and loving as he rubbed oil all over my body. He knelt behind me and spread my cheeks and used his long, gentle fingers to lube my love hole before stand and turning me to face him. He dropped his kimono and pulled me to him and kissed me gently on the mouth as he pressed his beautiful hard manhood against mine. I found myself drawn to his sexuality and could easily have spent the night enjoying the kinds of pleasure he undoubtedly knew how to give with his mouth and ass.

Silently, he turned and led me by the hand to another room down the hallway. The door was open and it was lit with red and purple lights, along with the blue light of video screens.

My new lover and three other men awaited me. Two were older, one apparently the partner of the man who had greeted me, and one was younger than me. They were all nicely tanned and fit, their bodies glistening with oil and sweat, their cocks erect and eager. In each corner of the room, video monitors displayed hot imagery of cocks and assholes and mouths and cum that had been shot in this very room.

My lover took me and kissed me deep on the mouth, his hardness brushing against my thigh. I wanted him. I wanted them all! I wanted them to fuck my mouth and my wanton asshole until they were spent! I was dizzyingly turned on by the thought of being used as a fuck toy by 4 studs and a beautifully feminine man with a massive cock.

My lover asked me who I wanted first, and my gaze went to the man who had welcomed me to what was undoubtedly his home. I went to my knees in front of him and wrapped my mouth around his manhood. His hand caressed my face as I sucked him, and then he moved to the table in the center of the room. I was handed a dildo and he opened his legs wide for me, exposing his pucker hole for me. I worked the toy into him and fucked him while I sucked and jerked him off at the same time. Someone's fingers found my own exposed hole and slipped into me. This was FUN!

My partner cried out and a gusher of warm cream spilled from his love tool. I watched the first spurts with delighted fascination before plunging my mouth down his shaft and sucking the hot seed from him. When the trembling of his climax ceased, I let him squeeze the dildo out of his hole, and smiled up at the other men while dribbles of man milk ran from the corners of my mouth. My lover kissed me and drew another man close. 

It was the young, blond stud. He gripped my head with his hands and began to fuck my mouth. My lover knelt beside me, occasionally letting his tongue touch the eager cock that I was loving. The young blond's orgasm was quick and powerful. Hot spurts of man nectar shot to the back of my mouth, and he kept pistoning in and out as he came. His breath came in sharp gasps as his body shuddered with the intense pleasure we shared. My mouth was full of cum, and I let it spill erotically as I drew every last wave of pleasure from his body. Finally he withdrew from me, his cock hanging limp, and my tongue reached out to catch the last droplet of nectar as it dripped from his piss slit. 

I was gasping for breath. Cum was running down my face and dripping on to my chest. A trickle of pre-cum ran down the length of my cock all the way to my balls. I was in glorious, lusty, fuck-heaven!

Another man stepped forward. Before I could take him in my mouth, my lover did. I watched, transfixed as he sucked greedily at the cock I wanted to suck. When he turned and kissed me, his hand kept stroking this gorgeous love stick and then he brought it to my mouth. This time he simply masturbated our partner while I passively held my mouth around his purpler cock head.

His orgasm was more gentle in nature, but seemed never ending. Spurt after spurt after spurt of love nectar simply spilled out of him and washed over my tongue. At that moment, the last man- the man of the house- moved near us and began to cum as I moved to take him in my mouth. His climax anointed my face and chest before I could capture the final eruptions. Moans of approval filled the room as my lover and I kissed and shared the creamy treasures. 

At that point, my body was on fire with lust, and I craved the feel of hard cock stretching my fuck hole. But, I would have to wait.

My lover took me in his arms and we lay back on the couch together as the young blond went on all fours on the table. The "lord" of the house and his lover reclined opposite us, and the other man mounted the young blond from behind. 

Their fuck was erotically intense, and they climaxed together, both of them crying out loudly as waves of pleasure washed over them. The blond shot another magnificent wad of cum on to the table beneath him without ever touching himself, and the older man plunged deep inside him and loosed his balls a moment later. 

The couple of the house were next. The femme lay on his back and spread his legs wide for his lover who rammed into him with little preamble. They fucked long and slow, like I imagine they did often. The bottom masturbated slowly and in rhythm with the fuck of his partner and I gasped with astonishment at the scope of his carnal explosion. Cum gushed forth and spilled all over his belly and then his partner pulled out and came into his waiting mouth as the rest of us called out our approval. Their lovemaking was erotic, tender, and beautiful all at once.

I went to my back on the fuck table and drew my lover close. My hand found his cock and guided it to my hole. Our mouths locked together as he slipped into me. I wrapped my legs and arms around him and we fucked with the kind of passion that gets built up over two hours of cocksucking and fuck-watching. He came almost immediately and I followed. My cock was squeezed between our bellies and my cum smeared all over both of us. We kept fucking and kissing as the owners filmed us and only a few minutes later I was ready for another climax. I wanted the others to see me cum, and we shifted slightly so that they could all see my cock erupt with a burst of creamy nectar and as I did, my lover rammed deeper and harder and shot another load into my warm love hole as we roared with pleasure, confident that the sounds of our fuck lust were confined to this room.

As our pleasure subsided, and he gently fucked me while cum dribbled from my asshole, I smiled up at him and asked if the rest of them could fuck me, too. He kissed my cummy mouth and told me he would love to watch me fuck with his friends.

My body was eager, and for another hour I was a fuck toy. They took me from every position, and by the time all four of the other men, including the well hung "mistress" of the house had found pleasure in my love hole, I was ready to cum one more time. My lover lay over me and took me in his mouth as I wrapped my lips around his appendage and we brought each other to climax one last time before we all stumbled hazily off to the various bedrooms of the big house.

I awoke to sounds of mansex, and my lover and I lay back on the bed and masturbated together to the sounds of other men fucking. After licking each other clean, we showered and quietly left.

There were many other nights to come at that house.