 I gripped the bedsheet when he pushed in deep to finish inside me with a loud grunt. He then smacked my ass and placed a 20 next to me head. I turned around to get dressed again as he gushed about how amazing my ass was and asked how a prostitute could stay so tight. He was Underworld but at least he paid, must be my reputation I assumed. So many Underworld scum refused to pay their sex workers. I know that's a stereotype but if you're a pushover then it's more of a reality.

I smirked and said it was my natural tightness as I redonned my jean shorts that barely covered my ass cheeks and pocketed the tattered but still valuable note with a likeness to a long dead monarch printed on it. I then put my thin black Tshirt back on followed by my knee high boots to complete my outfit which also consisted of fishnet stocking with many of the holes too big and a black leather choker. My clients always told me I gave off a rough vibe and that I must like it rough. Well if you pay you can be as rough as you want, it only costs 20 per night in the hotel I practically lived in, one perk of which was that it had running water.

A rare commodity after the world went to shit, but that's how I came to choose sex work, it was a good way to make money for an effeminate boy such as myself and way better than breaking my back labouring 10 hours a day. It seemed only 2 things kept their value after the fabled "society" ended, sex and money.

I grabbed my satchel bag and thanked my most recent client and exited his flat, this has been my routine for 3 years since not long after I turned 18 and needed to find work. Not that it was a bad job, I rather enjoyed having sex multiple times a day.

I descended the stairway to the road and passed two guards, they paid no attention to me. While they were on shift at least. I had no worries about being arrested by them as a lot of them were clients of mine. They were just as rough with me as the Underworld lot but they paid so I wouldn't grass them up to the Higher-ups. 

There was one guard however that was more sadistic than the rest, he usually bought me twice or 3 times a month. He would beat my dick with his nightstick until I could barely stand and make me kneel and clean his boots with my tongue and when he would fuck me he would more often than not make me suck on his pistol. He seemed to enjoy the fear in my misty eyes and the drool escaping from my mouth, it was no problem though because he paid triple the usual price. It seemed the more someone paid me the rougher I would let them be with me.

I got to the hotel I lived in and gave the landlady the 20 I had just earned before going up the stairs to my 2nd floor room. I got to my door and rummaged my satchel for my key, it was underneath my knife, lipstick, eyeliner and 4 other 20s I had made today. I opened my door, peeled off all of my clothes and took a shower, the water had decided to be hot that day so I took my time, rubbing the soap bar against my body, starting with my arms progressing to my underarms and chest before sliding it down to my dick and balls. Then I stroked my ass with the cleansing block of chemicals before going down my legs and feet.

After my shower I got sleepy so I dried off and collapsed naked on top of the cream sheets of the bed, my eyes were facing the torn curtains and the evening sky as they closed.

I awoke to a loud banging on my room door, my eyes opened to see the sunrise as I lifted myself from the bed and put on a thin pale blue gown before answering the door. The early morning caller was a mid height stocky man in a suit, an Underworld higher-up by the looks of him.

"Please come in" I yawned a little and he entered my room.

He was straight to business. "There's a job for you"

I loosened the gown but he stopped me. "Not that kind of job, and not for me." His voice was rough, it sounded like he was from the Eastern Quarter of the city which was strange because we were in the North Side. The Eastern Quarter was mostly across the river.

I fixed the gown and asked "Then who's it for?"

"John Marble, the boss." He answered gruffly. I was taken aback, Marble practically ran the Eastern Quarter, what did he want with me?

I asked his crony in my room and he replied, "Marble's looking for a bodyguard, who can pass off as a concubine." I raised my eyebrows a little, my reputation for not being messed with was well known in the North Side but I had no clue that word had spread. "The pays 100 a week and you get accommodation in Marbles personal apartment." He continued. "So are you up for it?"

I thought about it, the pay was not all that great but it would be enough to get me by, especially with a free place to stay. 

I decided I would take the job and nodded to the man in the suit, I was moving to the Eastern Quarter to serve an Underworld Kingpin.