 It was 10pm and I was waiting on the train platform. The anticipation of what was about to happened consumed me. I was boarding this train to meet, for the first time, a young man named Jordan, who I had met on a dating app, and we planned to turn our train car into our sex playground.

A short while after arriving, the train pulled up, the doors opened, and I boarded. To my delight the train car was empty, as planned, and, in two stops, the young man would board. As the train pulled away, I messaged Jordan to let him know that I had found an empty car and which one it was. The short distance to his stopped seemed to take forever as I grew hornier and more excited by the moment. However, was finally arrived at his stop, with a still empty train car, the doors opened, and he boarded. When he did, I was primed and ready to get started.

As soon as Jordan boarded the train I grabbed him, planted a kiss on his lips, and pulled him into the bathroom. The bathroom was to be our home base if we needed to hide quickly. Luckily for us though, no more passengers would be boarding as the train wasn't making anymore stops until our destination an hour away.

Once in the bathroom, we continued to kiss as we took each other's clothes off. Upon removing Jordan's clothes I was confronted with a sexy 20 year old body with toned peck, muscular broad shoulders, and a chiseled 6-pack I just wanted to lick. Most important of all though was his delicious cock. Seven inches and girthy, Jordan was rock hard and standing at attention. All I wanted was his gorgeous smooth body all over me, and his rock hard cock deep inside me. For Jordan, he got to lay eyes on my muscular 27 year old body. I have similarly toned pecks and arms, but only slightly visible abs. I have a nice six inch cock, but the true treat for Jordan was my smooth, toned, tight bubble butt.

With our clothes now removed and stored in our home base, I opened the door and we exited into the very public train car. At this point I could wait any longer and got down on my knees and took Jordan's cock in my mouth. It was the most delicious thing I had ever tasted and it fit my mouth perfectly. I could feel the tip of his cock sliding down the back on my throat every time I bottomed out. I couldn't get enough of his cock, but the excitement was so much for me that I needed something more, so I stood up, walked to my bag and pulled out my six inch ribbed dildo and lube. As I lubed up the dildo I looked at Jordan and told him I was going to get warmed up while I sucked on his cock. I walked back over to where he was standing, placed the lubed dildo on the floor and got back down on my knees as I slid the dildo into my tight hole. I began bouncing on my dildo and once I got a rhythm going I told Jordan to put his cock back in my mouth. He was more than happy to oblige and began to face fuck me as I bounced wildly taking all six inches of my dildo deep in my ass.

Eventually Jordan wanted more than my mouth too and was ready for the main event, my ass. He removed his cock from my mouth and told to bend over the seat. I did as I was told and Jordan went over to the lube I had taken out of my bag earlier and lubed up his cock. We had already discussed multiple times that the only way I wanted his cock was raw, so there was no need for him to get a condom. I waited bent over the seat with my ass spread wide in anticipation of the cock I was about to get. With his cock lubed up, Jordan walked up behind me placing his mushroom tip against my hole. I knew I was about to feel his length slide inside me and I told him, "Fuck my tight hole Jordan, fuck me hard." With that, Jordan grabbed one of my cheeks in each hand, pushed, and bottomed out in my ass. I let out a moan to show him that I loved it and he began to pump. He began to pump harder and faster, increasing his speed and force with every thrust. The sound of skin slapping and moaning filled the train car. I was in heaven. I kept up the encouragement by telling him how much I loved his cock and his taught ball sack slapping against me. He told me how great my tight, warm, wet hole felt and how tight it was gripping his cock. I told him, "it's going to milk the cum from your cock", and he shot me a cheeky smile.

Next thing I know, Jordan stopped, pulled out, and sat down. I turned and looked at him and he simply looked down at his cock and said, "ride me." All I wanted was that cock in me so I lowered myself, while facing Jordan, onto his cock. Both our eyes rolled into the back of our heads as his mushroom tip past my opening and the length of his cock slipped deep inside me once again. I raised my feet up onto his legs to gain more leverage and I bounced veraciously on Jordan's cock as I looked out the train window at the streets passing by. The thought of the incredible scene of a lite train car with two young men fucking wildly on it passing by got me even more excited. My cock was rock hard and bouncing against Jordan's abs as he was enjoying my ass and getting all of it. He had grabbed my cheeks again with both hands and spread my ass wide so that he could bury every inch of his cock inside me. I moaned, "fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," barely audible over the sounds of sex filling the cabin. He obliged as I felt his pass quicken once again. He continuously fed my ass his cock and began to slap my ass as I became limp and lied on top of him.

It was around this time that I began to realize that Jordan was taking full control and I was just to go along with it. Next thing I knew he lifted me up and placed me up against the train doors as he drilled me hard. My ass with his cock deep inside now on full display for all to see as we passed on the way to our destination. It was clear that Jordan was getting close to busting and I wanted one more hard pounding, so I told him to put me down and I would get on my hands and knees. He did and I presented my ass to him doggy style. His eyes bulged and he saw my gorgeous ass with a now gaping hole from his doing, and he salivated wanting more. Almost instantly he was inside me again and slamming me harder than ever. My ass cheeks rippled as he grabbed my hip and pounded every inched of his cock inside me. I was moaning louder and louder and over all the sounds of sex heard Jordan say, "I'm cumming." I told him, "fill my ass; I want your hot, sticky load deep inside me." And with that I heard a series of grunts while simultaneously felt his cock twitch inside me as rope after rope of cum shot deep inside me. It was the biggest load I have ever taken and I loved it.

There was one thing we hadn't noticed though. We had arrived at our destination and as Jordan put in his last few thrust and my ass was being filled with his load, the doors had opened to the passengers ready to board. Needless to say, they got that little show and the encore as I took Jordan's cock in my mouth to suck him clean. When I was satisfied his cock was clean and I had sucked every last drop of cum from it, I was ready to head back to the bathroom to get dressed, but Jordan had other ideas. 

First, he put my back down on my hands and knees and began to lick my asshole and suck his juices from my hole. Next, we realized that the group of passengers who were boarding were equally young me, all in their 20's, and instead of being disgusted by what they saw, they were excited.

To be continued...