 Not long after my first story occurred, the weather turned cooler and I started having raccoons coming into the vacant garage. I kept finding droppings and seeing their footprints on the walls but couldn't figure out how they were getting in. Finally, I called a company called "critter gitters" that trapped nuisance animals and they told me they'd send someone out at 4 pm that afternoon.

When the truck arrived, I went out to greet the guy as he got out of his truck. He was about 6'3", dark hair and needing a shave, what you'd call burly, I guess, with a small belly. He was dressed in a short jacket, dark work pants and work boots. As he came toward me, I couldn't help but notice he was showing a promising bulge at his crotch.

I stepped aside to let him enter first, after he introduced himself, and then I really became interested! He had one of the most perfect asses I've ever seen. The thin work pants were stretched taut over his round buns and the seam hugged his crack. It was almost like his ass was bare, the pants fit his ass so tightly and his buns were so full.

I couldn't keep my eyes off of his butt the whole time he was there and there were a few times, when he was on a ladder and his ass was level with my face, when it took all my will power not to sink my face between his buns! I was actually a nervous wreck by the time his inspection was done and I was afraid he knew what I was thinking because he acted sort of shy. Anyway, he said he'd have to bring his traps and asked if I could meet him early the next morning, I said I be there from about 7 am on. As he walked to his truck, I knew he could feel my eyes burning holes in the back of his pants as I stared at his ass.

The next morning, shortly after 7, he was outside so I opened the garage door and had him drive inside to unload. He got out of the truck to unload and I could smell whisky on him and he actually seemed a little tipsy. Long night or early morning, I wondered. Because I was nervous from being so obvious the day before, I turned my back and pretended to be busy with some things on the work bench I had there. After a few minutes, I noticed there was no sound behind me so I turned around.

He had dropped his pants and was leaning face down over his tail gate, wearing a pair of women's black lace underwear which were stretched taut over his full ass cheeks. When he saw me looking, he just said "fuck me!?" half command and half question.

I walked the few steps over to him and pulled the panties down, exposing that perfect ass. I was already hard as I fingered his hole and I pulled out my hard cock and rubbed it between his cheeks, my cock head grazing his hot hole. "I'm already lubed, fuck my ass" he said.

Sure enough, when I pushed against his hole, my cock slid in with no resistance and he let out a groan. I asked if he was okay and he said, "oh yeah, I just love having my ass fucked." I reached around to feel his hard cock, which was long and fat and his big balls hanging down. "Don't touch it, I'll shoot." he said. Well, that was all I needed to hear. I started fucking his hole, varying the tempo and grinding my hips against his ass. He was loving it so much; he reached back and pulled his cheeks wide so I could shove my dick further up his ass.

It takes me a long time to cum and once I've got an ass around my cock, I hate to take it out, so I slowed down and started slow fucking him. "Do you always go out on a call with your ass lubed?", I asked. He then told me that he was "on call" 24 hours and he'd gotten a call around 4 am from a guy who had a raccoon trapped in his basement and didn't know what to do. He said he went to the guy's house and the raccoon was behind the furnace, so he baited one of the traps and put it nearby. He told the guy that it would probably only be a short time before the raccoon went into the trap, so the guy offered him a drink. He had a separate room in the basement with a pool table and they went in there and the guy brought out a fifth of Jack. They both shot the first round and then had a refill. He said after a few drinks, the guy started feeling up his ass and before he knew it, he was bent over the pool table getting his ass royally fucked by the married guy's hard dick and that the guy had shot his load up his hole, so that's why his ass was so loose and slick.

That was all I needed to hear, that his ass was freshly fucked and that I was fucking some other guy's cum up his hole. I shot a huge load up his ass and he backed his hips against me to get every drop. I reached around and grabbed his big dick and in only 3 strokes, he shot a big load all over the garage floor. We got together several times after that and even had a 3 way, once, and every time he loved having his ass fucked any way he could get it.