 After the first part of my "initiation" into the beach club, I was exhausted. More than 20 guys had shoved their cocks up my once virgin butt hole and pounded me doggie style until they emptied their cum deep inside of me. I lay completely naked, covered in tanning oil and sweat both from the repeated fucking that I had received in the hot summer sun. Cum was dripping out of my now stretched hole and was running down between the cheeks of my ass over my balls. My new string bikini was nowhere to be found, but all of my newfound lovers were around me watching every move that I made.

"It looks like you need to be cleaned up a little before we proceed to the second phase of your initiation into our club." Jason then said to three of the men surrounding me "You three guys, help our little friend get up and bring him down to the ocean for a bath. He needs to be clean and refreshed before we teach him how to suck our cocks."

Andre and two of his friends pick my naked and abused body up and walked me to the ocean's edge. I wasn't really comfortable walking naked on the beach with so many other guys around enjoying the heat of the summer sun, but I was too weak to do anything about it. When we were waste deep in the ocean, Andre and his friends splashed the ocean water all over me washing off the some of the sweat and oil. Andre paid special attention to my cum dripping butt hole, making sure that he washed as much of the cum out of my hole as he could. Then the three of them pushed me completely under the surface of the water to give me a final rinse.

Seemingly finished with my clean up, the four of us walked back to the spot where the rest of the members of the beach club were waiting for my return. They grabbed one of the beach towels and dried me off.

"Well, you look a little better Andy now that we've had you washed and dried. Are you ready for the second part of your initiation into our club?"

I replied to Josh, "I don't know if I really want to finish my initiation and join your club. I am exhausted and my butt hole hurts like hell."

Josh grabbed me by my shoulders and said, "I guess that I didn't tell you that your becoming a member of our beach club was not optional. As soon as you followed me into the back room of my store to be shaved, you became mine to do with whatever I want to. Now get on your knees and prepare to learn how to suck cock. Every man here that fucked you in the ass with his cock is going to stick his cock in your mouth. You have two holes and we plan on using both of them."

Josh then put downward pressure on my shoulders until my knees buckled and his cock was staring me right in the face. The rest of the guys formed a circle around us, still naked from when they took turns fucking me. Josh then grabbed his cock in one hand and the back of my head with the other moving forward until the tip of his cock was touching my lips.

"Stick your tongue our sweetheart and lick the head of my cock."

I did as I was told, because as I have said before Josh seemed to have taken over complete control of me. I began licking his cock head with my tongue. It had a salty taste, probably from the cum left on his cock from fucking me in the ass. I then licked up and down his shaft as it began to grow. He pushed my head down a little further so I assumed that he wanted me to lick his balls. They were enormous and very smooth. 

Then he grabbed my hair and pulled my head up so that I was looking up into his eyes. Josh then said, "Open those big lips of yours Andy and take the head of my cock into your mouth."

He moved his cock to my lips and I opened them to let him in. The head of his cock was large and almost filled my whole mouth. I had many girls suck on my cock before, so I knew what I was supposed to do next. I began sucking on his cock and rolling my tongue around it. Josh was holding my head firm as he began to push more of his cock into my mouth. He was rocking back and forth, so as not to lose my balance and fall over backwards in the sand, I grabbed his butt cheeks with both of my hands. 

'I think that he is getting the idea boys." Josh said to his circle of friends. "Suck on my cock Andy like it was the best lollipop that you ever tasted."

As I sucked his cock and he continued to push more of his cock into my mouth I felt the head hit the back of my throat. I started to gag and my saliva was coming out the sides of my mouth. I was drooling and choking on Josh's dick at the same time. He pushed harder until I was unable to breathe and then he pulled back so that only the head of his dick was still in my mouth.

He then instructed me, "When my cock hits the back of your throat, put your tongue on the bottom of it, extend it out as far as you can and swallow at the same time. When my cock enters your throat, breathe through your nose. One way or the other I am going to get all of my cock down your throat."

Josh then held the back of my head firmly and pushed his cock into my mouth again. When the tip hit the back of my throat, I stuck my tongue out as far as I could on the under side of his cock and swallowed. Holy shit, I felt the head of his cock enter my throat. Josh pushed forward a little further and his cock started on its downward path into my throat. I was trying to breathe through my nose, but I was having a lot of difficulty. My eyes were tearing and Josh could see that I was having trouble. He pulled his cock out of my throat and I gasped for air. Then with no warning, he pushed forward and again entered my throat with his cock. 

"You'll learn to deep throat me sweetheart or die trying."

I didn't know if he was serious about the "die trying" part, but I was determined to learn how to do it. As josh was sawing in and out of my throat, he had one of his friends push me down further in the sand until I was positioned directly between Josh's legs under his balls. Josh then tilted my head back further and entered my throat once again with his cock. This time he pushed further down my throat then ever before. The angle that he was entering me seemed to help my breathing a little. 

Andre said, "I can see the head of your cock making a bulge in our little cock sucker's throat. That is so cool. Can I touch it Josh?"

"Sure, Andre. Then I can get a blow job and a hand job at the same time."

Andre put his hand on the outside of my throat and stroked the bulge in it where Josh's cock head was pushing in me. Josh then grabbed my head with both hands and held it firmly while he pushed the rest of his cock into my throat until his balls were sitting on my chin. He had gotten all of his enormous cock into my mouth and throat. It felt like it was down so far that it was entering my stomach. Josh then began fucking my face with a vengeance, pulling all but his cock head out of my mouth and then ramming it all the way down my throat until his balls bounced on my chin. 

Josh fucked my mouth for what seemed like an hour, but in reality was probably only 15 minutes. His cock then seemed to grow even larger in my throat. The muscles in his butt cheeks tightened in my hands and he pushed his cock as far down my throat as he could. His balls then began to pump his cum deep down my throat directly into my stomach. He held my head so tight to his pelvic area that I couldn't breathe. When I was just about to pass out from lack of air, he finished pumping me full of his cum and began to withdraw his dick from my throat. I gasped for air as I had just given my first blowjob.

"I told you that I would make you a great little cock sucker Andy. Now it is time for all of my friends to take their turn at that pretty little mouth of yours."

Josh announced to his circle of friends, "OK boys, he's all yours. Oh, by the way, if any of you want to have a second shot at fucking our little cocksucker in the ass, be my guest. He does have two holes, so I am sure that he can make two guys happy at the same time."

Andre was the next to push his dick into my mouth, while another one of his friends got on his knees behind me and spit on my butt hole. He then took some of the tanning oil and rubbed it on my hole and his dick before entering me from the rear. I was now getting from both ends. I was like a pig on a spit with two poles stuck in either end. Both Andre and his friend got into a rhythm fucking my throat and my ass. I was again covered in sweat in the hot summer sun. I didn't know how much of a tan I was getting, but I certainly was getting a good workout. 

All the guys took turns fucking my mouth and my ass until they all were out of cum. I guess that I had now completed my 2nd phase of my initiation into their beach club. Josh came over to me when everyone had finished with me and handed me my shorts, shirt and sandals. He helped me get dressed, since I was very weak from everyone using me as their fuck toy all day. We then walked back to where he had parked his car.

"Now I am going to take you home, wash you inside and out before we go to see my friend Jake. Since you are now mine, I want to have you pierced and branded so that everyone will know that you belong to me. That's another story for another day.