 It was a hot sunny summer day at Daytona Beach. The beach was sure to be packed with many attractive young bodies. Javon decided to spend the day relaxing. The stress of bringing in a line of young men into his chapter had overwhelmed him this past spring semester and now that the semester was officially over, he planned on spending a lot of time to himself.

He decided on going to the beach, but he didn't want to be around everyone. So he decided to go to Anchor's Bay, a private beach that his prophyte Raphael had put him onto. It was a secluded beach that few people (his chapter brothers) knew about.

He usually went there to be at peace or to write poetry sometimes. He would be going alone because his fraternity brothers were too lazy to get out of bed after a night of late, hard partying with the seven neophyte members.

So he hopped in the shower, applied some oil to his hair (he had recently died the top of it blonde in an attempt to try out a new look), threw on some clothes (some Black board shorts, a gold tank and his favorite fraternity bucket hat), packed away some things he would be bringing, threw everything into his Chevy Impala, and left for the beach.

-

On the other side of town, Devin was peering out of the blinds at the bright sun and palm trees. The view from his hotel room was peaceful. He had graduated from the local HBCU the year before and he had returned to visit some friends and his fraternity chapter. His chapter brothers were away for the Fraternity's State Conference so he realized that this weekend would be a lonely one.

He was having trouble on deciding what to do with his day. He didn't want to stay cooped up in the hotel on such a nice day, but he didn't have anyone to hang with. He decided finally on the beach, but not just any beach. He would be headed for Anchor's Bay, a secluded beach that he had heard about from his friend from undergrad, Raphael.

He needed some peace and quiet. He washed up, out on his blue board shorts with a blue and white tank with his fraternity chapters embroidered on the chest, packed up, and headed for Anchor's Bay.

It just so happened that Javon and Devin arrived at the same time. Each nodded, acknowledging each other. They both immediately noticed the other's varying fraternity paraphernalia.

They set out their items on the beach when Devin realized that he had forgotten to bring his beach towel.

As he lay down, begin to get a tan, Javon noticed the dilemma Devin was in so he said, "I normally don't help the men in blue but I don't mind sharing."

"I normally don't mess with the apes but you're good in my book... thanks man." Devin said, laughing. They then made small talk while each was peeling out of their shirts.

Javon stared as Devin struggled out of his tank too and exposed his rock hard features-his chiseled chest, tight six pack abs, and rippling muscles.

Luckily, Devin was talking and looking downward as Javon was visually absorbing him. Javon quickly snapped out of his trance and went for his suntan lotion.

He was visibly having trouble applying it to those oh so hard to reach places so Devin offered his services. "It's the least I can do. I'm just repaying the favor."

"OK, thank you," replied Javon, secretly happy that he was about to get felt up by this fine ass nigga.

Devin took a handful of lotion and began applying it to Javon's back, by now he was lying on his stomach on the towel. Devin had the hands of an expert masseuse and Javon was feeling amazing. It took everything within him not to start moaning.

What seemed like hours only went by in a matter of minutes. "All good," said Devin as he pulled Javon up to his feet.

They paused for a second as they stared into each other's eyes. It would seem that the moment would end in a kiss, but Devin gave him a playful shove and ran toward the water. "I'mma get you," Javon said, laughing.

They both removed their board shirts as they approached the water, revealing their skimpy swimwear.

They swam and played in the water for about an hour and came back onto the beach. They sat down on the towel and began talking. "I'm glad that I came to the beach and I'm glad that you're here. I came to have a day of peace and quiet since I've been busy helping my chapter bring through a line...but having your company has been great. "Javon admitted.

"Yeah, this has been fun and I'm glad that you're here for me to have fun with. I came back here with the intentions of hanging with my line brothers and whoever else was here but I obviously didn't check to see if people were actually going to be in town...but I'd rather be with you anyways." Devin replied.

Javon was pleased and confused with that at the same time. Before he had any more time to ponder the last part of what he had said, Devin's lips were upon his and his tongue was threatening an invasion into his mouth. Javon moaned because this moment was so unexpected -but not unwanted-and he was gasping for air. Devin's lips made their way down Javon's cheek onto his ear and down the side of his neck.

By the time Devin made his way to his chest, several hickeys were visible on Javon's skin. Devin proceeded to suck Javon's nipples, making them hard. Javon tasted so good to him and the ocean water was only enhancing his taste.

Devin then took his fingers and began squeezing Javon's nipples, causing more moans. Devin then released his tongue into Javon's right ear, causing moans and Javon's body to convulse slightly.

Javon's body was in heaven right now, but he knew that he had to demonstrate his freaky nature to drive Devin wild.

He pulled out of Devin's grasp and pushed him back on the towel. He was now on top of him, straddling his waist. He began passionately kissing him. After five minutes, Javon moved his tongue to Devin's neck.

He worked on that neck for another five minutes, then moved down to that chest and those nipples. Javon devoted five minutes to sucking each nipple. Finally, he slid his tongue down his abs to the top of Devin's skimpy thong. He yanked them down with a mission and came to Devin's thick dick.

He began sucking the huge head. Unexpectedly, Javon moved his mouth to the base of the dick and began sucking. This elicited a constant stream of moaning from Devin, who knew that this was the right one.

He then moved to Devin's huge nuts. He tried fitting both of them into his mouth, but was unsuccessful. Despite that, Devin was still moaning from all the pleasure he was feeling. Javon then went back to sucking the dick full time.

Several times he almost gagged-indeed this was the biggest dick he had ever had-but he was managing quite well. He felt Devin close to climax and he began sucking more intensely.

However, Devin unexpectedly and violently pulled out of Javon's mouth. He had a few sexual tricks up his sleeve as well. He got up and pushed Javon onto the towel-face up-and grabbed his ankles. He went low to kiss Javon's puckering hole. He inserted a finger, then two and began working his magic.

Javon's body went wild and his mouth exploded with sexual moaning. He then inserted his tongue and worked his way deeper and deeper into Javon, driving him wild.

He then, without taking out his tongue, flipped Javon over onto his stomach and resumed his tongue assault.

He then retracted his tongue and replaced it with his middle finger, while his tongue made it way up Javon's right butt cheek. 

Devin thought to himself, "Man, he got a fat ass." He began massaging each cheek with both hands for a few minutes.

When he was done, there were two big red handprints on each of Javon's booty cheeks. Devin then began biting and licking the ass, quite savagely as he couldn't control himself.

"I like it rough," Javon informed him. "It's gon' get rougher than this, baby boy," replied Devin, his sexual appetite growing.

He then grabbed his dick and worked it into Javon's wide open hole.

"Aaahh!" screamed Javon as the dick was working its way inside of him.

Devin gave him a little time to get adjusted, but was mostly impatient.

When he felt sufficient, Devin began the thrusting. The beach was filled with the sound of Javon's moans and Devin's ass taps.

The noise only intensified as Devin picked up the pace. Devin had never had any ass this good before. Javon then began to throw it back at him, but Devin had something for his ass.

He flipped him around without having to pull out. He moved them over into the knee-deep water. He then stood up and picked up Javon so that he was fucking him standing up.

Javon could definitely feel it now. While the position was quite painful, it was pleasurable seeing how much Devin was enjoying it. Devin was near climax so he moved them back over to the towel, where he sat Javon down on his back. He began long stroking him and preparing for his explosion.

Meanwhile, Javon had access to his own dick which was beginning to swell to a point of pain. He began jerking and stroking it off. After ten minutes, Devin was just about ready. He pulled out and exploded all over Javon's stomach, chest, neck, and face.

Simultaneously, Javon unloaded on Devin's chest as well as his own chest and stomach.

"You so nasty," Devin whispered into Javon's ear as he put his arms around him.

"That's just how I get down." he replied and they both began laughing.

"So if you don't mind me asking... What do you have going on this weekend? If you are free, I would love if you spent the rest of the weekend with me in my hotel room. We could continue to get to know each other a little bit better..." Devin said, not wanting his time with Javon to end.

"I'm down." Javon immediately replied.

"Bet." Devin said, smiling as he ran his hair through Javon's curly black and honey blond hair.

Javon shifted and noticed that his back was stuck to Devin's sticky chest.

"Only one way to resolve this," Devin said as he picked up Javon and headed for the ocean as the two of them continued their weekend journey.