 As we pick up the story, Jordan and I had just given a group of young men a brief show as our train car doors open with him shooting a massive load of cum deep inside my ass, me cleaning his cock and sucking every last drop of cum from it, and him licking my ass and sucking his cum from my ass.

As Jordan continued to stick his tongue deep in my hole, the five young men boarded the train. They did so with great interest and a few of them started to rub developing bulges in their pants. Jordan removed his head and tongue from my ass just long enough to look at them and ask, "you like what you see?" All five of them nodded with approval and Jordan told them to, "get in on the action." Next thing I knew, clothes were going everywhere and five sexy men were standing naked around me.

I learnt that these five guys were: Robert, a 19 year old white male with blonde hair and blue eyes. His body was amazing; he was lean and toned, just like Jordan. Unlike Jordan though, Robert and a bigger cock. Robert's cock was eight inches and girthy, and his ass was incredibly taught. Jason, a 19 year old black male with black hair and brown eyes who was taller and more muscular than anyone else. His body was chiseled like a god with rippling muscles and rock hard abs. His cock was equally impressive; a nine inch monster that was as thick as a pipe. As soon as I laid eyes on him, I wanted him. The other three were Lexi, Matt, and Steve, all 20 years olds with similar builds. They were all built similar to me with toned arms and pecks, slightly visible abs, six inch cocks, and incredible bubble butts.

With the five of them standing around me, Jordan went back to tongue fucking my ass and cleaning his cum out of it. The others stroked their cocks as they enjoyed the show until Jason couldn't wait any longer and made the first move to get in on the action. He stepped in front of me and lifted my head until it was at the same level as his cock. I looked wide-eyed at the delicious piece of meat in front of me and quickly devoured it into my mouth. With the ice now broken, the others joined the action. Robert laid under me and began sucking my cock while Steve sucked his cock, and Lexi began to suck Matt.

As the action began to get underway, we heard them announce that the doors were closing, and once they closed, we were off. I was in pure ecstasy with a tongue up my ass, a cock in my mouth, and my cock in someone else's mouth. The sound of sloppy blowjobs began to fill the air. I removed Jason's cock from my mouth and began stroking it in order to look around at the sight around me; a group of naked men intertwined in passion. It was unbelievably hot and I was becoming hornier and hornier as I went back to sucking on Jason's cock.

After about ten minutes of cock sucking I was ready for action. I again removed Jason's cock from my mouth and began stroking it. This time I looked up into his eyes and said, "I want your monster cock inside me." Jason smiled, grabbed me, and picked me up, releasing me from my coupling with Jordan and Robert. Jason threw me against the train door, in complete control, told me to poke my ass out, and began slapping his cock against my wet, freshly fucked hole. Now since I had only planned to fuck Jordan and we had discussed our desire to do it raw, I didn't have any condoms on me. I waited to see if Jason was going to grab one from his pocket, but as I felt the pressure of his monstrous mushroom tip on my asshole, I knew I would be taking him raw. Jason told me to take a deep breath and as I did I felt the entirety of his nine inch cock bury deep inside me, bottoming out with his taught ball sack hitting against me. I let out the loudest moan I have ever heard escape my mouth as I was now fuller than I had ever been. As I became used to the monster cock deep inside me, Jason started to pump his cock in and out of my hole. As he did my cock swung hitting the door of the train with a *tap, tap, tap*.

With my hole being filled, I wondered what was going on with the others behind me. As it turned out, they were picking up the action as well. Robert had rolled onto his back right where he had been sucking my cock and Steve had ceased sucking Robert and was now on top of him riding his cock. Steve's taught, white bubble butt looked so hot bouncing up and down on Robert's cock. Panning to the left, on the seats, Matt had Lexi bent over, hands grasping his hips, and burying his cock deep in Lexi's ass. Lexi was moaning almost a loud as me and the sound of Matt's skin slapping against Lexi's ass cheeks was definitely the loudest as Matt was fucking Lexi hard. Watching all the action take place while stroking his cock and regaining his energy was Jordan. It didn't look like it would take him long with all the hot fucking going on.

Returning to Jason and myself, Jason was starting to pick up the pace and force, perhaps spurred on by seeing how hard Matt was feeding Lexi his cock. The force of his fucking was reaching levels I had never experienced before. Jason was feeding me his cock, and I was loving it. As he repeatedly buried his black monster into my ass, Jason placed his hand around my neck, choking me lightly, while pulling my head around to plant a passionate kiss on me. He slipped his tongue into my mouth as I took his cock deep in my ass.

With Jason and I locked into hot, passionate sex, I heard someone say, "I want a piece of that!" It turned out to be Robert who was now laying there, cock pointing straight up, as Steve had left to go suck on Jordan's cock. With disappointment in his eyes, Jason pulled his cock out, smacked my ass, and told me to "hope on." I was delighted and bounced over to where Robert was waiting. 

I hovered over Robert's cock and slowly lowered myself down as my knees bent to the floor. It was a nice and welcome change from Jason's monster, and it was good to have a little control. I bounced up and down slowly on Robert's cock, while I took in the sights around me. Over my shoulder, Lexi was still bent over and getting pounded. This time though, Matt's cock had been replaced with Jason's and Lexi was taking the monster hard. Matt had decided to suck on Lexi's cock and was essentially getting face fucked with the force in which Jason was fucking Lexi. On the floor next to Robert and I, Jordan had Steven on his back and was fucking him slowly missionary. In that position, Jordan's ass was bouncing right beside me and I couldn't resist reaching out and smacking it and occasionally sticking my finger in his ass. I knew Jordan bottomed occasionally, but his ass was still super tight.

I, on the other hand, was becoming a master bottom and taking a pounding. Robert had reached up, grabbing my cheeks in each one of his hands spreading my ass wide, and was burying his cock in me. Every time he bucked up, I slammed down to meet him and our bodies slammed together with that amazing smacking sound.

One thing none of us had noticed this whole time though was that the train had been making regular stops and passengers had been boarding. When they did, they were treated to the sight of seven young men in the troughs of passion. It is safe to say their reactions were mixed. Some seemed disgusted, some seemed interested, and some seemed indifferent. Regardless of their opinions though, the seven of us didn't care and were going to keep on fucking regardless, so free show for them.

By this point I had been getting filled and drilled for over an hour and a half straight, and as much as I was loving every minute of it, I needed a break. I also wanted to bury my cock into some ass myself as it looked so delicious. The ass I chose was Jordan's. He was the only vers left who hadn't been fucked, so I knew his ass would be tight, and I wanted to return the favour from earlier. With that, I hopped off Robert's cock and walked over to Jordan and Steve. As Jordan continued to fuck Steve, I straddled them and made Jordan start sucking my cock, getting me good and ready. It didn't take long and I grabbed Jordan's hand and led him away as his cock went *pop* as it slipped from Steve's ass. Steve wasn't left empty for long though as Matt quickly filled Jordan's void, with Robert straddling Steve placing his cock in his mouth.

I lead Jordan deeper into the train car, passed Jason and Lexi fucking and towards the passengers who have boarded after us. The two of us reach a quad (the seating arrangement) where two seats are empty and the other two seats are filled by a young couple. Across the aisle was another quad full of passengers. I decide that the half empty quad is for us when I notice the couple had their hands down each other's pants. Clearly they were having a little fun while watching the action. When we reach the quad, I bend Jordan over, spread his cheeks wide and slide my cock in. He lets out a moan and my already hard cock becomes even harder. I remembered how hard he had fucked my ass earlier and began to increase my speed and force to return the favour. Jordan began to moan louder and louder as the sound of our skin slapping together filled the cabin. His ass rippled with each thrust as I buried my cock into his warm tight ass. 

As I was pounding away in Jordan's ass I felt hands rub against my ass. I looked behind me and saw Matt. The others had switched things up and Matt was looking for a new hole to fill. The next thing I knew, Matt bent me over and I was lying on Jordan's back. Matt spread my cheeks and as I pulled back from Jordan's ass, I could feel the tip of his cock press against my entrance. As I pulled back from each successive thrust a little bit more of Matt's cock slide inside of me. Before I knew it, Matt's entire cock was deep inside me and we were getting a rhythm going. I continued to thrust into Jordan as Matt thrust into me as he slapped my ass encouraging me to pound harder and harder. The pleasure I was experiencing was like nothing else. 

All of a sudden I heard, "I'm cumming" as I felt Matt's cock explode inside my ass. Jordan and the couple playing with each other encouraged him, telling him to, "fill [my] ass." Matt continued to thrust into me as he drained his balls of every last drop of cum. When he was finished he removed his cock and I removed mine from Jordan so I could get down on my knees to clean Matt up. While I was sucking Matt's cock clean, I saw Jordan walk over to the others and whisper in Jason's ear. Jason smiled ear to ear and they both made their way over to me.

When they arrived, Jordan looked down at me, cock still in my mouth, and asked if I was "ready to get double stuffed." I nodded and finished sucking Matt's cock. As I did, Jordan sat down on the train seat and told me to get on top of him and ride, ass facing the aisle. I did as I was told and as I found my pace I felt the touch of Jason's monster on my hole. I wondered to myself how I was going to take both these cocks, but only briefly as I was quickly filled by the length of Jason's big black cock. With both cocks in me, Jordan looked at me in the eyes and told me that I was going to get fucked until they both busted inside me. I nodded and found my pace again grinding up and down on Jordan's cock as Jason pounded me in and out. Both of them slapped my ass and told me how good of a slut I was. It was incredibly pleasurable and I didn't want it to end. To my surprise they were both able to last a solid ten minutes with both cocks filling my ass, at which point I heard in unison, "I'm cumming" and felt the explosion of two massive loads deep inside me. The culmination of the four loads I had taken that night began to leak out as my ass filled up and Jason and Jordan slowly pounded out every last drop.

I knew that they were both going to want their cocks cleaned, so as soon as Jason had pulled out of me, I hopped off of Jordan, got down on my knees, opened my mouth and told them to put both their cocks in at the same time. I gave them both a quick clean because I had decided that I wanted to bust now and decided that it was going to be inside Lexi as one of the only people I had yet to play with.

With that decision made, I made my way back to the end of the train car, put Lexi on his hands and knees, and slammed my cock into his hole. From watching the others that night I knew that he could take a pounding, and I was going to give it to him. I pounded him hard, my taught ball sack slapping against him, as I spread his ass cheeks wide. I pushed his cheeks down and apart with my hands providing my cock optimal access. I gave his ass all I could until I felt my cum build up to the point where I couldn't hold back any longer. I announced, loud enough for the whole car to hear, "I'm cumming" as my cock exploded, coating Lexi's ass in my hot, sticky load. Lexi collapsed to the floor, my cock still inside him, as I collapsed on top of him. I didn't remain there long though as Robert still had to cum and had decided that I was the ass he was going to fill.

Robert picked me up, led me to the middle of the aisle, in the middle of the train car and told me to get down on my hands and knees. He told me to put my face down and ass up and said, "we're going to give these people one final show." I few hoots could be heard from the crowd, as well as, a few, "fuck him good" and "fill him with your fucking load." I looked at Robert and told him, "you heard the people," and with that he slipped his cock into my cum filled hole. He began slow at first, but then became faster and faster. I could feel his hands on my cheeks and then slowly moving to my hips as he tried to get every last piece of my ass. I looked at him and asked, "do you like that cum-filled hole." Robert responded with a groan and said, "it needs one more," to wit I said, "well give it to me." That's all it took as Robert picked up his pace one final time, fucking my wildly, smacking my ass. I could tell that he was getting close, and this time without warning, I felt his ball sack tighten up even more and his cock shoot rope after rope of hot cum inside me. It was the fifth load I had taken that night in my ass and a sputtering of applause rose from the crowd.

I lay on the floor in the middle of the train drained as the others started to get dressed. All except for Lexi and Steve that is. I hadn't realized that they hadn't cum yet, but wanted to. The next thing I know I feel a warm sensation hit my back and ass. Turns out Lexi and Steve had walked up behind me and showered me with their cum.

With everyone now fully satisfied, the others finished getting dressed. As we reached the next stop, the five young men we had met on the way got off, and I was finally able to pull myself up. I made my way to the bathroom where I cleaned up and got dressed just in time for the next stop where I gave Jordan one final kiss as he went off into the night. That left me, all alone on the train with a group of strangers who had just watched me get pounded. It made me feel horny, yet proud, and as we finally reached my stop, I exited the train feeling fulfilled as I went off into the night.