 I work at a local sex shop and I love it. I get the opportunity to see people at their most vulnerable; I get to help people fulfill their fantasies. Some I get to help with their selection. Last week, a young buck came in wearing a hooded sweatshirt, his hands placed snugly in the front pockets. He was nervous, pacing around the store and sweating bullets. I thought he was going to rob and kill me. My manager was out of town and the day slut had left for the evening. Shit, no one was expected back until midnight, it was six thirty. I felt for sure that I was going to die!

Nobody usually fucks with me; I'm a pretty big guy. But this fellow looked intent on getting something he needed and I was scared for the first time in a long time.

After fondling lots of the product, he walked up to the counter with a huge plastic dong.

"Do you have anything, um, more realistic?"

I dropped the telephone, nervous as hell. I picked it up and placed it back on the hook. I was one second from dialing 911. 

I looked into his big baby blue eyes and relaxed. He smiled sheepishly at me; I could tell he was a newbie. I could tell that he longed for man on man; he had a huge bulge in his sweat pants. I needed to see how far I could take this. I stroked my goatee. 

"Well, we do have more items over in the corner. Also, we have the items here."

The glass case beneath me had all of our expensive toys. He walked over to the corner of the store. 

"I don't see anything I like; do you have anything, um, up there that's a little more life-like?"

I quickly got back behind the counter. I unzipped my pants and laid my cock and fuzzy balls in the display case. I set it up nicely, hoping that his reaction wouldn't be to try to beat the shit out of me. He didn't give off that vibe so I felt pretty sure that I wouldn't have to take him down.

He came back up and looked down. He smiled.

"There are some pretty life-like items in this case, for example, right in front of me there is a prime piece of manhood. So lifelike you can almost see it flutter. It isn't very expensive; in some cases it can be free." I offered.

He adjusted his hard on, slipped his hand inside his pants and cleared his throat. 

"I'd like it; I'd like to try it. No matter the cost," He begged.

"Go back into the porn booth and I'll wrap it up nicely for you. Go on."

I sprinted to lock the door.

He slipped to the back of the shop and got into booth number one. I grabbed a condom from the front of the counter; we sold singles, and slid it on. What an exciting surprise! What luck, just a lost little cub, desperate for big papa bear to wax his behind!

I waltzed into the booth, just to see the little bear undressed, completely naked and ready. His slightly hairy chest was a turn on; he seemed younger and much less scary this way. His pristine piece was waiting for me. I lunged down and gobbled him up. He almost fell; the both of us in the small booth could barely maneuver. I wasn't planning to unlock my lips until I tasted his nectar. I worked my magic, gliding my tongue over the fat head then down his thick shaft. I jerked his rod in between suckles. He finally gave way and practically wept when he came.

"My turn," I ordered.

I turned him around and he banged his head on the stained paneled walls. I lifted his sexy ass up and leaned into him. My cock felt numb and strangled in the condom. The room smelled like old jizz and cigarette smoke. I slid my dick in his asshole and he gave a little yelp. His butt was so tight it felt as if he were milking me. With just three thrusts, I was through. I slipped off the condom and offered him a souvenir. He drank cum right out of the latex, licking his lips and laughing.

I looked at my watch, holy shit it was eight o'clock! I pulled up my pants and walked out to the door, unlocking it. A guy was waiting to get in. I tried to act as if nothing happen but my little cub was insatiable. 

He walked right out of the booth naked as the customer perused the items. Good think the shopper didn't see. I grabbed a riding crop, ran over and smacked his ass back into the booth. 

"Get back in there!" I whispered.

After the customer left we went at again. This time, his lips were on my dick and my hands in his dark hair. That was the best night of work I've ever had! Thank goodness I didn't call the cops.