 I met Stefan when I visited the local college to purchase some t-shirts for a friend's kid who was planning to attend the school. First about me. I'm a 34 white male. In good shape and 5-11 with dark brown hair and a professional look. I don't identify as gay, but I have been with more men than women. And because of my job I am not out. 

When I entered the bookstore it was during the school day so not many students were there. But I did spot a very cute fit blond boy who was about 5-8 with short cropped hair. He was wearing shorts and a t-shirt, and he had the most amazing legs I've seen. Fit and toned. And smooth, which surprised me. I saw him from behind, then when he turned down the aisle to walk past me I noticed the prettiest deep blue eyes and cute smile. I've never picked up a guy before and I had never dated a guy or girl more than a couple years difference. So I didn't think anything of it beyond a glimpse of a very cute guy.

A few minutes later, I was looking at the t-shirts. "These t-shirts are really lame," I heard a voice behind me. It was the blond, who was standing behind me looking at t-shirts on another rack. I chuckled and just said, "I couldn't agree more." Then I just said: "I was hoping to get my friend's kid a t-shirt from here, but I don't see anything I like."

Then the blond said, "They haven't had many good t-shirts lately. I think I'm wearing the last good one." He was wearing a cool t-shirt, so I asked him when he got it and whether he thought there were any more like it around town. He said he wasn't sure, but he could ask for me and let me know. "Just give me your email or phone number and I'll let you know if I find anything," he said. I thanked him and gave him my email. Then he shook my hand and said, "Hi, I'm Stefan." 

"I'm Rick," I said, and walked out, thinking nothing of the exchange.

Later that weekend, I received an email from Stefan: "Hey man found a t-shirt you might like. It's $15 if you want it." I replied that I did and offered to meet him on campus to get it because I was only a short drive. He wrote back that he would gladly drop it by because he often biked in my area. So I gave him my address and told him to "drop by anytime on Saturday morning...I'll be here all morning."

By around 11 am I hadn't seen Stefan and did not expect to. So I stretched out on the couch and kind of drifted off. While I was drifting, I was thinking about Stefan. His cute smile and deep eyes. Those amazing legs. And his cute ass. I wondered what kind of girls he dated. And I wondered what he looked like naked and felt like. I was getting a raging hard on because I hadn't masturbated for a couple of days.

Then I heard a knock on the door. It was Stefan, dressed in his bike gear with that very cute smile on his face. (I was wearing jeans, a tshirt and basketball shoes.) He was holding a bad with a t-shirt in it. I dug around in my pocket for my money and pulled out three $5 bills which I handed to him. "I hope you like the t-shirt. You don't have to take it," he said. When I looked at the t-shirt, it was the one he had been wearing.

"This looks like yours," I said.

"It is," he smiled. "I knew you liked it, and you wanted to get something nice for your friend's kid. I have lots of t-shirts, so you can have this. Besides, $15 will buy my beer." Then he smiled at me.

My heart stopped. I smiled back at him and just said, "You are such a kind person. I don't know what to say." Then there was a long, awkward pause. And I just blurted out, "Would you like to come in and have a glass of water?"

Stefan smiled again and said, "That would be great. I was just getting ready for a 50 mile ride." 

Then he bent over to remove what I noticed were a cycling shoes. "Sorry, man I don't want to mess up your floors." 

Now I am not a guy who usually stares, but when he bent over my eyes were all over his ass. My cock was getting very hard again, which I didn't want him to see. So I gave out a nervous laugh and thanked him. I didn't know what to say. I was crushing so hard on this younger guy, yet I had no idea if he was into guys or even how old he was. I knew he had to be at least 18 so I was good there. But I had never hooked up with a guy more than a few years younger than me. And I hadn't been with a guy in almost a year since I had broken up with a guy I had been dating for about two years.

I just said, "You can follow me into the kitchen." And I tried to walk ahead of him so he wouldn't see how hard I was. I got a glass out of the cabinet and let the water run. With my back to him I said, "My tap water has a great filter. It's better than what you get in a bottle."

"Can I have ice?" he said in a low voice. It was also a very cute voice. A voice that made my heart skip another beat. A voice that made me want to hear it whispered in my ear. While thinking about that, somehow my boner went down enough so that it wouldn't embarrass me when I turned around. 

Then when I turned around. Wow. Stefan was leaning up against the wall on the other side of my kitchen, right foot crossed over his left leg. God he looked cute. Amazingly cute. Incredibly cute. 

I fumbled around for the ice after I opened the freezer door. A couple of cubes hit the floor.

"You OK?" Stefan asked in his cute voice.

I grabbed a handful of ice, shut the door and said, "Yeah, sorry about that. I'm a klutz."

I leaned over toward the counter, where his glass of water was. Meanwhile, Stefan collected the ice cubes that had fallen to the floor and dropped them into the sink.

"You OK?" he asked. "You seem a little nervous or something."

I blurted out, "Oh, I'm fine. I'm just not used to having a cute guy like you in my kitchen every day."

Oh my god, what had I said?

I just looked at Stefan, who was now leaning against the wall, smiling a little.

I said, "Hey, I'm sorry about that. I didn't mean to creep you out. Let me get you your water."

He just smiled, leaning up against the wall. Then he broke his silence. "That's very nice of you. I appreciate the compliment. Especially from a handsome guy." Then he bit his lower lip in the sexiest way imaginable.

I was grinning ear to ear. Just looking at him. I leaned toward him and leaned in against him. The kiss began slowly. Just our lips. Then our tongues touched and he put his arms around my neck, pulling me into him. I could feel his hard cock pressing through his biker shorts against my jeans. Before I knew it, my hands were all over his lower back, rubbing it. Then squeezing his ass. He wrapped his right leg around me, pulling me closer as our kiss became more intense. I didn't want to let go of him.

Somehow, my hands were under his jersey, feeling the smooth skin on his back. His hands were running through my hair. He tasted and felt incredible.

Our kiss broke and I started to kiss the left side of his neck while my hands went below his waist and under his shorts. I could feel that he was wearing a jock while I squeezed his smooth ass. By then, his hands were under my shirt. I whispered in his left ear, "Want to go to the couch?"

He pulled away and looked up and me, "Mhmm hmm. Please."

I took his hand and led him to the living room. After he laid on the couch, I just instinctively took off my t-shirt, revealing my somewhat hairy chest. "Oh my god that is sexy," Stefan said, and he just removed his jersey in a very quick motion.

I laid on top of him, kissing again and grinding a lot into each other our chests rubbing. Stefan wrapped his legs around me while we kissed, and while I kissed his neck and smooth chest. I felt like my cock was going to explode through my jeans, but I didn't know how far he wanted to take this so we continued our hot make out and heavy petting.

My couch isn't small, but it isn't big. A guy and a girl can make out on it, but it's a little crowded for two guys. Finally I just pulled away from Stefan and said, "I have a king size bed."

He just looked at me. Oh god, I had gone too far. Then he put his arms around my neck, pulled me into him and whispered in my right ear, "Awesome" while his tongue explored my ear.

I led him to my bedroom, stopping in the doorway to kiss again. His lips were incredible and his tongue was so soft. He leaned up just a little to kiss me, which turned me on even more. I loved feeling stronger than him. After another long kiss, he walked in front of me toward the bed, but I stopped him. I kissed the back of his neck, then his shoulders. Then I just pulled down his spandex biker shorts to his ankles, leaving him in only a jock.

He inhaled as if the wind had been knocked out of him. I dropped to my knees to help him out of the shorts, then I just bent him over and spread his legs. I wanted to rim his boy cunt. His moans and sighs were so sexy as I explored his boy pussy with my tongue. I rubbed his smooth legs while I ate him out, reaching around to stroke his rock hard cock.

"Oh, baby," Stefan started to say over and over. "Oh, baby, yes."

After several minutes I stood up and let him collapse onto the bed. He turn turned around and said very abruptly, "Wait!"

I froze there. Too much? Was he going to freak out on me.

Instead he dropped to his knees and began to kiss my bulge through my jeans as he searched for my belt, button and zipper. He lowered my jeans, kissing my bulge again through my boxer briefs. Then he started to kiss around my stomach until his teeth caught my boxer briefs and began to pull them all the way to the floor. He helped me out of my jeans, boxer briefs and socks. My 6 inch cock was pointing straight out. 

Stefan started to kiss up my hairy legs, sometimes with his lips, sometimes with his tongue until he reached my balls. He licked my balls, slowly at first, then he took them into his mouth. I was now leaning over, bracing myself on my bed while he licked up my shaft to the head, circling it with that soft, sweet tongue.

He took my cock slowly, slowly until he had it all inside of his sweet mouth that produced such a cute smile. It felt like my cock was inside of velvet as he worked it. 

"Dude," I said, "I am close." He continued a minute more, then pulled off me, standing up.

Looking into my eyes, he said, "Let's not cum yet." I planted another long, deep, wet kiss on his lovely lips as my hands removed his jock. I then dropped to my knees to remove his socks, admiring his sexy, smooth, toned legs as I worked my way back up.

"I do that for biking," Stefan said, looking down at me with those cute eyes and gorgeous smile.

"I like them," I said, kissing up them. "I also like this," tracing my tongue over his hard cock. He was also cut but maybe a little smaller than me. It was the perfect size for me to blow as I inhaled it into my mouth. My nose nuzzled against his light brown pubic hair while I took him in my mouth.

I continued to massage his ass until he leaned back and onto the bed. Then I pulled off his cock, kissed up his body and lick and sucked on his nipples as I returned to his lips. While kissing his face, Stefan said, "I had no idea you were into guys. But when I saw you standing in the bookstore I got instantly hard."

"Really?" I said, looking into his eyes.

"Yeah. I thought you were so damn handsome. Dressed in your business suit. Looking all professional. I wanted to jump you there. But it's not like I've been with a ton of guys, so I wasn't sure about it."

"So you're gay? Or is that too personal?"

"I don't know for sure. I've been with girls and only been with a few guys. I have only gone all the way with one guy. And I've had girlfriends. But ... but when I saw you I knew I wanted to feel you between my legs. Besides, I'm tired of college boys." And laughed a cute laugh.

"So I'm your first older man?"

"Yeah. ... How old are you? Not that it matters?"

"I'm 34. What about you?"

"I turned 20 last month. That's why I need $15 for beer. I have to pay a guy to get it. ... Is it too young?"

"You are more like hot as hell." He pulled up and kissed me.

"So are you. And you are very, very handsome. And I am glad you are on top of me right now."

"I have condoms if you want to do more?"

"Yes, please." 

I pulled out a condom from the drawer in the table next to my bed. Stefan took it from me, smiled and said looking deep into my eyes, "I want to put it on you."

He did it in such a sexy way, looking at me, kissing a little, while he put the condom over my cock. 

"Do you want some lube?" I asked.

"I am ready," Stefan replied, arching his back. "Fuck me now, baby."

He was very tight as we worked my cock inside him, taking it slowing. Every time I pushed in a little more, he would inhale deeply and coo a little bit. Sometimes he would say, "Oh yes baby. More. God take me now."

After several minutes, I was inside him all the way. His legs were around me. I was looking into his eyes.

"Rick, this is only my second time making love like this. But it's the first time I've been with a man who I have such a big a crush on. You make me so fucking turned on."

That drove me insane when he said that. So I started to pump his ass, alternately kissing him, licking his neck and just looking into his eyes. After several minutes, Stefan began to coo again, then it became a kind of moan and he pulled me into him.

Then he just said, "Oh my god I'm going to cum baby! Don't you dare stop! Don't you dare stop!" In what seemed a half a second later, his cock began to shoot between us. I could feel the cum shooting up against my chest. Stefan began to buck up against me, saying, "I can't stop cumming! Oh my god baby it feels so fucking good! Oh my god!"

That put me over the edge. I pulled out and tore off my condom and shot all over Stefan's stomach, chest and even chin. I was moaning so damn loudly when I shot, while Stefan smiled at me and just kept saying, "Oh yes, baby! Oh yes!"

I collapsed on him and felt our cum mingling. We were both out of breath. He eventually moved up to kiss me. "Wow," he said in a playful voice. "That was more fun than my 50 mile ride." We then took a very hot, steamy and long shower.

Postscript: Stefan and I continued to see one another, telling no one about our relationship. We saw one another for the last two years he was in college. He even introduced me to his parents, as "a guy in town who I met when he spoke on campus." That was at a restaurant, where they were having dinner. We timed it so I would be there as well and pass his table so he could introduce me to his parents.

Stefan accompanied me on a few business trips, the best one was when I had a meeting in Boston right after his junior year was over. He told his parents he wanted to stay on campus to take summer classes, which gave us a lot more time together. That allowed us to extend my Boston business trip into a mini-vacation. Because we were so far from home, it was one of the times we were pretty out, holding hands and even kissing in public. It was also where we had bareback sex for the first time. I had only done it once, and he had used a condom the one other time he had sex with a guy. (We still both got tested to be safe.) That experience took our relationship to a new level, and it brought us closer together. There were periods where he basically lived at my house.

We always promised that our relationship was temporary. And it was. It ended when he graduated, although we enjoyed a very long nude weekend before his parents came to town for his commencement. And we met up a few times during his first two years out of college, but eventually we drifted apart.

That was 10 years ago. I would be lying if I said I didn't fall in love with that adorable blond guy I met that September day in the college bookstore. My heart still beats a little faster whenever I think of him or look at any of the pictures I have from those two years. (We were "careful" about the pictures we took.) When I wake up on some mornings, I still look over the bed expecting to see him. I've dated since Stefan, both men and women, but I don't really expect to fall in love again.