 I needed to pee. I walked to my local toilets, you never know, there might be a cock I can suck today.

The man standing at the long silver urinal when I entered was in his 40's, white, rugged, not handsome but very manly, thick shoulders, square head and the way he looked at me he was clearly assessing me. 

I stood to take a leak and he stayed there, waiting it seemed because he wasn't peeing at all. I figured I might be in luck here.

I finished and shook the drips off, popped it back into my boxers and zipped up. I looked across and looked back to see if I could see his cock and let him know I was interested.

As I was about to take a step back, he appeared by my side, grabbed my shoulders and pulled me back. He turned me around and pushed me into the cubicle/stall. He came in standing between me and the door. He grabbed my left arm in his right hand and locked the bolt on the door with his left.

He turned and he moved his right hand down to my groin. He held my entire package in his hand, not difficult given my soft size is just a couple of inches, if that. 

I wasn't resisting much and looked up at him with a hint of anger and a hint of excitement, this certainly had the promise of being out of the ordinary. He was over 6ft and I'm just 5'6" so that only added to his domination. Then he surprised me again. 

As he felt me through my jeans, I was moving to feel him when he put his hand under my chin. He held me by the throat and moved me to my right so my back was to the cubicle wall, the door to my right.

He lifted my head and kissed me hard, his tongue invading my mouth, taking control of it. Simultaneously he ground himself against my stomach so I knew he packed more than I did.

After my initial surprise, I kissed him back. He pulled away and looked down at me. 

He reached down to the bottom of my loose hanging T-shirt and with both his hands just tore it over my head as I instinctively raised my arms to assist him. He flung it as the shelf above the low cistern in front of the window sill where it stayed. 

He kissed me hard again, a very dominant kiss, he grabbed my wrists and thrust my hands above my head where he pinned them and held them secure with just one hand, his left.

He kissed and licked my neck. I'm sure he wanted to leave his mark so everyone would know I'd had a liason with someone. He didn't care if it caused me embarrassment, what if I had been married!

He moved his head down and licked my chest, still holding my wrists. I was on a high feeling like his toy to play with. He roughly tongued my nipples while his right hand, with fingers pointing to the floor, slowly crept down my stomach.

I was breathing in to offer him access to my jeans, not that breathing in would make any difference, they were loose anyway and would fall with the slightest of downward pressure.

He roughly grabbed them and pulled as his lips left my left nipple. They hit the floor in an instant. He raised his head and roughly kissed me again.

"You've got a tiny cock haven't you, you'll never please a woman with that, no wonder you hang around here looking for real men. Kick your jeans over your feet Bitch," he whispered with a hint of menace in my ear.

I used my right foot to step on the heel and peel the trainer off my left foot. I shook my jeans over that foot then did the same with the opposite foot. All the while my hands were pinned to the wall above my head while he continued to kiss and lick my neck and chest. 

My head was pressed back against the wall in pleasure as I breathed heavily, eyes shut, whimpering and melting to the feel of his strong tongue and lips.

"Undo my shirt slut" he ordered quietly in my ear and released my right hand as he stood upright. 

Button by button I undid them to slowly expose his strong hairy chest. I undid one and ran my finger over his chest before trailing to the next one, releasing it and feeling him again.

I'm not sure if I was teasing him or teasing myself. He just stood there and watched me. His eyes and inaction told me he wanted every button undone so who was I to disappoint him.

With every button undone, he put his hand behind my head and yanked it forward to his chest. I kissed and licked, seeking out first one nipple, then the other to tongue. His hand ran over my neck, back, he felt my ass cheeks, my stomach, caressed my head. 

I was glad I had a soft gentle body for him. I loved the feel of his hands on me, I savoured on the excitement of his touch, the dominance of it. I wanted to give myself to him.

He pushed me lower and I slowly worked my way down his chest and stomach trailing little kisses and flicks of my tongue. His hand went back under my chin again and pulled my head back up, kissing me with force once more.

"Now get on your knees and rub your face on my cock." 

He pulled my head to him, kissed me hard again and pushed my head down to his chest. Clearly, he wanted me to work my down again so I tongued his right nipple as he pressed my head into his chest. I moved across to his left nipple before beginning my descent.

I kissed his chest and licked with desire, with eagerness, with lust to please him. I wanted him to feel that I wanted him. I wanted to ensure he left totally satisfied, I wanted to do everything and anything for him. 

I reached his groin and rubbed my face, lips, cheeks firmly against him, quietly moaning to signal my desire again. I couldn't care less if anyone heard me at this point though.

"Get my dick out faggot."

I ran my right hand over his member, let my left run up his chest, around his back and return over his side to the front to unzip him and undo his button. I felt his cock through his underwear and pulled his jeans to the floor. I ran one hand up each leg with thumb and forefinger stretched apart. I ran them round to feel his ass cheeks and felt his bulge once more. 

I placed my fingers in his waistband and slowly pulled them down to reveal a beautiful thick semi-hard cock. He was a shower, not a grower, although he could have been both.

I was kneeling on the cold floor, fortunately, it was dry. I waited, he was in charge. He would use my mouth as he chose. I sat there as his trained dog waiting for permission to enjoy my treat. 

He put his hand on the back of my head and ground his cock into my face. He rubbed it all over and I smelt his manliness.

"Lick."

I stuck my tongue out and he continued to rub himself over me. He pulled his cock up and ground my face into his balls. I licked. I licked one and took it into my mouth and sucked on it. He savoured the feel, moaned and pulled himself away as he pulled his ball sack out of my mouth with a plop while I continued to suck it. 

He ground my face into his other ball and we repeated the process. I didn't use my hands, I just got the feeling he would prefer total dominance, even if all my hands would do would be to caress his thighs and ass cheeks lovingly.

"You lick my balls again Bitch." It wasn't really a question, more a statement, but I moaned my desire and returned his balls to my mouth. His hard cock was resting on my forehead, his hand holding me firmly in place before he pulled away again. 

My world at this point was his hand, his cock and his balls, nothing else mattered.

He once again pulled me to my feet by my chin and plunged his tongue into mine. I was enjoying being his sex object, being used as he wished. I responded with everything I had. I forced my mouth against his, my tongue longing for the pressure of his. I wanted his tongue as deep as he could get it. 

I kissed him with all my force and he responded, I still came up second best. That was triumphant in itself.

Turning me, he pressed my face into the wall, his feet spread my feet wider and my arms instinctively pressed against the wall above my head. With his left hand he undid the bolt on the door and pulled it open. I could see two men who looked around and as he signalled to them to come over, two more appeared.

"Stay." That was all he said, as if talking to his dog and stepped back into the cubicle releasing me. 

Hands started caressing me, over my back, my chest, my ass, my legs, my soft cock, my balls. I felt licks and kisses. I felt someone pulling my ass cheeks apart and a tongue licking at my hole. I was alive, I was wanted, craved by faceless strangers. I moaned louder this time in pleasure like a wanton slut, their toilet slut.

One man pulled me off the wall turning me sideways to take a kiss. The man eating my ass moved around and continued his tongue assault on my hole. One was kissing and caressing my stomach, another was kissing and caressing my back. They all seemed to be revelling in my soft skin. I was in heaven.

I felt the tongue leave my ass and the man at my back move. My hips were grabbed. A firm hand pressed on my back silently ordering me to bend over. A hand on the back of my head, clearly from a guy in front pressed my head to the groin of the man in front of me. It left and he was unzipping and dropping his trousers.

The guy behind me was the man who had led me into the cubicle in the first place. He was pressing his knobhead into my ass and pressing hard.

"Get my cock wet" he ordered to one of the other guys who I then heard slobbering over it. "Just wet it, it's going up the Bitches arse."

"That'll do" and with that he was once again pressing into my hole while another pair of hands pulled my cheeks apart. With a violent shove, it popped in and I felt him simply slide it slowly further home. I let out a moan again, still having a cock in my mouth, a cock fucking my mouth. 

After a few seconds, I felt the cock in my ass pull almost all the way out and push firmly further inside me.

He was letting me get used to it. The guy in my mouth wasn't, he was just fucking my mouth and was clearly getting close. My attacker from behind kept long slow strokes and the man in front grunted "Here it comes Bitch" before ramming his cock as far as he could and pumping his jism down my throat.

I cleaned him, he pulled out and left, to be replaced by another cock immediately. I was moaning my pleasure and the cock behind me just kept the long slow movements as my mouth was being fucked again.

Balls hit my backside with a regular rhythm and I felt my wrists being grabbed and pulled behind my back. They were straight back and he was using them to pull me onto his cock as he continued to slowly give me the whole length with every stroke. 

He used me as a rider uses a horse as he made me his personal fuck toy. He was taking his pleasure from me at a pace that made sure he didn't cum. I guessed he wanted me to service these men first.

I was tonging the cock in my mouth with every stroke, I wanted to make each man cum, to taste their semen. I wanted to know I was pleasing them. Not long later a second load joined the first and a third cock took its place. 

I sucked hard and licked, twisting my head to pleasure him as best I could with mouth only. This guy didn't last long and he grabbed my head as started pumping fast. He thrust forward and unloaded with a moan.

The fourth man quickly moved in front of me and gave me his cock to work on. "There you go Slut, taste my meat."

I sucked hard. And he pushed further into my mouth. I bobbed my head up and down his shaft sucking and licking with each stroke.

"Oh that's it, take that cock Slut." he ordered as he thrust it into me. He was simply telling me what a Slut loves to hear.

"Mmmmmm, yes, take that cock...you know you want this. You're going to get my load soon if you're a good Slut. Come on, work for it."

I sucked and he thrust into me, holding my head as he masturbated his cock into my mouth. "Oh, yeah, I'm ready, suck hard."

I did, I wanted to eat his load. His cock jerked, and I felt his cum flow into my mouth, I felt it on my tongue. It jerked again, and again, a reducing rope of cum each time.

He pulled out and I immediately felt the dominant man behind me start to quicken his pace and fuck me harder. He then let go of my wrists and grabbed my hips. He started fucking me with force, hammering into me. 

He manhandled me so I was facing the wall again. I put my hands against it and bent my back. I was grunting with pleasure so he knew I liked it, not that that would have mattered I'm sure.

"Look at you wimp. getting fucked in front of men. Look at them, let them see pleasure written all over your face. Keep watching them until I have finished with you."

I dutifully turned my head to the left and pressed back onto his cock as he hammered his man meat into me. I loved the feel of his balls slapping into me with a vengeance. I moaned out loud for my watching public, the three men whose cocks I had already sucked.

"You're loving this Slut. You faggots love a pounding don't you, here it comes."

With that, he thrust into me violently one last time and held his cock there while he came wave after wave. There seemed to be loads of it. He eased out and thrust back in again several times, fucking me while he still could.

I sighed in satisfaction and stayed resting naked against the wall.

"We'll leave you to clean up," he said while pulling up his trousers. He tucked his cock away and walked out. The others left, well two of them did, the third, the one I guessed had eaten me out before, came into the cubicle, locked the door and got down behind me. 

He pulled my cheeks apart and I felt his tongue once more. I moaned again as he ate my creampie and drove his tongue in as far as he could. I pushed at appropriate moments but liked the feel of his tongue so made sure he had to work a bit for it.

Once finished he got up, "Thanks Slut, that was a great show."

He unlocked the door and walked out. I shut it behind him and sat down for a rest. My clothes could wait.

I heard my phone go off from behind me. My jeans were apparently on the shelf above the cistern. I delved into the pocket of my jeans. Pulled it out, looked at it. It wasn't a number I recognised but answered it anyway.

It was a video message. A video of me being eaten and sucking a cock.

I didn't know it had been taken and didn't know he had taken my mobile number.

A text arrived. Toilets, Tuesday 11am, wear shorts & a T-shirt, nothing else. 

I smiled, I had just the pair. Navy blue Adidas running shorts with a slit up each side right to the waistband. They were a relic of the 70's when shorts were short. The elastic was loose, they would fall to the floor at the slightest touch.

Roll on Tuesday.