 I wrote this story for my wife. It's fiction, but I hope you enjoyed anyway.

*

Last week-end was one I never would have thought would ever have happened. My wife left me by myself. I received a call from an old friend. We haven't seen much of each other since he and his wife split up a year ago. So I invited him to stay at my place for the week-end. Roger showed up about 6 pm Friday night. Roger and I are the same age, he is about 6'1 and in pretty good shape. We went out for dinner and drinks and took a cab back to my place. 

"So what do you want to do?" I asked Roger

"I have this porn I want to show you. It's 1 I made with Alex "(his ex).

"Sure, but why?"

"I though it would be like getting back at her for leaving by showing it off"

"Has anyone else seen it.?"

"No, But you knew her pretty well, so I am starting with you."

"Sounds good I could then show you the one I made with Debi."

"You can go down stairs and set up and I will grab some more beers". 

Roger took off down stairs and I grabbed the tape of Debi and I and then took 2 beers out of the fridge. 

"Hey no comments on my dick" 

"Fine I won't say anything...like I'm going to be looking at your dick anyway. I always liked Alex's big tits." 

So we started watching his tape, then mine. We made lude comments about each other and our women. 

I notice that Roger was touching himself. 

So after many viewings and several beers, Roger turns to me and says

"Do you mind if I take off my pants and play with myself. It's been a while and I can't help it?"

"I know we are close, but ...sure go for it."

As we watched the movies again, I was watching Roger play with himself. I can't believe that I was looking at his cock. It was smaller then mine, but I can't understand why I was watching him. 

"I feel a little self continence. So could you take your pants off or leave me alone for a while. It's not like I haven't seen your dick as we were watching you fuck your wife."

"Good point. I will be back in a moment."

I went and got a bottle of lube and went back to the basement naked.

As we both sat there naked playing with ourselves I could tell he was looking at me as often as I was looking at him. I said

"Do you fine this a all strange?" 

"Maybe a bit. Umm have you ever touched another man before?"

"No have you?"

"No but I'm thinking I might want to try it."

We both stopped holding our own cocks and sat there for a minute. I took a deep breath and moved closer to Roger. I reached out and touched his dick. I then felt him grab a hold of mine. I closed my hand around his hard cock. We both sat there saying nothing, just slowly stroking each other off. I couldn't believe how good it felt, both having Roger's cock in my hand and having him jerking me off.

"Are you enjoying this as much as I am?" I ask Roger

"MMM Yes."

I turned towards him as he turned to me. Our eyes met and we just sat there looking at each other. Then Roger leaned in and kissed me. I retuned the kiss. I felt his tongue enter my mouth. It felt nice. As we continued to make out we both started stroking each other faster. I felt his dick get harder as mine did the same. 

We broke our embrace and we let go of each others dicks. We just sat there more a moment trying to figure out what just happened. Then for the first time in my life I wanted to suck another man's cock. 

I looked into Roger's eyes and whispered "I want to suck your cock."

Roger gave me a long deep kiss and smiled at me.

I moved down between his legs. I grab his hard cock and ran my hand up and down it. A drop of pre-cum appeared and I licked it off. I took the head into my mouth and moved up and down. I heard Roger moan and I figured he liked what I was doing. It felt good having a cock in my mouth. I licked it up and down, and then took his balls in my mouth. I could tell Roger was getting close to Cumming. I put his nice hard cock back into my waiting mouth. I felt Roger tighten up and new he was about to cum. It never accrued to me not to swallow his load. I kept sucking and felt the first wave of cum hit the back of my throat. I just kept sucking and swallowed every drop. I enjoyed it. My dick got harder then it had ever been. I let go of his cock and kiss my way up his chest. I licked his nipples then I gave him a long kiss. Our tongues explored each others mouths. Roger pulled me to a standing positing in front of him. I look down as he grabbed my hard cock and wrapped his lips around the head. I watched as he took more of the cock into his mouth. He reaches around and grabbed as ass with both hands and pulled me deeper inside his mouth. After sucking his cock I was so fucking turn on I knew this wouldn't last long. We kept his hands on my ass and was sucking my cock like a true pro. He let go and ran his tongue up and down my shaft. 

"You want to cum in my mouth?"

"Fuck yes."

He then took my cock back into his mouth and sucked harder then before. He took one hand off my ass and started jerked me off with it. I shot my load into his mouth and he swallowed it all. He kept my cock in his mouth until all the cum had drained out. I fell to the couch beside him. 

"Well I wasn't expecting that when I was invited over tonight."

"It wasn't in my plans either."

"Debi will be so turned on when I tell her."

"Can I be there when you do?"

"Sure maybe we can both fuck her after wards"

"Really? That wouldn't bother you."

"No. You just sucked my cock. I think we can share my wife."

"Wow if we did this earlier we could have had a 4some. I know Alex always wanted to do that."

"So what should we do now?" Roger asked

"Let's grab another beer and see what happens"

"Sounds good to me."

We had another drink and then walked to the video store. We rented 2 bi moves and walked back. We grabbed more beer and went to the basement. We stripped naked and turn on the movie. We watch a few scenes of Guy Girl action and then we saw a two guy scene. As we watched we grabbed each other cocks and slowly stroked each other. Roger then moved in front of me and took my cock into his mouth. 

"You sure are good at that"

"Beginners luck" Roger said

I want to lick your ass he said to me. I stood up and turned around. Roger ran his tongue down the crack of my ass. He licked my ass hole. 

"That feels great." 

He then put some lube on the ass and slowly slides his fingure into my ass. I pushed back against him. 

"Seems like you like this."

"Yes it feels good. Don't stop. My cock is getting so fucking hard."

Roger reached around and gave my cock a tug.

"Why don't you suck my cock before I finish with you?"

"Sure"

I turned around and Roger stood in front of me. I took his hard cock into mouth and suck it. I was really enjoying sucking a cock, but I wanted more.

"Would you like to fuck me in the ass?" I asked Roger.

"I thought you'd never ask."

I moved to the floor and took out the lube and rubbed all over his hard cock. I got on all fours and Roger moved behind me. He lick my ass again and then lubed up my ass. He put the head of his cock against the asshole. He slowly pushed inside. He stopped after the head was all the way in. It felt strange but good.

"You can go in more, I'm ready."

Within a minute he had his entire 6 inch cock in my ass. 

"Are you ready for me to fuck you?"

"Yes. Fuck me hard."

He pulled half way out then slammed into my ass. I knew then why my wife loved this so much. It felt great to have a hard cock in my ass. Roger continued to pound my ass. He had his hands on my hips as he thrust this cock into me. 

"Fuck me hard." I screamed 

Roger then slapped my ass as he hammered my asshole. 

"I'm going to cum. Where do you want it?"

"I don't care. Just keep fucking me it feels great."

Roger pulled out and I felt his cum all over my back and ass. He then collapsed on top of me. I rolled over and kiss him. We kissed for several minutes. I would have never expected to do what I just did. 

"How did it feel?"

"It felt great. Do you want me to fuck you in the ass?"

"I would. Just give me a minute."

Roger then turned over and I started to kiss his neck, I then kissed my way down his back to his ass. I kissed and bit his cheeks. I spread his cheeks and licked his ass hole. I felt him jump. I licked his ass like I would lick a pussy. I pushed my tongue in as far as I could. I then lubed him up and slide in my finger. I finger fucked him for several minutes. 

"Stop teasing and fuck me already."

"Sure." As I pulled him to all fours. I lubed up my very hard cock and slowly inserted into Roger. I let him get use to it. I started to fuck him slowly. I then started to fuck him hard. He moaned as I was pumping his asshole. I leaned over him as I rammed my hard cock into his tight asshole. I reached around and started to play with his cock. It has hard in no time. I jerked him off as I fuck his ass. I fucked him harder as I neared climax. 

"Cum in my ass."

"Fuck sure."

As I shot my load into his tight ass he shot his load into my hand. 

I lick my hand off as I left my cock in his ass. I pulled out and we lay on the floor together. We kissed again. It was like we couldn't get enough of each other. 

What happened next is a story for another day.