 I got home late one night from my usual cardio session at the gym. Working out had got me sweaty and horny, so I raced home, glancing to be sure the DVD was still on the passenger seat, something I had grabbed from the gay section at the porn shop I worked at, before leaving for the day. 

I took a quick shower and gave myself an enema, my typical ritual before a hot dildo session, making sure I was nice and clean inside. I quickly dried off and then pulled my favorite collar from the lowest drawer and slid it around my neck, latching it tightly. It was just snug enough to tell it was there. It wasn't necessary, but always added that extra erotic touch to sex with myself. I admired my small, naked frame in the mirror and noticed just how feminine I looked. Satisfied, I quickly moved to the living room. I pushed the DVD into the player, turned on the TV, then settled on the futon, my big dildo and lube beside me. 

As the movie started, it jumped right into the action. A jock sat on a bench in a locker room, getting sucked off by a fem ballboy. My cock twitched and I grabbed the lube, squeezed some into my hand and started to work it around my ass, not forgetting to pop a lubed finger in and work some into my aching hole. I worked one finger in and out for a minute, then squirted some more lube as I pushed another finger and finally a third into my now relaxed hole. I grabbed the dildo and squirted some lube on the tip and worked it around. 

I looked up to the movie and the ball boy was now just starting to sit on the jock, reverse cowboy. His hard, uncut cock stood out from his groin and he pulled his balls up for the camera, as he began to work himself down on the jock's thick cock. He grimaced a little from its size, but it didn't take long for him to be sitting comfortable on the jock's lap. He laid back against the jock's chest and started moving up and down, slowly.

I mirrored the action, propping the dildo on the floor below me and slid off the futon, hovering my lubed ass just above the head. I rested my elbow on the futon, perched my sphincter against the head of the fake cock and sat down. The dildo slid into my ass with ease and I rested at the bottom for a moment, then rose and started riding my favorite sex toy. Up and down, I rode the cock, easily faster and harder than the boy rode the jock. I closed my eyes and got lost in the sensation. 

Moments later, I heard a door open and my best friend Jon's voice, getting louder, as I came out of my trance.

"Hey man, what's going- Fuuuuck, looks like I caught you at a bad time."

My face turned bright red. I was still sitting on the dildo, my bare, flaccid cock dangling between my legs. 

"Fuck dude, you ever heard of knocking?!" I jumped off the dildo and it fell over with a faint thump. 

"I did, but you didn't answer, so I checked the door and it was unlocked." Jon stood there for a moment, taking stock of the situation. I stood there, still frozen from the sudden intrusion. "You know dude, I've always known you were gay. Why didn't you just tell me?"

"What? I am no―fuck." My voice trailed off. I took a step back and sat down on the futon and buried my face in my hands. "Shit, this is fucking embarrassing. Certainly not the way I ever intended to tell you."

"Dude, it's totally cool with me. Whatever makes you happy, right?" 

Jon paused for a moment. "So, uh, you ever fuck any dudes?"

My face was still in my hands and I could feel a lump forming in my throat. There was no point in hiding my sexuality anymore. "Not exactly. Well, I'm not really into the top thing, but once, I did some guy in college."

I reached down and picked up the dildo. "This is about all that fucks me now." I tossed it to the floor in embarrassed disgust.

"Shit, that sucks. I'd go crazy if I didn't get some trim once in while." He paused again, a little longer this time. "So, I'm curious, have you, uh, ever thought about me like that?" 

My head snapped up. "What? No!" 

"Why not? I'm a good looking guy, right?"

"Well yea, it's just-" I hesitated for a moment. "I mean, you're my best friend, who just happens to be straight, and I wouldn't want to do anything to mess that up." 

"Well, I gotta be honest, I've sometimes fantasized about what it'd be like to fuck around with you. I've thought about asking you, but I figured it's not just about sex, so... But damn, look at you, you're pretty fuckin' cute right now."

"Seriously?"

"Fuck, an ass is an ass as far as I'm concerned. I'd tear that shit up in a heartbeat." Jon grabbed his crotch and laughed. 

"Like here, right now?" I looked up at Jon. My mind started to race and I could feel my heart pounding in my chest. 

"Sure, why the fuck not. We've known each other forever, why not just be fuck-buddies while we're at it?"

"Uh, I dunno, it seems kinda weird."

"Shit, I'm game if you are..." I glimpsed at Jon's groin, as he grabbed the growing bulge in his pants and adjusted himself. 

"Fuck, I'm so tired of this dildo, I could use some real cock for once." I looked up at Jon. "Then get your ass over here and fuck the shit out of me." 

Jon wasted no time. He stripped off his pants and briefs, exposing a long, uncut cock and a massive set of testicles. The size of his flaccid cock surprised me a bit. My tiny cock matched my petite frame, but it was nothing compared to his hog. Even soft, his cock was much longer, I'd guess seven inches easily. It was thick and the foreskin covered the head completely, just like mine. 

"Whoa, that's a big dick." I couldn't help but stare at his massive cock.

"Heh." Jon looked down at my smooth, tiny dick, but didn't say anything. 

Jon moved towards me, his massive dick swaying with each step. He sat next to me on the futon. 

"So, you sure about this?"

I slid off the futon and perched myself in front of him, between his open legs, his cock mere inches from me. His balls were completely shaved and his pubic hair was trimmed short. He smelled fresh and I could see a drop of pre-cum starting to peek out from his foreskin. I looked up at him, right into his eyes. 

Jon's cock twitched. I looked back at it and I could feel my tongue pierce through my clenched lips, getting them wet. His cock leaned to the left as he started to get hard. 

Jon looked down at me. I said nothing, just wrapped my hand around his thick cock and lifted it. It was mostly hard now and had to be easily nine inches, but it still drooped from its own weight. It was warm and heavy, my fingers just barely touched around its girth. I slid back the long foreskin, revealing the dark, purple head. 

I leaned forward and slowly engulfed its softness into my mouth. The ooze of pre-cum from the tip was sweet. Jon hesitantly put one hand around the back of my neck and I started working his cock in and out more fervently, dragging my tongue along the underside of the head with each stroke.

I glanced up at him, his cock in my mouth and he looked right at me. 

"Fuck dude, that feels fucking good. You really know how to work a cock." 

His cock was so delicious and it turned me on that he was enjoying it. The feel of a real cock in my mouth was glorious and I went wild. I worked his fat dick, relishing in the sweet taste. As I held the base with one hand, I worked the tip with my lips, sliding them up one side, then down the other, then back in my mouth to suck on it some more. I rested my other hand on his knee. Any inhibitions about sex with my friend were now completely gone. 

His cock was drenched in my saliva and little streams were beginning to form, stretching towards the floor. I held his dick firmly and slid his slick cock around on my face. I slapped the heavy beast against my face a couple of times.

"Mmm..." I rubbed his cock around on my face, feeling it's warmth and lubing my face with the sweet mixture of my spit and his precum. 

"I fucking LOVE your cock." I stuck the tip near my mouth and start sucking again. I continued like that for a bit more, when I heard Jon mumble, half under his breath.

"Holy shit, stop."

I looked up at Jon, in a trance, one hand still on his cock. His face was tense. A sense of dread came over me suddenly.

"What―what's wrong?" My lips were slick and puffy and I could feel a string of saliva run down my chin. 

"You were about to make me cum and I couldn't hold on anymore." My dread faded.

I jumped back to my spot on the futon and cocked my legs back. 

"Then quick-fuck me now."

Jon relaxed. He jumped in front of me and knelt down, his giant cock even with my waiting, hairless hole. 

"Wait, you want me to wear rubber? I don't exactly have any." Jon glanced around, searching for a box of condoms.

I spread my ass cheeks apart, exposing my clean, hairless hole. 

"No, just do me raw." I paused for a moment and looked up at him. "I wanna feel all of that big dick in me."

Jon put one hand in the crook of my leg. He grabbed his huge cock and slid it around the rim of my smooth, lubed hole. He pressed the tip of his cock to my ass. I felt pressure as he started to press in. As he began to enter me, I relaxed and his cock popped in with ease. The head of his cock pressed hard against my prostate and as he slid in further, the pleasure was overwhelming. 

"Nnng." I closed my eyes. I could feel his cock hit me somewhere deep and his smooth testicles rested on my ass. 

"Holy fuck dude, your ass is amazing." Jon pulled back, the tip of his cock just inside the ring of my sphincter, and held it there for a second.

I looked back up at him. I grabbed his hips and pulled him hard into me, rocking the frame of the futon. His hands pressed firmly on my thighs as he took heed and tore into my ass with his dick. I could feel the thickness of his cock fill my rectum with each stroke. 

I glanced at Jon's cock going in and out of my ass and then closed my eyes again, lost in the numbness of pleasure. Each stroke rubbed against my prostate and made my cock throb. Precum was draining from the tip and dribbling on my stomach. My cock ached, as I felt near-orgasm sensations with each stroke.

"Fuck this dude, turn around." Jon pulled out, his slick cock bobbing back and forth.

I slid off the futon and kneeled, resting my arms on the floor. My head on my arms, I pushed my ass into the air. I could feel my relaxed hole pulsing as I eagerly waited for him to enter me again.

Jon moved in behind me and I could feel his big hand on my ass, his thumb on my anus, spreading my hole open. Only a moment passed and I felt his cock pressing against me. I relaxed and pushed back firmly against him and swallowed his cock to the hilt in one quick motion. 

"Damn, you little slut." Jon chuckled. 

"Shit, you know it." I responded by sliding nearly off his cock and slamming back against his groin. Jon stayed still while I moved on his fat cock. 

"That's it, ride that big dick."

"Gawd, your cock feels so fucking good." I felt so full, but all I wanted was more of his huge cock. I rode his dick wildly, like a bitch in heat.

Jon gripped my ass firmly with both hands and pulled me back on his cock. I moaned as I felt his cock hit the back of my rectum again. With each long stroke, he'd pause just before pulling all the way out, then yank me back hard, my ass hitting his groin, his smooth balls slapping against mine. Out almost all the way, then hard back in. 

"Oooh...fuck...yes... Pound my ass."

I was absolutely overwhelmed with pleasure. My nipples were hard and ached. I reached up and pinched one as hard as I could. With each hard stroke, my cock throbbed from the sensation and I could feel the cum welling up in my balls. 

"Oh god, I'm gonna cum!" 

Jon continued to tear into my ass, now one foot on the floor. His big hands gripped my round ass cheeks firmly as he pushed and pulled my ass back and forth on his cock. Seconds later, my cock exploded, spraying cum on the floor below me. Jon kept pounding me while I came, his huge cock filling me with each stroke, my ass tightening with each pulse of my huge orgasm. 

"Fuck, I can feel that, your ass is so tight. I'm about to cum."

"Don't cum in me, I want to eat your cum!" I quickly slid off his cock and turned around. I sat back on my feet. I could feel something dribbling out of my stretched hole.

"Grab my hair, feed me your cum."

Jon stood up and grabbed his cock. He put the other hand on the top of my head, scrunched my hair, tilting it back and held me there firmly. 

I opened my mouth wide and put my tongue up to the tip of his cock. 

"You want it? Here it comes." 

I stared up at him and could feel his hot cum hit the back of my throat as it surged deep into my mouth. I leaned forward and engulfed his pulsing cock, milking every last drop of his bittersweet sauce.

When he was done, he released my head and I let his cock pop out from between my slick lips. My asshole was still loose from his big dick. I wiped a bit of cum from the side of my mouth and licked it off my finger. 

"Thanks, I uh, I really needed that." I hesitated for a moment. "Sorry if it got a little weird or anything, I was just really into it and ― I guess I kinda like it rough." 

"Shit, that was probably one of the best fucks of my life." Jon's sat down on the futon, his big cock beginning to soften. 

"Really?" 

"Yea, no fuckin' joke. That ass of yours is amazing and when you said 'Feed me your cum', I fuckin' lost it right there."

"Well, it does taste delicious. Next time, you can cum in my ass." I chuckled a bit.

We both sat there, not sure what to say. I glanced at Jon's cock, which seemed to be getting hard again. I imagined his thick cock pouring cum deep into my ass and I felt my own cock pulse at the thought.

"So, uh, you mind if I stay here tonight?" Jon broke the silence. "Kim's outta town, so I got no reason to go home."

"Uh, sure, but I only have the one bed and this futon is not very comfortable."

"That's cool, I doubt we'll be doing much sleeping anyway." Jon cracked a huge grin and winked.

I slid over and perched myself in front of Jon. I pushed him back on the futon and lifted his heavy cock. 

It was going to be a long night for sure...