 1980

Due to circumstances I could not control, I found myself without a sexual partner. This in spite of the fact I was bisexual. Even with both genders to choose from, I had nobody. By the way, I'm Jonathan. These events took place while I was in college. I had always been a little curious. An old family friend introduced me to bisexuality on a deer hunting trip. I had a brief affair with his wife as well as my dorm mate. I was even seduced by my own Mom.

Now nothing. 

I had moved to an apartment off campus and hoped to continue with Jim, my former roommate. What I didn't know was that he flunked out and moved home. I had enjoyed being submissive to him and a couple of his frat buddies that came by sometimes. I would always blow all three, however, my ass was only for Jim.

Now nothing.

There were some hot looking girls in my classes. The thing is, I had developed a taste for older women. Those were scarce in the college town. But men my age were plentiful. It was a matter of finding the right one(s). 

I'm pretty average in appearance — I don't naturally give off a gay 'vibe.' Even so, I managed over the next couple of months to draw some attention.

There was the waiter at an Italian food place that took an interest. The restaurant was slow so he was able to chat awhile. He was a recent grad from my college who was waiting tales while looking for work in his field. I offered to buy him a drink downtown. I ended up sucking him off in his car on a dark side street. He came over to my apartment twice before he moved to start a new job. He never said, but I had the feeling he had a wife or girlfriend. 

A nearby gym had a free month's membership promotion and I joined. I did it to get in shape but was also keeping a eye out. In those days gyms were pretty much all-male. At least this one was. There was a morning crowd that worked out, showered, dressed and went to work. They were gone by 9 am. Then the after work crowd came in from 3:30 to closing. At the slow times in between there might be only one or two employees in the building.

Being a student, I could usually come in at mid morning and have the place almost to my self. There might be a retiree or two around also looking to miss the crowds. I usually used the weight machines when no one else was around since I did not want to have a barbell crushing me without someone to help. I did prefer free weights. I needed someone to spot for me.

This day, two guys in their 60s were the only other members around. One was short, skinny and frail. Think of Don Knotts. He would not be my choice of someone to spot me on a benchpress! The other guy was a handsome gentleman, 6-0, 180 or so. He was only wearing nylon gym shorts so I could see his firm abs. I was sizing him up as a spotter.

"What the fuck are you looking at?"

He took me by surprise. I didn't think he was even aware of me.

"N-nothing. I was wanting to know If you could spot me on the bench."

"Ok, the piddly little weight you can lift won't be any problem."

"I beg your pardon, I..."

"Shut up and let's get to it." Then he turned to the other man. "Barney(!), looks like you get out of it today. Go on home."

Barney gave me a scornful glance as he gathered his things and left.

"He's such a drama queen."

"Thanks for spotting me. I'm Jonathon, by the way, and you are...?"

"What you want my fucking resumé, too? You can call me 'Dick,' for now. Now lift the goddamned weights before my next birthday."

I thought about putting more weight on the bar, but thought better of it. I felt like a new recruit facing an abusive drill sergeant for the first time. I didn't want to give him more reason to yell at me.

I took my position on the bench. When I glanced up he was standing close enough for me to get a glimpse up the leg of his loose shorts. I couldn't see much but what I did see look to be impressive. Dick caught me peeking and he gave me a smirk.

I did two sets, and Dick eased his crotch closer and closer to my head. I didn't say anything. I was enjoying the view. However, as I returned the bar to it's cradle, I suddenly had a pair of hairy balls on my face!

"What the hell," I managed to sputter out,

"Shut up, cocksucker. You been looking at my pecker all morning. I figured you wanted a taste. Go ahead open your mouth." 

I did as I was told. I took one testicle in my mouth; they were much too big to take both. From my angle I couldn't see anything other than his wrinkled scrotum and his asshole. I still had not gotten a glimpse of his old cock. I savored the hairy and slightly sweaty ball and switched to the other nut when I had sucked the saltiness from the first. 

"I was right, you are a cocksucker, or a ball sucker for sure."

He stepped back and let his cock flop down on my face. He had a lot to be proud of — his cock was quite large. As he moved farther back, his beautiful pecker slid off. Dick pulled his shorts back up.

"Not here. Shower room. Last stall."

I took a moment to return the weights back to their racks. Dick was already in the shower. Though I had been initiated by an older man, Dick was almost three times my age! His distinguished good looks just made me more excited about pleasing him.

Before I got to the last stall, I stripped naked. I drew a deep breath and pulled the curtain back and slipped into the stall with Dick. He was now hard as he lazily stroked the soap covered dick. It was easily longer and thicker than any I had seen before.

"Barney usually does the honors, but I wanted something a little different, so I sent him home. Don't make me regret it, boy."

I went to my knees and examined the magnificent old cock. It was about 8 inches long and thick with prominent veins. His pubic hair was sparse and sprinkled with grey.

"I ain't getting any younger. Start sucking, bitch." He placed his right hand on the back of my head and pulled me towards his hard cock. I was actually getting turned on by his brusqueness. I opened my mouth wide as he forced himself in. I had never had a problem with my gag reflex before, but the extra width hit me wrong and it was all I could do not to throw up. My eyes watered and I had a coughing fit, but I recovered quickly and tried it again.

This time going at my own pace, I was able to get past it. Dick groaned in pleasure.

"This ain't your first rodeo, is it, slick? Barney has been sucking cock for 40 years and he still hasn't taken all of me like that. Keep this up and he will be out of his job!"

I tried to imagine frail little Barney handling Dick's piece of meat.

He began thrusting, slowly at first, then faster. I was handling it well. I was wanting to taste his cum, I didn't have long to wait.

"Yes, bitch, here it comes! Swallow it all!"

I locked my lips tighter around the head and I didn't have to wait long before he erupted. His spunk quickly filled my mouth. It was thicker than most and saltier. I made a show of swallowing it down.

"I was right about you, Joann. You are a natural."

"Actually it's Jonathon."

"Whatever. You live alone?"

"Yes, I have an apartment not far from here."

"Good. I want that young tight ass but not here. It won't be for a couple of days. Give me your address and phone number. I'll call to set it up. You might want to find some panties to wear."

"What?"

"You heard me. Be ready when I call.

I left my information at the front desk. I got a knowing look from the guy working there.

'I know, I know, give this to Dick. He's pretty persuasive isn't he?"

I nodded and left. Apparently, I had some shopping to do.

******

The ladies' intimates section at Montgomery Wards was daunting but at the same time erotic. Bras, panties, nighties and the like were all around me. I had no idea where to start.

"May I help you? You look lost."

I turned to see a 40-ish sales lady. She was about 5-4 or so with a curvy figure, sandy hair, and a pretty face. Her make up was tastefully done. She wore a professional looking black knee-length skirt and starched white blouse. Doubtlessly wearing stockings and a garter belt. Her name tag said "Margaret." She had my immediate attention. I had hoped to grab a couple of pairs of panties and split. But that wasn't going to happen now.

"Well, uh, Margaret, I need panties, uh, for, uh my uh mother"

"That is a little different. Most men are here for girlfriends or wives. But there is nothing wrong with getting a little something for mom, is there?"

I hadn't thought my story through very well. I improvised.

"She is widowed and I thought this might cheer her up." God that sounded perverted.

"Okay, I might have went with something less personal, but let's see what we can find?"

She bought out a selection of huge Granny panties, and I vetoed those. She then showed me an assortment of briefs that would work. I didn't know about size so she asked how 'mom' compared to her. That gave me an excuse to stare at her bottom. I took my time.

"I would say you are very close to her size. Do you mind turning around slowly?"

She did a slow 360 degree spin. I really like what I saw. She then picked out two pairs.

"We have gift wrapping. I get bonus points for each package. I'm sure you wife or girlfriend can wrap them, too."

"I don't have either. Too busy, How about you? A good looking woman like you is bound to have someone."

She blushed. "Thank you, but I would not say. And a handsome young man like you should have no trouble finding someone.

"I was seeing an older woman, but not any more."

"So you like older women?"

"Oh yes." There I was sounding perverted again.

"Interesting. Pardon me for a moment." She took the panties we had selected and went to the register to bag them up. 

I grabbed the sack, and told her it was nice to meet her.

"Please come back to see us at Montgomery Ward."

It wasn't until I got back to the apartment that I opened the bag, eager to try on my new panties.

Inside was a handwritten note on pink stationery.

"I did not even get your name. You know mine. I would really, really like to see you again (outside the store). Would you like to get coffee, or maybe even dinner some time. Here is my phone number. I do want you to call. I don't go in until mid afternoon most days.

Hope to see you soon,

Peggy (Margaret). 

Instead of parentheses, she drew a large heart around 'Margaret.'

Very interesting. Short and to the point. I would certainly be giving her a call! First, however, I had a date with Dick's dick.

As promised, Dick called to arrange another get together. His authoritarian tone was much less rude.

"Hi, Jonathon, I wanted to see if I could come over later, say about 7?"

"Sure, you can take me to dinner"

"What?"

"If you want my tight young ass, then the least you can do is feed me first. If not, you always have Barney."

"Oh, all right. It better be worth it."

After a long shower, I dressed for my 'date.' I chose a short sleeved Hawaiian shirt and blue jean shorts. The hardest choice would be which panties to wear. 

I had tried them on the day before. I loved the silky feel of the soft fabrics so much that I had worn a pair all day. For tonight, I picked a lacy pink pair. For a moment, my mind switched from tonight's encounter to Peggy's thick ass. I imagined her wearing these panties as she bent over waiting for me to fuck her. Perhaps later. 

Shortly before 7, the doorbell rang. I was suddenly nervous. Dick immediately stepped through the door without an invitation. 

"Listen, about this dinner thing, I am not looking for a gushy romantic thing."

"Relax, Chief. I'm not either. It's just dinner. It's not that big of a deal. In fact we can skip it."

I stepped closer to him, and reached down to the front of his slacks. His cock twitched at my touch. It got harder as I rubbed it. Without saying anymore, I unbuckled his belt and opened his pants. By then he was fully hard and straining against his underwear. I dropped to my knees and nibbled his hard prick through the thin fabric. When I tugged the briefs down, his gorgeous cock popped out as if on a spring. I swabbed the head with my tongue until it was slick with saliva. I then pushed down until it hit resistance at the back of my throat. I relaxed my muscles, allowing me to take the rest of his length. He groaned in pleasure.

"Damn, you're good at that."

"Just don't cum yet." As much as I wanted him to cum in my mouth. I wanted his thick cock in my asshole even more.

"Then you had better quit sucking it, and let's get naked."

I got up and led him to my bedroom. I was amused watching him walk with his pants around his ankles and his cock swaying, 

"Careful, old man. Don't break a hip."

"The only thing my hips will be doing is pumping my cock into your asshole!"

Once in the bedroom I helped him out of his clothes, and then slowly took off my own shirt and pants, leaving me in only the pair of frilly pink panties. 

"Good, you remembered. There's something about a boys ass in girly panties that makes me harder than steel. Grab some lube and come over here."

"You're not really into foreplay, are you?"

'I'm hard, what else do we need?"

I just handed him the jar and bent over on the bed. He slathered the jelly on his thick pole and jerked my panties down. I felt his finger roughly putting a glob of it around my sensitive asshole. I could feel the head of his cock probing for my opening. I shifted my position slightly to help align it. He found what he was looking for and the head popped in. It was definitely the biggest I had ever had. True to his word, Dick thrust his hips forward sending the greased up cock deep into me. 

"That's what I've been waiting for; some nice tight college boy's ass."

"Yes, yes, fuck me." He did.

His old cock was, as he said, hard as steel. But it was velvety at the same time. I was ecstatic. All too soon I heard his familiar grunts that told me he was getting close. I clenched down as hard as I could. That sent him over the top. He unloaded his hot cum deep in me.

"I don't usually pop that quick. It felt too good."

"Yeah. That wasn't bad. Maybe you might reconsider that whole foreplay thing. Dick, you have a great penis, but you need to work on your interpersonal skills. And you still owe me dinner."

"Whatever you say. Hey, I've got a thing, a party, next week. I'd like for you to come by and meet some of the fellows. I'm sure you will like them. You already know Barney."

"Why do I get the feeling I am the entertainment? I supposed I can make it. Let me know when and where, and I will be there."

He had finished dressing and was gone almost before I finished talking. If he didn't have such a nice piece of equipment, I wouldn't stick around.

Still naked, I flopped down on the bed. To get Dick (and dick) out of my head, I conjured up an image of the sales lady, Peggy. Specifically of her crawling on her hands and knees toward me. She is wearing a bra over her large tits. She has on a half slip with flesh colored hose. I then envisioned her naked, riding my hardness, screaming for more. Her tits are a nice size but saggy. She must have been a stunner when she was younger, well she still is nice to look at.

Her slightly plump body jiggles with my thrusts. I dreamed of throwing her back on the bed and mounting her. I was in need of release. I stroked myself with her image in mind. I came thinking of her mature pussy gripping my cock.

I got up and made sure I still had her number. I did. I put it in a safe place. You never know when it would be needed. 

******

Dicks party was at his house. It was located a short way out of the city limits. Privacy was not a problem. No neighbors anywhere close. 

I knocked on the front door. A very naked Barney opened the door. Though he was as skinny as I guessed he would be, he did have meaty cock. 

"Come in. Strip, and come out back to the pool."

"Hi, Barney. What's this party all about?"

"Just come out back."

Now naked, I made my way to the pool. Dick was by the pool, talking to a couple of guys. I recognized one as the counter guy from the gym. His body was muscular but not overly so. His dick was shorter than average but thick. Dick introduced him as Greg. 

The other fellow was Steve. Steve was tall and slender as was his semi-erect penis. Both men were in their mid-twenties. Both seemed to be comfortable under the circumstances. 

"Jonathan here, is a natural cocksucker. I dare say, better than old Barney."

Barney scowled at me.

"But you will have the chance to compare for yourselves."

I started to object, but didn't. This was getting out of hand. Dick was expecting me to service his guests. 

"Jon, it would appear that Steve needs some attention. Why don't you two get acquainted in the house? We will join you later."

I had to admit that I really wanted to try his long, thin cock. I let him lead me to the house. He took me to a large sofa covered with a bedsheet. He sat back on the sofa, his cock waving obscenely above his groin.

"Dick may be a 'dick,' but he is a good judge of cocksuckers. If he says you're good, that's high praise indeed! I've held up for a few days so the load will be worthy of your effort."

I don't know why, but I felt compelled to kiss him. I moved next to him, giving him a long passionate kiss on the lips. I then moved to his neck, his nipples and naval. His thin cock bumped my cheek. I wrapped my hand around it, feeling the steely hardness. I licked the had thoroughly getting it as slick as possible. When it was slippery wet, I engulfed it in my mouth for a second before letting it find its way deep in my throat. Steve gasped with pleasure.

"Damn, you are good. Where have you been to learn that trick? Oh...oh...OH."

I couldn't see him wet his index finger in his mouth, though I certainly felt is when her probed my asshole with it. When he inserted it I was the one moaning.

"Finish me with your mouth and I'll drill that tight little asshole later. I will be looking forward to it."

I reluctantly pulled my mouth off his cock. "I can't wait. I really want you to fuck me good."

"Oh, I will. Looks like we have company."

Dick, Greg and Barney were entering from the pool area. Greg sat at the other side of the sofa. Barney bent over and took his still flaccid cock into his mouth. Dick was hard and lined his cock up with Barney's exposed asshole. I turned my attention back to Steve. 

"I think I want to try your ass now. I can still finish in your mouth. Let's get a little privacy." 

He led me to what I would presume to be a guest room. It was furnished with a double bed and a nightstand with a jar of lube on it. Steve wasted little time in greasing up his penis. He moved me into position to mount me in the missionary position. This was new to me. He poked his dick under my balls and soon found his target. He was slow and gentle as he slid deep into my ass. Soon he was deeper than anyone had been before. This position stimulated my prostate. My own dick got so hard. 

He brought his face close to mine and we kissed over and over. I could get used to this guy. After several minutes of steady thrusting,Steve was ready to cum. He pulled out of my now gaping asshole. He put his cock to my open mouth and started shooting huge spurt after spurt of hot salty cum. As his hot cum landed on my tongue, my own cock twitched and unloaded its semen onto my belly. Steve scooped it up, feeding it to me a finger full at a time. He placed the last dollop on his tongue and then kissed me. He was by far the most sensual man I had been with.

The rest of the party was less fun, I avoided Dick, but while taking a dip in the pool, Greg swam up behind me. His hard-on poked me as guided me to the shallow end. He rammed my still tender ass. Thankfully he was a fast cummer. I did manage to blow Steve again, this time I sucked another load from his nice cock. We also exchanged phone numbers. and eventually he moved into my apartment. Shortly thereafter we both quit going to parties and having sex with anyone else. and after we broke up I stopped male/male altogether.
