 Author's Note: This is chapter 2 in an ongoing story about the characters Brett & Travis during their first year at college. More to come soon! 

*

A few weeks had passed since that night when Brett and Travis had jerked off together, er...separately, in the same bed, different bunk. They'd never talked about it. It was as if the alarm clock going off zapped them back to reality. It replaced that line between two seemingly straight guys that never should be crossed. Though one thing had changed since that night. The two began a fast friendship that made navigating the challenges of being away from home in such an unfriendly environment more bearable. They'd developed a ritual of hanging out whenever they could: taking meals together, skipping class to watch TV, staying up late to talk while laying in their bunks. To Brett it was heaven and he didn't want it to stop.

It was mid-afternoon and Brett should have been in Philosophy lecture. He'd already missed 8 out of 10 classes that week and he took that as an excuse to skip the lecture and stay parked on the couch watching Judge Judy. He lied to himself that his absences from class had little to do with the fact that Travis should be back to the dorm room shortly. While they hadn't spoken about their mutual JO session, it didn't mean that Brett hadn't thought about it - incessantly. Just as "Her Honor" was about to ream a defendant a new one, Travis came home. Brett's heart skipped a beat, as it always did when his new love came home. Travis greeted him with a warm smile. He was relieved to see his friend there. It was comforting to have one person you could count on while out here hundreds of miles from home. Brett knew why he was an outcast here. He looked like a punk and was a closeted gay dude. What he couldn't understand is why Travis didn't fit in either. By all accounts he should have been a big man on campus with his abundant good looks, Southern charm, and involvement in ROTC. Brett wasn't complaining though, he was glad that Travis chose to offer him so much attention.

"Judge Judy again?" Travis complained.

"There's nothing remotely good on at 2pm." Brett replied. "You just missed Days of Our Lives. It was a good one, John and Marlena..."

"Forget it," Travis said sharply. "I'm sick of watching TV every afternoon. Í've got a surprise," that wide grin that Brett had come to cherish spread across Travis's face. For the first time in days Brett felt excited. Travis reached down and pulled a small plastic bag from his sock. While Brett had gotten drunk plenty of times in high school, he'd never before tried drugs. However, he'd been around them enough to know that what Travis had in that little baggie was not oregano.

"Holy shit, where'd you get that?" Brett asked.

"From Rocky DeGeorge. That kid who lives upstairs and down the hall. It was the weirdest thing. I've barely said anything to the guy before, but I was standing outside the dining halls today just after lunch. Rocky came over and just started chatting me up. He asked if I'd ever smoked before and I told him that I used to back home but that I hadn't since I'd been here. He just gave me this bag and told me to have fun. He was going to try to give it up again and he'd rather someone get use out of it rather than flushing it."

Brett was amazed at how Travis's charm seemed to work on everyone -- even when he wasn't trying to be charming. He sat there motionless for a few seconds, eyeing the bag and realizing that there was definitely enough in there to get them high several times at least.

"So, I thought we could try something different this afternoon." Travis continued as he got up and walked into their bedroom. Brett instinctively followed without thinking much about it at all. He watched Travis roll two perfect joints in a matter of seconds with the kind of dexterity that a master craftsman would use to mold a vase from clay. Brett nearly gasped audibly as he saw Travis stick out his tongue and use his saliva to lick the tight little hand-packed beauties closed. Travis handed him one, opened the 4 narrow windows to their room, put a Bob Marley record on the turntable, and made his way toward the window bench with a smile. As he sat on the bench and looked out the window that overlooked a beautiful courtyard on this unseasonably warm fall day, he motioned to Brett to sit next to him on the bench. Travis sensed Brett's hesitation so he lit his joint, took a puff or two and passed it to him. Brett noticed a sense of joy come over his friend's face. He fought his conscience (and every after school special he'd ever watched) and took his first hit. He nearly choked. His throat and lungs felt like they were on fire. Travis just smiled. "It gets better," he said, "trust me."

Before long half of the bag of weed was gone. Brett was feeling more free and relaxed than he'd ever felt in his life. It felt better than any time he'd ever been drunk. Travis was feeling great too and they spent several hours that afternoon laughing uncontrollably, stealing snacks from their roommate Charlie's care package from home, and listening to some great music. They even tried their hand at scratching a few records, not very handily, but it sounded interesting enough that a few of the future engineers and investment bankers of America stopped in front of their bedroom windows from time to time and looked up to see what the heck was going on in Room #32.

Travis got up and rolled four more joints with the last of the weed. He opened his desk drawer and put 3 of them in there. He took the fourth to the window seat where Brett was sitting with his eyes closed listening to a sick Chemical Brothers beat. He opened his eyes as he felt Travis's muscular body press against his. His friend had slid next to him so closely that their legs were touching and he could feel the light dusting of Travis's forearm hair on the back of his neck as his buddy put his arm around him. Brett's dick instantly stirred and his eyes bolted open.

"Sorry dude, didn't mean to wake you," Travis giggled.

"No, it's cool, I'm cool. I was just not expecting it that's all."

"I've got another surprise." Travis looked serious. "Close your eyes and open your mouth." Brett thought he was going to pass out. His mind stirred with thoughts of Travis feeding him his perfect cock. Brett did as he was told. He felt the heat of Travis's body as he pressed closer to him and he felt his new friend's lips touch his own. His body shuddered in ecstasy. Then he felt the rush of warm pot smoke fill his mouth and lungs. Travis had put the lit end of the joint in his mouth and was blowing a huge load of intoxicating smoke down his gullet. The feeling of their lips touching, their legs touching, having Travis's arm around him, and his buddy's breath inside him made him more turned on than ever before. Travis pulled away and Brett held the breath in as long as he could before taking a long, slow exhale. Brett opened his eyes and stared right intro Travis's. The two held each other's gaze for a moment. Brett felt like he could see right into his friend's soul. Travis was the first to smile.

"You're so fuckin' high, dude!" Travis said and they both let out a hearty laugh. "Now you do me." The double meaning was not lost on Brett who desperately wanted to do Travis right here and now. But he knew what he meant. It was his turn to return the favor. Travis got up from the window seat and climbed up into his bunk. "C'mon up here. That hard wooden bench is a real pain in the ass." Brett climbed into Travis's bunk and did just as had been done to him. Travis moaned his approval as he took a lungful of Brett's breath filled with smoke. The two silently passed the joint back and forth repeating the ritual until the joint was gone, they were unbelievably high, and if Brett's cock was any indication -- incredibly turned on.

Travis stretched out on his bed and signaled Brett to position himself next to him. He used the stereo remote control to change the CD and put on a surprisingly mellow Sarah McLachlan CD. They'd listened to Reggae, Punk, and Rock all afternoon. Brett wondered if his friend really was gay. He'd never known a straight guy to act like this before. "I used to love to get high in my treehouse back home and then listen to this CD before bed." Travis said. Brett wasn't sure if he should make a move or say something, but he just closed his eyes and started listening to the music. Before long he felt Travis put an arm around his waist and pull him a little tighter toward him. With his heart soaring and his mind whirling, he fell into a love and pot induced sleep with his new best friend so close that he could feel his breath on the back of his neck. He'd never rested so soundly.

***********

Neither Brett nor Travis did very well that first semester at Princeton. I guess lots of freshmen don't excel at school right away, but they took underachieving to new heights. Neither of them attended at least 50% of their classes each week and while they did hand in their assignments, they usually took the least amount of time possible to complete them. Instead they spent a good deal of their time enjoying their new favorite pastime: each other. Travis was probably slightly more conscientious about his studies, but even he had dropped ROTC (after a huge fight with his dad) before Halloween. He told his parents that it, "Wasn't him," but in actuality waking up at sunrise didn't fit with his growing friendship and new lifestyle with Brett. As they became more "night owls", napping most of the day (sometimes in bed together) and partying all night, they even found that they were part of a small but noticeable sub-culture at Princeton of potsmokers, artists, freaks, and nonconformists who frequented the 24-hour convenience store and late dining hall seatings at 10pm. While they started to find some new acquaintances among this group, their bond with each other continued to grow ever stronger.

"There's something I've been wanting to ask you." Travis said as they sat together on a small park bench sucking down milkshakes from the local ice cream shop. This would be their dinner as they'd slept through dining hall dinner again. Brett searched his friend's face and could tell that something was weighing on him. He didn't know what to expect, but he wanted to put his friend at ease. "OK, shoot," he replied nonchalantly.

"Let's go away together," Travis blurted out 

"Are you kidding? Where? With what money?" Brett, always the cynic, had to counter with a negative response while silently his heart was leaping in his chest.

Slightly deflated, Travis continued, "Rocky DeGeorge said I could borrow his car this weekend. I thought maybe you'd want to come home to Virginia with me. I really miss home and I'd love for you to see where I grew up."

He'd really thought this through. Brett wondered if he'd been planning it all along. "OK, sure, I'd love to. I wouldn't miss it for the world." They smiled and swapped milkshakes and sucked the rest down.

That next morning they left bright and early for Virginia. Travis drove the whole way and Brett had never seen him more happy. At Princeton he was still charming and friendly to most everyone he met, but Brett, who knew him best, detected that Travis was at times a bit sullen and withdrawn. From the moment their car pulled out past the guard booth and off the campus, Travis seemed like a new person. If it was possible for Brett to love him even more, he did now. They sang along to songs on the radio and passed the 5 hour drive with a considerable amount of laughter and telling stories. Travis told Brett all about his family, his friends, and how much he loved the small town where he'd grown up.

By the time they arrived at his modest, yet well cared for home in the center of that small rural Virginia town, Travis was the best possible version of himself. He even looked more handsome and attractive than ever. His eyes sparkled and danced with a new life and happiness. Brett was nervous to meet Travis's family but they were all very kind to him. Travis was the youngest of 7 and while none of his siblings lived at home anymore several came to their parents' home that night to see their baby brother and meet his new friend. Also, a few of his high school friends that were now in their senior year stopped into the house to visit with Travis and hear stories about that far away Ivy League fortress in the big scary North. Brett could see why Travis so longed for home, and it finally made sense why he felt like such an outsider at Princeton. He had so much love and support here that being anywhere else in the world would feel somehow wrong by comparison. Brett also learned that his family was much more conservative than his own and that they were religious as well. He'd never been to a home where they actually said grace before the meal. He thought that was just for television families. After dinner the family all started to disperse either to their respective homes or to bed. Travis's mom showed Brett to the guest room downstairs in the basement off of the family room. Brett had just removed his jeans and t-shirt and was standing in the room in just his boxers when he heard the door open. It was Travis. He stood in the doorway in just a towel, clearly having just showered before bed, still glistening wet and well defined by the soft moonlight that filled the room. Brett's eyes immediately went right to the hint of a bulge between Travis's legs.

"Shower's free." Travis said.

"Thanks, but I think I'll just shower in the morning."

"You tired?" Travis asked. Brett noticed there was a different tone in his friend's voice he'd never heard before. Or at least not since that night they'd jerked off together in their bunks. His words were coming quick, like he was desperate, or scared, or both.

"Kinda. I was just gonna read a bit before bed."

"Oh," Travis looked visibly upset.

"But if you wanna hang out for a bit, that's always cool too." Brett added. He was terrified of what would happen next, but even more terrified that Travis would leave.

Travis stepped inside the room, shut and locked the door, and stepped closer to Brett. They were so close that they could hear each other's hearts beating.

"I wanted to thank you for coming here to visit my family. It means so much to me," he paused, "You mean so much to me."

Brett was going to pass out, "You too," he countered, stunned.

"C'mere," Travis whispered. As Brett took a step closer, Travis put one hand around his waist and the other on his cheek as he pressed their lips together. Brett had never kissed another man before, and it felt amazing. Travis's lips were softer than he'd expected. They both parted their lips and they started to explore each other's mouths with their tongues. Travis was a surprisingly gentle and passionate kisser, taking his time to tease Brett's lips and tongue with his own. As their kissing continued, they pulled each other into a tight embrace. It was as if they were trying to climb each other, letting their hands explore each other's strong muscular backs and firm asses. Travis started to moan as he started to grind his hips into Brett's. Brett was already rock hard and leaking pre-cum at this point, but now he could feel Travis's hard cock pressed against his. Both of their dicks begged to be released from their coverings. Gravity took care of Travis's towel as its grip loosened and on one of his thrusts the towel fell to the floor. Brett didn't break contact with Travis's lips but he looked down to see Travis's rock hard meat, also about 7" and cut pointing yearningly toward him. It was the most beautiful sight he'd ever seen. The head was not quite as big as his own, but it was perfectly proportioned and Brett not only longed to play with it, but to bring Travis abundant pleasure. Travis slid his hands slowly down the furry front of Brett's body and hooked his fingers on the waistband of his boxers. Travis patiently whispered, "Can I?" to which Brett begged, "Oh yes..." Travis slowly lowered Brett's boxers to the floor releasing his aching cock. They brought their mouths together again and hungrily explored each other until they were both moaning with delight now completely naked.

"Ssshhh..." Travis whispered, "We gotta be quiet. Parents upstairs."

"OK," Brett answered.

Travis lifted the mattress to the guest bed where Brett was to be staying and pulled out a small bottle of lube from between the mattress and the box spring. "They sell that here in Virginia?" Brett joked. "You'd be surprised what they do in Virginia," Travis replied as he squeezed a palmful of lube out of the bottle. "Remember, we've gotta be quiet," Travis begged. "Got it," Brett obediently replied.

Travis again pulled Brett toward him and embraced him with one arm as their tongues met. This time, Travis let his other hand travel down between their aching cocks. He grabbed both of their rods together in one hand and started to slowly cover them with the lube he'd just deposited there. Brett's entire body shuddered with pleasure. He'd worked over his own meat before, but it had never felt like this. Travis's hand felt so warm and his strokes were so loving and tender that he started to moan his desire. "Quiet," Travis whispered. Once their cocks were sufficiently lubed, Travis pointed both of their rods upward, pulled Brett closer to him than ever before and began grinding into him with a loving tenderness and strength. As they stood there, pressed together, Brett could feel Travis's strong powerful legs holding them up and loved the feeling of closeness between them. Their dicks were equally sized so they could rub the undersides of their cocks together and feel each other's hardness along the entire length of the shaft. The tender, sensitive area just below the heads of their dicks pressed right against each other and their pleasure multiplied with each long stroke. It was as if their dicks were made for each other and for this moment. Both Travis and Brett were breathing hard but trying desperately to stay quiet. The pleasure was amazing and trying to keep quiet was nearly impossible. Occassionally one of them would utter the smallest moan, but the sound would get muffled in the other's mouth. They were both getting close. Brett had never cum without touching his own dick before and he felt lightheaded as this newfound ecstasy enveloped his body. His knees started to buckle, and just then Travis leaned him up against the bedroom wall and continued to fuck their cocks together with such intensity that they both started to feel their balls twitch, their rods stiffen and their breath become short and quick.

"I'm gonna cum," they both whispered almost in unison as their pleasure became too much to hold back any longer. Their cocks pulsed what felt like endless streams of cum all over their panting chests and stomachs. They continued writhing and grinding and kissing until their cum and sweat formed a paste that glued their bodies together. The room fell silent. They just held each other there, unable to move, caught up in the excitement and fear of what had just happened.

Travis was the first to break their embrace, and it was made harder to do so because of the aforementioned cum paste.

"Ouch," he teased as he slowly stepped away from his love, flashing a smile that Brett could just make out in the dim moonlight that filled the room. "Just gonna check to see if the coast is clear." Travis picked up the towel, wrapped it around his waist, unlocked the door, and stepped out into the hall. Brett stood there motionless, and hopelessly in love. He stood there naked for what seemed like forever, but was probably just a couple of minutes. He started to feel overwhelmd by all that had just happened. Did this mean they'd be boyfriends? Was Travis gay too? Did Travis know he was gay? What would happen when they got back to school? When the thoughts in his head started to really take over, just then Travis returned with two small cups of ice cream and two spoons. "No one's up," he said as he locked the door again, sat down on the bed and handed Brett one of the ice cream cups. They sat there in silence eating ice cream and Travis started to sense that maybe he'd taken things too far with Brett or that perhaps his friend wasn't quite ready to handle what had just happened.
