 I don't know what was in that oil, but my ass was in orgasmic turmoil. As I moved around and did the rest of the business that I had to do, I could hardly walk without spikes of pleasure shooting from a point deep in my butt and spreading throughout my whole body. At that time I didn't know prostates could give a man pleasure. All I knew was that could hardly sit or walk without being on the point of coming.

I called Michael on his cell phone. I couldn't help it.

"Hello,"

"WHAT WAS IN THAT OIL YOU PUT IN ME?" I yelled.

"Robert.....Is that you?" (I could tell that he was smiling).

"WHAT IS IT?"

"It's a gift that I got from a friend while traveling overseas. The oil supposes to make the prostrate sensitive. It also makes your ass more relaxed so that what I'm going to do to you tonight will be more pleasurable for you....and me. That is why I DON'T want you to wash it out."

"All I know is that I am HORNY AS HELL, I can't take it any more," I moaned.

"If you want to, you can come on over now to my place. We can start the fun a little bit early. Derek doesn't know that you are coming. It's going to surprise him like hell to see you here. He's going to want to fuck you too. You think that you're up to taking two big cocks tonight? Wait... Wait don't answer that question, just come on over and we'll just go with the flow alright. Oh, to make it easier on you and me- just wear a trench coat and nothing else. Bring your change of clothes over in a bag. No one will see you. I'll make sure of that."

After hanging up the phone, I prepared to leave. I was a mix of emotions. From straight horniness to nervousness- I was feeling them ALL.

When the door of his house swung open, all I could do was stand there with my mouth gaped wide open. Michael was standing at the door BUTT NAKED with that fat cock of his pointing straight at the ceiling. His hard muscles were moving under that soft chocolate skin like tightly controlled waves. I thought that I had died and went to heaven. "Well, are you just going to stand there gawking or are you going to come in," he said. As I turned from closing the door, Michael pounced on me. He started kissing me, quickly peeling my trench coat off. This man has a pair of magic lips on him!! The more he kissed, the more my libido rose. His caressing hands found their way to my ass. He parted my cheeks and started going deep in my butt with those thick fingers of his. As he stretched my ass, his fingers found and slowly massaged my swollen prostate. I let out a gasp and clutched at him, backing my ass on his fingers. "Feels good doesn't it?" he asked. I could only nod as he increased the massaging. Kissing his way downwards, he stopped at my leaking manhood. "Magnificent," he breathed. He took just the head of my dick in his mouth and gently suckled on it, diving his tongue in the slit.

"Michael..." 

"Hmmm?" 

"IF you keep this up, I'm gonna come."

"That's what I want you to do."

Taking his fingers and stiffening them, he thrusted deep in me, at the same time taking my cock deep into his throat swallowing. The sweltering heat from his mouth was too much for me. Howling like a wolf in heat, my cum exploded into his throat. He swallowed several times as I quickly filled his mouth almost to overflowing. After blowing my load like that, I crumpled over. If it had not been for Michael, I would have fallen to the floor. He easily carried me up to his bedroom. Lying me down, he crawled on top and resumed his kissing session. To my surprise, my dick was still hard. As we kissed, he humped his black meat up against mine. Taking over for a change, I pushed him on his back. I dived for his cock. Taking it into my hands, I slowly stroked it, trying to get my thumb to meet my other finger with no success. Looking Michael in his eyes, I lowered my head down and took his cock into my mouth half way. I slowly bobbed my head sucking as I brought my head up. Michael closed his eyes and leaned back sighing. The taste of his cock was GOOD. Every now and then Michael would buck his hips spurting copious amounts of precum into my mouth. Taking a deep breath, I took all of his ten inches into my mouth swallowing until the head pushed into the back of my throat. 

"AHHHHHHH, that feels so good, he moaned. You're not even choking." 

I continued sucking and deepthroating until he stopped me by grabbing my head and pulling his cock out of my mouth. His cock came out with a pop. 

"I think that its time for me too show you how me and Derek fuck."

He took me and laid me on my back, lifting and splaying my legs. Lining his lubed dick up with my asshole, he pushed until the head popped in. I let out a little groan rippling my ass muscles. HE quickly grabbed my waist letting out an anguished moan. 

"Don't move too much, he hissed. I might lose control and shove....that will be bad for you at this point."

Bit by bit, during the next five minutes, he slowly worked his fuck pole in and out until he was in all the way to the hilt. I cannot describe the pleasure that I was feeling. For me, there was just a little discomfort and NO pain......Thank goodness. When he saw that he was all the way in, he smiled at me before fucking in and out of me in a slow and laggard pace. This man had SO much control. He kept on fucking me in that slow pace without speeding up for a straight 20 minutes. At the start, he probed until he found my prostate. I let out a yelp letting him know that he had found it. From then on, he concentrated on that spot- pushing into that swollen nodule every time he could. The result was that my dick kept up this constant flow of precum sap. The steamy silence was punctuated by our gratuitous groans.

Then we heard the front door of the house open and close. Having keys to open the front door, Derek had let himself in. DEREK!!! I had forgotten about him!

"MICHAEL....Michael..... Where are you?"

"I'm in the bedroom; I got your surprise in here...HURRY UP," He shouted.

In the time it took Derek to get to the bedroom, I and Michael had changed positions. Michael was now sitting on the edge of the bed facing the door. With my back to Michael, I slid his thickness back into my ass riding him like the stallion he was. Both of us were facing the door. This was the sight that met Derek's eyes when he came into the bedroom. Michael had encased me in his arms again, nuzzling and kissing my ears. My dick was hard as a brick, pointing at the ceiling. The head had turned dark purple and shiny. With each downward thrust of my hips onto Michael's cock, a spurt of precum would well up and dribble down the sides of my shaft and drip from my tightened balls to the floor.

"Robert....Is that YOU?" Derek queried.

"Yes...Yes, It's...it's.....it's me," I stammered.

"So...do you like your surprise?" Michael asked.

"DO I...."

In seconds, Derek was out of his clothes and diving for my dick. He was about to suck it when Michael stopped him.

"Wait...Wait....Wait...he yelled. I want to show you something." 

And with that Michael grabbed my hips. He took control and began thrusting up into me like an enraged bull. Up until that point, I had some hold on reality, but when Michael started to thrust, I LOST IT!!! Derek didn't make it any better. He stood up and started pinching my nipples in his hands. That did it!!! Michael took one last deep thrust into me and came. I felt his thick cum splashing into my guts, coating my insides. This sent me over the edge. I screamed as tremendous spurts of cum shot out of my cock. The first spurt was shot with such force that it arced over my shoulders and hit Michael on his face. The rest splattered all over my chest and stomach. The last few dribbled down the sides of my cock.

Derek- who had stepped back to see me ejaculate, walked up and slowly licked my cum off of my body. He even licked my come off of Michael's face. They shared a kiss. 

"NOW its my turn," he almost shouted.

He made me get on the bed, on my hands and knees. Grabbing my hips, Derek mounted me from behind and rammed his dick into me. He fucked me like maniac. Michael climbed to the head of the bed and dipped my head so that his cock slipped into my mouth. We stayed in this position for another 20 minutes. I thought that I didn't have a drop more to shoot. But when Derek blasted his load into me, my balls tightened again and I spurted a second load all over the bed sheets. Thirdly, Michael grabbed my head and fucked my mouth rapidly. As I stroked his nipples, He stiffened and shot his seed into my mouth. I swallowed every drop. The taste was GREAT!!! Finally exhausted, I crawled onto Michael's chest and went to sleep. This is one night that I would not soon forget.