 No one had expected a blizzard that night. The forecast called only for light snow, no big deal in my hometown, so everyone continued with their planned activities.

I'd gone over to my friend Jerry's house. Jerry and I room together at the state university, but we still spend a lot of time together when we return to our hometown during college breaks.

Jerry's older brother Tony was also home from college. Tony is slightly taller than Jerry and more athletic. Tony had lettered in several sports in high school and was attending college on a full athletic scholarship, while Jerry was able to snare a few math/science scholarships.

Jerry is closer to me in height. Neither he nor I are involved in team sports, but we easily met high school PE requirements and we don't look like duds in the shower.

Tony has the handsome "square face" that central casting looks for in an actor playing "the boy next door"; Jerry is more average-looking with somewhat of a moon-shaped face and a broader forehead than his older brother.

Jerry and Tony do share one common trait: both have nice protruding "bubble butts" that cause even the straightest man to cast a lustful glance at the back of their pants as they walk through town or across campus.

When I arrived at Jerry's, I was slightly disappointed to learn that Tony's friend Eddie was also there. Eddie's name is actually Kenneth, but everyone in our high school nicknamed him Eddie because he not only talks and acts like Eddie Haskell on that saccharin old sitcom we used to watch on TV after school, he also resembles the actor who played Eddie Haskell - even down to his short curly sandy hair.

Tony and Jerry's mom and dad were out for the evening, having dinner with the boss. And whenever the brothers talked about "the boss," I knew they meant their father's boss - unlike most families in our town, their mother's primary occupation remained housekeeper in her own household.

Our hint that the weatherman had underestimated the amount of snow came shortly before 9, when Jerry and Tony's parents phoned to say they'd be spending the night at the boss's house because the snow was coming in too thick and fast to risk even driving a couple of miles. They suggested Eddie and I also not try to drive home but stay the night in the guest room.

When Tony mentioned my sharing the king bed in the guest room with Eddie, Jerry rolled his eyes and I played along with a "well, if I have to" attitude, but secretly I was looking forward to rooming with Eddie. I might finally get to see that "humongous cock" he bragged about and maybe seduce him into accepting a blowjob. (I know guys like Eddie don't get as much action as they claim they do.)

Tony threw a wrench into my hope that Eddie and I might have to sleep in the buff by finding spare pairs of pajamas for us. Eddie went into the guest bathroom to put on his, while I put on mine in the bedroom - taking my sweet time, in case I had an opportunity to flash Eddie and give him a look at my cock and ass.

But Eddie spent so much time putting on his pajamas that I lay down on the king bed and dozed off before he came out.

I was startled awake by feeling something meaty and slightly clammy trace the outline of my lips.

I opened my eyes and saw Eddie's cock dangling over my mouth. He was only wearing a pajama top, with nothing on below his waist, and he was smiling that smart-alec smirk he wore when he thought he'd played an outstanding practical joke.

"Very funny," I said, trying to sound disgusted. Eddie climbed off the bed and didn't notice me flicking my tongue around my lips to capture any traces of pre-cum his cock might have left.

Eddie walked over to a padded end chair, giving me a view of his compact but round and muscular buns. I formulated a new plan and, as he sat down, I slid over on my back until my head was almost off the side of the bed.

"You shouldn't sit in that chair without a towel underneath you," I said accusingly.

Eddie appeared momentarily taken aback by my pointing out the hazard of his bare butt on the upholstery. But he recovered and, in his usual superior tone, responded "Oh yeah? I'll have you know that my ass crack is as fresh as if I'd just gotten off a bidet."

"Oh yeah?" I replied. "Prove it."

Eddie was once again caught off guard, and his self-confident smirk briefly vanished from his face.

The smirk soon returned as he recovered with "maybe I should come over there and sit on your face to prove it."

"Yeah," I countered, "maybe you should."

Eddie and I stared at each other for a minute without speaking. I felt my cock beginning to get erect and I noticed Eddie's dangling dick was beginning to straighten out too.

"OK," Eddie finally said as he got up from the chair and moved over beside the bed, "you asked for it."

Eddie stood with his left leg on the floor and balanced his right knee on the mattress as he positioned his bare buns over my face.

As I nestled my face between his dimpled round mounds. I confirmed that Eddie was right: his crack could have just been hit by a lengthy stream from a bidet. I extended my tongue and began caressing his tight hole.

I don't know if it was his first rim job, but Eddie's moans of pleasure indicated he was getting into it. He noticed the tent in front of my pajama bottoms and murmured, "You're enjoying this as much as I am, aren't you. Keep that up, dude."

Eddie reached through the fly of my pajamas and freed my hard cock. He slowly jacked my dick with his right hand as his left hand began rubbing his own erection. I continued my steady tongue action in his ass.

Eddie stopped jacking my cock, which actually pleased me because I never last long when a hot guy's ass is on my face and I didn't want to shoot my first load of the night too quickly.

Eddie continued masturbating his own cock but stuck his other hand farther down my pajamas. He stuck his hand inside my crack and used his forefinger to test the tightness of my virgin hole.

I reveled in the thrill of an ass over my face and a finger probing my hole, and Eddie was lost in the sensation of my tongue on his butt. But our pleasure was interrupted by the sound of something hitting the bedroom door.

Eddie turned his head and noticed the door was slightly ajar. He climbed off me, ran over and grabbed the knob, and flung it open.

Jerry stood sheepishly in the doorway, the bottom of his pajamas down around his ankles and his cock sticking straight out.

"What's this, junior?" Eddie asked accusingly. "You enjoying the show?"

Jerry, still flustered, could only nod in the affirmative.

"Well, come on in," Eddie invited as he moved back over to the bed. "You can take my place while I give your friend the fuck he obviously wants."

During this exchange I'd gotten out of my pajamas, Eddie unbuttoned and pulled off his pajama top, and Jerry had stepped out of his pajama bottoms and pulled off his top. I still lay face up, but moved more perpendicular across the bed, the back of my head still against the side of the mattress.

"Sit your ass down on the face of your friend here," Eddie commanded Jerry. "If my tiny ass turns him on, he should really get a charge from coming close to those round balloons of yours."

I extended my tongue and ran it back and forth along my lips to let Jerry know that what Eddie said was true.

Jerry appeared to hesitate, but his rigid erection signaled that he found the idea appealing. He moved over to the side of the bed and adopted the same stance Eddie had used as he positioned his bubble butt over my face.

I eagerly began lapping between Jerry's round cheeks while Eddie climbed on the other side of the bed and resumed probing my asshole with his fingers.

Eddie stopped fingering my ass, and from the motion on his side of the mattress I sensed he was rubbing some sort of lubricant on his stiff cock.

I bent my knees and spread my legs to make Eddie's entry easier. Soon I felt something against my hole - something stiffer and larger around than Eddie's fingers.

Eddie began slowly pushing his steel rod of a cock in my ass. The excitement of losing my cherry to Eddie caused me to thrust my tongue faster and deeper into Jerry's ass. Jerry seemed to be mesmerized by the entire show.

Unlike his insensitive persona, Eddie showed remarkable consideration in introducing a guy to fucking. After slowly pushing his long cock up my butt, he remained motionless for a minute to let me adjust to its presence. Then he began gently thrusting, gradually picking up the pace until I heard (and felt) the "smack smack smack" of his balls hitting my ass.

I continued rimming Jerry while Jerry maintained his fixation on what Eddie was doing to my ass. Eddie gave a few more quick thrusts, then without exclamation yanked his cock out of my hole, stood up on the mattress so that his cock was even with Jerry's mouth, and sprayed Jerry's face with an enormous amount of cum.

Jerry relaxed, pressing his ass more firmly onto my face. His arms moved as he wiped Eddie's spunk onto his fingers and then stuck his fingers into his mouth to slurp off the treasured cream.

After transferring much of Eddie's jizz into his mouth, Jerry climbed off me and joined Eddie at the sink in the bathroom for a wash-up.

"Gee, Eddie, you're one hot fucker. Watching that made me want to feel a dick up my ass," Jerry confessed.

"Well, junior, give me some time to recharge and I'll give you a thrill, too," Eddie offered.

"Yeah, I'd like to feel your cock up my ass sometime," Jerry said. "But the first cock I want in my ass is..."

"Who?" Eddie quizzically asked. "Come on, squirt, spit it out."

"Tony," Jerry admitted.

"Your brother?" Eddie responded. "Why, you little incestuous perv! But I think there's a way we might be able to tempt that little bastard."

"Really?" Jerry excitedly said.

"Yeah," Eddie replied. "When does he get in the shower?"

"Should be about now," Jerry said.

"OK, let's head down to your bathroom to see if he is, and if so..." Eddie's voice trailed off as the three of us hurried down the hall to the brothers' bedroom.

Jerry cautiously opened the bedroom door, and we heard the sound of the shower running in the adjacent bathroom.

"OK," Eddie began, as it suddenly dawned on all three of us that if the plan didn't work Tony would be asking some tough questions about why we were roaming around the house nude.

Eddie pulled the chair out from the desk Jerry and Tony had used to do homework and positioned it directly opposite and facing the closed bathroom door. 

Eddie sat down and spread his legs, letting his long cock and balls dangle against the seat.

"OK, start sucking, junior," Eddie commanded Jerry. "But not on your knees. Bend over at the waist and give Tony a tempting view of that crack splitting your bubble butt."

The sound of the shower stopped, so Jerry realized his brother would soon be opening the bathroom door. Jerry bent over at the waist, positioning his ass so that his brother would get a good view of it when he opened the door. Jerry picked up Eddie's now semi-flaccid cock with his fingers, inserted it into his mouth and began sucking.

The knob on the bathroom door turned and the door swung open. Tony walked into the bedroom, his eyes closed as he rubbed his wet hair with a towel. He hadn't bothered to put a towel around his waist, and his long flaccid cock swung like a pendulum as he crossed the door sill between the bathroom and the bedroom.

Tony stopped drying his hair and opened his eyes.

"WHAT THE..." Tony exclaimed as he caught sight of his brother giving a blowjob to his best friend, and the more shocking (yet strangely inviting) view of his younger brother's ass crack. Tony had occasionally thought of his brother in a sexual way, but up until now had he'd never seriously considered using Jerry to relieve his "blue balls."

"Welcome to the party, Clyde," Eddie nonchalantly addressed Tony as Jerry maintained a steady suction on his manhood. "We just shot off a lot of [Eddie paused for impact] *fireworks* in the guest room and thought it would be inconsiderate to leave you out of the fun."

"Hell, Eddie, what do you think you're doing," Tony started to protest, though he made no move to turn away and his growing erection belied his show of disgust at what he was witnessing.

"Easy, guy," Eddie admonished. "We just realized that it was more fun when everyone got in on the action. And your brother Jerry revealed that his main fantasy is one many a younger sibling has about his older brother."

Jerry stopped sucking Eddie's dick but remained bent at the waist as he turned his head sideways to look at Tony. "Yeah, bro, you need a massive orgasm, and I want to feel your jism shooting up my ass. It's a win-win," Jerry pleaded while slightly moving his butt from side to side.

While that was transpiring, I knelt behind Tony and stuck my tongue in the base of his ass crack. Tony's attempts at protest were nullified by the stiff erection resulting from the rimming he was receiving and the prospect of relieving his pent-up orgasm inside his younger brother.

Sensing that Tony had largely been won over, Eddie threw across a tube of lubricant and yelled for me to catch it. I squeezed some into my hand and resumed rimming Tony's ass while giving him a reach-around to spread the lubricant on his erect pole.

Tony began walking forward, his stiff erection pointing at his younger brother's butthole. Once he was standing directly behind Jerry, Tony paused and rubbed the tip of his erect dick up and down inside his brother's ass crack. Jerry visibly shuddered in anticipation of feeling his older brother's manhood invade his asshole.

Tony pressed the head of his dick against Jerry's hole and, with one thrust, shoved most of his cock up his brother's butt. Jerry threw his head back in ecstasy and then leaned forward and resumed sucking Eddie's cock. I knelt behind Tony and resumed rimming his ass.

Tony began faster thrusting of his cock in and out of his brother's butthole, while Jerry sped up the rhythm of his mouth's suction on Eddie's dick. As Tony's fucking became more forceful, his ass pressed harder against my face with each reverse movement of his hips.

Tony began slamming Jerry's ass harder, and Eddie grew more excited as he realized his friend was close to dumping a load of incestuous cum up his younger brother's ass.

Tony gave one final thrust and stopped moving, but yelled something indecipherable as he unloaded a gigantic amount of cum inside Jerry's ass. At the same time, Eddie's excitement generated another large batch of cum that poured into Jerry's mouth.

Tony paused, then pulled his softening cock out of his brother and sat on the edge of the bed. I rushed over to Jerry and stuck my tongue against his no-longer-virgin hole to felch out as much of Tony's cum as I could suck.

"Well, that takes care of the older guys," Eddie announced, correctly discerning that both Jerry and I had yet to cum.

Eddie motioned for me to lie down on Jerry's bed, then instructed Jerry to sit on my face. "Have fun, guys," he ordered.

I began tonguing Jerry's asshole. Jerry's bubble butt on my face made my cock rock hard and sped up the production of cum in my balls. Jerry leaned over and began sucking on my dick while he jerked his own erect cock.

Rimming Jerry's bubble butt was bringing me to a quick climax, while all the ass play he'd experienced was leading up to one hell of an orgasm.

Just as my cum began spurting into Jerry's mouth, Jerry lifted his ass off my face and moved his cock over my lips. I quickly opened my mouth to catch most of his jism, but his spurting cock gyrated so wildly I ended up with a generous facial.