 Bob met me for drinks a few nights after he fucked me.

It was a date. I actually went on a date with another man.

Annette had gone out with the girls, and had planned to stay overnight. It was the perfect time to explore just what I'd gotten into with my private investigator.

He'd brought me some damning pictures of my wife and what looked like her entire law firm and half the male population of our town, and it didn't go the way I thought it would. In fact, shown indisputable evidence that she was a complete whore cheating on me in public, risking our livelihood and the reputation of our family, I did something even worse.

I sucked Bob's cock. And then I let Bob fuck me.

Now I don't know which end is up, literally or figuratively.

I'd agreed to meet Bob at his office a week after he'd shown me the photos of Annette at the river park. And he'd told me straight up what was going to happen.

We'd both hoped to catch Annette there with her gangbangers again, and the prospects of that made me anxious and more than a little afraid of what I was agreeing too. Oh, and then there was the comment from Bob that he was going to fuck me while I watched my wife getting fucked.

I knocked on his office door but there was no answer. Then my cellphone rang.

"I'm in the car," the voice said. "Let's go. I've already been out to the park. They're there."

I was stunned. My heart was racing, and I didn't know why. The previous Monday, I'd sat in Bob's office looking at photographs of my wife having a train pulled on her in broad daylight, and I was so turned on by it I sucked my detective's cock right there in his office.

Now I was riding to the scene itself, knowing that my wife was likely going to be there surrounded by a group of men fucking her, jacking off on her and basically humiliating her for the whole town to see.

And I was headed for a butt-fucking by a man sitting next to me smelling like cologne. I was a little sickened by the smell, and a lot excited about what was happening and completely disgusted that my life was spiraling into what was certainly going to be an absolute disaster.

And yet I was there, my cock swelling at the memory of sucking Bob's dick and wondering how in the hell it was going to fit in my asshole.

"Open that glove compartment," Bob said, waking me from my trance.

I did as I was told. A bottle of KY lotion fell out.

"Reach in there and grab that condom," he said.

My God, I thought. This is happening.

We drove into the park and retraced our steps from the previous week, slowly coming over the rise on the path and stopping off behind a grove of trees a few yards off the trail.

He had me a pair of binoculars, and I was focusing them when I felt Bob unbuckling my pants. I sucked in air and held my breath as he pulled down my pants, then my boxers and began sucking my cock.

It was overwhelming. He sucked me long and deep, wet and sloppy, making noises I'd never heard before. Bob was devouring my cock.

"Talk dirty to me," he said, a role-reversal from a week ago when he suggested I was going to be his sub. "Call me names."

I never took my eyes out of the binoculars. Annette was indeed taking on a group of men one at a time. They were more rambunctious than the week before. A couple of the men were stroking each other. One was one his knees sucking Samuel, the senior partner of the firm where Annette worked.

And Bob was sucking me.

"Suck me," I whispered. "Suck me baby."

He moaned and slid a finger underneath my balls.

"Mmmmmmmm," I said quietly.

I heard the KY bottle open, and I felt his finger slide farther under me. I spread my legs apart, and Bob slid his finger into my ass. It was the most incredible feeling I've ever experienced.

"Yes," I said, feeling it go deeper and deeper in me. "Fuck me. That is so fucking hot."

I started to cum just as he slid out his finger and jammed his thumb inside me.

I gasped.

"God yes," I said out loud. "Fuck me harder."

I came in torrents, spraying cum in his mouth as he moaned and swallowed every drop, squeezing my cock with one hand, thumb-fucking my ass with his other hand.

And still I watched Annette.

"Get down," I heard Bob say. 

He was back. No longer the feminine little slut sucking my cock but the strong, masculine dom who wanted my virgin ass for himself.

I dropped to my knees as I heard him rip open the condom. I tensed as I heard him slip it over his cock. Suddenly, he pushed me hard to the ground. The binoculars slammed into a tree and my face hit a soft pile of leaves and dirt.

I felt him grab my hips and pull them toward him, pushing my legs apart at the knees, feeling what seemed like an entire bottle of KY pour onto my ass crack, dripping under me and running down my legs.

Bob's cock pushed against my ass, slowly opening it but not going in.

"Relax baby," he cooed. "Daddy won't hurt you."

That was a lie.

His cock finally pierced me hole, sliding a little and then a lot. I muffled a scream. This was no finger. This was no thumb. This was seven and a half inches of thick cock, Daddy's cock inching into me. I yelped again as he pushed it in deeper.

"God," I screamed through my teeth. "That hurts like hell!"

He slapped me so hard on my ass I lost my breath for a second. It wasn't a spank. He hit me hard, the did it again on the other ass cheek. Then again and again, the pain stinging me as I writhed and recoiled and tears came to my eyes.

But incredibly, it took my mind completely off of what was happening between the slaps. Bob's big cock was all the way in me. Sliding in deep, feeling it hit me far inside, feeling the veins and the big mushroom head slide easily against the walls of my insides, a feeling unlike anything I'd ever experienced, like I was being masturbated internally.

I pushed back against him. I wanted more. I wanted it deeper.

"Fuck me," I said, oblivious to my surroundings, totally forgetting my wife was less than a hundred yards away getting gangbanged by scores of men, strangers from God knows where. "Fuck me Daddy!"

Bob came inside me in white, hot spurts. I felt the cum inside me, warm and oozing into crevices deep within me, filling me with cum and fucking me harder and harder. I was oozing liquid from God knows where, sloppy sounding, intoxicating and foul at the same time, the smell overwhelming, the sound so primal and sexual I felt an orgasm well up inside me.

He fucked me for several minutes, and all I heard were the noises coming from my ass. I didn't hear the noises coming from the trail directly behind us.

Eventually, I collapsed in the dirt and the leaves. Bob stood behind me and peed in the bushes.

"Get up," he finally said. "They're gone"

I was immediately horrified.

"Where did they go?" I asked. "Did they come back down the trail?"

"Every damn one of them," Bob said. "Like a damn fag parade. They all asked if they could be next. Everyone except your slut wife. She was passed out."

I pulled up my pants and wiped my face.

"Take me to my car," I said.

"We should probably..."

"Now!" I said.

We walked back down the trail, my ass burning, cum and God knows what running down my legs. Bob smelled like cologne and something indescribable. I smelled like shit.

We got to the parking lot as two cars pulled away. I stopped and hid behind another car as Samuel's BMW eased out of the lot, Annette leaning out of the window, her hair in her face, makeup smeared, staring into space with a stupid grin on her face.

I felt sick to my stomach.

Bob handed me a bottled water from his car, and I drank the entire thing.

"Take me to my car," I said again.

We drove back in silence. I couldn't get Annette's grin out of my head. She was gone. I'd lost her forever.

We made it back to his office, and I walked from his car to mine.

Bob walked toward me then stopped.

"I told you this might be too much for you," he said. "I'm sorry."

"Don't be," I said.

My head was spinning, and my ass hurt and I couldn't even believe the words that came out of my mouth.

"Want to have a drink sometime?" I asked.

Bob smiled.

"I'd like that," he said.

As he walked away I watched him, the man who'd just fucked me. My mind was swirling, and my tail was throbbing. Bob suddenly stopped and turned.

"You know," he said. "I'd love to fuck you wife."

My mind suddenly went blank. I didn't know what to say or feel.

"She'd like that too probably," I said.

Annette was in the shower when I got home. She was moaning quietly as I peered into the bathroom. She was either washing her pussy or masturbating.

Or both.

I walked back downstairs and made a drink. Little did I know that one night soon, we would all be in a bar together. Things were about to get very hot.