 The stories that I write are purely fictional. I am not gay nor have I ever had gay sex. But If I ever wanted to have gay sex, this is how I might want it to happen to me. ENJOY!!!

Hi, My name is Robert and I would like to chronicle my many sexual adventures. I want to start with the time that I lost my cherry to two of the most gorgeus black men in the world.To start off, I'm a 22 year old, slim muscular black man. On top of that, I'm bisexual. At first, I wouldn't look another man's way. STRICTLY PUSSY!! But one night changed all of that.

My job...... that is where I met Michael and Derek. Well actually, they were the men that hired me. I remember walking in to meet with the Company Plant Manager only to be blown away by sight that met my eyes. Michael Woods.... Over 200 pounds of solid muscle encased in velvety soft- chocolate brown skin. Coal black eyes, a sexy smile, big hands and an even bigger basket completed this amazing package. He is enough to make any woman faint. Hell- I WAS ABOUT TO FAINT!!!! That was the first time thoughts of gay sex ever crossed my mind. I needed a little time to compose myself. Dammit!! Time wasn't on my side. He had been notified that I was there. "Its good to meet you Mr. Ford. Follow me back to my office." As I followed his ass...oops followed HIM to the office, my mind was racing 110 miles and hour. My 8 inch cock was getting harder by the second and I was sweating like hell!!! All the small talk that he made going to his office ran in one ear and shot out the other. The only thing that I caught was a snatch of the last thing that he said....."You got the job, we are just going thru the formalities." As he turned and said this, he gave me one of the most sexiest smiles on the side of the universe. 

"Are you alright?" 

"Yeah, I'm alright. I'm just glad that I got this job. It was the only one that I really hoped that I would get."

His eyes gave me a quick once over. As they reached my crotch, they brightened. "I'm glad that you feel that way, I think that you will fit in really good around here, REALLY GOOD." After saying that, we entered into his office where I met my supervisor. I'm glad that there was a chair waiting for me, because I didn't think that I could stand much longer after meeting him. Of lighter complexion and smaller frame than Michael, he looked like a muscular Denzel Washington. Gosh!!! So cute and sexy.

When I got home that evening, I took a cold shower and forced myself to file the feelings that I felt that morning into a box in the back of my mind that was labeled- MARKED FOR DELETION. I did not want to ruin my chances of sucess by involving my feelings. SILLY ME!!!

As the year progressed, I became a pro at my job. I became close working friends with Derek and he in turn would involve me with him in several conversations that he had with Michael. During one of these conversations, Derek told me about a gym that he and Michael lifted weights at. That next week, I decided to try it out . I had been there for about 1 1/2 hours when I saw a heart stopping thing, Michael & Derek coming in to lift weights. I discreetly made myself scarce. I did not want them to see me here, and yet I wanted to see their exposed muscles in all their glory. I did not have long to wait. 

What puzzled me was how close they were upon one another. What puzzled me even more was the fact that they lifted weights for only 30 minutes before calling it a day. I saw that they were headed towards the shower room that the gym provided. I decided to investigate. What I got was a surprise.

Taking my clothes off, I went searching.

After searching thru the different sections of this shower room,I was about to turn back. That was when I heard a guttural groan come from clamped lips. I followed the sound until I saw a vision that I will never forget.

There thru the volumes of steam and water, I saw Derek wrapped up in Michael's arms....kissing. I hid myself as well as I could and watched the scene unfold.

After kissing for a short eternity, I saw Michael kissing downwards until his lips latched onto a nipple. He slowly alternated sucking each hardened peak. As he did this, Derek took the liberty of slowly jacking their thick cocks together. It seemed as if this was to much for Michael. He quickly stood back up kissing Derek urgently while massaging and fingering his asshole. Urging Derek to turn around and bend over, Michael quickly got down and stuck his tongue deeply into his ass. Doing this caused Derek's head to snap back in pleasure. A pool of sweet precum shimmered at the end of his cock. In a flash, Michael pushed him against the wall and lined his 10 inch fuck pole up with Derek's chocolate rosebud. My mouth was hung wide open as I watched this man sink all 10 inches into Derek's ass. Derek turned his head towards Michael and mouthed the words "Fuck Me!!" At that point, I thought that Michael was gonna go crazy and fuck the shit out of that ass. But instead, he took his time and fucked in full, measured deep strokes. Each time, buried himself, I heard Derek moan. Every time he went in, precum would drip from Derek like a leaking faucet. After about ten minutes, Michael's thrusts began to speed up. As he sped up, he reached around and began stroking Derek's cock. He kept on stroking until, Derek stiffened up against him. I watched in amazement as Derek exploded and shot thick ropes of cum up against the wall . This must have set Michael off. I almost fainted as I watched and saw him blow his load deep in Derek's brown bottom. For a while, They stayed together. After resting a while, Derek turned around and kissed Michael. As they cuddled and kiss, they began turning around in circles. THATS when I should have left. But greedy me, I wanted to see if there was gonna be any more action. 

I shifted just a little bit.....BIG MISTAKE!! 

Michael's eyes shifted right to where I was. As he held Derek to him, Michael's eyes registered surprise at first, then understanding, then unbridled lust as he looked at my resisting-to-deflate cock.

That was it.

I lost my nerves and sprinted deeper into the shower room, Leaving Michael to his fantasies. "I see you're ready to go again," Derek said They both laughed. "We'll have to carry on at my house, I'll have a surprise waiting on you, Michael whispered. "Be there at 9:00?" Yeah, I'll be there," Derek agreed. "I'm leaving now, I gotta stop at a few places before then."

As for me, I had stopped a few feet down from them to think about what I had just seen. I began stroking myself trying to relieve the pressure in my balls. "You want me to help you with that." Before I could turn around, Michael had me encased in his arms. "Just RELAX ok." I nodded in consent as his soft hands wrapped around my boner. As he stroked me, he nibbled, kissed and sucked on my ear. All I could do was moan and gasp in pleasure. His kissing coupled with that big muscle of his rubbing up against my ass sent me over the edge. I muffled a scream as best as I could as I spurted the biggest load all over the shower room floor. Turning me around, he grabbed my ass and pulled me to him for my first man to man kiss. "I want to do something," he said. Looking over my shoulder, I noticed something that I hadn't noticed before. He had something like a squirt bottle of some kind of oil on a chain that was wrapped onto his wrist. "Don't resist" He took the top off of the bottle and gently slipped the knob into my ass. With all the force of his strength, he squeezed the bottle and squirted the oil into me. "Now, you must promise me that you will not try to wash this oil out. And I want you to be at my house at 8:00 sharp." I don't know what got into me, but I agreed to this plan with no questions asked. "You're gonna love what I'm gonna do to you tonight,"he promised He gave me another soul burning kiss......then was gone.