 It's my secret. It's my hidden desire. My love. I don't share it with anyone. I don't expect anyone to understand, I don't understand myself. I don't know why I do it, well, yes, I do. I'm a jerk, an asshole, a bastard, and a closet case of sorts. If my friends knew, they would look differently at me. I would feel differently in front of them, so I get my fix, in secret, on the down low.

I guess you would call me your typical fit blond hair, blue eyed twunk. I'm too muscled to be a twinkie, too skinny to be a hunk. I work out four to five times a week, but that's just to keep my five foot eight frame in top shape. My pride and joy are my cakes, my bubble, my muscle buns of steel. It's hard and firm, and guys love it. Especially black guys, but I'm not into black guys... publically.

I only date white guys, maybe a Latin guy if he's hot enough. I have a criteria. White or Latin, fit under 30, professional, at least seven inches. That's what I look for in a date. It's what's expected of me. What I really want is a sexy black man. The right man, I'll bend over for without hesitation or drop to my knees for. Like the man I visit tonight. The one I visit almost every weekend.

He takes me in his arms and holds me close as he slides in me. I love the contrast of my skin against his. The way he kisses me, it's soft and gentle yet so hard and controlling. He gives me what I need, what I yearn for, yet I am only with him in secret. When he sees me in the bars, he gives me a crooked smile, knowing later that night I'll be in his bed.

An outsider would think I was using him, ashamed of him, that I just thought of him as a piece of meat. Thing is, he's in the same boat that I am. I'm his white boy shame. His boys and family would never let him live it down if he they knew. He hides me just as much as I hide him, if not more. We both date, flirt and fuck others that society thinks we should, but in the safety of our bedrooms, we are together.

This is another of our encounters. Friday night, and he's waiting for me. His apartment is unlocked for me. Doesn't really matter, I have a key, just like he has a key to mine. I strip at the front door, he likes me naked as soon as I come in. I like to please him. What he wants, he gets from me. We may fuck others, but only we can satisfy each other.

I'm naked in his dark apartment. He's in the bedroom, naked in the bed, no doubt hard at the thought of me crawling into his bed and wrapping my lips around his mighty python. My mouth waters at the thought of tasting him. I make my way to the bedroom. He's there propped up on the bed, his legs spread welcoming me, holding my treat for me like I'm a dog. His dog.

I crawl up on the bed between his legs and lick. I drag my tongue slowly up from the bottom of his balls up his thickly veined meat to the bulbous tip. He moans his pleasure. I lick up and down, up and down. He takes a fist full of my hair, aims his cock at me and pulls me onto him, impaling my throat with his thick delicious meat. I almost choke as the first seven of his ten inch monster enters me, but I've learned to take it all.

I milk him with my mouth, slowly taking all ten inches down. When I get to the base, he holds my head there, savoring the feeling of my throat muscles massaging him. He lets go and I work my way up then back down, twisting my head, working my tongue, filling my belly with his ball juice. "Yeah, baby, nurse that dick." He moans as I continue to pleasure him. "Show me who your real man is." I do.

He fills my mouth as he grows harder and thicker. It gets harder and harder to take him down to the base, but I do. "Come up here, baby." I love how he calls me baby. I obey. His body is just like his cock, big and thick. He's built like a linebacker and I am his personal tight end. He wraps his arms around me. He kisses me rubbing my lips raw with his stubble.

I straddle his waist as his tongue dances with mine. He rolls me over onto my back. I keep my legs wrapped around him. I won't let him go until he tells me so. I feel his love spear smearing its juices over my hole. He pins my hands beside my head as he kisses and nibbles on my neck. "Oh, God." I cry as he moves down to my nipples.

"Please, no." I beg as he flicks his tongue over my tiny pert nipples. I struggle against him, but he holds me firm as he moves over my body. "Ugh, God, ooohhh!" I scream as he licks my side. His stubble scratches oh so good along my skin. He moves to my carefully groomed crotch. I gasp with the anticipation of what he's going to do.

He lets go of my hands as he positions my legs on his shoulders. My lip trembles when I feel him gently tastes my inner thigh. Then the swirl of his tongue just under my balls. Then he dives into the cleft of my thighs with savage intent that sends me bucking up against him. "Please... Ugh" I scream unable to control my body as he manipulates it oh so well.

Finally, he allows me a moment to recover. He turns to my balls and tastes them, one by one, doing figure eights with his tongue over them. I pant as I enjoy the mellow feeling as he moves up to my own drooling cock and flicks the tip with his tongue gathering the cock spit on his tongue before he swallows my seven inches without hesitation.

I gasp as he snakes his tongue around my shaft while he moves up and down me. He knows my limits, my triggers, and more importantly he knows what I want.

He releases my cock and throws my legs up to reveal his prize. "Who owns this?" He asks before gently licking the outer ring. His stubble rubs against me and I have no choice but to scream, "You do!" With that he flips me over like a rag doll and starts his all you can eat buffet.

He pulls apart my cheeks as his tongue circle and flicks against my skin. I arch my back as his stubble sends tendrils of pleasure through me. He darts his tongue in me. He's fucking me with his thick tongue with gentle bites of my muscled butt thrown in for good measure. I pound the mattress as he devours my hole. He's preparing me how he likes it, sloppy wet.

Without warning, he's tongue is gone and I'm flipped back on my back, my legs resting on his shoulders. I'm always amazed at how quickly he does this. He lines up and slowly enters me. With him I the only lube is his saliva and precum. He's always gentle at first, though he doesn't need to be. He fills me up, going deeper than anyone else ever has, giving me pleasure that no other man can.

Slowly he works his way into me, deeper and deeper, till finally the familiar feeling of his balls against my ass. "Damn, boy." He leans down and kisses me, folding me in two. He grinds against me, moving his hips just so that only a couple of inches comes out before slowly going back in. I hold his head in my hands as I try to suck him into me, from both ends.

His rhythmic thrusts bring me sending me closer and closer to the edge. I can feel his cock pulse with excitement in me. "Oh, man," He grunts as he long dicks me, "only you can make me feel this good." I moan as he slowly pulls out to just the tip and then slams back into me. I love the feel of his cock buried in me.

"I need you in me." I beg like his little bitch. "Give it to me. Please." That sets him off. Without pulling out I'm on my stomach and he's covering my body. Our hands intertwine as he nibbles on the back of my neck. He pounds into me mercilessly. I push back against him, meeting every thrust. I turn my head so we can kiss. His pounding increases. I feel as though I'm being hammered through the mattress.

He roars back, pulling me back against him as explosion after explosion goes off inside me. I feel him swell in me. He's shooting his load deep into me, breeding me. I can feel my insides being filled with his pent up lust. He continues to thrust in me until the last drop is out and then we collapse together onto the bed, with him still inside me. 

"Your turn." He reluctantly pulls out and slides off me. I roll over, laying my head on his chest, his massive arm holding me close. "Do it for me, baby." He encourages as I start to bring myself to completion. I can feel him start to leak out of me and the filth of it all sets me off. Volley after volley shoots across my chest.

As soon as I've calmed down, he turns my head to his and kisses me lightly. "If our boys only knew." I turn into him. I can hear his heart beat as I rest my hand on his chest. "You feel so good." His hand is on my hip and I feel so safe and secure with him. "You up for a round two?"

I look up at him with longing in my eyes. "I want you so bad." He smiles. "I want you to use me whenever you want, till you run dry." He kisses me on the forehead. It's his way of stopping this conversation. "I want you to make me moan so loud the people three streets over complain."

He stokes my face. "Gladly."