 I've got an itch that needs scratching. A desire, a lust. It's been slowly burning in me all week and now it's a blazing fire in me. It's filled my mind and thoughts all week, distracting me from my work. It's my addiction, it's my drug. A few people understand. Some publically, some privately like me. You see my friends and family wouldn't understand. Their down with my man on man play, but not my lust. White boy booty.

We both hide out mutual arrangement. I'm sure his friends wouldn't understand why a preppy blond blue eyed boy with an ass for days would let someone like plow his ass. I'm a six foot three black man with a few choice tattoos. I got a linebacker body and its all muscle. The answer is, he craves it as much as me.

My friends think I have a hot date tonight with my black big booty bottom. If they only knew I had this ongoing thing with my big booty white boy bottom. Once or twice is okay, they call that reparations, anything more is just not heard of. They just don't know how precious my white boy/s booty is. It's something to be savored and appreciated.

I've been texting him dirty things all week. Telling him how I can't wait to get in that ass again. How I want to feel him bobbing up and down on my joy stick, feel his swollen lips on mine after he's sucked down my load. I know this gets him hot and bothered. He's sent me pictures of his cum stained underwear after a day of thinking about me.

He loves to please me, no matter how naughty. I have him send me pictures. Naked pictures of his hole, how excited I make him. Occasionally when we can't get together, I take pictures for me, sometimes a video of him fucking himself with a dildo for me to tide me over till our next rendezvous. He's a good little boy like that. My fantasy is his desire.

At first, that was why I kept tapping it. My own personal white boy to have when I wanted it, how I wanted it and, more importantly, as often as I liked. He grew on me. I watch him in the bars, flirting and having fun with his friends. I make sure he's safe, and that he has this hard dick ready and waiting for him. Afterwards, I'll hold him in my arms, let him know he's safe while he dozes off.

Tonight I head over to his place. He'll be in the dark, face down ass up just the way I want. I unlock his apartment door with the key he gave me and enter the dimly lit apartment. It's modest like him. I make my way to the bedroom. It's just bright enough for me to see his glorious butt. He works so hard on it in the gym just for me. He'll never admit it, but I know it's true. It's grown more luscious since our first encounter almost a year ago.

He stirs as I start to undress. I notice the blind fold. He wears that when he wants the feelings intense. I drop my pants and underwear to the floor. I'm already achingly hard for him. My full ten inches is ready to feel him. I have no choice but to obey it. I step forward and smack his ass playfully. I smile as he jumps, but I marvel at the slight giggle in his muscled butt.

I spread apart his cleavage and look down at his tight little button. It tempts me, calls to me to loosen it up. I dive down with a warning growl. My tongue digs into him. He gasps as my stubble rubs against his sensitive skin. I'm a starving man feasting. I'm ravenous for his hole. I greedily dart around, teasing and pleasing him while I satisfy my urge.

I hear him whimper with the pleasure. I know his body, how sensitive it is, especially with me. I pull away and give his left cheek a quick nip, almost making him howl from the pleasurable pain. I wipe the spit and booty juice from my mouth. I slowly trail my tongue up his back. He's clutching the bedsheets, tearing them from their well tucked corners.

My body now covers his, and I put my hands on top of his so he can take them. I make small slow circles on the back of his neck and he bucks against me, trying to push his ass into my crotch. My little bitch is in heat. I keep him pinned as he grinds against me. He knows it's futile being that I'm so much taller than he, but I enjoy the attempt none the less.

I tease him a bit more before I flip him and take his mouth with mine. I'd be shocked by his animalistic ferocity if I hadn't experienced it before. He's savoring the taste of himself on my tongue as he wraps his legs around my waist. His hands are still pinned with mine, and though he tries, to wrap them around my neck, I keep them there. I am in charge.

I move down, nuzzling his neck, making him buck wildly before moving down to his nipples. He's panting, begging, pleading with me. I smile to myself knowing that soon he'll be just hot enough for me. I move down, leaving a slippery trail down his smooth taunt body with my tongue. I lick all around his jutting excitement, sending him thrashing about.

I take his balls in my warm mouth. I caress them with my tongue. I feel him clawing at the bed. I give him a few more moments of the unbearable ecstasy. It's time to calm him down. I never understood why, but the one thing that gives me my most pleasure is the one thing that calms him down. I stoke his cock with my tongue, moving up to the tip.

I lap my tongue in the copious amounts of precum that has leaked into a small puddle on his belly before slowly engulfing his cock down to its base. I feel his hands on my face, stroking gently as he slowly calms down. I know what he wants, what he needs, what he is craving. He's not ready quite yet. I want him boiling over with lust and he's only just simmering now.

I let go his cock with a thud against his belly. He tenses, knowing what comes next. I trail my fingers slowly up his sides as he gasps from the sensitive touch. I slowly, methodically stroke him as he mewls softly. I smile with satisfaction as I watch his lower lip quiver. He's ready. Without warning I move up to his mouth, kissing him.

Our kiss is full passion and desire. I allow his hands to roam my body as he tries to pull me further into him. Even with the blindfold, he knows my body too well. The desire in him strong, as he tries to roll me over onto my back. He's strong, but he yields to my strength. I'm enjoying the feel of his body pressed under mine, the desperate touch of his hands as he tries to pull himself into me.

Finally, I relent and roll us over. This is his queue as he begins to worship my body. His warm mouth encircles my left nipple and nurses like a hungry baby. He nuzzles my hard belly, tracing each muscle with his tongue as he cups my heavy balls. He slivers down between my legs and inhales my scent before rubbing his face in my crotch, covering himself in my smell.

I feel the rough lick of his tongue as his velvet mouth engulfs one ball then the other. He churns them like butter in his mouth, stoking the flames in me before he moves up so that his ass is by my side, His mouth begins to suckle from me. I paw his pert ass absent mindedly as I pet his head. He is slowly and methodically swallowing me down.

I wet my finger and slowly press against his hole. I slip in easily. I finger him. I can feel his excitement on my cock as he takes more of me into his throat. I groan with approval as he gently massages me with his throat muscles. He's grinding himself on my fingers as he humps the bed with excitement.

I know he's ready, I can feel it on my fingers, feel it on my cock. I want to enjoy what he's doing for just a while longer, though. He moans around my dick and the vibration triggers my urge. I pull him gently from his pride and joy with a wet pop. I'm not rough with him, though I know he likes it. I place him tenderly on his back in the middle of the bed.

I remove his blindfold and look into those beautiful eyes. I want to see his eyes as I fuck him. They are filled with thirst. Not a thirst for sex, but a thirst for me. I am the only one who can put out the blazing fire in him and we both know it. I give him a quick peck on the lips before putting his legs on my shoulders.

I maneuver my way into him slowly. His velvet tunnel tugs at me, but I slowly glide in savoring the sensation and look on his face as I fill him. Inch by inch, I push into his willing opening. Once I'm buried to the hilt, I lean down and give him a deep sloppy kiss before I raise up and slowly grind into my boy. His hands are feeling my body.

He's begging me to unleash my fury and pound him into the apartment below. I just continue my slow grind as I turn my head and kiss his leg. I plant my hands on either side of him as I start long dicking him. I can see the tortured satisfaction in his eyes. He wants more, he needs me to scratch that itch that is just out of reach and I am just toying with him.

The urge is too great in me now. He sees it and gives me a wicked smile. Before he can say anything, I have him flipped around and on all fours. He braces himself as I slam into him. The sound of flesh hitting flesh fills the room as he starts pushing back against my thrusts. He's milking me with all his might. As many times as I've fucked him, he's still as tight as the first time.

His arms and legs shake with exhaustion from the onslaught and they finally give. I'm now on top of him. He moans while I drill into him. He turns his head and we kiss. I move my arms under him and squeeze him close. I quicken my pace as the moment draws closer, our bodies covered in a sheen of sweat. I can't take it anymore and with a triumphant roar into his mouth. I erupt into my boy.

I pant as I slowly plop out of him. I'm exhausted as I roll over off of him. He curls up next to me. He begins stroking himself slowly while my finger slips into his cum drenched hole. I kiss him, encouraging his own controlled explosion. His pace quickens. His own urge surges forth causing him to spasm uncontrollably. Shot after shot coats his delicious stomach. I smile as he recovers.

He pulls himself close to me and strokes my chest absentmindedly. He looks at me with those doe eyes. I know what he is thinking. I'm thinking the same thing, but we both know we can't. I kiss him on his forehead and he snuggles closer to me. We wallow in our own filth, basking in the glory. He looks up with those pleading eyes. "Shower with me." He says softly. I scoop him up in my arms to do just that.