 Over the next six months Josh, Steven and I got on pretty much the same as we had before. Only now instead of Josh and Steven hiding their homosexuality I was included, quite actively. Even though things started out with a threesome, it didn't happen as often as you might think. When it did I was usually sprawled on my back on the hassock with Stevens cock in my mouth and Joshes cock slamming into my ass. Most of the time it was just the two of them with the occasional 'tryst' with me on the side. Most of the time I was giving them head or something. Rarely did Jost fuck me when we were alone. He didn't feel right if Steven wasn't there, though he was ok with me giving him head. 

After six months I was able to deep throat Steven with relative ease. That was because we hardly ever had a moment when we were alone when his cock wasn't in my mouth. It happened to be the hassock where we spent most of our time because it was the perfect height for him to kneel and feed me his cock as I hung my head off the edge. Though Steve usually prefered the bottom position when he was with Josh he had no problem 'topping' me. As much as I'd love to write about our adventures now, I'll have to hold off until I get this story off my chest. I will say this though, when we started our adventures it involved my bed, the couch and the kitchen table and that was the first day. Josh loved hearing about our sexual adventures which most often led to his fucking the devil out of Steven which every so often led to my being sandwhiched between them. My favorite position was my being on hands and knees with a cock in my mouth and a cock in my ass. But like I said that didn't happen very often. 

One day not too long ago we had a pretty bad storm with thunder, lightning and torrents and torrents of rain. Josh was on duty and Steven and I were home alone. I had my mouth on Stevens cock in the middle of the living room as I knelt before him. I had learned to deep throat in this position a few months earlier and had come to enjoy it. Not only was it comfortable I was turned on by the 'submissive' nature of it. This time he had called Josh to inform him and even took a picture of me sucking his cock and sent it to Josh. While my head bobbed back and forth on his cock and just as he was about to cum lightning struck a transformer nearby causing a transformer to explode which destroyed the entire power station and damaged the back up station. The lights went out as Stevens cock exploded in my throat. Hot jets of cum shot down my throat as the ground shook from the explosion that took out the power station. All I noticed was his hands on my head as his pelvis was shoved hard against my lips as his cock shot deeper into my throat as he jerked and moaned his pleasure. 

Steven was panting and jerking in after shocks as he pulled his cock from my mouth. As he fell to his knees a second explosion shook the earth noticably. It was then we finally realized what we heard was not thunder. Pulling on our robes we stood out in the back deck. Off in the distance we saw an orange glow from the fire. Rain came down harder than ever and we rushed back inside. Josh then called and Steve took the phone into their room. I went to take a shower and get dressed. 

I showered off with what remained of the hot water, toweled off and headed out to get some coffee. Walking out into the living room I was met with the sight of Josh and Steven fucking on the couch. Steven lay on his back legs spread wide with Josh on his knees fucking Steven like there was no tomorrow. Apparently the phone call was Josh informing Steven he was on his way home because the base had been damaged by lightning and nonessential personnel were sent home for their safety. He got home while I was in the shower. 

Not wanting to disturb them I went to the kitchen nook and poured coffee and watched from the shadows as my roommates abused the couch. As I sipped my coffee I heard Josh speak in rhythmn of his thrusts "Did-you-fuck-Rich-like-this?" increasing the force of his thrusts with each word.

Steven responded with "Yes, yes...I fucked him...just like you are fucking me..God give it to me harder...Harder!!!...Yes!!!" Josh responded by savagely pounding his cock even deeper into Steven who apparently liked the savagery. "He's watching us fuck baby. I always wanted him to watch us like this" he said staring lovingly into his loves eyes. 

"Good morning. Starting early are we?" I said smiling. 

Josh looked up and smiled as he savaged Steven even more. As if I were the catalyst to their orgasms they both came simultaniously with Steven unloading his balls onto his chest and Josh slamming his cock into Steven and groaning in a low moan as his balls emptied into Steven. They were both panting and smiling as they looked in my direction. "Next time, I want you next to us...ok?" Steven said as he moved to kiss his one true love saying "I love you Joshua" over and over as they kissed still connected. 

When things had calmed down and we were sitting around the table coffee in hand Josh informed us that the storm had taken out the power station in several areas. Apparently a lightning strike had caused several transformers to explode with such force that the station was utterly destroyed. So the entire region was blacked out and would be for at least a week before the back up station could be up and ready as it to was damaged by the blast. For some reason Josh decided that it was a good day to clean the hot tub. Being that it was fairly enclosed and it did need to be cleaned we all agreed to help. The fact that the storm was still raging didn't bother me. I had always liked storms. Something deep inside me appreciated the power of a good storm. 

Our day was spent cleaning the hot tub. It was made easier by the fact that we had a new filtration system that would purify and recycle the water. So by simply turning on the filtration system the water was automatically cleaned. Only trouble with that was the fact that the filter had to be pulled every fifteen or twenty minutes to clean it off and then reinstall it. So while one of us monitored the filtration system the other two used brushes to scrub the sides off so that the debret would be then filtered out. It was a matter of 3 or 4 hours before the filtration system signalled that the water was clean. 

With that done Josh brought out a huge bag of powdered surgical lube. Apparently for commercial use the lube was mixed with water then packaged in the tubes we have all become acquainted with. He didn't say where he got it but it and we didn't ask. He mixed some of the lube with water to make a paste so that created a huge vat of warm, water soluble lubricant which was just thick enough to do the job intended but thin enough to flow freely through the pumps.

Some time later Josh pulled me aside. "I have a friend coming over to spend a few days with us. He was flying to Okinawa where he's to be stationed when all flights out were cancelled because of the storm so I asked him to stay with us." Josh shifted, looked away then back at me "He's gay. He loves fucking and getting his cock sucked', he looked nervously at me. "I haven't told him about you and he already knows about Steven and I" he said nervously. " But he has a thing for you." 

I looked at Josh then over at Steven who smiled and nodded his 'ok'. I smiled "What does that mean exactly?" I asked. 

Josh smiled and hugged me "Don't get me wrong. We don't want you doing anything with anyone you are not comfortable with' he whispered. 'but it would be a nice if you two hit it off." 

Steven walked up behind me so I was sandwhiched between them. "He's a friend though and he has expressed interest in you. We figured that since he was going away it might be a nice send off for him." 

Josh grinned a nasty grin "Wear that sexy chinese robe I like to see you in. He'll at least get an eyeful to hold him over on those long lonely nights on Okinawa, if nothing happens." 

Steven added "It would be a nice touch if you were naked underneath." He stroked his hand over my ass and said "We need to prep you just in case you two hit it off." he whispered squeezing my ass once again. So we disappeared into the bathroom to cleanse. While we were busy Josh came in with my robe. "He'll be here in a few minutes" Josh said. "He's going to love you in this' he smiled, 'really love you". The idea that they were willing to share me with a friend was more of a turn on than I was prepared to admit but I remained cautious about my excitement. 

Steven ushered me into my room where he suggested I stay until he came to get me. Bill came up the stair and walked past the window. He was nearly perfect. Six feet tall, muscular with a trim waist and incredibly good looking. My inclination to let things happen rose considerably though I still wasn't sure if they truly wanted anything to happen. They talked for a while having coffee at the kitchen table when I heard Bill ask "Where's your roommate?" He was trying to sound casual but I detected a tremor in his voice as he asked about me. 

Steven answered "Oh, he was in the shower. I'll go see if he's finished". He was in my room almost immediately closing the door behind him. He sat down next to me and looked at me for a moment. "Well, did you see him?" I nodded but said nothing still not sure if they were serious. Steven sensed my concern and laid his hand on my thigh. "Josh and I are going to spend the rest of our lives together. We cannot expect that you will be with us forever' he leaned in 'we wouldn't mind if you hooked up with Bill. Really. We've discussed it and he is a nice guy and a good friend of ours. So if you want to...it will be ok with us". He looked into my eyes "Besides... We think you two are a good match" 

I took a breath and let it out relaxing a bit knowing that it was entirely up to me whether or not anything happened. So I stood up with Stevens help and we proceded out the door to meet Bill. They had moved to the couch where Bill sat looking apprehensive and stiff from what had to have been a long, difficult day of waiting for another flight. His eyes lit up upon seeing me and our eyes met and locked. It was then I knew he would fuck me. My heart beat wildly in my chest and I tried to breath normally. Nothing was lost on Steven who smiled at the obvious 'hit' between Bill and I. My shorty robe seemed to be a hit as he eyed me up and down in a not so subtle 'check out' followed by a genuine grin of appreciation.

We shook hands and he choked out "Hi, I'm Bill my friends call me Will. I'd like it if you called me Will" he said quietly. He held onto my hand not wanting to let go. 

I noticed his 'tool' poking down his leg and it was at least 8" soft and clearly visible under the denim of his jeans. "I'm Rich. Pleased to meet you 'Will". He responded with the most sincere and heart felt smile. "How long are you in town?" I asked as I sat next to him on the couch a little closer than usual. 

He shrugged. "I was supposed to be half way across the Pacific by now. Now they tell me the next flight isn't scheduled for two days and depending on the weather maybe a week." My heart skipped a beat knowing we had at least two days to get to know each other. Almost on que lightening struck somewhere close brightening the room to mid day followed by a huge, earth shattering thunder clap. As the lights were out we had to light candles and so the living room had a darkened, romantic air about it as we all sat around talking. 

Will and Josh did most of the talking, mostly about bases they'd been to and people they knew. It was then I learned that there was a gay underground in the military ranks. It had been set up as a support group for those in the service in need of someone to talk to, meet and possibly hook up with. Initially it was set up as a suicide prevention service for gays in the service. It quickly evolved into a networking group that was soon filled with officers and enlisted alike. It now spanned the globe wherever there were gay troops stationed, which was everywhere and far more prolific than the brass could possibly comprehend. 

I sat next to Will listening to their conversation contributing little. After a while I leaned back and closed my eyes to listen to their conversation and enjoy the atmosphere relaxing totally in their presence. It was after a while that I noticed Wills arm around my shoulder. It was an unconscious situation that neither of us were immediately aware of until sometime later. Once he realized his arm was around me he immediately pulled it away. "sorry" he whispered. 

"No need to be...Will" and I sat back nudging even closer to him...this time consciously. 

It was after Steven disappeared and returned with glasses and a couple bottles of wine that things got interesting. Will had relaxed and replaced his arm around me. Only after we had emptied one bottle and were working on the next did things start to loosen up. Steven being a shameless instigator leaned over to me and shifted my robe and made a mock cry of astonishment said "Richard, you naughty boy. You are naked under that thing...tsk, tsk" Will, turned his head and grinned with eyebrows raised as I blushed.

I looked at him shrugged my shoulders and said "Well, I did just get out of the shower". 

"I think we should break out the porno" he said smirking which turned to a frown. "I just realized,we can't watch a movie because the powers out. 

Josh added "We hit the hot tub if the waters up to temp" He knew it was because we'd had it on all day for that purpose. I suspected that Josh had exactly this in mind all along. 

Will looked uncomfortable and said "I don't have a suit"

Steven gave him an exasperated look "William, do you really need one?" He was caught and he blushed like a kid caught in a lie. "Besides, how will Rich be able to suck your cock if you're wearing a suit?" Wills mouth dropped open. Steven and Josh left to get the back deck situated leaving Will and I alone. 

Will smiled and blushed some more but was less shy and asked. "Are you ok with that?" I nodded and smiled back. 

His eyebrows knit in a way that suggested he was working up the courage to say something. "What Steven just suggested...Umm.. are you ok with...with that?" he asked again more to clarify his situation and embolden himself for the final push. Again I nodded.

He swallowed and started to speak "Uhm..mm..." He went quiet and looked hard into my eyes "I don't suppose that I have to tell you that I'm, I'm gay?" he rushed the last few words out trying not to choke on them. I smiled and shook my head no. 

I sensed that speaking during such a tough confession would be inappropriate. He visibly relaxed and exhaled all the tension fading. "Good" he said with a sigh. "Its tough having to be careful about what you say and who you say it to. It really takes it out of you emotionally" he said taking a deep breath and letting the tension release from his body. 

He sat back smiling and leaned his head against the cushions then looked at me. "I saw you last time I was in town a few months ago. I asked Josh about you and he said you were a new guy staying with them until you got a barracks assignment. What happened?" 

I shrugged "Nothing, it just took too long and we figured since we got along I might as well take the spare room and share rent" I said. 

"Oh" he said sounding disppointed looking down at his lap. "Did Josh tell you what I said?" he sounded nervous this time. I smiled and nodded but said nothing. "Did that bother you?" he said looking up. 

"Did what bother me?" I asked. 

He shifted uncomfortably in his seat not certain if he should say it or leave it. "What I said about you" he swallowed hard. 

"What he told me didn't bother me. Just in case I don't have the whole story, what did you say?" I swallowed hard my attraction growing as this shy, unassuming hot guy tried to see what I was about. 

He blushed, swallowed and stared at me a long moment, not sure if he should say anymore. Then a look of resolve crossed his face as he sat forward resting his elbows on his knees, hanging his head low he said "I thought you were hot." He fidgeted nervously then added "I couldn't take my eyes off of you...' he gulped '...I swear I was going to give myself away if I didn't leave." He looked down at his lap embarrassed for having admitted such a thing.

My hand fell to his wrist and I shook my head no then said "No, it did not bother me." I then added "I kind of wish you had introduced yourself, you never know really...especially these days".  

He let out another sigh "Really? Do you think something could have happened?" I simply nodded and shrugged. "So are you naked under there?" he asked smiling. I nodded but kept my hand on his wrist. "Really?" he asked again I nodded this time moving the split of my robe up enough to show my entire leg up to my waist to prove it. He swallowed hard. "Does it mean...uhm..that...." his voice trailed off. 

I smiled "It means I'm willing to see where things go...if you are" I said. 

He swallowed hard and was about to speak when Steven and Josh returned. "Ok, the fires going and we moved the patio furniture so we can all have a seat" Steven said as he poured each of us more wine. "Are you two getting along?" he asked smiling. It was then that I noticed that both Steven and Josh had their robes on and were likely naked underneath leaving Will the only one still fully clothed. 

"We're getting along fine" Will said also noticing the change of apparell. "Do you have a robe for me?" he asked. Out of nowhere Josh handed him a folded clean terry cloth robe. Standing up he looked at me "Can I use your shower and change in your room?" I nodded and showed him the way. 

When he was gone Steven moved up behind me and asked. "So, what happened?" 

"Nothing we were just getting to know each other" I said. Turning I looked directly into Stevens eyes and asked "Are you sure you are ok with this?" 

Josh heard me as he approached "Yes, if you want to fuck Will its ok with us. It really is ok". 

We were sitting on the patio when Will came striding out in his robe glass of wine in hand. I had taken a seat on a love seat opposite Josh and Steven who occupied the other love seat. Joshes arm was around Steven who was leaning in watching the fire burning in the fire pit. He automatically took a seat next to me and without any hesitation put his arm around me and pulled me close. "What did I miss?" he asked gulping a healthy swallow of wine. 

Steven said "Oh nothing, we were just watching the fire. But it just isn't putting off enough heat to suit me. This storm is making me cold. Can we sit in the hot tub?" With that both he and Josh stood up stepped up on the platform dropped their robes and got into the hot tub. Josh once in flipped the switch to the pumps and the water/lube began to swirl. Once they were in Will got up and pulled me with him. He let me get in first. The warm water felt nice the thick viscous nature of the lubricant mixed in the water added a different yet pleasant element to the experience. When Will got up to the platform he let his robe fall and my jaw dropped open. His muscular build was nearly perfect, not a blemish or scar on a body that Odonis would have envied. What made my jaw drop was the 8" cock dangling freely between his legs. No pubic hair at all and a perfectly cut head. He was as long as Steven when hard and he was limp. 

He stepped down the steps one by one sinking into the warm water. "Hey, this is interesting" he said scooping up water in his hand. "You added lubricant to the water?" he asked. I found my seat which was directly in front of a jet which just happened to hit my ass perfectly. He sat down saying "This could be fun" as he looked directly at me all of his shyness gone. His arm fell around my shoulders and my hand fell to his leg grazing his cock with my knuckles. His eyes closed and I wrapped my hand around the base of his cock. "mmmm..yes" he whispered but only so I could hear it. Slowly my hand stroked his cock to life. It wasn't long before he was at full staff. It was then I noticed the tip of his cock poking up out of the water. At full staff he was 12" easily. His girth was like Josh but the length was, well...wow. 
