 It's Saturday night. I'm out with my boys in the bar. I'm sipping my drink trying not to stare at him as I watch him with his friends, laughing and having a good time. My friends are talking at me, but I don't hear a word they say. I'm focused on him, though I'm trying not to be. I can still taste him on my lips from the night before, feel him on my cock.

I'm trying not to notice him. But I still see him from the corner of my eye. He's with his friends. I'm with mine. I can't help stealing glances at him as my friends chatter incessantly about something I could give a damn about. I feel so empty inside without him in me. I feel so strange without him touching me, holding me, when he's so close.

My blood is boiling inside. That mother fucking preppy bitch keeps touching him. I want to bust through the crowd and yank his hands off my boy. It's my cock he'll be sucking and riding tonight. It's my cum that will be coating him inside and out. It's my arms he'll fall asleep in tonight, when he's exhausted from the sexual pleasure that only I can give.

I'm so uncomfortable. This gym bunny label whore keeps grabbing my ass. At first I just played it off, but now he's getting handsie, and my supposed friends are only encouraging it. I keep swatting his hands away, but he thinks I'm only being coy or playing hard to get. The man I want to be with is across the room. I'm pleading with him with my eyes to just scoop me up and take me back to his place where we'll end up sweaty and naked together.

My boys are talking to me about some big booty ho they want to hook me up with. I could give a rat's ass. What I want is across the room and I'm hungry for it. I'm nursing my drink, trying to keep from doing something that we both want. Something that will change our dynamic, but we'll never regret. He's obviously not into that punk pawing at him like some cat toy. Why aren't his friend's stopping it?

"Stop." I finally say with a bit of venom in my voice as I move away, tired of battling the octopus. My friends just smile and bring me back to the group where he "apologizes". He orders me a fresh drink and then things are quiet for a bit. I nurse the drink as we all talk some more. Then he grabs my ass and tries to kiss me. Rage flows through me. Everything is automatic. I slap his face away and then shower him with the drink.

"What the fuck." I snarl, setting my empty glass down, I get up from the table. My boys are all confused. I make my way through the crowd, leaving a trail of pissed off people in my make. I'm by his side in an instance. He looks up at me and smiles as I pull him to my side. He hugs me close as the messy queen poses to strike. "You got a problem with my boy, here?"

I prepare for retaliation when I feel myself being pulled by familiar strong arms. I don't give a fuck now as I wrap my arms around him. I feel safe, as I look up at his handsome face. My would-be attacker pauses as he sees me holding on for dear life to the only man I want. He and my friends give pause as they try to make sense of it all. The bar is has grown quiet, watching the drama unfold.

"The little tease threw a drink in my face." He hisses unsure of who this man is. "He ruined my outfit."

I sneer. "That man you called a tease is my boyfriend." I let those words sink in, to me, to him and the drenched bitch in front of me. Such a weight is lifted from my shoulders as I finally say the words, accept the situation for what it is. "And you were disrespecting him. Don't do it again." I make him flinch as I jump at him.

He called me his boyfriend. My heart is racing. I want to strip him out of those clothes right now and show him what those words do to me. The shock and disgust is evident in the faces of my so called friends. I could give a damn and hold back a chuckle as they flinch from him. I reach up and take his face in my hands and guide those wonderful lips down to my mouth.

I can hear cheers erupting as my boy, no, my man kisses me. I do my best not to muss his clothing but I have to get him out of here soon. I break the kiss and look into those beautiful innocent eyes. "Come on, baby, come sit with me and my boys." This time the crowd parts as I guide him back to my table, leaving the wet cat and his entourage to their mess.

When we get back to the table, his friends are silent as we sit down. One of his friends returns from the bar and sits two drinks down before the two of us. He gives a toothy grin before saying. "About damn time you settle down." The table erupts in laughter as I snuggle close to... to my boyfriend. They're nice to me, to us.

My boys are cool as shit with this. Hell they are asking him if he knows any other thick white boys that might enjoy being treated right. My man blushes as he says, "Those bitches weren't real friends. Sides you'd have to pry the stick out from their ass before you could get in." We all laugh and joke as they get to know my man. We finish our drinks then make our excuses to leave. My boys grin. They know what's up.

In his car, I turn and look at him, taking his hand in mine. "Did you mean that?" I ask, needing the certainty of it all. "When you called me your boyfriend?"

Those puppy dog eyes get me every time. I lean over and whisper softly, "If I said it, I meant it." And then I kiss him with softly.

Back at his place it's a frenzy of kissing and stripping as he pulls my clothes from me. I'm naked, my legs and arms wrapped around him. He tongues my mouth with pent up desire. He won't let me undress him. He knows once he's naked we aren't going any further. He carries me to the bedroom, lays me down on the bed. Reluctantly he breaks the kiss to undress himself.

I pull my clothes off with a rush, tossing them to the floor with no care. I have to have him. I'm naked before him I, the one man who can destroy me with a word or bring me up with another. I'm on top of him enjoying the feeling of him underneath me. I look into those Cheshire cat eyes of his. "What are you thinking?"

"Just how wicked I'm feeling." Before he can register what I am doing, I have him on his back. He's surprised by my hidden strength. I clamp onto his nipple and flick it, suck it and tease it for all my worth. My hands are roaming his muscled chest as I send shivers of pleasure through him. I now my man, and I'm going to show him how appreciative I am for him.

"That boy is stronger than he looks." I laugh to myself before I let out a groan of pleasure at the flickering tongue on my nipple. One nipple then the next, he gives them both such special attention. All I can do is allow him to as I enjoy it as I moan. He's ferocious in his actions, as I moan a soft, "yeah, baby, do that for your man."

I kiss my way down his body. I'm between his legs and I rub my face all through his groin, marking myself with his scent, his smell. After tonight, people a mile away will know that I am his, and he is mine. I swallow one ball then the other, taking delicate care to wash each one methodically with my tongue. I can feel my prize swimming and struggling to break free. His hand is fisted in my hair as he moans his approval as I shine his jewels.

My man has let loose. He's got skills he's never shown me before. Before I know what he's got planned, he's swallowed my nine inch beer cock without any effort. He slides up to lay sideways, giving me access to that delicious booty. My hand roams that bubble with treasured care. His orchestrated manipulations of my cock in his throat, are teasing and coaxing me.

His hand is on my ass, caressing my plumpness. I do squats on a daily just to maintain it for him, and only him. His touch is soft, yet firm as he slides a finger against my hole. He strokes it gently. I purr like a kitten around his long thick cock. I take it down to the hilt with practiced ease. That's when I feel him move me on top of him, his cock wedged perfectly in my throat my ass inches from his face.

I pull him on top of me, and spread him wide, exposing his love palace before me. Those lips, still puffy from the night before, beg me to taste of his sweet, sweet treat. I dive into his bakery and taste every selection he has for me. I gnaw and chew gently, feasting on his white powdered doughnut. I want his taste all over my mouth. I want to taste him for days after this.

I'm being spit roasted, literally, by my man. His tongue in my ass, his cock in my throat. I bounce back and forth trying to get him further in me. He's driving me into a sexual frenzy. I can't stand it anymore, I have to have him, have him truly own me as his. I have no second thoughts. No hesitations. I want, no need to be impaled on his dick.

My feast leaves me with a wet plop. He's straddling me with that look again. He lowers himself down on me. Raw and wet. There are no barriers between us now. I slide easily into his tunnel. My eyes roll back as I feel the velvety flesh pull me in deeper and deeper. I'm full on, buried in him as he nestled like a mama hen on top of my balls. His back arches as he feels me fill him.

I'm paralyzed with pleasure as he touches me deep inside. My head falls back with a groan of undeniable delight. I feel his hands on my hips while he slowly guides me up and down his spit slicked pole. My senses come back to me and I take control again, riding him like a race horse, clinging to him for dear life. I'm bouncing so hard, I can hear the strain of the bed below us, but it does not stop me from winning this race.

I hear the bed below me groan from distress. My man is on me. He's a beast as he takes control to give me that decadence. I feel myself ready to burst as I bite my lower lip with a growling grunt. He's ready to sacrifice himself on my volcanic eruption, have me breed him, and take him as mine for now and always. I cannot, will not deny him this. "I'm going to blow." I warn, just to give him a way out.

His words only encourage me to ride harder, faster. I can feel him expand in me, then the throbbing pulses of his cock in me. Then with a howl and a crash, I feel that warm liquid love blast into me as we come crashing down onto the floor. I don't stop. I milk him for every last drop he has to give. I'm going to savior him for every drop that he has brewed for me.

I don't give a fuck as the mattress hits the ground. I'm remodeling my man's inside, starting with a fresh paint job. I pulse as I flex in him. I stare up at him with pride and ownership and see the surprise in his eyes as he begins to tremble. I'm not sure what is going on till I feel the scolding hot blasts smoother my chest as he does the improbable.

It's too much. I can't hold it back and I can't even fathom that he's doing this to me. My balls draw up and explode from me, coating him with my load. My body trembles as I tighten down on him. Jet after jet of my cum blast across me, forth, creating my own special artwork on his chest. I'm week with spent desire as I collapse onto him, into his arms.

I wrap him in my arms with tender care. I kiss him softly on the forehead as he pants from the exhaustion. "You little bitch." I almost laugh as I snuggle him close to me, paying no mind to the stickiness growing between us. "You broke my bed." I almost laugh. He stifles a giggle as he buries himself in me.

He feels so good against me and then he makes me laugh. My face is red with embarrassment and pride. I take my face from his chest and look him dead in the eye. "Do you think they have a frequent buyer's program? Or should we look into reinforcing the bed with lug nuts?"

"I don't think they do. We better look into the lug nuts thing." I laugh at his words, and pull him down for a kiss. I stroke his soft delicate face as we embrace the afterglow. There are so many words unsaid that flow between us. My little vixen is dosing off to sleep with contentment as I stroke his body. Soon sleep takes me too and I don't even give a damn about the sticky mess that lingers on our skin.