 It was the 1980s. I had just turned 18 a few days prior and I was waiting outside a friend's work for him to punch out. There was a sex book shop a few doors down from his restaurant that I'd seen before. We'd joked about it, but I never really gave it much thought. I had about an hour to kill, so I said what the hell and went inside.

My plan was to browse a little, see what a sex book shop was all about, and leave. Maybe tell my friend about what I'd seen and about the creeps that were in there and have a good laugh about it.

When I walked in, I was struck by how sparse the place was. The store was pretty big, but it

looked almost empty. There were books on shelves on the walls, but there were no shelving units anywhere else on the floor. It was a big open room.

Looking around, there was a counter with a cash register in the corner opposite the door I had just walked in. It was right up against the large front window, which was frosted. No one could see inside and looking outside, you could see shapes moving around, but no defining features.

There were no signs like you might see in a regular bookstore or even old time video shop,

showing what the categories are: romance, action etc. But as I looked around, it was clear the books were grouped into sections.

Before I move on, I'd like to tell you a little about myself at that time, and about the time period in which this was all taking place.

Right off the top, I said this was the 80s. Of course, there was no internet, so to get access to porn, one had to physically go out to a brick and mortar building and buy it. Either in magazine form, book form or video form.

I had purchased a few Playboy and Penthouse magazines from my local convenience store

over the years, but I'd never been in a place like this. 

I had entertained thoughts of gay sex and had masturbated while fantasizing about guys, but I had never really taken it seriously. I'd never purchased Playgirl magazines or anything like that. That would have been weird and embarrassing. I was just a regular straight teenager, after all. Nothing to see here.

In fact, I didn't know any actual gay people and it was not something anyone talked about

anyway, especially in high school. Of course, we'd joked or used the word gay as an insult, but that was it.

There was a burgundy curtain near the back of the store, a doorway to another section. I can't remember whether there was any sign to indicate what was behind the curtain. 

During my few minutes inside the store I had seen someone, a young man a little older than me, long blond hair, with glasses and skinny walk through those curtains. He didn't look like an employee. He seemed to be just another customer, maybe looking a little embarrassed to be there.

After a few more minutes of perusing the books and magazines, I noticed someone coming out from behind the curtains. He was in his 30s or 40s and chubby. He walked straight out of the store without looking around. 

Now, I was a little curious. Maybe there was another section of reading material back there. Maybe they kept the tame stuff out here and the good stuff in back. Maybe it was just the bathroom. Maybe I was wrong and it was an employees only area. 

I decided I was going to check it out. If anyone asked, I'd say I thought it was just another part of the store and apologize and leave. 

I walked slowly towards the curtain. It was wavy like a curtain you'd see on a stage at a theatre production. It had an opening in the middle, so using the backs of my hands I parted it and walked through.

The lighting was low and had a red tinge. My eyes took a few seconds to adjust to the darkness. When I was able to see again, I had a pretty good idea what was this place was.

There were eight stalls similar to department store changing rooms, four on the wall opposite the red curtain I just walked through and four on the wall adjacent to and on either side of the curtains. 

The area was small, enough for only a door to open between the stalls. On each end was a bench, big enough for only one person. The bench to my left was empty, but someone was sitting on the bench to the right: the young, skinny blond man with glasses.

He nodded at me and then tilted his head towards one of the stalls that I now saw had green and red lights above the doors. Most were green, but two of the eight were red.

I had a vague idea what he wanted. I shook my head. I didn't think I was quite ready for what he had in mind. 

I did, however, wasn't to see what was inside the stalls. I opened the door to one of the green ones and walked in. There was a bench, about five feet wide opposite the door and a machine that accepted coins on one side.

I sat down on the bench, not sure what to expect and looked around. Above the door was a TV. I quickly put 2 and 2 together and realized this was a peep show booth where people watched movies and masturbated.

I fished out some quarters from my pocket and inserted one into the box to my right. The TV instantly came to life showing a closeup. A penis was thrusting in and out of a very hairy vagina. Being the teenager I was, I got hard pretty quickly and started rubbing myself through my jeans.

The guy on screen came on the woman's bush after a few seconds and I was soon watching two other people talking to each other in horrible, stilted porn dialog. I quickly got soft again. 

While waiting for the next sex scene to start, I took in my surroundings. There was a roll of half used paper towel on a small shelf to my left and a garbage, filled with paper towels, underneath it.

The coin machine to my right, I noticed, had a big green button on it. Just above it was a pictogram of a woman, a slash and a pictogram of a man. I pressed it.

The TV was now showing a large hairy man, masturbating on a cheap motel bed. Another man was standing next to the bed, unbuttoning his shirt. My penis was starting to harden up again, a lot. 

Then, the screen went blank. Fuck! A quarter, I need another quarter. I pulled a handful out of my pocket and laid them down next to the coin machine. I inserted one and the man continued to unbutton his shirt, revealing a very smooth muscular chest. 

The guy sitting on the bench outside the stalls, could be still be there? I stood up, adjusted myself and pulled the door open slowly. I looked to my left. No one. I looked to my right and he was there. 

"I've had a change of heart," I said and motioned with my finger for him to join me. He stood up, silently and walked toward me. I moved out of the way so he could get into the stall and closed the door behind us.

The two men on the screen were now fully naked and lying on the bed. They were kissing and the muscular man was rubbing the hairy man's chest.

The skinny blond man standing in front of me looked up and started rubbing himself through his pants. He didn't seem to be about to make a move on me. My heart was pounding. I was feeling flush and sat down in case I was about to faint.

I was now sitting in front of this man, my face at about his chest level. My cock was hard as a rock. I reached out and touched his stomach through his tshirt. I lifted up his tshirt a little and put my hand on his bare skin. It was warm.

I let my hand fall so that I was touching his hand as he moved it up and down, slowly. He moved his hand away and I took over rubbing him through his pants. He was hard. His cock was large. 

He moved a little closer to me and put his hand on my crotch. I didn't think my cock could get any harder, but it did. He rubbed a little up and down and side to side. It felt so good. 

I needed to touch his actual cock. I needed to feel his warm penis in my hand. I had to have it.

I unbuttoned his jeans and carefully pulled down his zipper. I pulled his pants down to below his knees and touched him through his underwear. I pulled his underwear down and his cock bounced out.

Other than my own, this was the first time I'd ever seen an erect penis, face to face. It was much bigger than mine. Both longer and fatter.

It stuck out, pointing straight at me. I grasped it and started moving my hand back and forth. The man, who's name I didn't know, had never seen before and will never see again, threw how head back and thrust a little into my hand.

As I jerked him off with one hand, I got to work on my pants with the other. It was awkward with one hand but I managed to get my pants and underwear down around my knees. My cock was sticking straight up, harder than ever, but he still had his head back and didn't notice.

I stood up, took his hand and placed it on my cock. He took the cue and began masturbating me. This felt so much better than I'd ever felt doing it myself.

Everything went dark. The TV screen turned off. It was as hungry for another quarter. I reached for one and inserted it in the slot and the screen started up again. A woman was pleasuring herself with a large dildo. I pressed the green button and the two men were back on screen. The hairy man was sucking on the muscular man's hard-on.

Spurred by what I was seeing in screen, I sat back down so I was closer to his cock, opened my mouth and took in as much as I could. My mouth was wet on him and I swirled my tongue around his head.

I had never gotten or given a blowjob before, so I wasn't quite sure what to do. I kept swirling my tongue around his cock head as I watched the screen above. The hairy man was moving his whole mouth and head up and down on the muscular man's dick, so I started to do the same.

I sucked his penis while moving my head up and down on it. Soon, he began thrusting himself into my mouth. He put his hands on the back of my head and started... fucking my face. That was the only way to describe it.

He was big and it was hard for me to take more than about half in my mouth. He kept pushing further in. When I started to gag, he pulled back a little, but kept fucking hard at my 18 year old mouth.

I put my hands on his ass and squeezed his skinny butt cheeks as he kept ramming his hard as rock dick into my mouth. I was loving this, and so was he, clearly. 

I began to move my fingers towards his asshole and pulled his cheeks apart. I took one hand away, slipped a finger in my mouth next to his thrusting cock to wet it. I went back to his ass and inserted my middle finger.

He seemed to be pushing faster now that I had a finger inside him. I moved it around in there, feeling the skin inside his ass and he started grunting.

"Unhhh, ohhh."

I was fucking him with my finger now to the same rhythm that he was fucking my face. His hands went to my shoulders as he thrust, massaging with his thumbs.

"Oh, fuck," he moaned. "Mmmmm."

He shoved in one more time. Harder and farther than before. I gagged again. He thrust again and then his cum started coming out. At first it was just warmth at the back of my throat, then my mouth started filling up. It was salty and sweet.

He pulled his penis out of my mouth and milked himself on my face. He had one, two, three strong jets of cum. One hit me on the cheek. I caught the other two on my tongue. Then his orgasm slowed and I took the rest in my mouth.

*

... stay tuned for part 2 (soon, I hope) when he helps me get my rocks off.