 Dallas was my next door neighbor and he just turned 19 about 2 months ago in the summer. He lived with his dad, mom, uncle and his grandparents. His uncle's name is Daniel. I always had a feeling Daniel was gay because of the stuff he did around me. Ever since I was 16 and developed my nice body, Daniel was always doing stuff when no one was around. He was always bumping into me when I was bending over, pretending to do me in the ass and his excuse was always the same. 

"Whoops, sorry I didn't see you there" and he would always smile at me. 

Since Dallas had a pool, I was invited over to swim during the summer and Daniel would always come out and hop into the pool too. He would just lie out in the sun or get in and swim a little but that was until I turned 18. Once I was an adult, he got in the pool more and always insisted that we played football, slam dunk each other, chicken, or play Marco polo. Marco polo doesn't seem like a big idea but Daniel always cheats in order to find me and he always tried to grab my junk and butt. I only had my accusations and since it was just a game, I couldn't really go out and try to get the cops called on him. Their family and cops don't mix since over the years they've been calling the cops mostly on the neighbors so I didn't want to start any trouble. It was awkward to me (since I was still straight back then) and he really enjoyed it when it was just me and him at his house.

When everyone else had left for a game of Dallas', he had knocked on my door and said he had some jobs for me if I needed some money. My parents had forced me over there because I was always complaining about not having enough money. I would do whatever Daniel would tell me to do and he would sit out in a lawn chair in his backyard while I slaved over the yard work. Afterwards, I really needed to cool down since I was so hot. He would then be in the pool and invite me in to relax. I always wanted to try and go home but he always had me work my ass off on the hottest days so I just got a pair of Dallas' shorts and would swim in the pool. After I got in and cooled down, Daniel would be naked and would sneak up on me and rip off my shorts and then hold then above his head. I went over to him embarrassed, and would reach up for my shorts. I felt I never learned to stop this but that was my only clothing because I wasn't going to get out of the pool naked because of the neighbors might see me since some houses you can see parts of the pool on the 2nd story. I would always climb on top of his legs so I would be on my shins on top of his upper leg and try to reach for my shorts since I was taller. He would always slide his dick through my cheeks, rubbing my asshole in trying to get himself off.

"Oh Clay, how do you like my dick on your ass?" he would ask me.

I felt embarrassed and disgusted by this while I tried to reach for my shorts and escape the pool. I would always end up grabbing my shorts, slip them on and get out of the pool, thinking Daniel was a sick freak and hoping it would never happen again. One time I tried to avoid it by going to shower inside his house. It was a bad idea because shortly after I was in, Daniel was right up the steps trying to peak at me through the cracks of the door. He came in and stole my clothes and then went back to his room. I was aggravated but just kept showering for another few minutes before I tried to retrieve my clothes. With a towel wrapped around me, I barged into his room to find him jacking off to the though of me and him making love and he screamed my name while starring at me. I felt offended and grabbed my clothes and got dressed before leaving the house. Ever since then, I felt that he was a huge creep until after I had sex with Jason. and now thinking about it, I was wishing for another chance for that to happen to me again and see where it takes me. It's been cooled down for a while until my chance came on a hot day. 

It was about 103 degrees out and Dallas had left with his family (except Daniel) in order to win his game of football. I had been watching as Dallas' family left in their car. I was home alone too so now it was just waiting time. About a half hour later, Daniel comes to my house as usual and knocks to get me. I answer the door to his surprise.

"Oh, hey Clay. Do you need some extra money?" he asked.

"Well, I hate to say it but yeah I do" I groaned, trying to make it seem that everything was normal.

"I have some outside jobs for you to do today" Daniel told me and we both walked to his backward.

I checked Daniel out on they way there and he looked like himself, an average white, short blond, 35 year old guy with a little bit of a beer gut from partying but that didn't stop him from still being sexy. Once in the backyard, I got started on the work. I had mowed the lawn, weed-whacked the plants, and started to clean the dog pin they have next to their garage, all the while Daniel laid out in a lawn chair to watch me. Once I finished the dog pin, Daniel was swimming in the pool and requested for me to get in and cool off. As normal, I felt hot, tired, and overworked so I went inside, grabbed a pair of Dallas' shorts and went swimming. The water felt refreshing and allowed for me to relax. I went swimming under the water, not knowing where I was going when I felt soft hands rub me all over my chest and stomach. I knew Daniel was ready to make me feel sexually harassed again as he kept touching me and as normal, I swam away from wherever he was as fast as I could. I came back up for air to find Daniel smiling at me, wanting me so badly. I was starting to want him but I didn't want to go to fast so I acted how I normally would and gave him a dirty look. He looked at me slyly before I went under and started to swim again. When I came back up, I noticed he was out of the pool heading into the house. He was in there for quite a while before he came back with my clothes and a key. He went to the garage, set my clothes down, took off his shorts so his was naked and locked the door.

I was a little bit pissed off because this was a new tactic and I didn't want for my clothes to get dirty.

"What the hell are you doing?" I asked him.

He just smiled at me as he went back inside to put the key up. He came back out and jumped into the pool and started to swim around like it was just another day. I was unsure of his plan but I had to keep to what I was doing and so I acted my best to remain how I normally would. When I was paying attention, Daniel ripped off my shorts again but this time he threw them on top of the garage.

"Now what are you going to do?" he laughed.

I was shocked because this was a new low for him but still tried to remain cool.

"What the hell is your problem?" I asked him a little bit aggravated.

"I can give you a boost up" he hinted me.

I knew that if he did he was either going to rub his cock through my ass cheeks again or he might try to suck me off. Either way I looked at him in disgust as I shook my head no. I went towards him as he cupped his hands. I put my foot on his hands and tried to reach for my shorts on the roof since the pool was so close to the garage. As I was reaching up, I was standing on his upper legs when next thing I know, he sticks my cock in his mouth. I knew something was coming but to keep the gag going I looked down at him in surprise. He looked up at me as he tried to take me all in his mouth. I was semi-hard now and was about 6 and a half inches length.

"Dude!" I said to him.

He just looked at me as he licked the tip of my penis head. I couldn't hold back the intense feelings I was hiding so I fell back into the pool and sprang up out of the water. He started to move over towards me and held me close to him.

"Did you like that?" he asked me softly.

"Well...I mean...uh" I answered and started to blush.

"I'll take that as a yes" Daniel said.

He leaned forward and kissed me fully on the lips. I felt like I was going to melt away on how hot our lips touched. My erection started to grow to full extent under the water along with Daniel's as they crossed. It had to be a minute before he was done and I felt really weak. Daniel smiled at me as he let go and slowly pushed me back to the wall. I was still in a daze before realizing what Daniel was doing. He started to lift me up so I would be sitting on him, facing him and he was about to fuck me when I stopped him.

"Wait!" I interrupted as I came out of the daze. "You're moving a little fast...don't you want some jobs completed for you first?"

Daniel smiled at me and backed off from trying to get it in me in the pool.

"Go ahead" he told me. 

I slowly followed him to the middle of the pool as we came close. We started to kiss again as he pulled me closer to him, making the kiss more passionate. He slid his tongue into my mouth and grabbed my ass. He started to tease me with his tongue before he let me go. I swam away from him as he stepped back and then I turned back to him and swam towards him underwater. I came close to him and started to suck his cock. His dick was about 10 inches long and was thick like Jason's. I wrapped a hand around him and tried my best to sit on my knees as I started to blow him. I was going at it for about 45 seconds while I could feel him looking down at me before I had to come back up for air. He kissed me again and slowly walked back to the ladder. He sat himself on top of the ladder and leaned back as I swam over to him and took his dick back into my mouth. He had me look at him as I went up and down on his huge dick. I floated back and forth and opened my mouth as wide as I could each time to get as much as I could of him pass my lips. I took him out of my mouth and lick the underside of his cock a few times before I went back to sucking him.

Daniel stood up and again and got out of the pool, wanting for me to follow him. We went inside and dried off with towels from his bathroom before we went to his bedroom. Once we got inside, he pushed me down onto the bed and climbed on top of me. He started to make out with me again as he laid on top of me, swapping spit. He was rubbing his hands all over my body as I was rubbing his ass with my hands and running them down his ass crack. He slipped his tongue into my mouth and made out with me passionately. I had my eyes close, feeling the horny sensation Daniel was dying to have with me. He wrapped his arm around me and I wrapped my legs around his waist, pulling each other closer and even more horny. He made the first move by kissing down my neck and moved straight down to my dick.

He started to lick the underside of my cock sideways before starting to blow me. My hand moved to the back of his head as he was going down on me. It felt amazing as he moved his head this way and that way, intensifying the blowjob. His hair was soft as I brushed my hand through it, starting to let out a moan. Daniel began to play with my balls, sucking each one and massaging them before going back to the dick sucking. He was moving his head up and down at a steadily pace, building up the cum in my balls. He started to play with my nipples while sucking, getting them hard and he stuck his tongue into my piss slit. I began to breathe more heavily as he stopped, making me want more.

Daniel climbed back up on top of me and rolled us over so he was on his back and he moved my head down at his dick. I was licking around his nut-sack while he jerked himself off. He stopped and started to beat me in the face with his meat and I began to blow him. I moved slow at first, giving the tip of his cock head special attention before moving up and down his shaft. He was moaning slightly the whole time and he was rotating his head. I took him all the way in, letting out more moans. His fat dick had spread my lips wide before taking him out and jerking him off. I licked his dick over and over, bringing as much saliva out of my mouth as I could. I started to jack him off furiously while I put his balls in my mouth, massaging each one.

"You like sucking those balls?" Daniel asked with a smile.

I smiled at him as I kept jacking him off while playing with his nuts. I took him back in as he forced me down on him again. He was choking me and let me go as I needed to breathe. I kissed his cock and spat on it while blowing him. He started to smack his penis against my lips and then made me choke on him again. He pushed my head up and down on his cock, making me gag almost every time and finally released me with a spit trail coming from his tip to my lips. He was moaning before he had us switch positions. He laid on his back on the bed and I got in between his legs and went back to sucking him off again. I went up and down on him slowly and I could feel the pre-cum rising out of his piss slit and I rubbed it around my mouth. He moved his hips up and down while I sucked his dick. This had gone on for a few minutes before he decided to go even further with our sexual encounter.

I crawled up next to him and he turned onto his side. He lifted one leg over his waist and sat up more to get comfortable. My asshole was more exposed as he started to get his fingers dripping with saliva before fingering me. At first it was with his middle fingering slowly moving in and out of me as I slowly rubbed my cock like my ass was a wet pussy. He started to kiss me again as he went on finger fucking me. My dick was rock hard and hurt a little as it rubbed against friction because of the blood in my penis. He added another finger into my bum and I loosened up a little. Daniel added two more fingers into my rectum, making my hole wider. I let out a small moan and looked over at him, kissing his neck up and down. He went faster a few seconds at a time and slowed down. He did this a few times before getting ready to fuck me.

I rolled over on top of him and I sat with his dick rubbing through my cheeks again. He had me lean forward and he grabbed my cheeks and spread them apart as I rubbed my hole up and down on his shaft. He was applying the lube as he kissed up and down my neck but he didn't apply a condom, letting me know he was planning to plow me bareback. He lifted up his upper legs and I slid mine under his to keep myself in place later. He was rubbing my sides as I kept rubbing my dick on his cock as we continued to kiss.

"I'm ready" I told him.

"I am too" he told me.

I slowly sat down on his dick as he pushed it inside of me. I moaned as his fat meat slowly slid inside my anus and stretched it out. I was uncomfortable at first like how I was with Jason when he was about to fuck me because his dick was so big so he gave my ass some time to adjust. After I was ready, I began to bounce up and down on his dick and he grabbed my hips, holding me steady.

"Your cock is so big" I moaned.

"Oh yeah?" Daniel asked with a smile.

"Yeah" I agreed. "I love it!"

We started to fuck as I slightly bounced up and down on his dick. He had a hold of me a little bit higher than my hips and gazed into my eyes. We went faster and I started to moan more. 

"Oh yeah! AH! OH!" I enjoyed.

I sat forward a little bit more to where I was a little more on my knees. He grabbed my ass and held it in place while he began to pick up the pace, ramming his dick into my butt. I started to sweat after the first few minutes of us romping on his bed as I kept my ass cheeks spread while he laid back and continued to plow me. He was getting deeper and deeper with each thrust. He held me again and I had to hold onto the headboard for support. Daniel was really getting into it as the pace of his fucking got faster and faster, at a pace I didn't know any guy could go that fast.

I began to moan louder and louder while all he could do was just see the fiery pleasure in my eyes.

"OH! Oh! AH!!" I was yelling.

He was slamming me like no guy had ever done so before and his mood changed to be very lustful. He slowed down on the fucking as I rode him slowly before we started to go faster again. My dick was bouncing up and down against his stomach as he fucked me with deep thrust. We were going at this for about 15 minutes with me holding on the headboard or his legs while he gripped me from my ass to my hips, slamming me down on his huge dick. My hole was eating this tight action as I leaned in very close to his face. I had my hands on his chest as he kept banging me and I was screaming as loud as I could on how pleasurable the sex was getting to be. We had eventually stopped and we were both out of breath from the raw sex and my ass was on fire. Daniel's body glistens with sweat and he looked so sexy still. I collapsed on top of him, as we had to regain energy.

After about 10 minutes, Daniel had flipped me on my back and had a hold of me by my legs and he started to drill me. We fucked like this for another few minutes when he slammed his dick deep inside of me a few times. He pulled out while jerking off his dick and came on my ass.

"Oh yeah!! FUCK!!" he moaned as he was shooting his load all over.

After he finished, he rolled me over so I was sitting on his chest and I jerked myself off quickly, releasing my cum all over his sexy lips and chin. I was lying on top of Daniel as we licked my cum clean away.

"Finally..."Daniel had started off. "I got to fuck you!"

"I-know" I answered him, out of breath. "That was hot!"

We laid their silently and I laid my head on his chest, hearing his heart beat rapidly. About a half hour past before I moved a muscle when he stopped me from getting up.

"Tomorrow...I might need some more yard work done" he told me.

"I can't wait to do them" I replied with a smile.

"I guess this means you're not straight after all" he told me.

"Nope, and I'm proud not to be" I answered.

We both laid on the bed for a while before I had returned home, knowing that this wasn't going to be the end of Daniel's needs.