 The following story uses derogatory terms for gay men. If this offends you do not read any further. 

This is my first story. Any feedback is appreciated.

*****

I was in the Emergency room at Mercy Hospital having brought my elderly mother in. While we waited for a doctor, the nurse came in. A tiny Filipino man. At about only 5'3" maybe 120 lbs, boy almost felt like the right description. Of course he was a nurse so he wasn't a boy. With me being 6'3" 200 lbs, I literally towered over him. 

Nurses scrubs, the loose fitting uniform they wear, tend to create an almost androgynous effect on the person wearing them. The bodies all tend to look alike and the only way to tell male from female is by their faces. In this case despite being a guy he had delicate almost effeminate facial features. Beautiful big dark eyes, full soft lips, perfectly curved eyebrows, and short black hair which didn't seem to have a single strand out of place. My Gaydar was going off like a siren in my head.

"My name is Matthew I will be your nurse this evening. So what has brought you in tonight" he asked my Mother with a typical sing song Filipino accent. 

She explained her symptoms and he then asked me to step outside of the room while he performed a preliminary examination and obtained all her vital signs. From outside I could hear their voices but not make out the words. Interspersed throughout the conversation I could hear little moments of laughter. It was obvious he was putting her at ease. He came out of the room and said I could go in. She had a smile on her face, which is hard to get someone to do in an Emergency room. 

Over the next few hours the doctor came in a couple of times, but Matthew was in as often as he could be to check on her. Eventually it was decided that my Mother needed to be admitted for more tests and I accompanied her upstairs when a room became available. 

After getting her settled I left for the evening and had to walk back through Emergency since my car was parked over there. Shift change had just occurred and I ran into Matthew as he was getting ready to leave. I stopped to thank him for all his help over the last few hours. 

He said, "No problem it is always nice to help good people like your mother." 

Looking at him now out of his scrubs he was freshly showered and dressed simply. He wore a pair of jeans and a white long sleeve shirt with the top two buttons undone enough to show a typically hairless Pinoy chest. As I looked into those incredible eyes, my cock started to get hard. 

Although I am a taller than the average man, not everything is proportional. My cock is "almost" average. Only two inches when soft and growing to not quite five and a half inches when it is hard. Not that he would have any idea how big it was when it was soft. As at that time all five and a half inches were on display. It was pushing against my khaki pants as I spoke to this sexy little Asian. 

I decided to see if I could find a premise to get him to go out with me. I asked if I could buy him a drink as a thank you for everything he had done for us today. He said it wasn't necessary as he was just doing his job. 

Then he turned things around and took the lead by saying, "If you want to buy me drinks because you want to spend more time with me then I would love to have some drinks with you." 

I indicated I definitely wanted to spend more time with him and we made arrangements to meet at a bar near his condo. 

We spent a couple of hours at the bar talking, drinking and getting to know each other. He led the conversation asking penetrating aggressive questions about me. For most of that time my cock was sticking straight up in my pants. 

This is the place where many of my potential relationships take a wrong turn. Our world is filled with many stereotypes. One of those stereotypes in the gay community is that the taller more physically masculine man is more assertive in the relationship and usually the Top in the bedroom. 

The fact of the matter is that socially and sexually I tend to be extremely submissive. It's great when my lover tells me to undress him. Or directs me to get on my knees, in order to either suck his cock or take it up the ass. And let's be honest it's so cliché to describe Asian people as submissive. 

So according to what society expects, now is when I, as the masculine white guy, was supposed to push for him, the almost feminine submissive Asian guy, to come home with me to be my bottom for the night. As usual I was very uncomfortable at this point.

Matthew, however, leaned in, placed his mouth right next to my left ear and said, "I have been noticing that hard little bulge in your pants for a couple of hours now. Come with me to my place and all will be taken care of." 

Then he licked around my ear with his tongue and nibbled on the lobe a couple of times. My ears are an intense erogenous zone for me. Many guys would have been offended by his implication that their cock was small, but the truth is I get turned on by verbal humiliation. Everything he was doing was pushing all of my buttons perfectly.

I got up and instantly started walking toward the door. As I did he slapped my butt hard. He left his hand cupping my ass as we walked out. I was literally turning into putty in his hands. Right there in public I was becoming his bitch - and I loved it.

We got to his condo door and I followed him in as he unlocked it. His jeans were tight fitting and my eyes were glued to his magnificent little ass as we walked in. The door opened into his living room and we both walked over to the couch and sat next to each other. 

Instantly he grabbed the back of my head, pulled my lips down to his and started kissing me. I love kissing, and this guy knew what he was doing. His tongue was dancing in my mouth and his lips were all over mine. Make no mistake this was not tender. He was in charge. And we both knew it. At this point with my arms wrapped around him, his hand started rubbing my cock through my pants. 

He pulled back from my lips and said, "I think it is time to get a look at your little friend." 

Again taking a shot at the size of my cock as he started to get my pants off. I found this a little strange. It is conventional to assume that Asian men usually have smaller cocks than, well pretty much everybody. So why would he keep bringing up talk about small cocks. I decided he was probably over compensating for what I was going to see when his pants came off.

I pulled my t-shirt over my head as he unzipped my pants and pulled them off, along with my briefs, all in one motion. My cock stood straight up against my stomach. Not a six pack, but not much extra fat either. My cock was as hard as it had ever been. Trying as hard as it could to find an extra half inch in length to make it to six inches.

Matthew looked at it and demeaningly said, "It's so cute." 

He slowly stroked his small hand up and down the shaft. Then, as he was still sitting beside me, he wrapped his thick lips over the head and went all the way down on it in one motion. As his head came back up his tongue swirled around the tip before he once again swallowed my whole cock. He slowly bobbed up and down for about thirty seconds while massaging my balls with his hand and my cock with his tongue. Pre-cum started flowing like a river out of my cock and into his mouth. He lifted his head and kissed me again. His tongue coated thick with my pre-cum. 

Having been next to this sexy man for hours now every nerve in my cock was at attention. It was good that he stopped sucking or I would've ended up blowing my load right then. And I wanted more that this night. 

Matthew now stood up about four feet away from the couch and faced me. He unbuttoned his shirt, and dropping his arms to his side, let it fall to the ground behind him. He had flawless tanned skin with no fat anywhere on his body. His chest was almost completely flat with only a little hint of definition below his beautiful mocha brown nipples. 

Then staring directly at me with those deep dark eyes he pointed between his feet and said, "On your knees bitch."

If anyone walked in right at that moment, this scene might have appeared almost comical. This small Asian femboy demanding that a white guy a foot taller than he was, get on his knees to suck his cock. But over the last few hours with me Matthew had certainly figured out how passive and obedient I was. He knew that what I wanted was to give him pleasure while he Dominated me. Like any good Dom/sub encounter we would give the other what each needed. 

I got on my knees between his legs where I belonged; he said, "Take off my pants only." 

I undid his button and unzipped his jeans. Then grabbing each hip with my fingers I slowly pulled them down. Now I was staring at what almost looked like panties. They were electric blue in color and had a nice bulge in the front. My mouth was actually watering. He turned around bent forward hands on his thighs and I could see they were a thong, with the strip of cloth disappearing into his tiny ass. If I thought I was turned on before, it was nothing like I was now. I LOVE GIVING RIMJOBS! 

Their is very little a person can do that is more submissive than sticking your tongue up someone else's ass. I immediately started giving little butterfly kisses all over his butt. Especially right along where his ass meets his legs. 

I started to reach into the valley between the cheeks of his ass to move the thong out of the way when he said, "No slut! Just use your tongue to push it aside and lick my hole." 

So I immediately buried my tongue into his tight petite ass. I found the thong strip, pushed it aside with my tongue, discovered his little rosebud, and started making small circles around.

Matthew started moaning and said, "That's it bitch lick that ass." 

Now we were both moaning as I pushed my tongue flat in his crack and licked up and down over and over as he pushed back against my face. I love having a small, sexy, booty in my face. 

After worshipping his ass for quite awhile he stood up straight, turned around and said, "Time to make you my cocksucker." 

He reached into each hip of his underwear and pushed down letting them fall to his feet. All of the sudden a huge, thick, cock fell down between his legs. Given his stature this was a big shock. 

I am an unapologetic size queen, I couldn't have had a better surprise. It was only semi hard, and already had to be seven inches long, really thick, and a few shades darker than his perfect brown skin. It was almost black. Above his cock was a nice thick black bush. Below a small set of balls pulled up tight against it.

"It gets bigger faggot. Start sucking and I will show you." 

How he knew how much I love being called bitch, slut, cocksucker, faggot, etc. I don't know. But I do. 

I opened my mouth as wide as possible in order to fit that thick monster into my mouth. I pushed my head into him until I was gagging on the best cock I have ever sucked. It is always great to feel a cock get hard in your mouth. Although Matthew's wasn't entirely soft their was more still to go and I was going to get it completely hard. 

I was bobbing up and down on this huge piece of meat and stroking that which I couldn't get into my mouth with my hand when he commanded, "Jerk off." 

With his cock still in my mouth I looked up past those small sexy nipples into his eyes trying to figure out if he was serious. 

Then he firmly stated, "I said jerk off slut." 

I grabbed my little cock and started stroking it while continuing to give him a blow job. Just as I was close to cumming his cock got completely hard. It started to feel like he had a hot rod of steel on the bottom of that massive cock. Their was no measuring tape but I was sure it was at least nine inches long. When a cock in my mouth feels that hard it excites me like almost nothing else does.

I pulled my mouth off his cock and yelled, "I'm going to cum!" 

He quickly bent down pulled his sock off, stuck his right foot forward a couple of inches and said, "Cum on my foot." 

I kept jerking and squirted over and over and over. Covering his foot in thick white cum. 

Looking down at me he calmly said, "Lick it up." 

Without hesitation or thinking about the fact this was a foot, one of the few submissive fetishes I don't seem to have, or bothering to think that it was my own cum; I put my tongue at his toes and ran it across the top of his foot. All because he told me to. 

"All of it" he then demanded. 

I continued licking until every drop was gone. He started to giggle a little while looking down at me and on me.

"Ok now it's my turn. Get on your hands and knees on the couch. Time to fuck your ass." 

Bending over I felt him spit on my asshole and then push a finger in. I was getting scared. There was no way I could take that monster in me without proper lube. I wasn't sure I could take it with lube. As if reading my mind he reached into a drawer in the end table next to the couch and pulled out a tube of lube. 

"I keep it here for situations just like this. When I don't get my bitches all the way to the bedroom," he laughed.

He lubed me up pushing two then three fingers in. 

"This is going to hurt a bit at first but don't worry, I know a fag like you will love it. There is no pleasure without pain." 

I felt the head press against my hole then finally push in. It was thicker than any cock I had ever had. And yes it hurt. But I needed that it in me. He waited a few seconds to let me get use to it a bit then pushed more in. Then back a bit. With each subsequent thrust he went in a little deeper. Eventually I felt his balls slap against my ass. It took quite awhile but he was all the way in and most of the pain had switched to pleasure. I was his bitch and that is what I wanted. He started to get a rhythm going 

"Fuck my ass. Faster. Harder!"

He started going stronger and picked up the pace with each stroke. That monster cock was so large it was reaching and stimulating every spot up my ass including my prostate. Eventually he leaned forward against my back and started biting my ear. This put me over the top and I came again squirting on his leather couch without even touching my little cock. My ass tighten around his cock while I came. He was close and with each thrust he said a couple of syllables. 

"TAKE THAT - YOU - COCKSUCKING - ASS LICKING - CUM EATING - BOTTOM - FAGGOT - BITCH!" 

He started to fill me with cum as he yelled bitch.

We both collapsed. Me on the couch laying in my own cum and Matthew on top of me. As he rolled to the side and his cock slid out of me I never felt so empty. Giving me a strange feeling, almost like I was alone all of the sudden. 

He then said, "Sorry for calling you all the names. I sometimes get carried away." 

"Don't apologize. Just promise me you will do it again in the morning," I replied.