 hey here is the third chapter i am working on the fourth right now as i type- bear with me. i am also almost finished with the third chapter of the vampire alastair so you know fingers crossed you guys like it!!! love kailab (Disclaimer: all stories are fictional and entirely my own works)

Now I would like just take a minute to inform you that stupidity is a disease that I experience from time to time. At that moment I had absolutely no idea what I was going to do when he got up. What I do know is that I am hopelessly and unequivocally rendered incapable of a single rational thought or behavior when he is close to me (yeah I know no shit!). 

My skin is still tingling where he touched me, well breathed against me oh gods I shudder to think what would have happened if he actually touched me! 

"That's it Kitt, I knew you had some fight left in you!" Okay first of all this son of a bitch really needs to stop mocking me. Secondly he also needs to stop interrupting me when I'm trying to conduct and argument with myself, its just plain damned rude! 

"First of all you hideously foul beast you will not speak to me in such a formal manner we are not equals!" He got up from the floor and graced me with a sarcastic bow. 

"Forgive me your Highness for my candidness. But if I may be so bold as to point out that if your earlier behavior is anything to go by, then you don't consider me to be such a ..What was it you said? Oh yes a hideously foul beast. In fact i'd be willing to bet that you wouldn't have objected if had gone a little further." 

"Begging your forgiveness you majesty" he continued "but if your earlier purring and panting where any indication as to go by dare I say you would have enjoyed it". 

"By the way aren't we getting a little ahead of ourselves but I never actually touched you, although that could easily be rectified just say the word my Prince I'll be happy to oblige" 

By the end of his little speech my face was aflame. No one and I mean no one has ever spoken to me in such a manner. I wanted to say something, deliver a scathing remark anything. But his words cut to the quick and I suddenly felt out of my depth. Unable to meet his eyes and with little or no conviction I spoke again "Come near me again, and I don't care how strong you are I will kill you". 

I turned away from him and walked to the far corner of the cell and collapsed in a corner. Out of my depth doesn't even begin to cover it. I stared at the floor, as the gravity of the whole situation came crashing down upon me like storm waves breaking against a beach. 

Did Shadow- Fang and the others make it to the boats? Did they survive? Did they make it to my father? Will the Lyken leader Marcus negotiate or does he have a more sinister plan in mind? 

I am so far from home and so alone. A torrent of emotions weighed down upon my chest making it difficult to breathe, and the last thing I need are the desires of a sadistic Lyken on top of the problems that I already have. 

I don't even want to even give voice to the one thought that has been circulating in my head: Would my father really negotiate with Marcus? Would he sacrifice his son rather than concede to the terms set by Marcus? Goddess give me strength I feel so small and... afraid.

Lost within the world wind of my thoughts I was shocked to hear the whispered voice of the Lyken "Forgive me your Highness". I stared at him my surprise evident on my face, but failed to meet his eyes as he had his staring at the space between his feet.  

Odd how everything about him could be so sure, so powerful and imposing definitely a man used to being obeyed; and yet at this moment he wasn't any of those things. In fact he resembled a boy who had just disappointed his parents or his teacher as he toed the dirt with a bowed head.

Clearly mistaking my stunned silence to imply that I hadn't heard he spoke again in the same gravelly masculine voice, that caressed my skin making it flush as though his words were again spoken against my neck. 

"Forg-" "I heard what you said" I interrupted "Why are you apologizing to me?" I asked my suspicion rising. What can I say I'm not ready to trust him after all he is a Lyken and a dangerous one at that. 

And I don't just mean the fact that he could eviscerate me with one swipe of his talons. Not that that should be in any way overlooked! He exudes a raw sexuality that hints at untamed primal desires- a beast indeed! 

Once again distracted by such a fine male specimen (hey I can look but not touch without any ramifications. At least that's what I argued to shut my rational side up. Yeah stupidity is back in the drivers seat.) I completely miss what he said and find him looking at me expectantly almost pleadingly in fact. 

Shit! I clear my throat which has become very dry and stammer "Wh.. What did you say?" "I said your Highness" his deep voice rumbled and traveled across the cell to settle in the pit of my stomach. Pay attention damn it! "I was inappropriate and should never have taken advantage like that."

Okay hang on one second notice he didn't say he was wrong to do what he did just that it was inappropriate. Yeah me too. Now with stupidity at the helm operating my motor functions, the ability to think before speaking valve had been disengaged. In other words this really wasn't the time to be catching on. You'll understand what I mean. "But apparently you don't think that you were wrong to do what you did." I accused - stupidly. 

A wicked gleam flashed in his dark eyes, he walked towards the cell door before leaving he turned and said "You're right I don't think I'm wrong and neither do you" (presumptuous bastard) he paused before he continued momentarily lost in thought "I'll ensure that you have better accommodations and ill be back with something for you to eat- Okay?" Again the unsure Lyken presents himself. 

"What's your name?" It seemed silly that with the sudden familiarity that had been erected between us (not my doing) that I didn't know his name. "It's Samuel" he replied 

"Okay Samuel umm thanks". After an awkward silence the Lyken - no Samuel left and boy did the cell seem empty. I mean really empty and colder, Samuel certainly does know fill up a room. I have no doubt that no matter where he goes or whose company he's in he is the center of attention, and all eyes are on him.

Samuel left with the Prince on his mind and his body alive with all that had just taken place. Dangerous business he was undertaking of that there was no doubt. What was he thinking? His mind drifted back to when he had the Prince's compliant body against him, close enough to touch but never going that extra distance. 

His stomach tightened as he recalled how responsive the Prince had been purring deep within his chest, when Samuel had spoken in his ear. He remembered that almost inaudible whimper that escaped unknowingly from the Prince, his arousal had seeped into Samuel's brain clouding his thoughts and egging on the beast within him that had been restless ever since laying eyes on the Prince.

Restless doesn't even begin to explain how he had felt, waking up exhausted every morning because each night he awoke drenched in sweat, writhing against his sheets sometimes as hard as steel as he dreamt of the Prince. The dreams were so intense and unrelenting that often when he dreamt of making love to the Prince, he swore he could feel the soft firmness of the Prince's back as he caressed it. 

He'd swear he could feel the Prince clawing his back urging him on as he slowly thrust into the Prince torturing them both. He was convinced that he could hear the Prince cry out every time Samuel mercilessly massaged his prostate with his penis. 

He was certain that he could feel the inner walls of the Prince tighten as he reached his climax the climax that Samuel gave to him. And it would be at these points that Samuel awoke with his chest heaving; eyes clamped shut, toes curled, teeth gritted, hands clutching at his sheets, and back arched towards the ceiling as he rode out the final stretch of one of the most intense orgasms he had ever experience. 

The operative word being orgasms even after falling exhausted against the sheets with his sweat and semen cooling on his skin, he managed only an hour or two before it all happened again. With these dreams continuing well into the early hours of the morning.

Samuel allowed his feet to carry his body out of the dungeon; with unseeing eyes he passed the two guards who had returned to their posts now that Samuel had apparently finished his business with the Prince. 

With his mind consumed once again by the Prince, he recalled how regretful he had been of insinuating that the Prince was no more than a whore for acting the way he had towards him. In fact a part (okay a large part) of him had been elated that he had caused the Prince's reaction. That the Prince was just as responsive in reality as he was in his dreams.

He'd felt lower than scum when the Kitt had sat so dejectedly in the corner of the cell, it was then that he'd realized how vulnerable the Prince really was. In his minds eye he saw and heard his wolf snap and snarl at him for inflicting such pain upon the Prince. 

He felt his wolfs desire to embrace the Prince to offer comfort as well as protection. And it had been damned near impossible to resist the urge to pick up the Prince and bury his face in those auburn tresses and leave his mark upon him. 

And now his wolf was pining for it's mate! Mate?! "Oh for fuck sake get a grip! You've barely been in his presence for more than an hour and he's already your mate?" 

Samuel barely heard the warning growl that his words had caused to erupt from his wolf. So heated was he that he ignored the bared teeth and rising hackles as he continued his rant. 

"Bullshit you're just horny as fuck and the Prince just happens to be the first attractive piece of ass that has appealed to you in over a year." To say Samuel was unprepared for the bone shaking snarl that erupted from within would be a gross understatement.

The rage that erupted from his wolf was enough to make Samuel drop to his knees. His eyes though open could not take in its surroundings all he saw was red, a searing heat exploded from the base of his neck traveling to the back of his eyes.

Samuel clutched his head in agony, his back bowed as he felt his wolf begin to claw its way to the surface. His ribs cracked rearranging themselves for the beginning of the transformation from man to Lyken. 

The hands that clutched his temples in a feeble attempt to keep his head from splitting open, turned into talons and drew blood. The smooth baritone voice became gravelly and rough as Samuel cried out "Back!" "Get Back!". Samuels body twisted and turned as man and beast fought within for dominance.

As quickly as the assault began it ceased, leaving Samuel shaken and trembling on the ground. Before his wolf retreated into the darkness of Samuels subconscious its warning resounded clear in his mind.

"That was merely a warning- Never insult, harm or bring harm to my MATE!". Too weak to do anything but lay on his back Samuel concentrated solely upon breathing and trying to slow the pounding of his heart.