 Nile woke, realizing he had fallen asleep. He had not meant to. He felt a sense of relief upon seeing Arden still laying beside him. The vampire was asleep as well. Nile looked at the clock. Still a few hours before Arden would awake and leave, going to wherever he spent the daylight. He gazed at the vampire lying there on his stomach, his face turned toward Nile. His lips were parted just enough to show a hint of fangs. The sheets were pushed down, barely covering his ass, and one leg was sticking out. His arms were spread upward, one underneath the pillow the other out beside it. Nile admired the pale skin and rippling muscles of the vampire's body. He looked so beautiful in his sweet repose. Almost vulnerable. But that was a deception. Nile knew the vampire's strength and power. Just hours ago Arden had arrived and without a word of greeting attacked Nile with a passionate kiss. That led to Nile being shoved into the bed, head down and ass in the air. He felt a stir of longing in his loins.

Nile smiled. He loved their nights together. The vampire came to visit as often as he could manage, which was more and more often as of late. The Agency had no clue where he was and there was a safe hidden entrance to the underground nearby that led him to whatever he went during the day. It was still a strange situation, but it seemed to be working quite well for them both. The past few months had been the best of Nile's life. 

A smile played at Nile's lips and he felt a blush come to his cheeks. He felt a strange excitement at watching Arden sleep. The powerful vampire lying still and oblivious. Nile could take his time gazing at every inch of his lover's beautiful form. He reached over, unable to resist the urge to touch the soft sweet skin. Just a gentle caress down his lover's back. He paused as Arden shifted slightly and smiled in his sleep. Nile traced the vampire's spine with his finger all the way down to the small of the back. He brushed the sheets down, exposing his lover's beautiful firm ass. He splayed his finger and gently caressed both cheeks, a shiver of excitement coursing through his body. His cock was getting hard.

It occurred to Nile that out of all the times they had been together, Arden had always been the dominant one. Nile didn't mind at all, he loved it when the powerful vampire took control. He loved giving himself over to Arden and being at his mercy. But he wondered what it would be like, just once, if the tables were turned. Could he be as dominant and delightfully rough with the vampire? Probably not. That wasn't Nile's style. No. But he could take control in his own way. He bit his lip, staring at the vampire. He had a hell of an erection and the sight and feel of Arden just lying there beside him was maddening.

Nile's heart was pounding. He was somewhat scared that he would startle the vampire. If that happened, Arden might accidentally hurt him. But if it didn't, if this worked, well it could turn out very nice for them both. So he took a chance and climbed over the vampire, straddling himself over Arden's legs. He lowered himself down over Arden's back, his cock pressed against the vampire's ass. He kissed Arden's neck. No response. He ran a hand down Arden's side, caressing him. He kissed Arden's neck again, then nibbled his ear. The vampire smiled. His eyes opened and he turned his gaze up to Nile.

"What in hell are you doing?" Arden said with a smirk.

Nile blushed, a grin spreading across his face. He sat up, straddling Arden. "Sorry...you just looked so beautiful."

Arden's smirk deepened and his blue eyes were shining. "Yeah?"

Nile smiled down at him. He moved to crawl off the vampire and Arden grabbed his arm with a gentle grip. The blue eyes looked disappointed. 

"Where are you going?" Arden asked.

Nile smiled. "Giving you room to turn over."

Arden smiled back at him. "Okay." The vampire turned over, laying on his back and looking up at Nile with curiosity.

Nile positioned himself over the vampire again. Arden embraced him, pulling him close. Their lips met in a gentle kiss. "You don't mind me waking you up?" Nile whispered.

"Mind? I never meant to fall asleep," Arden said, his cocky smirk returning. "And I rather enjoyed being awakened that way." He reached down, gently taking Nile's erection into his hand. "So what are you up to? Because you're definitely up to something."

Nile gasped at the vampire's touch. He smiled and kissed Arden again. "I...want to try something new."

Arden raised a brow and gave a curious smile. "Yeah? What'd you have in mind?"

"I think it's my turn to fuck you," Nile said.

Arden's eyes widened and a blush came to his cheeks. "My sweet little human wants to take control?"

"Yes," Nile said, kissing Arden's lips.

Arden smiled, his blue eyes shining up at Nile. "This should be interesting."

Nile kissed Arden's lips, chin, neck, and worked his way down the vampire's body. He closed his lips over a taunt nipple and Arden gave a gasp. Nile gently sucked and nibbled as he ran his hands up and down Arden's body. Nile moved from the nipple, giving it one last playful bite. He moved down the vampire's stomach kissing and teasing the skin with his tongue. He kissed Arden's hip and moved down to his inner thigh.

"Goddammit, you're a tease," Arden said, breathless.

Nile gave a small laugh. He nuzzled into Arden's inner thigh, enjoying the heat of his body and the sweet smell of him. He was so close to his cock, his testicles, and his sweet tight hole. But he focused on the sensitive part of the thigh just below the groin, kissing, nibbling, and teasing the skin with his tongue. Arden squirmed and whimpered beneath him. Nile raised up, indulging himself in the view. Arden had tiny beads of sweat breaking out on his forehead. His cheeks were flushed and he was breathing hard. His cock had a raging erection and he was stroking himself.

Nile placed his hand on Arden's, interrupting his strokes. Arden looked up with a mixed expression of frustration and curiosity. He allowed Nile to move his hand away. Nile moved up and kissed the head of Arden's cock. The vampire quivered and moaned. Nile worked his way down the shaft with kisses and licks. He cupped the testicles, caressing them. Nile closed his lips around Arden's cock and took him in, sucking hard in a steady slow motion.

"Fuck!" Arden said with a shiver. "Oh, God, Nile..." He placed his hands on Nile's head, gripping his hair.

Nile moved his head up and down, caressing Arden's head and shaft with his tongue. He took his time, giving it all he had, passion swelling in his heart. His own cock throbbing and begging for pleasure, but it was not time for that yet. Right now, he wanted to show Arden everything he was feeling.

"Oh God, Nile, I'm getting close..." Arden said.

Nile gently slid his mouth off of Arden's cock and then slowly raised up to look at him. The vampire was breathing heavy, covered in a light layer of shimmering sweat. His face was red with passion. His blue eyes begging.

Nile positioned himself between Arden's legs. His own cock was throbbing with hot desire. He took a deep breath trying to calm himself. He spread Arden's legs and reached down to run a finger along his sweet entrance. Arden shuddered. The vampire was fighting himself, reaching down toward his erection, but hesitantly bringing his hands back up to his own chest. Finally, he gripped the sheets in frustration. Nile pushed a finger into his lover and Arden moaned beneath him.

"Oh God, Nile, I can't take this," Arden whispered. "Please, just fuck me."

"Gotta get you ready," Nile said, shoving his finger in and out.

"Goddammit, I'm a vampire, I can take it, now fuck me!" Arden begged.

Nile chuckled as he pulled his finger out and grabbed his cock. He lined it up to the vampire and gently pushed in. Arden moaned.

"Please, all the way," Arden said. "I fucking need you."

Nile thrust himself as deep as he could go, gasping at the warm, wet feel of his lover's body around him. He was dizzy. He wanted to lose it right then and come, but it wasn't time. He had to do this right. He took a deep breath. He settled into a slow deep rhythm. Then he leaned down over the vampire, their bodies close, Arden's hard cock between them, caught in the motion. The vampire held Nile close, his fingernails digging into the sweet soft skin of his back. He reached up with one hand and grabbed the back of Nile's head, pulling him in for a kiss. Their lips met in hunger, their tongues entwined. When they pulled away, Nile gave Arden's lips a teasing lick. Arden pulled him in for another deep kiss. Their lips parted again and Arden's blue eyes stared up at Nile in sweet, agonizing desire. Nile almost lost control. 

Nile was still thrusting in a sweet deep motion. Taking his time, reveling in this new intimate feel of Arden's body clenching around him. He reached up and caressed the vampire's cheek. It was a sweet reverent gesture. Arden gazed at him with adoration and turned his lips to kiss Nile's hand. Nile reached up to stroke the vampire's soft hair. Nile leaned in for another kiss on Arden's lips and then his cheek and neck just below the ear. He kissed the earlobe, tugging gently with his teeth. He whispered in the vampire's ear. "You're so beautiful."

Arden shuddered beneath him. "Oh God, Nile..."

Nile raised up just enough to see the ache in Arden's eyes. "I mean it, you're the most beautiful thing I've ever seen in my life."

"You're beautiful," Arden whispered. "So sweet, so innocent..."

Nile thrust a little harder and faster now. He knew he couldn't last much longer. He was overcome with powerful emotions. This was not just about sex. It hadn't been from the moment he had awakened and began to caress the vampire's skin. This was so much more. His confession was at the tip of his tongue, but no...no not yet...it didn't seem right to blurt it out in a moment of passion. He was showing his feelings right now. He would confess them later.

"I'm about to lose it," Arden said, his entire body shaking with need.

Nile kissed Arden and then thrust into him with deeper strokes, concentrating on hitting that sweet spot with greater intensity. Arden's muscles clenched tighter around him. The vampire's nails dug into his back. Arden was close. The vampire was quivering all over, moaning, his eyes staring at Nile with longing agony. The vampire cried out, his back arched, nails scratching down Nile's back. Hot white ribbons spilled from Arden's cock, covering them both, bonding them in sticky sweet passion.

That was all Nile could take. He gushed inside Arden, giving the vampire everything, his seed, his heart, his soul. He cried out and let the vampire pull him closer. The stared into each other's eyes in breathless surrender.

"Fuck," Arden said. "That was...my God, Nile..."

Nile smiled. "Thank you."

Arden looked at Nile, who was still deep inside him, and reached up to caress his hair. "Nile?"

"Yeah?" Nile said, smiling down.

"I love you too," Arden said with a sweet smile.

Nile froze, his eyes wide. "How did..."

"How did I know?" Arden said. "You just made love to me. I've never been...worshiped like that."

Nile blushed as he smiled. "You...love me?"

"I have since the moment I first tasted your blood," Arden whispered. "I was just...scared to express it all. Hell, I was confused. I've never loved anyone before...not like this."

Nile gently withdrew from Arden and laid down beside him. He gazed at the vampire, a smile on his face. "I've never been this happy before."

Arden snuggled against Nile. "Neither have I."

They lay there for several minutes, reveling in the sweet afterglow. Then Nile let out a sigh. "I don't want you to leave. I wish you could stay here during the day."

"I know," Arden said. "I hate it when we're apart."

"I wish...things were different," Nile said.

"Me too," Arden said. "I wish you really could change the world. With all your innocent naive enthusiasm."

Nile chuckled. "It was foolish wasn't it? For me to even believe that it was possible."

Arden raised a brow. "Foolish? No...I mean, I used to think so, but...I don't think it's a foolish dream. It's a good dream. I only fear that it's just a dream."

Nile was about to respond when there was a loud noise. It took a moment for him to realize it was someone knocking at the front door. He gave Arden a fearful look. "Who the hell would be at my door at this hour?"

Arden's eyes narrowed. "I don't know..."

Nile got up and threw on his robe. "Hide yourself."

"I'll be watching," Arden said, getting up and slipping his pants on.

Nile took his time getting to the door. He looked through the peephole, shut his eyes tight and then looked again. Yep. Still there. He had seen exactly what he had thought. Everett holding a half empty bottle of whiskey.

"The fuck?" Nile muttered. He opened the door. "Everett? What the hell are you doing here?"

Everett reeked of whiskey. He was disheveled and unsteady on his feet. "Nile...I gotta talk to you..."

"What the hell are you doing here?" Nile said again.

Everett pushed his way in, taking a drink. He looked around. "Place looks nice."

"Do I have to ask again what the hell you're doing here?" Nile said, crossing his arms.

Everett looked at Nile and a smile came to his lips. He looked him up and down. "You look hot in that robe, Love."

"Love?" Nile said, raising a brow. "Everett...get the fuck out of here and go back home to Renaldo."

Everett sighed. "He left me."

Nile was stunned. "Um...well, I'm sorry to hear that, but...this is not where you should be. You're drunk. Go home."

Everett took another drink. "No...you gotta hear what I have to say..."

"Oh for God's sake, do I have to call Agents to get you out of here?" Nile asked.

"Just...listen," Everett said, waving a hand in frustration. "I fucked up, Nile. I never should've left you...I just got scared. And I thought I wanted Renaldo so I rushed off and married him, but it fell apart. It all fucking fell apart." Angry tears were in his eyes. "And ever since I saw you in that club, I've been missing you so much more. And don't give me that bullshit about a fiance. There's no hematologist named Arden at St. Francis. Hell, there's no male hematologists, the only ones there are women. I know you made it up."

"Everett, you should go home," Nile said. "Sleep this off. We can talk tomorrow after you sober up, okay?"

"No," Everett said, his eyes narrowing. "I'm fucking sick of holding back." He stepped closer to Nile, right in front of him, inches away from his face.

"Everett...what are you doing?" Nile said, backing away only to run against the wall.

"I love you," Everett said, the smell of whiskey unbearable. "I miss you. Don't you miss me?"

"Everett, please leave," Nile said, trying to mask his growing fear.

"You're the best I've ever had," Everett said, reaching up to caress Nile's face.

Nile batted his hand away. "Stop it!"

Everett paused, his expression going from bewilderment to hurt to anger. He took a drink of his whiskey. "What the hell's your problem? There was a time when you were begging me to come back to you."

"That was a long time ago," Nile said. "And I've met someone else."

Everett smirked. "Bullshit."

"I'm in love with someone else," Nile said. "So please, just leave."

"Yeah? Where is he then?" Everett asked. He reached down and pulled Nile's robe string.

The moment the robe fell open, Everett was jerked backwards. His whiskey bottle fell with a thud on the carpet, the brown liquid spilling out. Arden had Everett from behind, one arm around his chest and the other on his head, exposing his throat.

"Fucking hell!" Everett shouted, struggling to get away from his attacker. "Who the fuck are you!"

"You don't fucking mess with my love," Arden growled. His fangs plunged into Everett's throat and Everett screamed.

Nile stood in shock, his robe still open. Blood was spilling out of Everett's throat in red ribbons. Everett struggled and the flesh tore. Arden latched on hard and was slurping the blood as he growled. Everett was still screaming. 

"Stop!" Nile shouted. "You'll kill him, Arden! Stop!"

Arden's eyes were full of pure hunger. He appeared not to even hear Nile's cries. He kept drinking and Everett kept screaming. Everett's face turned very pale and his screams began to subside. His eyes were still wide with terror. 

"Stop!" Nile said, rushing over to Arden, trying to pull the vampire away. But it was no use. Arden was too strong and didn't even seem to notice Nile. 

Everett collapsed in Arden's arms. Arden tore away from Everett's throat, his face covered in blood. He licked his lips and there was a terrifying glaze to his eyes. Nile backed away. Everett fell from Arden's arms into a lifeless heap on the floor. Nile looked at the wide open dead eyes and the blood and began to retch. 

Arden's eyes blinked and he shook his head. He looked at Nile puzzled. Nile backed away, falling down as he tried to get away from the vampire. He was retching. Arden was confused and started to reach out to Nile and then he saw Everett on the floor and the realization hit him. 

"What have you done?!" Nile screamed.

"I...I was protecting you," Arden said. "I'm sorry...I didn't mean to kill him...I lost control. Oh God, Nile, I'm sorry. The blood lust..."

The vampire tried to wipe the blood from his face, he stepped toward Nile and Nile cowered away, vomiting on the floor. 

"Don't, please..." Nile whimpered.

"Don't be afraid of me," Arden said, tears streaming down from his blue eyes. "I'd never hurt you. I love you, Nile. Please don't be afraid...please forgive me..."

The door burst open. There was shouting. Arden fell to his knees, convulsing from the tasers. The Agents put him in shackles. He didn't fight them, he just stared at Nile with scared blue eyes.

An Agent had hauled Nile to his feet. He was talking, saying something about neighbors having heard shouts and screams. Asking who the dead man was, how the vampire had gotten in, if Nile was hurt, what had happened? Nile didn't hear any of it. He watched Arden being dragged away. Their eyes locked on each other in agonizing silence.