 "Take off the shackles," Nile said in a calm voice and demeanor that did not betray his quivering insides.

"Excuse me?" the Chief Agent said, his eyes showing surprise even through the helmet he wore. He and the other three Agents had their weapons drawn and at the ready. They were facing the shackled prisoner who was sitting down. 

The prisoner was a vampire. Nile didn't think he had ever been so close to one before. He felt terrified, but this was what he signed up for. He had a job to do and this was his opportunity to prove himself. This was his first vampire client. His dream of social justice would be recognized, one client at a time. He had studied the prisoner's files and found no reason to keep him shackled and sedated other than the simple fact that he was a vampire. The shackles were big, heavy, and made with silver and other materials that weakened the vampire's natural strength. They were blinking with various lights which indicated they were sending a silent impulse through the vampire's body that kept him somewhat sedated. 

"I don't think you know what you're asking," the Chief Agent said with a nervous laugh.

"Sir, I have read his files. I see no reason to believe he is a threat," I said. "This man has been charged with drug related crimes. He has not been charged with murder or assault."

"He's a fucking vampire," the Chief Agent said. "A hundred and thirty years old. He could easily kill all of us in this room."

"And for what purpose? To have more Agents rush in and kill him with a few rounds of your high tech silver bullets? That would be foolish. Take his shackles off and leave the room," Nile said, determined to stand his ground. All of the Agents were taller and more muscled than he was, but he would not let them intimidate him.

"Listen to me, those things don't think like you and me," the Chief Agent said.

"That man's name is Arden Vorrick. He is my client. I will not have him shackled up and sedated in this room. Outside these walls, you have all the power. But this is my consultation room. This room is for me and my clients and no one else. Please remove the shackles from Mr. Vorrick and leave," Nile said.

The Agents looked at him in total disbelief. Nile stood as tall as he could, though he was only average height and the Agents towered over him. He was also aware that he was unarmed and dressed in a very expensive suit. He had neatly trimmed short black hair, brown eyes, and wore glasses. Everything about him screamed spoiled, rich, educated civilian. These Agents were not happy that he was commanding them to do anything. He was just a court counselor.

"Are you out of your fucking mind?" the Chief Agent said.

"Sir, do I have to contact the judge in charge of Mr. Vorrick's case and have him remind you of my client's right to legal consultation in a private and non-threatening environment? He has not proved himself dangerous," Nile said.

The Chief was pissed. "Fine. It's your goddamn neck. Don't be surprised when the fucker drains you dry first chance he gets."

Nile stood tall and silent as the Agents surrounded the vampire. One Agent put a key into the shackles, punched in a code, and released them as the others stood by with their guns trained. The Agents backed out and the heavy door shut loud behind them (the Chief muttering something about "damn fucking liberals"). There was nothing in the room but a long table and two chairs. All gray and bolted to the floor. The walls were an off-white brick and the floors were concrete and painted gray. Bare florescent lights buzzed on the ceiling, one flickered every few seconds. There were no windows in this wing of the building because it was where they kept the vampires. Vampires were often deprived of sleep, forced to switch their day and night schedules to be more convenient for their human captors.

Nile was very aware that he was alone in a room with a vampire and that no matter what the files said, this was taking a risk. But it was one he felt necessary. He maintained his calm demeanor as he sat down in the chair across from the vampire. The vampire, Arden Vorrick, was about 6'2 (compared to Nile's 5'10), well muscled, and of course equipped with fangs and supernatural strength. He had spiked black hair with striking white streaks, blue eyes, and was dressed in the standard gray prison suit. He looked no older than his early twenties, but he was of course much older.

"Well, you're either bat shit crazy or you've got some real fucking balls," Arden said grinning, his fangs showing.

Nile kept calm and sat down. "I am simply doing my job, Mr. Vorrick. Standing up for your rights."

"Rights?" Arden said with a laugh. "Oh, you are fucking bat shit. Vampires don't have rights, you asshole. That's why I'm here."

"Some of us disagree with how unjust the Agency treats you," Nile said with a sincere frown. "We wish to change things. But big changes occur in small steps, Mr. Vorrick. We have to start somewhere."

Arden burst into laughter. "Do you really think I'm that fucking stupid? That I'm going to believe that you're here to help me just because of your little show with the shackles? Fuck you. If you aren't a lying fuck, you're a naive one. The Agency has been in power for the past fifty years, and I've seen it all. I've seen the vampires being rounded up and burnt alive. I've seen them being starved and beaten. That kind of thing still happens sometimes, you know, in those...what do they call them? Correctional Facilities? Yeah, that's a euphemism for blood farm. The only reason they don't kill us as often as they used to is because they found out that draining us has its benefits. Our blood is used to make so much of the medicine, illegal drugs, and other shit you take for granted."

Nile sighed. "Look, I know things are bad. That's why I want to help you and others like you. To keep you out of the Correctional Facilities. And eventually work to close all of those down or at the very least heavily reform them into what they are supposed to be. Facilities reserved only for the truly dangerous to be locked away from society but not abused, drained, and murdered."

Arden smirked, crossing his arms. "Big dreams." He chuckled. "But so much in your world depends on a healthy supply of vampire blood now. The Agency has power and money and craves even more. Even if you do manage to get a few of us out of prison, it won't make a difference. You're a naive idiot to think otherwise. Let me guess...you grew up some spoiled privileged dick, got sent to some liberal university, and decided to get a law degree and change the whole goddamn world, right? You talk about social justice like you know all about it. Let me tell you, Rich Dick, you don't know shit. I'll bet you've never stepped foot in a Community in your life, have you?"

Communities were more or less reservations for vampires. Underground cities or neighborhoods housed in old sewer networks. They were rampant with pollution, crime, and poverty. Only the lowest of humans went there and many ended up dead. The borders of these Communities were patrolled heavily by Agents. As long as the vampires didn't get out, they didn't much care about what went on inside. Once in a while, they'd do a raid or two to keep up appearances. To make sure the vampires, who were forced into lives of crime, still had their evil image and the Agents still looked like the good guys. Arden had been caught in such a raid.

"I...have not...but I am appalled by them. And by the way vampires are treated in general," Nile said. "I can help you. If you let me."

"You don't get it do you? You can't help me. Do you think the Agents or any judge will take you seriously? You're just a fucking token liberal. Someone to hire in order to make them look tolerant. But to keep on a tight leash," Arden said.

His words struck a chord. Nile felt his face flush with anger. "Mr. Vorrick...I'm here to help you. Now let's discuss our defense strategy." He picked up a file on the table.

In a second Arden was leaning across the table, holding Nile by the shirt collar, his lips so close to Nile's neck that he could feel the vampire's warm breath. Terror shot through Nile and he cried out, his file scattering to the floor. The vampire's lips touched his neck and he felt a sudden prick and a gentle caress of the vampire's tongue.

Agents stormed into the room, shooting a taser at the vampire and causing him to jump back and hug the wall. He was crying out as the Agents surrounded him, subduing with more zaps and clamping the shackles back on.

"That's what happens when you fucking trust a vampire!" the Chief Agent shouted at Nile as they dragged Arden away.

Arden looked up at Nile on the way out and despite his grimace of pain he managed a slight grin, fangs showing, and a wink. "Delicious."

Nile was shaking. He could hardly stand up. He grabbed the chair to steady himself with one hand and reached up to his neck with the other. An Agent approached him.

"It's just a tiny prick, Sir," the Agent said. "You were lucky. Bastard was just teasing you."

Nile just nodded.

"Did he hurt you anywhere else?" the Agent asked.

Nile shook his head. 

"Better leave here. Go back to your office or home. Get some rest," the Agent said. "Maybe consider a career change."

Nile just walked out of the room. He made his way back to his office, locked himself in, took a deep breath, and tried to steady his thoughts. The vampire had fucking terrified him. He had also made him look like a fool in front of the Agents. Why would he act the way they expected him to and reinforce the stereotype? And Nile had been so sure he had no reason to fear the vampire. But then again, the vampire could have easily killed him, but he didn't. No, he just touched his warm lips to Nile's neck like a kiss as he barely broke the skin and gave a little lick. Nile shuddered at the thought of it. His skin had gotten goosebumps at that moment and it did so now just at the memory. It had been a terrifying moment, but also...something else. Nile was confused. 

He sat in his chair and sighed. He tried to convince himself that though it had been a terrible first client experience, there would be other chances. He could not let one bad experience interfere with his overall mission. He was going to do some good in this world, he was determined. He tried to dive into work, but he was distracted. His mind kept going back to the vampire's little bite and his skin would get goosebumps all over again. Finally, he decided to go home and take the rest of the day off.

Nile lived in a nice home in the better part of the city. It was spacious and beautiful with arched doorways and fancy chandeliers. It was a nice place and he loved it, but it was also too big for one person. There had been someone else when he bought it. But that was long ago. It had all went wrong and now he just wanted to be the lonely guy who never had time for anyone. Because the truth was he was terrified of heart break. One time he had given his heart to someone. Never again.

Nile made himself a drink and sat in his favorite black leather sofa. He picked up the tiny remote device and pushed the button. An image appeared before him out of thin air, clear as day. The local news was on. He adjusted the size of the image, the volume, and changed channels. He had a few drinks, a good dinner, and watched some of his favorite shows. By the time it was late enough for bed, he felt better about things. Tomorrow was a new day with new clients. Things would be better.

The rest of the week did go better. Nile did manage to help a few clients who actually listened to him. Things were looking up. He had not seen Adren Vorrick and that did not surprise him. The vampire's stunt had surely taken away any rights or privileges, including that of legal counsel. Nile tried not to think about it. Arden had made his own decision after all. But...he did think about it, and if he thought about that little bite he got the goosebumps again.

It was late at night when he came out of sleep to the sweet warmth of a kiss on his neck. A nice little lick, teasing of the tongue. A warm body pressed up against him from behind. His eyes shot open.

"Miss me?" Arden said.

Nile could not speak. This was a dream. A nightmare. It wasn't real. 

"Yes, I escaped from prison. Never mind how. Just know that they were going to send me to a blood farm so I had no choice. I had to get away. I will not be hooked up to machines and bled over and over again until it eventually kills me," Arden said.

"Wh--what are you doing here?" Nile said, too afraid to move even though he wanted to run away. He was completely naked (he slept in the nude) and could not be more helpless and vulnerable.

"I missed you," Arden said. He reached over with one arm and held Nile closer. He kissed Nile's neck and Nile felt a small prick.

"Oh God..." Nile said, wincing. "I'm going to die..."

Arden licked at Nile's neck. "Die?" He laughed. "That's so typical of a human. I expected better from you, Nile. Being the liberal that you are. You should know if I wanted you dead, I'd have killed you by now. No, I just wanted a taste. You're so fucking delicious."

"If you're not going to kill me...what do you want?" Nile said.

"Turn to face me," Arden said, lifting his arm from around Nile and giving him room to roll over.

Nile hesitantly rolled over and looked at the vampire. Even in the dim light coming through the windows, he could see the beautiful blue color of Arden's eyes. And the longing within them. Then he realized the vampire was also naked.

The vampire leaned in close, his lips touching Nile's in a gentle kiss. The kiss became deeper and more passionate. The vampire's tongue snaked its way into Nile's mouth and he gave no resistance. Whatever part of him knew this whole situation was both dangerous and absurd was hushed by his growing erection. He was shocked at how much he wanted, no, needed this. The vampire kissed him over and over, holding him closer. Nile gasped when Arden grabbed his erection and began stroking him in a gentle motion.

"Wh--what---"

"Shh!" the vampire said. "Don't worry about anything right now. Just relax. You want this as much as I do."

"But...why?" Nile said. "Why...do you want me? I thought you hated me."

The vampire gave him a fangy grin. "You can tell a lot about a person from a taste of their blood. I warmed up to you after that. Now are you going to keep distracting me with conversation or do you want me to fuck you?"

"I'm...sorry, this is just...unexpected..." Nile said.

Arden smiled, gazing at Nile for a moment as he continued stroking him. He slowly leaned in for a soft, sweet kiss. As their lips parted, the vampire whispered, "Just relax, Nile. I'll take good care of you."

Nile gazed down at the vampire, admiring his form and his massive erection. He reached down and stroked him, returning the favor he was getting.

Arden relaxed, closing his eyes for a few seconds. He smiled. "Mmm...such a gentle, warm touch."

"You're so beautiful," Nile whispered. "You've got the most beautiful body I've ever seen."

Arden smiled wide, gazing at Nile again. "Yeah? Well, I could say the same about you." The vampire kissed him again.

Arden was stroking Nile a little harder and faster now. It was maddening. Nile took his hand and placed it on top of Arden's. "Please," Nile said. "I don't want this to end too soon."

Arden let go his grip and kissed Nile again. "Sorry. Got a little carried away."

Nile let go of Arden's erection and reached up to run his fingers through the vampire's spiked hair as he kissed him and held him close. "I've wanted to do that since I first saw you," Nile confessed.

Arden chuckled. "Yeah? What else have you wanted to do?"

"I'll show you," Nile said, giving the vampire a gentle push to guide him to roll over on his back. He then slid down the vampire's body, kissing and teasing him along the way until finally he closed his lips around his cock. He felt Arden quiver beneath him and heard him moan as he began a slow steady sucking motion and teased him with his tongue.

"Mmm...you really know what you're doing down there," Arden said, placing his hands on Nile's head, caressing his hair and holding him close. "Fuck...that's amazing..." The vampire was quivering beneath him, at his mercy, and that excited Nile more, increasing his enthusiasm. After a few minutes the vampire whispered, "Oh goddammit...I don't want this to end, but you're gonna make me come..."

Nile gave him a lick and gently let go. Arden guided him back up his body. The vampire was flushed and breathing heavy. "Enjoy that?" Nile said with a smile.

"Fuck," Arden said, grinning. "That's the best head I've ever had. And Baby, I'm a hundred and thirty years old. I've had a lot of head."

Nile felt himself blush. "Well...I'm glad I didn't disappoint..."

Arden gazed at Nile, caressing his hair. "Disappoint? Hell no. You're full of surprises."

Nile blushed deeper and laughed. The vampire kissed him again with hot passion and rolled him over onto his back. Nile was beneath him, completely at his mercy. Even as the vampire was being gentle, Nile could feel just a hint of his true strength. Arden could easily crush him if he so desired. That the vampire was being so gentle and careful with him made Nile feel vulnerable, yet safe. 

"I need you," Arden said, spreading Nile's legs and positioning himself between them. He used his fingers first and Nile gasped at the sudden sensation. "You're tense," Arden said. "Relax. I'll be gentle."

Nile stared up into the vampire's beautiful blue eyes and made himself relax. He wanted this. More than anything. "I'm sorry...it's just...been a while..."

Arden smiled. "Yeah...for me too..." The vampire withdrew his fingers and pushed himself gently into Nile. Nile gasped. It was a little uncomfortable at first, but then the vampire settled into a slow rhythm in just the right place and Nile lost himself in the motions. He reached down to stroke his own erection.

"You feel amazing," Arden said, looking down at Nile. "Even better than I imagined."

"So do you," Nile whispered.

The vampire pushed deeper and harder, Nile stroked himself faster, moaning beneath him. He knew he couldn't take much more, but he didn't want this to end. He didn't want to return to sanity and have to figure out what the hell this meant. He didn't want to return to his normal life, he wasn't sure it'd be possible. This bliss was too intense. They weren't even finished yet and already he wanted more. Would the vampire leave him? But how would he stay? And why was he thinking about all this now? He forced his mind clear and focused entirely on the feel of Arden inside him, leading him gradually to an inevitable climax. 

He was at that maddening threshold, just before release. He looked up at the beautiful vampire, his dark eyes pleading both for this to end and to keep going. The same ecstatic agony was reflected back at him and he knew the vampire could not last much longer and neither could he, he had to let go, he had to climax. He needed it more than anything. His growing pleasure started to drip from the swelling head of his cock. That provided a sweet wetness to his strokes that pushed him even closer to the edge. The vampire pushed harder inside him, hitting his sweet spot in just the right way.

"Oh God...oh, Arden, please..." Nile whispered.

"Fuuuck," Arden said, breathless. "Please come, Nile, I can't hold back much longer..."

Nile quivered as the climax hit him hard and sudden. He cried out loud and felt waves of pleasure rushing over his body as he spilled into his hand. The vampire thrust faster and moments later met his own release with a slow moan. Nile felt the gush of warm fluid inside him. He lay there breathless, staring up at Arden. They looked at each other, wide-eyed and out of breath, still locked in their position and trying to recover from those hard waves of ecstasy.
