 College wrestling is a tough sport. The practices are tough and dropping weight is a pain in the ass. Yet there was something I loved about it that I couldn't quite come to grips with.

It all started with a weigh-in before the actual match. The way they work is that every guy on the team lines up one after the other with only their briefs on. Many want to shed every piece of clothing possible to make weight, so they stand completely butt naked! Now imagine what a beautiful sight this is. Hot young guys standing right on top of each other, often brushing their skin together while they waited to get weighed in.

At first I didn't think much of these weigh ins. But later on I just had to indulge in my desires so I started looking at what everyone was packing. Their dicks were shown off quite well since the briefs were very snug. But I noticed that one very sexy guy on the other team had a hard on! He was about 5'8 with nice abs, a small tight ass, no body hair, brown hair, amazing legs, and he was just plain hot. I had an American Beauty moment where I finally realized just how beautiful people in this world could be. He was that hot.

The wrestling match was great but I couldn't seem to get my mind off of the sexy guy from the other team. After the match I introduced myself to him and he said that he noticed me as well and wanted to say something. He said he thought he could teach me some moves. We went on to the mat and he told me to lay down on my stomach. What happened next suprised me. He laid flat down on me with his nice dick right above my ass. It felt sooo good to have his cock rubbing against me that I couldn't totally concentrate on wrestling. I tried to stand up yet he was right behind me and so was his dick! This went on for quite a while until I could feel that he was getting hard! And the craziest part was that he was hard right against my ass! At that point I noticed him stand up quickly and he told me he was tired of wrestling. He asked if I wanted to go to the locker room and change and of course I obliged.

I was really looking forward to seeing this beautiful man naked again. When we got back to the locker room we noticed that both of our teams left. He seemed as happy about this as me, and said he didn't like taking showers with the whole team. He then mentioned something about how it was too tempting. At first I didn't realize what he meant. But then I remembered how he was rock hard in the weigh ins, and realized that he checked out hot guys like me. At this point I finally realized I would get to fuck this gorgeous 19 year old.

I knew that no words were necessary as I saw him look back at me with as much excitement as I had. The mood didn't feel like angry sex, but rather a loving and exciting anticipation. I loved it! I watched him take off everything until his briefs, and to my delight I saw that he was hard again. I then watched him take his briefs off exposing his hard cock. I then took off all my clothes and followed him close behind to the showers. The view of his curvy ass swaying from side to side had me drooling. He had the most beautiful body from head to toe, yummmmmmmmmmmmmm.

As we got in the shower I was so rock hard that I couldn't take it any more and I started licking all over his gorgeous body. I wanted to lick every inch of him. First I licked his stomach and then I started sucking down to his inner thighs. I then started erotically moving up to his dick bit by bit. His beautiful cock was staring right at me and I gave it a long sensuous lick from base to tip.  Mmmmmm it felt so good. I then sucked his head softly and sensuously. I tried to kiss his dick as soft as possible until he started to really pant hard. I got so hard by this that I then started to lick his cock harder and deeper. I licked every inch of his penis for about 10 minutes until it was obvious he really wanted to feel my body up. 

He then started to rub his hands all over my body. He rubbed over my chest, abs, legs, dick, and ass. He stopped at my ass and then started licking my cheeks. At that point I had to spread my legs wide open hoping he would lick my asshole. Luckily he was as turned on as I was at this point and he was probing his tongue right into my tight ass! It was such a hot feeling to have his tongue in my ass. He then started stroking me at the same time. Having such a sexy man do this to me just about put me over the edge right away but I knew how rare it was to have an experience like this so I held out as long as possible. 

After all the amazing stroking and sucking I saw his eyes light up when he asked me if I would fuck his ass. Mmmmm yum the thought was so tempting I couldn't help but to oblige. He started soaping up his amazing tight ass. It made me rock hard just watching. He then put his hands up on the wall, spread his legs apart, looked back and said fuck my ass! My dick was so rock hard at this point that I quickly got behind his ass and put the tip of my dick right on his asshole. I got so far at this point I figured I could tease him a little longer. I circled my dick around his asshole a few times and he moaned loudly. At that point I couldn't wait any longer and slipped my dick slowly into his asshole. It felt so good to feel it slowly slip into his hot soapy ass and hear him scream as he had that great feeling of a dick totally filling him up. The thought of buttfucking such a hot ass was so hot that I almost came right there. But still I tried to hold on and thrust into his rock hard ass longer. It was such a great feeling for both of us as I thrusted many times. Then all of a sudden I came more then I ever thought possible. One huge spurt, two, three, NINE SPURTS! I almost passed out from how intense of an orgasm I had.

He was shocked by how much I came, and in response he said he was going to cum any second. I then started stroking his hot cock again and saw him spurt even more than me! He was obviously turned on but he had cum more than what I thought was physically possible. He came all over my mouth and body and we both loved every minute of it. 

We are still great friends today. How could you not stay friends with such a gorgeous guy after that experience.