 Night- Crawler or Samuel has he was more commonly referred to when Lykens weren't in battle; emerged from the shadows and stared directly at the Prince. It hadn't been difficult getting into the cell that the Prince had been placed. The Lykens that had been guarding the Prince only took their orders so far as to mean that the Prince should not die in their care. However if anything should happen to the Prince so long as there was no evidence of unsavory treatment then they had executed their duties to the best of their ability. In fact when they had seen Samuel descend the stairs to the dungeon shortly after the Prince had been dumped within its decrepit walls they had kindly taken a break from their arduous task.

Cocking his head to one side as though in deep thought Samuel had determined that since the time that he had come into the cell and they had left to the time the Prince had awoken the two Lykens Karl and Max had not returned to their posts. Samuel had no doubt that once his business (whatever it was) had been concluded the two Lykens would materialize and be back at their posts as though his presence had been unnoticed.

Rousing himself from his thoughts Samuel had become aware that the Prince had been staring at him warily his eyes constantly dancing from his face to his leg. Resignation was etched into every delicate feature on his face. "Shit" he mused "delicate features where the fuck did that come from?!" "Well" a voice within his subconscious reflected "the Prince could quite easily be referred to as delicate, effeminate even. Only a closer look which went beyond the full pouting mouth, the wide emerald eyes that could turn acidic in times of anger, you would see a strong jaw a mans jaw. You would see determination and a stubbornness which bordered on stupidity that contrasted with the still chubby cheeks. A kitten that thinks it's a tiger indeed! 

Upon remembering the statement that he had originally been spoken by way of insult, which now resonated with more affection than Samuel was comfortable with, he almost smiled when he recalled how the Princes eyes had turned toxic. A dark glower swept across the Lyken's face giving him a preternaturally chilling look as he recovered his senses. This boy - man was the enemy, he was no more than a bargaining chip. Samuel chastised himself for allowing his mind to draw him into such dangerous and foolish delusions. How could he be so weak? Delicate indeed he scoffed inwardly. Hastening his resolve Samuels eyes snapped from the Princes lips to his eyes upon hearing an almost inaudible gasp, no doubt the product of his glare. The Princes eyes reflected a torrent of emotion: recognition, confusion and fear. Samuel felt sadistically pleased to see the latter etched throughout the Princes body. "Yes" he thought "let him be afraid. Let him fear me" this time Samuel did smile which manifested into more or a leer as he advanced towards the Prince.



To say that the Lyken was pissed would have been a major understatement. Livid, furious contemplating retribution would have been better assessments. In fact I'm pretty sure with the way he is advancing towards me with this sneer across his face retribution isn't too far from his mind. Yelling for help is without a doubt out of the question, considering the fact that I am behind enemy lines, have killed two Lykens and broken this ones leg I am no ones favorite were-cat right now. Not to mention I would rather die (becoming more and more of a possibility as time progresses) than give this beast the satisfaction of seeing me scream for help exposing my fear of him at this particular moment. Regardless of the fact that he can hear my frantic heart beat as it thunders in my chest and smell my fear from across the cell.

Now let me just reiterate that I'm no fool, I know a losing battle when I see one (this definitely classifies as one) and it is by no means cowardice to retreat from a situation that will without a doubt bring about more unnecessary pain, injury and or death to my person. What's that saying again live to fight another day. Those couldn't be more truer words.

For every advance that he made I retreated. It seemed like a cleaver idea at the time I lost no ground thus he gained no advantage over me. I would just like to point out the operative word seemed. Everything was going well until my back came into contact with one of the walls. I've never heard a more ominous sound than the gentle thud of my back connecting with the brickwork.

The Lyken continued to advance towards me until his body was against mine. I could feel his warm breath as it washed over me as he braced his large muscular arms on either side of my shoulders securing me in my place. As if I could go any where. I never realized how big he was he exuded strength as a were-cat we are naturally slender it just isn't necessary to be so big our strength lies in our skill and speed. Needless to say I've never seen a man so huge before.

My heart stuttered when he leaned in and growled in my ear "What is there no more fight left in you Kitten?" I felt his words rumbling against my chest as he spoke and his breath warmed my ear and raised the hair on my neck. And for the first time since I realized he was in my cell my heart pounded with something other than fear. All I could think about was his body so warm so strong against mine. All I could think about was the strength radiating from him. His smell easily swept passed my well constructed barriers and infiltrated my senses, it was unlike anything I'd ever smelt before it was feral it was masculine. My breathing hitched in my chest when he spoke again running the tip of his nose against my neck "Your purring" the joyful satisfaction evident in his words instantly tore my from my stupor working better than a douse of cold water.

My eyes snapped open- Exactly when the fuck did they close?! Before I continue I would just like to add a disclaimer notice: Do you remember when I spoke about educated retreats and not doing anything stupid to warrant unnecessary pain, injury and or death? Oh you do- yeah well there comes a time when stupidity rears its ugly head and all that Confucius shit goes out the window! Okay here is what happened next: I don't know what it is but embarrassment like the one that I was just subjected to can really send a major rush of adrenaline pumping, I punched him in the chest (mistake number 1). The force of the blow landed his flat on his ass at the other end of the cell. Cue triumphant joy!