 OKAY THIS IS THE FOURTH INSTALLMENT OF SHADOW CAT THE LAST TIME WE LEFT OFF SAMUEL'S WOLF HAD JUST ATTEMPTED A HOSTILE TAKE OVER! :-)



His Louis XIV sleigh bed with its unique metal carvings and intricate silver patters decorated the head and footboard of the bed depicted the story of the Lyken. it told of their constant fight for freedom against a seemingly unstoppable foe. The bed in question was adorned with red satin and black silk sheets which were rumpled on the left side clearly showing which side that he preferred to sleep on. 

To the left of the bed sat his three draw nightstand, like the bed the nightstand was made of a dark cherry ash with silver trimming at the bottom and side of each draw. On the nightstand was a picture of his mother and father. Samuel was blessed with his mothers olive skinned complexion and generous mouth. 

As a result of his mothers Gypsy heritage he had inherited her people's thick dark colored hair. In regards to his father Samuel inherited his father's quiet countenance. Like his father Samuel very rarely lost his temper, but when angered he was like a storm that raged out at sea only calming when there was no more energy to fuel its destructive powers. 

His parents had been a pair of opposites. Where his mother was petite barely reaching 5ft; his father was a giant of a man towering over most humans and Lyken alike at a staggering 6 ft 9 inches. Where his mother was known to be talkative and it was common to hear her laughter ringing through the air, his father was always quiet barely speaking above a whisper. 

To Samuel's knowledge he had never heard his father laugh although when he smiled it would reach his eyes causing them to shimmer with mirth. And for a brief moment in time his father's image was transformed from being a fierce ageing warrior, to a young man without a care in the world. And it was at these times when his father's smile would totally consume the room, that it was easy to see how his mother could fall so head over heels for such a man.

Samuel turned away from the picture which had brought up such an all consuming feeling of loneliness within him and stalked towards the door that would give way to his bathroom. Barely registering the book case, that dominated one whole wall that was filled with his favorite literary texts, as he made his way into the large bathroom.

Large didn't even begin to cover it; grotesque would be a more astute observation. Gold trimmings lined the edging of the bathtub, the sink and the sides of the shower doors. In turn the taps, nozzles and even the handle of the toilet was plated in gold. In Samuels opinion it was too much decadence to be practical, in fact it was irrevocably unnecessary. Samuel could feel his wolfs lazy agreement with this observation clearly having decided that Samuel had learnt his lesson. "Perhaps" it mused "Perhaps Red would like it. He is a Prince after all and used to such luxuries". 

"Red?" Samuel questioned his wolf that had placed its head on its forepaws and closed its eyes in anticipation of a quick nap after all hostile takeovers were exhausting!

Upon hearing the question his wolf raised its head slightly and cracked open one eye and replied in an almost matter- of- fact voice.

"Yeah it's the color of his hair and what his temper is like" his wolf chuckled. Well as much as its possible for a dog to chuckle in essence it was more of a series of barks. "Plus" he continued "It's much better than you calling him kitt now that really seems to piss him off. Not that I don't like getting him all riled up he is damned sexy when he's mad. Hmm I love it when his nose scrunches up and his lips get all pouty, just makes me want to..."

"I get it!" Samuel exclaimed that last thing he wanted to be doing in his emotionally fragile state is thinking about those lips. 

His wolf rolled its eyes again a feat for a four legged beast and simply stated "You wouldn't be worried about getting such a severe case of blue balls if you went down there and took what you wanted. We both know Red would have no objects to you bringing him upstairs and indulging in some hot, frenzied passionate sex. OH by the way haven't you forgotten something?"

Samuel groaned as he realized that the Prince was still sitting in that rotten cell. Glancing briefly at his reflection in the mirror above the sink he turned on the faucet and splashed some cold water on his face. Turning from the mirror Samuel made his way back into his bedroom and out the door. He walked at a brisk pace down the halls towards the dungeons. 

"Shit. Where the hell is he going to sleep?"

'Pfft' his wolf snorted "As if you don't already know! You can't exactly have passionate, frenzied sex while he is in another room. Not unless you're planning on some midnight visits?" 

At that his wolf began to pant eagerly, and Samuel began to feel the sex between his legs thicken with anticipation. The idea of paying the Kitt a visit in the middle of the night whilst he was asleep and slowing pulling the sheets that covered his body down to his waist.

He would be surprised and extremely aroused to know that the Kitt slept nude. His body would be flushed and slightly damp with sweat for the nights were hotter in Anduslavia than they were in Eritrea. The Kitt would be lying on his stomach and Samuel would lean down tongue extended and slowly lick the kitt's back, starting from the base of his spine traveling up to the top of his neck, savoring the salty sweet taste of him. 

Upon feeling Samuel's tongue he would shiver in his sleep not yet rousing, he'd sigh slightly and fall deeper into sleep. Samuel however after one lick, after tasting his... mate would not be content with just one taste. No the beast within him would not be satisfied; it would demand further action and Samuel would not deny him such. He would fully remove the sheet from the Kitt exposing that ivory skin to the sliver of moonlight that shone in the room. And even as his eyes feasted on such a sight his fingers would reach out to touch, to further imprint in his memory the image and feel of the one that belonged to him. 

His hands would stroke skin as soft as silk. He'd circle a slim waist and cup a pert backside before it all would become too much. Then and only then would he lean on the bed supporting his weight with his knees and kiss each globe. Only when his beast was near madness would he part those perfect cheeks, and begin to delicately lap at the small furled portal that caused his sex to ache. He would curl his tongue and wet the sensitive flesh over and over again. Softly the kitt would begin to moan and sigh in his sleep as Samuel lazily flicked his tongue over his portal. 

Samuel in his eagerness to taste more of his mate he would stiffen his tongue and taste his mate's inner secrets. His mate would awaken and writhe on the small appendage, and Samuel would grasp his hips and shove his tongue in farther. His growls would echo through the room, the sound of his slick tongue lashing his mate's hole would be loud and crude. 

A soft gasp pulled Samuel from his thoughts. He was in the dungeon. The prince was in the corner of his cell his lips parted and wet, his face flushed. Neither said a word.

"OH" the prince whimpered.