 Same as before, over 18, safe sex implied but not explicit.

Would love constructive feedback in the comments.

A word on the reluctance/non-consent ideas – it's not treated as part of the positive sexual escapades (which are consensual, if only due to circumstances and pragmatism) so if you're actually looking for sexy non-consent themes this isn't the place, but this is a heads up for anyone who might be bothered by such ideas, which are definitely present. 

Another word – on the structure. For aficionados of good structure I apologize for the slightly weird paragraph structure – things really do read better online with small paragraphs and lots of spaces so you may find the switches to new paragraphs a bit random while I get used to it – as I tend to ramble.

******

A few days later, Sean and Jake lay spooning on the top bunk, Jake's strong thigh hooked over Sean's own. The thin, scratchy blanket covered them to the waist, leaving their toned torsos exposed, if only to the rats in the rafters. Jake's left arm snaked around Sean's middle, and he gently stroked the 6-pack his fingers met. Sean wriggled contentedly, pushing his buns back into Jake's stiffening rod. Jake was leaning on his hand as they whispered to each other, not sweet nothings now, but an analysis of the text they were exploring with Ms. Harrier. Most of the other guys were below them, lounging on the floor or sofas, watching some game on television. Frost was the guard on duty and he watched the game as rapt as the rest. The only ones missing were Skylar, who had gone off chirpily with Brookes 20 minutes earlier, and James, who had been escorted out far more sullenly by Simmons before that. 

Now, James slumped back into the huge room, his head bowed and his step heavy. Sean and Jake fell silent as they watched him make his way to his bunk and drop onto the hard mattress. He turned his head into the pillow and Sean could see his shoulders shake as he was wracked with silent sobs.

"Why does Simmons always pick on him? Sick fuck," Sean whispered to Jake. Simmons had taken James out every day since he had arrived, and it didn't seem James was getting any more used to it. Jake made a non-committal noise.

"He just gets more down every day." Sean continued, "I swear he hasn't spoken more than twenty words in the last two days. You know, I think he might end up hurting himself to get away? I can see it in his eyes."

"You know that doesn't bother Simmons. The guy's a twisted fuck. He probably loves watching James break," Jake hissed.

"He's taken you, hasn't he?" Sean asked, gently.

"Yeah," Jake's voice cracked; he cleared his throat and shook his head slightly, "a couple of times. The guy is a sadist; he likes to hurt people. James is just easy prey for him. You need to be thankful Brookes has earmarked you to keep the other two away. Otherwise I reckon you'd be just his type," Sean shuddered a little at the thought. He wasn't sure how he felt about being treated as untouchable because of some kind of ownership system, but regardless of that, he knew he would need to repay Brookes pretty soon. He didn't want his benefactor to get bored of waiting and remove the protection. 

James' sobs had subsided and he shifted, painfully it seemed, onto his side. His eyes stared blankly toward the game.

"You know," Jake began tentatively, "Simmons isn't interested in anyone's pleasure but his own."

"Hmmm?" Sean encouraged, wondering where this was going.

"Yeah, he basically scent-marked James as soon as he arrived, so the other two haven't touched him. And he hasn't been called to Willis since he arrived, not that that would be any better. The doctor hasn't called for him and Father O.D. hasn't even met him yet, 'cos Simmons kept him out of the last session. And as for those guys," Jake gesticulated vaguely, "he barely talks and I've certainly not seen him flirting. In fact, I think you and I are the only people he's spoken to since he got here."

"You wanting to give him a little fun? He's certainly cute enough," Sean teasingly reached over and poked Jake's side. 

"Well," Jake sounded almost nervous at what he was about to suggest, "I was actually thinking you could." Sean gasped a little at the suggestion, but Jake couldn't tell if it was shock or excitement. 

"You told me you were finding all this exploration pretty fun so far, and you said it yourself, James is cute." They both went quiet for a moment, considering the implications. Sean wasn't sure if he was hurt. Maybe Jake was trying to push him onto someone else? Bored? Almost as if he could read Sean's mind, Jake leaned forward and whispered, his lips vibrating against Sean's soft earlobe.

"Just make sure you don't get too fond of the little cutie though. You'll be coming right back to me afterward," he growled. Sean shifted under the blanket, turning to face Jake. He placed his hand on the back of Jake's head, entwining his fingers in the soft thick hair, pulling his face forward, staring into the lake-green eyes as their lips made contact. They kissed quietly, tenderly, tongues snaking as they explored each other's hot mouths. They finally broke apart and stared deeply into each other's eyes. There was a look of understanding between them and Sean glanced to his right, meeting James' eye, who shifted his gaze guiltily back to the TV. 

Sean chuckled to himself and went to jump off the bunk. Jake stayed him with a hand on his bicep and whispered intently into his ear. Sean nodded seriously and finally hopped down, gracefully landing and sitting to pull his running shoes on. He selected a blue t-shirt from his cabinet and stood to slowly pull it over his head, making sure to twist and tense his lats and abs. He knew it looked good and he knew James was watching. He strode over to James' bed, dropping to his knee.

"Hey James, you okay?" James sniffed and lifted his dark brown eyes, slightly red-rimmed, to Sean's.

"Yeah, I'll be fine, thanks." He had a slight Boston twang, softly spoken.

"I'm going for a run. You want to come? Fresh air might help." Sean opened his eyes wide, hopefully. James looked even sadder for a moment. Then he seemed to shake it off, and nodded thoughtfully. 

They both stood and walked to the door, Sean stopping to speak to Frost, who waved them off with a flick of his wrist. The boys walked into the bright afternoon sun, feeling its warming rays on their skin. They stretched out in silence and set off at a gentle jog along the path and into the woods. The sun threw dappled light through the tall trees. They breathed the sweet air deeply and continued for a couple of miles. Eventually, Sean felt compelled to speak.

"You can't let him bring you down, you know?" James stopped dead, and Sean skidded to a halt beside him. "Sorry, I shouldn't have said anything."

"Nah...it's...it's okay," James' eyes looked like dark pools as they filled with tears. He blinked rapidly, to dispel them, and coughed, "I'm fine."

They had reached the far side of the lake, and Sean gestured for them to sit on a large fallen log. They were looking back toward the house, although nothing could be seen for the thick trees. As if a dam had been opened, James started telling Sean his history. How he'd grown up in a small town close to Boston, but when his mother had died he'd had to move to live with his father, an aggressive drunk. He'd known for sure he was gay by the time he was 16, but kept it quiet from his homophobic father, whilst maintaining a secret relationship with a classmate.

When he was 18 they had broken up amicably, and James had spread his wings a little, discovering he had a definite penchant for guys older than him. The happy little world of secrecy had fallen apart when he'd fallen in love, hard and fast, with a tutor at the local community college, where he'd been attending an evening class in AP Physics for extra credit. He hadn't reckoned with the fury of a lover scorned as it turned out his classmate did have a problem with James having an actual relationship and told James' father everything. 

He had arrived home from class one evening, to be greeted with a heavy punch to the jaw from his father. He'd suffered blow after blow as his inebriated parent berated him for his disgusting 'choices' and told him he was going to hell. The next day he was sent to Shady Pines, and that explained the bruises that had marred his face and body on the day he'd arrived, most of which had now faded to yellow and green blobs. He was in tears now, and Sean put a reassuring arm round his waist, sliding closer to him on the trunk.

"I'm sorry," James snuffled, "I'm not normally this much of a crier. It's just...just, I've felt like such a freak since I got here, with the stuff that Simmons has..." he tailed off, not sure how to continue. 

"There's nothing to feel like a freak about. We're trapped here, and everyone has to do what they have to do."

"You mean other people are doing stuff too?" James questioned incredulously.

"Er, yeah. You didn't realize?!" Sean filled in James on some of the things that went on, that he'd missed in his total misery, although he conceded, "You have it worse than most though. Getting on Simmons' radar." James gulped and his voice was low.

"I hate it, I hate it," he hissed vehemently, "he's so rough." He seemed to pull himself up, "Actually, that's not it. I mean, I like it pretty rough," he laughed apologetically, "but it's the fact that he isn't interested in me at all, he just uses me like a fucking fleshlight, as if the rest of me is unimportant, only there to slap around and pinch." 

Sean was pleased to see that James looked kind of mad now. Not distant and lost as he had before. Now was a good time to pass on the information Jake had shared to make James less of a victim, and hopefully make Simmons less interested in him.

When they had finished speaking they sat in companiable silence for a while, looking out over the glittering water. The warm sun beat down on their shoulders without the protection of the trees. Sean pulled his t-shirt over his head, twisting his neck to enjoy the golden sun on his skin. He grinned as James followed his lead, shedding his own tee to reveal his darker skin and the light smattering of black hair on his chest, indicating his mother's Italian heritage. Sean stretched his arms, feeling the heat. He could feel his cock stiffening too, as he watched James' long, lean muscles move. 

Without a word, Sean stood and pushed his running shorts and jock down his muscular legs, kicking off his shoes and socks. His semi-hard cock bounced a little as he stood and walked confidently toward the calm water of the lake. As his foot hit the icy water he wasn't surprised to see James draw alongside him, also naked. He held out a hand and James took hold of it, wrapping his long fingers through Sean's. They ran into the still waters of the lake, creating wide ripples. As they got deeper Sean took a shallow dive into the water, before rising gasping in shock and joy at the invigorating sensation. He quickly became accustomed to the chill and James followed his lead. 

When he rose, they floated side-by-side for a moment. James reached for Sean's hand and pulled him close. Sean flipped his limber frame and placed his feet on the smooth, rounded stones at the bottom of the lake, as he reached an arm across James' narrow chest. Supporting James' head with his other hand, Sean dipped his head, his full lips making contact with James'. In his shock, James disappeared beneath the water, spluttering as he was pulled back up by Sean.

"Shit man, sorry!" Sean gasped with laughter as James' joined in, "That wasn't my aim!"

"I'm okay! Just really wasn't expected that," he suddenly looked more serious, "I thought you and Jake..."

"Yeah, Jake and I are..." Sean wasn't entirely sure what he was agreeing to, bit it was definitely something. 

"Listen, he's cool with this. We're hardly in a normal situation, and we have to support each other as best we can. I think, after what you've been going through the last few days, you need to experience something real, to bring you back to yourself." James paused, thinking. His eyes were shining again, with some unspoken emotion. As Sean stood nervously, James suddenly turned and grabbed him, mashing his lips to Sean's mouth. He calmed himself quickly, and kissed with focused passion, exploring Sean's mouth. Finally, Sean opened his almond eyes, pulling back to look at James' own, which were no longer sad, but on fire with lust.

They headed toward the shore and Sean gently pulled him down until they were lying on the smooth stones of the beach. They kissed again, deeper now, and James sighed into Sean's mouth as Sean found his already firm cock. Sean smoothly tugged, moving the skin as the veins continued to fill with blood. James gasped as Sean ran his thumb over the sensitive head, before moving his mouth downward, finding a rock-hard nipple with his questing lips and sucking it into his hot mouth. James raised his chest and panted as Sean ran his hand over the other nipple, taking it between thumb and forefinger and tweaking it firmly. He spent some time on these sensitive nubs, switching between them and noting how James loved the increasing force, writhing beneath him. Sean pulled back to watch James' handsome face, his mouth slightly open as he licked his lips distractedly. James' closed eyes flicked open and he grinned at Sean, displaying his perfect white teeth and a sparkle in his eye. 

"You look happy. That I like," Sean grinned back, then glanced down at the impressively grown cock; seven and a half inches of smooth velvet skin, 

"That I like even more," he said, reaching for it and sliding his hand up and around. 

James' flat stomach was cross-crossed with welts and bruises, most fading, but a few newer ones that he guessed were Simmons' work. Sean passed over it lightly, not wanting to remind James of the pain. He shuffled his body down, wanting to make James feel good now, instead. He took the head of that smooth cock into his mouth, allowing it to tickle the roof. The shaft twitched in his firm grip and Sean ran his tongue over the slit, collecting the pre cum, pulling back to let James see the string of cum that connected Sean's tongue to his cock, before rolling his tongue into his mouth and swallowing it down. He seemed to be turning into quite the cum slut, he pondered to himself, loving the salty tang. 

Now that he had moistened the tip, Sean attacked it with enthusiasm, swallowing half the length in one go, to a gratifying grunt from James. Gently, he began to work more and more into his accommodating mouth, continuing to develop his new-fund deep-throating skills. He breathed carefully through his mouth, until he felt the head pop into his throat. James forced himself to stay still, despite his building desire to thrust forward, as he could sense that Sean needed to become accustomed to the sensation. The muscles of Sean's throat massaged the tip firmly until he let it pop back out and took a hard breath, refilling his lungs. He let his full lips run along the length of the shaft, nibbling carefully.

"I want to taste you," James growled, as he pushed Sean back so they could swap positions. James' more experienced mouth quick slathered Sean's stiff six inches in saliva, licking all over like it was the tastiest lollipop. When it was shimmering with moisture he dove down the entire length, expertly massaging it into his throat, bobbing his head rapidly. Sean could only take a couple of minutes of this expert throat-fucking.

"I want you to fuck me," he growled.

"Really?!" James' usually deep voice was high-pitched and Sean giggled.

"Yes, really. I want to feel that big cock sliding into my ass." Sean suddenly thought of something, "Unless you don't top?"

"I do, I'm more than happy to oblige," James' voice was back to normal and he unexpectedly shuffled further down. Sean was confused for a moment until he felt James' strong fingers parting his ass cheeks, and his hot tongue slide along the crack. 

"Mmmm," Sean moaned in ecstasy as James slathered moisture around the area, pushing his tongue just inside the tight ring and flicking fast. He eventually took his mouth away to replace it with his long index finger, pushing it through the tight ring, adding a second while Sean squirmed.

"Please fuck me," he breathed. James leaned over Sean's body, pushing his legs wide and positioning the head of his long cock at the tight pink hole. Sean gasped with desire, moving his hips to try and force the tip inside him. James teased him for a moment, increasing his own lubricating pre-cum as the movement affected him. 

Then he held Sean's hips and pushed irrevocably forward, until the head broke through. Sean squeaked and breathed deeply. James wasn't as thick as Jake, but the lack of lube was definitely making the sensation rougher. He breathed through the stretching, focusing on relaxing as James continued to push forward. When he could feel James' balls resting on his ass cheeks he tightened and released his muscles while James held still. As he felt the vice-like grip become slightly less so, James carefully leaned forward to kiss Sean's perfect lips, moving inside him with the smallest movements. Finally, Sean pulled away slightly.

"Fuck me," he whispered into James' mouth. James increased his movement, pulling out and forcing himself all the way in, slowly at first. When he could feel Sean's hips rising in time to his movements, demanding more force, he began to thrust with powerful strokes. Sean's eyes rolled back at the intensity.

"Oh fuck yes, fuck me with that big cock. Stretch my hole. I want to feel you swelling inside me," he babbled. With the final statement James couldn't hold back any longer and he felt his shaft begin to expand as his balls tightened. He could feel Sean's ass muscles contracting along his length as he unloaded with a deep groan. 

"I'm sorry Sean, I couldn't hold back."

"It's okay James, I didn't want you to, that felt...aaaaahhhh," Sean couldn't finish his words as James had bent to take his solid cock into his mouth and was sliding down with intent. He massaged Sean's balls as he twisted his head, sucking. He pulled back and slid his middle finger into Sean's ass, and the re-stretching of that already tightened hole was enough to force the hot cum from him, and it splashed onto his stomach. They lay for a moment, basking. Then James rose.

"Thank you, Sean," he said sincerely, "It worked, you know; I feel so much better now, and I can't wait to try the new plan with Simmons."

The next day passed as usual. There had been a group counselling session with Dr. Neale and a Social Science lesson with Ms. Harrier. Now, they were being worked hard in PT by Simmons and Brookes. Sean crouched, feeling burning in his stomach muscles after the last circuit. He cast his eye around the others at various points of the circuit. Almost everyone was suffering at this point, despite the preponderance of strong muscles and youthful flesh. The new boy, Mark, who had arrived on Saturday, was red faced and panting. He was dark-eyed with a ready laugh; but didn't seem very used to physical activity. 

Lab alone managed to make it look easy, his elongated arms grasping easily at the monkey bars, his powerful legs swinging freely, launching his body forward. Sean admired his strength, rippling as it did beneath his sweat-sheened dark-chocolate skin. He felt a crack of pain across his naked shoulders and yelled out. 

"Get up, you fucking pussy!" Simmons screamed, "You haven't earned a rest faggot." Sean moved forward to the next station, finding reserves of energy in his desire to avoid Simmons' attention. As he did another set of sit ups, he saw Simmons saunter over to Brookes and nudge his side while gesturing to Sean. He laughed, and Brookes shrugged, but his face turned to a scowl as Simmons swaggered off to harass James. 
