 I would really appreciate constructive feedback in the comments.

Side note: I encourage safe sex. These guys don't use condoms so we're assuming they have all been tested by the doc and are clean for the purposes of the story - I did initially add a few lines indicating that within the story but it was very clunky and I took it out, so please just take it as read.

******

Sean awoke feeling refreshed, to the sounds of men going about their day. He sat up in bed and saw Michael and Tim seated close on one of the sofas, Tim's legs over Michael's and Michael's arm firmly around his shoulder. Their heads were close and they were talking and laughing together quietly. Sean was to discover that they were almost always entwined in some way during their down time, when they could get away with it. Lab was alternating push ups and crunches in a space near the beds and Sean admired his gleaming black muscles. Skylar and Fox were seated at one end of the table, apparently studying, with frowns of concentration on their faces. Corby sat at the other end, reading a thick novel, a bruise forming at his cheek. Craig and Josh sat on opposite ends of another sofa, watching an old cartoon and reminiscing on watching it as kids. The only person missing was Jake. The cute guy with the amazing green eyes. Sean sulked a little to himself. He could use some luck. Suddenly, a pair of lightly haired, toned legs swung over the top bunk, followed swiftly by a very cute bubble butt in slim-fitting black chino shorts. Jake hopped down from the bunk and turned to see Sean was awake. 

"Hey there, sleepy head," he grinned a cheeky side-smile, "how're you feeling?"

"Okay... thirsty though." Sean smiled back.

"Wait..." Jake went to the sink, pulling a plastic cup from the cabinet and filling it with icy water from the tap. He brought it to Sean, who sat up further and saw Jake held 'Catcher in the Rye' in his other hand.

"Thank you," Sean gratefully took the cup and drained it. He pointed to the book Jake held. "So, you're reading 'Catcher in the Rye'?" he asked, then internally kicked himself for the stupidity of the question.

"Yeah," Jake gave that grin again, and it sent Sean's heartrate through the roof. Hmmm, worth exploring that reaction further, he thought. Jake continued, "It's not that great to be honest. The guy isn't that sympathetic as a protagonist." Sean laughed.

"I agree! I don't get why people thought he was the voice to represent them," the two launched into a conversation about the book. Sean sat against his pillow with his knees up. His heart raced again as Jake settled by his feet. As they animatedly continued their discussion Sean was excited as he noted Jake leaning forward more, until he was gently resting against Sean's knees. Their faces close, they were so into each other's thoughts they jumped when Josh sauntered over.

"C'mon Jake. Time to sort dinner."

"Shit! Is that the time already?" Jake looked searchingly at Sean for a moment and Sean briefly lost himself in the sea, holding his breath. "Hey Sean," Jake asked, "how about you come help me with dinner prep so we can keep talking?" Sean nodded, happily. "Josh, you stay here, we'll sort dinner." Josh shrugged and returned to the television, and Jake and Sean headed up to the house.

Jake showed Sean the kitchen on the other side of the dining room. On the far side again, there was a smaller dining room, where the staff ate. 

"We make food for ten inmates..."

"Inmates?" Sean interrupted.

"Yeah, it's a joke really, but let's face it, this is a prison. Don't let the warden hear you saying that though...or calling him the warden, I guess. Definitely would be the punishment room for that," Sean nodded, understanding, "plus five guards, Dr. Neale, Father O'Donnolly, and Ms. Harrier. So, we make food for 19 people. 20 at lunchtimes when O'Rourke is here."

"O'Rourke doesn't live here?" Sean questioned.

"No, because his dad owns this place he lives at home. We're lucky he's lazy - he only comes in about four days a week and then only then to push his weight around for a few hours because he includes the drive in his work day. Brookes is the one that actually organizes everything." Sean felt some relief. After what he'd seen that morning he definitely didn't want any run-ins with O'Rourke. 

The boys stripped three large chickens that the lunch crew had left cooking, cooked potatoes, and made salad.

"They feed us well, but it's all healthy stuff," Jake complained, "I swear I will eat, like, eight burgers the day I get out." He fished pots of Greek yogurt out of the fridge while Sean chopped fruit. At five to six, they had everything laid out in the two dining rooms and Jake pressed the button in the kitchen that rang the bell across the compound. People arrived within minutes and Sean and Jake naturally sat close together at the long table, continuing to chat. Their conversation wasn't even particularly flirtatious, but Sean felt like grinning hugely just listening to his smooth voice. He wasn't sure why. When Jake brushed his hand against Sean's thigh he thought his heart would leap out of his mouth. Despite his hunger - he hadn't eaten since breakfast - Sean could barely focus on his food. 

On the way back to the bunkhouse, Jake and Sean hung back. As everyone else headed off, Jake took hold of Sean's hand and pulled him down the side of the house. Sean's heart was beating fast again. If he wasn't careful he'd have a heart attack if this kept going. The sun was setting and there was a chill in the air. Sean shivered, and Jake stopped, running his hand up Sean's spine to the base of his neck. They were almost exactly the same height and Sean looked directly into Jake's deep aquamarine eyes, framed with dark lashes and brows, feeling the intensity of his scrutiny. Sean could see lust, and wondered whether his own soft hazel eyes reflected that. They stood like that for a moment, then Jake's gaze shifted, roving over Sean's face, drinking him in. Sean felt like a statue, unable to move or even blink under Jake's examination. Jake moved closer, their torsos now touching. Sean bit his lip, waiting for the next move. Suddenly, Jake closed the gap, connecting his lips to Sean's ear and dropping butterfly kisses down his neck and along the clavicle. Sean threw his head back in pleasure at the flutters across his sensitive skin. Jake pushed his mouth closer, kissing and licking more forcefully, drawing in the clean hot smell of Sean's skin.

"Fuck, you're beautiful," Jake whispered. He moved in again, making contact with Sean's lips. Sean felt the dominance and opened himself to the kiss, accepting Jake's tongue, running his own along the side of it until he had also entered Jake's mouth. The passion increased, they wrestled, breathing heavily into each other's mouths. Jake's hands fell to Sean's ass, stroking and kneading the firm buns. He slid his hands into Sean's waistband, stroking the soft flesh. Sean grabbed Jake's tight hips, squeezing the muscle, pushing forward. Their lips separated, Sean took the opportunity to lift Jake's shirt, revealing his smooth, pale skin. Sean admired the oversized hummingbird tattooed across his right pec, the wings open in flight, the green of the wings mirrored by his eyes. He ran his fingers across the shape and lowered his lips to Jake's chest, kissing across the ink. He went lower, swirling his tongue around the pink nipples, kissing each one. Jake moaned his appreciation and shuddered in pleasure as Sean continued to travel down his toned stomach, dropping tiny rapid kisses on tattoos he encountered and along the treasure trail while his limber fingers unbuttoned Jake's shorts all the way down the fly. 

"Wait," Jake commanded. He pulled Sean up and kissed him again. Once again, Sean felt his dominance, and felt a frisson of physical desire run through his body, which only increased when Jake growled in his ear.

"Turn around, I want to eat your ass." Sean was spun and pushed forward so his hands were against the rough planks of the wall and his back was arched, presenting his ass. Jake dropped to his knees, smoothly pulling Sean's running shorts down his thighs. Jake placed his hands on Sean's cheeks, massaging them with strong fingers. He moved closer and leant his head in, pointing his tongue and running it along Sean's crack from taint to top, returning down to curl it around the tight pink hole. Sean heard Jake murmur in appreciation at what was before him, before lapping harder against the pucker, feeling the ridges as it twitched against his tongue. Sean breathed deeply as Jake worked his tongue harder, pushing it repeatedly against the tightly closed dimple. Using his fingers to spread the cheeks wider, Sean felt the hole begin to relax, which allowed Jake's tongue to enter and withdraw. Jake slathered the area with moisture, working his tongue deeper, listening to Sean's rapid breathing and sighs of arousal. Sean rested his forehead against his hand, allowing himself to be overtaken with the concentrated sensations, focusing only on that and ensuring his legs didn't buckle with the intensity as the onslaught continued for several minutes.

Finally, Jake growled, "Play with yourself," and Sean obediently fished his hard cock from the jock and started to gently pump, adding to the new and overwhelming sensations governing his body. Jake continued licking and sucking, using his hand between Sean's legs, gently rolling and stroking his balls. After a few more minutes of continued attention Sean couldn't hold back any longer. Sean's balls constrict within Jake's hands as he grunted, his asshole tightening around Jake's tongue, and released his load against the wall.

"Fuck, that was amazing, Jake," Sean breathed. They kissed again, then he obediently dropped to his knees as Jake gently pushed his shoulders down, where he pulled Jake's shorts down over his hips. Sean pressed his face against the jock-covered cock, already more than semi-stiff. Sean kissed along with pouting lips and when he reached the tip he carefully pulled the waistband down, allowing the length to pop forward onto his flattened tongue. Sean looked up, keeping eye contact as he slapped the thick cock, now fully engorged, onto his hot, wet tongue. He wrapped his hand around the shaft and gently manipulated the skin up and down. He swirled his tongue around the exposed head, feeling the smooth velvet skin. He puckered his lips, creating a tiny vacuum of suction while he used the pointed tip of his tongue to massage along the slit. Jake moaned.

"Jesus Christ, I thought you were new to this, that feels just..." he gasped, "amazing." Sean pulled back for a moment.

"I am," he laughed, "I'm glad you like it, but I'd really like it if you taught me some stuff too."

"Oh, I'll definitely be doing that," Jake growled, in a voice filled with greed, as he guided Sean's head back to his cock. Sean continued his assiduous actions, sucking and licking along the side, using one hand on Jake's balls and the other lightly twisting on the lower part of the shaft. Continuing the movement of his hands, Sean took the head into his mouth, applying pressure by sucking as he allowed, little by little, more into the moist sanctuary. Jake leaned against the wall, crossing his arms across his chest, determined not to overstep as Sean continued to take him inside. As the thick cock reached the back of his throat Sean sucked air through his nose and pushed forward, focusing on swallowing Jake into his throat. Jake looked down and saw Sean's nose pressed against his neatly trimmed pubes, felt his wet tongue twirling along the underside of his shaft, the massaging of Sean's throat muscles, and he moaned.

"Fuck, that's incredible. You're incredible." Sean pulled back and repeated the action, increasing in speed as he became more accustomed to the invasion and getting his breathing right. He didn't know why, but he had already decided that this was something he wanted to become expert at, and he knew he was going to really enjoy practicing with Jake. After several more minutes of the rhythmical sucking and licking and massage Jake couldn't hold on.

"I'm going to cum," he announced, "can I cum in your throat?" Sean didn't respond, just continued with his actions, his hands gripping Jake's ass, squeezing and stroking as he matched the actions with his mouth and throat. Jake bit his own finger as he came, desperately trying not to make too much noise, shooting a prodigious amount into Sean's throat. After the first few jets, Sean had to pull back, it was to much for him to swallow in one go. He managed to keep most in his mouth and swallow it down, though the last couple of shots hit his neck. Jake pulled him up, gasping for breath, into a hug, laughing as he dealt with the mindfuck of such an intense feeling.

"Thank you," he grinned. He pulled Sean in closer, kissing his mouth and then moving his head down to lick the cum from his neck. They kissed again, gently now, both sated for the time being. 

"Come on," Jake said, "it's already passed curfew and we will get into big trouble if we're caught out here." They walked towards the dorm hand-in-hand, separating as they left the protection of the walls of the main house. As they walked into the barn only a couple of people noticed them slip in. Michael shot Sean a knowing look and Skylar gave them both a surreptitious thumb's up. Sean was a little embarrassed at being caught out like that, but also strangely proud, particularly as he noted Jake's confident strut into the room. They sat together on Sean's bed, chatting about innocuous things and Sean just enjoyed the proximity and the way Jake casually stroked his leg while they talked. They started with safe subjects, Sean told Jake about his friendship with Ali and Sam and his hope to become a human rights lawyer, and Jake told Sean about his apprenticeship with a tattoo artist and pointed out the beautifully drawn additions to his own body from that artist and himself. Sean was impressed at the skill shown. Things started to get more personal and Jake held Sean's hand tightly as Sean told him what had happened the night before. Jake admitted to Sean that he'd actually been sent to Shady Pines because he had been getting into trouble because of strained relations with his parents, acting out and getting involved with a bad crowd. A brush with the law had led to an ultimatum, which had led to Shady Pines, where he had been for a week longer than Sean.

Later, most people were preparing for bed and Sean and Jake joined in the ablutions. People got into bed, reading or quietly chatting. Lights out was at 10pm - early to bed, early to rise - and the others all knew the routine well enough to stay out of trouble. When Jake came out of the bathroom he stopped at Sean, who was standing by his bed, and, placing his hand on Sean's shoulder, quickly but firmly kissed his lips before nimbly swinging himself up into the top bunk. Sean climbed into bed with a happy grin on his face just as the guard, Frost, came into the building.

"Lights out boys," he flipped the switch by the door, "sleep well." Almost as soon as he left Sean sensed movement in the room. He saw a shadow by Michael's bed and figured it was Tim hopping down from his top bunk to get in with Michael. There was still some tired murmuring, from them and elsewhere in the room. After a couple of minutes someone went past the end of his bed, he thought it might be Skylar, with someone unidentified in tow, heading to the bathroom for some late-night fun. He felt the bed move and sensed rather than saw Jake jumping down from his bunk, and felt him lean over to whisper.

"Is there room in there for me?" Sean flipped his covers back and Jake slid in beside him, curving his body around Sean's and pulling him tight with a strong arm. Sean couldn't quite place the feeling of safety he got from having Jake this close, but he identified the arousal quickly enough when Jake purred sexily in his ear.

"Can I fuck you tomorrow?" Sean just arched his back and pushed his ass into Jake's crotch, wriggling it, emphasizing his delight at the suggestion. After the excitement of the afternoon, both boys were sound asleep within a few minutes.

The camp-wide bell rang at 6 am. Sean woke bleary-eyed, then remembered where he was. He pressed back, finding Jake's hard body, and smiled to himself. Jake leaned in and kissed Sean's neck, giving a cheeky tweak to his nipple before jumping out of bed.

"Eurgh," Sean groaned, "don't tell me you're a morning person."

"Hmmm," Jake pondered for a moment, "not especially. Maybe sometimes when I'm happy." He gave that side-smile, his trademark, and bounded to the bathroom. Sean rose more slowly, as everyone began the day by getting ready for the morning run. After that, there was breakfast, chores, followed by a mandated game of touch-football on the wide lawn. O'Rourke was blessedly absent on an errand for Willis, who was holed up in his office, and there was a lot of laughter and good-natured joking around. For a time, it felt like a real summer camp, albeit in spring-time. Sean met Father O'Donnolly, who shook his hand warmly and held his gaze a little longer than was comfortable. Dr. Neale, being as tall and well-built as he was, proved skilled in football, and his team won the match comfortably, particularly with college players like Sean and Colby on his side.

After lunch, the boys spread out, doing their own thing. Jake cornered Sean and whispered,

"I'm taking you for a walk in the woods," Sean nodded, suddenly feeling nervous, but determined. Jake continued, "I'll grab what we need, you head straight out - we can't be seen going together. I'll join you in 5." Sean went straight out, heading down the first path into the woods. A short way in he stopped by a broad elm, partially hidden as he waited for Jake. He saw Jake exit the bunkhouse, with a backpack slung over one shoulder, and pause under the porch. Suddenly, to Sean's horror, he saw O'Rourke appear behind Jake and grab his shoulder. He couldn't hear the words clearly from this distance, but he could tell O'Rourke was barking angrily at Jake. He grabbed the bag from Jake's shoulder and ripped it open, pulling out the contents as he ranted. Sean didn't know what was in the bag but he knew it wouldn't be good, based on what their intentions had been. He watched O'Rourke spin Jake around, twisting his arm up behind his back using his baton. He heard O'Rourke scream,

"Who is it?" and realized that O'Rourke was demanding to know who Jake had been meeting. He debated running forward but realized quickly that would be useless. If O'Rourke was psychotic they'd both be in big trouble. O'Rourke began pushing Jake toward the woods, luckily heading for a different path. As quietly as possible Sean began to make his way to the side, trying to get as far away as he could from O'Rourke. He arrived at the edge of the woods and, checking one last time that O'Rourke was facing the other way, he ran up and across, aiming to look as though he was running toward the main house. At the sound of running O'Rourke turned and screamed at Sean to stop. At the last moment, after going around the corner of the bunkhouse, Sean veered sharply left, running through the door, pausing only long enough to push it closed and strip off his red t-shirt, dropping it in the laundry basket. Everyone who was in the bunkhouse stopped what they were doing and looked up in shock. Brookes, seated at the table playing cards with a couple of the boys, was the first to react.

"Michael, t-shirt," he commanded. Michael was by the beds and he grabbed a blue t-shirt from Sean's cabinet, tossing it to him. Sean pulled it on and slid into a chair at the table. Lab quickly dealt him a hand of cards and he picked them up, breathing deeply to slow the panic. Everyone turned back to what they had been doing, just as O'Rourke burst through the door, slamming it hard against the wall.
