 A note: this is set at least 10 years ago. I've always had an idea in my mind about a 'present day' continuation. I've never mentioned it because it was irrelevant – but it actually becomes pretty important over the next couple of chapters to ensure willing suspension of disbelief.

I would love comments – I really want to improve my writing but need feedback to be able to tell what is/isn't working. Thanks for reading.

*****

Later that day they gathered at an old wooden picnic bench close to the edge of the trees.

"So, what's your plan, Logan?" Brookes asked, slightly apprehensively. He'd promised to help, and fully intended to do everything he could, but he couldn't pretend to not be nervous about where it might leave him.

"Do you want to go to the police?" Billy asked.

"No," Logan was certain. "Listen, I've learned enough about what happens to the victims in cases like this to know I'm not putting my trust in the system to look after me. I won't do that to myself or to the other people who might get dragged into it," he glanced at Jake and Sean. "We covered this in my social journalism course at Greenholt and I'm not doing it."

"You go to Greenholt?"

"You're studying journalism?" Sean and Brookes spoke at the same time.

"Yeah, I'm a sophomore," he answered both of them.

"How come I've never seen you?" Sean asked incredulously. He couldn't quite believe that someone as good looking as Logan could have been walking around college and he hadn't noticed.

"You go there too? That's crazy!" Logan laughed. "I guess we move in different circles," he paused. "Hang on, you're not Sean Atkins are you? Your mom is one of the Deans: Mrs. Thompson?"

"Umm, yeah," Sean admitted.

"She taught me one semester. That's not how I heard of you though. You're friends with Sam Delguardo aren't you?" Sean nodded, smiling, "He spends a fair bit of time at our frat house, Delta Upsilon Kappa. He talks about you all the time. We tried to get him to bring you to a party but he didn't think it would be your scene. Guess he was wrong about that!" Logan chortled.

Jake shifted uncomfortably in his seat. Sean blushed, suddenly realizing how awkward this conversation could become. He was relieved when Brookes interrupted.

"I have a way to get Willis to leave you alone," he announced. "To get Willis to stay away from Sean I told him he was pre-law. His aim is definitely to stay out of trouble. If I tell him you're going to be a journalist he'll back right off." That explained what Sean and Jake had wondered about Sean's apparent immunity to Willis. 

"Not yet," Logan shook his head. "I might not be brave enough to get him legitimately, but I do want to take him out of the picture – not just get him away from me." He took a breath.

"You said you'd help," he directed at Brookes, who nodded. "Can you get hold of some recording equipment – a camcorder, and sound recording? I want to record him with me and use it to blackmail him into leaving here and not doing anything like this in the future." Brookes nodded, appreciating the simplicity in the plan.

"I can order some stuff. But even express it'll take a few days to get here. We don't get post every day. I think it will work as a plan. Willis has a wife and two young kids – that's why he's often away for a day or more at a time. I think he'd do anything to keep his dirty little secret from getting out. Particularly as his wife has family money. He likes to brag."

"But that's no good," Billy complained, "Logan can't have several more days of having to deal with Willis."

"Yes, I can," Logan placed a hand over Billy's. "I feel good about this plan, but we have to do it right." Billy looked sick, but Logan was determined. Brookes headed off to order some items online. 

In the end, Brookes had a quicker idea. He ordered it for delivery to the post office in the nearest town. It meant they would arrive the next day, but he and Billy would be out almost the whole day collecting them. Luckily, the stars aligned, and Willis was going to be out too, at some family function, so Brookes would install the equipment then.

The next day, in the afternoon, Jake and Sean were laying on the grass, Sean's head resting on Jake's chest and listening to his heartbeat. O'Rourke had left at lunchtime, so the atmosphere was relaxed. Logan came out of the bunkhouse and flopped down beside them. 

"You looking forward to going home at the weekend?" he asked Jake.

"Not especially," Jake stroked Sean's back, "but at least Sean is out the week after."

"That'll be a reunion and a half," they all laughed, but Sean nervously. Though he knew Jake was a warm and funny guy and they talked about all sorts, Jake wasn't open about his emotions and they hadn't discussed what would happen between them when they were both out. 

Perhaps they were each afraid of what might come up. He liked the idea that it was a natural assumption that they'd still see each other. But, as the time drew nearer, he was becoming confused about his feelings for Sam, which he'd been so sure were strong before he met Jake. 

"So," Logan mused, "most of the staff are out, and there's enough of the guys missing from in there to make me think the rest are occupied...wanna fool around?" Sean and Jake shared a look.

"Definitely," Jake announced. Logan shimmied over until he was laying on the other side of Jake. He angled his face, pouting his lips and applying a soft touch to Jake. They kissed lightly for a moment, enjoying this new sensation. Logan turned his head to meet Sean, and they caressed more forcefully, already knowing the feeling; passionately embracing as Jake watched, enraptured. 

"Fuck, you guys are hot," he exhaled. Logan's hand slide down Jake's t-shirt, coming to rest by his stiffening cock. He stroked it softly, feeling the shape through the thin fabric of Jake's shorts. He kept stroking and squeezing while Sean ran his hands over Jake's torso.

Pushing the t-shirt high, Sean shifted his body and began to nibble tenderly down Jake's chest to his stomach. Logan followed, pausing to suck and flick across each of Jake's sensitive nipples on the way. As Sean pecked down Jake's furred treasure trail he pulled down the elasticated waist of his shorts, allowing the thick cock to spring free. Sean caught it on his waiting tongue, swirling around the smooth exposed tip. Logan joined him, murmuring in appreciation as he slid along the shaft, meeting Sean at the top to share another kiss. They moved their mouths back over the tip in unison, in a messy cock-filled French kiss. 

Logan moved his head down to lap and suck at Jake's balls, as Sean took the opportunity to swallow the cock down. He massaged it with his throat as Logan brought his pointed tongue up, running it along the seal between Sean's lips and the base of Jake's shaft. They swapped, so Logan could fill his hungry throat with the solid meat, while Sean nipped and sucked at the sensitive skin around Jake's defined v.

"Let's go to Brookes' room," Jake suggested in a horny growl. The three of them were on their feet and heading that way in seconds, grabbing and giggling their way up the stairs, no real need to be careful right now. They tumbled, laughing, through Brookes' doorway and onto his bed. Sean jumped up to shut and lock the door as Logan and Jake shared a kiss, filled with the fire of passion. 

Sean turned to watch them for a moment, watching how submissively accepting Logan was of Jake's dominant mouth and wondering if he looked that good in the same position. He knew he felt that good, as he softly tickled the sensitive skin of his engorged cock.

"I want you to eat Sean's ass," Jake whispered in Logan's ear. Logan readily turned to Sean, pulling his shorts down smoothly and stroking the revealed flesh. Sean turned away and Logan ran his thumbs over the firm ass cheeks, pulling them apart so he could view the tight hole, already shivering with anticipation. Logan pushed his head forward, running his tongue over the wrinkled skin, tickling it with the tip. 

Jake moved in close behind him as Sean pulled his t-shirt off. Jake wrapped his legs around Logan, gently running his hands down his torso as he watched the arousing sight. Logan pushed hard, forcing inside and flicking fast.

"That's right, tongue-fuck that tight hole, open it up," Jake growled.

Sean's legs were beginning to feel unsteady so he was thankful when Jake instructed Logan to take his clothes off.

"Get on the bed. Sean, come help me eat this gorgeous asshole," Sean spread Logan's ass with the flat of his hands and, resting his face on the delightful curve, attacked it from the top pushing his tongue down the crack and over the muscled pucker. Jake watched for a moment before stealing in for a kiss, thrusting in Sean before transferring his lips to the soft skin of Logan's butt.

Sean went back, making the ridges glisten wetly with his saliva. Jake arrived from the other direction, firmly passing over Logan's sensitive perineum and up, until his tongue met Sean's and they wrestled over the sweet hole. Logan moaned and pushed his ass up high, loving the feel of two men obsessing over his body but wanting more. Jake took over, smushing his lips down onto the ring, pushing in hard and tongue-fucking Logan into a gibbering mess. 

"Fuck, yes. It feels so good, keep going," Sean watched in awe, stroking his hand up Logan's back before tickling his fingers down, making Logan arch his back and push his ass even higher. 

After a few minutes Logan was beyond horny. 

"I wanna get fucked," he demanded greedily. 

"How will we do this?" Sean wondered.

"Sean," Jake asked tentatively, looking almost shy as he didn't want to put undue pressure on him, "I'd really like to see Logan fuck you, if you think you could?" Sean laughed and planted his warm lips on Jake's mouth.

"Definitely, but what will we do about Logan's obvious need?!" he asked with a raised eyebrow.

"I'd like to watch you getting fucked while I fuck Logan. Would you be up for that Logan?"

"For sure," Logan was delighted, "show me the ass."

Jake pushed Logan onto his back, his thick cock hard and ready. As Jake grabbed the lube, Sean twirled his tongue around the head, wetting it before sliding down. As Jack turned, he watched with an open jaw as Sean took the length, giving a little cough to accept the moistened tip as deep as he could. Jake dove forward to feel Sean's throat stretch around the pole.

"Wow," he breathed, "that is so fucking sexy." Logan panted, his eyes rolling back. Sean bobbed a few times, then pulled up, leaving a string of shiny spit from his lip to the glistening head. He held out his hand, and Jake poured a generous amount of lube onto his palm, so he could fist it over Logan's cock, removing all friction. 

Jake moved down, licking into Sean's hole, before pushing first one, then another, lubed finger deep inside him. After a moment, he guided Sean up, facing him, with his ass over the intimidating shaft. Sean put his hands behind him, onto Logan's shoulders, and Logan supported his arms as Sean lifted his hips so Jake could guide his willing passage onto the tip of Logan's cock.

Sean slightly pushed down so the head pressed past his sphincter, gasping through the stretch. He held still for a moment while Jake supported his ass. Then Sean allowed Jake to guide him down, accepting Logan inside him inch by inch. It was an intense feeling, but one that only made him growl in pleasure as, after some moments, he reached full penetration. He and Logan were still for a minute before each patiently began shifting up and down, feeling each movement within Sean's tight channel. 

"Turn around," Jake whispered in Sean's ear, gripping Logan's base while Sean twisted to face Logan and sit more securely upright, able to use his thighs to control the movement.

Jake applied lube to Logan's eager hole, pushing forward with a finger. Logan moaned, opening his legs to allow Jake access. As Sean gently slid up and down Logan's hard rod, Jake plunged his fat tip into Logan's delectable ass with an appreciative groan. He held Sean's hips and, as he drove forward, he pulled Sean down so they were all fully impaled at once. They all cried out simultaneously at the pleasure of the intensity and then dissolved into giggles.

When they recovered, they built up a rhythm, rocking tenderly but deeply, each just reveling in the sensations. Sean leaned forward to kiss Logan firmly, pushing his tongue inside his gasping mouth as Logan ran his hands along Sean's twisting sides. As Sean leaned forward, Jake admired the sight of his taut hole, stretched around Logan's wide pole. Logan felt incredible wrapped around him but he wanted to be inside his guy. 

"Logan, I want Sean to fuck you now," he demanded. Sean quickly shifted positions, pushing forward into Logan, moaning out loud as he was encased in the snug, slick passage. Jake watched for a moment, running his hands over Sean's sensitive skin. He lost himself in the glorious sight and the sounds of pleasure emanating from the two. 

Suddenly, he remembered himself with a start and chuckled at letting himself miss out just because he found the picture before him so exciting. Jake carefully pushed Sean forward, revealing his already re-closed pucker. He applied some more lube to himself and pushed forward into Sean as Sean did the same to Logan. Jake took hold of Sean's hips and controlled the speed, increasing in force and speed.

"Fuck yes, squeeze that hole," Sean demanded of Logan, unconsciously tensing his own muscles around Jake's shaft at the same time.

Logan was building to orgasm, lifting to meet Sean's thrusts as best he could under the pressure of both of them. He jerked his cock, feeling the rise of his release as it came, splashing across his chest. It was only a few more strokes before the intensity of feeling overwhelmed Sean and he pulled out of Logan to add his creamy deposit.

"Fuck, that looks good," Jake growled, "Logan, do you mind if I...?"

"Go for it," Logan said huskily. Jake pulled out of Sean and jerked his cock over Logan's hot chest, spraying multiple shots of seed over his already spattered skin. He'd barely finished when Sean bent forward, scooping up their mixed cum. Jake joined him and they collected it up, kissing messily and then fighting to tongue Logan's mouth. They fell, laughing, to the bed, spent.

When Brookes and Billy returned it was already dark. A few of the boys were playing a board game in the bunkhouse. Billy approached Logan and gesticulated for him to move to one side. Jake and Sean followed.

"We got it," Billy announced. "Brookes is just setting it up in Willis' office," he turned to look searchingly into Logan's face, "Are you ready for this?"

"Definitely," Logan stated confidently, but Sean saw him bite his lip when Billy had turned away.

The next day, Willis was back. He called for Logan as usual. Logan went off with Brookes after giving a brief hug to Sean and Jake, as they wished him luck. Brookes had insisted Billy stay away, knowing he wouldn't have been able to drop Logan off and leave. Even so, Brookes didn't intend to disappear after he'd left Logan. 

He certainly hadn't voiced his concerns, but he was worried Logan would be too hopped up on the idea of catching Willis out and would do something to make Willis wary. He suspected Willis would do pretty much anything to avoid getting caught. 

Brookes patted Logan on the back as he deposited him in front of Willis' desk.

"Logan here for counselling, Sir," Brookes tried to keep his voice normal, knowing every sound was being recorded. He walked out of the room but didn't quite shut the door, standing in the corridor and straining to listen. He heard Willis move.

"Are you shaking, boy?" he heard Willis bark.

"I'm sorry, Sir," Brookes could almost see the wobble of Logan's lip in his mind's eye.

Brookes found himself clenching his fists as the situation unfolded. As he heard Logan begging for Willis not to 'do this' he knew he'd definitely made the right call in keeping Billy away. There would have been a murder committed otherwise, he knew that. When it was over, Brookes quickly moved to the end of the corridor. When Logan came out alone, he approached him.

"You okay?" he asked solicitously. Logan shrugged. It wasn't fun, but he felt good about doing something proactive.

"You're a pretty good actor," Brookes said. Logan shrugged again, non-committally. "I guess it wasn't really acting though." Logan looked at his feet, and Brookes finally realized he should leave the subject alone.

"Go up and see Billy," Brookes instructed. "He'll want to know you're okay. I'll go check the feed and see what we got." Logan finally smiled, relief writ-large on his face, and he headed upstairs.

That evening, everyone was hanging out as usual. Quite a few of the guys were due to leave on Saturday, having completed their two, three, or four-month stint. Brookes had told Sean they were expecting quite a few newbies at the weekend, as that always happened when they approached the long summer vacation. Sean was disinterested. He felt sick at the thought of Jake leaving. He needed some fresh air. Disentangling himself from Jake, who he'd been resting against on the sofa, Sean quietly rose and went outside. 

He took deep breaths of the clean night air. It didn't make any difference. The overwhelming sadness he felt was still there. He sat on the cool grass, hugging his knees close to his chest, staring unseeingly into the pitch-black of the forest. He was like this, unmoving, when Jake came looking for him some time later.

"Hey," Jake said softly, "what's up?"

"Just feeling a bit bleurgh," Sean responded, less than eloquently. "I don't want you to go."

"I know. And I don't want to leave you. But the sooner I get out, the sooner your time comes and then..."

"Then what?" Sean asked.

"I'll see you," Jake paused, "won't I?"

"Yes, I want that more than anything. If you do...?"

"Yes," Jake sat behind Sean, wrapping his arms and hooking his legs so he was tightly embracing him.

"It's just," Sean's voice was a little wobbly, "even though there's some shit stuff about here, it's been so simple. We're so close, and there's never been anything in our way, really. The real world is...it's complicated."

"I'm in the city. I'm only an hour away from you. That's nothing. We both have cars. You only have one more year at college – one more year of having to be at home, and I'll have finished my apprenticeship in less than that time. I'm not going to let a little distance get between us."

"And our families?" Sean asked.

"No way. I know your mom will be a problem and we can't be public because of her, but we can find a way around it. My family won't be a problem. They sent me here because I was doing dumb stuff. They don't like that I'm gay, but they'll come around. I'll easily keep my nose clean now I have you."

"I'm not staying at home for the year," Sean insisted, "I need to sort something out because they pay my fees, but I feel no loyalty to my mother any more. I feel like I don't even know her now. I can't predict what she'll be like, but I'll be getting away from her as soon as I can."

"Just be careful. She's obviously not in her right mind about your sexuality. Just...just be careful."

They sat in silence for a while, listening to the hoots and chitters of night time creatures. Jake hugged Sean even tighter. He wasn't used to expressing much emotion around people he cared about – his family were not effusive. He was oblivious to the fact that Sean wanted and needed something more from him at that moment. Before Sean's mom had remarried she had been the opposite; telling Sean and his sister that she loved them multiple times per day, always there for huge mom-hugs. 
