 Same as before, over 18, safe sex implied but not explicit.

There's no non-consent sex in this one - but there are some ideas/discussions that could be problematic if you have trouble with that kind of thing.

******

Some people left that weekend and a few days later a few of the remaining guys headed up to the main house for a counselling session with Dr. Neale. They gathered in the priest's office, which doubled as the counselling room, sitting comfortably on the soft sofas. Dr. Neale was tall and handsome, with a calming presence. Officially, the sessions were supposed to be denouncing homosexuality, but they usually actually spoke about mental health and political issues, and there was no judgement from the doctor, for fairly obvious reasons. 

Sean sat close to Jake on one couch, leaning slightly into his body, with Logan sitting on the other side of him. James sat on a floor cushion by their feet. Michael and Tim were together on another sofa, and two of the new arrivals, Mark and Russ, were sitting with Skylar on the third. The doctor sat comfortably in a leather armchair, looking over all of their faces.

"So today," the doctor began, "we're going to talk about what being gay means and how we want to deal with this in the world when we leave here. Michael, will you begin?" As the oldest member of the inmates, Michael was often called upon to get conversations started.

"Okay. Well for me, being gay just means being able to live my life like anyone else. With no one having an opinion on my sexuality that I haven't specifically invited to. I want to be able to kiss my boyfriend," he squeezed Tim's hand, "without anyone caring, just like they don't care if two straight people kiss." There were murmurs of agreement.

"But that's a nice theory for what you want when you leave here," James leaned forward, "but it isn't how it will be, is it?"

"That's true," Jake said, "we still have to be careful because so many people think they have a right to have a say in how we live. I mean, Michael, what will you say to your parents when you get out?"

"You're right," Michael agreed. "What will I say to my parents? Not a lot. As soon as Tim has finished college we're moving far away. Maybe New York or San Francisco. Somewhere we have at least a chance to be accepted as something other than a novelty or a sin."

"I agree," Sean said, "I can't risk my mom doing anything more extreme that what she has done sending me here. I'm going to have to pretend to be straight until I can get away."

"But Sean," asked Dr. Neale, "how does that fit with your ethics?"

"To be honest, the fact that the minute I came out to her she sent me somewhere with the intention of having the gayness forced out of me means I have no ethical quandary in lying to her for as long as it takes to get away. What about you, Dr. Neale. What's your ethical stance on being gay?"

"What do you mean?" the doctor blustered.

"Um, we all know you're gay, Sir," said Skylar, bluntly. "The only confusing thing about you is that you don't fuck us, like the others do. Why is that?" Dr. Neale blushed at the direct question, and everyone else waited with baited breath for the answer, especially Logan, as the only person the doctor had had sex with. 

"Okay," the doctor began, "I admire how willing you all are to be honest with each other and with me. So, I will return the favor. I am gay. When I wasn't working here I would have plenty of experiences, boyfriends, that kind of thing. But I hadn't done anything here because... well because I am quite well endowed, inconveniently so really, and a lot of people can't deal with it. Since I've been here I've concentrated on just enjoying giving a little pleasure where I can, until recently." He blushed a little at his own candor.

"Sir," Logan spoke quietly, "so why have you been having sex with me?" The doctor had sent for Logan almost every day since he had arrived. Logan pulled his legs up on the sofa and wrapped his arms around them, waiting for an answer.

"Logan, I am a little ashamed of myself about that, to be honest," he paused, aware of all the eyes in the room on him. "Mr. Willis informed me that you would be amenable, and when I realized you found it difficult..." he took a deep breath, "I didn't stop because it had reminded me how much I'd been missing that type of intimacy."

Logan hugged his legs tighter. There wasn't much he could say to that. He cast his eyes to the ground. Sean took his hand and gave it a squeeze. Skylar broke the silence.

"Just how big are you?"

"Will you show us?" James added. The doctor shrugged and stood. He took off his white lab coat and laid it on the chair. He unbuckled his belt and unzipped his trousers. Everyone but Logan leaned forward, intrigued. He fished his soft cock out of his boxers. It was large, but, Sean though to himself, it wasn't as big as Logan's. 

"It's not too massive," James spoke Sean's thoughts out loud.

"It's a lot bigger hard," Logan whispered. 

"Can we see?" James asked, crawling forward. He knelt by Dr. Neale, who stood with his arms by his side. James took the base in his hand and gently began moving his fisted hand up and down, increasing the pressure as he felt the blood begin to enter. He leant his head forward, swirling his tongue across the round head. With his eyes closed, he moved closer, opening his mouth wide to take the fat tip in, moving his head down. The shaft became harder and he felt the head reach the back of his mouth, realizing he probably wouldn't be able to take it into his throat straight away, if at all, it was so wide. 

James pulled his head back to see. Still holding onto the base, he gasped when he saw the size of it, grown hugely now it was fully aroused.

"Wow," he gasped, "you weren't lying." He glanced over at Skylar. "Skylar, you want to come and give me a hand with this?" With a grin and a wink over to Sean and Jake, Skylar jumped up and deposited himself next to James. He slid his mouth over the tip and took as much as he could. Just like James, he was stuck at the back of his mouth. The two licked and sucked along the sides, slathering saliva along the length. Then Skylar ducked down and began sucking and licking at the doctor's balls, tickling them with the tip of his tongue, as James lapped all around the huge pole with a flat tongue.

"I have an idea," James announced and stood up. "Hey guys," he said to Jake and Sean, "if I lay here will you raise me up?"

"Anytime, man," Jake said, laughing. James lay across their legs, so his shoulders were on the soft sofa arm, his ass was on Jake's lap and his long legs were on Sean. Logan had begun to relax and was as fascinated by what was going on as the rest of them. James allowed his head to hang off the edge of the arm and Skylar guided the doctor to him.

Skylar got the doctor to kneel and Jake helped James hang lower so his mouth was in line with the doctor's crotch. Skylar positioned the huge cock at James' open mouth and Dr. Neale carefully moved forward. He still couldn't get the head into James' throat and James pushed him back. He pulled Skylar down, kissing his mouth forcefully, and then whispered something in his ear. Skylar created moisture in his mouth and carefully shared it with James before spitting on the engorged head and smearing the wetness with his thumb. James pulled the doctor's hips back to him and they joined again. This time, Jake could see James' throat widen as it was invaded by the monster cock. He put his hand there, feeling it stretch beneath his fingers, sharing a look of awe with Sean.

Sean reached forward and stroked James' hard cock through his shorts, making him moan around the pole in his throat. The doctor gasped at the feeling, holding it a moment longer before pulling out, allowing James to take air in. They repeated the movement a few more times, with Skylar kissing the doctor, holding his face close and stroking his neat beard, making him groan.

When he pulled back again, Skylar wanted his turn.

"Hey James, you wanna eat my ass so I can show the doc how much of his cock I can take?" he asked. James jumped up, more than ready to acquiesce. Skylar stood on tip toes to plant a kiss on the doctor's lips, and said matter-of-factly, "Oh, by the way, I'm a power bottom." The doctor just looked a little dazed at the turn his day was taking.

Skylar replaced James on the arm, having removed his shorts, with his butt on the edge and his head on Sean's lap. James ducked down and attacked his ass with enthusiasm. The doctor stood and watched with a look of wonder as he swished his tongue, before probing forcefully, tongue-fucking Skylar's eager hole. 

Tim stood and retrieved a bottle of lube from the priest's desk drawer, handing it to Dr. Neale.

"You'll need this," he smiled, before returning to Michael's side, swinging his legs over Michael's and kissing his cheek. Michael turned his head and they kissed deeply, aroused by the erotic sight before them.

Sean was absent-mindedly running his fingers through Skylar's dirty-blond mop of hair and he reached forward with his other hand now, gently running his palm over his hyper-responsive nipple. Skylar arched and moaned, losing himself in the touches on his sensitive body. Jake met Sean's eye and nibbled his lip as he reached forward to stroke the length of Skylar's cock, reaching down to cup his balls and roll them in his palm. This turned the moans into a growl of lust.

Dr. Neale knelt, popping the cap of the lube. James pulled away, stroking Skylar's exposed thigh as he held the leg up high. Jake helped by hooking his arm around the other thigh, as Dr. Neale applied lube to the hot muscle. He pushed forward with his middle finger, coating the inside of Skylar's passage generously. He added more lube, and two more fingers, rotating them in Skylar's excited hole. Skylar pushed his head back, feeling Sean's aroused cock pressing into him and smiling. 

Dr. Neale covered his shaft in more lube and Jake watched, fascinated, as he lined the head up with James. The head of his cock looked bigger than a golf ball and Jake gulped as he forced it past the ring, dragging a gasped exhalation from Skylar, who raised his fist to his mouth, biting down hard as he wriggled his hips, looking for the point of comfort.

"Are you okay?" Dr. Neale asked, solicitously, hoping desperately for a positive response.

"Don't stop," was Skylar's purred answer. Dr. Neale kept moving forward, panting through his own concentrated sensations. Skylar was making small noises as his body adapted to the intense stretching, mewling and breathlessly puffing. Jake reached forward again to reach his cock, taking it firmly into his grip now, stroking in time to the doctor's movements. Finally, the doctor had fully speared himself inside Skylar and he paused, before partially drawing out and sliding deeply back in.

"Fuck. That's so deep," Skylar murmured, his eyes rolling back at the feeling. After a few moments Skylar demanded he go faster. The doctor obliged, pulling out and slamming back in. It was hard enough to be a little uncomfortable, but Skylar loved the line between pleasure and pain and bucked up to meet the doctor's driving hips, squeezing his muscles along the thick shaft, determined to milk each inch. Both men grunted in desire, building up to the inevitable release. 

James picked up the bottle of lube and held it over Jake's jerking hand. Jake turned his palm up to catch a drizzle, before smearing it over Skylar's cock, allowing him to move slickly across the engorged flesh. Sensing that Skylar was close, James dropped and took the smooth head into his hot mouth, flicking his tongue over the leaking hole, as Jake continued to slide and squeeze. 

"Fucking yes, keep going," Skylar growled. After a few more moments, he arched his back high, releasing his load into James' waiting mouth. James turned to look at Dr. Neale with a mischievous look in his eye, rolling his tongue out so the doctor could see the creamy liquid resting there, before curling his tongue back up and swallowing it down. Dr. Neale's body jerked hard as he came almost silently, depositing his seed deep inside Skylar. 

The doctor thanked everyone for an extremely successful session and everyone laughed, the sexual tension in the room partly dissipating. They only had a few minutes before Scripture began and the doctor went back to his office. Everyone milled around, many asking Skylar and James for details, or getting a cold drink of water from the water cooler. Sean took hold of Jake's hand and dragged him toward the door. They escaped into the hall and Sean pushed open the door of the gym, which was set up with a few cardio machines and lots of weights.

Slamming the door, Sean pushed Jake up against it, kissing him forcefully. Jake responded hungrily, roaming his hands over Sean's shoulders and back. They finally had to come up for air. 

"So," Jake started, with a twinkle in his eye, "you like watching huh?"

"I guess so," Sean laughed, "it certainly got me thinking about you. And you seemed to be enjoying it pretty well too."

"Fuck yeah," Jake agreed, "it was hot." He moved back in to kiss Sean's eager mouth, while his hands roved and massaged, and Sean wriggled joyfully under his skilled fingers. Sean finally broke the kiss.

"We haven't got long. And I need you to fuck me right now." 

Jake wasted no more time, pushing Sean against the door and pulling his shorts to his knees. They were running a risk. Father OD wouldn't be a problem, but the gym was mainly used by the staff and O'Rourke was in today. But in that moment, neither of them cared. Jake had got incredibly aroused watching the scene right before his eyes, and now he wanted nothing more than to be inside Sean. They had no lube, so Jake crouched to lick and tongue the tight hole to make it ready for him. He created moisture in his mouth, spitting a well-aimed glob onto the pucker.

"Fuck," Sean responded, "that's new."

"Sorry," Jake apologized, "I know it's a bit..."

"No," Sean interrupted, "I kinda like how filthy it is. Rough, you know?"

Jake did know. It fit with the hurried passion they were both feeling. After spitting again, Jake rose and positioned his desperate cock, luckily already leaking a good amount of precum, rubbing and feeling Sean's ass begin to relax for it. He forced the head in, kissing the back of Sean's neck, biting as he felt the muscle stretch for him. Sean gasped, the air whooshing from his body. He leant his head against the door and placed his hand on his ass, spreading himself to provide as smooth an access as possible. Jake held his hips and slowly moved forward. 

"Go faster, harder," Sean begged, "I want you to fuck me like a cock-hungry whore." Jake didn't need to be asked twice and he slammed forward. He put his hand over Sean's mouth as he moaned loudly.

"Ssssh, little slut," he whispered, before nipping and biting Sean's shoulder as he slid as deep as he could. 

As Sean relaxed further to accommodate him, Jake picked up even more speed and Sean wrapped his hand around his own cock. He wasn't going to last long with the thrill of danger, and somehow feeling used and incredibly wanted at the same time. 

"Fuck yes, stretch my ass Jake. That feels incredible. Use my tight little hole to get off," he demanded.

"We should add watching other people fuck to our repertoire, I think," Jake laughed, as he panted with exertion, feeling himself begin to swell. "I'm going to shoot my cum in that slutty little ass of yours. Breed you because you're mine."

At that, Sean shot his cum so hard they heard it splatter against the door. Feeling the contracting passage meant Jake couldn't hold back his own release, and he came deep within Sean. Sean turned his head, and they kissed warmly, Jake pulling his body back into a hug for a moment.

"We have to get out of here," Jake said, as he grabbed a workout towel from a shelf and wiped the evidence from the door. Jake felt thankful he'd worn boxers instead of a jock today, as he pulled them and his shorts over his hips. Jake pulled the door open and pulled up short, Sean bumping into the back of him.

"What...?" he stopped when he saw O'Rourke standing there in gym gear, his habitual scowl in place. 

"What are you doing here?" O'Rourke barked.

"Just a work out, Sir," Jake responded, relying on O'Rourke not bothering to know where people were meant to be.

"You had better have cleaned up after yourselves," O'Rourke snapped.

"Oh, we did, Sir," Jake brandished the damp towel, before dropping it into the laundry basket next to the door, "must go, Sir. Got Scripture." They scurried down the corridor, stifling giggles before sliding back into Father O'Donnolly's room and apologizing blandly for being so late. 

After Scripture, Father O'Donnolly asked Logan to stay behind for 'confession', to no one's surprise. Back in the dorm, Sean spoke to Jake.

"Do you think Logan is okay?"

"What do you mean?" Jake asked, confused.

"Have you noticed how he won't talk about the stuff that happens to him. He's really happy when he's just hanging out with us, but whenever he gets taken away he goes all funny. You heard what he said to Dr. Neale earlier. And he's even nervous around Brookes, even though I know he hasn't done anything to him. And he always showers as soon as he gets back and rubs his skin raw. 

Right on cue, Logan came into the bunkhouse and headed straight for the showers.

"You know how most of us joke around about this weird situation we're in? It's just worrying that Logan can't do that. I think it's really bothering him. I mean Willis and the doctor have both called for him every day, though I think the doctor will leave him alone now. And now Father O'Donnolly too..."

"Yeah, he has been popular with them. It is a bit strange that they've got this idea that they can use him like that, because you're right, nothing about the way he acts suggests there's a good reason for that." Jake paused and then continued softly, "But do you think it's hard for you to understand because they've always left you alone? The fact that he's not okay with it might not be so strange to you if you'd experienced it too." Jake didn't want to belittle what Sean had been through, but he was aware that he'd managed to avoid the worst of it, presumably because of Brookes.

"You're probably right," Sean conceded, "but I'm going to check if he's okay, anyway."

Just then, Logan came out of the bathroom. Jake did notice that his body was pink from scrubbing, as he pulled a clean t-shirt over his head. He pointed at the take-out container Sean had brought from the dining room.

"Is that for me?"

"Sure is," Sean passed it over, and decided to test the water. "I got it because you seem to miss a lot of meals, thought you'd be starving."

"Yes," Logan replied briefly. He began eating hungrily and changed the subject. "Shall we play some two-on-two later? I'll ask James."

"Sounds good," Jake responded, shooting a warning glance at Sean. It was apparent that Sean had been right; Logan was suffering. But he didn't think pushing it now would help the situation. He decided to ask Brookes for his advice.

Later, they headed to the court with a basketball. After warming up, they began to play, Jake and Sean against James and Logan. They were coated with a healthy gleam of sweat, laughing and panting. Sean glanced toward the house and saw Brookes heading their way. He was walking with a tall handsome man, about the same age; broad shouldered with a loose-limbed walk. Logan scored and turned to high-five James. He stopped in motion when he saw the new arrivals, like someone had pressed pause. His face paled and the smile dropped away. 

"Hey, Loges," the man greeted him cheerfully. "Surprise!"
