 Same as before, over 18, safe sex implied but not explicit.

Would love constructive feedback in the comments.

A very minor suggestion of reluctance in this one.

******

The following morning Sean was awake before the morning bell. He couldn't stop thinking about what had happened the day before and how happy it was making him, but he wondered whether Jake felt the same way. He couldn't help but remember that Skylar had said Jake hadn't shown interest in anyone else, and Brookes had said virgins were rare at Shady Pines. Maybe Jake just had a thing for virgins. He was nervous about seeing him again, worried things would be weird. 

After breakfast everyone made their way to the classroom for their extended Monday session with Ms. Harrier. Today was literature. To Sean's agreeable surprise, they were discussing the symbolism and ideology in Oranges are Not the Only Fruit. Ms. Harrier was an enthusiastic and interesting teacher and she engaged every student in the discussion and activities. Sean found the lesson passing quickly; fortunately, he had read the book himself only a few months before and found it easy to keep up. Toward they end, everyone split into groups and Sean had opportunity to speak to her.

"They tell me you're pre-law," she asked with a soft but unplaceable South American accent, "I hope this isn't too boring for you."

"No, I love reading. Bit surprised you're allowed to do this book..." Sean left the thought hanging.

Ms. Harrier laughed heartily, "Ahah, yes, it is very lucky for me Mr Willis is not widely-read. They give me a budget and I can do what I will with it. It is also fortunate that when my boys go back to the real world they do very well and never suffer from missed work. I have already investigated the work you are missing now and I have a program for you, which we will discuss later this week." Sean thanked her, impressed by her organization and dynamism. 

Just before the end of the lesson, the door swung open and Jake stood there, his bruised face already fading to yellow. A wide smile took over Sean's face but before he could react further Jake was surrounded by the others, clapping him on the back and asking how he was. Ms. Harrier greeted him, then dismissed the class with details of the essay she expected by the following day.

"Fox, Lab, Craig.. do you want to stay for some extra tutoring?" Sean noticed the implied tone at the word 'tutoring' and realized those boys got their own version of extra curriculum fun. 

"Craig and I can't," Fox responded, disappointed, "we're on lunch."

"Hey," Sean said, "I'll get that; you guys stay." They thanked him profusely and Sean left the room as Ms. Hillier gave the 'come hither' finger to Fox. As Sean walked out the door, he saw Jake had hung behind to wait for him.

"I'll help you," Jake said. Sean smiled shyly, and Jake leant forward and planted a kiss on his lips. "I missed you last night," he whispered. Sean's smile got wider and their fingers briefly and tenderly combined. 

When they got to the kitchen Jake shut the door firmly as Sean began to grab the sandwich ingredients from the fridge. Jake came up behind him as he held lettuce in one hand and cheese in the other, kissing the base of Sean's neck and nuzzling into the warm skin. Jake wrapped his arms around Sean, gently pushing his hands down so he let go of the food, before turning him around, to kiss intently, searching Sean's mouth with his tongue while his hand roamed underneath his t-shirt, fondling and stroking. Sean gave himself into the passion, figuring the time for talking was later, now there was just heat and moisture and desire. 

Sean's primary desire right now was to taste Jake. He dropped to his knees, unzipping Jake's khaki shorts and pushing them down just far enough to be able to stroke and knead his muscular ass cheeks. Allowing the stiff rod, unencumbered by underwear, to bounce forward, Sean caught it on his waiting tongue, twisting it to spread moisture along the underside. He brought his hand to the base, smoothly sliding his fist in small motions, while he wrapped his mouth over the head and focused on adding wet to the heat already there. When Jake could stand it no more he pulled Sean up, kissing his mouth fervently.

Then, in one smooth move, Jake slid Sean's shorts and underwear to his knees and lifted him easily onto the worktop. He bent, kissing around Sean's lower stomach, down to his already hard cock. Jake took the head into his mouth, sucking wetly as he swirled his tongue around the delicate skin, sliding further down while he rolled Sean's orbs in his hands. Pulling back, he spread Sean's ass with his thumbs and lapped at the tight hole. He swirled and twisted his tongue until he felt it relax, pushing his tongue inside, getting it wet. Searching blindly, his hand found the softening butter and he scooped a little with his finger smudging it over the tight hole and just inside.

"Sit up," Jake commanded, "I want to see your face as I enter you." Sean pushed himself up onto his elbows, looking into Jake's eyes as he positioned his cock. Sean's eyes opened wide as he entered, popping the head and holding still. Jake placed his hand on Sean's chest, over his heart, feeling his breathing, his heartbeat, as he moved slowly forward. When he was fully encased he paused for a moment to enjoy the feeling. Sean pushed himself almost upright and bent to kiss Jake, wrapping his strong legs around Jake's ass, pulling him close, his arms wrapped around his shoulders. Sean marveled at how Jake seemed to know exactly when to go from tender to impassioned as he thrust hard and fast with small motions, sliding his cock along Sean's prostate, causing intense and overwhelming feelings. Sean nipped and kissed Jake's neck, encouraging the movement by pulling and releasing his legs, letting them go a little looser to allow Jake a wider range of motion, which he was quick to take advantage of, fucking hard as Sean panted out moans of arousal. 

After a while, Jake pulled Sean off the counter, standing him on weakened legs with his body bent, as he reentered from behind, fucking hard and fast as he leant over Sean's body and whispered filthy thoughts into his ear, describing his own sensations. Sean pushed himself up, arching his back and twisting his head, finding Jake's mouth for a frantic, desperate kiss as he jerked his own cock before spewing his cum over the cabinet. Just as before, the awareness of Sean's release was enough to send Jake toward his and he pulled himself from Sean, watching the hole open and close in spasm as he spasmed himself, spraying over Sean's ass and back. 

They collapsed against the counter, laughing and planting quick kisses as they recovered their breath. Jake grabbed a dishcloth from the drawer and dabbed the cum off Sean's back, before bending to take care of the cabinet. Sean pulled his clothes back into place as Jake rinsed the cloth in the sink and dropped it into the laundry basket.

Just in time, as the door swung open and Brookes walked in, surveying the room. 

"Make sure you've cleaned up properly boys," he laughed, the smell of sex strong in the air, "I don't want cum in my lunch." Sean looked sheepish and Brookes left again, muttering, "hygiene," and laughing to himself. 

They set to making sandwiches and salad. Sean was pensive, operating automatically. As they finished, Jake put his hands on Sean's shoulders and turned him so they were face to face. 

"Tell me," he demanded.

"It's nothing..." Sean replied, "nothing to worry about."

"Don't believe you. But I won't push it. Just know that if you decide to talk about it, I'm here." Sean looked into Jake's concerned eyes and decided he couldn't afford to be precious about his feelings while he was in Shady Pines.

"Okay. But it's dumb. And you'll think I'm pathetic," Sean took a deep breath. "Brookes told me I probably had until today until I start getting bothered by the staff. I'm scared." Sean cast his eyes down. He knew Jake had actually been through the stuff he was just worried might happen, so he was embarrassed by how apprehensive he was. Jake hugged him hard and Sean clung on like he was a life raft.

"Listen," Jake finally said, "I'm almost certain Brookes has put a veto on you with the guards. Otherwise they'd have been all over you like a rash already. But just ask him if you need to know for sure. As for the others, I don't want you to stress about it. Father Donnolly really isn't that bad, I think he just has some issues because he became a priest too young and he feels guilt about his own sexuality. I don't know about the doctor, I've never been with him properly; apparently he doesn't even fuck many people so maybe you won't be his type. Willis is easy enough, the worst thing about him is he insists on play acting like he's converting you and you have to go along with it."

"You'd be okay with it if I have to do something to get along?"

"Of course!" Jake laughed, "We do what we have to. But you know what, that's a really good point. You should try and enjoy anything that happens. It makes it easier. And there's plenty of hot guys around here. It's pretty expected." Sean looked shifty, remembering something Skylar had said.

"But you didn't, did you?" he asked. Jake paused for a moment.

"No... I didn't. Couldn't help myself with you though," he grinned. Then became serious. "I don't hook up with people unless I feel a connection. A spark. It happens often enough. It definitely happened when I saw you. I got it with Skylar. But I saw that he was being taken all the time and I felt bad for him. By the time I realized he was just a really horny dude and loved it, the moment had passed." He shrugged. 

Sean hugged him again. He felt better about the idea that he'd be able to cope if something happened, though he wasn't entirely sure how he felt about Jake being cool with him hooking up with someone voluntarily, and the fact that the spark, which he'd felt too, was apparently not that exclusive.

******

While Sean was having his minor crisis in this very abnormal situation, back home in Greenholt Sam and Alexie were having a crisis meeting of their own. They had met for coffee and were talking quietly at a table in the corner, trying to work out what was going on with Sean. They had both had messages promising conversations, and now they hadn't heard from him for three days, his phone was going straight to voicemail, and he hadn't put anything on social media in that time. Sam plucked up the courage to tell Alexie part of what had happened on Friday evening, although he didn't think she needed the x-rated version so just told her about the kiss. And about how his mom had apparently not taken the news well.

"He didn't tell me that was why he wanted to stop dating, but for some reason I'm not feeling any surprise," Alexie told Sam, "Over the last few months he's really developed as a person, become more sure of himself. It's been great to see. I love that boy so much. But I could tell there was something he wasn't working out for himself and it was making him uncertain. Not surprised to find out it was liking guys. I mean, can you imagine growing up in that repressed household?" she asked, rhetorically. Not for the first time, Sam thanked his lucky stars they had a best friend as open-minded and chill as Al. Her parents were modern-day hippies and it definitely showed in her attitude to life. 

"So, do you think he freaked out and ran away or something?" Sam asked.

"I can't see why he would?" Al pondered, "He was happy when you left each other? He knew his mom wasn't going to be baking rainbow cupcakes straight away." Sam nodded, "He should have been up early for practice, but he didn't turn up?"

"Yeah. Coach was piiiiiiissed," Sam enunciated, "that was so unlike Sean."

"I think we have to ask his mom," Al grimaced. She'd always got on with Sean's mom despite their very different attitudes to life - she was the kind of girl skilled in being friendly to anyone - but the rarified air of piety in the house since she had remarried felt strange and she always had to watch her mouth as she felt like Sean's mom was capable of being very easily offended. Sam was a no-go to help. Sean's mom definitely wouldn't tell him anything as she wasn't able to hide her disapproval of him. Sam offered to drive Al to the house but he'd wait in the car. 

Sean's mom answered the door, looking groomed as ever. She was the Dean of Academic Affairs at the college and was a highly intelligent and dynamic woman. Except when it came to her husband. Alexie had no idea how to approach this.

"Hello Mrs Thompson. How are you today?" Al figured politeness wouldn't be a bad way to start.

"Hello, dear. I'm very well. You look lovely today I must say. That periwinkle shirt really brings out the deep blue of your eyes." Al blushed prettily and stammered a thank you as she fingered the well washed collar of the blue cotton shirt she'd had since high school. Modesty always went down well. "Are you looking for Sean?" Al nodded, "I'm afraid he's had to go away to a camp for a few weeks. It's a wilderness thing, so no phones or contact while he's there. I'm sure he's missing you a great deal, but it's for his own good."

"In the middle of the semester?" Al questioned. She suddenly realized Sean's mom didn't know they'd stopped dating. 

"Yes dear, it was the only time they had space. It's a very popular camp. I've squared it away with all of his tutors, he'll catch up easily when he's home," Sean's mom covered. Al thought rapidly and came up with something.

"Oh dear, it's unfortunate he didn't tell me he was going. We were working on a project together and he was keeping a lot of the notes the group made. We really need them," she ad-libbed.

"I'm not sure where his computer is," Sean's mom lied.

"It's okay, they were mainly handwritten notes. Maybe they're in his room. May I look?" Sean's mom stepped back to invite her into the house and told her to search as much as she wanted, before returning to the kitchen to continue with dinner. 

Al bounded up the stairs and entered Sean's room, which was suspiciously tidy. His charger was plugged into the wall but there was no sign of a phone or a computer. She opened the wardrobe and saw Sean's large gym bag, that he always used when going away, on the shelf. That was a strange sign. She searched for a while and found nothing of any significance, so she grabbed some random loose-leaf pages with Sean's spidery scribble all over them and headed down the stairs. 

Outside the study, she paused. The door was open and no-one was there. She could hear Sean's mom clattering pans in the kitchen and the TV in the den, where the girls would be. Mr Thompson was the wildcard. Al decided she had to assume he was still at work and go for it. 

She bobbed into the room and headed straight for the desk. Mr Thompson was neat and it didn't take long to realize there was nothing of any help on the top or in the drawers. The filing cabinet was locked, but as she stood there in frustration a brochure caught her eye on the adjacent bookcase. It was titled 'Shady Pines Bible Camp and Reeducation Center' and had a picture of several extremely wholesome looking young men on the front. She tucked it within the papers she carried, just as she heard a key entering the front door. Busted! Al heard Mr Tompson greet his daughter and stepdaughter as Al paused by the doorway, trying to come up with a good reason to be in his study. She came up blank, so sighed with relief when she heard Mr Thompson head toward the kitchen to meet his wife. 

On silent feet, Al scooted out of the room and positioned herself so she could be seen, doing a good job of looking casual and unbothered. 

"Hi girls," she greeted the young teens chomping carrot sticks as they watched some loud and awful TV show. They waved non-commitally - they liked Alexie but nothing was going to tear them away when their parents only allowed them 30 minutes per day. "Hi Mr Thompson. Thank you Mrs Thompson, I found the school work I needed so I'll be going now." Mrs Thompson pressed Al to stay for dinner but she claimed a pressing need to get on with the fictional assignment.

Escaping into the warm afternoon air Alexie finally felt herself relax, and she jogged down the road to where Sam was parked, nervously peering out of the windscreen.

"Did you find anything?" he demanded before she'd even slid into the passenger seat. "Did she think it was weird?"

"She doesn't know Sean and I stopped dating. And she definitely doesn't know that I know about you two. I have a feeling that could be useful. But I think this is where they've sent him," Al passed the brochure to Sam and they pored over it, working out it was a good four hours drive away and gasping in dismay at the descriptions of the 'reeducation' sessions. "I just hope they don't mess with his head too much," she said when they'd finally finished.

"We have to save him," Sam said excitedly, "let's drive up there tomorrow!" Alexie agreed to - there was nothing at college she couldn't miss one day of.

The next day they set off early and took a road trip to the camp. They had fun together and a lot of the time managed to forget that they were on a serious mission. When they finally arrived it was late morning and warming up. They drove up a long road that had no exits and was surrounded by thick woodland. They eventually drew up by a huge metal gate. There was an intercom on the gate and they could see a fence of the same height, topped with razor wire, extending as far as the eye could see in both directions. A quick walk each way was all it took to show them there was no way they could get round the outside of the perimeter, with bushes, rocks, and trees blocking the way.

Returning to the gate, Al rang the intercom, pressing it hard then waiting for a response. Nothing, She pressed again and again over several minutes, in frustration. Finally, a golf buggy came zipping down the long drive and came to a screeching halt. A tall man with close-cut black hair and a strong jawline jumped off and strode to the gate. Al and Sam looked up and stepped back, intimidated by his daunting presence.

"Sorry, the intercom isn't working. We don't get many visitors so it hasn't been fixed yet," he said in a surprisingly smooth and calming voice. "Can I help you?"

"Can we see Sean?" Sam blurted out. Al nudged him in consternation. They hadn't planned what they would say but she knew it wasn't meant to be that blunt. The man looked at them differently now, as if he were memorizing them.

"I'm afraid not. No visitors allowed. Though if you felt like developing yourself," he said, looking at Sam, "I'm sure we could book you in."

"Um, no thanks," Sam replied, "I don't think I need your particular brand of help."

"You might be surprised," the man said cryptically. Then he glanced around, as if looking for eavesdroppers in this wilderness, and whispered, "Sean is fine. He'll be home in less than eight weeks. I'll tell him you came looking; he'll like that, I think." And with that he jumped in the buggy and drove away. Sam and Alexie felt a little deflated after their ideas of busting Sean out had come to nothing and went home a lot less bright and eager than they'd arrived.

Much later, a few of the boys were hanging out after dinner. Suddenly, Simmons burst through the door carrying someone in his arms. Everyone looked up in shock; new arrivals happened on Saturdays and Sundays usually and they rarely got more than one new person per week, but they didn't recognize the little they could see of this young man. Brookes followed him through the door, and he looked furious. He pointed to a spare bed, and hissed some words to Simmons, who gently, for him, lay the boy down. Brookes approached Sean and pulled him to one side.
