 Same as before, over 18, safe sex implied but not explicit.

Would love constructive feedback in the comments.

Definite non-consent in this one so proceed forewarned. 

******

The next few weeks passed fairly uneventfully for Sean. There were weekly doctor's visits, that were pretty much each a repeat of his first one but became easier to cope with when he knew what to expect. Group counselling sessions with Willis were boring but thankfully never led to anything for him, although many of the others were kept back at various times. He did stay back with Father O'Donnolly, who the guys all called OD, a couple of times, but he was okay with that as the priest was actually pretty gentle and didn't have many kinks. He enjoyed several more sessions with Brookes, who was helping him explore his submissive side. A few new guys came along, and all the bunks were now full, plus some more they'd built up one morning while everyone had been in class. 

Sean and Jake stole moments together whenever they could and disappeared for runs and more around the lake most afternoons, as the weather was fine. Sean continued to be in awe at Jake's interest in him. He felt lucky every day that someone as warm, and funny, and self-assured as Jake found so much happiness in his company.

Craig had departed three weeks ago now, and no one else had left since. Some of the more long-standing visitors were due to go next weekend and Sean knew he'd miss the camaraderie they had developed over the weeks. The place was full and the last thing anyone was expecting was another new person. So, when the door opened at about 2pm that Saturday and Brookes entered, followed by a young man wearing loose grey tracksuit pants, every head bar Sean's and Jake's popped up as if it were a meerkat colony. Several jaws dropped, not least because the soft pants did nothing to hide the obvious lack of underwear and the outline of what could only be described as a trouser snake.

Sean missed the impressive entrance, ensconced as he was on Jake's bunk, with his full lips wrapped around Jake's cock, quietly bobbing up and down. Jake realized the room had gone very quiet and glanced to the side, making eye contact with a grinning Brookes, who was tall enough to be able to see pretty well what was going on. Jake nudged Sean, who popped up and saw the boy with Brookes. 

He was taken aback by his beauty; to him, almost comparable to Jake's. If Jake made him think of Ares, Greek God of War -- all flashing eyes, potential danger, and intense but controlled passion, then this guy was a woodland nymph. He had choppy brown page-boy hair, loose and flopping slightly into his eyes, which were beautiful and deep, framed by lashes long and thick enough to make any girl, and most fluffy bunnies, insanely jealous. He wore an army-style khaki jacket, open to reveal nothing underneath but a lean, toned torso. Sean's eyes finally hit that bulge in the pants, causing his mouth to gape even more than it had been. 

Brookes took in Sean's appraisal and decided to be cheeky. He had been about to ask one of the others to help out.

"Sean," he barked, instead, "get down here!" Sean jumped off the bunk and stepped forward. "This is Logan. Show him around, please. Fill him in." Sean ignored the double entendre and gave a small wave to Logan.

"Jake," Brookes continued, "it looks like you're all dressed up with nowhere to go. Come with me." Jake grinned and jumped off the bed, giving a mock-salute. He hadn't spent any time with Brookes one-on-one since Sean had arrived but had heard some interesting things from Sean, so was all for this. 

"With pleasure, Sir," Jake leaned in to Sean on his way past, planting a brief but passionate kiss on his mouth.

"You know I'll have to punish you for that?" Brookes questioned with a raised eyebrow.

"Sure do, Sir," Jake winked, and sauntered out ahead of Brookes.

Sean introduced Logan to everyone who was there and then they wandered around the grounds, with Sean pointing out various locations and explaining the structure of each day. Finally, they arrived in the dining room, and Sean turned on the coffee machine. 

"So, with all the chores and lessons, when do we get fucked?" Logan asked. Sean was a little shocked at this level of bluntness delivered in a smooth southern drawl out of an angelic face. He hadn't yet addressed that part of the 'filling in'; not sure how to approach it.

"How did you...?" he began.

"Well, I already got fucked twice today."

"Huh?! Who by?" Sean was dazed. From everything he knew, James had been the only one that happened to, and only because he'd ended up on Simmons' radar. Simmons had really changed his attitude now he had James though, so Sean doubted that was the reason for Logan's comment. 

"Umm...Mr. Willis, I think he's called. The boss-man. And the doctor." Now Sean was really surprised. Whilst these two fooled around in a relatively minor way with newbies, all information so far had Willis as checking compliance very carefully first, and the doctor of never going that far.

"That's weird. They don't normally do that on your first day. I wonder why you're different," Sean pondered.

"I'd rather not be different," Logan looked at his feet, "I would guess it has something to do with my step-brother. He's the reason I got sent here. When he was my age, his mama sent him here for not taking God seriously, and he convinced my mama that college was sending me on a road to hell, so I should come too." Logan looked half amused and half furious. "Guy's a jerk. He must have known what it was like here; probably gave them a heads up about me."

"You're gay?" Sean asked.

"Extremely. And that's down to my step-brother too."

Logan proceeded to tell Sean his story. How his mama had been single his whole life; his father bugging out before he was even born. She'd worked hard to provide for them, at a busy diner in downtown Houston, managing to make a decent living because of her excellent service skills and pretty face. She'd never dated, though, rejecting all advances to keep her son's life stable. Plus, she didn't trust men much, and always told Logan she put her faith in the only man who counted; God. 

However, she had been a very young mother, having Logan at seventeen, and was still extremely attractive. So, Logan hadn't been that surprised when, just after his own eighteenth birthday, a charming and attentive Yankee had swooped in and knocked her off her feet. After so many years of staying chaste for her son's sake, when she fell, she fell hard. Within six months, the pair were married, and Logan and his mama had moved north to live with him.

Logan liked his step-father; he was kind, open-minded, and intelligent. He was also tremendously rich. He sent Logan to the best local private school, and it was while finishing his senior year that Logan met his step-brother. Billy hadn't seen his father in years; his own hyper-religious mama (Logan's stepfather obviously had a thing for Southern Belles) had discouraged contact, as she considered him a heathen. 

But news of his father's new family had intrigued Billy, so he'd traveled to meet them. When he'd arrived unexpectedly he'd charmed Logan's mama instantly; obviously inheriting more than just his six-foot frame and grey eyes from his dad. He'd also taken an instantaneous shine to Logan and he engendered as many opportunities as possible for them to spend time together.

Logan had known he was gay for a while but hadn't felt confident enough to come out or to meet anyone. To this day, his mama still didn't know, as he was terrified what the knowledge might do to their relationship. So, he was incredibly naïve in all matters and when Billy had kissed him one night, while their parents were in the city at a work function, he'd let it happen. Even when Billy took it further, teaching Logan to perform orally and returning the favor, Logan had assumed it would be a one-off and allowed Billy's dominant personality full reign. 

Soon, Billy was coming into his room each night, taking things further each time. He took Logan's virginity a week after the first incident. After Logan had gone off to college, Billy had visited him regularly and, each time, had used his charm and his strength to get what he wanted. Logan told Sean he was pretty sure the intervention he'd led with mama's support had been because he was pissed that, once at college, Logan started spreading his wings and hooking up with other guys, and Billy was jealous. 

"Wow," Sean said, "he sounds like a Grade-A jerk."

"Oh, he is," Logan agreed, then mused, "he is pretty good in the sack though."

****

While Sean was finding out Logan's back-story, Jake and Brookes had gone up to Brookes' room. Brookes locked the door and bent his head to kiss Jake, who responded before pulling back.

"I know you have to punish me," he winked, "but before you do, can I ask you a question?" Brookes shrugged in acquiescence and sat on the edge of the bed to remove his boots. 

"I want to know why you've changed so much," Jake stated. Brookes looked a little shocked at the bluntness but gestured for Jake to continue. 

"When I arrived, everyone told me that you were scary, and rough too. And you were, although not as bad as I'd feared, those first couple of times. Then Sean arrived, and you changed, like, instantly. Before you'd even had sex with him. You became more fun, and you laugh a lot these days, and just hang out with us. And, from what both Sean and Skylar have said, you're not being nearly so rough." Jake paused, still not sure if he wanted an answer to this question, "Is it because you're into Sean?"

"Would that bother you?" Brookes asked. Jake just shrugged. It definitely would, but he already gave enough power up here on a daily basis. He'd keep this part of him to himself for now. 

"The truth is," Brookes continued, "I'm not 'into' Sean any more than anyone else." He paused, and took a deep breath, "He reminds me of someone, is all."

Jake just waited, silently watching Brookes' face. Brookes thought for a moment, and decided he'd spent too long not being himself, so would be honest now. 

"It's like this. When I first got here as a counselor I had no idea what this place was. I just needed a job after college and was good with people. And then, after a few months, I met someone. I guess he looked a little like Sean, but it's more something in the eyes. That way he has of looking at you like he trusts you to be good to him," Jake nodded; he knew exactly what Brookes meant. 

"We started something. I was really happy. And I think he was too. But then, just before he was due to leave, he got crazy mad at me. Willis had been fucking him the entire time. I hadn't known, and he was angry that I'd never noticed, never seen it in his face when I'd drop him off at Willis' office for 'counselling'. He lost it, and accused me of not caring, of knowing about it and not saving him. I think he'd got to the end of his rope by then. He wouldn't speak to me again. Left without saying one more word to me."

"Thing is, I'd truly not seen the signs, but I was furious with myself for not realizing. And then, when he'd gone, even more furious for not making an attempt to sort it with him. I was young then, not even 22 -- stupid and immature. Mind you, that's a reason, not an excuse." Brookes gulped.

"I lashed out. I don't think I recognized then that I was heartbroken, I just kind of decided that if he thought I was this horrible human being, then I might as well be. I figured, why not prove him right. So, I became what you'd heard about me, except I was worse back then. I think it was my fault Willis started hiring people who would be part of his messed-up vision for this place, because he saw an ally in me."

"Then, about a year ago, he hired Simmons. It really freaked me out what real aggression looked like and how scared it made the boys. I suddenly felt a little sick that I might have been responsible for that kind of thing, although I am positive I was never as bad as him. I spent time countering him, making sure the guys he paid attention to got a break and he didn't take things too far. Then Mr. O'Rourke sent his psycho son. I wanted out, but knew I needed to stay to stop things getting too bad."

"And then," he took a deep breath, "Sean arrived. And he reminded me of Peter. And suddenly, I felt like a shell of a person, and that I wanted to get my real self back. So yeah, things have changed." He gave a mirthless chuckle and bowed his head, his normally tanned face unusually pale, waiting for Jake's reaction. Jake said nothing for a moment.

"That's pretty intense," he finally said. "Do you know what you're going to do?"

"No," Brookes looked up, "I've thought about going to Mr. O'Rourke, but Willis is close to him and I don't think he'd believe me. I know I want out but now, more than ever, I don't want to leave anyone with the rest of them. I'm stuck."

"I reckon we can come up with something. But in the meantime, how about I distract you?" 

Jake pulled Brookes up and kissed him, holding his head close and exploring his mouth. Jake broke the kiss and moved to the crook of Brookes' neck. Brookes let Jake take the lead, rolling his head to the side and feeling the shocks of arousal travel straight to his nipples, as Jake's hand pushed under his t-shirt to find and tweak the nubs. Jake put his mouth close to Brookes' ear and whispered.

"In all this time, have you ever been fucked?"

"You mean...?" he paused.

"Yes, I do," Jake grinned.

"Ummm, no. I haven't. I'm a top."

"I know that. But you know, you should experience it. Besides feeling it for yourself, it'll make you better at what you do, if you can really understand what your partner is feeling." 

Brookes didn't move for a moment, just looking into Jake's deep-green eyes as he thought. He'd always wondered what it was like, particularly when buried deep inside some perfect ass, feeling the muscles ripple along his cock and seeing the total surrender beneath him. But he'd never been willing to give up his control to the sweet little submissives he usually took. Jake was different though. He had his own dominance that, while it didn't match Brookes' own, was appealing. Plus, he felt as though he could trust Jake to do it right.

"Okay," he said, simply.

Jake moved in again, with stronger purpose, kissing forcefully, opening Brookes' mouth and pushing his tongue inside, allowing his dominance out. He pushed Brookes down onto the bed and backwards, climbing so he was crouched above him. He slid his hands over Brookes' chest and across his neatly belted waist, down to the hard bulge in his cargo pants, which he stroked firmly through the thick fabric. Jake pulled Brookes up enough to remove the black t-shirt , revealing his broad shoulders and strong torso, before pushing him down again. He deftly unclipped the silver buckle and released the button-fly, sliding the pants down and off as Brookes raised his hips to allow access.

Brookes' nerves vanished as Jake bent, taking his solid cock smoothly into his warm and willing mouth. He stroked all around the hot flesh with his strong tongue, bobbing down, then up; using suction to elicit moans of pleasure from Brookes. He twisted his head first one way, then the other, being sure to coat the length in moisture while his cheeks concaved from the pressure. Brookes bucked his hips, trying to reach Jake's throat, but Jake had other ideas. 

Jake pulled up with a pop, before running his tongue down the length, over Brookes' balls, pausing to lap and suck at the sensitive skin. Jake pushed Brookes' strong thighs apart, revealing his tight, virgin hole. He lapped up and around, tickling the sensitive muscle with the tip of his tongue. Brookes rarely felt this sensation and he moaned at the jolts of delight it sent through his body. Jake kept licking; applying pressure and increasing the sensations. Brookes was really getting into it when Jake penetrated his hole, flicking his tongue inside, reminded him where this was going, and he tensed up, uncertain.

"It's okay," Jake whispered, "we'll take it real slow. You can stop any time it's too much." He kept up the motions until Brookes relaxed again, closing his eyes to focus on the pleasure.

"Lay on your stomach." Brookes moved so he was laying on his front, resting his head on his forearms. Jake grabbed the lube and squeezed a generous amount onto his fingers. Using one hand to spread the smooth brown cheeks, Jake kissed and nipped at the skin while his finger found access to the tightly closed hole. He smeared the jelly over the pucker, which tensed and twitched nervously.

"Ssshhhh..." he whispered, nibbling again to distract as one finger pierced the well-lubricated entrance. Brookes whimpered; an unusual sound to hear from him, and Jake paused to allow him to relax. 

"Don't forget to breath," he murmured. He had to stifle a giggle as it became apparent Brookes had literally done just that. He could feel the muscle relax as Brookes began to calm. Jake slowly pushed forward a little before pulling partially out, repeating till his long finger was fully embedded. He fucked Brookes like this for a few strokes, and squeezed more lube onto the area, as he added a second finger.

"How does that feel?" he asked.

"Ungh. Pretty good," Brookes grunted, "Weird. But good."

Jake could feel Brookes relaxing further, his muscles willingly giving way now to allow Jake's fingers to twist and slide in and out. Jake curved his fingers, stroking at the prostate, liking how the sensation made Brookes gasp and lift his hips in time with the movement. 

When Jake was sure Brookes was ready, he pulled his fingers out, climbing on top and placing his cock in the groove of Brookes' ass. He bent to nibble and suck a soft earlobe.

"I'm going to enter you now," he whispered, "try to breath through it. It might be uncomfortable at first, but I won't go faster than you can take." Brookes just nodded, and Jake positioned the head of his cock. 

Before Brookes had chance to get nervous and tense up, Jake forced his tip past the tight but slick entrance. Brookes cried out at the stretching sensation, quickly remembering to take breaths, which he did rapidly at first. As Jake felt his breathing begin to slow back to normal, he gently pushed forward.

"Oh, wow," Brookes breathed, "that feels crazy intense." He lifted his head, which made his back arch, to Jake's glee, and the feeling became even stronger. Finally, Jake stopped moving.

"That's it. You've taken all of me. How does it feel?" he asked.

"Good. Amazing," Brookes paused. "Really fucking big."

"You'll adapt," Jake laughed, as he slowly began to slide out, before sliding back in deeply, to groans from Brookes. After a few minutes of careful movement, Jake could feel Brookes bucking his hips up with each downward stroke and he knew it was time to move to allow more freedom.

"Stand," he demanded. As Brookes stood on wobbling legs, Jake directed him to the window sill, so he was bent a little forward. Jake re-positioned himself behind. Grasping Brookes' hips, Jake drove forward in one demanding movement, causing another yell from Brookes. Jake didn't pause, knowing Brookes could take this, and to his gratification the shock was quickly replaced with moans and mumbles of 'fuck yes'. Jake began to increase the speed and range of his movements, pistoning in and out. Brookes began to meet his thrusts, pushing back in time with Jake's forward stroke, causing their flesh to slap as Brookes' ass met Jake's stomach. It wasn't long before Brookes was jerking his hard cock.

"Oh yes, Jake, fuck me as hard as you can," he growled. Jake obliged, knowing he wouldn't last much longer inside this still vice-like ass, as Brookes came with his habitual roar, splashing his hot seed against the wall. A few moments later, Jake pulled out, spraying thick streams of white cum over Brookes' ass.
