 Ok readers, in case you didn't notice the change, this story is in the 'gasp' Gay Male category. The relationship between these two is integral to the later chapters and deserves a little time in the limelight. It really irritates me when the trolls read a chapter like this and then you get hate mail, or public feedback about how the content of your story is so disgusting. So....you have been warned, no hate mail please cause I'll just delete you anyway (grin). (unless of course it is constructive negative feedback) Feel free to write me if you are a gay male however because I would like to know if I did ok!!! 

Thanks to everyone that has voted and left comments and emails! I even like the feed back that is not so hot because it gives me an idea of how you guys are taking the story!

Chapter 11: Lovers

Finn was awakened from a doze to the feel of a large body settling in behind him, pulling his naked body close. Warm lips found his ear lobe and he moaned softly. Knowing hands stroked and fondled his chest and belly, finding easily the sweet spots that drove him crazy. 

His hands were drawn over his head and secured to the headboard with something soft. He was laying flat on his back now, his erection straining towards the ceiling. He cried out in unexpected pleasure as his cock was sucked deep inside his lover's mouth. His legs were wide spread now and he could feel the exquisite sensation of his balls being gently stroked. 

"Oh God, don't stop," he gasped as the talented mouth began to take nibbling bites along the underside of his shaft. A wet finger began to swirl around the entrance to his body. He let out a quivering cry of pleasure as it began to alternate swirling and pushing gently against his outer sphincter. 

"Shhhhh," came his lover's admonishment, "You don't want to wake the house do you?" The deep voice teased, "Do you want them to find you spread eagled with a cock buried in your ass? Hhmm?"

Finn gasped trying to restrain his cries as a thick finger pressed deeply into him twisting and rotating, opening him for the large cock that would soon be demanding entry. A hot mouth engulfed his throbbing member taking him deep and Finn writhed at the dual pleasure. A second finger was added along with a dollop of cold lubrication. Finn couldn't suppress the high pitched noise of excitement that escaped from him. A strong hand pressed over his mouth and the tongue stroking his cock started on his balls, tasting and teasing as the two fingers inside him continued to thrust in and pull out only to push in deeper and begin stroking that spot inside of him that would push him over the edge. 

Finn was thrusting with his hips now and moaning with want beneath the hand that muffled his cries. The hot wet mouth moved back up to the tip of his penis and engulfed it to the root in one stroke. Finn bucked and howled with muffled pleasure as the sucking and thrusting pushed him into a screaming climax. He could feel his lover sucking every bit of his cum out of his cock as he shot over and over in a seemingly endless supply.

Limp and still shaking, Finn could feel his lover's strong, muscular arms turned him over and he felt his hips lifted as several pillows were shoved under him. His ass was in the air now and he felt the delicious feeling of excitement and fear shudder through him as a gag was shoved into his mouth and secured around his head. 

"There," panted his lover in his ear as he could feel his weight settling over him, "this should help my little screamer keep his daddy from knowing he's my bitch."

Finn could feel the hard tip of his lover's cock at his entrance and he whimpered, wanting to feel that velvet steel pushing itself deep within him.

"I have missed you babe. You're such a bad boy Finn, letting me fuck you. Don't you think? All the things you want me to do to you," the low, deep voice continued as he pressed kisses and gentle bites along the back of his lover's neck. Finn moaned quietly pressing his hips up in answer.

There was pressure as the large cock demanded entry and Finn couldn't suppress a yelp as the large head popped through. It always hurt the first few moments before the incredible feeling of being taken and filled took over. He could feel every ridge and vein on the engorged cock that was slowly sliding into his body. His own cock was rock hard again, pressed between his body and the bed. 

"That's good baby, just relax. I'm gonna spend the rest of the night fucking your brains out," the deep voice said. "You have been so bad haven't you Finn? Do you jack off thinking about my hard cock in your ass?" His cock slid deeper as he increased the force of his thrusts now, "I've missed you so much."

Finn cried out in muffled pleasure as his lover thrust home, balls deep in his body, pressing him down firmly into the mattress. He rotated his hips in time with his lover's thrusting.

"What would your prim and proper daddy have to say about this?" His lover teased. He could feel the tightness and heat of Finn's ass around him as he thrust and he suppressed the impulse to bite and strike as his excitement mounted. "You are so sweet Finn," he breathed into his lover's ear as he bit it more sharply this time, "so beautiful." Pushing Finn's legs together and squeezing his own legs together around them and he groaned with pleasure as his cock was gripped even tighter by Finn's slim, muscular body. 

"God you're such a tight fuck," he gasped. "I want to fuck you forever babe. I'm gonna take you somewhere nice and private and make you scream and beg me for it before I fuck you so hard you can't walk."

A sharp slap to his right butt cheek startled Finn and he jumped. "Yeah, squeeze that ass around me babe. " Another hard, stinging slap to his left cheek and they gasped in pleasure together.

Finn could hear the bed creaking and feel it rocking as his lover pounded his hard cock into his excited body. Continuous moans escaped him as his aroused body spiraled closer to climax. He loved the feel of his lover dominating him, using his body to get off, his huge cock sliding in and out of him. His own cock was sliding against the bed as his lover rocked his body, the delicious rubbing action and pressure combined with the cock sliding in and out of his body was conspiring to send him over the edge. 

"God Finn that's it. Come for me babe. Squeeze me tight," his lover panted in his ear and then cried out as he began to climax deep into the smaller man's body.

Finn tripped and screamed a muffled cry behind his gag as his own body shook and his cock surged, soaking the bed under him. Again and again they shook together and he could feel his lover resting his weight on his back.

A while later gentle hands removed the restraints and the gag; Finn rested in the circle of his lover's arms while soft lips played over his sweaty face. It had originally taken him a while to let this kind of sex happen, and now he was finding it impossible to live without it. The bondage had only heightened the sensation of lust and helplessness. He had never been the more submissive one in a relationship before and he was finding that with Simon, he loved it.

"God Simon," he moaned," you feel so good."

Simon smothered the rest of his comment with a deep kiss as his tongue delved deeply into Finn's mouth. "You feel pretty damn good yourself babe," he replied. "I wanted to throw you on the table and fuck your brains out all through dinner. I figured that you could be a main course just for me." Simon chuckled at the thought and kissed Finn deeply again and again, his body beginning to rouse to hardness again. "I guess I'll just have to settle for you being dessert."

Finn rolled to his back and pulled Simon over him. "I believe you mentioned something about fucking me all night long?" Finn laughed as Simon's heavy body settled on top of him and his cock pushed in slowly. "Oh man I've missed this," he panted. He brought his legs up and rocked his hips so Simon could slide even deeper.

Simon smiled in the dark as he pushed into his lover. "I think we have two weeks to make up for lover," he breathed as he devoured Finn in another kiss. "If you would just move in with me we could do this all the time."

"Oh," Finn gasped at what Simon was doing to his body. "We've talked about this," Finn moaned and bucked his hips into his lover.

"Just think," continued Simon quietly, "We would be together all night long, and in the morning, at lunchtime, all weekend. My house is nice and private," he rotated his hips and Finn groaned. "I could fuck you in the hot tub, or on your hands and knees on the grass, or how about tied between two of the support beams to the deck. You could scream all you wanted and no one would hear you except for maybe a raccoon or two. Maybe I should just not let you come until you say yes."

Finn moaned in protest as Simon stopped moving entirely, using his heavy body to prevent Finn from moving.

"Simon!" he gasped, "please, don't stop, I need you." He flexed his muscles tightly around Simon's cock and then released. 

"Live with me," he panted, "it isn't enough to see you now and then. I want you with me all the time. I don't want to hide how I feel anymore." Simon buried his face in the crook of Finn's neck and almost against his will pulled out of Finn's tight body completely and brutally slammed himself back in with one thrust.

Finn moaned in pleasure as Simon bottomed out in his tight body, and then moaned again as Simon stopped moving. Simon caught Finn's panting mouth in a deep kiss, moaning into the moist heat of his lover's mouth. Tongues clashed and meshed, swirled as Simon began rocking his hips back and forth. "Simon please," begged Finn, frantically trying to get his lover to move harder, clawing at his back.

"Say it," Simon gasped, rocking harder for a moment and then going still.

"Oh GOD....please."

"Please Finn," he said quietly into his lover's mouth. 

"Yes," Finn sobbed, "Simon, yes, yes please."

He voiced an inarticulate cry of pleasure as Simon thrust hard and deep again and again. 

"Oh God, Finn you're mine," he grunted, "mine," pushing harder and harder into the writhing body of his lover, mindless to anything but the flex and pull of his body and the heat and cries of his lover.

Finn shrieked against Simon's neck as he came with blinding pleasure, his cock pulsing with heat as it spurt out his semen between sweat slicked bellies. At the same moment he sank his fangs deep into Simon's neck, and tasting the sweet flow of his lover's blood across his tongue. He climaxed again, a dry climax that radiated agonizing pleasure from his groin out to his extremities before smashing back through his cock, leaving him gasping for air.

Seconds later Simon roared as his cock was squeezed with rhythmic pulses and it let loose a flood of semen into Finn's shaking body. He continued to thrust, longer and slower, groaning with pleasure and aftershocks of his orgasm.

Completely sated, Finn's head fell back on to the pillow, he felt limp, unable to move. 

Simon claimed his mouth for a long and deep kiss, tasting his own blood. "Mine," he whispered, kissing him again.

Finn moaned softly in pleasure as he returned the kiss, "Yours."