 Author's note: All characters are firmly over the age of 18, as should you be.

This story is filed under gay male rather than romance or novellas, but I've found myself needing to establish setting/motivation – so it's a bit of a slow start – if you're into hot and heavy from the start this might not work.

Please also be aware that this story largely concerns itself with gay sex (though a bit of het stuff is expected later) so if that doesn't float your boat don't stick around. Please also be aware that the full story will contain strong elements of non-consent and reluctance.

This section is a prologue so doesn't contain much sexual action, as it's setting us up for what comes next. 

*****

Sean headed hurriedly into the changing room, raising his hand in greeting to the others, who were already changed and stretching out ready for practice. He ran a hand over his clammy forehead as he shoved his bag in the locker. He felt kind of sick but couldn't miss today's practice before the big match without his coach asking questions. He changed quickly, then joined the others, giving a brief one-armed hug to Sam; one of his closest friends since high school. 

"You okay, bud?" Sam enquired, concerned. "You look a little pale." Sean cast his eyes down, feeling awkward. 

"Mmhmm. We can talk after practice." Sean was finding it tough to make eye contact. He needed to get away, to focus on practice and nothing else with all these people around. He jogged out onto the field ahead of Sam.

After practice the team were joking around, back slapping and telling risqué jokes in the way of college jocks everywhere. Sam was still out on the field, collecting all of the equipment back in. He had followed this method ever since arriving at college. His contemporaries were accepting of his sexuality, more relaxed than they had been at high school, where he publicly came out at 17. Despite this, he was extremely conscious of the tightrope he walked as a young gay man and was determined to prevent them having a need to feel uncomfortable around him, so he always made sure to stay out of the changing rooms during shower time.

By the time Sam came in everyone but Sean was almost dressed. Sam stood with them, chatting about the strategies for the upcoming game. Sean stared at the floor as he pulled his jeans over his lean, muscular thighs, buttoning them tight across his flat stomach. He sat on the bench, slowly pulling on his socks and sneakers, drawing out the task as long as possible. Finally, the others started filing out, waving goodbye, with raucous chatter about seeing people the next day in class. 

"Just heading for a shower, Sean. You going to tell me what's bothering you?" Sam called. Sean stood, feeling his heart pounding in his chest and his breath shortening. As Sam stripped off his sweat-soaked gear, Sean leant against the cool tiled wall of the shower. Sam's sexuality had never before been a problem between them. Sam had felt comfortable enough with Sean to reveal he was gay within a few hours of meeting him on their first day of high school, even when it was a secret to everyone else, and they had continued to bond over a shared love of movies, football, and computers like any other teenage boys. Sean had soon introduced Sam to his best friend since first grade, Alexie, and they quickly became an unbreakable trio. When Alexie and Sean had started dating as seniors Sam was unsurprised, and it had little effect on their group dynamic or how much time they spent together. They were lucky enough to have grown up in Greenholt, a beautiful, leafy college town – home to one of the longest standing universities in the country, and they were all now attending Greenholt College.

Sean watched Sam surreptitiously through his long lashes, as Sam lathered his firm biceps and foamed soap at the dark hair of his armpits. He slathered bubbles across his olive skin, down his defined pecs and abdominals. His sagittal trail glistening with suds, he briefly ran his fingers along his thick cock and under his low hanging balls. Sean couldn't help his mouth momentarily hanging open, and he felt his own cock bounce slightly in response.

"I broke up with Alexie," he burst out.

"What?!" Sam stopped washing, utterly shocked for a moment. "Why? Is she okay?"

"I think so. I don't think she was surprised really. We'd gone back to being just friends months ago, and it felt right. Anytime we tried to do anything romantic it just felt weird. For her too. We haven't even kissed in the last three weeks."

"As long as you're both okay. I'm not sure what I'd do without you two." Sam looked sympathetic. Sean nodded miserably, feeling the pressure of his thoughts even more. He had no idea if he was going to be brave enough to say what he was here to say. 

Sam continued, "But why didn't you tell me? How long have you been feeling like that? ...You could have trusted me, you know?" Sean didn't say anything, just spun on his heel and returned to the changing room. Sam followed, patting his shoulders dry and wrapping his towel around his tapered hips.

Sam questioned gently, "For someone who is okay with it, you don't really seem okay?" Sean gulped. 

"Well... I didn't actually tell Al the whole reason I wanted to break up."

"Shit, you haven't met someone else, have you?"

"No, no, not at all!" Sean paused. "Well, not as such..." Sam waited patiently for Sean's explanation. Sean looked at his friend's kind brown eyes and blinked rapidly.

"I do like a person, but I really don't think anything will happen. They haven't given me any indication they like me as anything more than a friend" Sam stepped forward, profoundly affected by the sad tilt in Sean's clear hazel-green eyes. He placed his hand on Sean's bare shoulder, gently stroking with his long fingers.

"They'd have to be crazy not to like you back. You're a seriously awesome guy." Sean raised his eyes to make contact with Sam's, losing himself in the warm depths. He nervously licked his full lips, pulling the lower edge into an uncertain nibble. Sam looked down at his friend. He had never seen the normally confident Sean seem so nervy. It struck Sam that Sean was self-conscious for a reason. Maybe even for a reason he himself had hoped for? Sam barely dared to believe that the realization that was dawning was the truth. He cleared his throat and placed his palm more securely on Sean's upper arm.

He suggested "I think you have to tell the person. Otherwise, you're going to be wondering. If you like them they must be a decent person. Sympathetic, and kind. I guess the worst that could happen if they don't feel the same way," he was hedging his bets, taking care of their friendship in case he was reading the signs wrong. "So, what are they like?" he questioned.

"Amazing. Kind, like you said. Strong, and funny."

"Pretty?"

"Er, more good-looking, I'd say," Sam took another step forward, now well and truly in Sean's space. The tension felt almost palpable to him and he wondered if Sean was feeling the same. Sean gulped again, his mouth slightly open as he breathed heavily in an attempt to slow his rapidly beating heart. Sam was confident his guess was at least half right – Sean liked a guy. 

"Do I know him?" Sean's eyes widened, but he made no attempt to correct Sam's assumption. 

"Yeah... I guess you could say that" Sam was so close now, his head tilted slightly. All Sean had to do was tip forward and their lips would meet. He sucked a breath in and did it – closed that gap until his own lips met Sam's. Sam responded instantly, softly moving his lips against Sean's and bringing his strong arms around his upper back. Sam moved his palm to the back of Sean's head, pulling it firmly toward him as he parted his lips, using them to push Sean's lips apart and passionately explore his hot mouth with his tongue. Sean felt a jolt, like electricity, burst behind his eyes. He felt almost woozy with a craving for more, pushing his own tongue forcefully to meet Sam's, wrestling to taste his heat. 

Sam's towel fell to the floor, shifted by the movement of their bodies. Sean felt Sam's stiffening cock press against his own and pushed forward, wanting to feel more. Sam placed his palms on Sean's chest, pushing him back a step until his body met the steel locker door. Sam broke the kiss with small pecks, traveling from Sean's lips and down the soft skin of his neck. Looking into Sean's eyes, he unbuttoned his jeans and ran his hand down the v-line, thumbing the muscle join, until he reached his prize. He twisted his hand along the already rock-hard cock, pulling it from its denim prison. Giving one last lick to Sean's sensitive neck he dropped to his knees, smoothly pushing the jeans and tight cotton boxer briefs down with one hand while the other held firmly, rotating the shaft, rolling his thumb over the receptive head.

Sean moaned as Sam lifted his cock to run his moist tongue along the smooth fascia, from the base to frenulum. He swirled the tip of his tongue around the glans, collecting the pre cum and spreading it over the head. Sean rolled his head back, exposing his long neck, feeling the thrill travel up his body. He hissed approval as Sam took half his length into his warm, willing mouth, swishing moisture across and down. He continued to push his mouth further down, lifting and falling, bobbing and sucking as Sean bucked and grunted. With precision, he lowered his head further, taking Sean's length into his throat, massaging with the muscles. 

After only a few minutes of rhythmically swallowing Sean down, releasing for air sucked in through his nose, and swallowing hard again, Sean was at the edge.

"Fuck, I'm going to cum" he moaned. Sam stood, twisting and gliding his hand over Sean's wet and burning shaft as he lunged for a kiss. Sean responded with an open mouth as he grunted his release, splashing hot flames of cum onto Sam's stomach. His knees weak and Sam guided him to the bench.

"You okay?" Sam whispered.

"Yeah," Sean breathed back, "that was really intense. It's never felt that way before. My head is spinning." He paused, "Can I try it on you?"

"You want to?" Sam felt as though he was in a dream. He had fantasised about this many times but felt certain that was all it would remain. When Sean nodded in the affirmative Sam replaced him on the bench with a smile of pure happiness. Sean stood, pulling his boxers up and kicking off his jeans fully. Sean knelt before Sam's well-developed legs, strong and toned from years as a running back, and ran his hands along the muscled thighs, feeling the masculine, coarse hair between his fingers. Not wanting to wait any longer, Sean took Sam's soft length in his hand, looking at it closely as if trying to memorize the lines, admiring the way it slowly began to engorge just from his gentle touch. He increased the pressure, twisting and rolling the flesh while Sam encouraged him.

"Oh yes, Sean, that feels good." Then an "Aaargh!" in shock and pleasure as Sean bent forward and placed his lips in a pout just over the tip. Sean created a flow of saliva, knowing oral always felt better with plenty of moisture. He massaged the liquid over the head with the soft flesh of his full lips, using the point of his tongue to tickle the sensitive hole. He leaned forward a little more, taking some of the length, feeling the width stretch his virgin mouth.

"Don't take too much Sean, get used to how it feels," Sam coached. "It feels incredible from where I am."

"Mmmhmmm," Sean agreed, as he enjoyed the feel of the smooth skin in his mouth. The vibrations made Sam wriggle in ecstasy. Sean continued twisting and bobbing, using his hand on the lower part of the shaft, moaning himself as he felt the pure pleasure of giving pleasure. Eventually, the sensation and the sight of Sean taking his cock, or anyone's, for the first time was too much for Sam. He bucked, forcing himself to limit his range so he didn't choke Sean.

"I'm cumming, pull back," he moaned.

"Nu-uh," Sean mumbled, his mouth firmly in place. He felt a sudden desire to taste Sam's load. The thought of Sean doing that for him sent Sam firmly over the edge. He shuddered, releasing his flow over Sean's tongue. Sean swallowed, pleasantly surprised by the thickness, how sweet yet salty it tasted. Sam laughed.

"That was amazing man, thank you!" He bent his head to Sean's, kissing his mouth and quickly lapping at a pearl of his cum that had escaped.

There was a creak as the main door swung open.

"Anyone still here?" The voice of coach Perkins came round the corner. At seemingly the speed of light, Sam had his tracksuit pants pulled over his hips and Sean stood, his back to the door, in position to put his jeans on. 

"Oh, hi coach," Sam said breathlessly, as the coach rounded the corner, as he pulled his t-shirt over his head. "We're just heading off." Coach nodded.

"Okay boys, I'll be back in five to lock up." He left the room and Sam and Sean burst into relieved laughter.

"Shit, that was close!" Sean exhaled.

"I hope it doesn't smell too much like cum in here!" Sam giggled.

The boys put the rest of their clothes on and headed out to the car park. At Sean's car, Sam gently pushed Sean back against it and placed his lips over Sean's. After a moment he broke the gentle kiss.

"Do you feel okay about what happened?"

"Yes...I do. More than okay really."

"Do you want to come back to mine? Hang out, watch a movie, get pizza?" Sam lived off-campus in a studio apartment as his parents had moved over west earlier that semester for his dad's job.

"I would love to, but mom's expecting me, and you know how strict she is on me being where I've said I'll be."

"Ha! And she doesn't approve of me either," Sean's mom's disapproval had no influence on Sam.

"Yeah," Sam said, slightly sadly, "I'm not sure how that'll go down."

"You're going to tell her about this? Maybe you shouldn't. Maybe we should work it out a bit more first."

"Maybe we should. But I've always been honest with my mom. I have to tell her something is happening with me. I know she seems old-fashioned quite often, but she loves me, and she is a good person. I'm sure she'll be okay with everything." Sean spoke with more confidence than he felt. His mom was a good person but when she had married Simon three years ago she had definitely started to pick up a lot of his pious attitudes. This included a far more judgemental attitude, which was often the hallmark of the religion of forgiveness.

Giving Sam a strong hug, Sean slid into the driver's seat and, waving goodbye, headed home, determined not to waste any time in facing the music with his family.

It turned out dramatic family revelations were going to have to wait. Simon was at the parish meeting and Sean's sister, Sophie, and stepsister, Katy, were staying over with respective friends. Sean found himself more than a little relieved. Sophie and Katy were both pretty cool 13-year-olds, despite Simon's influence, but Simon didn't hold back in his opinions about things he considered an 'abomination'. Sean realized he could do without that kind of drama tonight. Maybe his mom would be able to soften Simon up if he told her first.

"Mom, I have something I need to tell you."

"What's the matter, sweetie?" Mom was chopping carrots at the counter, her back to Sean as he swung his legs at the breakfast bar.

He took a deep breath. "I've been confused lately, about how I feel about Alexie," he began. "I've...I've, erm, been having feelings for someone else..." he took the plunge, "a guy." He stopped and took a deep breath, awaiting her reaction. His mother kept her back to him, ceasing her chopping. After a moment, she turned to face him, tears filling her eyes.

"You can't, baby. You like girls," she whispered.

"I kissed him mom, and it felt right," he whispered back. Suddenly, his mother lost it.

"No, no, no!" she screamed. "You are not gay. It was that little faggot Samuel, wasn't it? He's trying to turn you. He's just jealous of what you and Alexie have. You can't let him," she sounded like a screaming banshee, continuing to scream hurtful words at Sean as he sat, stunned, before her. Flecks of spittle flew from her mouth as she flung invective at her only son. Sean's mouth hung open, bright tears filling his eyes.

He knew his mom wouldn't immediately be okay with what was happening with him, but he'd expected more calm disappointment. He pushed his stool back, hands shaking, and stood up.

"Yes, get to your room! Think about what you are doing to your family. I will not have some homo filthying our family's reputation!" Sean gasped as the tears fell from his eyes. He ran upstairs and flung himself down on his bed, feeling the molten pain flow.

An hour or so later, all cried out and lying in the fetal position on his bed in the dark, Sean heard his stepfather arrive home. He was greeted by mom, who said, seriously,

"We need to talk about Sean." They shut the kitchen door and Sean could hear the murmur of voices raise in shock. He didn't feel as though he would be able to cope with his stepfather's anger, so he ducked into the bathroom to shower. He felt the warm water run over his face, calming him. He heard his stepfather come upstairs and presumably realize Sean was in the shower. Waiting until he heard steps going back down, Sean quickly dried and dressed in clean boxer briefs with a white vest and dove into bed, prepared to feign sleep if necessary. He would deal with the fallout tomorrow. Under the sheet he checked his messages, he grinned – a message from Sam!

'Hope ething ok w/ ur mom. LMK what happened. Cant w8 2cu tmr <3 ' Sean deciphered the messaged and his heart swelled with a moment of happiness. He typed back

'Not the best. She flipped. I'm sure it will work out tho. She'll come round. Can't wait to see you too x' He knew his refusal to shorten more than the odd word or two made Sam laugh so he hoped his message would get a smile too. He felt brave enough to message Alexie too. He definitely owed her something and needed to make sure he made things okay with her.

'Hi Al, I want to thank you for being so cool with everything today. You're a better friend than I could hope for. Some stuff is going on with me. I know you could tell, you always could read me. Can we talk tomorrow? Love you x'. Sean sent the message and dropped the phone on the bedside table, suddenly exhausted by the rollercoaster of emotions. He fell asleep quickly, his cock stiff from replaying his first kiss with Sam.