 A note: just a reminder from the last chapter - this is set at least 10 years ago. 

I would love comments - I really want to improve my writing but need feedback to be able to tell what is/isn't working. Thanks for reading and please rate if you enjoy it.

*****

Brookes implemented new programs that were far more fun, and voluntary, than the old ones. With Willis gone, he had a word with the doctor and the priest, letting them know that they were no longer operating under the old rules and informed consent was mandatory. Though the atmosphere was almost vacation-like, through it all Sean was miserable, immune to attempts to bring him out of his funk by Logan, Brookes, and James. Everywhere he went in the compound he was reminded of being happy with Jake.

So, he was relieved when Saturday came and Brookes took him home. He'd said goodbye to Logan and James and the others, promising to see them in the real world, but his heart wasn't in it even though he knew he'd miss their easy companionship. 

When they drew up in front of his house Brookes turned to Sean.

"I want to thank you. Your presence there did more than you could ever know." Sean hugged him.

"So has yours, with me. I know a lot more about myself than I think I ever would have without you." Sean stood on the path waving Brookes off, reluctant to enter the house.

Finally, he took a deep breath, filling his lungs with the non-judgmental, free air of 'here', before entering 'there'. He was greeted with a 'Welcome Home Sean' banner strung above the breakfast bar, clearly handcrafted by his little sisters. Sophie saw him first and squealed her delight, running over for a full-body bear hug. He hugged her back before turning to Katy and repeating the process. 

To his surprise, Alexie was standing beneath the banner, with a wide smile on her face and waggling eyebrows - clearly trying to tell him something. He had no idea; he'd just run with whatever she did. That was the usual procedure with free-spirited Alexie anyway. He briefly shook hands with his stern stepfather and hugged his mom, who buried her face in his neck and sobbed.

"It's so good to have you back Sean, we've missed you so much." 

Alexie strode over when Sean had managed to extricate himself from his mother's clutches and wrapped him in a huge hug.

"Go with it," she whispered in his ear, before pulling back and planting a warm kiss on his lips. It was like an old sweater, they'd done this so many times before, and he had no problem putting on an enormously heterosexual show, to the point where his stepfather finally coughed disapprovingly. 

"Eurgh, gross," Sophie blew a raspberry and she and Katy went off to grab snacks from the platters laid out on the counter. Alexie held Sean's shoulders.

"It's so good to see you Sean," she was waggling those damn eyebrows again. "You're so naughty, going to wilderness camp without even telling me." She batted his upper arm coquettishly. Sean thought she was laying it on a bit thick, but his mother seemed to be lapping it up, smiling indulgently at their interaction.

"Well...you know...away from people and all that..." he managed not to laugh, just, "I've missed you, too, Al" he said, hugging her to him. 

Sean's mom asked Alexie to watch the girls and gestured for Sean to follow her to his stepfather's study. 

"Sean, we truly are happy to have you back, and we're very happy you and Alexie don't seem to have been negatively affected by your little...problem," Sean managed to keep his face neutral, despite the cacophony of thoughts behind his dulled eyes.

"But you know you'll have to earn our trust back," she continued. 

"Of course, mom, I understand," he knew his voice was monotone, but it's the best he could do. She handed him his college laptop. 

"Log in, and then onto that Facebook," Sean did as he was told. He didn't see that he had an alternative. He saw that he had multiple messages waiting, but before he could click his mother whipped the computer from his hands. 

She clicked, and read through some. Sean knew they would be innocent enough. Sam wouldn't have messaged lately and most would probably be about sports or lectures, probably asking where the hell he was. Then she spoke.

"Who is 'Jake'?"

"Just a friend I met there," Sean said, praying he hadn't said anything sexual in the message, "what does he say?" he added, optimistically.

"Just asked you to message him. I don't think so though. We want to put this unfortunate time behind us. I don't think any of us need to be reminded of you needing to go there," she clicked the delete button, and Sean had to stop himself from crying out in dismay. 

"What is it with young people today not even using their real names on this 'social networking'?" she questioned her husband absently. She clicked into the settings and adjusted the password details. Then she did the same to his MySpace account.

"One of the ways to regain our trust will be by moving away from all this silly technology. You can spend time with appropriate friends in person. If you need the internet for study you can use the house computer when we are here. I also threw away your phone; far too much risk," Sean had been given an iPhone 2 for Christmas. His mother handed him his old flip phone.

"You can use that to talk to Alexie. I have given her your number. I will be checking your phone, so don't go adding more numbers without checking with me," she said with what she probably thought was a calming smile.

"Of course," Sean mumbled.

Sean was becoming frustrated with the litany of rules his mother was putting in place. He could only be out of the house for classes, study and exercise and she had to know where he was at all times. 

"Mom, I can't live like that, I'm an adult. What about Alexie? She's not going to put up with never being able to go anywhere," he demanded.

"Alexie will understand. You'll tell her you want to simplify your life. We can come to some agreement about you taking her out once in a while once you're settled back in," his mother was stern.

"But mooom," he whined. He'd known it wouldn't be as straightforward as before, but he hadn't realized it would go like this.

"That's enough!" she commanded, "While you're under our roof you will live be our rules. And I have plenty of people on campus to make sure you are doing the right thing by your family."

"So, what if I move out?"

"And how would you pay for that?" she scoffed. "Anyway, that is not happening," she was becoming angry and unreasonable. "If you even think about leaving, I will make sure the college no longer accepts you, and that no good-quality college in the country will. Good luck going to law school after being at Community College." 

Sean feared she wasn't exaggerating. She had tenure and was well respected in both the community and the wider academic arena. He believed her when she said she had that power. He'd heard stories of students being blacklisted for many spurious reasons and didn't want to join their ranks. 

His mother wanted to have his homecoming 'party' then and act like everything was normal. He couldn't bring himself to do that and claimed a bad headache and tiredness from all the physical activity while he'd been away. If only she knew. He said goodbye to Al and whispered to her on the doorstep that he'd explain everything when he got a chance.

Sean spent the next few weeks in a daze. It was the summer vacation, but he had a lot of work to catch up on so focused on that. His mother watched him and checked his phone. He went to the gym and to the library, on his own and with Al, regularly, but it was obvious the College staff were keeping an eye on his actions. He managed to explain some basic stuff to Al through sneaky quiet whispers, but he kept details of Jake to himself. He felt as though he owed it to Sam to tell him first and had no idea when he'd be able to see him, as he was spending the summer with his parents.

He felt bereft without Jake. Even more so when he considered he didn't even know if Jake was missing him at all. Maybe this was a perfect, drama-free outcome for him. Having to maintain a happy façade when he was around his family so much was exhausting. Sean was happy when the break was over and he could get back to school, to try and get back some semblance of normality. 

At his first practice back he was looking forward to seeing Sam, even though he knew he'd have to be careful. He didn't show. In the changing room, when everyone else had gone, he asked Coach where he was.

"He's not on the team anymore. He's playing field hockey and soccer this season," Sean was horrified.

"Did you kick him off the team?" he whispered.

"I was instructed to. He's lucky he didn't get kicked out of college. Your mother does have that power, you know?"

"You know...?"

"Your mother told me some information and I extrapolated the rest and spoke to Sam, off the record. Your mother asked me to watch you and report back to her. I think she assumed I'd be sympathetic to what she considers her problem. She is wrong. But you need to know that if you meet Sam here, and I don't report it, if she finds out it will be my job." Coach looked compassionately at Sean.

"I won't," Sean was miserable. It had been three months since he'd got back and he still hadn't seen Sam - too scared of his mother's spies. And now he wouldn't be seeing him at practice.

After so many weeks of watching Sean prove to his mother that he would toe the line, Alexie decided to ask him to take her to see a movie. His mother agreed, conscious that Alexie may be getting frustrated that he wasn't taking her on dates. But he knew her spy network was still watching so wasn't looking forward to it much. 

Alexie wasn't driving to the cinema.

"Where are we going?" Sean asked, perplexed.

"I'm going to see Indiana Jones with Bridget," she said, pulling up to the curb. "You're going to see Sam." Sean looked up at the Ivy-clad residential building and grinned.

"He's been missing you, you know. I go to the movies with Bridg, bring you a ticket stub and the plot of the movie. And you get to spend a couple of hours with Sam." She gave him a kiss on the cheek. "Have fun."

"You really are the best," he hugged her then hopped out of the car and rang the buzzer for Sam's place. The door unlocked and he ran up the stairs two at a time.

The apartment door swung open as he got to it. There he was. His olive skin was darker than usual from the long summer and his love of the outdoors. White teeth gleamed in the broad smile. His thick hair had grown and the waves covered his ears now. Sean crushed him in a hug. He smelt good; woody and spicy. Sean found himself wondering if Jake wore cologne in the real world. Sean pulled back, a look of confliction crossing his face. It wasn't fair on Sam to be thinking of Jake now.

Sam ushered Sean into the studio apartment. It was tidier than normal. Sweet. When they were inside Sam hugged Sean again, taking hold of his face and planting a soft kiss on his lips. Sean responded, falling into the warmth of the contact. Then he pulled back again.

"You don't seem as happy to see me as I thought you would," Sam opined, sounding hurt.

"It's not that... I am happy to see you. It's just...just... I have something to tell you." Sean responded somberly.

The sat on the edge of Sam's bed. Sean was nervous. And confused. Was he about to fuck up his most solid male friendship, and potentially more, over something that was nothing? 

"Is it something about that place you went? Al told me you don't talk about it much. Was it that bad?" Sam prompted.

"Not really, not for me. But even that stuff would have Al storming up there with a flamethrower, so it's better I give it more time before speaking to her about it," Sam chuckled at Sean's words; that sounded about right for Alexie. So, what was bothering Sean? Sudden realization dawned on Sam.

"Is it about a guy?" he asked. "Was it that hot guard?" Sean was reminded that Alexie and Sam had met Brookes briefly. 

"Yes, a guy," Sean was relieved he wouldn't have to awkwardly find a way to raise the topic, "not that guy...well, not exactly." Sam missed that sideline.

"Are you still seeing him?"

"No. It's complicated," Sean explained what his mother had done and that he had no way to find him. He couldn't even go into the city as his mother wouldn't let him travel that far. He hadn't been able to find him on social networking using Al's computer, and he didn't know what else to do. He didn't mention to Sam that he wasn't even sure how far he should take it. When did it stop being reasonable behavior, especially if Jake didn't really want to be found?

"But you want to," Sam stated. Sean nodded sadly. He couldn't look into Sam's eyes, he didn't want to see the hurt. But Sam made him, gently pulling his jaw up. 

"Sean, I'm not going to lie to you and pretend I wasn't hoping we'd be picking up where we left off and seeing where that went. But your friendship is way, way more important to me than any of that. It sounds like you really want something with this man and I don't see how you can just ignore that because it isn't easy right now." He hugged Sean close.

"I do know how you feel you know?" Sam admitted. "I came out of a serious thing before you went away." Sean looked shocked. 

"I know, I'm sorry I didn't tell you. It wasn't my secret to share. He's married you see. We ended it because it was too painful. He was conflicted between what he felt for me and what he has with his family. I never want to be involved in anything that messy again. But I understand a feeling of desperately wanting to be with someone who isn't around." Sean held Sam's hand, wanting to offer any comfort he could after his friend had gone through that alone.

Sam rolled up a joint neatly while Sean hooked Sam's laptop to the television. Sam cued up a movie while Sean took first toke, allowing the mellow smoke to fill his lungs and soul. As the movie began Sean laughed.

"Er, buddy," he joked, "either Hollywood's acting requirements have dropped considerably, or this is a porno." Sam laughed back.

"Don't worry, just background. I thought you might like it, because it's about a sweet young thing who goes on a journey of discovery, with lots and lots of super-hot guys." Hmmm, Sean did like. There was a wide-eyed blond who reminded him of Skylar. He told Sam, and all of a sudden he wanted to hear more details about Shady Pines.

Sean filled Sam in on some of the more consensual stuff. Most of the rest wasn't his to talk about. He told him about Skylar, and James, and Brookes. He was interested to hear about Logan, as they'd hooked up themselves a few times. 

And he told him about Jake. How funny he was, how safe he made Sean feel, and, yes, what a good fuck he was. Sam could see how Sean's eyes light up when he spoke about Jake. Well, damn, his best friend was definitely in love. Mind you, that wasn't stopping what he could feel happening in his pants at these lascivious descriptions.

"Sounds like it was pretty debauched," Sam laughed, "how did Jake feel about you hooking up with other guys?"

"Well he was there too a lot of the time!" Sean chuckled. "He's pretty laid back though - he was off doing his own thing sometimes too. We were definitely flexible." Hmm interesting. And Sean was leaning into his side now, laying his head on Sam's shoulder. 

"So, until you find a way to meet up with Jake, are you planning on staying celibate?" Sam asked, carefully. Sean snorted.

"Fuck, I hope not. But I'm on such a tight leash, I really don't know how I'll manage it." Sam got a very inappropriate image of Sean on a leash at that, and coughed, shifting in his seat.

"Well, I could help you out," Sam suggested. Sean sat up and looked at him.

"I don't know. I mean, obviously I'm attracted to you. But... I'm not going to lead you on. I want to be friends." Sam leaned a little closer, and his voice was husky.

"I know that. And I'm happy with that. But, God, if I don't want to experience some of these new skills you've been picking up..." Sean glanced at the screen, where two strongly muscled young men were kissing passionately, removing clothes, all terrible acting forgotten as they got down to what they were really good at. He licked his lips and turned back to Sam.

Sam pulled Sean's face toward him, covering his mouth. He probed tentatively at first, wanting to be sure Sean was as eager as him. Sean could taste weed on Sam's breath and slid his tongue forward to explore. He was feeling just nicely spaced and the deep kiss made the blood rush to his head. he let himself go, leaning into it.

They were breathing heavily and Sam began to roam his hands up Sean's back, coming round to unbutton his shirt, revealing the toned physique.

"Damn, you're looking good," he ran his hands over Sean's smooth chest, his searching fingers finding a stiff nipple, tweaking it firmly. Sean moaned, pushing his chest up, encouraging Sam to continue. 

"You like that, huh?" Sam's face held a cheeky gleam as he lightly twisted the other one. He dropped his head and raked his teeth carefully over the sensitive nubs, playing and teasing until Sean was panting and whimpering at his touch. Sam leaned to Sean's ear, breathing closely.

"Suck my cock," he commanded. Sean readily dropped to his knees, expertly flipping the buttons on Sam's jeans, releasing his stiff cock, which he took eagerly inside his mouth. Sam could only lean back on his hands, looking down into Sean's almond-eyes, which were watching intently as he slid his mouth down, closing briefly as Sean took the head into his throat expertly. 

"So, if I have this right, my adorable, slightly geeky, cute and very vanilla best friend goes away for a few weeks and comes out a submissive, horny slut. I guess I should be sending them flowers or something." Sean just moaned onto Sam's cock, loving the feel of it inside his mouth and throat.

Sean had a sudden desire to be close to Sam. He pulled him close, speaking in between peppering soft kisses on Sam's face and neck.

"I know there's more for us to do, but right now, I just need for you to fuck me."

Sam reached into his nightstand drawer and, pushing Sean onto his stomach and pinning him down by his back, he scooped lube liberally from a pot, smearing it over Sean's tight little pucker, taking an opportunity to watch it quiver in anticipation before he slid a finger inside. Sean gasped and pushed his hips up, arching in pleasure.

Sam kept him pinned while he expertly rolled a condom down his solid shaft, before positioning himself at the opening, pushing forward slowly. Sean whimpered and reached back to grasp at Sam's hips, pulling him deeper. 

He embraced the discomfort, reveling in feeling something so powerful after holding himself in check for so long. Gradually, his passage relaxed around the intruder, and Sean began to raise his hips to meet Sam's rocking pelvis.

"Christ, you feel good," Sam grunted into Sean's neck, kissing and lapping at the warm flesh, his arm wrapping around Sean's chest, pulling him closer. He ground forcefully, feeling the tightness react. 

Sean reached his arms above his head, moaning as he stretched his body long, loving the weight of Sam's body on him. Sam pulled Sean up onto his knees, re-entering him in one smooth move, grasping Sean's narrow hips and pulling him onto his cock. Sean took over the motion, rocking back and forth, taking the entire length while Sam looked down, biting his lip.

"You love that, don't you?" he growled, "Such a good boy, taking my cock so well." Sean dropped his head down, leaving his ass high and burrowing his face into the bed. Sam could hear his muffled pleas to be fucked hard and he complied, slamming forcefully until he felt his balls constrict, driving his cum forward. He held Sean's waist, spent for a moment. 
